lady tozer adjusted her gold-rimmed eye-glasses with an air ofdignified aggressiveness.
she had lived too many years in the far east.
in hong kong she was known as the "mandarin."
her powers of mercilessinquisition suggested torments long drawn out.
the commander of the_sirdar_, homeward bound from shanghai, knew that he was about tobe stretched on the rack when he took his seat at the saloon table.
"is it true, captain, that we are running into a typhoon?"
"from whom did you learn that, lady tozer?"
captain ross was wary,though somewhat surprised.
"from miss deane.
i understood her a moment ago to say that you hadtold her."
some one told me this morning.
i couldn't have guessed it,could i?"
miss iris deane's large blue eyes surveyed him with innocentindifference to strict accuracy.
incidentally, she had obtained theinformation from her maid, a nose-tilted coquette who extracted ship'ssecrets from a youthful quartermaster.
"well--er--i had forgotten," explained the tactful sailor.
"is it true?"
lady tozer _was_ unusually abrupt today.
but she was annoyed bythe assumption that the captain took a mere girl into his confidenceand passed over the wife of the ex-chief justice of hong kong.
"yes, it is," said captain ross, equally curt, and silently thankingthe fates that her ladyship was going home for the last time.
she gasped, in unaffected alarm.
this return tofemininity soothed the sailor's ruffled temper.
sir john, her husband, frowned judicially.
that frown constituted hislegal stock-in-trade, yet it passed current for wisdom with the hongkong bar.
"what evidence have you?"
"do tell us," chimed in iris, delightfully unconscious of interruptingthe court.
"did you find out when you squinted at the sun?"
the captain smiled.
"you are nearer the mark than possibly you imagine,miss deane," he said.
"when we took our observations yesterday therewas a very weird-looking halo around the sun.
this morning you may havenoticed several light squalls and a smooth sea marked occasionally bystrong ripples.
the barometer is falling rapidly, and i expect that, asthe day wears, we will encounter a heavy swell.
if the sky looks wildtonight, and especially if we observe a heavy bank of cloud approachingfrom the north-west, you see the crockery dancing about the table atdinner.
i am afraid you are not a good sailor, lady tozer.
are you,miss deane?"
i should just love to see a real storm.
now promise mesolemnly that you will take me up into the charthouse when this typhoonis simply tearing things to pieces."
i do hope it will not be very bad.
is there no way in whichyou can avoid it, captain?
will it last long?"
the politic skipper for once preferred to answer lady tozer.
"there isno cause for uneasiness," he said.
"of course, typhoons in the chinasea are nasty things while they last, but a ship like the _sirdar_is not troubled by them.
she will drive through the worst gale she islikely to meet here in less than twelve hours.
besides, i alter thecourse somewhat as soon as i discover our position with regard to itscenter.
you see, miss deane--"and captain ross forthwith illustrated on the back of a menu card thespiral shape and progress of a cyclone.
he so thoroughly mystified thegirl by his technical references to northern and southern hemispheres,polar directions, revolving air-currents, external circumferences, anddiminished atmospheric pressures, that she was too bewildered toreiterate a desire to visit the bridge.
then the commander hurriedly excused himself, and the passengers saw nomore of him that day.
but his short scientific lecture achieved a double result.
it rescuedhim from a request which he could not possibly grant, and reassuredlady tozer.
to the non-nautical mind it is the unknown that is fearful.
a storm classed as "periodic," whose velocity can be measured, whoseduration and direction can be determined beforehand by hours anddistances, ceases to be terrifying.
it becomes an accepted fact, akinto the steam-engine and the electric telegraph, marvelous yetcommonplace.
so her ladyship dismissed the topic as of no present interest, andfocused miss deane through her eye-glasses.
"sir arthur proposes to come home in june, i understand?"
iris was a remarkably healthy young woman.
a large banana momentarilyengaged her attention.
she nodded affably.
"you will stay with relatives until he arrives?"
pursued lady tozer.
the banana is a fruit of simple characteristics.
the girl was able toreply, with a touch of careless hauteur in her voice:"relatives!
we have none--none whom we specially cultivate, that is.
iwill stop in town a day or two to interview my dressmaker, and then gostraight to helmdale, our place in yorkshire."
"surely you have a chaperon!"
my dear lady tozer, did my father impress you as one whowould permit a fussy and stout old person to make my life miserable?"
the acidity of the retort lay in the word "stout."
but iris was notaccustomed to cross-examination.
during a three months' residence onthe island she had learnt how to avoid lady tozer.
here it wasimpossible, and the older woman fastened upon her asp-like.
miss irisdeane was a toothsome morsel for gossip.
not yet twenty-one, the onlydaughter of a wealthy baronet who owned a fleet of stately ships--the_sirdar_ amongst them--a girl who had been mistress of herfather's house since her return from dresden three years ago--young,beautiful, rich--here was a combination for which men thanked ajudicious heaven, whilst women sniffed enviously.
business detained sir arthur.
a war-cloud over-shadowed the two greatdivisions of the yellow race.
he must wait to see how mattersdeveloped, but he would not expose iris to the insidious treachery of achinese spring.
so, with tears, they separated.
she was confided to thepersonal charge of captain ross.
at each point of call the company'sagents would be solicitous for her welfare.
the cable's telegraphic eyewould watch her progress as that of some princely maiden sailing inroyal caravel.
this fair, slender, well-formed girl--delightfullyenglish in face and figure--with her fresh, clear complexion, limpidblue eyes, and shining brown hair, was a personage of some importance.
lady tozer knew these things and sighed complacently.
"ah, well," she resumed.
"parents had different views when i was agirl.
but i assume sir arthur thinks you should become used to beingyour own mistress in view of your approaching marriage."
cried iris, now genuinely amazed.
is it not true that you are going to marry lord ventnor?"
a passing steward heard the point-blank question.
it had a curious effect upon him.
he gazed with fiercely eager eyes atmiss deane, and so far forgot himself as to permit a dish of water iceto rest against sir john tozer's bald head.
iris could not help noting his strange behavior.
a flash of humorchased away her first angry resentment at lady tozer's interrogatory.
"that may be my happy fate," she answered gaily, "but lord ventnor hasnot asked me."
"every one says in hong kong--" began her ladyship.
"confound you, you stupid rascal!
what are you doing?"
his feeble nerves at last conveyed the information that somethingmore pronounced than a sudden draught affected his scalp; the ice wasmelting.
the incident amused those passengers who sat near enough to observe it.
but the chief steward, hovering watchful near the captain's table,darted forward.
pale with anger he hissed--"report yourself for duty in the second saloon tonight," and he hustledhis subordinate away from the judge's chair.
miss deane, mirthfully radiant, rose.
"please don't punish the man, mr. jones," she said sweetly.
"it was asheer accident.
he was taken by surprise.
in his place i would haveemptied the whole dish."
the chief steward smirked.
he did not know exactly what had happened;nevertheless, great though sir john tozer might be, the owner'sdaughter was greater.
"certainly, miss, certainly," he agreed, adding confidentially:--"it_is_ rather hard on a steward to be sent aft, miss.
it makes sucha difference in the--er--the little gratuities given by thepassengers."
the girl was tactful.
she smiled comprehension at the official and bentover sir john, now carefully polishing the back of his skull with atable napkin.
"i am sure you will forgive him," she whispered.
"i can't say why, butthe poor fellow was looking so intently at me that he did not see whathe was doing."
the ex-chief justice was instantly mollified.
he did not mind theapplication of ice in that way--rather liked it, in fact--probably icewas susceptible to the fire in miss deane's eyes.
lady tozer was not so easily appeased.
when iris left the saloon sheinquired tartly: "how is it, john, that government makes a shipowner abaronet and a chief justice only a knight?"
"that question would provide an interesting subject for debate at thecarlton, my dear," he replied with equal asperity.
suddenly the passengers still seated experienced a prolonged sinkingsensation, as if the vessel had been converted into a gigantic lift.
they were pressed hard into their chairs, which creaked and tried toswing round on their pivots.
as the ship yielded stiffly to the sea awhiff of spray dashed through an open port.
"there," snapped her ladyship, "i knew we should run into a storm, yetcaptain ross led us to believe---- john, take me to my cabin at once."
from the promenade deck the listless groups watched the rapid advanceof the gale.
there was mournful speculation upon the _sirdar's_chances of reaching singapore before the next evening.
"we had two hundred and ninety-eight miles to do at noon," saidexperience.
"if the wind and sea catch us on the port bow the ship willpitch awfully.
half the time the screw will be racing.
i once made thistrip in the _sumatra_, and we were struck by a south-east typhoonin this locality.
how long do you think it was before we dropped anchorin singapore harbor?"
no one hazarded a guess.
experience was solemnly pompous.
"three whole days.
theywere like three years.
i never want to see another gale likethat."
a timid lady ventured to say--"perhaps this may not be a typhoon.
it may only be a little bit ofa storm."
her sex saved her from a jeer.
experience gloomily shook his head.
"the barometer resists your plea," he said.
"i fear there will be agood many empty saddles in the saloon at dinner."
the lady smiled weakly.
it was a feeble joke at the best.
"you think weare in for a sort of marine steeple-chase?"
"well, thank heaven, i had a good lunch," sniggered a rosy-facedsubaltern, and a ripple of laughter greeted his enthusiasm.
iris stood somewhat apart from the speakers.
the wind had freshened andher hat was tied closely over her ears.
she leaned against thetaffrail, enjoying the cool breeze after hours of sultry heat.
the skywas cloudless yet, but there was a queer tinge of burnished copper inthe all-pervading sunshine.
the sea was coldly blue.
the life had goneout of it.
it was no longer inviting and translucent.
that morning,were such a thing practicable, she would have gladly dived into itscrystal depths and disported herself like a frolicsome mermaid.
nowsomething akin to repulsion came with the fanciful remembrance.
long sullen undulations swept noiselessly past the ship.
once, after asteady climb up a rolling hill of water, the _sirdar_ quicklypecked at the succeeding valley, and the propeller gave a couple ofangry flaps on the surface, whilst a tremor ran through the stout ironrails on which the girl's arms rested.
the crew were busy too.
squads of lascars raced about, industriouslyobedient to the short shrill whistling of jemadars and quartermasters.
boat lashings were tested and tightened, canvas awnings stretchedacross the deck forward, ventilator cowls twisted to new angles, andhatches clamped down over the wooden gratings that covered the holds.
officers, spotless in white linen, flitted quietly to and fro.
when thewatch was changed.
iris noted that the "chief" appeared in an old bluesuit and carried oilskins over his arm as he climbed to the bridge.
nature looked disturbed and fitful, and the ship responded to her mood.
there was a sense of preparation in the air, of coming ordeal, ofrestless foreboding.
chains clanked with a noise the girl never noticedbefore; the tramp of hurrying men on the hurricane deck overheadsounded heavy and hollow.
there was a squeaking of chairs that wasabominable when people gathered up books and wraps and staggeredungracefully towards the companion-way.
altogether miss deane was notwholly pleased with the preliminaries of a typhoon, whatever therealities might be.
and then, why did gales always spring up at the close of day?
couldthey not start after breakfast, rage with furious grandeur duringlunch, and die away peacefully at dinner-time, permitting one to sleepin comfort without that straining and groaning of the ship which seemedto imply a sharp attack of rheumatism in every joint?
why did that silly old woman allude to her contemplated marriage tolord ventnor, retailing the gossip of hong kong with such maliciousemphasis?
for an instant iris tried to shake the railing in comicanger.
she hated lord ventnor.
she did not want to marry him, oranybody else, just yet.
of course her father had hinted approval of hislordship's obvious intentions.
countess of ventnor!
yes, it was a nicetitle.
still, she wanted another couple of years of careless freedom;in any event, why should lady tozer pry and probe?
and finally, why did the steward--oh, poor old sir john!
what_would_ have happened if the ice had slid down his neck?
thoroughly comforted by this gleeful hypothesis, miss deane seized afavorable opportunity to dart across to the starboard side and see ifcaptain ross's "heavy bank of cloud in the north-west" had put in anappearance.
there it was, black, ominous, gigantic, rolling up over the horizonlike some monstrous football.
around it the sky deepened into purple,fringed with a wide belt of brick red.
she had never seen such abeginning of a gale.
from what she had read in books she imagined thatonly in great deserts were clouds of dust generated.
there could not bedust in the dense pall now rushing with giant strides across thetrembling sea.
then what was it?
why was it so dark and menacing?
andwhere was desert of stone and sand to compare with this awful expanseof water?
what a small dot was this great ship on the visible surface!
but the ocean itself extended away beyond there, reaching out to theinfinite.
the dot became a mere speck, undistinguishable beneath acelestial microscope such as the gods might condescend to use.
iris shivered and aroused herself with a startled laugh.
a nice book in a sheltered corner, and perhaps forty winks untiltea-time--surely a much more sensible proceeding than to stand there,idly conjuring up phantoms of affright.
the lively fanfare of the dinner trumpet failed to fill the saloon.
bythis time the _sirdar_ was fighting resolutely against a stiffgale.
but the stress of actual combat was better than the eeriesensation of impending danger during the earlier hours.
the strong,hearty pulsations of the engines, the regular thrashing of the screw,the steadfast onward plunging of the good ship through racing seas andflying scud, were cheery, confident, and inspiring.
miss deane justified her boast that she was an excellent sailor.
shesmiled delightedly at the ship's surgeon when he caught her eye throughthe many gaps in the tables.
she was alone, so he joined her.
"you are a credit to the company--quite a sea-king's daughter," hesaid.
"doctor, do you talk to all your lady passengers in that way?"
too often i can only be truthful when i am dumb."
"if i remain long on this ship i will certainly have myhead turned," she cried.
"i receive nothing but compliments from thecaptain down to--to----"the doctor!"
you come a good second on the list."
in very truth she was thinking of the ice-carrying steward and hisqueer start of surprise at the announcement of her rumored engagement.
the man interested her.
he looked like a broken-down gentleman.
herquick eyes traveled around the saloon to discover his whereabouts.
shecould not see him.
the chief steward stood near, balancing himself inapparent defiance of the laws of gravitation, for the ship was nowpitching and rolling with a mad zeal.
for an instant she meant toinquire what had become of the transgressor, but she dismissed thethought at its inception.
the matter was too trivial.
with a wild swoop all the plates, glasses, and cutlery on the saloontables crashed to starboard.
were it not for the restraint of thefiddles everything must have been swept to the floor.
there were one ortwo minor accidents.
a steward, taken unawares, was thrown headlong ontop of his laden tray.
others were compelled to clutch the backs ofchairs and cling to pillars.
one man involuntarily seized the hair of alady who devoted an hour before each meal to her coiffure.
the_sirdar_, with a frenzied bound, tried to turn a somersault.
"a change of course," observed the doctor.
"they generally try to avoidit when people are in the saloon, but a typhoon admits of no laboredpoliteness.
as its center is now right ahead we are going on thestarboard tack to get behind it."
"i must hurry up and go on deck," said miss deane.
"you will not be able to go on deck until the morning."
she turned on him impetuously.
"indeed i will.
captain ross promisedme--that is, i asked him----"the doctor smiled.
she was so charmingly insistent.
"it is simplyimpossible," he said.
"the companion doors are bolted.
the promenadedeck is swept by heavy seas every minute.
a boat has been carried awayand several stanchions snapped off like carrots.
for the first time inyour life, miss deane, you are battened down."
the girl's face must have paled somewhat.
he added hastily, "there isno danger, you know, but these precautions are necessary.
you would notlike to see several tons of water rushing down the saloon stairs; now,would you?"
then after a pause, "it is not pleasant to be fastenedup in a great iron box, doctor.
it reminds one of a huge coffin."
"not a bit.
the _sirdar_ is the safest ship afloat.
your fatherhas always pursued a splendid policy in that respect.
the london andhong kong company may not possess fast vessels, but they are seaworthyand well found in every respect."
"are there many people ill on board?"
"no; just the usual number of disturbed livers.
we had a nasty accidentshortly before dinner."
"some lascars were caught by a sea forward.
one man had his legbroken."
the doctor hesitated.
he became interested in the color of someburgundy.
"i hardly know the exact details yet," he replied.
"tomorrowafter breakfast i will tell you all about it."
an english quartermaster and four lascars had been licked from off theforecastle by the greedy tongue of a huge wave.
the succeeding surgeflung the five men back against the quarter.
one of the black sailorswas pitched aboard, with a fractured leg and other injuries.
the otherswere smashed against the iron hull and disappeared.
for one tremulous moment the engines slowed.
the ship commenced to veeroff into the path of the cyclone.
captain ross set his teeth, and thetelegraph bell jangled "full speed ahead."
"one of my best men.
i remember seeing hiswife, a pretty little woman, and two children coming to meet him lasthomeward trip.
they will be there again.
that lascar who wassaved has some one to await him in a bombay village, i suppose."
the gale sang a mad requiem to its victims.
the very surface was tornfrom the sea.
the ship drove relentlessly through sheets of spray thatcaused the officers high up on the bridge to gasp for breath.
they heldon by main force, though protected by strong canvas sheets bound to therails.
the main deck was quite impassable.
the promenade deck, even thelofty spar deck, was scourged with the broken crests of waves thattried with demoniac energy to smash in the starboard bow, for the_sirdar_ was cutting into the heart of the cyclone.
the captain fought his way to the charthouse.
he wiped the salt waterfrom his eyes and looked anxiously at the barometer.
"i will keep on until seven o'clock andthen bear three points to the southward.
by midnight we should bebehind it."
he struggled back into the outside fury.
by comparison the sturdycitadel he quitted was paradise on the edge of an inferno.
down in the saloon the hardier passengers were striving to subdue theennui of an interval before they sought their cabins.
onehardened reprobate strummed the piano.
others played cards, chess,draughts, anything that would distract attention.
the stately apartment offered strange contrast to the warring elementswithout.
bright lights, costly upholstery, soft carpets, carved panelsand gilded cornices, with uniformed attendants passing to and frocarrying coffee and glasses--these surroundings suggested a floatingpalace in which the raging seas were defied.
yet forty miles away,somewhere in the furious depths, four corpses swirled about withhorrible uncertainty, lurching through battling currents, and perchanceconvoyed by fighting sharks.
the surgeon had been called away.
iris was the only lady left in thesaloon.
she watched a set of whist players for a time and then essayedthe perilous passage to her stateroom.
she found her maid and astewardess there.
both women were weeping.
"what is the matter?"
the stewardess tried to speak.
she choked with grief and hastily wentout.
the maid blubbered an explanation.
"a friend of hers was married, miss, to the man who is drowned."
"haven't you heard, miss?
i suppose they are keeping it quiet.
anenglish sailor and some natives were swept off the ship by a sea.
onenative was saved, but he is all smashed up.
the others were never seenagain."
iris by degrees learnt the sad chronicles of the jackson family.
shewas moved to tears.
she remembered the doctor's hesitancy, and her ownidle phrase--"a huge coffin."
outside the roaring waves pounded upon the iron walls.
were they not satiated?
this tragedy had taken all the grandeur out ofthe storm.
it was no longer a majestic phase of nature's power, but animplacable demon, bellowing for a sacrifice.
and that poor woman, withher two children, hopefully scanning the shipping lists for news of thegreat steamer, news which, to her, meant only the safety of herhusband.
oh, it was pitiful!
iris would not be undressed.
the maid sniveled a request to be allowedto remain with her mistress.
she would lie on a couch until morning.
two staterooms had been converted into one to provide miss deane withample accommodation.
there were no bunks, but a cozy bed was screwed tothe deck.
she lay down, and strove to read.
it was a difficult task.
her eyes wandered from the printed page to mark the absurd antics ofher garments swinging on their hooks.
at times the ship rolled so farthat she felt sure it must topple over.
she was not afraid; butsubdued, rather astonished, placidly prepared for vague eventualities.
through it all she wondered why she clung to the belief that in anotherday or two the storm would be forgotten, and people playing quoits ondeck, dancing, singing coon songs in the music-room, or grumbling atthe heat.
things were ridiculous.
what need was there for all this external fury?
why should poor sailors be cast forth to instant death in such awfulmanner?
if she could only sleep and forget--if kind oblivion would blotout the storm for a few blissful hours!
but how could one sleep withthe consciousness of that watery giant thundering his summons upon theiron plates a few inches away?
then came the blurred picture of captain ross high up on the bridge,peering into the moving blackness.
how strange that there should behidden in the convolutions of a man's brain an intelligence that laidbare the pretences of that ravenous demon without.
each of the ship'sofficers, the commander more than the others, understood the why andthe wherefore of this blustering combination of wind and sea.
iris knewthe language of poker.
nature was putting up a huge bluff.
what was it the captain said in his little lecture?
"when a ship meetsa cyclone north of the equator on a westerly course she nearly alwayshas the wind at first on the port side, but, owing to the revolution ofthe gale, when she passes its center the wind is on the starboardside."
yes, that was right, as far as the first part was concerned.
evidentlythey had not yet passed the central path.
she was so tired.
it demanded a physical effort to constantly shove away an unseen forcethat tried to push you over.
how funny that a big cloud should travelup against the wind!
and so, amidst confused wonderment, she lapsedinto an uneasy slumber, her last sentient thought being a quietthankfulness that the screw went thud-thud, thud-thud with such firmdetermination.
after the course was changed and the _sirdar_ bore away towardsthe south-west, the commander consulted the barometer each half-hour.
the tell-tale mercury had sunk over two inches in twelve hours.
theabnormally low pressure quickly created dense clouds which enhanced themelancholy darkness of the gale.
for many minutes together the bows of the ship were not visible.
masthead and sidelights were obscured by the pelting scud.
the enginesthrust the vessel forward like a lance into the vitals of the storm.
wind and wave gushed out of the vortex with impotent fury.
at last, soon after midnight, the barometer showed a slight upwardmovement.
at 1.30 a.m. the change became pronounced; simultaneously thewind swung round a point to the westward.
then captain ross smiled wearily.
his face brightened.
he opened hisoilskin coat, glanced at the compass, and nodded approval.
"that's right," he shouted to the quartermaster at the steam-wheel.
"keep her steady there, south 15 west."
"south 15 west it is, sir," yelled the sailor, impassively watching themoving disk, for the wind alteration necessitated a little less helpfrom the rudder to keep the ship's head true to her course.
captain ross ate some sandwiches and washed them down with cold tea.
hewas more hungry than he imagined, having spent eleven hours withoutfood.
the tea was insipid.
he called through a speaking-tube for afurther supply of sandwiches and some coffee.
then he turned to consult a chart.
he was joined by the chief officer.
both men examined the chart in silence.
captain ross finally took a pencil.
he stabbed its point on the paperin the neighborhood of 14° n. and 112° e."we are about there, i think."
the chief agreed.
"that was the locality i had in my mind."
he bentcloser over the sheet.
"nothing in the way tonight, sir," he added.
it is a bit of good luck to meet such weather here.
we can keep as far south as we like until daybreak, and by thattime--how did it look when you came in?"
"a trifle better, i think."
"i have sent for some refreshments.
let us have another_dekko_[footnote: hindustani for "look"--word much used by sailorsin the east.]
before we tackle them."
the two officers passed out into the hurricane.
instantly the windendeavored to tear the charthouse from off the deck.
they looked aloftand ahead.
the officer on duty saw them and nodded silentcomprehension.
it was useless to attempt to speak.
the weather wasperceptibly clearer.
then all three peered ahead again.
they stood, pressing against thewind, seeking to penetrate the murkiness in front.
suddenly they weregalvanized into strenuous activity.
a wild howl came from the lookout forward.
the eyes of the three menglared at a huge dismasted chinese junk, wallowing helplessly in thetrough of the sea, dead under the bows.
the captain sprang to the charthouse and signaled in fierce pantomimethat the wheel should be put hard over.
the officer in charge of the bridge pressed the telegraph lever to"stop" and "full speed astern," whilst with his disengaged hand hepulled hard at the siren cord, and a raucous warning sent stewardsflying through the ship to close collision bulkhead doors.
the "chief"darted to the port rail, for the _sirdar's_ instant response tothe helm seemed to clear her nose from the junk as if by magic.
it all happened so quickly that whilst the hoarse signal was stillvibrating through the ship, the junk swept past her quarter.
the chiefofficer, joined now by the commander, looked down into the wretchedcraft.
they could see her crew lashed in a bunch around the capstan onher elevated poop.
she was laden with timber.
although water-logged,she could not sink if she held together.
a great wave sucked her away from the steamer and then hurled her backwith irresistible force.
the _sirdar_ was just completing herturning movement, and she heeled over, yielding to the mighty power ofthe gale.
for an appreciable instant her engines stopped.
the mass ofwater that swayed the junk like a cork lifted the great ship high bythe stern.
the propeller began to revolve in air--for the third officerhad corrected his signal to "full speed ahead" again--and the cumbrouschinese vessel struck the _sirdar_ a terrible blow in the counter,smashing off the screw close to the thrust-block and wrenching therudder from its bearings.
there was an awful race by the engines before the engineers could shutoff steam.
the junk vanished into the wilderness of noise and tumblingseas beyond, and the fine steamer of a few seconds ago, replete withmagnificent energy, struggled like a wounded leviathan in the grasp ofa vengeful foe.
she swung round, as if in wrath, to pursue the puny assailant which haddealt her this mortal stroke.
no longer breasting the storm withstubborn persistency, she now drifted aimlessly before wind and wave.
she was merely a larger plaything, tossed about by titantic gambols.
the junk was burst asunder by the collision.
her planks and cargolittered the waves, were even tossed in derision on to the decks of the_sirdar_.
of what avail was strong timber or bolted iron againstthe spleen of the unchained and formless monster who loudly proclaimedhis triumph?
the great steamship drifted on through chaos.
the typhoonhad broken the lance.
but brave men, skilfully directed, wrought hard to avert furtherdisaster.
after the first moment of stupor, gallant british sailorsrisked life and limb to bring the vessel under control.
by their calm courage they shamed the paralyzed lascars into activity.
a sail was rigged on the foremast, and a sea anchor hastily constructedas soon as it was discovered that the helm was useless.
rockets flaredup into the sky at regular intervals, in the faint hope that shouldthey attract the attention of another vessel she would follow thedisabled _sirdar_ and render help when the weather moderated.
when the captain ascertained that no water was being shipped, thedamage being wholly external, the collision doors were opened and thepassengers admitted to the saloon, a brilliant palace, superblyindifferent to the wreck and ruin without.
captain ross himself came down and addressed a few comforting words tothe quiet men and pallid women gathered there.
he told them exactlywhat had happened.
sir john tozer, self-possessed and critical, asked a question.
"the junk is destroyed, i assume?"
"would it not have been better to have struck her end on?"
"much better, but that is not the view we should take if we encountereda vessel relatively as big as the _sirdar_ was to the unfortunatejunk."
"but," persisted the lawyer, "what would have been the result?"
"you would never have known that the incident had happened, sir john."
"in other words, the poor despairing chinamen, clinging to their littlecraft with some chance of escape, would be quietly murdered to suit ourconvenience."
it was iris's clear voice that rang out this downright exposition ofthe facts.
sir john shook his head; he carried the discussion nofurther.
the hours passed in tedious misery after captain ross's visit.
everyone was eager to get a glimpse of the unknown terrors without from thedeck.
this was out of the question, so people sat around the tables tolisten eagerly to experience and his wise saws on drifting ships andtheir prospects.
some cautious persons visited their cabins to secure valuables in caseof further disaster.
a few hardy spirits returned to bed.
meanwhile, in the charthouse, the captain and chief officer weregravely pondering over an open chart, and discussing a fresh risk thatloomed ominously before them.
the ship was a long way out of her usualcourse when the accident happened.
she was drifting now, theyestimated, eleven knots an hour, with wind, sea, and current allforcing her in the same direction, drifting into one of the mostdangerous places in the known world, the south china sea, with itsnumberless reefs, shoals, and isolated rocks, and the great island ofborneo stretching right across the path of the cyclone.
still, there was nothing to be done save to make a few unobtrusivepreparations and trust to idle chance.
to attempt to anchor and rideout the gale in their present position was out of the question.
two, three, four o'clock came, and went.
another half-hour wouldwitness the dawn and a further clearing of the weather.
the barometerwas rapidly rising.
the center of the cyclone had swept far ahead.
there was only left the aftermath of heavy seas and furious butsteadier wind.
captain ross entered the charthouse for the twentieth time.
he had aged many years in appearance.
the smiling, confident, debonairofficer was changed into a stricken, mournful man.
he had altered withhis ship.
the _sirdar_ and her master could hardly be recognized,so cruel were the blows they had received.
"it is impossible to see a yard ahead," he confided to his second incommand.
"i have never been so anxious before in my life.
thank god thenight is drawing to a close.
perhaps, when day breaks----"his last words contained a prayer and a hope.
even as he spoke the shipseemed to lift herself bodily with an unusual effort for a vesselmoving before the wind.
the next instant there was a horrible grinding crash forward.
eachperson who did not chance to be holding fast to an upright was thrownviolently down.
the deck was tilted to a dangerous angle and remainedthere, whilst the heavy buffeting of the sea, now raging afresh at thisunlooked-for resistance, drowned the despairing yells raised by thelascars on duty.
the _sirdar_ had completed her last voyage.
she was now a batteredwreck on a barrier reef.
she hung thus for one heart-breaking second.
then another wave, riding triumphantly through its fellows, caught thegreat steamer in its tremendous grasp, carried her onward for half herlength and smashed her down on the rocks.
her back was broken.
sheparted in two halves.
both sections turned completely over in the utterwantonness of destruction, and everything--masts, funnels, boats, hull,with every living soul on board--was at once engulfed in a maelstrom ofrushing water and far-flung spray.
when the _sirdar_ parted amidships, the floor of the saloon heavedup in the center with a mighty crash of rending woodwork and iron.
menand women, too stupefied to sob out a prayer, were pitched headlonginto chaos.
iris, torn from the terrified grasp of her maid, fellthrough a corridor, and would have gone down with the ship had not asailor, clinging to a companion ladder, caught her as she whirled alongthe steep slope of the deck.
he did not know what had happened.
with the instinct ofself-preservation he seized the nearest support when the vessel struck.
it was the mere impulse of ready helpfulness that caused him to stretchout his left arm and clasp the girl's waist as she fluttered past.
byidle chance they were on the port side, and the ship, after pausing forone awful second, fell over to starboard.
the man was not prepared for this second gyration.
even as the stairwaycanted he lost his balance; they were both thrown violently through theopen hatchway, and swept off into the boiling surf.
under suchconditions thought itself was impossible.
a series of impressions, anumber of fantastic pictures, were received by the benumbed faculties,and afterwards painfully sorted out by the memory.
fear, anguish,amazement--none of these could exist.
all he knew was that the lifelessform of a woman--for iris had happily fainted--must be held until deathitself wrenched her from him.
then there came the headlong plunge intothe swirling sea, followed by an indefinite period of gasping oblivion.
something that felt like a moving rock rose up beneath his feet.
he wasdriven clear out of the water and seemed to recognize a familiar objectrising rigid and bright close at hand.
it was the binnacle pillar,screwed to a portion of the deck which came away from the charthouseand was rent from the upper framework by contact with the reef.
he seized this unlooked-for support with his disengaged hand.
for onefleet instant he had a confused vision of the destruction of the ship.
both the fore and aft portions were burst asunder by the force ofcompressed air.
wreckage and human forms were tossing about foolishly.
the sea pounded upon the opposing rocks with the noise of ten thousandmighty steam-hammers.
a uniformed figure--he thought it was the captain--stretched out anunavailing arm to clasp the queer raft which supported the sailor andthe girl.
but a jealous wave rose under the platform with devilishenergy and turned it completely over, hurling the man with hisinanimate burthen into the depths.
he rose, fighting madly for hislife.
now surely he was doomed!
but again, as if human existencedepended on naught more serious than the spinning of a coin, his kneesrested on the same few staunch timbers, now the ceiling of themusic-room, and he was given a brief respite.
his greatest difficultywas to get his breath, so dense was the spray through which he wasdriven.
even in that terrible moment he kept his senses.
the girl,utterly unconscious, showed by the convulsive heaving of her breastthat she was choking.
with a wild effort he swung her head round toshield her from the flying scud with his own form.
the tiny air-space thus provided gave her some relief, and in thatinstant the sailor seemed to recognize her.
he was not remotely capableof a definite idea.
just as he vaguely realized the identity of thewoman in his arms the unsteady support on which he rested toppled over.
again he renewed the unequal contest.
a strong resolute man and atyphoon sea wrestled for supremacy.
this time his feet plunged against something gratefully solid.
he wasdashed forward, still battling with the raging turmoil of water, and asecond time he felt the same firm yet smooth surface.
his dormantfaculties awoke.
it was sand.
with frenzied desperation, buoyed now bythe inspiring hope of safety, he fought his way onwards like a maniac.
often he fell, three times did the backwash try to drag him to theswirling death behind, but he staggered blindly on, on, until even thetearing gale ceased to be laden with the suffocating foam, and hisfaltering feet sank in deep soft white sand.
[illustration: with frenzied desperation, buoyed now by the inspiringhope of safety, he fought his way onward like a maniac.]
then he fell, not to rise again.
with a last weak flicker of exhaustedstrength he drew the girl closely to him, and the two lay, claspedtightly together, heedless now of all things.
how long the man remained prostrate he could only guess subsequently.
the _sirdar_ struck soon after daybreak and the sailor awoke to ahazy consciousness of his surroundings to find a shaft of sunshineflickering through the clouds banked up in the east.
the gale wasalready passing away.
although the wind still whistled with shrillviolence it was more blustering than threatening.
the sea, too, thoughrunning very high, had retreated many yards from the spot where he hadfinally dropped, and its surface was no longer scourged with venomousspray.
slowly and painfully he raised himself to a sitting posture, for he wasbruised and stiff.
with his first movement he became violently ill. hehad swallowed much salt water, and it was not until the spasm ofsickness had passed that he thought of the girl.
she had slipped from his breast as he rose, and was lying, facedownwards, in the sand.
the memory of much that had happened surgedinto his brain with horrifying suddenness.
"she cannot be dead," he hoarsely murmured, feebly trying to lift her.
"surely providence would not desert her after such an escape.
what aweak beggar i must be to give in at the last moment.
i am sure she wasliving when we got ashore.
what on earth can i do to revive her?"
forgetful of his own aching limbs in this newborn anxiety, he sank onone knee and gently pillowed iris's head and shoulders on the other.
her eyes were closed, her lips and teeth firmly set--a fact to whichshe undoubtedly owed her life, else she would have been suffocated--andthe pallor of her skin seemed to be that terrible bloodless hue whichindicates death.
the stern lines in the man's face relaxed, andsomething blurred his vision.
he was weak from exhaustion and want offood.
for the moment his emotions were easily aroused.
"oh, it is pitiful," he almost whimpered.
"it cannot be!"
with a gesture of despair he drew the sleeve of his thick jersey acrosshis eyes to clear them from the gathering mist.
then he tremblinglyendeavored to open the neck of her dress and unclasp her corsets.
hehad a vague notion that ladies in a fainting condition required suchtreatment, and he was desperately resolved to bring iris deane back toconscious existence if it were possible.
his task was rendereddifficult by the waistband of her dress.
he slipped out a clasp-knifeand opened the blade.
not until then did he discover that the nail of the forefinger on hisright hand had been torn out by the quick, probably during hisendeavors to grasp the unsteady support which contributed so materiallyto his escape.
it still hung by a shred and hindered the free use ofhis hand.
without any hesitation he seized the offending nail in histeeth and completed the surgical operation by a rapid jerk.
bending to resume his task he was startled to find the girl's eyes wideopen and surveying him with shadowy alarm.
she was quite conscious,absurdly so in a sense, and had noticed his strange action.
he cried hoarsely.
"you are alive."
her mind as yet could only work in a single groove.
"why did you do that?"
"bite your nail off!"
"it was in my way.
i wished to cut open your dress at the waist.
youwere collapsed, almost dead, i thought, and i wanted to unfasten yourcorsets."
her color came back with remarkable rapidity.
from all the rich varietyof the english tongue few words could have been selected of suchrestorative effect.
she tried to assume a sitting posture, and instinctively her handstraveled to her disarranged costume.
she said, with a little note of annoyance in hervoice, which sounded curiously hollow.
but her brave spirit could notyet command her enfeebled frame.
she was perforce compelled to sinkback to the support of his knee and arm.
"do you think you could lie quiet until i try to find some water?"
she nodded a childlike acquiescence, and her eyelids fell.
it was onlythat her eyes smarted dreadfully from the salt water, but the sailorwas sure that this was a premonition of a lapse to unconsciousness.
"please try not to faint again," he said.
"don't you think i had betterloosen these things?
you can breathe more easily."
a ghost of a smile flickered on her lips.
"no--no," she murmured.
"myeyes hurt me--that is all.
he laid her tenderly on the sand and rose to his feet.
his first glancewas towards the sea.
he saw something which made him blink withastonishment.
a heavy sea was still running over the barrier reef whichenclosed a small lagoon.
the contrast between the fierce commotionoutside and the comparatively smooth surface of the protected pool wasvery marked.
at low tide the lagoon was almost completely isolated.
indeed, he imagined that only a fierce gale blowing from the north-westwould enable the waves to leap the reef, save where a strip of brokenwater, surging far into the small natural harbor, betrayed the positionof the tiny entrance.
yet at this very point a fine cocoanut palm reared its stately columnhigh in air, and its long tremulous fronds were now swinging wildlybefore the gale.
from where he stood it appeared to be growing in themidst of the sea, for huge breakers completely hid the coralembankment.
this sentinel of the land had a weirdly impressive effect.
it was the only fixed object in the waste of foam-capped waves.
not avestige of the _sirdar_ remained seaward, but the sand waslittered with wreckage, and--mournful spectacle!--a considerable numberof inanimate human forms lay huddled up amidst the relics of thesteamer.
this discovery stirred him to action.
he turned to survey the land onwhich he was stranded with his helpless companion.
to his great reliefhe discovered that it was lofty and tree-clad.
he knew that the shipcould not have drifted to borneo, which still lay far to the south.
this must be one of the hundreds of islands which stud the china seaand provide resorts for haïnan fishermen.
probably it was inhabited,though he thought it strange that none of the islanders had put in anappearance.
in any event, water and food, of some sort, were assured.
but before setting out upon his quest two things demanded attention.
the girl must be removed from her present position.
it would be toohorrible to permit her first conscious gaze to rest upon those crumpledobjects on the beach.
common humanity demanded, too, that he shouldhastily examine each of the bodies in case life was not wholly extinct.
so he bent over the girl, noting with sudden wonder that, weak as shewas, she had managed to refasten part of her bodice.
"you must permit me to carry you a little further inland," he explainedgently.
without another word he lifted her in his arms, marveling somewhat atthe strength which came of necessity, and bore her some littledistance, until a sturdy rock, jutting out of the sand, offered shelterfrom the wind and protection from the sea and its revelations.
"i am so cold, and tired," murmured iris.
"is there any water?
mythroat hurts me."
he pressed back the tangled hair from her forehead as he might soothe achild.
"try to lie still for a very few minutes," he said.
"you have not long to suffer.
i will return immediately."
his own throat and palate were on fire owing to the brine, but he firsthurried back to the edge of the lagoon.
there were fourteen bodies inall, three women and eleven men, four of the latter being lascars.
thewomen were saloon passengers whom he did not know.
one of the men wasthe surgeon, another the first officer, a third sir john tozer.
therest were passengers and members of the crew.
they were all dead; somehad been peacefully drowned, others were fearfully mangled by therocks.
two of the lascars, bearing signs of dreadful injuries, werelying on a cluster of low rocks overhanging the water.
the remainderrested on the sand.
the sailor exhibited no visible emotion whilst he conducted his sadscrutiny.
when he was assured that this silent company was beyondmortal help he at once strode away towards the nearest belt of trees.
he could not tell how long the search for water might be protracted,and there was pressing need for it.
when he reached the first clump of brushwood he uttered a delightedexclamation.
there, growing in prodigal luxuriance, was the beneficentpitcher-plant, whose large curled-up leaf, shaped like a teacup, notonly holds a lasting quantity of rain-water, but mixes therewith itsown palatable and natural juices.
with his knife he severed two of the leaves, swearing emphatically thewhile on account of his damaged finger, and hastened to iris with theprecious beverage.
she heard him and managed to raise herself on anelbow.
the poor girl's eyes glistened at the prospect of relief.
without aword of question or surprise she swallowed the contents of both leaves.
then she found utterance.
"how odd it tastes!
what is it?"
but the eagerness with which she quenched her thirst renewed his ownmomentarily forgotten torture.
his tongue seemed to swell.
he wasabsolutely unable to reply.
the water revived iris like a magic draught.
her quick intuition toldher what had happened.
"you have had none yourself," she cried.
"go at once and get some.
andplease bring me some more."
he required no second bidding.
after hastily gulping down the contentsof several leaves he returned with a further supply.
iris was nowsitting up.
the sun had burst royally through the clouds, and herchilled limbs were gaining some degree of warmth and elasticity.
"what is it?"
she repeated after another delicious draught.
"the leaf of the pitcher-plant.
nature is not always cruel.
in anunusually generous mood she devised this method of storing water."
miss deane reached out her hand for more.
her troubled brain refused towonder at such a reply from an ordinary seaman.
the sailor deliberatelyspilled the contents of a remaining leaf on the sand.
"no, madam," he said, with an odd mixture of deference and firmness.
"no more at present.
i must first procure you some food."
she looked up at him in momentary silence.
"the ship is lost?"
she said after a pause.
"are we the only people saved?"
"i fear so."
"is this a desert island?"
"i think not, madam.
it may, by chance, be temporarily uninhabited, butfishermen from china come to all these places to collect tortoise-shelland _bêche-de-mer_.
i have seen no other living beings exceptourselves; nevertheless, the islanders may live on the south side."
amidst the thrilling sensations of the moment iris foundherself idly speculating as to the meaning of _bêche-de-mer_, andwhy this common sailor pronounced french so well.
her thoughts revertedto the steamer.
"it surely cannot be possible that the _sirdar_ has gone topieces--a magnificent vessel of her size and strength?"
he answered quietly--"it is too true, madam.
i suppose you hardly knewshe struck, it happened so suddenly.
afterwards, fortunately for you,you were unconscious."
"how do you know?"
she inquired quickly.
a flood of vivid recollectionwas pouring in upon her.
"i--er--well, i happened to be near you, madam, when the ship broke up,and we--er--drifted ashore together."
she rose and faced him.
"i remember now," she cried hysterically.
"youcaught me as i was thrown into the corridor.
we fell into the sea whenthe vessel turned over.
you have saved my life.
were it not for you icould not possibly have escaped."
she gazed at him more earnestly, seeing that he blushed beneath thecrust of salt and sand that covered his face.
"why," she went on withgrowing excitement, "you are the steward i noticed in the saloonyesterday.
how is it that you are now dressed as a sailor?"
he answered readily enough.
"there was an accident on board during thegale, madam.
i am a fair sailor but a poor steward, so i applied for atransfer.
as the crew were short-handed my offer was accepted."
iris was now looking at him intently.
"you saved my life," she repeated slowly.
it seemed that this obviousfact needed to be indelibly established in her mind.
indeed the girlwas overwrought by all that she had gone through.
only by degrees wereher thoughts marshaling themselves with lucid coherence.
as yet, sherecalled so many dramatic incidents that they failed to assume dueproportion.
but quickly there came memories of captain ross, of sir john and ladytozer, of the doctor, her maid, the hundred and one individualities ofher pleasant life aboard ship.
could it be that they were all dead?
thenotion was monstrous.
but its ghastly significance was instantly bornein upon her by the plight in which she stood.
her lips quivered; thetears trembled in her eyes.
"is it really true that all the ship's company except ourselves arelost?"
she brokenly demanded.
the sailor's gravely earnest glance fell before hers.
"unhappily thereis no room for doubt," he said.
"are you quite, quite sure?"
"i am sure--of some."
involuntarily he turned seawards.
she understood him.
she sank to her knees, covered her face with herhands, and broke into a passion of weeping.
with a look of infinitepity he stooped and would have touched her shoulder, but he suddenlyrestrained the impulse.
something had hardened this man.
it cost him aneffort to be callous, but he succeeded.
his mouth tightened and hisexpression lost its tenderness.
"come, come, my dear lady," he exclaimed, and there was a tinge ofstudied roughness in his voice, "you must calm yourself.
it is thefortune of shipwreck as well as of war, you know.
we are alive and mustlook after ourselves.
those who have gone are beyond our help."
"but not beyond our sympathy," wailed iris, uncovering her swimmingeyes for a fleeting look at him.
even in the utter desolation of themoment she could not help marveling that this queer-mannered sailor,who spoke like a gentleman and tried to pose as her inferior, who hadrescued her with the utmost gallantry, who carried his quixotic zeal tothe point of first supplying her needs when he was in far worse casehimself, should be so utterly indifferent to the fate of others.
he waited silently until her sobs ceased.
"now, madam," he said, "it is essential that we should obtain somefood.
i don't wish to leave you alone until we are better acquaintedwith our whereabouts.
can you walk a little way towards the trees, orshall i assist you?"
iris immediately stood up.
she pressed her hair back defiantly.
"certainly i can walk," she answered.
"what do you propose to do?"
"well, madam--""what is your name?"
she interrupted imperiously.
now, listen, mr. robert jenks.
my name is miss iris deane.
on board ship i was a passenger and you were a steward--that is, untilyou became a seaman.
here we are equals in misfortune, but in all elseyou are the leader--i am quite useless.
i can only help in matters byyour direction, so i do not wish to be addressed as 'madam' in everybreath.
do you understand me?"
conscious that her large blue eyes were fixed indignantly upon him mr.robert jenks repressed a smile.
she was still hysterical and must behumored in her vagaries.
what an odd moment for a discussion onetiquette!
"as you wish, miss deane," he said.
"the fact remains that i have manythings to attend to, and we really must eat something."
"what can we eat?"
"let us find out," he replied, scanning the nearest trees with keenscrutiny.
they plodded together through the sand in silence.
physically, theywere a superb couple, but in raiment they resembled scarecrows.
both,of course, were bare-headed.
the sailor's jersey and trousers were oldand torn, and the sea-water still soughed loudly in his heavy bootswith each step.
but iris was in a deplorable plight.
her hair fell in a great wave ofgolden brown strands over her neck and shoulders.
every hairpin hadvanished, but with a few dexterous twists she coiled the flying tressesinto a loose knot.
her beautiful muslin dress was rent and draggled.
itwas drying rapidly under the ever-increasing power of the sun, and shesurreptitiously endeavored to complete the fastening of the openportion about her neck.
other details must be left until a morefavorable opportunity.
she recalled the strange sight that first met her eyes when sherecovered consciousness.
"you hurt your finger," she said abruptly.
"let me see it."
they had reached the shelter of the trees, pleasantly grateful now, sopowerful are tropical sunbeams at even an early hour.
he held out his right hand without looking at her.
indeed, his eyes hadbeen studiously averted during the past few minutes.
her womanlyfeelings were aroused by the condition of the ragged wound.
"oh, you poor fellow," she said.
"how awful it must be!
how did ithappen?
let me tie it up."
"it is not so bad now," he said.
"it has been well soaked in saltwater, you know.
i think the nail was torn off when we--when a piece ofwreckage miraculously turned up beneath us."
iris shredded a strip from her dress.
she bound the finger with defttenderness.
"thank you," he said simply.
then he gave a glad shout.
missdeane, we are in luck's way.
there is a fine plantain tree."
the pangs of hunger could not be resisted.
although the fruit washardly ripe they tore at the great bunches and ate ravenously.
irismade no pretence in the matter, and the sailor was in worse plight, forhe had been on duty continuously since four o'clock the previousafternoon.
at last their appetite was somewhat appeased, though plantains mightnot appeal to a gourmand as the solitary joint.
"now," decided jenks, "you must rest here a little while, miss deane.
iam going back to the beach.
you need not be afraid.
there are noanimals to harm you, and i will not be far away."
"what are you going to do on the beach?"
"to rescue stores, for the most part."
"may i not come with you--i can be of some little service, surely?"
he answered slowly: "please oblige me by remaining here at present.
inless than an hour i will return, and then, perhaps, you will findplenty to do."
she read his meaning intuitively and shivered.
"i could not do_that_," she murmured.
"i would faint.
whilst you are away i willpray for them--my unfortunate friends."
as he passed from her side he heard her sobbing quietly.
when he reached the lagoon he halted suddenly.
something startled him.
he was quite certain that he had counted fourteen corpses.
now therewere only twelve.
the two lascars' bodies, which rested on the smallgroup of rocks on the verge of the lagoon, had vanished.
where had they gone to?
the sailor wasted no time in idle bewilderment.
he searched carefullyfor traces of the missing lascars.
he came to the conclusion that thebodies had been dragged from off the sun-dried rocks into the lagoon bysome agency the nature of which he could not even conjecture.
they were lying many feet above the sea-level when he last saw them,little more than half an hour earlier.
at that point the beach shelvedrapidly.
he could look far into the depths of the rapidly clearingwater.
nothing was visible there save several varieties of small fish.
the incident puzzled and annoyed him.
still thinking about it, he satdown on the highest rock and pulled off his heavy boots to empty thewater out.
he also divested himself of his stockings and spread themout to dry.
the action reminded him of miss deane's necessities.
he hurried to apoint whence he could call out to her and recommend her to dry some ofher clothing during his absence.
he retired even more quickly, fearinglest he should be seen.
iris had already displayed to the sunlight alarge portion of her costume.
without further delay he set about a disagreeable but necessary task.
from the pockets of the first officer and doctor he secured tworevolvers and a supply of cartridges, evidently intended to settle anydispute which might have arisen between the ship's officers and thenative members of the crew.
he hoped the cartridges were uninjured; buthe could not test them at the moment for fear of alarming miss deane.
both officers carried pocket-books and pencils.
in one of these,containing dry leaves, the sailor made a careful inventory of the moneyand other valuable effects he found upon the dead, besides noting namesand documents where possible.
curiously enough, the capitalist of thisisland morgue was a lascar jemadar, who in a belt around his waisthoarded more than one hundred pounds in gold.
the sailor tied in ahandkerchief all the money he collected, and ranged pocket-books,letters, and jewelry in separate little heaps.
then he stripped the menof their boots and outer clothing.
he could not tell how long the girland he might be detained on the island before help came, and freshgarments were essential.
it would be foolish sentimentality to trust tostores thrown ashore from the ship.
nevertheless, when it became necessary to search and disrobe the womenhe almost broke down.
for an instant he softened.
gulping back hisemotions with a savage imprecation he doggedly persevered.
at last hepaused to consider what should be done with the bodies.
his firstintent was to scoop a large hole in the sand with a piece of timber;but when he took into consideration the magnitude of the laborinvolved, requiring many hours of hard work and a waste of precioustime which might be of infinite value to his helpless companion andhimself, he was forced to abandon the project.
it was not onlyimpracticable but dangerous.
again he had to set his teeth with grim resolution.
one by one thebodies were shot into the lagoon from the little quay of rock.
he knewthey would not be seen again.
he was quite unnerved now.
he felt as if he had committed a colossalcrime.
in the smooth water of the cove a number of black fins werecutting arrow-shaped ripples.
the sharks were soon busy.
god's providence had ferried him and the girl across that very place afew hours ago.
how wonderful that he and she should be snatched fromthe sea whilst hundreds perished!
why was it?
and those others--whywere they denied rescue?
for an instant he was nearer to prayer than hehad been for years.
some lurking fiend of recollection sprang from out the vista of bygoneyears and choked back the impulse.
he arose and shook himself like adog.
there was much to be done.
he gathered the clothes and otherarticles into a heap and placed portions of shattered packing-casesnear--to mislead iris.
whilst thus engaged he kicked up out of the sanda rusty kriss, or malay sword.
the presence of this implement startledhim.
he examined it slowly and thrust it out of sight.
then he went back to her, after donning his stockings and boots, nowthoroughly dry.
"are you ready now, miss deane?"
he sang out cheerily.
i have been waiting for you."
jenks chuckled quietly.
"i must guard my tongue: it betrays me," hesaid to himself.
iris joined him.
by some mysterious means she had effected greatimprovement in her appearance.
yet there were manifest gaps.
"if only i had a needle and thread--" she began.
"if that is all," said the sailor, fumbling in his pockets.
he produceda shabby little hussif, containing a thimble, scissors, needles andsome skeins of unbleached thread.
case and contents were sodden orrusted with salt water, but the girl fastened upon this treasure with asigh of deep content.
"now, please," she cried, "i want a telegraph office and a ship."
it was impossible to resist the infection of her high spirits.
thistime he laughed without concealment.
"we will look for them, miss deane.
meanwhile, will you oblige me bywearing this?
the sun is climbing up rapidly."
he handed her a sou'wester which he carried.
he had secured another forhimself.
the merriment died away from her face.
she remembered hiserrand.
being an eminently sensible young woman she made no protest,even forcing herself to tie the strings beneath her chin.
when they reached the sands she caught sight of the pile of clothes andthe broken woodwork, with the small heaps of valuables methodicallyarranged.
the harmless subterfuge did not deceive her.
she darted aquick look of gratitude at her companion.
how thoughtful he was!
aftera fearful glance around she was reassured, though she wondered what hadbecome of--them.
"i see you have been busy," she said, nodding towards the clothes andboots.
it was his turn to steal a look of sharp inquiry.
'twere an easier taskto read the records of time in the solid rock than to glean knowledgefrom the girl's face.
"yes," he replied simply.
"lucky find, wasn't it?"
when they are quite dry i will replenish my wardrobe.
what is the first thing to be done?"
"well, miss deane, i think our programme is, in the first place, toexamine the articles thrown ashore and see if any of the cases containfood.
secondly, we should haul high and dry everything that may be ofuse to us, lest the weather should break again and the next tide sweepaway the spoil.
thirdly, we should eat and rest, and finally, we mustexplore the island before the light fails.
i am convinced we are alonehere.
it is a small place at the best, and if any chinamen were ashorethey would have put in an appearance long since."
"do you think, then, that we may remain here long?"
"it is impossible to form an opinion on that point.
help may come in aday.
on the other hand----""yes?"
"it is a wise thing, miss deane, to prepare for other contingencies."
she stood still, and swept the horizon with comprehensive eyes.
thestorm had vanished.
masses of cloud were passing away to the west,leaving a glorious expanse of blue sky.
already the sea was calming.
huge breakers roared over the reef, but beyond it the waves weresubsiding into a heavy unbroken swell.
the sailor watched her closely.
in the quaint oilskin hat and hertattered muslin dress she looked bewitchingly pretty.
she reminded himof a well-bred and beautiful society lady whom he once saw figuring asgrace darling at a fashionable bazaar.
but miss iris's thoughts were serious.
"do you mean," she said slowly, without moving her gaze from thedistant meeting-place of sky and water, "that we may be imprisoned herefor weeks, perhaps months?"
"if you cast your mind back a few hours you will perhaps admit that weare very fortunate to be here at all."
she whisked round upon him.
"do not fence with my question, mr. jenks.
there was a perceptible return of his stubborn cynicism whenhe spoke.
"the facts are obvious, miss deane.
the loss of the _sirdar_ willnot be definitely known for many days.
it will be assumed that she hasbroken down.
the agents in singapore will await cabled tidings of herwhereabouts.
she might have drifted anywhere in that typhoon.
ultimately they will send out a vessel to search, impelled to thatcourse a little earlier by your father's anxiety.
i did notintend to pain you.
i am speaking my mind."
"go on," said iris bravely.
"the relief ship must search the entire china sea.
the gale might havedriven a disabled steamer north, south, east or west.
a typhoon travelsin a whirling spiral, you see, and the direction of a drifting shipdepends wholly upon the locality where she sustained damage.
the coastsof china, java, borneo, and the philippines are not equipped withlighthouses on every headland and cordoned with telegraph wires.
thereare river pirates and savage races to be reckoned with.
casting asideall other possibilities, and assuming that a prompt search is made tothe south of our course, this part of the ocean is full of reefs andsmall islands, some inhabited permanently, others visited occasionallyby fishermen."
he was about to add something, but checked himself.
"to sum up," he continued hurriedly, "we may have to remain here formany days, even months.
there is always a chance of speedy help.
wemust act, however, on the basis of detention for an indefinite period.
i am discussing appearances as they are.
a survey of the island maychange all these views."
"in what way?"
he turned and pointed to the summit of the tree-covered hill behindthem.
"from that point," he said, "we may see other and larger islands.
ifso, they will certainly be inhabited.
i am surprised this one is not."
he ended abruptly.
they were losing time.
before iris could join him hewas already hauling a large undamaged case out of the water.
he laughed unmirthfully.
he said, "a good brand, too!"
this man was certainly an enigma.
iris wrinkled her pretty forehead inthe effort to place him in a fitting category.
his words and accentwere those of an educated gentleman, yet his actions and manners werestudiously uncouth when he thought she was observing him.
the veneer ofroughness puzzled her.
that he was naturally of refined temperament sheknew quite well, not alone by perception but by the plain evidence ofhis earlier dealings with her.
then why this affectation of coarseness,this borrowed aroma of the steward's mess and the forecastle?
to the best of her ability she silently helped in the work of salvage.
they made a queer collection.
a case of champagne, and another ofbrandy.
a box of books.
a pair of night glasses.
severalboxes of ship's biscuits, coated with salt, but saved by theirhardness, having been immersed but a few seconds.
two large cases ofhams in equally good condition.
some huge dish-covers.
a bit of twistedironwork, and a great quantity of cordage and timber.
there was one very heavy package which their united strength could notlift.
the sailor searched round until he found an iron bar that couldbe wrenched from its socket.
with this he pried open the strong outercover and revealed the contents--regulation boxes of lee-metfordammunition, each containing 500 rounds.
he cried, "now we want some rifles."
"what good would they be?"
he softly denounced himself as a fool, but he answered at once: "toshoot birds, of course, miss deane.
there are plenty here, and many ofthem are edible."
"you have two revolvers and some cartridges."
they are useful in a way, but not for pot hunting."
"how stupid of me!
what you really need is a shot-gun."
he smiled grimly.
at times his sense of humor forced a way through theoutward shield of reserve, of defiance it might be.
"the only persons i ever heard of," he said, "who landed undercompulsion on a desert island with a ship-load of requisites, were theswiss family robinson."
cried iris irrelevantly; "i had not even thought ofrobinson crusoe until this moment.
isn't it odd?
i--we--"she pulled herself up short, firmly resolved not to blush.
withoutflinching she challenged him to complete her sentence.
he dared not doit.
he could not be mean enough to take advantage of her slip.
instantly he helped her embarrassment.
"i hope the parallel will nothold good," he said.
"in any event, you, miss deane, fill a part lessfamiliar in fiction."
the phrase was neat.
it meant much or little, as fancy dictated.
irisat first felt profoundly grateful for his tact.
thinking the words overat leisure she became hot and very angry.
they worked in silence for another hour.
the sun was nearing thezenith.
they were distressed with the increasing heat of the day.
jenkssecured a ham and some biscuits, some pieces of driftwood and thebinoculars, and invited miss deane to accompany him to the grove.
sheobeyed without a word, though she wondered how he proposed to light afire.
to contribute something towards the expected feast she picked upa dish-cover and a bottle of champagne.
the sailor eyed the concluding item with disfavor.
"not whilst the sunis up."
"in the evening, yes."
"it was for you," explained iris, coldly.
"i do not drink wine."
"you must break the pledge whilst you are here, miss deane.
it is oftenvery cold at night in this latitude.
a chill would mean fever andperhaps death."
"what a strange man!"
murmured the girl.
she covertly watched his preparations.
he tore a dry leaf from anotebook and broke the bullet out of a cartridge, damping the powderwith water from a pitcher-plant.
smearing the composition on the paper,he placed it in the sun, where it dried at once.
he gathered a smallbundle of withered spines from the palms, and arranged the driftwood ontop, choosing a place for his bonfire just within the shade.
then,inserting the touch-paper among the spines, he unscrewed one of thelenses of the binoculars, converted it into a burning-glass, and had afine blaze roaring merrily in a few minutes.
with the aid of pointedsticks he grilled some slices of ham, cut with his clasp-knife, whichhe first carefully cleaned in the earth.
the biscuits were of thevariety that become soft when toasted, and so he balanced a few bystones near the fire.
iris forgot her annoyance in her interest.
a most appetizing smellfilled the air.
they were having a picnic amidst delightfulsurroundings.
yesterday at this time--she almost yielded to a rush ofsentiment, but forced it back with instant determination.
tears were apoor resource, unmindful of god's goodness to herself and hercompanion.
without the sailor what would have become of her, even wereshe thrown ashore while still living?
she knew none of the expedientswhich seemed to be at his command.
it was a most ungrateful proceedingto be vexed with him for her own thoughtless suggestion that sheoccupied a new rôle as mrs. crusoe.
"can i do nothing to help?"
so contrite was her tonethat jenks was astonished.
"yes," he said, pointing to the dish-cover.
"if you polish the top ofthat with your sleeve it will serve as a plate.
luncheon is ready."
he neatly dished up two slices of ham on a couple of biscuits andhanded them to her, with the clasp-knife.
"i can depend on my fingers," he explained.
"it will not be the firsttime."
"have you led an adventurous life?"
she asked, by way of politeconversation.
"no," he growled.
"i only thought so because you appear to know all sorts of dodges forprolonging existence--things i never heard of."
"broiled ham--and biscuits--for instance?"
at another time iris would have snapped at him for the retort.
stillhumbly regretful for her previous attitude she answered meekly--"yes, in this manner of cooking them, i mean.
but there are otheritems--methods of lighting fires, finding water, knowing what fruitsand other articles may be found on a desert island, such as plantainsand cocoanuts, certain sorts of birds--and _bêche-de-mer_."
for the life of her she could not tell why she tacked on that weirditem to her list.
the sailor inquired, more civilly--"then you are acquainted withtrepang?"
"trepang--_bêche-de-mer_, you know."
iris made a desperate guess.
"yes," she said, demurely.
"it makesbeautiful backs for hair brushes.
and it looks so nice as a frame forplatinotype photographs.
i have--"jenks swallowed a large piece of ham and became very red.
at last hemanaged to say--"i beg your pardon.
you are thinking of tortoise-shell.
_bêche-de-mer_ is a sort of marine slug."
she had discovered at an early age the tactical value of this remark,and the experience of maturer years confirmed the success of juvenileefforts to upset the equanimity of governesses.
even the sailor wassilenced.
talk ceased until the meal was ended.
jenks sprang lightly to his feet.
rest and food had restored his faculties.
the girl thought dreamily, ashe stood there in his rough attire, that she had never seen a finerman.
he was tall, sinewy, and well formed.
in repose his face waspleasant, if masterful.
its somewhat sullen, self-contained expressionwas occasional and acquired.
she wondered how he could be so energetic.
personally she was consumed with sleepiness.
he produced a revolver.
"do you mind if i fire a shot to test these cartridges?"
"the powder is all right, but the fulminate in the caps may bedamaged."
she agreed promptly.
he pointed the weapon at a cluster of cocoanuts,and there was a loud report.
two nuts fell to the ground, and the airwas filled with shrill screams and the flapping of innumerable wings.
iris was momentarily dismayed, but her senses confirmed the sailor'sexplanation--"sea-birds."
he reloaded the empty chamber, and was about to say something, when aqueer sound, exactly resembling the gurgling of water poured from alarge bottle, fell upon their ears.
it came from the interior of thegrove, and the two exchanged a quick look of amazed questioning.
jenkstook a hasty step in the direction of the noise, but he stopped andlaughed at his own expense.
iris liked the sound of his mirth.
it wasgenuine, not forced.
"i remember now," he explained.
"the wou-wou monkey cries in thatpeculiar warble.
the presence of the animal here shows that the islandhas been inhabited at some time."
repeated the girl.
"then you have been in this part ofthe world before?"
i mean i have read about it."
twice in half an hour had he curtly declined to indulge in personalreminiscences.
"can you use a revolver?"
he went on.
"my father taught me.
he thinks every woman should know how to defendherself if need be."
well, miss deane, you must try to sleep for a couple ofhours.
i purpose examining the coast for some distance on each side.
should you want me, a shot will be the best sort of signal."
"i am very tired," she admitted.
"oh, i am all right.
i feel restless; that is, i mean i will not beable to sleep until night comes, and before we climb the hill to surveyour domain i want to find better quarters than we now possess."
perhaps, were she less fatigued, she would have caught the vagueanxiety, the note of distrust, in his voice.
but the carpet of sand andleaves on which she lay was very seductive.
her eyes closed.
shenestled into a comfortable position, and slept.
the man looked at her steadily for a little while.
then he moved therevolver out of harm's way to a spot where she must see it instantly,pulled his sou'wester well over his eyes and walked off quietly.
they were flung ashore on the north-west side of the island.
except forthe cove formed by the coral reef, with its mysterious palm-treegrowing apparently in the midst of the waves, the shape of the coastwas roughly that of the concave side of a bow, the two visibleextremities being about three-quarters of a mile apart.
he guessed, by the way in which the sea raced past these points, thatthe land did not extend beyond them.
behind him, it rose steeply to aconsiderable height, 150 or 200 feet.
in the center was the tallesthill, which seemed to end abruptly towards the south-west.
on thenorth-east side it was connected with a rocky promontory by a ridge ofeasy grade.
the sailor turned to the south-west, as offering the mostlikely direction for rapid survey.
he followed the line of vegetation; there the ground was firm andlevel.
there was no suggestion of the mariner's roll in his steadygait.
alter his clothing, change the heavy boots into spurredwellingtons, and he would be the _beau idéal_ of a cavalrysoldier, the order of melchisedec in the profession of arms.
he was not surprised to find that the hill terminated in a sheer wallof rock, which stood out, ominous and massive, from the wealth ofverdure clothing the remainder of the ridge.
facing the precipice, andseparated from it by a strip of ground not twenty feet above thesea-level in the highest part, was another rock-built eminence, quitebare of trees, blackened by the weather and scarred in a manner thatattested the attacks of lightning.
he whistled softly.
"volcanic, and highlymineralized."
the intervening belt was sparsely dotted with trees, casuarinas, poon,and other woods he did not know, resembling ebony and cedar.
a numberof stumps showed that the axe had been at work, but not recently.
hepassed into the cleft and climbed a tree that offered easy access.
ashe expected, after rising a few feet from the ground, his eyesencountered the solemn blue line of the sea, not half a mile distant.
he descended and commenced a systematic search.
men had been here.
wasthere a house?
would he suddenly encounter some hermit malay orchinaman?
at the foot of the main cliff was a cluster of fruit-bearing trees,plantains, areca-nuts, and cocoa-palms.
a couple of cinchonas caughthis eye.
in one spot the undergrowth was rank and vividly green.
thecassava, or tapioca plant, reared its high, passion-flower leaves abovethe grass, and some sago-palms thrust aloft their thick-stemmed trunks.
"here is a change of menu, at any rate," he communed.
breaking a thick branch off a poon tree he whittled away the minorstems.
a strong stick was needful to explore that leafy fastnessthoroughly.
a few cautious strides and vigorous whacks with the stick laid bare thecause of such prodigality in a soil covered with drifted sand and lumpsof black and white speckled coral.
the trees and bushes enclosed awell--safe-guarded it, in fact, from being choked with sand during thefirst gale that blew.
delighted with this discovery, more precious than diamonds at themoment, for he doubted the advisability of existing on the water supplyof the pitcher-plant, he knelt to peer into the excavation.
the wellhad been properly made.
ten feet down he could see the reflection ofhis face.
expert hands had tapped the secret reservoir of the island.
by stretching to the full extent of his arm, he managed to plunge thestick into the water.
tasting the drops, he found that they were quitesweet.
the sand and porous rock provided the best of filter-beds.
he rose, wall pleased, and noted that on the opposite side theappearance of the shrubs and tufts of long grass indicated theexistence of a grown-over path towards the cliff.
he followed it,walking carelessly, with eyes seeking the prospect beyond, whensomething rattled and cracked beneath his feet.
looking down, he washorrified to find he was trampling on a skeleton.
had a venomous snake coiled its glistening folds around his leg hewould not have been more startled.
but this man of iron nerve soonrecovered.
he frowned deeply after the first involuntary heart-throb.
with the stick he cleared away the undergrowth, and revealed theskeleton of a man.
the bones were big and strong, but oxidized by theaction of the air.
jenks had injured the left tibia by his tread, butthree fractured ribs and a smashed shoulder-blade told some terribleunwritten story.
beneath the mournful relics were fragments of decayed cloth.
it wasblue serge.
lying about were a few blackened objects--brass buttonsmarked with an anchor.
the dead man's boots were in the best state ofpreservation, but the leather had shrunk and the nails protruded likefangs.
a rusted pocket-knife lay there, and on the left breast of the skeletonrested a round piece of tin, the top of a canister, which might havereposed in a coat pocket.
jenks picked it up.
some curious marks andfigures were punched into its surface.
after a hasty glance he put itaside for more leisurely examination.
no weapon was visible.
he could form no estimate as to the cause of thedeath of this poor unknown, nor the time since the tragedy hadoccurred.
jenks must have stood many minutes before he perceived that theskeleton was headless.
at first he imagined that in rummaging aboutwith the stick he had disturbed the skull.
but the most minute searchdemonstrated that it had gone, had been taken away, in fact, for theplants which so effectually screened the lighter bones would not permitthe skull to vanish.
then the frown on the sailor's face became threatening, thunderous.
herecollected the rusty kriss.
indistinct memories of strange tales ofthe china sea crowded unbidden to his brain.
he growled fiercely.
"a ship's officer, an englishmanprobably, murdered by head-hunting dyak pirates!"
if they came once they would come again.
five hundred yards away iris deane was sleeping.
he ought not to haveleft her alone.
and then, with the devilish ingenuity of coincidence, arevolver shot awoke the echoes, and sent all manner of wildfowlhurtling through the trees with clamorous outcry.
panting and wild-eyed, jenks was at the girl's side in an inconceivablyshort space of time.
she was not beneath the shelter of the grove, buton the sands, gazing, pallid in cheek and lip, at the group of rocks onthe edge of the lagoon.
"what is the matter?"
"oh, i don't know," she wailed brokenly.
"i had a dream, such ahorrible dream.
you were struggling with some awful thing down there."
she pointed to the rocks.
"i was not near the place," he said laboriously.
it cost him an effortto breathe.
his broad chest expanded inches with each respiration.
"yes, yes, i understand.
but i awoke and ran to save you.
when i gothere i saw something, a thing with waving arms, and fired.
it vanished,and then you came."
the sailor walked slowly to the rocks.
a fresh chip out of the stoneshowed where the bullet struck.
one huge boulder was wet, as if waterhad been splashed over it.
he halted and looked intently into thewater.
not a fish was to be seen, but small spirals of sand wereeddying up from the bottom, where it shelved steeply from the shore.
iris followed him.
"see," she cried excitedly.
"i was not mistaken.
there _was_ something here."
a creepy sensation ran up the man's spine and passed behind his ears.
at this spot the drowned lascars were lying.
like an inspiration camethe knowledge that the cuttlefish, the dreaded octopus, abounds in thechina sea.
his face was livid when he turned to iris.
"you are over-wrought byfatigue, miss deane," he said.
"what you saw was probably a seal;" heknew the ludicrous substitution would not be questioned.
"please go andlie down again."
"i cannot," she protested.
"i am too frightened."
by a dream!
in broad daylight!"
"but why are _you_ so pale?
what has alarmed you?"
"can you ask?
did you not give the agreed signal?"
"yes, but--"her inquiring glance fell.
he was breathless from agitation rather thanrunning.
he was perturbed on her account.
for an instant she had lookedinto his soul.
"i will go back," she said quietly, "though i would rather accompanyyou.
what are you doing?"
"seeking a place to lay our heads," he answered, with gruffcarelessness.
"you really must rest, miss deane.
otherwise you will bebroken up by fatigue and become ill."so iris again sought her couch of sand, and the sailor returned to theskeleton.
they separated unwillingly, each thinking only of the other'ssafety and comfort.
the girl knew she was not wanted because the manwished to spare her some unpleasant experience.
she obeyed him with asigh, and sat down, not to sleep, but to muse, as girls will,round-eyed, wistful, with the angelic fantasy of youth and innocence.
across the parched bones lay the stick discarded by jenks in his alarm.
he picked it up and resumed his progress along the pathway.
so closelydid he now examine the ground that he hardly noted his direction.
thetrack led straight towards the wall of rock.
the distance was notgreat--about forty yards.
at first the brushwood impeded him, but sooneven this hindrance disappeared, and a well-defined passage meanderedthrough a belt of trees, some strong and lofty, others quite immature.
more bushes gathered at the foot of the cliff.
behind them he could seethe mouth of a cave; the six months' old growth of vegetation about theentrance gave clear indication as to the time which had elapsed since ahuman foot last disturbed the solitude.
a few vigorous blows with the stick cleared away obstructing plants andleafy branches.
the sailor stooped and looked into the cavern, for theopening was barely five feet high.
he perceived instantly that theexcavation was man's handiwork, applied to a fault in the hard rock.
asort of natural shaft existed, and this had been extended by manuallabor.
beyond the entrance the cave became more lofty.
owing to itsposition with reference to the sun at that hour jenks imagined thatsufficient light would be obtainable when the tropical luxuriance offoliage outside was dispensed with.
at present the interior was dark.
with the stick he tapped the wallsand roof.
a startled cluck and the rush of wings heralded the flight oftwo birds, alarmed by the noise.
soon his eyes, more accustomed to thegloom, made out that the place was about thirty feet deep, ten feetwide in the center, and seven or eight feet high.
at the further end was a collection of objects inviting promptattention.
each moment he could see with greater distinctness.
kneelingon one side of the little pile he discerned that on a large stone,serving as a rude bench, were some tin utensils, some knives, asextant, and a quantity of empty cartridge cases.
between the stone andwhat a miner terms the "face" of the rock was a four-foot space.
here,half imbedded in the sand which covered the floor, were two pickaxes, ashovel, a sledge-hammer, a fine timber-felling axe, and three crowbars.
in the darkest corner of the cave's extremity the "wall" appeared to bevery smooth.
he prodded with the stick, and there was a sharp clang oftin.
he discovered six square kerosene-oil cases carefully stacked up.
three were empty, one seemed to be half full, and the contents of twowere untouched.
with almost feverish haste he ascertained that thehalf-filled tin did really contain oil.
"what a find!"
he ejaculated aloud.
another pair of birds dashed from aledge near the roof.
shouted the sailor.
he sprang back and whacked thewalls viciously, but all the feathered intruders had gone.
so far as he could judge the cave harbored no further surprises.
returning towards the exit his boots dislodged more empty cartridgesfrom the sand.
they were shells adapted to a revolver of heavy caliber.
at a short distance from the doorway they were present in dozens.
"the remnants of a fight," he thought.
"the man was attacked, anddefended himself here.
not expecting the arrival of enemies he providedno store of food or water.
he was killed whilst trying to reach thewell, probably at night."
he vividly pictured the scene--a brave, hardy european keeping at bay aboatload of dyak savages, enduring manfully the agonies of hunger,thirst, perhaps wounds.
then the siege, followed by a wild effort togain the life-giving well, the hiss of a malay parang wielded by alurking foe, and the last despairing struggle before death came.
he might be mistaken.
perchance there was a less dramatic explanation.
but he could not shake off his, first impressions.
they were garneredfrom dumb evidence and developed by some occult but overwhelming senseof certainty.
"what was the poor devil doing here?"
"why did he buryhimself in this rock, with mining utensils and a few rough stores?
hecould not be a castaway.
there is the indication of purpose, ofpreparation, of method combined with ignorance, for none who knew theways of dyaks and chinese pirates would venture to live here alone, ifhe could help it, and if he really were alone."
the thing was amystery, would probably remain a mystery for ever.
"be it steel or be it lead, anyhow the man is dead."
there was relief in hearing his own voice.
he could hum, and think, andact.
arming himself with the axe he attacked the bushes and branches oftrees in front of the cave.
he cut a fresh approach to the well, andthrew the litter over the skeleton.
at first he was inclined to bury itwhere it lay, but he disliked the idea of iris walking unconsciouslyover the place.
no time could be wasted that day.
he would seize anearly opportunity to act as grave-digger.
after an absence of little more than an hour he rejoined the girl.
shesaw him from afar, and wondered whence he obtained the axe heshouldered.
"you are a successful explorer," she cried when he drew near.
"yes, miss deane.
i have found water, implements, a shelter, evenlight."
"what sort of light--spiritual, or material?"
iris could not remain serious for many consecutive minutes, but shegathered that he was in no mood for frivolity.
"and the shelter--is it a house?"
"no, a cave.
if you are sufficiently rested you might come and takepossession."
her eyes danced with excitement.
he told her what he had seen, withreservations, and she ran on before him to witness these marvels.
"why did you make a new path to the well?"
she inquired after a rapidsurvey.
"a new path!"
the pertinent question staggered him.
"yes, the people who lived here must have had some sort of freepassage."
he lied easily.
"i have only cleared away recent growth," he said.
"and why did they dig a cave?
it surely would be much more simple tobuild a house from all these trees."
"there you puzzle me," he said frankly.
they had entered the cavern but a little way and now came out.
"these empty cartridges are funny.
they suggest a fort, a battle."
woman-like, her words were carelessly chosen, but they were crammedwith inductive force.
embarked on the toboggan slope of untruth the sailor slid smoothlydownwards.
"events have colored your imagination, miss deane.
even in england menoften preserve such things for future use.
they can be reloaded."
"yes, i have seen keepers do that.
this is different.
there is an airof--""there is a lot to be done," broke in jenks emphatically.
"we mustclimb the hill and get back here in time to light another fire beforethe sun goes down.
i want to prop a canvas sheet in front of the cave,and try to devise a lamp."
"must i sleep inside?"
there was a pause, a mere whiff of awkwardness.
"i will mount guard outside," went on jenks.
he was trying to improvethe edge of the axe by grinding it on a soft stone.
the girl went into the cave again.
she was inquisitive, uneasy.
"that arrangement--" she began, but ended in a sharp cry of terror.
thedispossessed birds had returned during the sailor's absence.
"i will kill them," he shouted in anger.
there has been enough of death in this place already."
the words jarred on his ears.
then he felt that she could only alludeto the victims of the wreck.
"i was going to say," she explained, "that we must devise a partition.
there is no help for it until you construct a sort of house.
candidly,i do not like this hole in the rock.
it is a vault, a tomb."
"you told me that i was in command, yet you dispute my orders."
hestrove hard to appear brusquely good-humored, indifferent, though forone of his mould he was absurdly irritable.
the cause was over-strain,but that explanation escaped him.
but if sleeping in the cold, in dew or rain, is bad forme, it must be equally bad for you.
and without you i am helpless, youknow."
his arms twitched to give her a reassuring hug.
in some respects shewas so childlike; her big blue eyes were so ingenuous.
he laughedsardonically, and the harsh note clashed with her frank candor.
here,at least, she was utterly deceived.
his changeful moods wereincomprehensible.
"i will serve you to the best of my ability, miss deane," he exclaimed.
"we must hope for a speedy rescue, and i am inured to exposure.
it isotherwise with you.
are you ready for the climb?"
mechanically she picked up a stick at her feet.
it was the sailor'swand of investigation.
he snatched it from her hands and threw it awayamong the trees.
"that is a dangerous alpenstock," he said.
"the wood is unreliable.
i will cut you a better one," and he swung the axe againsta tall sapling.
iris mentally described him as "funny."
she followed him in the upwardcurve of the ascent, for the grade was not difficult and the groundsmooth enough, the storms of years having pulverized the rock anddriven sand into its clefts.
the persistent inroads of the trees haddone the rest.
beyond the flight of birds and the scampering of sometiny monkeys overhead, they did not disturb a living creature.
the crest of the hill was tree-covered, and they could see nothingbeyond their immediate locality until the sailor found a point higherthan the rest, where a rugged collection of hard basalt and theuprooting of some poon trees provided an open space elevated above theridge.
for a short distance the foothold was precarious.
jenks helped the girlin this part of the climb.
his strong, gentle grasp gave herconfidence.
she was flushed with exertion when they stood together onthe summit of this elevated perch.
they could look to every point ofthe compass except a small section on the south-west.
here the treesrose behind them until the brow of the precipice was reached.
the emergence into a sunlit panorama of land and sea, though expected,was profoundly enthralling.
they appeared to stand almost exactly inthe center of the island, which was crescent-shaped.
it was no largerthan the sailor had estimated.
the new slopes now revealed were coveredwith verdure down to the very edge of the water, which, for nearly amile seawards, broke over jagged reefs.
the sea looked strangely calmfrom this height.
irregular blue patches on the horizon to south andeast caught the man's first glance.
he unslung the binoculars he stillcarried and focused them eagerly.
he cried, "and big ones, too!"
whispered iris, more concerned in the scrutiny of herimmediate surroundings.
jenks glanced at her sharply.
she was notlooking at the islands, but at a curious hollow, a quarry-likedepression beneath them to the right, distant about three hundred yardsand not far removed from the small plateau containing the well, thoughisolated from it by the south angle of the main cliff.
here, in a great circle, there was not a vestige of grass, shrub, ortree, nothing save brown rock and sand.
at first the sailor deemed itto be the dried-up bed of a small lake.
this hypothesis would notserve, else it would be choked with verdure.
the pit stared up at themlike an ominous eye, though neither paid further attention to it, forthe glorious prospect mapped at their feet momentarily swept aside allother considerations.
"what a beautiful place!"
"i wonder what it is called."
the word came instantly.
the sailor's gaze was again fixed on thosedistant blue outlines.
miss deane was dissatisfied.
"we are not dead yet.
you must find a bettername than that."
"well, suppose we christen it rainbow island?"
"that is the english meaning of 'iris,' in latin, you know."
"so it is.
how clever of you to think of it!
tell me, what is themeaning of 'robert,' in greek?"
he turned to survey the north-west side of the island.
"i do not know,"he answered.
"it might not be far-fetched to translate it as 'a ship'ssteward: a menial.'"
miss iris had meant her playful retort as a mere light-hearted quibble.
it annoyed her, a young person of much consequence, to have her kindlycondescension repelled.
"i suppose so," she agreed; "but i have gone through so much in a fewhours that i am bewildered, apt to forget these nice distinctions."
where these two quareling, or flirting?
who can tell?
jenks was closely examining the reef on which the _sirdar_ struck.
some square objects were visible near the palm tree.
the sun, glintingon the waves, rendered it difficult to discern their significance.
"what do you make of those?"
he inquired, handing the glasses, andblandly ignoring miss deane's petulance.
her brain was busy with otherthings while she twisted the binoculars to suit her vision.
rainbowisland--iris--it was a nice conceit.
but "menial" struck a discordantnote.
this man was no menial in appearance or speech.
why was he sodeliberately rude?
"i think they are boxes or packing-cases," she announced.
"ah, that was my own idea.
i must visit that locality."
will you swim?"
"no," he said, his stern lips relaxing in a smile, "i will not swim;and by the way, miss deane, be careful when you are near the water.
thelagoon is swarming with sharks at present.
i feel tolerably assuredthat at low tide, when the remnants of the gale have vanished, i willbe able to walk there along the reef."
what horrible surprises this speck ofland contains!
i should not have imagined that sharks and seals couldlive together."
"you are quite right," he explained, with becoming gravity.
"as a rulesharks infest only the leeward side of these islands.
just now they areattracted in shoals by the wreck."
iris shivered slightly.
"we had better go back now.
the wind is keen here, miss deane."
[illustration: he was so busy that he paid little heed to iris, but theodor of fried ham was wafted to him]she knew that he purposely misunderstood her gesture.
his attitudeconveyed a rebuke.
there was no further room for sentiment in theirpresent existence; they had to deal with chill necessities.
as for thesailor, he was glad that the chance turn of their conversation enabledhim to warn her against the lurking dangers of the lagoon.
there was noneed to mention the devil-fish now; he must spare her all avoidablethrills.
they gathered the stores from the first _al fresco_ dining-roomand reached the cave without incident.
another fire was lighted, andwhilst iris attended to the kitchen the sailor felled several youngtrees.
he wanted poles, and these were the right size and shape.
hesoon cleared a considerable space.
the timber was soft and so small ingirth that three cuts with the axe usually sufficed.
he dragged fromthe beach the smallest tarpaulin he could find, and propped it againstthe rock in such manner that it effectually screened the mouth of thecave, though admitting light and air.
he was so busy that he paid little heed to iris.
but the odor of friedham was wafted to him.
he was lifting a couple of heavy stones to staythe canvas and keep it from flapping in the wind, when the girl calledout--"wouldn't you like to have a wash before dinner?"
he straightened himself and looked at her.
her face and hands wereshining, spotless.
the change was so great that his brow wrinkled withperplexity.
"i am a good pupil," she cried.
"you see i am already learning to helpmyself.
i made a bucket out of one of the dish-covers by slinging it intwo ropes.
another dish-cover, some sand and leaves supplied basin,soap, and towel.
i have cleaned the tin cups and the knives, and see,here is my greatest treasure."
she held up a small metal lamp.
"where in the world did you find that?"
"buried in the sand inside the cave."
his tone was abrupt she was so disappointed by the seeming want ofappreciation of her industry that a gleam of amusement died from hereyes and she shook her head, stooping at once to attend to the toastingof some biscuits.
this time he was genuinely sorry.
"forgive me, miss deane," he said penitently.
"my words are dictated byanxiety.
i do not wish you to make discoveries on your own account.
this is a strange place, you know--an unpleasant one in some respects."
"surely i can rummage about my own cave?"
it was careless of me not to have examined itsinterior more thoroughly."
"then why do you grumble because i found the lamp?"
"i did not mean any such thing.
i am sorry."
"i think you are horrid.
if you want to wash you will find the waterover there.
the ham will be frizzled to a cinder."
was ever man fated to incur such unmerited odium?
hesavagely laved his face and neck.
the fresh cool water was delightfulat first, but it caused his injured nail to throb dreadfully.
when hedrew near to the fire he experienced an unaccountable sensation ofweakness.
could it be possible that he was going to faint?
it was tooabsurd.
he sank to the ground.
trees, rocks, and sand-strewn earthindulged in a mad dance.
iris's voice sounded weak and indistinct.
itseemed to travel in waves from a great distance.
he tried to brush awayfrom his brain these dim fancies, but his iron will for once failed,and he pitched headlong downwards into darkness.
when he recovered the girl's left arm was round his neck.
for oneblissful instant he nestled there contentedly.
he looked into her eyesand saw that she was crying.
a gust of anger rose within him that heshould be the cause of those tears.
he said, and tried to rise.
are you better?"
her lips quivered pitifully.
did i faint?"
she held a cup to his mouth and he obediently strove to swallow thecontents.
it was champagne.
after the first spasm of terror, and whenthe application of water to his face failed to restore consciousness,iris had knocked the head off the bottle of champagne.
he quickly revived.
nature had only given him a warning that he wasoverdrawing his resources.
he was deeply humiliated.
he did notconceive the truth, that only a strong man could do all that he haddone and live.
for thirty-six hours he had not slept.
during part ofthe time he fought with wilder beasts than they knew at ephesus.
thelong exposure to the sun, the mental strain of his foreboding that thecharming girl whose life depended upon him might be exposed to evenworse dangers than any yet encountered, the physical labor he hadundergone, the irksome restraint he strove to place upon his conductand utterances--all these things culminated in utter relaxation whenthe water touched his heated skin.
but he was really very much annoyed.
a powerful man always is annoyedwhen forced to yield.
the revelation of a limit to human enduranceinfuriates him.
a woman invariably thinks that the man should bescolded, by way of tonic.
"how _could_ you frighten me so?"
demanded iris, hysterically.
"you must have felt that you were working too hard.
you made me rest.
why didn't you rest yourself?"
he looked at her wistfully.
this collapse must not happen again, forher sake.
these two said more with eyes than lips.
she withdrew herarm; her face and neck crimsoned.
"there," she said with compelled cheerfulness.
"you are all right now.
finish the wine."
he emptied the tin.
it gave him new life.
"i always thought," heanswered gravely, "that champagne was worth its weight in gold undercertain conditions.
these are the conditions."
iris reflected, with elastic rebound from despair to relief, that menin the lower ranks of life do not usually form theories on theexpensive virtues of the wine of france.
but her mind was suddenlyoccupied by a fresh disaster.
"the ham is ruined."
it was burnt black.
she prepared a fresh supply.
when it was ready,jenks was himself again.
they ate in silence, and shared the remains ofthe bottle.
the man idly wondered what was the _plat du jour_ atthe savoy that evening.
he remembered that the last time he was therehe had called for _jambon de york aux épinards_ and half a pint ofheidseck.
"_coelum non animum mutant, qui trans mare currant_," he thought.
by a queer trick of memory he could recall the very page in horacewhere this philosophical line occurs.
it was in the eleventh epistle ofthe first book.
a smile illumined his tired face.
iris was watchful.
she had never in her life cooked even a potato orboiled an egg.
the ham was her first attempt.
"my cooking amuses you?"
she demanded suspiciously.
"it gratifies every sense," he murmured.
"there is but one thingneedful to complete my happiness."
"and that is?"
"permission to smoke."
he produced a steel box, tightly closed, and a pipe, "i will answer youin byron's words," he said--  "'sublime tobacco!
which from east to west  cheers the tar's labour or the turkman's rest.'"
"your pockets are absolute shops," said the girl, delighted that histemper had improved.
"what other stores do you carry about with you?"
he lit his pipe and solemnly gave an inventory of his worldly goods.
beyond the items she had previously seen he could only enumerate asilver dollar, a very soiled and crumpled handkerchief, and a bit oftin.
a box of norwegian matches he threw away as useless, but irisrecovered them.
"you never know what purpose they may serve," she said.
in after days aweird significance was attached to this simple phrase.
"why do you carry about a bit of tin?"
she went on.
how the atmosphere of deception clung to him!
here was a man compelledto lie outrageously who, in happier years, had prided himself onscrupulous accuracy even in small things.
"plague upon it!"
he silently protested.
"subterfuge and deceit are asmuch at home in this deserted island as in mayfair."
"i found it here, miss deane," he answered.
luckily she interpreted "here" as applying to the cave.
"let me see it.
he handed it to her.
she could make nothing of it, so together theypuzzled over it.
the sailor rubbed it with a mixture of kerosene andsand.
then figures and letters and a sort of diagram were revealed.
atlast they became decipherable.
by exercising patient ingenuity some onehad indented the metal with a sharp punch until the marks assumed thisaspect (see cut, following page).
iris was quick-witted.
"it is a plan of the island," she cried.
"also the latitude and the longitude."
"what does 'j.s.'
"probably the initials of a man's name; let us say john smith, forinstance."
"and the figures on the island, with the 'x' and the dot?"
"i cannot tell you at present," he said.
"i take it that the lineacross the island signifies this gap or canyon, and the smallintersecting line the cave.
but 32 divided by 1, and an 'x' surmountedby a dot are cabalistic.
they would cause even sherlock holmes to smokeat least two pipes.
i have barely started one."
[illustration]she ran to fetch a glowing stick to enable him to relight his pipe.
"why do you give me such nasty little digs?"
"you need nothave stopped smoking just because i stood close to you."
"really, miss deane--""there, don't protest.
i like the smell of that tobacco.
i thoughtsailors invariably smoked rank, black stuff which they call thicktwist."
"i am a beginner, as a sailor.
after a few more years before the mast imay hope to reach perfection."
their eyes exchanged a quaintly pleasant challenge.
thus the man--"sheis determined to learn something of my past, but she will not succeed."
and the woman--"the wretch!
he is close as an oyster.
but i will makehim open his mouth, see if i don't."
she reverted to the piece of tin.
"it looks quite mysterious, like thethings you read of in stories of pirates and buried treasure."
"yes," he admitted.
"it is unquestionably a plan, a guidance, given toa person not previously acquainted with the island but cognizant ofsome fact connected with it.
unfortunately none of the buccaneers i canbring to mind frequented these seas.
the poor beggar who left it heremust have had some other motive than searching for a cache."
"did he dig the cave and the well, i wonder?"
"probably the former, but not the well.
no man could do it unaided."
"why do you assume he was alone?"
he strolled towards the fire to kick a stray log.
"it is only idlespeculation at the best, miss deane," he replied.
"would you like tohelp me to drag some timber up from the beach?
if we get a few bigplanks we can build a fire that will last for hours.
we want some extraclothes, too, and it will soon be dark."
the request for co-operation gratified her.
she complied eagerly, andwithout much exertion they hauled a respectable load of firewood totheir new camping-ground.
they also brought a number of coats to serveas coverings.
then jenks tackled the lamp.
between the rust and thesoreness of his index finger it was a most difficult operation to openit.
before the sun went down he succeeded, and made a wick by unraveling afew strands of wool from his jersey.
when night fell, with thesuddenness of the tropics, iris was able to illuminate her smalldomain.
they were both utterly tired and ready to drop with fatigue.
the girlsaid "good night," but instantly reappeared from behind the tarpaulin.
"am i to keep the lamp alight?"
"please yourself, miss deane.
better not, perhaps.
it will only burnfour or five hours, any way."
soon the light vanished, and he lay down, his pipe between his teeth,close to the cave's entrance.
weary though he was, he could not sleepforthwith.
his mind was occupied with the signs on the canister head.
"32 divided by 1; an 'x' and a dot," he repeated several times.
"whatdo they signify?"
suddenly he sat up, with every sense alert, and grabbed his revolver.
something impelled him to look towards the spot, a few feet away, wherethe skeleton was hidden.
it was the rustling of a bird among the treesthat had caught his ear.
he thought of the white framework of a once powerful man, lying thereamong the bushes, abandoned, forgotten, horrific.
then he smothered acry of surprise.
"there is no 'x' and dot.
that sign is meantfor a skull and cross-bones.
it lies exactly on the part of the islandwhere we saw that queer-looking bald patch today.
first thing tomorrow,before the girl awakes, i must examine that place."
he resolutely stretched himself on his share of the spread-out coats,now thoroughly dried by sun and fire.
in a minute he was sound asleep.
"before mine eyes in opposition sits    grim death."
he awoke to find the sun high in the heavens.
iris was preparingbreakfast; a fine fire was crackling cheerfully, and the presidinggoddess had so altered her appearance that the sailor surveyed her withastonishment.
he noiselessly assumed a sitting posture, tucked his feet beneath him,and blinked.
the girl's face was not visible from where he sat, and fora few seconds he thought he must surely be dreaming.
she was attired ina neat navy-blue dress and smart blouse.
her white canvas shoes werereplaced by strong leather boots.
she was quite spick and span, thisisland hebe.
so soundly had he slept that his senses returned but slowly.
at last heguessed what had happened.
she had risen with the dawn, and, conqueringher natural feeling of repulsion, selected from the store heaccumulated yesterday some more suitable garments than those in whichshe escaped from the wreck.
he quietly took stock of his own tattered condition, and passed areflective hand over the stubble on his chin.
in a few days his facewould resemble a scrubbing-brush.
in that mournful moment he would haveexchanged even his pipe and tobacco-box--worth untold gold--for shavingtackle.
who can say why his thoughts took such trend?
twenty-four hourscan effect great changes in the human mind if controlling influencesare active.
then came a sharp revulsion of feeling.
his name was robert--a menial.
he reached for his boots, and iris heard him.
"good morning," she cried, smiling sweetly.
"i thought you would neverawake.
i suppose you were very, very tired.
you were lying so stillthat i ventured to peep at you a long time ago."
"thus might titania peep at an ogre," he said.
"you didn't look a bit like an ogre.
you never do.
you only try to talklike one--sometimes."
"i claim a truce until after breakfast.
if my rough compliment offendsyou, let me depend upon a more gentle tongue than my own--            "'her angel's face  as the great eye of heaven, shyned bright,  and made a sunshine in the shady place.'
"those lines are surely appropriate.
they come from the _faeriequeene_."
"they are very nice, but please wash quickly.
the eggs will be hard."
"yes; i made a collection among the trees.
i tasted one of a lot thatlooked good.
it was first-rate."
he had not the moral courage to begin the day with a rebuke.
she wasirrepressible, but she really must not do these things.
he smothered asigh in the improvised basin which was placed ready for him.
miss deane had prepared a capital meal.
of course the ham and biscuitsstill bulked large in the bill of fare, but there were boiled eggs,fried bananas and an elderly cocoanut.
these things, supplemented byclear cold water, were not so bad for a couple of castaways, hundredsof miles from everywhere.
for the life of him the man could not refrain from displaying theconversational art in which he excelled.
their talk dealt with italy,egypt, india.
he spoke with the ease of culture and enthusiasm.
once heslipped into anecdote _à propos_ of the helplessness of britishsoldiers in any matter outside the scope of the king's regulations.
"i remember," he said, "seeing a cavalry subaltern and the members ofan escort sitting, half starved, on a number of bags piled up in thesuakin desert.
and what do you think were in the bags?"
"i don't know," said iris, keenly alert for deductions.
they thought the bags contained patent fodder until ienlightened them."
it was on the tip of her tongue to pounce on him with the comment:"then you have been an officer in the army."
but she forbore.
she hadguessed this earlier.
yet the mischievous light in her eyes defiedcontrol.
he was warned in time and pulled himself up short.
"you read my face like a book," she cried, with a delightful little_moue_.
"no printed page was ever so--legible."
he was going to say "fascinating," but checked the impulse.
he went onwith brisk affectation--"now, miss deane, we have gossiped too long.
i am a laggard thismorning; but before starting work, i have a few serious remarks tomake."
she inquired saucily.
"i repudiate 'digs.'
in the first place, you must not make any moreexperiments in the matter of food.
the eggs were a wonderful effort,but, flattered by success, you may poison yourself."
"you must never pass out of my sight without carrying a revolver, notso much for defence, but as a signal.
did you take one when you wentbird's-nesting?"
there was a troubled look in his eyes when he answered--"it is best to tell you at once that before help reaches us we may bevisited by cruel and blood-thirsty savages.
i would not even mentionthis if it were a remote contingency.
as matters stand, you ought toknow that such a thing may happen.
let us trust in god's goodness thatassistance may come soon.
the island has seemingly been deserted formany months, and therein lies our best chance of escape.
but i amobliged to warn you lest you should be taken unawares."
iris was serious enough now.
"how do you know that such danger threatens us?"
he countered readily.
"because i happen to have read a good deal aboutthe china sea and its frequenters," he said.
"i am the last man in theworld to alarm you needlessly.
all i mean to convey is that certainprecautions should be taken against a risk that is possible, notprobable.
she could not repress a shudder.
the aspect of nature was so beneficentthat evil deeds seemed to be out of place in that fair isle.
birds weresinging around them.
the sun was mounting into a cloudless sky.
thegale had passed away into a pleasant breeze, and the sea was nowrippling against the distant reef with peaceful melody.
the sailor wanted to tell her that he would defend her against a hostof savages if he were endowed with many lives, but he was perforcetongue-tied.
he even reviled himself for having spoken, but she saw theanguish in his face, and her woman's heart acknowledged him as herprotector, her shield.
"mr. jenks," she said simply, "we are in god's hands.
i put my trust inhim, and in you.
i am hopeful, nay more, confident.
i thank you forwhat you have done, for all that you will do.
if you cannot preserve mefrom threatening perils no man could, for you are as brave and gallanta gentleman as lives on the earth today."
now, the strange feature of this extraordinary and unexpected outburstof pent-up emotion was that the girl pronounced his name with theslightly emphasized accentuation of one who knew it to be a meredisguise.
the man was so taken aback by her declaration of faith thatthe minor incident, though it did not escape him, was smothered in atumult of feeling.
he could not trust himself to speak.
he rose hastily and seized the axeto deliver a murderous assault upon a sago palm that stood close athand.
iris was the first to recover a degree of self-possession.
for a momentshe had bared her soul.
with reaction came a sensitive shrinking.
herbritish temperament, no less than her delicate nature, disapprovedthese sentimental displays.
she wanted to box her own ears.
with innate tact she took a keen interest in the felling of the tree.
"what do you want it for?"
she inquired, when the sturdy trunk creakedand fell.
jenks felt better now.
"this is a change of diet," he explained.
"no; we don't boil the leavesor nibble the bark.
when i split this palm open you will find that theinterior is full of pith.
i will cut it out for you, and then it willbe your task to knead it with water after well washing it, pick out allthe fiber, and finally permit the water to evaporate.
in a couple ofdays the residuum will become a white powder, which, when boiled, issago."
"the story sounds unconvincing, but i believe i am correct.
it is wortha trial."
"i should have imagined that sago grew on a stalk like rice or wheat."
a difficult situation had passed without undue effort.
unhappily the man reopened it.
whilst using a crowbar as a wedge heendeavored to put matters on a straightforward footing.
"a little while ago," he said, "you seemed to imply that i had assumedthe name of jenks."
but miss deane's confidential mood had gone.
"nothing of the kind," shesaid, coldly.
"i think jenks is an excellent name."
she regretted the words even as they fell from her lips.
the sailorgave a mighty wrench with the bar, splitting the log to its clusteringleaves.
"you are right," he said.
"it is distinctive, brief, dogmatic.
i clingto it passionately."
soon afterwards, leaving iris to the manufacture of sago, he went tothe leeward side of the island, a search for turtles being hisostensible object.
when the trees hid him he quickened his pace andturned to the left, in order to explore the cavity marked on the tinwith a skull and cross-bones.
to his surprise he hit upon the remnantsof a roadway--that is, a line through the wood where there were nowell-grown trees, where the ground bore traces of humanity in the shapeof a wrinkled and mildewed pair of chinese boots, a wooden sandal, eventhe decayed remains of a palki, or litter.
at last he reached the edge of the pit, and the sight that met his eyesheld him spellbound.
the labor of many hands had torn a chasm, a quarry, out of the side ofthe hill.
roughly circular in shape, it had a diameter of perhaps ahundred feet, and at its deepest part, towards the cliff, it ran to adepth of forty feet.
on the lower side, where the sailor stood, itdescended rapidly for some fifteen feet.
grasses, shrubs, plants of every variety, grew in profusion down thesteep slopes, wherever seeds could find precarious nurture, until apoint was reached about ten or eleven feet from the bottom.
there allvegetation ceased as if forbidden to cross a magic circle.
below this belt the place was a charnel-house.
the bones of men andanimals mingled in weird confusion.
most were mere skeletons.
a fewbodies--nine the sailor counted--yet preserved some resemblance ofhumanity.
these latter were scattered among the older relics.
they worethe clothes of dyaks.
characteristic hats and weapons denoted theirnationality.
the others, the first harvest of this modern golgotha,might have been chinese coolies.
when the sailor's fascinated visioncould register details he distinguished yokes, baskets, odd-lookingspades and picks strewed amidst the bones.
the animals were all of onetype, small, lanky, with long pointed skulls.
at last he spied awithered hoof.
they were pigs.
over all lay a thick coating of fine sand, deposited from the eddyingwinds that could never reach the silent depths.
the place was gruesome,horribly depressing.
jenks broke out into a clammy perspiration.
heseemed to be looking at the secrets of the grave.
at last his superior intelligence asserted itself.
his brain becameclearer, recovered its power of analysis.
he began to criticize,reflect, and this is the theory he evolved--some one, long ago, had discovered valuable minerals in the volcanicrock.
mining operations were in full blast when the extinct volcanotook its revenge upon the human ants gnawing at its vitals andsmothered them by a deadly outpouring of carbonic acid gas, thebottled-up poison of the ages.
a horde of pigs, running wild over theisland--placed there, no doubt, by chinese fishers--had met the samefate whilst intent on dreadful orgy.
then there came a european, who knew how the anhydrate gas, beingheavier than the surrounding air, settled like water in that terriblehollow.
he, too, had striven to wrest the treasure from the stone bydriving a tunnel into the cliff.
he had partly succeeded and had goneaway, perhaps to obtain help, after crudely registering his knowledgeon the lid of a tin canister.
this, again, probably fell into the handsof another man, who, curious but unconvinced, caused himself to be setashore on this desolate spot, with a few inadequate stores.
possibly hehad arranged to be taken off within a fixed time.
but a sampan, laden with dyak pirates, came first, and the intrepidexplorer's bones rested near the well, whilst his head had gone todecorate the hut of some fierce village chief.
the murderers, afterburying their own dead--for the white man fought hard, witness theempty cartridges--searched the island.
some of them, ignorantlyinquisitive, descended into the hollow.
they remained there.
theothers, superstitious barbarians, fled for their lives, embarking sohastily that they took from the cave neither tools nor oil, though theywould greatly prize these articles.
such was the tragic web he spun, a compound of fact and fancy.
itexplained all perplexities save one.
what did "32 divided by 1" mean?
was there yet another fearsome riddle awaiting solution?
and then his thoughts flew to iris.
happen what might, her brightpicture was seldom absent from his brain.
suppose, egg-hunting, she hadstumbled across this valley of death!
how could he hope to keep ithidden from her?
was not the ghastly knowledge better than the horrorof a chance ramble through the wood and the shock of discovery, nay,indeed, the risk of a catastrophe?
he was a man who relieved his surcharged feelings with stronglanguage--a habit of recent acquisition.
he indulged in it now and feltbetter.
he rushed back through the trees until he caught sight of irisindustriously kneading the sago pith in one of those most usefuldish-covers.
he called to her, led her wondering to the track, and pointed out thefatal quarry, but in such wise that she could not look inside it.
"you remember that round hole we saw from the summit rock?"
"well, it is full of carbonic acid gas, to breathe which meansunconsciousness and death.
it gives no warning to the inexperienced.
itis rather pleasant than otherwise.
promise me you will never come nearthis place again."
now, iris, too, had been thinking deeply.
robert jenks bulked large inher day-dreams.
her nerves were not yet quite normal.
there was a catchin her throat as she answered--"i don't want to die.
of course i will keep away.
what a horrid islandthis is!
yet it might be a paradise."
she bit her lip to suppress her tears, but, being the eve in thisgarden, she continued--"how did you find out?
is there anything--nasty--in there?"
"yes, the remains of animals, and other things.
i would not have toldyou were it not imperative."
"are you keeping other secrets from me?"
"oh, quite a number."
he managed to conjure up a smile, and the ruse was effective.
sheapplied the words to his past history.
"i hope they will not be revealed so dramatically," she said.
"you never can tell," he answered.
they were in prophetic vein thatmorning.
they returned in silence to the cave.
"i wish to go inside, with a lamp.
he had an odd trick of blushing, this bronzed man with a gnarled soul.
he could not frame a satisfactory reply, but busied himself inrefilling the lamp.
"may i come too?"
he flung aside the temptation to answer her in kind, merely assenting,with an explanation of his design.
when the lamp was in order he heldit close to the wall and conducted a systematic survey.
the geologicalfault which favored the construction of the tunnel seemed to diverge tothe left at the further end.
the "face" of the rock exhibited the marksof persistent labor.
the stone had been hewn away by main force whenthe dislocation of strata ceased to be helpful.
his knowledge was limited on the subject, yet jenks believed that thematerial here was a hard limestone rather than the external basalt.
searching each inch with the feeble light, he paused once, with anexclamation.
"what is it?"
"i cannot be certain," he said, doubtfully.
"would you mind holding thelamp whilst i use a crowbar?"
in the stone was visible a thin vein, bluish white in color.
he managedto break off a fair-sized lump containing a well-defined specimen ofthe foreign metal.
they hurried into the open air and examined the fragment with curiouseyes.
the sailor picked it with his knife, and the substance in thevein came off in laminated layers, small, brittle scales.
"is it silver?"
iris was almost excited.
"i do not think so.
i am no expert, but i have a vague idea--i haveseen----"he wrinkled his brows and pressed away the furrows with his hand, thatphysical habit of his when perplexed.
"i have it," he cried.
"it is antimony."
miss deane pursed her lips in disdain.
what was antimony?
"so much fuss for nothing," she said.
"it is used in alloys and medicines," he explained.
"to us it isuseless."
he threw the piece of rock contemptuously among the bushes.
but, beingthorough in all that he undertook, he returned to the cave and againconducted an inquisition.
the silver-hued vein became more stronglymarked at the point where it disappeared downwards into a collection ofrubble and sand.
that was all.
did men give their toil, their lives,for this?
so it would appear.
be that as it might, he had a morepressing work.
if the cave still held a secret it must remain there.
iris had gone back to her sago-kneading.
necessity had made the lady abread-maid.
"fifteen hundred years of philology bridged by circumstance," musedjenks.
"how max müller would have reveled in the incident!"
shouldering the axe he walked to the beach.
the tide was low and thecircular sweep of the reef showed up irregularly, its black outlinessticking out of the vividly green water like jagged teeth.
much débris from the steamer was lying high and dry.
it was an easytask for an athletic man to reach the palm tree, yet the sailorhesitated, with almost imperceptible qualms.
"a baited rat-trap," he muttered.
then he quickened his pace.
with thefirst active spring from rock to rock his unacknowledged doubtsvanished.
he might find stores of priceless utility.
the reflectioninspired him.
jumping and climbing like a cat, in two minutes he wasnear the tree.
he could now see the true explanation of its growth in a seeminglyimpossible place.
here the bed of the sea bulged upwards in a smallsand cay, which silted round the base of a limestone rock, so differentin color and formation from the coral reef.
nature, whose engineeringcontrivances can force springs to mountain tops, managed to deliver tothis isolated refuge a sufficient supply of water to nourish the palm,and the roots, firmly lodged in deep crevices, were well protected fromthe waves.
between the sailor and the tree intervened a small stretch of shallowwater.
landward this submerged saddle shelved steeply into the lagoon.
although the water in the cove was twenty fathoms in depth, its crystalclearness was remarkable.
the bottom, composed of marvelously whitesand and broken coral, rendered other objects conspicuous.
he could seeplenty of fish, but not a single shark, whilst on the inner slope ofthe reef was plainly visible the destroyed fore part of the_sirdar_, which had struck beyond the tree, relatively to hispresent standpoint.
he had wondered why no boats were cast ashore.
nowhe saw the reason.
three of them were still fastened to the davits andcarried down with the hull.
seaward the water was not so clear.
the waves created patches of foam,and long submarine plants swayed gently in the undercurrent.
to reach palm-tree rock--anticipating its subsequent name--he mustcross a space of some thirty feet and wade up to his waist.
he made the passage with ease.
pitched against the hole of the tree was a long narrow case, veryheavy, iron-clamped; and marked with letters in black triangles and thebroad arrow of the british government.
"rifles, by all the gods!"
shouted the sailor.
they were really by theenfield small arms manufactory, but his glee at this stroke of luckmight be held to excuse a verbal inaccuracy.
the _sirdar_ carried a consignment of arms and ammunition fromhong kong to singapore.
providence had decreed that a practicallyinexhaustible store of cartridges should be hurled across the lagoon tothe island.
and here were lee-metfords enough to equip half a company.
he would not risk the precious axe in an attempt to open the case.
hemust go back for a crowbar.
what else was there in this storehouse, thrust by neptune from theocean bed?
a chest of tea, seemingly undamaged.
three barrels of flour,utterly ruined.
a saloon chair, smashed from its pivot.
for the rest, fragments of timber intermingled withpulverized coral and broken crockery.
a little further on, the deep-water entrance to the lagoon curvedbetween sunken rocks.
on one of them rested the _sirdar's_ hugefunnel.
the north-west section of the reef was bare.
among the wreckagehe found a coil of stout rope and a pulley.
he instantly conceived theidea of constructing an aerial line to ferry the chest of tea acrossthe channel he had forded.
he threaded the pulley with the rope and climbed the tree, adding atouch of artistic completeness to the ruin of his trousers by theoperation.
he had fastened the pulley high up the trunk before herealized how much more simple it would be to break open the chest whereit lay and transport its contents in small parcels.
he laughed lightly.
"i am becoming addleheaded," he said to himself.
"anyhow, now the job is done i may as well make use of it."
recoiling the rope-ends, he cast them across to the reef.
in such smallways do men throw invisible dice with death.
with those two lines hewould, within a few fleeting seconds, drag himself back from eternity.
picking up the axe, he carelessly stepped into the water, not knowingthat iris, having welded the incipient sago into a flat pancake, hadstrolled to the beach and was watching him.
the water was hardly above his knees when there came a swirling rushfrom the seaweed.
a long tentacle shot out like a lasso and gripped hisright leg.
another coiled round his waist.
he gurgled, as a horrid sucker closed over his mouth andnose.
he was in the grip of a devil-fish.
a deadly sensation of nausea almost overpowered him, but the love oflife came to his aid, and he tore the suffocating feeler from his face.
then the axe whirled, and one of the eight arms of the octopus lostsome of its length.
yet a fourth flung itself around his left ankle.
afew feet away, out of range of the axe, and lifting itself bodily outof the water, was the dread form of the cuttle, apparently all head,with distended gills and monstrous eyes.
the sailor's feet were planted wide apart.
with frenzied effort hehacked at the murderous tentacles, but the water hindered him, and hewas forced to lean back, in superhuman strain, to avoid losing hisbalance.
if once this terrible assailant got him down he knew he waslost.
the very need to keep his feet prevented him from attempting todeal a mortal blow.
the cuttle was anchored by three of its tentacles.
its remaining armdarted with sinuous activity to again clutch the man's face or neck.
with the axe he smote madly at the curling feeler, diverting its aimtime and again, but failing to deliver an effective stroke.
with agonized prescience the sailor knew that he was yielding.
were thedevil-fish a giant of its tribe he could not have held out so long.
asit was, the creature could afford to wait, strengthening its grasp,tightening its coils, pulling and pumping at its prey with remorselesscertainty.
he was nearly spent.
in a paroxysm of despair he resolved to give way,and with one mad effort seek to bury the axe in the monster's brain.
but ere he could execute this fatal project--for the cuttle would haveinstantly swept him into the trailing weeds--five revolver shots rangout in quick succession.
iris had reached the nearest rock.
the third bullet gave the octopus cause to reflect.
it squirted forth atorrent of dark-colored fluid.
instantly the water became black,opaque.
the tentacle flourishing in air thrashed the surface withimpotent fury; that around jenks's waist grew taut and rigid.
the axeflashed with the inspiration of hope.
another arm was severed; the hugedismembered coil slackened and fell away.
yet was he anchored immovably.
he turned to look at iris.
she neverforgot the fleeting expression of his face.
so might lazarus havelooked from the tomb.
she screamed, dropping the revolver and seizing the looseends lying at her feet.
she drew them tight and leaned back, pulling with all her strength.
thesailor flung the axe to the rocks and grasped the two ropes.
he raisedhimself and plunged wildly.
he was free.
with two convulsive strides hewas at the girl's side.
he stumbled to a boulder and dropped in complete collapse.
after a timehe felt iris's hand placed timidly on his shoulder.
he raised his headand saw her eyes shining.
"thank you," he said.
"we are quits now."
fierce emotions are necessarily transient, but for the hour theyexhaust the psychic capacity.
the sailor had gone through such mentalstress before it was yet noon that he was benumbed, wholly incapable offurther sensation.
seneca tells how the island of theresæa arose in amoment from the sea, thereby astounding ancient mariners, as well itmight.
had this manifestation been repeated within a cable's lengthfrom the reef, jenks was in mood to accept it as befitting the neworder of things.
being in good condition, he soon recovered his physical powers.
he wasoutwardly little the worse for the encounter with the devil-fish.
theskin around his mouth was sore.
his waist and legs were bruised.
onesweep of the axe had cut clean through the bulging leather of his leftboot without touching the flesh.
in a word, he was practicallyuninjured.
he had the doglike habit of shaking himself at the close of a fray.
hedid so now when he stood up.
iris showed clearer signs of the ordeal.
her face was drawn and haggard, the pupils of her eyes dilated.
she wasgazing into depths, illimitable, unexplored.
compassion awoke at sightof her.
"come," said jenks, gently.
"let us get back to the island."
he quietly resumed predominance, helping her over the rough pathway ofthe reef, almost lifting her when the difficulties were great.
he did not ask her how it happened that she came so speedily to hisassistance.
enough that she had done it, daring all for his sake.
shewas weak and trembling.
with the acute vision of the soul she sawagain, and yet again, the deadly malice of the octopus, the divinedespair of the man.
reaching the firm sand, she could walk alone.
instantly hercompanion's blunted emotions quickened into life.
he caught her arm andsaid hoarsely--"are you hurt in any way?"
the question brought her back from dreamland.
a waking nightmare washappily shattered into dim fragments.
she even strove to smileunconcernedly.
"it is nothing," she murmured.
"i stumbled on the rocks.
there is nosprain.
merely a blow, a bit of skin rubbed off, above my ankle."
"let me carry you."
i will race you to the cave."
it was no idle jest.
she wanted to run--to get away from that inkyblotch in the green water.
"you are sure it is a trifle?"
my stocking chafes a little; that is all.
see, i will showyou."
she stooped, and with the quick skill of woman, rolled down thestocking on her right leg.
modestly daring, she stretched out her footand slightly lifted her dress.
on the outer side of the tapering limbwas an ugly bruise, scratched deeply by the coral.
he exhibited due surgical interest.
his manner, his words, becameprofessional.
"we will soon put that right," he said.
"a strip off your muslin dress,soaked in brandy, will----""brandy!"
"yes; we have some, you know.
brandy is a great tip for bruised wounds.
it can be applied both ways, inside and out."
this was better.
they were steadily drifting back to the commonplace.
whilst she stitched together some muslin strips he knocked the head offa bottle of brandy.
they each drank a small quantity, and the generousspirit brought color to their wan cheeks.
the sailor showed iris how tofasten a bandage by twisting the muslin round the upper part of hisboot.
for the first time she saw the cut made by the axe.
"did--the thing--grip you there?"
she nervously inquired.
"there, and elsewhere.
all over at once, it felt like.
the beastattacked me with five arms."
"i don't know how you could fight it," she said.
"howstrong, how brave you must be."
this amused him.
"the veriest coward will try to save his own life," heanswered.
"if you use such adjectives to me, what words can i find todo justice to you, who dared to come close to such a vile-lookingcreature and kill it.
i must thank my stars that you carried therevolver."
she said, "that reminds me.
you do not practice what you preach.
i found your pistol lying on the stone in the cave.
that is one reasonwhy i followed you."
it was quite true.
he laid the weapon aside when delving at the rock,and forgot to replace it in his belt.
"it was stupid of me," he admitted; "but i am not sorry."
"because, as it is, i owe you my life."
"you owe me nothing," she snapped.
"it is very thoughtless of you torun such risks.
what will become of me if anything happens to you?
mypoint of view is purely selfish, you see."
he smiled sadly.
"selfish people of yourtype are somewhat rare, miss deane."
not a conversation worth noting, perhaps, save in so far as it istypical of the trite utterances of people striving to recover from sometremendous ordeal.
epigrams delivered at the foot of the scaffold havealways been carefully prepared beforehand.
the bandage was ready; one end was well soaked in brandy.
she movedtowards the cave, but he cried--"wait one minute.
i want to get a couple of crowbars."
"i must go back there."
he jerked his head in the direction of thereef.
she uttered a little sob of dismay.
"i will incur no danger this time," he explained.
"i found riflesthere.
we must have them; they may mean salvation."
when iris was determined about anything, her chin dimpled.
it puckereddelightfully now.
"i will come with you," she announced.
i will wait for you.
the tide will serve for another hour."
he knew he had decided rightly.
she could not bear to be alone--yet.
soon the bandage was adjusted and they returned to the reef.
scramblingnow with difficulty over the rough and dangerous track, iris wassecretly amazed by the remembrance of the daring activity she displayedduring her earlier passage along the same precarious roadway.
then she darted from rock to rock with the fearless certainty of achamois.
her only stumble was caused, she recollected, by an absurdeffort to avoid wetting her dress.
she laughed nervously when theyreached the place.
this time jenks lifted her across the interveningchannel.
"is this the spot where you fell?"
he asked, tenderly.
"yes; how did you guess it?"
"i read it in your eyes."
"then please do not read my eyes, but look where you are going."
"perhaps i was doing that too," he said.
they were standing on the landward side of the shallow water in whichhe fought the octopus.
already the dark fluid emitted by his assailant in its finaldiscomfiture was passing away, owing to the slight movement of thetide.
iris was vaguely conscious of a double meaning in his words.
she didnot trouble to analyze them.
all she knew was that the man's voiceconveyed a subtle acknowledgment of her feminine divinity.
theresultant thrill of happiness startled, even dismayed her.
thisincipient flirtation must be put a stop to instantly.
"now that you have brought me here with so much difficulty, what areyou going to do?"
"it will be madness for you to attempt toford that passage again.
where there is one of those horrible thingsthere are others, i suppose."
somehow he knew that this strict adherence to businesswas a cloak for her real thoughts.
already these two were able todispense with spoken word.
but he sedulously adopted her pretext.
"that is one reason why i brought the crowbars," he explained.
"if youwill sit down for a little while i will have everything properlyfixed."
he delved with one of the bars until it lodged in a crevice of thecoral.
then a few powerful blows with the back of the axe wedged itfirmly enough to bear any ordinary strain.
the rope-ends reeved throughthe pulley on the tree were lying where they fell from the girl's handat the close of the struggle.
he deftly knotted them to the rigid bar,and a few rapid turns of a piece of wreckage passed between the twolines strung them into a tautness that could not be attained by anyamount of pulling.
iris watched the operation in silence.
the sailor always looked at hisbest when hard at work.
the half-sullen, wholly self-containedexpression left his face, which lit up with enthusiasm and concentratedintelligence.
that which he essayed he did with all his might.
willpower and physical force worked harmoniously.
she had never before seensuch a man.
at such moments her admiration of him was unbounded.
he, toiling with steady persistence, felt not the inward spur whichsought relief in speech, but iris was compelled to say something.
"i suppose," she commented with an air of much wisdom, "you arecontriving an overhead railway for the safe transit of yourself and thegoods?"
"why are you so doubtful about it?"
"because i personally intended to walk across.
the ropes will serve toconvey the packages."
she rose imperiously.
"i absolutely forbid you to enter the wateragain.
such a suggestion on your part is quite shameful.
you are takinga grave risk for no very great gain that i can see, and if anythinghappens to you i shall be left all alone in this awful place."
she could think of no better argument.
her only resource was a woman'sexpedient--a plea for protection against threatening ills.
the sailor seemed to be puzzled how best to act.
"miss deane," he said, "there is no such serious danger as you imagine.
last time the cuttle caught me napping.
he will not do so again.
thoserifles i must have.
if it will serve to reassure you, i will go alongthe line myself."
he made this concession grudgingly.
in very truth, if danger stilllurked in the neighboring sea, he would be far less able to avoid itwhilst clinging to a rope that sagged with his weight, and thus workinga slow progress across the channel, than if he were on his feet andprepared to make a rush backwards or forwards.
not until iris watched him swinging along with vigorous overheadclutches did this phase of the undertaking occur to her.
he let go and dropped into the water, turning towards her.
"what is the matter now?"
"go on; do!"
he stood meekly on the further side to listen to her rating.
"you knew all the time that it would be better to walk, yet to pleaseme you adopted an absurdly difficult method.
why did you do it?"
"you have answered your own question."
"well, i am very, very angry with you."
"i'll tell you what," he said, "if you will forgive me i will try andjump back.
i once did nineteen feet three inches in--er--in a meadow,but it makes such a difference when you look at a stretch of water thesame width."
"i wish you would not stand there talking nonsense.
the tide will beover the reef in half an hour," she cried.
without another word he commenced operations.
there was plenty of rope,and the plan he adopted was simplicity itself.
when each package wassecurely fastened he attached it to a loop that passed over the linestretched from the tree to the crowbar.
to this loop he tied thelightest rope he could find and threw the other end to iris.
by pullingslightly she was able to land at her feet even the cumbrousrifle-chest, for the traveling angle was so acute that the heavier thearticle the more readily it sought the lower level.
they toiled in silence until jenks could lay hands on nothing more ofvalue.
then, observing due care, he quickly passed the channel.
for aninstant the girl gazed affrightedly at the sea until the sailor stoodat her side again.
"you see," he said, "you have scared every cuttle within miles."
and hethought that he would give many years of his life to be able to takeher in his arms and kiss away her anxiety.
but the tide had turned; in a few minutes the reef would be partlysubmerged.
to carry the case of rifles to the mainland was a manifestlyimpossible feat, so jenks now did that which, done earlier, would havesaved him some labor--he broke open the chest, and found that theweapons were apparently in excellent order.
he snapped the locks and squinted down the barrels of half a dozen totest them.
these he laid on one side.
then he rapidly constructed asmall raft from loose timbers, binding them roughly with rope, and tothis argosy he fastened the box of tea, the barrels of flour, thebroken saloon-chair, and other small articles which might be of use.
heavoided any difficulty in launching the raft by building it close tothe water's edge.
when all was ready the rising tide floated it forhim; he secured it to his longest rope, and gave it a vigorous push offinto the lagoon.
then he slung four rifles across his shoulders, askediris to carry the remaining two in like manner, and began to manoeuvrethe raft landwards.
"whilst you land the goods i will prepare dinner," announced the girl.
"please be careful not to slip again on the rocks," he said.
"indeed i will.
my ankle gives me a reminder at each step."
"i was more concerned about the rifles.
if you fell you might damagethem, and the incoming tide will so hopelessly rust those i leavebehind that they will be useless."
this assumption at brutality no longer deceived her.
"i will preserve them at any cost, though with six in our possessionthere is a margin for accidents.
however, to reassure you, i will goback quickly.
if i fall a second time you will still be able to replaceany deficiencies in our armament."
before he could protest she started off at a run, jumping lightly fromrock to rock, though the effort cost her a good deal of pain.
disregarding his shouts, she persevered until she stood safely on thesands.
then saucily waving a farewell, she set off towards the cave.
had she seen the look of fierce despair that settled down upon jenks'sface as he turned to his task of guiding the raft ashore she might havewondered what it meant.
in any case she would certainly have behaveddifferently.
by the time the sailor had safely landed his cargo iris had cookedtheir midday meal.
she achieved a fresh culinary triumph.
the eggs werefried!
"i am seriously thinking of trying to boil a ham," she stated gravely.
"have you any idea how long it takes to cook one properly?"
"a quarter of an hour for each pound."
but we can measure neither hours nor pounds."
"i think we can do both.
i will construct a balance of some kind.
then,with a ham slung to one end, and a rifle and some cartridges to theother, i will tell you the weight of the ham to an ounce.
to ascertainthe time, i have already determined to fashion a sun-dial.
i rememberthe requisite divisions with reasonable accuracy, and a littleobservation will enable us to correct any mistakes."
"you are really very clever, mr. jenks," said iris, with childlikecandor.
"have you spent several years of your life in preparing forresidence on a desert island?"
"something of the sort.
i have led a queer kind of existence, full ofuseless purposes.
fate has driven me into a corner where my odds andends of knowledge are actually valuable.
such accidents make menmillionaires."
"i can hardly credit that.
one usessuch a phrase to describe fussy people, alive with foolish activity.
your worst enemy would not place you in such a category."
"my worst enemy made the phrase effective at any rate, miss deane."
"you mean that he ruined your career?"
i suppose that describes the position with fairaccuracy."
"was he a very great scoundrel?"
"he was, and is."
jenks spoke with quiet bitterness.
the girl's words had evoked a suddenflood of recollection.
for the moment he did not notice how he had beentrapped into speaking of himself, nor did he see the quiet content oniris's face when she elicited the information that his chief foe was aman.
a certain tremulous hesitancy in her manner when she next spokemight have warned him, but his hungry soul caught only the warmsympathy of her words, which fell like rain on parched soil.
"you are tired," she said.
"won't you smoke for a little while, andtalk to me?"
he produced his pipe and tobacco, but he used his right hand awkwardly.
it was evident to her alert eyes that the torn quick on his injuredfinger was hurting him a great deal.
the exciting events of the morninghad caused him temporarily to forget his wound, and the rapid coursingof the blood through the veins was now causing him agonized throbs.
with a cry of distress she sprang to her feet and insisted upon washingthe wound.
then she tenderly dressed it with a strip of linen wellsoaked in brandy, thinking the while, with a sudden rush of color toher face, that although he could suggest this remedy for her slighthurt, he gave no thought to his own serious injury.
finally she pouncedupon his pipe and tobacco-box.
"don't be alarmed," she laughed.
"i have often filled my father's pipefor him.
first, you put the tobacco in loosely, taking care not to useany that is too finely powdered.
then you pack the remainder quitetightly.
but i was nearly forgetting.
i haven't blown, through the pipeto see if it is clean."
she suited the action to the word, using much needless breath in theoperation.
"that is a first-rate pipe," she declared.
"my father always said thata straight stem, with the bowl at a right angle, was the correct shape.
you evidently agree with him."
"you will like my father when you meet him.
he is the very best manalive, i am sure."
"you two are great friends, then?"
he is the only friend i possess in the world."
is that quite accurate?"
of course, mr. jenks, i can never forget how much i owe toyou.
i like you immensely, too, although you are so--so gruff to me attimes.
but--but--you see, my father and i have always been together.
ihave neither brother nor sister, not even a cousin.
my dear mother diedfrom some horrid fever when i was quite a little girl.
my father iseverything to me."
he murmured, apparently uttering his thoughts aloudrather than addressing her directly.
"so you find me gruff, eh?"
"a regular bear, when you lecture me.
but that is only occasionally.
you can be very nice when you like, when you forget your past troubles.
and pray, why do you call me a child?
"have i done so?"
"not a moment ago.
how old are you, mr. jenks?
i am twenty--twenty lastdecember."
"and i," he said, "will be twenty-eight in august."
"i am very sorry, but i really thought youwere forty at least."
"i look it, no doubt.
let me be equally candid and admit that you, too,show your age markedly."
she smiled nervously.
"what a lot of trouble you must have hadto--to--to give you those little wrinkles in the corners of your mouthand eyes," she said.
"i don't know.
i think they rather suit you; besides, it was stupid ofme to imagine you were so old.
i suppose exposure to the sun createswrinkles, and you must have lived much in the open air."
"early rising and late going to bed are bad for the complexion," hedeclared, solemnly.
"i often wonder how army officers manage to exist," she said.
"theynever seem to get enough sleep, in the east, at any rate.
i have seenthem dancing for hours after midnight, and heard of them pig-stickingor schooling hunters at five o'clock next morning."
"so you assume i have been in the army?"
"i am quite sure of it."
"may i ask why?"
"your manner, your voice, your quiet air of authority, the very way youwalk, all betray you."
"then," he said sadly, "i will not attempt to deny the fact.
i held acommission in the indian staff corps for nine years.
it was a hobby ofmine, miss deane, to make myself acquainted with the best means ofvictualing my men and keeping them in good health under all sorts offanciful conditions and in every kind of climate, especially undercircumstances when ordinary stores were not available.
with that objectin view i read up every possible country in which my regiment might beengaged, learnt the local names of common articles of food, andascertained particularly what provision nature made to sustain life.
the study interested me.
once, during the soudan campaign, it wasreally useful, and procured me promotion."
"tell me about it."
"during some operations in the desert it was necessary for my troop tofollow up a small party of rebels mounted on camels, which, as youprobably know, can go without water much longer than horses.
we werealmost within striking distance, when our horses completely gave out,but i luckily noticed indications which showed that there was waterbeneath a portion of the plain much below the general level.
half anhour's spade work proved that i was right.
we took up the pursuitagain, and ran the quarry to earth, and i got my captaincy."
"was there no fight?"
he paused an appreciable time before replying.
then he evidently madeup his mind to perform some disagreeable task.
the watching girl couldsee the change in his face, the sharp transition from eager interest toangry resentment.
"yes," he went on at last, "there was a fight.
it was a rather stiffaffair, because a troop of british cavalry which should have supportedme had turned back, owing to the want of water already mentioned.
butthat did not save the officer in charge of the 24th lancers from beingseverely reprimanded."
"the 24th lancers!"
"lord ventnor's regiment!"
"lord ventnor was the officer in question."
her face crimonsed.
"then you know him?"
"is he your enemy?"
"and that is why you were so agitated that last day on the_sirdar_, when poor lady tozer asked me if i were engaged to him?"
"how could it affect you?
you did not even know my name then?"
she did not stop to ask herself why she framed her questionin such manner, but the sailor was now too profoundly moved to heed theslip.
she could not tell how he was fighting with himself, fiercelybeating down the inner barriers of self-love, sternly determined, onceand for all, to reveal himself in such light to this beautiful andbewitching woman that in future she would learn to regard him only asan outcast whose company she must perforce tolerate until relief came.
"it affected me because the sudden mention of his name recalled my owndisgrace.
i quitted the army six months ago, miss deane, under verypainful circumstances.
a general court-martial found me guilty ofconduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman.
i was not even given achance to resign.
i was cashiered."
he pretended to speak with cool truculence.
he thought to compel herinto shrinking contempt.
yet his face blanched somewhat, and though hesteadily kept the pipe between his teeth, and smoked with studiedunconcern, his lips twitched a little.
and he dared not look at her, for the girl's wondering eyes were fixedupon him, and the blush had disappeared as quickly as it came.
"i remember something of this," she said slowly, never once avertingher gaze.
"there was some gossip concerning it when i first came tohong kong.
you are captain robert anstruther?"
"and you publicly thrashed lord ventnor as the result of a quarrelabout a woman?"
"your recollection is quite accurate."
"who was to blame?"
"the lady said that i was."
"was it true?"
robert anstruther, late captain of bengal cavalry, rose to his feet.
hepreferred to take his punishment standing.
"the court-martial agreed with her, miss deane, and i am a prejudicedwitness," he replied.
"who was the--lady?"
"the wife of my colonel, mrs.
long afterwards he remembered the agony of that moment, and winced evenat the remembrance.
but he had decided upon a fixed policy, and he wasnot a man to flinch from consequences.
miss deane must be taught todespise him, else, god help them both, she might learn to love him ashe now loved her.
so, blundering towards his goal as men always blunderwhere a woman's heart is concerned, he blindly persisted in allowingher to make such false deductions as she chose from his words.
iris was the first to regain some measure of self-control.
"i am glad you have been so candid, captain anstruther," she commenced,but he broke in abruptly--"jenks, if you please, miss deane.
there was a curious light in her eyes, but he did not see it, and hervoice was marvelously subdued as she continued--"certainly, mr. jenks.
let me be equally explicit before we quit thesubject.
i have met mrs. costobell.
i do not like her.
i consider her adeceitful woman.
your court-martial might have found a differentverdict had its members been of her sex.
as for lord ventnor, he isnothing to me.
it is true he asked my father to be permitted to pay hisaddresses to me, but my dear old dad left the matter wholly to mydecision, and i certainly never gave lord ventnor any encouragement.
ibelieve now that mrs. costobell lied, and that lord ventnor lied, whenthey attributed any dishonorable action to you, and i am glad that youbeat him in the club.
i am quite sure he deserved it."
not one word did this strange man vouchsafe in reply.
he startedviolently, seized the axe lying at his feet, and went straight amongthe trees, keeping his face turned from iris so that she might not seethe tears in his eyes.
as for the girl, she began to scour her cooking utensils with muchenergy, and soon commenced a song.
considering that she was compelledto constantly endure the company of a degraded officer, who had beenexpelled from the service with ignominy, she was absurdly contented.
indeed, with the happy inconsequence of youth, she quickly threw allcare to the winds, and devoted her thoughts to planning a surprise forthe next day by preparing some tea, provided she could surreptitiouslyopen the chest.
before night closed their third day on the island jenks managed toconstruct a roomy tent-house, with a framework of sturdy trees selectedon account of their location.
to these he nailed or tied crossbeams offelled saplings; and the tarpaulins dragged from the beach suppliedroof and walls.
it required the united strength of iris and himself tohaul into position the heavy sheet that topped the structure, whilst hewas compelled to desist from active building operations in order tofashion a rough ladder.
without some such contrivance he could not getthe topmost supports adjusted at a sufficient height.
although the edifice required at least two more days of hard workbefore it would be fit for habitation iris wished to take up herquarters there immediately.
this the sailor would not hear of.
"in the cave," he said, "you are absolutely sheltered from all thewinds that blow or rain that falls.
our villa, however, is painfullyleaky and draughty at present.
when asleep, the whole body is relaxed,and you are then most open to the attacks of cold or fever, in whichcase, miss deane, i shall be reluctantly obliged to dose you with aconcoction of that tree there."
he pointed to a neighboring cinchona, and iris naturally asked why heselected that particular brand.
"because it is quinine, not made up in nice little tabloids, but _aunaturel_.
it will not be a bad plan if we prepare a strong infusion,and take a small quantity every morning on the excellent principle thatprevention is better than cure."
the girl laughed.
she said; "that reminds me--"but the words died away on her lips in sudden fright.
they werestanding on the level plateau in front of the cave, well removed fromthe trees, and they could see distinctly on all sides, for the sun wassinking in a cloudless sky and the air was preternaturally clear, beingfree now from the tremulous haze of the hot hours.
across the smooth expanse of sandy ground came the agonized shrieks ofa startled bird--a large bird, it would seem--winging its way towardsthem with incredible swiftness, and uttering a succession of loudfull-voiced notes of alarm.
yet the strange thing was that not a bird was to be seen.
at that hourthe ordinary feathered inhabitants of the island were quietly nestlingamong the branches preparatory to making a final selection of thenight's resting-place.
none of them would stir unless actuallydisturbed.
iris drew near to the sailor.
involuntarily she caught his arm.
hestepped a half-pace in front of her to ward off any danger that mightbe heralded by this new and uncanny phenomenon.
together they strainedtheir eyes in the direction of the approaching sound, but apparentlytheir sight was bewitched; as nothing whatever was visible.
"oh, what is it?"
wailed iris, who now clung to jenks in a state ofgreat apprehension.
the clucking noise came nearer, passed them within a yard, and wasalready some distance away towards the reef when the sailor burst intoa hearty laugh, none the less genuine because of the relief it gave tohis bewildered senses.
reassured, but still white with fear, iris cried: "do speak, please,mr. jenks.
what was it?"
he managed to gasp.
"yes, a small, insignificant-looking fellow, too--so small that i didnot see him until he was almost out of range.
he has the loudest voicefor his size in the whole of creation.
a man able to shout on the samescale could easily make himself heard for twenty miles."
"then i do not like such beetles; i always hated them, but this latestvariety is positively detestable.
such nasty things ought to be kept inzoological gardens, and not turned loose.
moreover, my tea will beboiled into spinach."
nevertheless, the tea, though minus sugar or milk, was grateful enoughand particularly acceptable to the sailor, who entertained iris with adisquisition on the many virtues of that marvelous beverage.
curiouslyenough, the lifting of the veil upon the man's earlier history madethese two much better friends.
with more complete acquaintance therewas far less tendency towards certain passages which, under ordinaryconditions, could be construed as nothing else than downrightflirtation.
they made the pleasing discovery that they could both sing.
there washardly an opera in vogue that one or other did not know sufficientlywell to be able to recall the chief musical numbers.
iris had a sweetand sympathetic mezzo-soprano voice, jenks an excellent baritone, and,to the secret amazement of the girl, he rendered one or two well-knownanglo-indian barrack-room ditties with much humor.
this, then, was the _mise-en-scéne_.
iris, seated in the broken saloon-chair, which the sailor had firmlywedged into the sand for her accommodation, was attired in aclose-fitting costume selected from the small store of garments sowisely preserved by jenks.
she wore a pair of clumsy men's bootsseveral sizes too large for her.
her hair was tied up in a gipsy knoton the back of her head, and the light of a cheerful log fire danced inher blue eyes.
jenks, unshaven and ragged, squatted tailor wise near her.
close athand, on two sides, the shaggy walls of rock rose in solemn grandeur.
the neighboring trees, decked now in the sable livery of night, weredimly outlined against the deep misty blue of sea and sky or whollymerged in the shadow of the cliffs.
they lost themselves in the peaceful influences of the hour.
shipwrecked, remote from human land, environed by dangers known or onlyconjectured, two solitary beings on a tiny island, thrown haphazardfrom the depths of the china sea, this young couple, after passingunscathed through perils unknown even to the writers of melodrama,lifted up their voices in the sheer exuberance of good spirits andabounding vitality.
the girl was specially attracted by "the buffalo battery," a rollickinglyric known to all anglo-india from peshawur to tuticorin.
the air isthe familiar one of the "hen convention," and the opening verse runs inthis wise:  i love to hear the sepoy with his bold and martial tread,  and the thud of the galloping cavalry re-echoes through my head.
but sweeter far than any sound by mortal ever made  is the tramp of the buffalo battery a-going to parade.
_chorus_: for it's "hainya!
twist their tails and go.
with a "hâthi!
ele-_phant_ and buffa_lo_,    "chow-chow, chow-chow, chow-chow, chow-chow,"      "tèri ma!"
oh, that's the way they shout all day, and drive the buffalo.
iris would not be satisfied until she understood the meaning of thehindustani phrases, mastered the nasal pronunciation of "hainya,"and placed the artificial accent on _phant_ and _lo_ in thesecond line of the chorus.
jenks was concluding the last verse when there came, hurtling throughthe air, the weird cries of the singing beetle, returning, perchance,from successful foray on palm-tree rock.
this second advent of theinsect put an end to the concert.
within a quarter of an hour they wereasleep.
thenceforth, for ten days, they labored unceasingly, starting work atdaybreak and stopping only when the light failed, finding the longhours of sunshine all too short for the manifold tasks demanded ofthem, yet thankful that the night brought rest.
the sailor made out aprogramme to which he rigidly adhered.
in the first place, he completedthe house, which had two compartments, an inner room in which irisslept, and an outer, which served as a shelter for their meals andprovided a bedroom for the man.
then he constructed a gigantic sky-sign on summit rock, the smallcluster of boulders on top of the cliff.
his chief difficulty was tohoist into place the tall poles he needed, and for this purpose he hadto again visit palm-tree rock in order to secure the pulley.
byexercising much ingenuity in devising shear-legs, he at last succeededin lifting the masts into their allotted receptacles, where they werefirmly secured.
finally he was able to swing into air, high above thetops of the neighboring trees, the loftiest of which he felled in orderto clear the view on all sides, the name of the ship _sirdar_,fashioned in six-foot letters nailed and spliced together in sectionsand made from the timbers of that ill-fated vessel.
meanwhile he taught iris how to weave a net out of the strands ofunraveled cordage.
with this, weighted by bullets, he contrived acasting-net and caught a lot of small fish in the lagoon.
at first theywere unable to decide which varieties were edible, until a happyexpedient occurred to the girl.
"the seabirds can tell us," she said.
"let us spread out our haul onthe sands and leave them.
by observing those specimens seized by thebirds and those they reject we should not go far wrong."
though her reasoning was not infallible it certainly proved to be areliable guide in this instance.
among the fish selected by thefeathered connoisseurs they hit upon two species which most resembledwhiting and haddock, and these turned out to be very palatable andwholesome.
jenks knew a good deal of botany, and enough about birds todifferentiate between carnivorous species and those fit for human food,whilst the salt in their most fortunate supply of hams rendered theirmeals almost epicurean.
think of it, ye dwellers in cities, contentwith stale buns and leathery sandwiches when ye venture into the wildsof a railway refreshment-room, these two castaways, marooned by queerchance on a desert island, could sit down daily to a banquet ofvegetable soup, fish, a roast bird, ham boiled or fried, and a sagopudding, the whole washed down by cool spring water, or, should theneed arise, a draught of the best champagne!
from the rusty rifles on the reef jenks brought away the bayonets andsecured all the screws, bolts, and other small odds and ends whichmight be serviceable.
from the barrels he built a handy grate tofacilitate iris's cooking operations, and a careful search each morningamidst the ashes of any burnt wreckage accumulated a store of mostuseful nails.
the pressing need for a safe yet accessible bathing place led him andthe girl to devote one afternoon to a complete survey of thecoast-line.
by this time they had given names to all the chieflocalities.
the northerly promontory was naturally christened northcape; the western, europa point; the portion of the reef between theirhabitation and palm-tree rock became filey brig; the other sectionnorth-west reef.
the flat sandy passage across the island, containingthe cave, house, and well, was named prospect park; and the extensivestretch of sand on the south-east, with its guard of broken reefs, wasat once dubbed turtle beach when jenks discovered that an immensenumber of green turtles were paying their spring visit to the island tobury their eggs in the sand.
the two began their tour of inspection by passing the scene of thefirst desperate struggle to escape from the clutch of the typhoon.
iriswould not be content until the sailor showed her the rock behind whichhe placed her for shelter whilst he searched for water.
for a momentthe recollection of their unfortunate companions on board ship broughta lump into her throat and dimmed her eyes.
"i remember them in my prayers every night," she confided to him.
"itseems so unutterably sad that they should be lost, whilst we are aliveand happy."
the man distracted her attention by pointing out the embers of theirfirst fire.
it was the only way to choke back the tumultuous feelingsthat suddenly stormed his heart.
yes, he had never before knownsuch happiness.
how long would it last?
high up on the cliff swung thesignal to anxious searchers of the sea that here would be found thesurvivors of the _sirdar_.
and then, when rescue came, when missdeane became once more the daughter of a wealthy baronet, and he adisgraced and a nameless outcast--!
he set his teeth and savagelystruck at a full cup of the pitcher-plant which had so providentiallyrelieved their killing thirst.
"oh, why did you do that?"
it was a truefriend in need.
i wish i could do something for it to make it the bestand leafiest plant of its kind on the island."
he answered; "you can gratify your wish.
a tinful of freshwater from the well, applied daily to its roots, will quickly achievethat end."
the moroseness of his tone and manner surprised her.
for once her quickintuition failed to divine the source of his irritation.
"you give your advice ungraciously," she said, "but i will adopt itnevertheless."
a harmless incident, a kindly and quite feminine resolve, yet big withfate for both of them.
jenks's unwonted ill-humor--for the passage of days had driven from hisface all its harshness, and from his tongue all its assumedbitterness--created a passing cloud until the physical exertion ofscrambling over the rocks to round the north cape restored their normalrelations.
a strong current raced by this point to the south-east, and tore awaythe outlying spur of the headland to such an extent that the sailor wasalmost inclined to choose the easier way through the trees.
yet hepersevered, and it may be confessed that the opportunities thusafforded of grasping the girl's arm, of placing a steadying hand on hershoulder, were dominant factors in determining his choice.
at last they reached the south side, and here they at once foundthemselves in a delightfully secluded and tiny bay, sandy, tree-lined,sheltered on three sides by cliffs and rocks.
"oh," cried iris, excitedly, "what a lovely spot!
a perfect smugglers'cove."
"charming enough to look at," was the answering comment, "but open tothe sea.
if you look at the smooth riband of water out there, you willperceive a passage through the reef.
a great place for sharks, missdeane, but no place for bathers."
i had forgotten the sharks.
i suppose they must live,horrid as they are, but i don't want them to dine on me."
the mention of such disagreeable adjuncts to life on the island nolonger terrified her.
thus do english new-comers to india pass the firstthree months' residence in the country in momentary terror of snakes,and the remaining thirty years in complete forgetfulness of them.
they passed on.
whilst traversing the coral-strewn south beach, withits patches of white soft sand baking in the direct rays of the sun,jenks perceived traces of the turtle which swarmed in the neighboringsea.
"delicious eggs and turtle soup!"
he announced when iris asked him whyhe was so intently studying certain marks on the sand, caused by thegreat sea-tortoise during their nocturnal visits to thebreeding-ground.
"if they are green turtle," he continued, "we are in the lap of luxury.
they lard the alderman and inspire the poet.
when a ship comes to ourassistance i will persuade the captain to freight the vessel with themand make my fortune."
"i suppose, under the circumstances, you were not a rich man, mr.jenks," said iris, timidly.
"i possess a wealthy bachelor uncle, who made me his heir and allowedme four hundred a year; so i was a sort of croesus among staff corpsofficers.
when the smash came he disowned me by cable.
by selling myponies and my other belongings i was able to walk out of my quarterspenniless but free from debt."
"and all through a deceitful woman!"
iris peeped at him from under the brim of her sou'wester.
he seemed tobe absurdly contented, so different was his tone in discussing anecessarily painful topic to the attitude he adopted during the attackon the pitcher-plant.
she was puzzled, but ventured a further step.
"was she very bad to you, mr.
he stopped and laughed--actually roared at the suggestion.
"bad to me!"
"i had nothing to do with her.
she washumbugging her husband, not me.
fool that i was, i could not mind myown business."
so mrs. costobell was not flirting with the man who suffered on heraccount.
it is a regrettable but true statement that iris wouldwillingly have hugged mrs. costobell at that moment.
she walked on airduring the next half-hour of golden silence, and jenks did not remindher that they were passing the gruesome valley of death.
rounding europa point, the sailor's eyes were fixed on their immediatesurroundings, but iris gazed dreamily ahead.
hence it was that she wasthe first to cry in amazement--"a boat!
on the rocks!"
there was no mistake.
a ship's boat was perched high and dry on thenorth side of the cape.
even as they scrambled towards it jenksunderstood how it had come there.
when the _sirdar_ parted amidships the after section fell backinto the depths beyond the reef, and this boat must have broken loosefrom its davits and been driven ashore here by the force of the westerncurrent.
was it intact?
could they escape?
was this ark stranded on the islandfor their benefit?
if it were seaworthy, whither should they steer--tothose islands whose blue outlines were visible on the horizon?
these and a hundred other questions coursed through his brain duringthe race over the rocks, but all such wild speculations were promptlysettled when they reached the craft, for the keel and the whole of thelower timbers were smashed into matchwood.
but there were stores on board.
jenks remembered that captain ross'sforesight had secured the provisioning of all the ship's boats soonafter the first wild rush to steady the vessel after the propeller waslost.
masts, sails, oars, seats--all save two water-casks--had gone;but jenks, with eager hands, unfastened the lockers, and here he founda good supply of tinned meats and biscuits.
they had barely recoveredfrom the excitement of this find when the sailor noticed that behindthe rocks on which the craft was firmly lodged lay a small naturalbasin full of salt water, replenished and freshened by the spray ofevery gale, and completely shut off from all seaward access.
it was not more than four feet deep, beautifully carpeted with sand,and secluded by rocks on all sides.
not the tiniest crab or fish was tobe seen.
it provided an ideal bath.
iris was overjoyed.
she pointed towards their habitation.
"mr. jenks," she said, "i will be with you at tea-time."
he gathered all the tins he was able to carry and strode off, enjoiningher to fire her revolver if for the slightest reason she wantedassistance, and giving a parting warning that if she delayed too longhe would come and shout to her.
"i wonder," said the girl to herself, watching his retreating figure,"what he is afraid of.
surely by this time we have exhausted theunpleasant surprises of the island.
anyhow, now for a splash!"
she was hardly in the water before she began to be afraid on account ofjenks.
suppose anything happened to him whilst she was thoughtlesslyenjoying herself here.
so strongly did the thought possess her that shehurriedly dressed again and ran off to find him.
he was engaged in fastening a number of bayonets transversely to a longpiece of timber.
"what are you doing that for?"
"why did you return so soon?
did anything alarm you?"
"i thought you might get into mischief," she confessed.
on the other hand, i am trying to make trouble for any unwelcomevisitors," he replied.
"this is a _cheval de frise_, which iintend to set up in front of our cave in case we are compelled todefend ourselves against an attack by savages.
with this barring theway they cannot rush the position."
rainbow island was a wild spot after all.
did not thornsand briers grow very close to the gates of eden?
on the nineteenth day of their residence on the island the sailorclimbed, as was his invariable habit, to the summit rock whilst irisprepared breakfast.
at this early hour the horizon was clearly cut asthe rim of a sapphire.
he examined the whole arc of the sea with hisglasses, but not a sail was in sight.
according to his calculations,the growing anxiety as to the fate of the _sirdar_ must long erethis have culminated in the dispatch from hong kong or singapore of aspecial search vessel, whilst british warships in the china sea wouldbe warned to keep a close lookout for any traces of the steamer, tovisit all islands on their route, and to question fishermen whom theyencountered.
so help might come any day, or it might be long deferred.
he could not pierce the future, and it was useless to vex his soul withquestionings as to what might happen next week.
the great certainty ofthe hour was iris--the blue-eyed, smiling divinity who had come intohis life--waiting for him down there beyond the trees, waiting towelcome him with a sweet-voiced greeting; and he knew, with a fiercedevouring joy, that her cheek would not pale nor her lip tremble whenhe announced that at least another sun must set before the expectedrelief reached them.
he replaced the glasses in their case and dived into the wood, giving apassing thought to the fact that the wind, after blowing steadily fromthe south for nearly a week, had veered round to the north-east duringthe night.
did the change portend a storm?
well, they were now preparedfor all such eventualities, and he had not forgotten that theypossessed, among other treasures, a box of books for rainy days.
and arainy day with iris for company!
what gale that ever blew could offersuch compensation for enforced idleness?
the morning sped in uneventful work.
iris did not neglect her cherishedpitcher-plant.
after luncheon it was her custom now to carry a dishfulof water to its apparently arid roots, and she rose to fulfil herself-imposed task.
"let me help you," said jenks.
"i am not very busy this afternoon."
"no, thank you.
i simply won't allow you to touch that shrub.
the dearthing looks quite glad to see me.
it drinks up the water as greedily asa thirsty animal."
"even a cabbage has a heart, miss deane."
she laughed merrily.
"i do believe you are offering me a compliment,"she said.
"i must indeed have found favor in your eyes."
he had schooled himself to resist the opening given by this class ofretort, so he turned to make some corrections in the scale of thesun-dial he had constructed, aided therein by daily observations withthe sextant left by the former inhabitant of the cave.
iris had been gone perhaps five minutes when he heard a distant shriek,twice repeated, and then there came faintly to his ears his own name,not "jenks," but "robert," in the girl's voice.
something terrible hadhappened.
it was a cry of supreme distress.
mortal agony oroverwhelming terror alone could wring that name from her lips.
precisely in such moments this man acted with the decision, theunerring judgment, the instantaneous acceptance of great risk toaccomplish great results, that marked him out as a born soldier.
he rushed into the house and snatched from the rifle-rack one of thesix lee-metfords reposing there in apple-pie order, each with a filledmagazine attached and a cartridge already in position.
then he ran, with long swift strides, not through the trees, where hecould see nothing, but towards the beach, whence, in forty yards, theplace where iris probably was would become visible.
at once he saw her, struggling in the grasp of two ferocious-lookingdyaks, one, by his garments, a person of consequence, the other ahalf-naked savage, hideous and repulsive in appearance.
around themseven men, armed with guns and parangs, were dancing with excitement.
iris's captors were endeavoring to tie her arms, but she was a strongand active englishwoman, with muscles well knit by the constant laborof recent busy days and a frame developed by years of horse-riding andtennis-playing.
the pair evidently found her a tough handful, and theinferior dyak, either to stop her screams--for she was shrieking"robert, come to me!"
with all her might--or to stifle her intosubmission, roughly placed his huge hand over her mouth.
these things the sailor noticed instantly.
some men, brave to rashness,ready as he to give his life to save her, would have raced madly overthe intervening ground, scarce a furlong, and attempted a heroic combatof one against nine.
not so jenks.
with the methodical exactness of the parade-ground he settled down onone knee and leveled the rifle.
at that range the lee-metford bullettravels practically point-blank.
usually it is deficient in "stopping"power, but he had provided against this little drawback by notching allthe cartridges in the six rifles after the effective manner devised byan expert named thomas atkins during the tirah campaign.
none of the dyaks saw him.
all were intent on the sensational prizethey had secured, a young and beautiful white woman so contentedlyroaming about the shores of this fetish island.
with the slow speedadvised by the roman philosopher, the backsight and foresight of thelee-metford came into line with the breast of the coarse bruteclutching the girl's face.
then something bit him above the heart and simultaneously tore half ofhis back into fragments.
he fell, with a queer sob, and the othersturned to face this unexpected danger.
iris, knowing only that she was free from that hateful grasp, wrenchedherself free from the chief's hold, and ran with all her might alongthe beach, to jenks and safety.
again, and yet again, the rifle gave its short, sharp snarl, and twomore dyaks collapsed on the sand.
six were left, their leader beingstill unconsciously preserved from death by the figure of the flyinggirl.
a fourth dyak dropped.
the survivors, cruel savages but not cowards, unslung their guns.
thesailor, white-faced, grim, with an unpleasant gleam in his deep-seteyes and a lower jaw protruding, noticed their preparations.
"to the left!"
"run towards the trees!"
iris heard him and strove to obey.
but her strength was failing her,and she staggered blindly.
after a few despairing efforts she lurchedfeebly to her knees, and tumbled face downwards on the broken coralthat had tripped her faltering footsteps.
jenks was watching her, watching the remaining dyaks, from whom aspluttering volley came, picking out his quarry with the murderous easeof a terrier in a rat-pit.
something like a bee in a violent hurryhummed past his ear, and a rock near his right foot was struck atremendous blow by an unseen agency.
he liked this.
it would be abattle, not a battue.
the fifth dyak crumpled into the distortion of death, and then theirleader took deliberate aim at the kneeling marksman who threatened towipe him and his band out of existence.
but his deliberation, thoughskilful, was too profound.
the sailor fired first, and wasprofessionally astonished to see the gaudily attired individual tossedviolently backward for many yards, finally pitching headlong to theearth.
had he been charged by a bull in full career he could not havebeen more utterly discomfited.
the incident was sensational butinexplicable.
yet another member of the band was prostrated ere the two as yetunscathed thought fit to beat a retreat.
this they now did withcelerity, but they dragged their chief with them.
it was no part ofjenks's programme to allow them to escape.
he aimed again at the mannearest the trees.
there was a sharp click and nothing more.
thecartridge was a mis-fire.
he hastily sought to eject it, and the riflejammed.
these little accidents will happen, even in a good weapon likethe lee-metford.
springing to his feet with a yell he ran forward.
the flying men caughta glimpse of him and accelerated their movements.
just as he reachediris they vanished among the trees.
slinging the rifle over his shoulder, he picked up the girl in hisarms.
she was conscious, but breathless.
"you are not hurt?"
he gasped, his eyes blazing into her face with anintensity that she afterwards remembered as appalling.
"no," she whispered.
"listen," he continued in labored jerks.
"try and obey me--exactly.
iwill carry you--to the cave.
shoot any one you see--till icome."
she heard him wonderingly.
was he going to leave her, now that he hadher safely clasped to his breast?
ah, she understood.
thosemen must have landed in a boat.
he intended to attack them again.
hewas going to fight them single-handed, and she would not know whathappened to him until it was all over.
gradually her vitality returned.
she almost smiled at the fantastic conceit that _she_ would desert_him_.
jenks placed her on her feet at the entrance to the cave.
"you understand," he cried, and without waiting for an answer, ran tothe house for another rifle.
this time, to her amazement, he dartedback through prospect park towards the south beach.
the sailor knewthat the dyaks had landed at the sandy bay iris had christenedsmugglers' cove.
they were acquainted with the passage through the reefand came from the distant islands.
now they would endeavor to escape bythe same channel.
they must be prevented at all costs.
he was right.
as they came out into the open he saw three men, not two,pushing off a large sampan.
one of them, _mirabile dictu_, was thechief.
then jenks understood that his bullet had hit the lock of thedyak's uplifted weapon, with the result already described.
by a miraclehe had escaped.
he coolly prepared to slay the three of them with the same calm purposethat distinguished the opening phase of this singularly one-sidedconflict.
the distance was much greater, perhaps 800 yards from thepoint where the boat came into view.
he knelt and fired.
he judged thatthe missile struck the craft between the trio.
"i didn't allow for the sun on the side of the foresight," he said.
"orperhaps i am a bit shaky after the run.
in any event they can't gofar."
a hurrying step on the coral behind him caught his ear.
instantly hesprang up and faced about--to see iris.
"they are escaping," she said.
"no fear of that," he replied, turning away from her.
"where are the others?"
"do you mean that you killed nearly all those men?"
"six of them.
there were nine in all."
he knelt again, lifting the rifle.
iris threw herself on her knees byhis side.
there was something awful to her in this chill andbusiness-like declaration of a fixed purpose.
"mr. jenks," she said, clasping her hands in an agony of entreaty, "donot kill more men for my sake!"
"for my own sake, then," he growled, annoyed at the interruption, asthe sampan was afloat.
"then i ask you for god's sake not to take another life.
what you havealready done was unavoidable, perhaps right.
this is murder!"
he lowered his weapon and looked at her.
"if those men get away they will bring back a host to avenge theircomrades--and secure you," he added.
"it may be the will of providence for such a thing to happen.
yet iimplore you to spare them."
he placed the rifle on the sand and raised her tenderly, for she hadyielded to a paroxysm of tears.
not another word did either of themspeak in that hour.
the large triangular sail of the sampan was nowbellying out in the south wind.
a figure stood up in the stern of theboat and shook a menacing arm at the couple on the beach.
it was the malay chief, cursing them with the rude eloquence of hisbarbarous tongue.
and jenks well knew what he was saying.
they looked long and steadfastly at the retreating boat.
soon itdiminished to a mere speck on the smooth sea.
the even breeze kept itscanvas taut, and the sailor knew that no ruse was intended--the dyakswere flying from the island in fear and rage.
they would return with aforce sufficient to insure the wreaking of their vengeance.
that he would again encounter them at no distant date jenks had nodoubt whatever.
they would land in such numbers as to render anyresistance difficult and a prolonged defence impossible.
would helpcome first?--a distracting question to which definite answer could notbe given.
the sailor's brow frowned in deep lines; his brain throbbednow with an anxiety singularly at variance with his cool demeanorduring the fight.
he was utterly unconscious that his left armencircled the shoulder of the girl until she gently disengaged herselfand said appealingly--"please, mr. jenks, do not be angry with me.
i could not help it.
icould not bear to see you shoot them."
then he abruptly awoke to the realities of the moment.
he said, his drawn features relaxing into a wonderfullypleasing smile.
"we will return to our castle.
we are safe for theremainder of this day, at any rate."
something must be said or done to reassure her.
she was stillgrievously disturbed, and he naturally ascribed her agitation to thehorror of her capture.
he dreaded a complete collapse if any furtheralarms threatened at once.
yet he was almost positive--though searchalone would set at rest the last misgiving--that only one sampan hadvisited the island.
evidently the dyaks were unprepared as he for theevents of the preceding half-hour.
they were either visiting the islandto procure turtle and _bêche-de-mer_ or had merely called there_en route_ to some other destination, and the change in the windhad unexpectedly compelled them to put ashore.
beyond all doubt theymust have been surprised by the warmth of the reception theyencountered.
probably, when he went to summit rock that morning, the savages hadlowered their sail and were steadily paddling north against wind andcurrent.
the most careful scrutiny of the sea would fail to reveal thembeyond a distance of six or seven miles at the utmost.
after landing in the hidden bay on the south side, they crossed theisland through the trees instead of taking the more natural open wayalong the beach.
the fact that he and iris were then passing thegrown-over tract leading to the valley of death instantly determinedthis point.
the dyaks knew of this affrighting hollow, and would notapproach any nearer to it than was unavoidable.
could he twist thiscircumstance to advantage if iris and he were still stranded there whenthe superstitious sea-rovers next put in an appearance?
he would see.
all depended on the girl's strength.
if she gave way now--if, insteadof taking instant measures for safety, he were called upon to nurse herthrough a fever--the outlook became not only desperate but hopeless.
and, whilst he bent his brows in worrying thought, the color wasreturning to iris's cheeks, and natural buoyancy to her step.
it is thefault of all men to underrate the marvelous courage and constancy ofwoman in the face of difficulties and trials.
jenks was no exception tothe rule.
"you do not ask me for any account of my adventures," she said quietly,after watching his perplexed expression in silence for some time.
her tone almost startled him, its unassumed cheerfulness was sounlooked for.
"no," he answered.
"i thought you were too overwrought to talk of themat present."
not a bit of it!
i was dead beat with the struggle andwith screaming for you, but please don't imagine that i am going tofaint or treat you to a display of hysteria now that all the excitementhas ended.
i admit that i cried a little when you pushed me aside onthe beach and raised your gun to fire at those poor wretches flying fortheir lives.
yet perhaps i was wrong to hinder you."
"you were wrong," he gravely interrupted.
"then you should not have heeded me.
no, i don't mean that.
you alwaysconsider me first, don't you?
no matter what i ask you to do youendeavor to please me, even when you know all the time that i am actingor speaking foolishly."
the unthinking _naïveté_ of her words sent the blood coursingwildly through his veins.
"never mind," she went on with earnest simplicity.
"god has been verygood to us.
i cannot believe that he has preserved us from so manydangers to permit us to perish miserably a few hours, or days, beforehelp comes.
and i _do_ want to tell you exactly what happened."
"then you shall," he answered.
"but first drink this."
they had reachedtheir camping-ground, and he hastened to procure a small quantity ofbrandy.
she swallowed the spirit with a protesting _moue_.
she reallyneeded no such adventitious support, she said.
"all right," commented jenks.
"if you don't want a drink, i do."
"i can quite believe it," she retorted.
"_your_ case is verydifferent.
_i_ knew the men would not hurt me--after the firstshock of their appearance had passed, i mean--i also knew that youwould save me.
but you, mr. jenks, had to do the fighting.
you werecalled upon to rescue precious me.
no wonder you wereexcited."
the sailor mentally expressed his inability to grasp the complexitiesof feminine nature, but iris rattled on----"i carried my tin of water to the pitcher-plant, and was listening tothe greedy roots gurgling away for dear life, when suddenly four mensprang out from among the trees and seized my arms before i could reachmy revolver."
"thank heaven you failed."
"you think that if i had fired at them they would have retaliated.
yes,especially if i had hit the chief.
but it was he who instantly gavesome order, and i suppose it meant that they were not to hurt me.
as amatter of fact, they seemed to be quite as much astonished as i wasalarmed.
but if they could hold my hands they could not stop my voiceso readily.
didn't i yell?"
"i suppose you could not hear me distinctly?"
she bent to pick some leaves and bits of dry grass from her dress.
"well, you know," she continued rapidly, "in such moments one cannotchoose one's words.
i just shouted the first thing that came into myhead."
"and i," he said, "picked up the first rifle i could lay hands on.
now,miss deane, as the affair has ended so happily, may i venture to askyou to remain in the cave until i return?"
"oh, please--" she began.
"really, i must insist.
i would not leave you if it were not quiteimperative.
you _cannot_ come with me."
then she understood one at least of the tasks he must perform, and shemeekly obeyed.
he thought it best to go along turtle beach to the cove, and thencefollow the dyaks' trail through the wood, as this line of advance wouldentail practically a complete circuit of the island.
he omitted noprecautions in his advance.
often he stopped and listened intently.
whenever he doubled a point or passed among the trees he crept back andpeered along the way he had come, to see if any lurking foes werebreaking shelter behind him.
the marks on the sand proved that only one sampan had been beached.
thence he found nothing of special interest until he came upon thechief's gun, lying close to the trees on the north side.
it was a veryornamental weapon, a muzzle-loader.
the stock was inlaid with gold andivory, and the piece had evidently been looted from some mandarin'sjunk surprised and sacked in a former foray.
the lock was smashed by the impact of the lee-metford bullet, but closeinvestigation of the trigger-guard, and the discovery of certainunmistakable evidences on the beach, showed that the dyak leader hadlost two if not three fingers of his right hand.
"so he has something more than his passion to nurse," mused jenks.
"that at any rate is fortunate.
he will be in no mood for furtherenterprise for some time to come."
he dreaded lest any of the dyaks should be only badly wounded andlikely to live.
it was an actual relief to his nerves to find that theimprovised dum-dums had done their work too well to permit anxiety onthat score.
on the principle that a "dead injun is a good injun" thesedyaks were good dyaks.
he gathered the guns, swords and krisses of the slain, with all theiruncouth belts and ornaments.
in pursuance of a vaguely defined plan offuture action he also divested some of the men of their coarsegarments, and collected six queer-looking hats, shaped like invertedbasins.
these things he placed in a heap near the pitcher-plants.
thenceforth, for half an hour, the placid surface of the lagoon wasdisturbed by the black dorsal fins of many sharks.
to one of the sailor's temperament there was nothing revolting in theconcluding portion of his task.
he had a god-given right to live.
itwas his paramount duty, remitted only by death itself, to endeavor tosave iris from the indescribable fate from which no power could rescueher if ever she fell into the hands of these vindictive savages.
therefore it was war between him and them, war to the bitter end, warwith no humane mitigation of its horrors and penalties, the last dreadarbitrament of man forced to adopt the methods of the tiger.
his guess at the weather conditions heralded by the change of wind wasright.
as the two partook of their evening meal the complaining surflashed the reef, and the tremulous branches of the taller trees voicedthe approach of a gale.
a tropical storm, not a typhoon, but a belatedburst of the periodic rains, deluged the island before midnight.
hoursearlier iris retired, utterly worn by the events of the day.
needlessto say, there was no singing that evening.
the gale chanted a wildmelody in mournful chords, and the noise of the watery downpour on thetarpaulin roof of belle vue castle was such as to render conversationimpossible, save in wearying shouts.
luckily, jenks's carpentry was effective, though rough.
the buildingwas water-tight, and he had calked every crevice with unraveled ropeuntil iris's apartment was free from the tiniest draught.
the very fury of the external turmoil acted as a lullaby to the girl.
she was soon asleep, and the sailor was left to his thoughts.
sleep he could not.
he smoked steadily, with a magnificent prodigality,for his small stock of tobacco was fast diminishing.
he ransacked hisbrains to discover some method of escape from this enchanted island,where fairies jostled with demons, and hours of utter happiness foundtheir bane in moments of frightful peril.
of course he ought to have killed those fellows who escaped.
theirsampan might have provided a last desperate expedient if other savageseffected a landing.
well, there was no use in being wise after theevent, and, scheme as he might, he could devise no way to avoiddisaster during the next attack.
this, he felt certain, would take place at night.
the dyaks would landin force, rush the cave and hut, and overpower him by sheer numbers.
the fight, if fight there was, would be sharp, but decisive.
perhaps,if he received some warning, iris and he might retreat in the darknessto the cover of the trees.
a last stand could be made among theboulders on summit rock.
but of what avail to purchase their freedomuntil daylight?
and then----if ever man wrestled with desperate problem, jenks wrought that night.
he smoked and pondered until the storm passed, and, with thechangefulness of a poet's muse, a full moon flooded the island inglorious radiance.
he rose, opened the door, and stood without,listening for a little while to the roaring of the surf and the crashof the broken coral swept from reef and shore by the backwash.
the petty strife of the elements was soothing to him.
"they aresnarling like whipped dogs," he said aloud.
"one might almost fancy herladyship the moon appearing on the scene as a uranian venus, cowing seaand storm by the majesty of her presence."
pleased with the conceit, he looked steadily at the brilliant luminaryfor some time.
then his eyes were attracted by the strong lights thrownupon the rugged face of the precipice into which the cavern burrowed.
unconsciously relieving his tired senses, he was idly wondering whattrick of color turner would have adopted to convey those sharp yetweirdly beautiful contrasts, when suddenly he uttered a startledexclamation.
"i never noticed that before."
the feature which so earnestly claimed his attention was a deep ledge,directly over the mouth of the cave, but some forty feet from theground.
behind it the wall of rock sloped darkly inwards, suggesting arecess extending by haphazard computation at least a couple of yards.
it occurred to him that perhaps the fault in the interior of the tunnelhad its outcrop here, and the deodorizing influences of rain and sunhad extended the weak point thus exposed in the bold panoply of stone.
he surveyed the ledge from different points of view.
it was quiteinaccessible, and most difficult to estimate accurately from the groundlevel.
the sailor was a man of action.
he chose the nearest tall treeand began to climb.
he was not eight feet from the ground beforeseveral birds flew out from its leafy recesses, filling the air withshrill clucking.
"the devil take them!"
he growled, for he feared that the commotionwould awaken iris.
he was still laboriously worming his way through theinner maze of branches when a well-known voice reached him from theground.
"mr. jenks, what on earth are you doing up there?"
so those wretched fowls aroused you?"
"yes; but why did you arouse them?"
"i had a fancy to roost by way of a change""please be serious."
"i am more than serious.
this tree grows a variety of small sharp thornthat induces a maximum of gravity--before one takes the next step."
"but why do you keep on climbing?"
"it is sheer lunacy, i admit.
yet on such a moonlit night there is somereasonable ground for even a mad excuse."
"mr. jenks, tell me at once what you are doing."
iris strove to be severe, but there was a touch of anxiety in her tonethat instantly made the sailor apologetic.
he told her about the ledge,and explained his half-formed notion that here they might secure a saferetreat in case of further attack--a refuge from which they might defyassault during many days.
it was, he said, absolutely impossible towait until the morning.
he must at once satisfy himself whether theproject was impracticable or worthy of further investigation.
so the girl only enjoined him to be careful, and he vigorously renewedthe climb.
at last, some twenty-five feet from the ground, anaccidental parting in the branches enabled him to get a good look atthe ledge.
one glance set his heart beating joyously.
it was at leastfifteen feet in length; it shelved back until its depth was lost in theblackness of the shadows, and the floor must be either nearly level orsloping slightly inwards to the line of the fault.
the place was a perfect eagle's nest.
a chamois could not reach it fromany direction; it became accessible to man only by means of a ladder ora balloon.
more excited by this discovery than he cared for iris to know, heendeavored to appear unconcerned when he regained the ground.
"well," she said, "tell me all about it."
he described the nature of the cavity as well as he understood it atthe moment, and emphasized his previous explanation of its virtues.
here they might reasonably hope to make a successful stand against thedyaks.
"then you feel sure that those awful creatures will come back?"
"only too sure, unfortunately."
"how remorseless poor humanity is when the veneer is stripped off!
whycannot they leave us in peace?
i suppose they now cherish a blood feudagainst us.
perhaps, if i had not been here, they would not haveinjured you.
somehow i seem to be bound up with your misfortunes."
"i would not have it otherwise were it in my power," he answered.
foran instant he left unchallenged the girl's assumption that she was inany way responsible for the disasters which had broken up his career.
he looked into her eyes and almost forgot himself.
then the sense offair dealing that dominates every true gentleman rose within him andgripped his wavering emotions with ruthless force.
was this a time toplay upon the high-strung sensibilities of this youthful daughter ofthe gods, to seek to win from her a confession of love that a few briefdays or weeks might prove to be only a spasmodic, but momentarilyall-powerful, gratitude for the protection he had given her?
and he spoke aloud, striving to laugh, lest his words should falter--"you can console yourself with the thought, miss deane, that yourpresence on the island will in no way affect my fate at the hands ofthe dyaks.
had they caught me unprepared today my head would now becovered with a solution of the special varnish they carry on everyforeign expedition."
"yes, as a preservative, you understand."
"and yet these men are human beings!"
"for purposes of classification, yes.
keeping to strict fact, it waslucky for me that you raised the alarm, and gave me a chance todiscount the odds of mere numbers.
so, you see, you really did me agood turn."
"what can be done now to save our lives?
anything will be better thanto await another attack."
"the first thing to do is to try to get some sleep before daylight.
howdid you know i was not in the castle?"
"i cannot tell you.
i awoke and knew you were not near me.
if i wake inthe night i can always tell whether or not you are in the next room.
soi dressed and came out."
he said, quietly.
"evidently i snore."
this explanation killed romance.
iris retreated and the sailor, tired out at last, managed to close hisweary eyes.
next morning he hastily constructed a pole of sufficient length andstrong enough to bear his weight, by tying two sturdy young treestogether with ropes.
iris helped him to raise it against the face ofthe precipice, and he at once climbed to the ledge.
here he found his observations of the previous night abundantlyverified.
the ledge was even wider than he dared to hope, nearly tenfeet deep in one part, and it sloped sharply downwards from the outerlip of the rock.
by lying flat and carefully testing all points ofview, he ascertained that the only possible positions from which even aglimpse of the interior floor could be obtained were the branches of afew tall trees and the extreme right of the opposing precipice, nearlyninety yards distant.
there was ample room to store water andprovisions, and he quickly saw that even some sort of shelter from thefierce rays of the sun and the often piercing cold of the night mightbe achieved by judiciously rigging up a tarpaulin.
"this is a genuine bit of good luck," he mused.
"here, provided neitherof us is hit, we can hold out for a week or longer, at a pinch.
how canit be possible that i should have lived on this island so many days andyet hit upon this nook of safety by mere chance, as it were?"
not until he reached the level again could he solve the puzzle.
then heperceived that the way in which the cliff bulged out on both sidesprevented the ledge from becoming evident in profile, whilst, seen_en plein face_ in the glare of the sunlight, it suggested nothingmore than a slight indentation.
he rapidly sketched to iris the defensive plan which the eagle's nestsuggested.
access must be provided by means of a rope-ladder, securelyfastened inside the ledge, and capable of being pulled up or let downat the will of the occupants.
then the place must be kept constantlystocked with a judicious supply of provisions, water, and ammunition.
they could be covered with a tarpaulin, and thus kept in fairly goodcondition.
"we ought to sleep there every night," he went on, and his mind was soengrossed with the tactical side of the preparations that he did notnotice how iris blanched at the suggestion.
"surely not until danger actually threatens?"
"danger threatens us each hour after sunset.
it may come any night,though i expect at least a fortnight's reprieve.
nevertheless, i intendto act as if tonight may witness the first shot of the siege."
"do you mean that?"
"and my little room is becoming so verycozy!"
belle vue castle, their two-roomed hut, was already a home to them.
jenks always accepted her words literally.
"well," he announced, after a pause, "it may not be necessary to takeup our quarters there until the eleventh hour.
after i have hoisted upour stores and made the ladder, i will endeavor to devise an efficientcordon of sentinels around our position.
we will see."
not another word could iris get out of him on the topic.
indeed, heprovided her with plenty of work.
by this time she could splice a ropemore neatly than her tutor, and her particular business was to prepareno less than sixty rungs for the rope-ladder.
this was an impossibletask for one day, but after dinner the sailor helped her.
they toiledlate, until their fingers were sore and their backbones creaked as theysat upright.
meanwhile jenks swarmed up the pole again, and drew up after him acrowbar, the sledge-hammer, and the pickaxe.
with these implements heset to work to improve the accommodation.
of course he did not attemptseriously to remove any large quantity of rock, but there wereprojecting lumps here and inequalities of floor there which could bethumped or pounded out of existence.
it was surprising to see what a clearance he made in an hour.
theexistence of the fault helped him a good deal, as the percolation ofwater at this point had oxidized the stone to rottenness.
to his greatjoy he discovered that a few prods with the pick laid bare a smallcavity which could be easily enlarged.
here he contrived a niche whereiris could remain in absolute safety when barricaded by stores, whilst,with a squeeze, she was entirely sheltered from the one dangerous pointon the opposite cliff, nor need she be seen from the trees.
having hauled into position two boxes of ammunition--for which he hadscooped out a special receptacle--the invaluable water-kegs from thestranded boat, several tins of biscuits and all the tinned meats,together with three bottles of wine and two of brandy, he hastilyabandoned the ledge and busied himself with fitting a number ofgun-locks to heavy faggots.
iris watched his proceedings in silence for some time.
at last theinterval for luncheon enabled her to demand an explanation.
"if you don't tell me at once what you intend to do with those strangeimplements," she said, "i will form myself into an amalgamated engineerand come out on strike."
"if you do," he answered, "you will create a precedent.
there is norecorded case of a laborer claiming what he calls his rights when hislife is at stake.
even an american tramp has been known to work like afiend under that condition."
"simply because an american tramp tries, like every other mere male, tobe logical.
a woman is more heroic.
i once read of a french lady beingkilled during an earthquake because she insisted on going into afalling house to rescue that portion of her hair which usually restedon the dressing-table whilst she was asleep."
"i happen to know," he said, "that you are personally unqualified toemulate her example."
she laughed merrily, so lightly did yesterday's adventure sit upon her.
the allusion to her disheveled state when they were thrown ashore bythe typhoon simply impressed her as amusing.
thus quickly had shebecome inured to the strange circumstances of a new life.
"i withdraw the threat and substitute a more genuine plea--curiosity,"she cried.
"then you will be gratified promptly.
these are our sentinels.
comewith me to allot his post to the most distant one."
he picked up a faggot with its queer attachment, shouldered alee-metford, and smiled when he saw the business-like air with whichiris slung a revolver around her waist.
they walked rapidly to smugglers' cove, and the girl soon perceived theingenuity of his automatic signal.
he securely bound the block of woodto a tree where it was hidden by the undergrowth.
breaking the bulletout of a cartridge, he placed the blank charge in position in front ofthe striker, the case being firmly clasped by a bent nail.
to thetrigger, the spring of which he had eased to a slight pressure, heattached a piece of unraveled rope, and this he carefully trained amongthe trees at a height of six inches from the ground, using as carriersnails driven into the trunks.
the ultimate result was that a mere swishof iris's dress against the taut cord exploded the cartridge.
he exclaimed, exultantly.
"when i have driven stakes into thesand to the water's edge on both sides of the cove, i will defy them toland by night without giving us warning."
"do you know," said iris, in all seriousness, "i think you are thecleverest man in the world."
"my dear miss deane, that is not at all a trades unionist sentiment.
equality is the key-note of their propaganda."
nevertheless he was manifestly pleased by the success of his ingeniouscontrivance, and forthwith completed the cordon.
to make doubly sure,he set another snare further within the trees.
he was certain the dyakswould not pass along turtle beach if they could help it.
by this timethe light was failing.
"that will suffice for the present," he told the girl.
"tomorrow wewill place other sentries in position at strategic points.
then we cansleep in the castle with tolerable safety."
by the meager light of the tiny lamp they labored sedulously at therope-ladder until iris's eyes were closing with sheer weariness.
neither of them had slept much during the preceding night, and theywere both completely tired.
it was with a very weak little smile that the girl bade him "goodnight," and they were soon wrapped in that sound slumber which comesonly from health, hard work, and wholesome fare.
the first streaks of dawn were tipping the opposite crags with roseatetints when the sailor was suddenly aroused by what he believed to be agunshot.
he could not be sure.
he was still collecting his scatteredsenses, straining eyes and ears intensely, when there came a secondreport.
then he knew what had happened.
the sentries on the smugglers' covepost were faithful to their trust.
the enemy was upon them.
at such a moment jenks was not a man who prayed.
indeed, he was proneto invoke the nether powers, a habit long since acquired by the britisharmy, in flanders, it is believed.
there was not a moment to be lost.
he rushed into iris's room, andgathered in his arms both her and the weird medley of garments thatcovered her.
he explained to the protesting girl, as he ran with her tothe foot of the rock, that she must cling to his shoulders withunfaltering courage whilst he climbed to the ledge with the aid of thepole and the rope placed there the previous day.
it was a magnificentfeat of strength that he essayed.
in calmer moments he would haveshrunk from its performance, if only on the score of danger to theprecious burden he carried.
now there was no time for thought.
up hewent, hand over hand, clinging to the rough pole with the tenacity of alimpet, and taking a turn of the rope over his right wrist at eachupward clutch.
at last, breathless but triumphant, he reached theledge, and was able to gasp his instructions to iris to crawl over hisbent back and head until she was safely lodged on the broad platform ofrock.
then, before she could expostulate, he descended, this time for therifles.
these he hastily slung to the rope, again swarmed up the pole,and drew the guns after him with infinite care.
even in the whirl of the moment he noticed that iris had managed topartially complete her costume.
"now we are ready for them," he growled, lying prone on the ledge andeagerly scanning both sides of prospect park for a first glimpse oftheir assailants.
for two shivering hours they waited there, until the sun was high overthe cliff and filled sea and land with his brightness.
at last, despitethe girl's tears and prayers, jenks insisted on making a reconnaissancein person.
let this portion of their adventures be passed over with mercifulbrevity.
both watch-guns had been fired by the troupe of tiny wou-woumonkeys!
iris did not know whether to laugh or cry, when jenks, withmuch difficulty, lowered her to mother earth again, and marveled thewhile how he had managed to carry forty feet into the air a young womanwho weighed so solidly.
they sat down to a belated breakfast, and jenks then became consciousthat the muscles of his arms, legs, and back were aching hugely.
it wasby that means he could judge the true extent of his achievement.
iris,too, realized it gradually, but, like the frenchwoman in theearthquake, she was too concerned with memories of her state ofdeshabille to appreciate, all at once, the incidents of the dawn.
the sailor went after those monkeys in a mood of relentless severity.
thus far, the regular denizens of rainbow island had dwelt together inpeace and mutual goodwill, but each diminutive wou-wou must be taughtnot to pull any strings he found tied promiscuously to trees or stakes.
as a preliminary essay, jenks resolved to try force combined withartifice.
failing complete success, he would endeavor to kill everymonkey in the place, though he had in full measure the inherent dislikeof anglo-india to the slaying of the tree-people.
this, then, is what he did.
after filling a biscuit tin with good-sizedpebbles, he donned a dyak hat, blouse, and belt, rubbed earth over hisface and hands, and proceeded to pelt the wou-wous mercilessly.
formore than an hour he made their lives miserable, until at the meresight of him they fled, shrieking and gurgling like a thousandwater-bottles.
finally he constructed several dyak scarecrows anderected one to guard each of his alarm-guns.
the device was thoroughlyeffective.
thenceforth, when some adventurous monkey--swinging withhands or tail among the treetops in the morning search for appetizingnut or luscious plantain--saw one of those fearsome bogies, he raisedsuch a hubbub that all his companions scampered hastily from theconfines of the wood to the inner fastnesses.
in contriving these same scarecrows--which, by the way, he had vaguelyintended at first to erect on the beach in order to frighten theinvaders and induce them to fire a warning volley--the sailor paidcloser heed to the spoils gathered from the fallen.
one, at least, ofthe belts was made of human hair, and some among its long strands couldhave come only from the flaxen-haired head of a european child.
thisfact, though ghastly enough, confirmed him in his theory that it wasimpossible to think of temporizing with these human fiends.
unhappilysuch savage virtues as they possess do not include clemency to the weakor hospitality to defenceless strangers.
there was nothing for it but afight to a finish, with the law of the jungle to decide the terms ofconquest.
that morning, of course, he had not been able to visit summit rockuntil after his cautious survey of the island.
once there, however, henoticed that the gale two nights earlier had loosened two of thesupports of his sky sign.
it was not a difficult or a long job torepair the damage.
with the invaluable axe he cut several wedges andsoon made all secure.
now, during each of the two daily examinations of the horizon which henever omitted, he minutely scrutinized the sea between rainbow islandand the distant group.
it was, perhaps, a needless precaution.
thedyaks would come at night.
with a favorable wind they need not set sailuntil dusk, and their fleet sampans would easily cover the interveningforty miles in five hours.
he could not be positive that they were actual inhabitants of theislands to the south.
the china sea swarms with wandering pirates, andthe tribe whose animosity he had earned might be equally noxious tosome peaceable fishing community on the coast.
again and again hedebated the advisability of constructing a seaworthy raft andendeavoring to make the passage.
but this would be risking all on afrightful uncertainty, and the accidental discovery of the eagle's nesthad given him new hope.
here he could make a determined and prolongedstand, and in the end help _must_ come.
so he dismissed thenavigation project, and devoted himself wholly to the perfecting of thenatural fortress in the rock.
that night they finished the rope-ladder.
indeed, jenks was determinednot to retire to rest until it was placed _in situ_; he did notcare to try a second time to carry iris to that elevated perch, and itmay be remarked that thenceforth the girl, before going to sleep,simply changed one ragged dress for another.
one of the first things he contemplated was the destruction, ifpossible, of the point on the opposite cliff which commanded the ledge.
this, however, was utterly impracticable with the appliances at hiscommand.
the top of the rock sloped slightly towards the west, andnothing short of dynamite or regular quarrying operations would renderit untenable by hostile marksmen.
during the day his lee-metfords, at ninety yards' range, might betrusted to keep the place clear of intruders.
but at night--that wasthe difficulty.
he partially solved it by fixing two rests on the ledgeto support a rifle in exact line with the center of the enemy'ssupposed position, and as a variant, on the outer rest he marked lineswhich corresponded with other sections of the entire front available tothe foe.
even then he was not satisfied.
when time permitted he made manyexperiments with ropes reeved through the pulley and attached to arifle action.
he might have succeeded in his main object had not histhoughts taken a new line.
his aim was to achieve some method ofopening and closing the breech-block by means of two ropes.
thedifficulty was to secure the preliminary and final lateral movement ofthe lever bolt, but it suddenly occurred to him that if he could manageto convey the impression that iris and he had left the island, thedyaks would go away after a fruitless search.
the existence of ropesalong the face of the rock--an essential to his mechanicalscheme--would betray their whereabouts, or at any rate excite dangerouscuriosity.
so he reluctantly abandoned his original design, though notwholly, as will be seen in due course.
in pursuance of his latest idea he sedulously removed from the foot ofthe cliff all traces of the clearance effected on the ledge, and,although he provided supports for the tarpaulin covering, he did notadjust it.
iris and he might lie _perdu_ there for days withouttheir retreat being found out.
this development suggested the necessityof hiding their surplus stores and ammunition, and what spot could bemore suitable than the cave?
so jenks began to dig once more in the interior, laboring manfully withpick and shovel in the locality of the fault with its vein of antimony.
it was thus that he blundered upon the second great event of his life.
rainbow island had given him the one thing a man prizes above allelse--a pure yet passionate love for a woman beautiful alike in bodyand mind.
and now it was to endow him with riches that might stir thepulse of even a south african magnate.
for the sailor, unmindful ofpurpose other than providing the requisite _cache_, shoveling anddelving with the energy peculiar to all his actions, suddenly struck adeep vein of almost virgin gold.
to facilitate the disposal at a distance of the disturbed debris, hethrew each shovelful on to a canvas sheet, which he subsequentlydragged among the trees in order to dislodge its contents.
after doingthis four times he noticed certain metallic specks in the fifth loadwhich recalled the presence of the antimony.
but the appearance of thesixth cargo was so remarkable when brought out into the sunlight thatit invited closer inspection.
though his knowledge of geology wasslight--the half-forgotten gleanings of a brief course at eton--he wasforced to believe that the specimens he handled so dubiously containedneither copper nor iron pyrites but glittering yellow gold.
theirweight, the distribution of the metal through quartz in a transitionstate between an oxide and a telluride, compelled recognition.
somewhat excited, yet half skeptical, he returned to the excavation andscooped out yet another collection.
this time there could be nomistake.
nature's own alchemy had fashioned a veritable ingot.
therewere small lumps in the ore which would need alloy at the mint beforethey could be issued as sovereigns, so free from dross were they.
iris had gone to venus's bath, and would be absent for some time.
jenkssat down on a tree-stump.
he held in his hand a small bit of ore worthperhaps twenty pounds sterling.
slowly the conjectures already piecedtogether in his mind during early days on the island came back to him.
the skeleton of an englishman lying there among the bushes near thewell; the golgotha of the poison-filled hollow; the mining tools, bothchinese and european; the plan on the piece of tin--ah, the piece oftin!
mechanically the sailor produced it from the breast-pocket of hisjersey.
at last the mysterious sign "32/1" revealed itssignificance.
measure thirty-two feet from the mouth of the tunnel, digone foot in depth, and you came upon the mother-lode of thisgold-bearing rock.
this, then, was the secret of the cave.
the chinese knew the richness of the deposit, and exploited itstreasures by quarrying from the other side of the hill.
but their crassignorance of modern science led to their undoing.
the accumulation ofliberated carbonic acid gas in the workings killed them in scores.
theyprobably fought this unseen demon with the tenacity of their race,until the place became accursed and banned of all living things.
yethad they dug a little ditch, and permitted the invisible terror to flowquietly downwards until its potency was dissipated by sea and air, theymight have mined the whole cliff with impunity.
the unfortunate unknown, j.s.--he of the whitened bones--might havedone this thing too.
but he only possessed the half-knowledge of theworking miner, and whilst shunning the plague-stricken quarry, adoptedthe more laborious method of making an adit to strike the deposit.
hesucceeded, to perish miserably in the hour when he saw himself amillionaire.
was this a portent of the fate about to overtake the latest comers?
jenks, of course, stood up.
he always, stood square on his feet whenthe volcano within him fired his blood.
"no, by god!"
he almost shouted.
"i will break the spell.
i am senthere by providence, not to search for gold but to save a woman's life,and if all the devils of china and malay are in league against me iwill beat them!"
the sound of his own voice startled him.
he had no notion that he wasso hysterical.
promptly his british phlegm throttled the demonstration.
he was rather ashamed of it.
what was all the fuss about?
with a barrow-load of gold he could notbuy an instant's safety for iris, not to mention himself.
the languagedifficulty was insuperable.
were it otherwise, the dyaks would simplyhumbug him until he revealed the source of his wealth, and then murderhim as an effective safeguard against foreign interference.
not once since she was hurled ashore in his arms had jenks solong forgotten her existence.
should he tell her?
they were partners ineverything appertaining to the island--why keep this marvelousintelligence from her?
yet was he tempted, not ignobly, but by reason of his love for her.
once, years ago, when his arduous professional studies were distractedby a momentary infatuation for a fair face, a woman had proved ficklewhen tempted by greater wealth than he possessed.
for long he was aconfirmed misogynist, to his great and lasting gain as a leader of men.
but with more equable judgment came a fixed resolution not to marryunless his prospective bride cared only for him and not for hisposition.
to a staff corps officer, even one with a small privateincome, this was no unattainable ideal.
then he met with his_débâcle_ in the shame and agony of the court-martial.
whilst hissoul still quivered under the lash of that terrible downfall, iris cameinto his life.
he knew not what might happen if they were rescued.
thetime would quickly pass until the old order was resumed, she to go backto her position in society, he to become again a disgraced ex-officer,apparently working out a mere existence before the mast or handingplates in a saloon.
would it not be a sweet defiance of adversity were he able, even undersuch conditions, to win her love, and then disclose to her thepotentialities of the island?
perchance he might fail.
though rich ascroesus he would still be under the social ban meted out to a cashieredofficer.
she was a girl who could command the gift of coronets.
withrestoration to her father and home, gratitude to her preserver wouldassuredly remain, but, alas!
love might vanish like a mirage.
then hewould act honorably.
half of the stored wealth would be hers to do asshe chose with it.
yes, this was a possible alternative.
in case of accident to himself,and her ultimate escape, he must immediately write full details of hisdiscovery, and entrust the document to her, to be opened only after hisdeath or six months after their release.
the idea possessed him so thoroughly that he could brook no delay.
hesearched for one of the note-books taken from the dead officers of the_sirdar_, and scribbled the following letter:    "dear miss deane:    "whether i am living or dead when you read these words, you will    know that i love you.
could i repeat that avowal a million times,    in as many varied forms, i should find no better phrase to express    the dream i have cherished since a happy fate permitted me to    snatch you from death.
so i simply say, 'i love you.'
i will    continue to love you whilst life lasts, and it is my dearest hope    that in the life beyond the grave i may still be able to voice my    love for you.
"but perhaps i am not destined to be loved by you.
therefore, in    the event of my death before you leave the island, i wish to give    you instructions how to find a gold mine of great value which is    hidden in the rock containing the cave.
you remember the sign on    the piece of tin which we could not understand.
the figure 32    denotes the utmost depth of the excavation, and the 1 signifies    that one foot below the surface, on reaching the face of the rock,    there is a rich vein of gold.
the hollow on the other side of the    cliff became filled with anhydrate gas, and this stopped the    operations of the chinese, who evidently knew of the existence of    the mine.
this is all the information the experts employed by sir    arthur deane will need.
the facts are unquestionable.
"assuming that i am alive, we will, of course, be co-partners in    the mine.
if i am dead, i wish one-sixth share to be given to my    uncle, william anstruther, crossthwaite manor, northallerton,    yorkshire, as a recompense for his kindness to me during my early    life.
the remainder is to be yours absolutely.
he read this remarkable document twice through to make sure that itexactly recorded his sentiments.
he even smiled sarcastically at theendowment of the uncle who disinherited him.
then, satisfied with theperusal, he tore out the two leaves covered by the letter and began todevise a means of protecting it securely whilst in iris's possession.
at that moment he looked up and saw her coming towards him across thebeach, brightly flushed after her bath, walking like a nymph clothed intattered garments.
perceiving that he was watching her, she waved herhand and instinctively quickened her pace.
even now, when they werethrown together by the exigencies of each hour, she disliked to be longseparated from him.
instantly the scales fell from his mental vision.
imagine for one second that riches or poverty, good repute or ill,would affect that loyal heart when its virginal font was filled withthe love that once in her life comes to every true woman!
what evil spirit had power to so blind his perception of allthat was strong and beautiful in her character.
iris of the crystal soul!
iris, whose innocence and candor weremirrored in her blue eyes and breathed through her dear lips!
here wasothello acting as his own tempter, with not an iago within a thousandmiles.
laughing at his fantastic folly, jenks tore the letter into littlepieces.
it might have been wiser to throw the sheets into the embers ofthe fire close at hand, but for the nonce he was overpowered by thegreat awakening that had come to him, and he unconsciously murmured themusical lines of tennyson's "maud":  "she is coming, my own, my sweet;      were it ever so airy a tread.
my heart would hear her and beat      were it earth in an earthy bed;  my dust would hear her and beat,      had i lain for a century dead,  would start and tremble under her feet,      and blossom in purple and red."
don't gaze at me in that fashion.
i don't look like aghost, do i?"
cried iris, when near enough to note his rapt expression.
"you would not object if i called you a vision?"
he inquired quietly,averting his eyes lest they should speak more plainly than his tongue.
"not if you meant it nicely.
but i fear that 'specter' would be a moreappropriate word.
_v'la ma meilleure robe de sortie_!"
she spread out the front widths of her skirt, and certainly theprospect was lamentable.
the dress was so patched and mended, yet sofull of fresh rents, that a respectable housemaid would hesitate beforeusing it to clean fire-irons.
"is that really your best dress?"
this is my blue serge.
the brown cloth did not survive thesoaking it received in salt water.
after a few days it simply crumbled.
the others are muslin or cotton, and have been--er--adapted."
"there is plenty of men's clothing," he began.
"unfortunately there isn't another island," she said, severely.
i meant that it might be possible to--er--contrive some sort ofrig that will serve all purposes."
"but all my thread is gone.
i have barely a needleful left."
"in that case we must fall back on our supply of hemp."
"i suppose that might be made to serve," she said.
"you are never at aloss for an expedient."
"it will be a poor one, i fear.
but you can make up for it by buyingsome nice gowns at doucet's or worth's."
she laughed delightedly.
"perhaps in his joy at my reappearance my dearold dad may let me run riot in paris on our way home.
but that will notlast.
we are fairly well off, but i cannot afford ten thousand a yearfor dress alone."
"if any woman can afford such a sum for the purpose, you are at leasther equal."
iris looked puzzled.
"is that your way of telling me that fine featherswould make me a fine bird?"
i intend my words to be understood in their ordinary sense.
youare very, very rich, miss deane--an extravagantly wealthy youngperson."
"of course you know you are talking nonsense.
why, only the other daymy father said--""excuse me.
what is the average price of a walking-dress from a leadingparis house?"
"and an evening dress?"
"oh, anything, from fifty upwards."
he picked up a few pieces of quartz from the canvas sheet.
"here is your walking-dress," he said, handing her a lump weighingabout a pound.
"with the balance in the heap there you can stagger thebest-dressed woman you meet at your first dinner in england."
"do you mean by pelting her?"
she inquired, mischievously.
by wearing a more expensive costume."
his manner was so earnest that he compelled seriousness.
iris took theproffered specimen and looked at it.
"from the cave, i suppose?
i thought you said antimony was not veryvaluable?"
"that is not antimony.
it is gold.
by chance i have hit upon anextremely rich lode of gold.
at the most modest computation it is worthhundreds of thousands of pounds.
you and i are quite wealthy people,miss deane."
iris opened her blue eyes very wide at this intelligence.
it took herbreath away.
but her first words betokened her innate sense of fairdealing.
"you and i!
"i am so glad for your sake, but tellme, pray, mr. jenks, what have _i_ got to do with it?"
"are we not partners in this island?
by squatter'sright, if by no better title, we own land, minerals, wood, game, andeven such weird belongings as ancient lights and fishing privileges."
"i don't see that at all.
you find a gold mine, and coolly tell me thati am a half owner of it because you dragged me out of the sea, fed me,housed me, saved my life from pirates, and generally acted like adevoted nursemaid in charge of a baby.
really, mr. jenks--""really, miss deane, you will annoy me seriously if you say anotherword.
i absolutely refuse to listen to such an argument."
her outrageously unbusiness-like utterances, treading fast on the heelsof his own melodramatic and written views concerning their property,nettled him greatly.
each downright syllable was a sting to hisconscience, but of this iris was blissfully unaware, else she would nothave applied caustic to the rankling wound caused by his momentarydistrust of her.
for some time they stood in silence, until the sailor commenced toreproach himself for his rough protest.
perhaps he had hurt hersensitive feelings.
what a brute he was, to be sure!
she was only achild in ordinary affairs, and he ought to have explained things morelucidly and with greater command over his temper.
and all this timeiris's face was dimpling with amusement, for she understood him so wellthat had he threatened to kill her she would have laughed at him.
"would you mind getting the lamp?"
he said softly, surprised to catchher expression of saucy humor.
"oh, please may i speak?"
"i don't want to annoy you, buti am simply dying to talk."
he had forgotten his own injunction.
"let us first examine our mine," he said.
"if you bring the lamp we canhave a good look at it."
close scrutiny of the work already done merely confirmed the accuracyof his first impressions.
whilst iris held the light he opened up theseam with a few strokes of the pick.
each few inches it broadened intoa noteworthy volcanic dyke, now yellow in its absolute purity, at timesa bluish black when fused with other metals.
the additional laborinvolved caused him to follow up the line of the fault.
suddenly theflame of the lamp began to flicker in a draught.
there was anair-passage between cave and ledge.
"i am sorry," cried jenks, desisting from further efforts, "that i havenot recently read one of bret harte's novels, or i would speak to youin the language of the mining camp.
but in plain cockney, miss deane,we are on to a good thing if only we can keep it."
they came back into the external glare.
iris was now so serious thatshe forgot to extinguish the little lamp.
she stood with outstretchedhand.
"there is a lot of money in there," she said.
"tons of it."
"no need to quarrel about division.
there is enough for both of us."
we can even spare some for our friends."
he took so readily to this definition of their partnership that irissuddenly became frigid.
then she saw the ridiculous gleam of the tinywick and blew it out.
"i mean," she said, stiffly, "that if you and i do agree to go shareswe will each be very rich."
i applied your words to the mine alone, of course."
a slight thing will shatter a daydream.
the sailorresumed his task of burying the stores.
"poor little lamp!"
"when it came into the greater worldhow soon it was snuffed out."
but iris said to herself, "what a silly slip that was of mine!
enoughfor both of us, indeed!
does he expect me to propose to him?
i wonderwhat the letter was about which he destroyed as i came back after mybath.
it must have been meant for me.
why did he write it?
why did hetear it up?"
the hour drew near when jenks climbed to the summit rock.
he shoulderedaxe and rifle and set forth.
iris heard him rustling upwards throughthe trees.
she set some water to boil for tea, and, whilst bringing afresh supply of fuel, passed the spot where the torn scraps of paperlittered the sand.
she was the soul of honor, for a woman, but there was never a woman yetwho could take her eyes off a written document which confronted her.
she could not help seeing that one small morsel contained her own name.
though mutilated it had clearly read--miss deane."
"so it _was_ intended for me!"
she cried, throwing down her bundleand dropping to her knees.
she secured that particular slip andexamined it earnestly.
not for worlds would she pick up all the scrapsand endeavor to sort them.
yet they had a fascination for her, and atthis closer range she saw another which bore the legend--"i love you!"
somehow the two seemed to fit together very nicely.
yet a third carried the same words--"i love you!"
they were still quitecoherent.
she did not want to look any further.
she did not even turnover such of the torn pieces as had fluttered to earth face downwards.
opening the front of her bodice she brought to light a small goldlocket containing miniatures of her father and mother.
inside thisreceptacle she carefully placed the three really material portions ofthe sailor's letter.
when jenks walked down the hill again he heard hersinging long before he caught sight of her, sedulously tending thefire.
as he came near he perceived the remains of his useless document.
hestooped and gathered them up, forthwith throwing them among the glowinglogs.
"by the way, what were you writing whilst i had my bath?"
"some information about the mine.
on second thoughts, however, i saw itwas unnecessary."
"oh, was that all?"
"then some part was impracticable?"
he glanced sharply at her, but she was merely talking at random.
"well, you see," he explained, "one can do so little without therequisite plant.
this sort of ore requires a crushing-mill, a smeltingfurnace, perhaps big tanks filled with cyanide of potassium."
"and, of course, although you can do wonders, you cannot provide allthose things, can you?"
jenks deemed this query to be unanswerable.
they were busy again until night fell.
sitting down for a little whilebefore retiring to rest, they discussed, for the hundredth time, theprobabilities of speedy succor.
this led them to the topic of availablesupplies, and the sailor told iris the dispositions he had made.
"did you bury the box of books?"
"yes, but not in the cave.
they are at the foot of the cinchona overthere.
do you want any?"
"i have a bible in my room, but there was a tennyson among the otherswhich i glanced at in spare moments."
the sailor thanked the darkness that concealed the deep bronze of faceand neck caused by this chance remark.
he vaguely recollected themanner in which the lines from "maud" came to his lips after theepisode of the letter.
was it possible that he had unknowingly utteredthem aloud and iris was now slily poking fun at him?
he glowed withembarrassment.
"it is odd that you should mention tennyson," he managed to say calmly.
"only today i was thinking of a favorite passage."
iris, of course, was quite innocent this time.
"oh, do tell me.
was it from 'enoch arden'?"
he gave a sigh of relief.
anything but that," he answered.
it is very beautiful, but i could never imagine why thepoet gave such a sad ending to an idyllic love story."
"they too often end that way.
moreover, 'enoch arden' is not what youmight call exhilarating."
it is sad.
i have often thought he had the 'sonata pathétique' inhis mind when he wrote it.
but the note is mournful all through.
thereis no promise of happiness as in 'maud.'"
"then it is my turn to ask questions.
why did you hit upon that poemamong so many?"
"because it contains an exact description of our position here.
don'tyou remember how the poor fellow  "'sat often in the seaward-gazing gorge,  a shipwrecked sailor, waiting for a sail.'
"i am sure tennyson saw our island with poetic eye, for he goes on--  "'no sail from day to day, but every day  the sunrise broken into scarlet shafts  among the palms and ferns and precipices;  the blaze upon the waters to the east;  the blaze upon his island overhead;  the blaze upon the waters to the west;  then the great stars that globed themselves in heaven,  the hollower-bellowing ocean, and again  the scarlet shafts of sunrise--but no sail."
she declaimed the melodious verse with a subtle skill that amazed herhearer.
profoundly moved, jenks dared not trust himself to speak.
"i read the whole poem the other day," she said after a silence of someminutes.
"sorrowful as it is, it comforted me by comparison.
howdifferent will be our fate to his when 'another ship stays by thisisle'!"
yet neither of them knew that one line she had recited was moresingularly applicable to their case than that which they paid heed to.
"the great stars that globed themselves in heaven," were shining clearand bright in the vast arch above.
resplendent amidst the throng rosethe pleiades, the mythological seven hailed by the greeks as an auguryof safe navigation.
and the dyaks--one of the few remaining savageraces of the world--share the superstition of the people who fashionedall the arts and most of the sciences.
the pleiades form the dyak tutelary genius.
some among a bloodthirstyand vengeful horde were even then pointing to the clustering stars thatpromised quick voyage to the isle where their kinsmen had been struckdown by a white man who rescued a maid.
nevertheless, grecian romanceand dyak lore alike relegate the influence of the pleiades to the sea.
other stars are needed to foster enterprise ashore.
night after night the pleiades swung higher in the firmament; day afterday the sailor perfected his defences and anxiously scanned the oceanfor sign of friendly smoke or hostile sail.
this respite would not havebeen given to him, were it not for the lucky bullet which removed twofingers and part of a third from the right hand of the dyak chief.
noteven a healthy savage can afford to treat such a wound lightly, and tendays elapsed before the maimed robber was able to move the injured limbwithout a curse.
meanwhile, each night jenks slept less soundly; each day his facebecame more careworn.
he began to realize why the island had not beenvisited already by the vessel which would certainly be deputed tosearch for them--she was examining the great coast-line of china andsiam.
it was his habit to mark the progress of time on the rudely madesun-dial which sufficiently served their requirements as a clock.
irishappened to watch him chipping the forty-fourth notch on the edge ofthe horizontal block of wood.
"have we really been forty-four days here?"
she inquired, aftercounting the marks with growing astonishment.
"i believe the reckoning is accurate," he said.
"the _sirdar_ waslost on the 18th of march, and i make this the 1st of may."
shall we drive to hurlingham this afternoon?"
"looked at in that way it seems to be a tremendous time, though indeed,in some respects, it figures in my mind like many years.
that is when iam thinking.
otherwise, when busy, the days fly like hours."
"it must be convenient to have such an elastic scale."
i strive to apply the quick rate when you are grumpy."
iris placed her arms akimbo, planted her feet widely apart, andsurveyed jenks with an expression that might almost be termed impudent.
they were great friends, these two, now.
the incipient stage oflove-making had been dropped entirely, as ludicrously unsuited to theirenvironment.
when the urgent necessity for continuous labor no longer spurred themto exertion during every moment of daylight, they tackled the box ofbooks and read, not volumes which appealed to them in common, butquaint tomes in the use of which jenks was tutor and iris the scholar.
it became a fixed principle with the girl that she was very ignorant,and she insisted that the sailor should teach her.
for instance, amongthe books he found a treatise on astronomy; it yielded a keen delightto both to identify a constellation and learn all sorts of wonderfulthings concerning it.
but to work even the simplest problem required aknowledge of algebra, and iris had never gone beyond decimals.
so thestock of notebooks, instead of recording their experiences, becamecovered with symbols showing how x plus y equaled x² minus 3,000,000.as a variant, jenks introduced a study of hindustani.
his method was towrite a short sentence and explain in detail its component parts.
witha certain awe iris surveyed the intricacies of the urdu compound verb,but, about her fourth lesson, she broke out into exclamations ofextravagant joy.
"what on earth is the matter now?"
demanded her surprised mentor.
"don't you see?"
she exclaimed, delightedly.
"of course you don't!
people who know a lot about a thing often miss its obvious points.
ihave discovered how to write kiplingese.
all you have to do is to tellyour story in urdu, translate it literally into english, and there youare!"
just do it as kipling does, and the secret is laid bare.
bythe same rule you can hit upon the miltonic adjective."
iris tossed her head.
"i don't know anything about the miltonic adjective, but i am sureabout kipling."
this ended the argument.
she knitted her brows in the effort to masterthe ridiculous complexities of a language which, instead of simplysaying "take" or "bring," compels one to say "take-go" and "take-come."
one problem defied solution--that of providing raiment for iris.
theunited skill of the sailor and herself would not induce unraveledcordage to supply the need of thread.
it was either too weak or tooknotty, and meanwhile the girl's clothes were falling to pieces.
jenkstried the fibers of trees, the sinews of birds--every possibleexpedient he could hit upon--and perhaps, after experiments coveringsome weeks, he might have succeeded.
but modern dress stuffs, weakenedby aniline dyes and stiffened with chinese clay, permit of no suchexhaustive research.
it must be remembered that the lady passengers onboard the _sirdar_ were dressed to suit the tropics, and the hardusage given by iris to her scanty stock was never contemplated by themanchester or bradford looms responsible for the durability of thematerial.
as the days passed the position became irksome.
it even threatenedcomplete callapse during some critical moment, and the two oftensilently surveyed the large number of merely male garments in theirpossession.
of course, in the matter of coats and waistcoats there wasno difficulty whatever.
iris had long been wearing those portions ofthe doctor's uniform.
but when it came to the rest--at last, one memorable morning, she crossed the rubicon.
jenks hadclimbed, as usual, to the summit rock.
he came back with the excitingnews that he thought--he could not be certain, but there wereindications inspiring hopefulness--that towards the west of the far-offisland he could discern the smoke of a steamer.
though he had eyes for a faint cloud of vapor at least fifty milesdistant he saw nothing of a remarkable change effected nearer home.
outwardly, iris was attired in her wonted manner, but if hercompanion's mind were not wholly monopolized by the bluish hazedetected on the horizon, he must have noticed the turned-up ends of apair of trousers beneath the hem of her tattered skirt.
it did occur to him that iris received his momentous announcement withan odd air of hauteur, and it was passing strange she did not offer toaccompany him when, after bolting his breakfast, he returned to theobservatory.
he came back in an hour, and the lines on his face were deeper thanbefore.
"a false alarm," he said curtly in response to her questioning look.
and that was all, though she nerved herself to walk steadily past himon her way to the well.
this was disconcerting, even annoying to apositive young woman like iris.
resolving to end the ordeal, she stoodrigidly before him.
"well," she said, "i've done it!"
he exclaimed, blankly.
they're a little too long, and i feel very awkward, but they'rebetter than--than my poor old dress unsupported."
she blushed furiously, to the sailor's complete bewilderment, but shebravely persevered and stretched out an unwilling foot.
he growled, and he too reddened.
"i can't help it, can i?"
she demanded piteously.
"it is not unlike ariding-habit, is it?"
then his ready wit helped him.
"an excellent compromise," he cried.
"a process of evolution, in fact.
now, do you know, miss deane, that would never have occurred to me."
and during the remainder of the day he did not once look at her feet.
indeed, he had far more serious matters to distract his thoughts, foriris, feverishly anxious to be busy, suddenly suggested that it wouldbe a good thing were she able to use a rifle if a fight at closequarters became necessary.
the recoil of the lee-metford is so slight that any woman canmanipulate the weapon with effect, provided she is not called upon tofire from a standing position, in which case the weight is liable tocause bad aiming.
though it came rather late in the day, jenks caughtat the idea.
he accustomed her in the first instance to the use ofblank cartridges.
then, when fairly proficient in holding andsighting--a child can learn how to refill the clip and eject each emptyshell--she fired ten rounds of service ammunition.
the target was awhite circle on a rock at eighty yards, and those of the ten shots thatmissed the absolute mark would have made an enemy at the same distanceextremely uncomfortable.
iris was much pleased with her proficiency.
"now," she cried, "insteadof being a hindrance to you i may be some help.
in any case, the dyakswill think there are two men to face, and they have good reason to fearone of us."
then a new light dawned upon jenks.
"why did you not think of it before?"
"don't you see, missdeane, the possibility suggested by your words?
i am sorry to becompelled to speak plainly, but i feel sure that if those scoundrels doattack us in force it will be more to secure you than to avenge theloss of their fellow tribesmen.
first and foremost, the sea-going dyaksare pirates and marauders.
they prowl about the coast looking not somuch for a fight as for loot and women.
now, if they return, andapparently find two well-armed men awaiting them, with no prospect ofplunder, there is a chance they may abandon the enterprise."
iris did not flinch from the topic.
she well knew its grave importance.
"in other words," she said, "i must be seen by them dressed only inmale clothing?"
"yes, as a last resource, that is.
i have some hope that they may notdiscover our whereabouts owing to the precautions we have adopted.
perched up there on the ledge we will be profoundly uncomfortable, butthat will be nothing if it secures our safety."
she did not reply at once.
then she said musingly--"forty-four days!
surely there has been ample time to scour the china sea from end to endin search of us?
my father would never abandon hope until he had themost positive knowledge that the _sirdar_ was lost with all onboard."
the sailor, through long schooling, was prepared with an answer--"eachday makes the prospect of escape brighter.
though i was naturallydisappointed this morning, i must state quite emphatically that ourrescue may come any hour."
iris looked at him steadily.
"you wear a solemn face for one who speaks so cheerfully," she said.
"you should not attach too great significance to appearances.
the owl,a very stupid bird, is noted for its philosophical expression."
"then we will strive to find wisdom in words.
do you remember, mr.jenks, that soon after the wreck you told me we might have to remainhere many months?"
"that was a pardonable exaggeration."
it was the truth.
you are seeking now to buoy me up with falsehope.
it is sixteen hundred miles from hong kong to singapore, and halfas much from siam to borneo.
the _sirdar_ might have been drivenanywhere in the typhoon.
didn't you say so, mr.
he wavered under this merciless cross-examination.
"i had no idea your memory was so good," he said, weakly.
"excellent, i assure you.
moreover, during our forty-four daystogether, you have taught me to think.
why do you adopt subterfuge withme?
we are partners in all else.
why cannot i share your despair aswell as your toil?"
she blazed out in sudden wrath, and he understood that she would not bedenied the full extent of his secret fear.
he bowed reverently beforeher, as a mortal paying homage to an angry goddess.
"i can only admit that you are right," he murmured.
"we must pray thatgod will direct our friends to this island.
otherwise we may not befound for a year, as unhappily the fishermen who once came here nowavoid the place.
they have been frightened by the contents of thehollow behind the cliff.
i am glad you have solved the difficultyunaided, miss deane.
i have striven at times to be coarse, even brutal,towards you, but my heart flinched from the task of telling you thepossible period of your imprisonment."
then iris, for the first time in many days, wept bitterly, and jenks,blind to the true cause of her emotion, picked up a rifle to which, inspare moments, he had affixed a curious device, and walked slowlyacross prospect park towards the half-obliterated road leading to thevalley of death.
the girl watched him disappear among the trees.
through her tears shonea sorrowful little smile.
"he thinks only of me, never of himself," she communed.
"if it pleasesprovidence to spare us from these savages, what does it matter to mehow long we remain here?
i have never been so happy before in my life.
i fear i never will be again.
if it were not for my father's terribleanxiety i would not have a care in the world.
i only wish to get away,so that one brave soul at least may be rid of needless tortures.
allhis worry is on my account, none on his own."
that was what tearful miss iris thought, or tried to persuade herselfto think.
perhaps her cogitations would not bear strict analysis.
perhaps she harbored a sweet hope that the future might yet containbright hours for herself and the man who was so devoted to her.
sherefused to believe that robert anstruther, strong of arm and clear ofbrain, a knight of the round table in all that was noble and chivalric,would permit his name to bear an unwarrantable stigma when--and sheblushed like a june rose--he came to tell her that which he hadwritten.
the sailor returned hastily, with the manner of one hurrying to performa neglected task.
without any explanation to iris he climbed severaltimes to the ledge, carrying arm-loads of grass roots which he plantedin full view.
then he entered the cave, and, although he was furnishedonly with the dim light that penetrated through the distant exit, sheheard him hewing manfully at the rock for a couple of hours.
at last heemerged, grimy with dust and perspiration, just in time to pay a lastvisit to summit rock before the sun sank to rest.
he asked the girl todelay somewhat the preparations for their evening meal, as he wished totake a bath, so it was quite dark when they sat down to eat.
iris had long recovered her usual state of high spirits.
"why were you burrowing in the cavern again?"
"are you ina hurry to get rich?"
"i was following an air-shaft, not a lode," he replied.
"i amoccasionally troubled with after wit, and this is an instance.
do youremember how the flame of the lamp flickered whilst we were opening upour mine?"
"i was so absorbed in contemplating our prospective wealth that ifailed to pay heed to the true significance of that incident.
it meantthe existence of an upward current of air.
now, where the current goesthere must be a passage, and whilst i was busy this afternoon among thetrees over there,"--he pointed towards the valley of death--"it came tome like an inspiration that possibly a few hours' hewing and delvingmight open a shaft to the ledge.
i have been well rewarded for theeffort.
the stuff in the vault is so eaten away by water that it is nomore solid than hard mud for the most part.
already i have scooped outa chimney twelve feet high."
"what good can that be?"
"at present we have only a front door--up the face of the rock.
when mywork is completed, before tomorrow night i hope, we shall have a backdoor also.
of course i may encounter unforeseen obstacles as i advance.
a twist in the fault would be nearly fatal, but i am praying that itmay continue straight to the ledge."
"i still don't see the great advantage to us."
"the advantages are many, believe me.
the more points of attackpresented by the enemy the more effective will be our resistance.
idoubt if they would ever be able to rush the cave were we to hold it,whereas i can go up and down our back staircase whenever i choose.
ifyou don't mind being left in the dark i will resume work now, by thelight of your lamp."
but iris protested against this arrangement.
she felt lonely.
the longhours of silence had been distasteful to her.
she wanted to talk.
"i agree," said jenks, "provided you do not pin me down to something itold you a month ago."
you can tell me as much or as little as you think fit.
thesubject for discussion is your court-martial."
he could not see the tender light in her eyes, but the quiet sympathyof her voice restrained the protest prompt on his lips.
yet he blurtedout, after a slight pause--"that is a very unsavory subject."
i do not think so.
i am a friend, mr. jenks, not an old one, iadmit, but during the past six weeks we have bridged an ordinaryacquaintanceship of as many years.
can you not trust me?"
he laughed softly.
then, choosing his words with greatdeliberation, he answered--"yes, i can trust you.
i intended to tellyou the story some day.
why not tonight?"
unseen in the darkness iris's hand sought and clasped the gold locketsuspended from her neck.
she already knew some portion of the story hewould tell.
the remainder was of minor importance.
"it is odd," he continued, "that you should have alluded to six years amoment ago.
it is exactly six years, almost to a day, since the troublebegan."
"with lord ventnor?"
the name slipped out involuntarily.
i was then a staff corps subaltern, and my proficiency in nativelanguages attracted the attention of a friend in simla, who advised meto apply for an appointment on the political side of the government ofindia.
i did so.
he supported the application, and i was assured of thenext vacancy in a native state, provided that i got married."
he drawled out the concluding words with exasperating slowness.
iris,astounded by the stipulation, dropped her locket and leaned forwardinto the red light of the log fire.
the sailor's quick eye caught theglitter of the ornament.
"by the way," he interrupted, "what is that thing shining on yourbreast?"
she instantly clasped the trinket again.
"it is my sole remainingadornment," she said; "a present from my father on my tenth birthday.
pray go on!"
"i was not a marrying man, miss deane, and the requisite qualificationnearly staggered me.
but i looked around the station, and came to theconclusion that the commissioner's niece would make a suitable wife.
iregarded her 'points,' so to speak, and they filled the bill.
she wassmart, good-looking, lively, understood the art of entertaining, wasfirst-rate in sports and had excellent teeth.
indeed, if a man selecteda wife as he does a horse, she--""don't be horrid.
was she really pretty?"
"i believe so.
people said she was."
"but what did _you_ think?"
"at the time my opinion was biased.
i have seen her since, and shewears badly.
she is married now, and after thirty grew very fat."
iris settled herself comfortably to listen.
"i have jumped that fence with a lot in hand," he thought.
"we became engaged," he said aloud.
"she threw herself at him," communed iris.
"her name was elizabeth--elizabeth morris."
the young lieutenant ofthose days called her "bessie," but no matter.
"well, you didn't marry her, anyhow," commented iris, a trifle sharply.
and now the sailor was on level ground again.
"thank heaven, no," he said, earnestly.
"we had barely become engagedwhen she went with her uncle to simla for the hot weather.
there shemet lord ventnor, who was on the viceroy's staff, and--if you don'tmind, we will skip a portion of the narrative--i discovered then whymen in india usually go to england for their wives.
whilst in simla onten days' leave i had a foolish row with lord ventnor in the unitedservice club--hammered him, in fact, in defence of a worthless woman,and was only saved from a severe reprimand because i had been badlytreated.
nevertheless, my hopes of a political appointment vanished,and i returned to my regiment to learn, after due reflection, what avery lucky person i was."
"concerning miss morris, you mean?"
and now exit elizabeth.
not being cut out for matrimonialenterprise i tried to become a good officer.
a year ago, whengovernment asked for volunteers to form chinese regiments, i sent in myname and was accepted.
i had the good fortune to serve under an oldfriend, colonel costobell; but some malign star sent lord ventnor tothe far east, this time in an important civil capacity.
i met himoccasionally, and we found we did not like each other any better.
myhorse beat his for the pagoda hurdle handicap--poor old sultan!
iwonder where he is now."
"was your horse called 'sultan'?"
i bought him in meerut, trained him myself, and ferried him allthe way to china.
i loved him next to the british army."
this was quite satisfactory.
there was genuine feeling in his voicenow.
iris became even more interested.
"colonel costobell fell ill, and the command of the regiment devolvedupon me, our only major being absent in the interior.
the colonel'swife unhappily chose that moment to flirt, as people say, with lordventnor.
not having learnt the advisability of minding my own business,i remonstrated with her, thus making her my deadly enemy.
lord ventnorcontrived an official mission to a neighboring town and detailed me forthe military charge.
i sent a junior officer.
then mrs. costobell andhe deliberately concocted a plot to ruin me--he, for the sake of hisold animosity--you remember that i had also crossed his path inegypt--she, because she feared i would speak to her husband.
onpretence of seeking my advice, she inveigled me at night into adeserted corner of the club grounds at hong kong.
lord ventnorappeared, and as the upshot of their vile statements, which created animmediate uproar, i--well, miss deane, i nearly killed him."
iris vividly recalled the anguish he betrayed when this topic wasinadvertently broached one day early in their acquaintance.
now he wasreciting his painful history with the air of a man far more concernedto be scrupulously accurate than aroused in his deepest passions by thememory of past wrongs.
what had happened in the interim to blunt thesebygone sufferings?
iris clasped her locket.
she thought she knew.
"the remainder may be told in a sentence," he said.
"of what avail weremy frenzied statements against the definite proofs adduced by lordventnor and his unfortunate ally?
even her husband believed her andbecame my bitter foe.
i have it in my heart to pity her.
well, that is all.
i am here!"
"can a man be ruined so easily?"
murmured the girl, her exquisite tactleading her to avoid any direct expression of sympathy.
"it seems so.
but i have had my reward.
if ever i meet mrs. costobellagain i will thank her for a great service."
iris suddenly became confused.
her brow and neck tingled with a quickaccess of color.
"why do you say that?"
she asked; and jenks, who was rising, either didnot hear, or pretended not to hear, the tremor in her tone.
"because you once told me you would never marry lord ventnor, and afterwhat i have told you now i am quite sure you will not."
"ah, then you _do_ trust me?"
she almost whispered.
he forced back the words trembling for utterance.
he even strove weaklyto assume an air of good-humored badinage.
"see how you have tempted me from work, miss deane," he cried.
"we havegossiped here until the fire grew tired of our company.
to bed, please,at once."
iris caught him by the arm.
"i will pray tonight, and every night," she said solemnly, "that yourgood name may be cleared in the eyes of all men as it is in mine.
and iam sure my prayer will be answered."
she passed into her chamber, but her angelic influence remained.
in hisvery soul the man thanked god for the tribulation which brought thiswoman into his life.
he had traversed the wilderness to find an oasisof rare beauty.
what might lie beyond he neither knew nor cared.
through the remainder of his existence, be it a day or many a year, hewould be glorified by the knowledge that in one incomparable heart hereigned supreme, unchallenged, if only for the hour.
fatigue, anxiety,bitter recollection and present danger, were overwhelmed and forgottenin the nearness, the intangible presence of iris.
he looked up to thestarry vault, and, yielding to the spell, he, too, prayed.
it was a beautiful night.
after a baking hot day the rocks wereradiating their stored-up heat, but the pleasant south-westerly breezethat generally set in at sunset tempered the atmosphere and made sleeprefreshing.
jenks could not settle down to rest for a little whileafter iris left him.
she did not bring forth her lamp, and, unwillingto disturb her, he picked up a resinous branch, lit it in the dyingfire, and went into the cave.
he wanted to survey the work already done, and to determine whether itwould be better to resume operations in the morning from inside theexcavation or from the ledge.
owing to the difficulty of constructing avertical upward shaft, and the danger of a sudden fall of heavymaterial, he decided in favor of the latter course, although itentailed lifting all the refuse out of the hole.
to save time,therefore, he carried his mining tools into the open, placed inposition the _cheval de frise_ long since constructed for thedefence of the entrance, and poured water over the remains of the fire.
this was his final care each night before stretching his weary limbs onhis couch of branches.
it caused delay in the morning, but he neglectedno precaution, and there was a possible chance of the dyaks failing todiscover the eagle's nest if they were persuaded by other indicationsthat the island was deserted.
he entered the hut and was in the act of pulling off his boots, when adistant shot rang sharply through the air.
it was magnified tenfold bythe intense silence.
for a few seconds that seemed to be minutes helistened, cherishing the quick thought that perhaps a turtle, wanderingfar beyond accustomed limits, had disturbed one of the spring-guncommunications on the sands.
a sputtering volley, which his trained earrecognized as the firing of muzzle-loaders, sounded the death-knell ofhis last hope.
the dyaks had landed!
coming silently and mysteriously in the dead ofnight, they were themselves the victims of a stratagem they designed toemploy.
instead of taking the occupants of rainbow island unawares theywere startled at being greeted by a shot the moment they landed.
thealarmed savages at once retaliated by firing their antiquated weaponspoint-blank at the trees, thus giving warning enough to wake the sevensleepers.
iris, fully dressed, was out in a moment.
"they have come!"
"yes," was the cheery answer, for jenks face to face with danger was avery different man to jenks wrestling with the insidious attacks ofcupid.
"up the ladder!
they will not be here for half anhour if they kick up such a row at the first difficulty.
still, we willtake no risks.
cast down those spare lines when you reach the top andhaul away when i say 'ready!'
you will find everything to hand upthere."
he held the bottom of the ladder to steady it for the girl's climb.
soon her voice fell, like a message from a star--"all right!
please join me soon!"
the coiled-up ropes dropped along the face of the rock.
clothes, pick,hatchet, hammer, crowbars, and other useful odds and ends were swungaway into the darkness, for the moon as yet did not illumine the crag.
the sailor darted into belle vue castle and kicked their leafy bedsabout the floor.
then he slung all the rifles, now five in number, overhis shoulders, and mounted the rope-ladder, which, with the sparecords, he drew up and coiled with careful method.
"by the way," he suddenly asked, "have you your sou'wester?"
"and your bible?"
it rests beneath my head every night.
i even brought ourtennyson."
"ah," he growled fiercely, "this is where the reality differs from theromance.
our troubles are only beginning now."
"they will end the sooner.
for my part, i have utter faith in you.
ifit be god's will, we will escape; and no man is more worthy than you tobe his agent."
the sailor knew so accurately the position of his reliable sentinelsthat he could follow each phase of the imaginary conflict on the otherside of the island.
the first outbreak of desultory firing died awayamidst a chorus of protest from every feathered inhabitant of the isle,so jenks assumed that the dyaks had gathered again on the beach afterriddling the scarecrows with bullets or slashing them with their heavyrazor-edged parangs, malay swords with which experts can fell a stoutsapling at a single blow.
a hasty council was probably held, and, notwithstanding their fear ofthe silent company in the hollow, an advance was ultimately made alongthe beach.
within a few yards they encountered the invisible cord ofthe third spring-gun.
there was a report, and another fierce outbreakof musketry.
this was enough.
not a man would move a step nearer thatabode of the dead.
the next commotion arose on the ridge near the northcape.
"at this rate of progress," said jenks to the girl, "they will notreach our house until daylight."
"i almost wish they were here," was the quiet reply.
"i find thiswaiting and listening to be trying to the nerves."
they were lying on a number of ragged garments hastily spread on theledge, and peering intently into the moonlit area of prospect park.
thegreat rock itself was shrouded in somber shadows.
even if they stood upnone could see them from the ground, so dense was the darknessenveloping them.
he turned slightly and took her hand.
it was cool and moist.
it no moretrembled than his own.
"the dyaks are far more scared than you," he murmured with a laugh.
"cruel and courageous as they are, they dare not face a spook."
"then what a pity it is we cannot conjure up a ghost for their benefit!
all the spirits i have ever read about were ridiculous.
why cannot onebe useful occasionally?"
the question set him thinking.
unknown to the girl, the materials for adramatic apparition were hidden amidst the bushes near the well.
hecudgeled his brains to remember the stage effects of juvenile days; butthese needed limelight, blue flares, mirrors, phosphorus.
the absurdity of hoping to devise any such accessories whilst perchedon a ledge in a remote island--a larger reef of the thousands in thechina sea--tickled him.
"what is it?"
he repeated his list of missing stage properties.
they had nothing todo but to wait, and people in the very crux and maelstrom of existenceusually discuss trivial things.
"i don't know anything about phosphorus," said the girl, "but you canobtain queer results from sulphur, and there is an old box of norwegianmatches resting at this moment on the shelf in my room.
they were in your pocket, and you were going to throw themaway.
why, what are you doing?"
for jenks had cast the rope-ladder loose and was evidently about todescend.
"have no fear," he said; "i will not be away five minutes."
"if you are going down i must come with you.
i will not be left herealone."
"please do not stop me," he whispered earnestly.
"you must not come.
iwill take no risk whatever.
if you remain here you can warn meinstantly.
with both of us on the ground we will incur real danger.
iwant you to keep a sharp lookout towards turtle beach in case the dyakscome that way.
those who are crossing the island will not reach us fora long time."
she yielded, though unwillingly.
she was tremulous with anxiety on hisaccount.
he vanished without another word.
she next saw him in the moonlightnear the well.
he was rustling among the shrubs, and he returned to therock with something white in his arms, which he seemingly deposited atthe mouth of the cave.
he went back to the well and carried anothersimilar burthen.
then he ran towards the house.
the doorway was notvisible from the ledge, and she passed a few horrible moments until alow hiss beneath caught her ear.
she could tell by the creak of therope-ladder that he was ascending.
at last he reached her side, and shemurmured, with a gasping sob--"don't go away again.
i cannot stand it."
he thought it best to soothe her agitation by arousing interest.
stillhauling in the ladder with one hand, he held out the other, on whichluminous wisps were writhing like glow-worms' ghosts.
"you are responsible," he said.
"you gave me an excellent idea, and iwas obliged to carry it out."
"what have you done?"
"arranged a fearsome bogey in the cave."
"it was not exactly a pleasant operation, but the only laws ofnecessity are those which must be broken."
she understood that he did not wish her to question him further.
perhaps curiosity, now that he was safe, might have vanquished herterror, and led to another demand for enlightenment, but at thatinstant the sound of an angry voice and the crunching of coral away tothe left drove all else from her mind.
"they are coming by way of the beach, after all," whispered jenks.
he was mistaken, in a sense.
another outburst of intermittent firingamong the trees on the north of the ridge showed that some, at least,of the dyaks were advancing by their former route.
the appearance ofthe dyak chief on the flat belt of shingle, with his right arm slungacross his breast, accompanied by not more than half a dozen followers,showed that a few hardy spirits had dared to pass the valley of deathwith all its nameless terrors.
they advanced cautiously enough, as though dreading a surprise.
thechief carried a bright parang in his left hand; the others were armedwith guns, their swords being thrust through belts.
creeping forward ontip-toe, though their distant companions were making a tremendous row,they looked a murderous gang as they peered across the open space, nowbrilliantly illuminated by the moon.
jenks had a sudden intuition that the right thing to do now was toshoot the whole party.
he dismissed the thought at once.
all hispreparations were governed by the hope that the pirates might abandontheir quest after hours of fruitless search.
it would be most unwise,he told himself, to precipitate hostilities.
far better avoid aconflict altogether, if that were possible, than risk the immediatediscovery of his inaccessible retreat.
in other words he made a grave mistake, which shows how a man may errwhen over-agonized by the danger of the woman he loves.
the bold coursewas the right one.
by killing the dyak leader he would have deprivedthe enemy of the dominating influence in this campaign of revenge.
whenthe main body, already much perturbed by the unseen and intangibleagencies which opened fire at them in the wood, arrived in prospectpark to find only the dead bodies of their chief and his small force,their consternation could be turned into mad panic by a vigorousbombardment from the rock.
probably, in less than an hour after their landing, the whole tribewould have rushed pell-mell to the boats, cursing the folly which ledthem to this devil-haunted island.
but it serves no good purpose to saywhat might have been.
as it was the dyaks, silent now and moving withthe utmost caution, passed the well, and were about to approach thecave when one of them saw the house.
instantly they changed their tactics.
retreating hastily to the shadeof the opposite cliff they seemed to await the coming ofreinforcements.
the sailor fancied that a messenger was dispatched byway of the north sands to hurry up the laggards, because the distantfiring slackened, and, five minutes later, a fierce outbreak of yellsamong the trees to the right heralded a combined rush on the belle vuecastle.
the noise made by the savages was so great--the screams of bewilderedbirds circling overhead so incessant--that jenks was compelled to speakquite loudly when he said to iris--"they must think we sleep soundly not to be disturbed by the volleysthey have fired already."
she would have answered, but he placed a restraining hand on hershoulder, for the dyaks quickly discovering that the hut was empty, rantowards the cave and thus came in full view.
as well as jenks could judge, the foremost trio of the yelping hordewere impaled on the bayonets of the _cheval de frise_, learningtoo late its formidable nature.
the wounded men shrieked in agony, buttheir cries were drowned in a torrent of amazed shouts from theircompanions.
forthwith there was a stampede towards the well, the cliff,the beaches, anywhere to get away from that awesome cavern where ghostsdwelt and men fell maimed at the very threshold.
the sailor, leaning asfar over the edge of the rock as the girl's expostulations wouldpermit, heard a couple of men groaning beneath, whilst a third limpedaway with frantic and painful haste.
"what is it?"
whispered iris, eager herself to witness the tumult.
"what has happened?"
"they have been routed by a box of matches and a few dried bones," heanswered.
there was no time for further speech.
he was absorbed in estimating theprobable number of the dyaks.
thus far, he had seen about fifty.
moreover, he did not wish to acquaint iris with the actual details ofthe artifice that had been so potent.
her allusion to the box ofwater-sodden tändstickors gave him the notion of utilizing as an activeally the bleached remains of the poor fellow who had long ago fallen avictim to this identical mob of cut-throats or their associates.
hegathered the principal bones from their resting-place near the well,rubbed them with the ends of the matches after damping the sulphuragain, and arranged them with ghastly effect on the pile of rubbish atthe further end of the cave, creeping under the _cheval de frise_for the purpose.
though not so vivid as he wished, the pale-glimmering headless skeletonin the intense darkness of the interior was appalling enough in allconscience.
fortunately the fumes of the sulphur fed on the bonysubstance.
they endured a sufficient time to scare every dyak whocaught a glimpse of the monstrous object crouching in luminous horrorwithin the dismal cavern.
not even the stirring exhortations of the chief, whose voice was raisedin furious speech, could induce his adherents to again approach thataffrighting spot.
at last the daring scoundrel himself, still wieldinghis naked sword, strode right up to the very doorway.
stricken withsudden stupor, he gazed at the fitful gleams within.
he prodded the_cheval de frise_ with the parang.
here was something definite andsolid.
then he dragged one of the wounded men out into the moonlight.
again jenks experienced an itching desire to send a bullet through thedyak's head; again he resisted the impulse.
and so passed that which isvouchsafed by fate to few men--a second opportunity.
another vehement harangue by the chief goaded some venturesome spiritsinto carrying their wounded comrade out of sight, presumably to thehut.
inspired by their leader's fearless example, they even removed thethird injured dyak from the vicinity of the cave, but the celerity oftheir retreat caused the wretch to bawl in agony.
their next undertaking was no sooner appreciated by the sailor than hehurriedly caused iris to shelter herself beneath the tarpaulin, whilsthe cowered close to the floor of the ledge, looking only through thescreen of tall grasses.
they kindled a fire near the well.
soon itsruddy glare lit up the dark rock with fantastic flickerings, and drewscintillations from the weapons and ornaments of the hideouslypicturesque horde gathered in its vicinity.
they spoke a language of hard vowels and nasal resonance, and ate whathe judged to be dry fish, millets, and strips of tough preserved meat,which they cooked on small iron skewers stuck among the glowing embers.
his heart sank as he counted sixty-one, all told, assembled withinforty yards of the ledge.
probably several others were guarding theboats or prowling about the island.
indeed, events proved that morethan eighty men had come ashore in three large sampans, roomy and fleetcraft, well fitted for piratical excursions up river estuaries or alonga coast.
they were mostly bare-legged rascals, wearing malay hats, loose jacketsreaching to the knee, and sandals.
one man differed essentially fromthe others.
he was habited in the conventional attire of an indianmahommedan, and his skin was brown, whilst the swarthy dyaks wereyellow beneath the dirt.
jenks thought, from the manner in which histurban was tied, that he must be a punjabi mussulman--very likely anescaped convict from the andamans.
the most careful scrutiny did not reveal any arms of precision.
theyall carried muzzle-loaders, either antiquated flintlocks, or gunssufficiently modern to be fitted with nipples for percussion caps.
each dyak, of course, sported a parang and dagger-like kriss; a fewbore spears, and about a dozen shouldered a long straight piece ofbamboo.
the nature of this implement the sailor could not determine atthe moment.
when the knowledge did come, it came so rapidly that he wassaved from many earlier hours of abiding; dread, for one of thoseinnocuous-looking weapons was fraught with more quiet deadliness than agatling gun.
in the neighborhood of the fire an animated discussion took place.
though it was easy to see that the chief was all-paramount, hisfellow-tribesmen exercised a democratic right of free speech andoutspoken opinion.
flashing eyes and expressive hands were turned towards cave and hut.
once, when the debate grew warm, the chief snatched up a burning branchand held it over the blackened embers of the fire extinguished byjenks.
he seemed to draw some definite conclusion from an examinationof the charcoal, and the argument thenceforth proceeded with lessemphasis.
whatever it was that he said evidently carried conviction.
iris, nestling close to the sailor, whispered--"do you know what he has found out?"
"i can only guess that he can tell by the appearance of the burnt woodhow long it is since it was extinguished.
clearly they agree with him."
"then they know we are still here?"
"either here or gone within a few hours.
in any case they will make athorough search of the island at daybreak."
"will it be dawn soon?"
are you tired?"
"a little cramped--that is all."
"don't think i am foolish--can you manage to sleep?"
with those men so near!"
we do not know how long they will remain.
we must keep up ourstrength.
sleep, next to food and drink, is a prime necessity."
"if it will please you, i will try," she said, with such sweetreadiness to obey his slightest wish that the wonder is he did not kissher then and there.
by previous instruction she knew exactly what todo.
she crept quietly back until well ensconced in the niche widenedand hollowed for her accommodation.
there, so secluded was she from theouter world of horror and peril, that the coarse voices beneath onlyreached her in a murmur.
pulling one end of the tarpaulin over her, shestretched her weary limbs on a litter of twigs and leaves, commendedherself and the man she loved to god's keeping, and, wonderful thoughit may seem, was soon slumbering peacefully.
the statement may sound passing strange to civilized ears, accustomedonly to the routine of daily life and not inured to danger and wildsurroundings.
but the soldier who has snatched a hasty doze in thetrenches, the sailor who has heard a fierce gale buffeting the walls ofhis frail ark, can appreciate the reason why iris, weary and surfeitedwith excitement, would have slept were she certain that the nextsunrise would mark her last hour on earth.
jenks, too, composed himself for a brief rest.
he felt assured thatthere was not the remotest chance of their lofty perch being found outbefore daybreak, and the first faint streaks of dawn would awaken him.
these two, remote, abandoned, hopelessly environed by a savage enemy,closed their eyes contentedly and awaited that which the coming dayshould bring forth.
when the morning breeze swept over the ocean and the stars werebeginning to pale before the pink glory flung broadcast through the skyby the yet invisible sun, the sailor was aroused by the quietfluttering of a bird about to settle on the rock, but startled by thesight of him.
his faculties were at once on the alert, though he little realized thedanger betokened by the bird's rapid dart into the void.
turning firstto peer at iris, he satisfied himself that she was still asleep.
herlips were slightly parted in a smile; she might be dreaming of summerand england.
he noiselessly wormed his way to the verge of the rock andlooked down through the grass-roots.
the dyaks were already stirring.
some were replenishing the fire,others were drawing water, cooking, eating, smoking long thin-stemmedpipes with absurdly small bowls, or oiling their limbs and weapons withimpartial energy.
the chief yet lay stretched on the sand, but, whenthe first beams of the sun gilded the waters, a man stooped over theprostrate form and said something that caused the sleeper to risestiffly, supporting himself on his uninjured arm.
they at once went offtogether towards europa point.
"they have found the boat," thought jenks.
"well, they are welcome toall the information it affords."
the pair soon returned.
another dyak advanced to exhibit one of jenks'sspring-gun attachments.
the savages had a sense of humor.
severallaughed heartily when the cause of their overnight alarms was revealed.
the chief alone preserved a gloomy and saturnine expression.
he gave some order at which they all hung back sheepishly.
cursing themin choice malay, the chief seized a thick faggot and strode in thedirection of the cave.
goaded into activity by his truculent demeanor,some followed him, and jenks--unable to see, but listeninganxiously--knew that they were tearing the _cheval de frise_ fromits supports.
nevertheless none of the working party entered theexcavation.
they feared the parched bones that shone by night.
murmured the sailor.
"if his spirit still lingers near thescene of his murder he will thank me for dragging him into the fray.
hefought them living and he can scare them dead."
as he had not been able to complete the communicating shaft it was notnow of vital importance should the dyaks penetrate to the interior.
yethe thanked the good luck that had showered such a heap of rubbish overthe spot containing his chief stores and covering the vein of gold.
wild as these fellows were, they well knew the value of the preciousmetal, and if by chance they lighted upon such a well-defined lode theymight not quit the island for weeks.
at last, on a command from the chief, the dyaks scattered in variousdirections.
some turned towards europa point, but the majority went tothe east along turtle beach or by way of the lagoon.
prospect park wasdeserted.
they were scouring both sections of the island in full force.
the quiet watcher on the ledge took no needless risks.
though it wasimpossible to believe any stratagem had been planned for his specialbenefit an accident might betray him.
with the utmost circumspection herose on all fours and with comprehensive glance examined trees,plateau, and both strips of beach for signs of a lurking foe.
he needhave no fear.
of all places in the island the dyaks least imagined thattheir quarry had lain all night within earshot of their encampment.
at this hour, when the day had finally conquered the night, and theplacid sea offered a turquoise path to the infinite, the scene wasrestful, gently bewitching.
he knew that, away there to the north, p.and o. steamers, messageries maritimes, and north german lloyd linerswere steadily churning the blue depths _en route_ to japan or thestraits settlements.
they carried hundreds of european passengers, menand women, even little children, who were far removed from theknowledge that tragedies such as this dyak horror lay almost in theirpath.
people in london were just going to the theater.
he recalled thefamiliar jingle of the hansoms scampering along piccadilly, the morestately pace of the private carriages crossing the park.
was itpossible that in the world of today--the world of telegraphs andexpress trains, of the newspaper and the motor car--two inoffensivehuman beings could be done to death so shamefully and openly as wouldbe the fate of iris and himself if they fell into the hands of thesesavages!
it was inconceivable, intolerable!
but it was true!
and then, by an odd trick of memory, his mind reverted, not to theyorkshire manor he learnt to love as a boy, but to a little frenchinland town where he once passed a summer holiday intent on improvinghis knowledge of the language.
interior france is even more remote,more secluded, more provincial, than agricultural england.
there nobreath of the outer world intrudes.
all is laborious, circumspect, atrifle poverty-stricken, but beautified by an arcadian simplicity.
yetone memorable day, when walking by the banks of a river, he came uponthree men dragging from out a pool the water-soaked body of a younggirl into whose fair forehead the blunt knob often seen on the back ofan old-fashioned axe had been driven with cruel force.
so, even in thattiny old-world hamlet, murder and lust could stalk hand in hand.
why did such a hateful vision trouble him?
resolutelybanning the raven-winged specter, he slid back down the ledge andgently wakened iris.
she sat up instantly and gazed at him withwondering eyes.
fearful lest she should forget her surroundings, he placed a warningfinger on his lips.
"oh," she said in a whisper, "are they still here?"
he told her what had happened, and suggested that they should havesomething to eat whilst the coast was clear beneath.
she needed nosecond bidding, for the long vigil of the previous night had made hervery hungry, and the two breakfasted right royally on biscuit, coldfowl, ham, and good water.
in this, the inner section of their refuge, they could be seen only bya bird or by a man standing on the distant rocky shelf that formed thesouthern extremity of the opposite cliff, and the sailor kept a closelookout in that direction.
iris was about to throw the remains of the feast into an empty oil-tinprovided for refuse when jenks restrained her.
"no," he said, smilingly.
"scraps should be the first course next time.
we must not waste an atom of food."
"how thoughtless of me!"
"please tell me you think theywill go away today."
but the sailor flung himself flat on the ledge and grasped alee-metford.
"be still, on your life," he said.
"squeeze into your corner.
there isa dyak on the opposite cliff."
true enough, a man had climbed to that unhappily placed rocky table,and was shouting something to a confrère high on the cliff over theirheads.
as yet he had not seen them, nor even noticed the place wherethey were concealed.
the sailor imagined, from the dyak's gestures,that he was communicating the uselessness of further search on thewestern part of the island.
when the conversation ceased, he hoped the loud-voiced savage woulddescend.
the scout looked into the valley, at the well, thehouse, the cave.
still he did not see the ledge.
at that unlucky momentthree birds, driven from the trees on the crest by the passage of thedyaks, flew down the face of the cliff and began a circling quest forsome safe perch on which to alight.
jenks swore with an emphasis not the less earnest because it was mute,and took steady aim at the dyak's left breast.
the birds flutteredabout in ever smaller circles.
then one of them dropped easily on tothe lip of the rock.
instantly his bright eyes encountered those of theman, and he darted off with a scream that brought his mates after him.
the dyak evidently noted the behavior of the birds--his only lore wasthe reading of such signs--and gazed intently at the ledge.
jenks hecould not distinguish behind the screen of grass.
he might perhaps seesome portion of the tarpaulin covering the stores, but at the distanceit must resemble a weather-beaten segment of the cliff.
yet somethingpuzzled him.
after a steady scrutiny he turned and yelled to others onthe beach.
the crucial moment had arrived.
jenks pressed the trigger, and the dyakhurtled through the air, falling headlong out of sight.
the sound of this, the first shot of real warfare, awoke rainbow islandinto tremendous activity.
the winged life of the place filled the airwith raucous cries, whilst shouting dyaks scurried in all directions.
several came into the valley.
those nearest the fallen man picked himup and carried him to the well.
he was quite dead, and, although amidsthis other injuries they soon found the bullet wound, they evidently didnot know whence the shot came, for those to whom he shouted had noinkling of his motive, and the slight haze from the rifle was instantlyswept away by the breeze.
iris could hear the turmoil beneath, and she tremulously asked--"are they going to attack us?"
"not yet," was the reassuring answer.
"i killed the fellow who saw usbefore he could tell the others."
it was a bold risk, and he had taken it, though, now the dyaks knew forcertain their prey had not escaped, there was no prospect of theirspeedy departure.
nevertheless the position was not utterly hopeless.
none of the enemy could tell how or by whom their companion had beenshot.
many among the excited horde jabbering beneath actually looked atthe cliff over and over again, yet failed to note the potentialities ofthe ledge, with its few tufts of grass growing where seeds hadapparently been blown by the wind or dropped by passing birds.
jenks understood, of course, that the real danger would arise when theyvisited the scene of their comrade's disaster.
even then the waveringbalance of chance might cast the issue in his favor.
he could onlywait, with ready rifle, with the light of battle lowering in his eyes.
of one thing at least he was certain--before they conquered him hewould levy a terrible toll.
he glanced back at iris.
her face was pale beneath its mask ofsunbrown.
she was bent over her bible, and jenks did not know that shewas reading the 91st psalm.
her lips murmured--"i will say unto the lord, he is my refuge and my fortress; my god, inhim will i trust."
the chief was listening intently to the story of the dyak who saw thedead man totter and fall.
he gave some quick order.
followed by a scoreor more of his men he walked rapidly to the foot of the cliff wherethey found the lifeless body.
and iris read--"thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night; nor for the arrowthat flieth by day."
jenks stole one more hasty glance at her.
the chief and the greaternumber of his followers were out of sight behind the rocks.
some ofthem must now be climbing to that fatal ledge.
was this the end?
yet the girl, unconscious of the doom impending, kept her eyessteadfastly fixed on the book.
"for he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thyways.
"they shall bear thee up in their hands, lest thou dash thy footagainst a stone...."he shall call upon me, and i will answer him: i will be with him introuble: i will deliver him and honour him."
iris did not apply the consoling words to herself.
she closed the bookand bent forward sufficiently in her sheltering niche to permit her togaze with wistful tenderness upon the man whom she hoped to seedelivered and honored.
she knew he would dare all for her sake.
shecould only pray and hope.
after reading those inspired verses sheplaced implicit trust in the promise made.
for he was good: his was themercy that "endureth forever."
enemies encompassed them with words ofhatred--fought against them without a cause--but there was one whoshould "judge among the heathen" and "fill the places with deadbodies."
suddenly a clamor of discordant yells fell upon her ears.
jenks rose tohis knees.
the dyaks had discovered their refuge and were about to openfire.
he offered them a target lest perchance iris were not thoroughlyscreened.
"keep close," he said.
"they have found us.
lead will be flying aroundsoon."
she flinched back into the crevice; the sailor fell prone.
four bulletsspat into the ledge, of which three pierced the tarpaulin and oneflattened itself against the rock.
then jenks took up the tale.
so curiously constituted was this man,that although he ruthlessly shot the savage who first spied out theirretreat, he was swayed only by the dictates of stern necessity.
therewas a feeble chance that further bloodshed might be averted.
thatchance had passed.
the enemy must start the dreadful gameabout to be played.
they had thrown the gage and he answered them.
fourtimes did the lee-metford carry death, unseen, almost unfelt, acrossthe valley.
ere the fourth dyak collapsed limply where he stood, others were there,firing at the little puff of smoke above the grass.
they got in a fewshots, most of which sprayed at various angles off the face of thecliff.
but they waited for no more.
when the lever of the lee-metfordwas shoved home for the fifth time the opposing crest was bare of allopponents save two, and they lay motionless.
the fate of the flanking detachment was either unperceived or unheededby the dyaks left in the vicinity of the house and well.
astounded bythe firing that burst forth in mid-air, jenks had cleared the dangerousrock before they realized that here, above their heads, were the whiteman and the maid whom they sought.
with stupid zeal they blazed away furiously, only succeeding inshowering fragments of splintered stone into the eagle's nest.
and thesailor smiled.
he quietly picked up an old coat, rolled it into a balland pushed it into sight amidst the grass.
then he squirmed round onhis stomach and took up a position ten feet away.
of course those whostill carried loaded guns discharged them at the bundle of rags,whereupon jenks thrust his rifle beyond the edge of the rock and leanedover.
three dyaks fell before the remainder made up their minds to run.
onceconvinced, however, that running was good for their health, they movedwith much celerity.
the remaining cartridges in the magazine slackenedthe pace of two of their number.
jenks dropped the empty weapon andseized another.
he stood up now and sent a quick reminder after therearmost pirate.
the others had disappeared towards the locality wheretheir leader and his diminished troupe were gathered, not daring toagain come within range of the whistling dum-dums.
the sailor, holdinghis rifle as though pheasant-shooting, bent forward and sought abelated opponent, but in vain.
in military phrase, the _terrain_was clear of the enemy.
there was no sound save the wailing of birds,the soft sough of the sea, and the yelling of the three wounded men inthe house, who knew not what terrors threatened, and vainly bawled forsuccor.
again jenks could look at iris.
her face was bleeding.
the sightmaddened him.
he groaned, "are you wounded?"
she smiled bravely at him.
"it is nothing," she said.
"a mere splash from the rock which cut myforehead."
he dared not go to her.
he could only hope that it was no worse, so heturned to examine the valley once more for vestige of a living foe.
though his eyes, like live coals, glowered with sullen fire at thestrip of sand and the rocks in front, his troubled brain paidperfunctory heed to his task.
the stern sense of duty, the ingrainedforce of long years of military discipline and soldierly thought,compelled him to keep watch and ward over his fortress, but he couldnot help asking himself what would happen if iris were seriouslywounded.
there was one enemy more potent than these skulking dyaks, a foe moreirresistible in his might, more pitiless in his strength, whoseassaults would tax to the utmost their powers of resistance.
in anotherhour the sun would be high in the heavens, pouring his ardent rays uponthem and drying the blood in their veins.
hitherto, the active life of the island, the shade of trees, hut orcave, the power of unrestricted movement and the possession of water inany desired quantity, robbed the tropical heat of the day of its chiefterrors.
now all was changed.
instead of working amidst gratefulfoliage, they were bound to the brown rock, which soon would glow withradiated energy and give off scorching gusts like unto the opening of afurnace-door.
this he had foreseen all along.
the tarpaulin would yield them somedegree of uneasy protection, and they both were in perfect physicalcondition.
but--if iris were wounded!
if the extra strain brought feverin its wake!
that way he saw nothing but blank despair, to be ended,for her, by delirium and merciful death, for him by a berserk rushamong the dyaks, and one last mad fight against overwhelming numbers.
then the girl's voice reached him, self-reliant, almost cheerful--"you will be glad to hear that the cut has stopped bleeding.
it is onlya scratch."
so a kindly providence had spared them yet a little while.
the cloudpassed from his mind, the gathering mist from his eyes.
in that instanthe thought he detected a slight rustling among the trees where thecliff shelved up from the house.
standing as he was on the edge of therock, this was a point he could not guard against.
when her welcome assurance recalled his scattered senses, he steppedback to speak to her, and in the same instant a couple of bulletscrashed against the rock overhead.
iris had unwittingly saved him froma serious, perhaps fatal, wound.
he sprang to the extreme right of the ledge and boldly looked into thetrees beneath.
two dyaks were there, belated wanderers cut off from themain body.
they dived headlong into the undergrowth for safety, but oneof them was too late.
the lee-metford reached him, and itsreverberating concussion, tossed back and forth by the echoing rocks,drowned his parting scream.
in the plenitude of restored vigor the sailor waited for no counterdemonstration.
he turned and crouchingly approached the southern end ofhis parapet.
through his screen of grass he could discern the longblack hair and yellow face of a man who lay on the sand and twisted hishead around the base of the further cliff.
the distance, oft measured,was ninety yards, the target practically a six-inch bull's-eye.
jenkstook careful aim, fired, and a whiff of sand flew up.
perhaps he had used too fine a sight and ploughed a furrow beneath thedyak's ear.
he only heard a faint yell, but the enterprising headvanished and there were no more volunteers for that particular service.
he was still peering at the place when a cry of unmitigated anguishcame from iris--"oh, come quick!
the casks have burst!"
it was not until jenks had torn the tarpaulin from off their stores,and he was wildly striving with both hands to scoop up some preciousdrops collected in the small hollows of the ledge, that he realized thefull magnitude of the disaster which had befallen them.
during the first rapid exchange of fire, before the enemy vacated thecliff, several bullets had pierced the tarpaulin.
by a stroke ofexceeding bad fortune two of them had struck each of the water-barrelsand started the staves.
the contents quietly ebbed away beneath thebroad sheet, and flowing inwards by reason of the sharp slope of theledge, percolated through the fault.
iris and he, notwithstanding theirfrenzied efforts, were not able to save more than a pint of grittydiscolored fluid.
the rest, infinitely more valuable to them than allthe diamonds of de beers, was now oozing through the natural channelcut by centuries of storm, dripping upon the headless skeleton in thecave, soaking down to the very heart of their buried treasure.
jenks was so paralyzed by this catastrophe that iris became alarmed.
asyet she did not grasp its awful significance.
that he, her hero, sobrave, so confident in the face of many dangers, should betray suchsense of irredeemable loss, frightened her much more than the incidentitself.
her lips whitened.
her words become incoherent.
"tell me," she whispered.
"i can bear anything but silence.
tell me, iimplore you.
is it so bad?"
the sight of her distress sobered him.
he ground his teeth together asa man does who submits to a painful operation and resolves not toflinch beneath the knife.
"it is very bad," he said; "not quite the end, but near it."
"the end," she bravely answered, "is death!
we are living anduninjured.
you must fight on.
if the lord wills it we shall not die."
he looked in her blue eyes and saw there the light of heaven.
"god bless you, dear girl," he murmured brokenly.
"you would cheer anyman through the valley of the shadow, were he christian orfaint-heart."
her glance did not droop before his.
in such moments heart speaks toheart without concealment.
"we still have a little water," she cried.
"fortunately we are notthirsty.
you have not forgotten our supply of champagne and brandy?"
there was a species of mad humor in the suggestion.
oh for anothermiracle that should change the wine into water!
he could only fall in with her unreflective mood and leave the dreadfultruth to its own evil time.
in their little nook the power of the sunhad not yet made itself felt.
by ordinary computation it was about nineo'clock.
long before noon they would be grilling.
throughout the nextfew hours they must suffer the torture of dives with one meager pint ofwater to share between them.
of course the wine and spirit must beshunned like a pestilence.
to touch either under such conditions wouldbe courting heat, apoplexy, and death.
and next day!
he tightened his jaws before he answered--"we will console ourselves with a bottle of champagne for dinner.
meanwhile, i hear our friends shouting to those left on this side ofthe island.
i must take an active interest in the conversation."
he grasped a rifle and lay down on the ledge, already gratefully warm.
there was a good deal of sustained shouting going on.
jenks thought herecognized the chief's voice, giving instructions to those who had comefrom smugglers' cove and were now standing on the beach near thequarry.
"i wonder if he is hungry," he thought.
"if so, i will interfere withthe commissariat."
iris peeped forth at him.
"yes," without turning his head.
he knew it was an ordinary question.
"may i come too?"
expose yourself on the ledge!"
"yes, even that.
i am so tired of sitting here alone."
"well, there is no danger at present.
but they might chance to see you,and you remember what i--""yes, i remember quite well.
if that is all--" there was a rustle ofgarments.
"i am very mannish in appearance.
if you promise not to lookat me i will join you."
iris stepped forth.
she was flushed a little, and, to cover herconfusion, may be, she picked up a lee-metford.
"now there are two guns," she said, as she stood near him.
he could see through the tail of his eye that a slight but elegantlyproportioned young gentleman of the sea-faring profession had suddenlyappeared from nowhere.
he was glad she had taken this course.
it mightbetter the position were the dyaks to see her thus.
"the moment i tell you, you must fall flat," he warned her.
"noceremony about it.
"i don't know anything better calculated to make one flop than abullet," she laughed.
not yet did the tragedy of the broken kegs appealto her.
"yes, but it achieves its purpose in two ways.
i want you to adopt theprecautionary method."
"trust me for that.
the sailor's rifle went off with an unexpected bang that froze theexclamation on her lips.
three dyaks were attempting to run thegauntlet to their beleaguered comrades.
they carried a jar and twowicker baskets.
he with the jar fell and broke it.
the others doubledback like hares, and the first man dragged himself after them.
jenksdid not fire again.
iris watched the wounded wretch crawling along the ground.
her eyesgrew moist, and she paled somewhat.
when he vanished she looked intothe valley and at the opposing ledge; three men lay dead within twentyyards of her.
two others dangled from the rocks.
it took her some timeto control her quavering utterance sufficiently to say--"i hope i may not have to use a gun.
i know it cannot be helped, but ifi were to kill a human being i do not think i would ever rest again."
"in that case i have indeed murdered sleep today," was the unfeelingreply.
a man must be made of sterner stuff.
we have a right to defendourselves.
if need be i will exercise that right.
still it is horrid,oh, so horrid!"
she could not see the sailor's grim smile.
it would materially affecthis rest, for the better, were he able to slay every dyak on the islandwith a single shot.
yet her gentle protest pleased him.
she could notat the same time be callous to human suffering and be iris.
but hedeclined the discussion of such sentiments.
"you were going to say something when a brief disturbance took place?"
i was surprised to find how hot the ledge has become."
"you notice it more because you are obliged to remain here."
after a pause--"i think i understand now why you were so upset by the loss of ourwater supply.
before the day ends we will be in great straits, enduringagonies from thirst!"
"let us not meet the devil half-way," he rejoined.
he preferred theunfair retort to a confession which could only foster dismay.
"but, please, i am thirsty now."
he moved uneasily.
he was only too conscious of the impish weakness,common to all mankind, which creates a desire out of sheer inability tosatisfy it.
already his own throat was parched.
the excitement of theearly struggle was in itself enough to engender an acute thirst.
hethought it best to meet their absolute needs as far as possible.
"bring the tin cup," he said.
"let us take half our store and use theremainder when we eat.
try to avoid breathing through your mouth.
thehot air quickly affects the palate and causes an artificial dryness.
wecannot yet be in real need of water.
it is largely imagination."
iris needed no second bidding.
she carefully measured out half a pintof the unsavory fluid--the dregs of the casks and the scourings of theledge.
"i will drink first," she cried.
"no, no," he interrupted impatiently.
"give it to me."
she pretended to be surprised.
"as a mere matter of politeness----""i am sorry, but i must insist."
she gave him the cup over his shoulder.
he placed it to his lips andgulped steadily.
"there," he said, gruffly.
"i was in a hurry.
the dyaks may makeanother rush at any moment."
iris looked into the vessel.
"you have taken none at all," she said.
"mr. jenks, be reasonable!
you need it more than i. i d-don't wantto--live w-without--you."
his hands shook somewhat.
it was well there was no call for accurateshooting just then.
"i assure you i took all i required," he declared with unnecessaryvehemence.
"at least drink your share, to please me," she murmured.
"you wished to humbug me," he grumbled.
"if you will take the firsthalf i will take the second."
and they settled it that way.
the few mouthfuls of tepid water gavethem new life.
one sense can deceive the others.
a man developing allthe symptoms of hydrophobia has been cured by the assurance that thedog which bit him was not mad.
so these two, not yet aflame withdrought, banished the arid phantom for a little while.
nevertheless, by high noon they were suffering again.
the time passedvery slowly.
the sun rose to the zenith and filled earth and air withhis ardor.
it seemed to be a miracle--now appreciated for the firsttime in their lives--that the sea did not dry up, and the leaves witheron the trees.
the silence, the deathly inactivity of all things, becameintolerable.
the girl bravely tried to confine her thoughts to the taskof the hour.
she displayed alert watchfulness, an instant readiness towarn her companion of the slightest movement among the trees or by therocks to the north-west, this being the arc of their periphery assignedto her.
looking at a sunlit space from cover, and looking at the same placewhen sweltering in the direct rays of a tropical sun, are kindredoperations strangely diverse in achievement.
iris could not reconcilethe physical sensitiveness of the hour with the careless hardihood ofthe preceding days.
her eyes ached somewhat, for she had tilted hersou'wester to the back of her head in the effort to cool her throbbingtemples.
she put up her right hand to shade the too vivid reflection ofthe glistening sea, and was astounded to find that in a few minutes theback of her hand was scorched.
a faint sound of distant shoutingdisturbed her painful reverie.
"how is it," she asked, "that we feel the heat so much today?
i havehardly noticed it before."
"for two good reasons--forced idleness and radiation from thisconfounded rock.
moreover, this is the hottest day we have experiencedon the island.
there is not a breath of air, and the hot weather hasjust commenced."
"don't you think," she said, huskily, "that our position here is quitehopeless?"
they were talking to each other sideways.
the sailor never turned hisgaze from the southern end of the valley.
"it is no more hopeless now than last night or this morning," hereplied.
"but suppose we are kept here for several days?"
"that was always an unpleasant probability."
"we had water then.
even with an ample supply it would be difficult tohold out.
as things are, such a course becomes simply impossible."
her despondency pierced his soul.
a slow agony was consuming her.
"it is hard, i admit," he said.
"nevertheless you must bear up untilnight falls.
then we will either obtain water or leave this place."
"surely we can do neither."
"we may be compelled to do both."
in this, his hour of extremest need, the man was vouchsafed a shred ofluck.
to answer her satisfactorily would have baffled a talleyrand.
butbefore he could frame a feeble pretext for his too sanguine prediction,a sampan appeared, eight hundred yards from turtle beach, andstrenuously paddled by three men.
the vague hallooing they had heardwas explained.
the dyaks, though to the manner born, were weary of sun-scorched rocksand salt water.
the boat was coming in response to their signals, andthe sight inspired jenks with fresh hope.
like a lightning flash camethe reflection that if he could keep them away from the well anddestroy the sampan now hastening to their assistance, perhaps conveyingthe bulk of their stores, they would soon tire of slaking their thirst,on the few pitcher-plants growing on the north shore.
"come quick," he shouted, adjusting the backsight of a rifle.
"lie downand aim at the front of that boat, a little short if anything.
itdoesn't matter if the bullets strike the sea first."
he placed the weapon in readiness for her and commenced operationshimself before iris could reach his side.
soon both rifles werepitching twenty shots a minute at the sampan.
the result of theirlong-range practice was not long in doubt.
the dyaks danced from seatto seat in a state of wild excitement.
one man was hurled overboard.
then the craft lurched seaward in the strong current, and jenks toldiris to leave the rest to him.
before he could empty a second magazine a fortunate bullet ripped aplank out and the sampan filled and went down, amidst a shrill yell ofexecration from the back of the cliff.
the two dyaks yet livingendeavored to swim ashore, half a mile through shark-invested reefs.
the sailor did not even trouble about them.
after a few franticstruggles each doomed wretch flung up his arms and vanished.
in theclear atmosphere the on-lookers could see black fins cutting thepellucid sea.
this exciting episode dispelled the gathering mists from the girl'sbrain.
her eyes danced and she breathed hard.
yet something worriedher.
"i hope i didn't hit the man who fell out of the boat," she said.
"oh," came the prompt assurance, "i took deliberate aim at that chap.
he was a most persistent scoundrel."
iris was satisfied.
jenks thought it better to lie than to tell thetruth, for the bald facts hardly bore out his assertion.
judging fromthe manner of the dyak's involuntary plunge he had been hit by aricochet bullet, whilst the sailor's efforts were wholly confined tosinking the sampan.
however, let it pass.
bullet or shark, the end wasthe same.
they were quieting down--the thirst fiend was again slowly saltingtheir veins--when something of a dirty white color fluttered into sightfrom behind the base of the opposite cliff.
it was rapidly withdrawn,to reappear after an interval.
now it was held more steadily and abrown arm became visible.
as jenks did not fire, a turbaned head poppedinto sight.
it was the mahommedan.
"no shoot it," he roared.
"me english speak it."
"don't you speak hindustani?"
shouted jenks in urdu of the higherproficiency.
"[footnote: yes, sir.]
was the joyful response.
"will yourhonor permit his servant to come and talk with him?"
"yes, if you come unarmed."
"and the chief, too, sahib?"
"yes, but listen!
on the first sign of treachery i shoot both of you!"
"we will keep faith, sahib.
may kites pick our bones if we fail!"
then there stepped into full view the renegade mussulman and hisleader.
they carried no guns; the chief wore his kriss.
[illustration: the two halted some ten paces in front of the cavern.
and the belligerents surveyed each other.]
"tell him to leave that dagger behind!"
cried the sailor imperiously.
as the enemy demanded a parley he resolved to adopt the conqueror'stone from the outset.
the chief obeyed with a scowl, and the twoadvanced to the foot of the rock.
"stand close to me," said jenks to iris.
"let them see you plainly, butpull your hat well down over your eyes."
she silently followed his instructions.
now that the very crisis oftheir fate had arrived she was nervous, shaken, conscious only of adesire to sink on her knees, and pray.
one or two curious heads were craned round the corner of the rock.
"if those men do not instantly go away i will fireat them."
the indian translated this order and the chief vociferated someclanging syllables which had the desired effect.
the two halted someten paces in front of the cavern, and the belligerents surveyed eachother.
it was a fascinating spectacle, this drama in real life.
theyellow-faced dyak, gaudily attired in a crimson jacket and sky-bluepantaloons of chinese silk--a man with the _beauté du diable_,young, and powerfully built--and the brown-skinned white-clothedmahommedan, bony, tall, and grey with hardship, looked up at theoccupants of the ledge.
iris, slim and boyish in her male garments, wasdwarfed by the six-foot sailor, but her face was blood-stained, andjenks wore a six weeks' stubble of beard.
holding their lee-metfordswith alert ease, with revolvers strapped to their sides, they presenteda warlike and imposing tableau in their inaccessible perch.
in the pathof the emissaries lay the bodies of the slain.
the dyak leader scowledagain as he passed them.
"sahib," began the indian, "my chief, taung s'ali, does not wish tohave any more of his men killed in a foolish quarrel about a woman.
give her up, he says, and he will either leave you here in peace, orcarry you safely to some place where you can find a ship manned bywhite men."
said jenks, scornfully.
"that is idle talk!
what woman ishere?"
this question nonplussed the native.
"the woman whom the chief saw half a month back, sahib."
"taung s'ali was bewitched.
i slew his men so quickly that he sawspirits."
the chief caught his name and broke in with a question.
a volley oftalk between the two was enlivened with expressive gestures by taungs'ali, who several times pointed to iris, and jenks now anathematizedhis thoughtless folly in permitting the dyak to approach so near.
themahommedan, of course, had never seen her, and might have persuaded theother that in truth there were two men only on the rock.
his fears were only too well founded.
the mussulman salaamedrespectfully and said--"protector of the poor, i cannot gainsay your word, but taung s'alisays that the maid stands by your side, and is none the less the womanhe seeks in that she wears a man's clothing."
"he has sharp eyes, but his brain is addled," retorted the sailor.
"whydoes he come here to seek a woman who is not of his race?
not only hashe brought death to his people and narrowly escaped it himself, but hemust know that any violence offered to us will mean the exterminationof his whole tribe by an english warship.
tell him to take away hisboats and never visit this isle again.
perhaps i will then forget histreacherous attempt to murder us whilst we slept last night."
the chief glared back defiantly, whilst the mahommedan said--"sahib, it is beet not to anger him too much.
he says he means to havethe girl.
he saw her beauty that day and she inflamed his heart.
shehas cost him many lives, but she is worth a sultan's ransom.
he caresnot for warships.
they cannot reach his village in the hills.
by thetomb of nizam-ud-din, sahib, he will not harm you if you give her up,but if you refuse he will kill you both.
and what is one woman more orless in the world that she should cause strife and blood-letting?"
the sailor knew the eastern character too well not to understand theman's amazement that he should be so solicitous about the fate of oneof the weaker sex.
it was seemingly useless to offer terms, yet thenative was clearly so anxious for an amicable settlement that he caughtat a straw.
"you come from delhi?"
"honored one, you have great wisdom."
"none but a delhi man swears by the tomb on the road to the kutub.
youhave escaped from the andamans?"
"sahib, i did but slay a man in self-defence."
"whatever the cause, you can never again see india.
nevertheless, youwould give many years of your life to mix once more with thebazaar-folk in the chandni chowk, and sit at night on a charpoy nearthe lahore gate?"
the brown skin assumed a sallow tinge.
"that is good speaking," he gurgled.
"then help me and my friend to escape.
compel your chief to leave theisland.
plot against him!
i will promise you freedom andplenty of rupees.
do this, and i swear to you i will come in a ship andtake you away.
the miss-sahib's father is powerful.
he has greatinfluence with the sirkar.
"[footnote: the government of india.]
taung s'ali was evidently bewildered and annoyed by this passionateappeal which he did not understand.
he demanded an explanation, and theready-witted native was obliged to invent some plausible excuse.
yetwhen he raised his face to jenks there was the look of a hunted animalin his eyes.
"sahib," he said, endeavoring to conceal his agitation.
"i am one amongmany.
a word from me and they would cut my throat.
if i were with youthere on the rock i would die with you, for i was in the kumaonrissala[footnote: a native cavalry regiment.]
when the trouble befellme.
it is of no avail to bargain with a tiger, sahib.
i suppose youwill not give up the miss-sahib.
pretend to argue with me.
i will helpin any way possible."
jenks's heart bounded when this unlooked-for offer reached his ears.
the unfortunate mahommedan was evidently eager to get away from thepiratical gang into whose power he had fallen.
but the chief wasimpatient, if not suspicious of these long speeches.
angrily holding forth a lee-metford the sailor shouted--"tell taung s'ali that i will slay him and all his men ere tomorrow'ssun rises.
he knows something of my power, but not all.
tonight, at thetwelfth hour, you will find a rope hanging from the rock.
tie thereto avessel of water.
fail not in this.
i will not forget your services.
iam anstruther sahib, of the belgaum rissala."
the native translated his words into a fierce defiance of taung s'aliand his dyaks.
the chief glanced at jenks and iris with an ominoussmile.
he muttered something.
there is nothing more to be said.
beware of the trees onyour right.
they can send silent death even to the place where youstand.
and i will not fail you tonight, on my life," cried theinterpreter.
"i believe you.
but inform your chief that once you havedisappeared round the rock whence you came i will talk to him only witha rifle."
taung s'ali seemed to comprehend the englishman's emphatic motions.
waving his hand defiantly, the dyak turned, and, with one partingglance of mute assurance, the indian followed him.
and now there came to jenks a great temptation.
iris touched his armand whispered--"what have you decided?
i did not dare to speak lest he should hear myvoice."
she was sure the dyak could not penetrate her disguise,though she feared from the manner in which the conference broke up thatit had not been satisfactory.
jenks did not answer her.
he knew that if he killed taung s'ali his menwould be so dispirited that when the night came they would fly.
therewas so much at stake--iris, wealth, love, happiness, life itself--alldepended on his plighted word.
yet his savage enemy, a slayer of women,a human vampire soiled with every conceivable crime, was stalking backto safety with a certain dignified strut, calmly trusting to the whiteman's bond.
oh, it was cruel!
the ordeal of that ghastly moment was more tryingthan all that he had hitherto experienced.
he gave a choking sob ofrelief when the silken-clad scoundrel passed out of sight without evendeigning to give another glance at the ledge or at those who silentlywatched him.
iris could not guess the nature of the mortal struggle raging in thesailor's soul.
"tell me," she repeated, "what have you done?"
"kept faith with that swaggering ruffian," he said, with an odd feelingof thankfulness that he spoke truly.
have you made him any promise?"
"unhappily i permitted him to come here, so i had to let him go.
herecognized you instantly."
this surprised her greatly.
"are you sure?
i saw him pointing at me, but he seemed to be in such abad temper that i imagined that he was angry with you for exchanging aprepossessing young lady for an ill-favored youth."
jenks with difficulty suppressed a sigh.
her words for an instant hadthe old piquant flavor.
keeping a close watch on the sheltering promontory, he told her allthat had taken place.
iris became very downcast when she grasped theexact state of affairs.
she was almost certain when the dyaks proposeda parley that reasonable terms would result.
it horrified her beyondmeasure to find that she was the rock on which negotiations werewrecked.
hope died within her.
the bitterness of death was in herbreast.
"what an unlucky influence i have had on your existence!"
"if it were not for me this trouble at least would be sparedyou.
because i am here you are condemned.
again, because i stopped youfrom shooting that wretched chief and his companions they are nowdemanding your life as a forfeit.
it is all my fault.
i cannot bearit."
she was on the verge of tears.
the strain had become too great for her.
after indulging in a wild dream of freedom, to be told that they mustagain endure the irksome confinement, the active suffering, the slowhorrors of a siege in that rocky prison, almost distracted her.
jenks was very stern and curt in his reply.
"we must make the best of a bad business," he said.
"if we are in atight place the dyaks are not much better off, and eighteen of theirnumber are dead or wounded.
you forget, too, that providence has sentus a most useful ally in the mahommedan.
when all is said and done,things might be far worse than they are."
never before had his tone been so cold, his manner so abrupt, not evenin the old days when he purposely endeavored to make her dislike him.
she walked along the ledge and timidly bent over him.
she whispered; "i did forget for the moment, not only thegoodness of providence, but also your self-sacrificing devotion.
i amonly a woman, and i don't want to die yet, but i will not live unlessyou too are saved."
once already that day she had expressed this thought in other words.
was some shadowy design flitting through her brain?
suppose they werefaced with the alternatives of dying from thirst or yielding to thedyaks.
was there another way out?
jenks shivered, though the rock wasgrilling him.
he must divert her mind from this dreadful brooding.
"the fact is," he said with a feeble attempt at cheerfulness, "we areboth hungry and consequently grumpy.
now, suppose you prepare lunch.
wewill feel ever so much better after we have eaten."
the girl choked back her emotion, and sadly essayed the task ofproviding a meal which was hateful to her.
in doing so she saw herbible, lying where she had placed it that morning, the leaves stillopen at the 91st psalm.
she had indeed forgotten the promise itcontained--"for he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thyways."
a few tears fell now and made little furrows down her soiled cheeks.
but they were helpful tears, tears of resignation, not of despair.
although the "destruction that wasteth at noonday" was trying hersorely she again felt strong and sustained.
she even smiled on detecting an involuntary effort to clear her stainedface.
she was about to carry a biscuit and some tinned meat to thesailor when a sharp exclamation from him caused her to hasten to hisside.
the dyaks had broken cover.
running in scattered sections across thesands, they were risking such loss as the defenders might be able toinflict upon them during a brief race to the shelter and food to beobtained in the other part of the island.
jenks did not fire at the scurrying gang.
he was waiting for one man,taung s'ali.
but that redoubtable person, having probably suggestedthis dash for liberty, had fully realized the enviable share ofattention he would attract during the passage.
he therefore discardedhis vivid attire, and, by borrowing odd garments, made himselfsufficiently like unto the remainder of his crew to deceive the sailoruntil the rush of men was over.
among them ran the mahommedan, who didnot look up the valley but waved his hand.
when all had quieted down again jenks understood how he had beenfooled.
he laughed so heartily that iris, not knowing either the causeof his merriment or the reason of his unlooked-for clemency to theflying foe, feared the sun had affected him.
he at once quitted the post occupied during so protracted a vigil.
"now," he cried, "we can eat in peace.
i have stripped the chief of hisfinery.
his men can twit him on being forced to shed his gorgeousplumage in order to save his life.
anyhow, they will leave us in peaceuntil night falls, so we must make the best of a hot afternoon."
but he was mistaken.
a greater danger than any yet experienced nowthreatened them, though iris, after perusing that wonderful psalm,might have warned him of it had she known the purpose of those longbamboos carried by some of the savages.
for taung s'ali, furious and unrelenting, resolved that if he could notobtain the girl he would slay the pair of them; and he had terribleweapons in his possession--weapons that could send "silent death evento the place where they stood."
residents in tropical countries know that the heat is greatest, orcertainly least bearable, between two and four o'clock in theafternoon.
at the conclusion of a not very luscious repast, jenks suggested thatthey should rig up the tarpaulin in such wise as to gain protectionfrom the sun and yet enable him to cast a watchful eye over the valley.
iris helped to raise the great canvas sheet on the supports he hadprepared.
once shut off from the devouring sun rays, the hot breezethen springing into fitful existence cooled their blistered butperspiring skin and made life somewhat tolerable.
still adhering to his policy of combatting the first enervating attacksof thirst, the sailor sanctioned the consumption of the remainingwater.
as a last desperate expedient, to be resorted to only in case ofsheer necessity, he uncorked a bottle of champagne and filled the tincup.
the sparkling wine, with its volume of creamy foam, looked sotempting that iris would then and there have risked its potency wereshe not promptly withheld.
jenks explained to her that when the wine became quite flat and insipidthey might use it to moisten their parched lips.
even so, in theirpresent super-heated state, the liquor was unquestionably dangerous,but he hoped it would not harm them if taken in minute quantities.
accustomed now to implicitly accept his advice, she fought and steadilyconquered the craving within her.
oddly enough, the "thawing" of theirscorched bodies beneath the tarpaulin brought a certain degree ofrelief.
they were supremely uncomfortable, but that was as naughtcompared with the relaxation from the torments previously borne.
for a long time--the best part of an hour, perhaps--they remainedsilent.
the sailor was reviewing the pros and cons of their precariouscondition.
it would, of course, be a matter of supreme importance werethe indian to be faithful to his promise.
here the prospect wasdecidedly hopeful.
the man was an old _sowar_, and the ex-officerof native cavalry knew how enduring was the attachment of this poorconvict to home and military service.
probably at that moment themahommedan was praying to the prophet and his two nephews to aid him inrescuing the sahib and the woman whom the sahib held so dear, for theall-wise and all-powerful sirkar is very merciful to offending nativeswho thus condone their former crimes.
but, howsoever willing he might be, what could one man do among somany?
the dyaks were hostile to him in race and creed, and assuredlyinfuriated against the foreign devil who had killed or wounded, inround numbers, one-fifth of their total force.
very likely, the haplessmussulman would lose his life that night in attempting to bring waterto the foot of the rock.
well, he, jenks, might have something to say in that regard.
bymidnight the moon would illumine nearly the whole of prospect park.
ifthe mahommedan were slain in front of the cavern his soul would travelto the next world attended by a nizam's cohort of slaughtered slaves.
even if the man succeeded in eluding the vigilance of his presentassociates, where was the water to come from?
there was none on theisland save that in the well.
in all likelihood the dyaks had a storein the remaining sampans, but the native ally of the beleaguered pairwould have a task of exceeding difficulty in obtaining one of the jarsor skins containing it.
again, granting all things went well that night, what would be thefinal outcome of the struggle?
how long could iris withstand theexposure, the strain, the heart-breaking misery of the rock?
the futurewas blurred, crowded with ugly and affrighting fiends passing infantastic array before his vision, and mouthing dumb threats of madnessand death.
he shook restlessly, not aware that the girl's sorrowful glance,luminous with love and pain, was fixed upon him.
summarily dismissingthese grisly phantoms of the mind, he asked himself what the mahommedanexactly meant by warning him against the trees on the right and the"silent death" that might come from them.
he was about to crawl forthto the lip of the rock and investigate matters in that locality wheniris, who also was busy with her thoughts, restrained him.
"wait a little while," she said.
"none of the dyaks will venture intothe open until night falls.
and i have something to say to you."
there was a quiet solemnity in her voice that jenks had never heardbefore.
it chilled him.
his heart acknowledged a quick sense of evilomen.
he raised himself slightly and turned towards her.
her face,beautiful and serene beneath its disfigurements, wore an expression ofsettled purpose.
for the life of him he dared not question her.
"that man, the interpreter," she said, "told you that if i were givenup to the chief, he and his followers would go away and molest you nomore."
his forehead seamed with sudden anger.
"a mere bait," he protested.
"in any event it is hardly worthdiscussion."
and the answer came, clear and resolute--"i think i will agree to those terms."
at first he regarded her with undisguised and wordless amazement.
thenthe appalling thought darted through his brain that she contemplatedthis supreme sacrifice in order to save him.
a clammy sweat bedewed hisbrow, but by sheer will power he contrived to say--"you must be mad to even dream of such a thing.
don't you understandwhat it means to you--and to me?
it is a ruse to trap us.
they areungoverned savages.
once they had you in their power they would laughat a promise made to me."
"you may be mistaken.
they must have some sense of fair dealing.
evenassuming that such was their intention, they may depart from it.
theyhave already lost a great many men.
their chief, having gained his mainobject, might not be able to persuade them to take further risks.
iwill make it a part of the bargain that they first supply you withplenty of water.
then you, unaided, could keep them at bay for manydays.
we lose nothing; we can gain a great deal by endeavoring topacify them."
he gasped, "what are you saying?"
the unexpected sound of her name on his lips almost unnerved her.
butno martyr ever went to the stake with more settled purpose than thispure woman, resolved to immolate herself for the sake of the man sheloved.
he had dared all for her, faced death in many shapes.
now it washer turn.
her eyes were lit with a seraphic fire, her sweet faceresigned as that of an angel.
"i have thought it out," she murmured, gazing at him steadily, yetscarce seeing him.
"it is worth trying as a last expedient.
we areabandoned by all, save the lord; and it does not appear to be his holywill to help us on earth.
we can struggle on here until we die.
is thatright, when one of us may live?"
her very candor had betrayed her.
she would go away with thesemonstrous captors, endure them, even flatter them, until she and theywere far removed from the island.
and then--she would kill herself.
inher innocence she imagined that self-destruction, under suchcircumstances, was a pardonable offence.
she only gave a life to save alife, and greater love than this is not known to god or man.
the sailor, in a tempest of wrath and wild emotion, had it in his mindto compel her into reason, to shake her, as one shakes a wayward child.
he rose to his knees with this half-formed notion in his fevered brain.
then he looked at her, and a mist seemed to shut her out from hissight.
was she lost to him already?
was all that had gone before anidle dream of joy and grief, a wizard's glimpse of mirrored happinessand vague perils?
was iris, the crystal-souled--thrown to him by thestorm-lashed waves--to be snatched away by some irresistible and maligninfluence?
in the mere physical effort to assure himself that she was still nearto him he gathered her up in his strong hands.
yes, she was there,breathing, wondering, palpitating.
he folded her closely to his breast,and, yielding to the passionate longings of his tired heart, whisperedto her--"my darling, do you think i can survive your loss?
you are life itselfto me.
if we have to die, sweet one, let us die together."
then iris flung her arms around his neck.
"i am quite, quite happy now," she sobbed brokenly.
"ididn't--imagine--it would come--this way, but--i am thankful--it hascome."
[illustration: love, tremendous in its power, unfathomable in itsmystery, had cast its spell over them.]
for a little while they yielded to the glamour of the divine knowledgethat amidst the chaos of eternity each soul had found its mate.
therewas no need for words.
love, tremendous in its power, unfathomable inits mystery, had cast its spell over them.
they were garbed in light,throned in a palace built by fairy hands.
on all sides squatted theghouls of privation, misery, danger, even grim death; but they heedednot the inferno; they had created a paradise in an earthly hell.
then iris withdrew herself from the man's embrace.
she was delightfullyshy and timid now.
"so you really do love me?"
she whispered, crimson-faced, with shiningeyes and parted lips.
he drew her to him again and kissed her tenderly.
for he had cast alldoubt to the winds.
no matter what the future had in store she was his,his only; it was not in man's power to part them.
a glorious effulgencedazzled his brain.
her love had given him the strength of goliath, theconfidence of david.
he would pluck her from the perils that environedher.
the dyak was not yet born who should rend her from him.
he fondled her hair and gently rubbed her cheek with his rough fingers.
the sudden sense of ownership of this fair woman was entrancing.
italmost bewildered him to find iris nestling close, clinging to him inutter confidence and trust.
"but i knew, i knew," she murmured.
"you betrayed yourself so manytimes.
you wrote your secret to me, and, though you did not tell me, ifound your dear words on the sands, and have treasured them next myheart."
what girlish romance was this?
he held her away gingerly, just so farthat he could look into her eyes.
"oh, it is true, quite true," she cried, drawing the locket from herneck.
"don't you recognize your own handwriting, or were you notcertain, just then, that you really did love me?"
how often would she repeat that wondrous phrase!
togetherthey bent over the tiny slips of paper.
there it was again--"i loveyou"--twice blazoned in magic symbols.
with blushing eagerness she toldhim how, by mere accident of course, she caught sight of her own name.
it was not very wrong, was it, to pick up that tiny scrap, or thoseothers, which she could not help seeing, and which unfolded theirsimple tale so truthfully?
it was so delightfully right that hemust kiss her again to emphasize his convictions.
all this fondling and love-making had, of course, an air of grotesqueabsurdity because indulged in by two grimy and tattered individualscrouching beneath a tarpaulin on a rocky ledge, and surrounded bybloodthirsty savages intent on their destruction.
such incidentsrequire the setting of convention, the conservatory, with its wealth offlowers and plants, a summer wood, a chippendale drawing-room.
and yet,god wot, men and women have loved each other in this grey old worldwithout stopping to consider the appropriateness of place and season.
after a delicious pause iris began again----"robert--i must call you robert now--there, there, please let me get aword in even edgeways--well then, robert dear, i do not care much whathappens now.
i suppose it was very wicked and foolish of me to speak asi did before--before you called me iris.
now tell me at once.
why didyou call me iris?"
"you must propound that riddle to your godfather."
"no wriggling, please.
why did you do it?"
"because i could not help myself.
it slid out unawares."
"how long have you thought of me only as iris, your iris?"
"ever since i first understood that somewhere in the wide world was adear woman to love me and be loved."
"but at one time you thought her name was elizabeth?"
"a delusion, a mirage!
that is why those who christened you had thewisdom of the gods."
they grew calmer, more sedate.
it was so undeniablytrue they loved one another that the fact was becoming venerable withage.
iris was perhaps the first to recognize its quiet certainty.
"as i cannot get you to talk reasonably," she protested, "i must appealto your sympathy.
i am hungry, and oh, so thirsty."
the girl had hardly eaten a morsel for her midday meal.
then she wasdespondent, utterly broken-hearted.
now she was filled with new hope.
there was a fresh motive in existence.
whether destined to live an houror half a century, she would never, never leave him, nor, of course,could he ever, ever leave her.
some things were quite impossible--forexample, that they should part.
jenks brought her a biscuit, a tin of meat, and that most doleful cupof champagne.
"it is not exactly _frappé_," he said, handing her the insipidbeverage, "but, under other conditions, it is a wine almost worthy totoast you in."
she fancied she had never before noticed what a charming smile he had.
"'toast' is a peculiarly suitable word," she cried.
"i am simplyfrizzling.
in these warm clothes----"she stopped.
for the first time since that prehistoric period when shewas "miss deane" and he "mr. jenks" she remembered the manner of hergarments.
"it is not the warm clothing you feel so much as the want of air,"explained the sailor readily.
"this tarpaulin has made the place verystuffy, but we must put up with it until sundown.
by the way, what isthat?"
a light tap on the tarred canvas directly over his head had caught hisear.
iris, glad of the diversion, told him she had heard the noisethree or four times, but fancied it was caused by the occasionalrustling of the sheet on the uprights.
jenks had not allowed his attention to wander altogether from externalevents.
since the dyaks' last escapade there was no sign of them in thevalley or on either beach.
not for trivial cause would they come againwithin range of the lee-metfords.
they waited and listened silently.
another tap sounded on the tarpaulinin a different place, and they both concurred in the belief thatsomething had darted in curved flight over the ledge and fallen on topof their protecting shield.
"let us see what the game is," exclaimed the sailor.
he crept to theback of the ledge and drew himself up until he could reach over thesheet.
he returned, carrying in his hand a couple of tiny arrows.
"there are no less than seven of these things sticking in the canvas,"he said.
"they don't look very terrible.
i suppose that is what myindian friend meant by warning me against the trees on the right."
he did not tell iris all the mahommedan said.
there was no need toalarm her causelessly.
even whilst they examined the curious littlemissile another flew up from the valley and lodged on the roof of theirshelter.
the shaft of the arrow, made of some extremely hard wood, was about teninches in length.
affixed to it was a pointed fish-bone, sharp, but notbarbed, and not fastened in a manner suggestive of much strength.
thearrow was neither feathered nor grooved for a bowstring.
altogether itseemed to be a childish weapon to be used by men equipped with lead andsteel.
jenks could not understand the appearance of this toy.
evidently thedyaks believed in its efficacy, or they would not keep onpertinaciously dropping an arrow on the ledge.
"how do they fire it?"
"do they throw it?"
"i will soon tell you," he replied, reaching for a rifle.
"do not go out yet," she entreated him.
"they cannot harm us.
perhapswe may learn more by keeping quiet.
they will not continue shootingthese things all day."
again a tiny arrow traveled towards them in a graceful parabola.
thisone fell short.
missing the tarpaulin, it almost dropped on the girl'soutstretched hand.
she picked it up.
the fish-bone point had snapped bycontact with the floor of the ledge.
she sought for and found the small tip.
"see," she said.
"it seems to have been dipped in something.
it isquite discolored."
jenks frowned peculiarly.
a startling explanation had suggested itselfto him.
fragments of forgotten lore were taking cohesion in his mind.
"put it down.
iris obeyed him, with wonder in her eyes.
he spilled a teasponful ofchampagne into a small hollow of the rock and steeped one of thefish-bones in the liquid.
within a few seconds the champagne assumed agreenish tinge and the bone became white.
then he knew.
he exclaimed, "these are poisoned arrows shot through ablowpipe.
i have never before seen one, but i have often read aboutthem.
the bamboos the dyaks carried were sumpitans.
these fish-boneshave been steeped in the juice of the upas tree.
iris, my dear girl, ifone of them had so much as scratched your finger nothing on earth couldsave you."
she paled and drew back in sudden horror.
this tiny thing had taken thesemblance of a snake.
a vicious cobra cast at her feet would be lessalarming, for the reptile could be killed, whilst his venomous fangswould only be used in self-defence.
another tap sounded on their thrice-welcome covering.
evidently thedyaks would persist in their efforts to get one of those poisoned dartshome.
jenks debated silently whether it would be better to create acommotion, thus inducing the savages to believe they had succeeded ininflicting a mortal wound, or to wait until the next arrow fell, rushout, and try conclusions with dum-dum bullets against the sumpitanblowers.
he decided in favor of the latter course.
he wished to dishearten hisassailants, to cram down their throats the belief that he wasinvulnerable, and could visit their every effort with a deadlyreprisal.
iris, of course, protested when he explained his project.
but thefighting spirit prevailed.
their love idyll must yield to the needs ofthe hour.
he had not long to wait.
the last arrow fell, and he sprang to theextreme right of the ledge.
first he looked through that invaluablescreen of grass.
three dyaks were on the ground, and a fourth in thefork of a tree.
they were each armed with a blowpipe.
he in the treewas just fitting an arrow into the bamboo tube.
the others werewatching him.
jenks raised his rifle, fired, and the warrior in the tree pitchedheadlong to the ground.
a second shot stretched a companion on top ofhim.
one man jumped into the bushes and got away, but the fourthtripped over his unwieldy sumpitan and a bullet tore a large sectionfrom his skull.
the sailor then amused himself with breaking thebamboos by firing at them.
he came back to the white-faced girl.
"i fancy that further practice with blowpipes will be at a discount onrainbow island," he cried cheerfully.
but iris was anxious and distrait.
"it is very sad," she said, "that we are obliged to secure our ownsafety by the ceaseless slaughter of human beings.
is there no offer wecan make them, no promise of future gain, to tempt them to abandonhostilities?"
these borneo dyaks are bred from infancy to prey ontheir fellow-creatures.
to be strangers and defenceless is to courtpillage and massacre at their hands.
i think no more of shooting themthan of smashing a clay pigeon.
killing a mad dog is perhaps a bettersimile."
"but, robert dear, how long can we hold out?"
are you growing tired of me already?"
he hoped to divert her thoughts from this constantly recurring topic.
twice within the hour had it been broached and dismissed, but iriswould not permit him to shirk it again.
she made no reply, simplyregarding him with a wistful smile.
so jenks sat down by her side, and rehearsed the hopes and fears whichperplexed him.
he determined that there should be no furtherconcealment between them.
if they failed to secure water that night, ifthe dyaks maintained a strict siege of the rock throughout the whole ofnext day, well--they might survive--it was problematical.
best leavematters in god's hands.
with feminine persistency she clung to the subject, detecting hisunwillingness to discuss a possible final stage in their sufferings.
she whispered fearfully, "you will never let me fall into thepower of the chief, will you?"
"not whilst i live."
"you _must_ live.
don't you understand?
i would go with them tosave you.
but i would have died--by my own hand.
robert, my love, youmust do this thing before the end.
i must be the first to die."
he hung his head in a paroxysm of silent despair.
her words rung like atocsin of the bright romance conjured up by the avowal of their love.
it seemed to him, in that instant, they had no separate existence asdistinguished from the great stream of human life--the turbulent riverthat flowed unceasingly from an eternity of the past to an eternity ofthe future.
for a day, a year, a decade, two frail bubbles danced onthe surface and raced joyously together in the sunshine; then they werebroken--did it matter how, by savage sword or lingering ailment?
theyvanished--absorbed again by the rushing waters--and other bubbles rosein precarious iridescence.
it was a fatalist view of life, a dim andobscurantist groping after truth induced by the overpowering nature ofpresent difficulties.
the famous tentmaker of naishapur blindly soughtthe unending purpose when he wrote:--  "up from earth's centre through the seventh gate  i rose, and on the throne of saturn sate,      and many a knot unravel'd by the road;  but not the master-knot of human fate.
"there was the door to which i found no key;  there was the veil through which i could not see:      some little talk awhile of me and thee  there was--and then no more of thee and me."
the sailor, too, wrestled with the great problem.
he may be pardoned ifhis heart quailed and he groaned aloud.
"iris," he said solemnly, "whatever happens, unless i am struck dead atyour feet, i promise you that we shall pass the boundary hand in hand.
be mine the punishment if we have decided wrongly.
and now," he cried,tossing his head in a defiant access of energy, "let us have done withthe morgue.
for my part i refuse to acknowledge i am inside until thegates clang behind me.
as for you, you cannot help yourself.
you mustdo as i tell you.
i never knew of a case where the question of woman'srights was so promptly settled."
his vitality was infectious.
iris smiled again.
her sensitive highlystrung nerves permitted these sharp alternations between despondencyand hope.
"you must remember," he went on, "that the dyak score is twenty-one tothe bad, whilst our loss stands at love.
dear me, that cannot be right.
love is surely not a loss."
"a cynic might describe it as a negative gain."
"oh, a cynic is no authority.
he knows nothing whatever about thesubject."
"my father used to say, when he was in parliament, that people who knewleast oft-times spoke best.
some men get overweighted with facts."
they chatted in lighter vein with such pendulum swing back tononchalance that none would have deemed it possible for these two tohave already determined the momentous issue of the pending struggleshould it go against them.
there is, glory be, in the anglo-saxon racethe splendid faculty of meeting death with calm defiance, almost withcontempt.
moments of panic, agonizing memories of bygone days, visionsof dear faces never to be seen again, may temporarily dethrone thisproud fortitude.
but the tremors pass, the gibbering specters of fearand lamentation are thrust aside, and the sons and daughters of greatbritain answer the last roll-call with undaunted heroism.
they know howto die.
and so the sun sank to rest in the sea, and the star, pierced thedeepening blue of the celestial arch, whilst the man and the womanawaited patiently the verdict of the fates.
before the light failed, jenks gathered all the poisoned arrows andground their vemoned points to powder beneath his heel.
gladly wouldiris and he have dispensed with the friendly protection of thetarpaulin when the cool evening breeze came from the south.
but such athing might not be even considered.
several hours of darkness mustelapse before the moon rose, and during that period, were their foes sominded, they would be absolutely at the mercy of the sumpitan shafts ifnot covered by their impenetrable buckler.
the sailor looked long and earnestly at the well.
their own bucket,improvised out of a dish-cover and a rope, lay close to the brink.
astealthy crawl across the sandy valley, half a minute of grave danger,and he would be up the ladder again with enough water to serve theirimperative needs for days to come.
there was little or no risk in descending the rock.
soon after sunsetit was wrapped in deepest gloom, for night succeeds day in the tropicswith wondrous speed.
the hazard lay in twice crossing the white sand,were any of the dyaks hiding behind the house or among the trees.
he held no foolhardy view of his own powers.
the one-sided nature ofthe conflict thus far was due solely to his possession of lee-metfordsas opposed to muzzle-loaders.
let him be surrounded on the level atclose quarters by a dozen determined men and he must surely succumb.
were it not for the presence of iris he would have given no secondthought to the peril.
it was just one of those undertakings which asoldier jumps at.
"here goes for the v.c.
or kingdom come!"
is thepithy philosophy of thomas atkins under such circumstances.
now, there was no v.c., but there was iris.
to act without consulting her was impossible, so they discussed theproject.
naturally she scouted it.
"the mahommedan may be able to help us," she pointed out.
"in any eventlet us wait until the moon wanes.
that is the darkest hour.
we do notknow what may happen meanwhile."
the words had hardly left her mouth when an irregular volley was firedat them from the right flank of the enemy's position.
every bulletstruck yards above their heads, the common failing of musketry at nightbeing to take too high an aim.
but the impact of the missiles on a rockso highly impregnated with minerals caused sparks to fly, and jenks sawthat the dyaks would obtain by this means a most dangerous index oftheir faulty practice.
telling iris to at once occupy her safe corner,he rapidly adjusted a rifle on the wooden rests already prepared inanticipation of an attack from that quarter, and fired three shots atthe opposing crest, whence came the majority of gun-flashes.
one, at least, of the three found a human billet.
there was a shout ofsurprise and pain, and the next volley spurted from the ground level.
this could do no damage owing to the angle, but he endeavored todisconcert the marksmen by keeping up a steady fire in their direction.
he did not dream of attaining other than a moral effect, as there is alot of room to miss when aiming in the dark.
soon he imagined that theburst of flame from his rifle helped the dyaks, because several bulletswhizzed close to his head, and about this time firing recommenced fromthe crest.
notwithstanding all his skill and manipulation of the wooden supports,he failed to dislodge the occupants.
every minute one or more ounces oflead pitched right into the ledge, damaging the stores and tearing thetarpaulin, whilst those which struck the wall of rock were dangerous toiris by reason of the molten spray.
he could guess what had happened.
by lying flat on the sloping plateau,or squeezing close to the projecting shoulder of the cliff, the dyakswere so little exposed that idle chance alone would enable him to hitone of them.
but they must be shifted, or this night bombardment wouldprove the most serious development yet encountered.
"are you all right, iris?"
he called out.
"yes, dear," she answered.
"well, i want you to keep yourself covered by the canvas for a littlewhile--especially your head and shoulders.
i am going to stop thesechaps.
they have found our weak point, but i can baffle them."
she did not ask what he proposed to do.
he heard the rustling of thetarpaulin as she pulled it.
instantly he cast loose the rope-ladder,and, armed only with a revolver, dropped down the rock.
he was quiteinvisible to the enemy.
on reaching the ground he listened for amoment.
there was no sound save the occasional reports ninety yardsaway.
he hitched up the lower rungs of the ladder until they were sixfeet from the level, and then crept noiselessly, close to the rock, forsome forty yards.
he halted beside a small poon-tree, and stooped to find somethingembedded near its roots.
at this distance he could plainly hear themuttered conversation of the dyaks, and could see several of them proneon the sand.
the latter fact proved how fatal would be an attempt onhis part to reach the well.
they must discover him instantly once hequitted the somber shadows of the cliff.
he waited, perhaps a fewseconds longer than was necessary, endeavoring to pierce the dimatmosphere and learn something of their disposition.
a vigorous outburst of firing sent him back with haste.
iris was upthere alone.
he knew not what might happen.
he was now feverishlyanxious to be with her again, to hear her voice, and be sure that allwas well.
to his horror he found the ladder swaying gently against the rock.
someone was using it.
he sprang forward, careless of consequence, andseized the swinging end which had fallen free again.
he had his foot onthe bottom rung when iris's voice, close at hand and shrill withterror, shrieked--"robert, where are you?"
he shouted; the next instant she dropped into his arms.
a startled exclamation from the vicinity of the house, and some loudcries from the more distant dyaks on the other side of prospect park,showed that they had been overheard.
"hold tight, and go as quickly as you can."
"not without you!"
"up, for god's sake!
i follow at your heels."
she began to climb.
he took some article from between his teeth, astring apparently, and drew it towards him, mounting the ladder at thesame time.
the end tightened.
he was then about ten feet from theground.
two dyaks, yelling fiercely, rushed from the cover of thehouse.
"go on," he said to iris.
"don't lose your nerve whatever happens.
i amclose behind you."
"i am quite safe," she gasped.
turning, and clinging on with one hand, he drew his revolver and firedat the pair beneath, who could now faintly discern them, and werealmost within reach of the ladder.
the shooting made them halt.
he didnot know or care if they were hit.
to frighten them was sufficient.
several others were running across the sands to the cave, attracted bythe noise and the cries of the foremost pursuers.
then he gave a steady pull to the cord.
the sharp crack of a rifle camefrom the vicinity of the old quarry.
he saw the flash among the trees.
almost simultaneously a bright light leapt from the opposite ledge,illumining the vicinity like a meteor.
it lit up the rock, showed irisjust vanishing into the safety of the ledge, and revealed jenks and thedyaks to each other.
there followed instantly a tremendous explosionthat shook earth and air, dislodging every loose stone in thesouth-west pile of rocks, hurling from the plateau some of itsoccupants, and wounding the remainder with a shower of lead and débris.
the island birds, long since driven to the remote trees, clamored inraucous peal, and from the dyaks came yells of fright or anguish.
the sailor, unmolested further, reached the ledge to find irisprostrate where she had fallen, dead or unconscious, he knew not which.
he felt his face become grey in the darkness.
with a fierce tug hehauled the ladder well away from the ground and sank to his kneesbeside her.
he took her into his arms.
there was no light.
he could not see hereyes or lips.
her slight breathing seemed to indicate a fainting fit,but there was no water, nor was it possible to adopt any of theordinary expedients suited to such a seizure.
he could only wait in adreadful silence--wait, clasping her to his breast--and dumbly wonderwhat other loss he could suffer ere the final release came.
at last she sighed deeply.
a strong tremor of returning life stirredher frame.
he murmured, and bowed his head.
were the sun shining hecould not see her now, for his eyes were blurred.
"are you safe?"
my loved one!
think of yourself!
what has happened to you?"
"i fainted--i think.
i have no hurt.
i missed you!
something told meyou had gone.
i went to help you, or die with you.
and then that noise!
and the light!
what did you do?"
he silenced her questioning with a passionate kiss.
he carried her to alittle nook and fumbled among the stores until he found a bottle ofbrandy.
she drank some.
under its revivifying influence she was soonable to listen to the explanation he offered--after securing theladder.
in a tall tree near the valley of death he had tightly fixed a loadedrifle which pointed at a loose stone in the rock overhanging the ledgeheld by the dyaks.
this stone rested against a number of percussioncaps extracted from cartridges, and these were in direct communicationwith a train of powder leading to a blasting charge placed at the endof a twenty-four inch hole drilled with a crowbar.
the impact of thebullet against the stone could not fail to explode some of the caps.
hehad used the contents of three hundred cartridges to secure asufficiency of powder, and the bullets were all crammed into theorifice, being tamped with clay and wet sand.
the rifle was fired bymeans of the string, the loose coils of which were secreted at the footof the poon.
by springing this novel mine he had effectually removedevery dyak from the ledge, over which its contents would spread like afan.
further, it would probably deter the survivors from againventuring near that fatal spot.
iris listened, only half comprehending.
her mind was filled with onethought to the exclusion of all others.
robert had left her, had donethis thing without telling her.
she forgave him, knowing he acted forthe best, but he must never, never deceive her again in such a manner.
she could not bear it.
what better excuse could man desire for caressing her, yea, evensqueezing her, until the sobs ceased and she protested with a weaklittle laugh----"robert, i haven't got much breath--after that excitement--butplease--leave me--the remains!"
"you are a dear unreasonable little girl," he said.
"have you breathenough to tell me why you came down the ladder?"
"when i discovered you were gone, i became wild with fright.
don't yousee, i imagined you were wounded and had fallen from the ledge.
whatelse could i do but follow, either to help you, or, if that were notpossible--"he found her hand and pressed it to his lips.
"i humbly crave your pardon," he said.
"that explanation is more thanample.
it was i who behaved unreasonably.
of course i should havewarned you.
yet, sweetheart, i ran no risk.
the real danger passed aweek ago."
"how can that be?"
"i might have been blown to pieces whilst adjusting the heavy stone infront of the caps.
i assure you i was glad to leave the place that daywith a whole skin.
if the stone had wobbled, or slipped, well--it was acase of determined _felo-de-se_."
"may i ask how many more wild adventures you undertook without myknowledge?"
"one other, of great magnitude.
i fell in love with you."
"i knew that long before you admitted it toyourself."
"well, to begin at the very beginning, you thought i was nice on boardthe _sirdar_.
now, didn't you?"
and they were safely embarked on a conversation of no interest to anyother person in the wide world, but which provided them with the mostdelightful topic imaginable.
thus the time sped until the rising moon silhouetted the cliff on thewhite carpet of coral-strewn sand.
the black shadow-line traveledslowly closer to the base of the cliff, and jenks, guided also by thestars, told iris that midnight was at hand.
they knelt on the parapet of the ledge, alert to catch any unusualsound, and watching for any indication of human movement.
but rainbowisland was now still as the grave.
the wounded dyaks had seemingly beenremoved from hut and beach; the dead lay where they had fallen.
the seasang a lullaby to the reef, and the fresh breeze whispered among thepalm fronds--that was all.
"perhaps they have gone!"
the sailor put his arm round her neck and gently pressed her lipstogether.
anything would serve as an excuse for that sort of thing, buthe really did want absolute silence at that moment.
if the mussulmankept his compact, the hour was at hand.
an unlooked-for intruder disturbed the quietude of the scene.
their oldacquaintance, the singing beetle, chortled his loud way across thepark.
iris was dying--as women say--to remind jenks of their firstmeeting with that blatant insect, but further talk was impossible;there was too much at stake--water they must have.
then the light hiss of a snake rose to them from the depths.
that is asound never forgotten when once heard.
it is like unto no other.
indeed, the term "hiss" is a misnomer for the quick sibilant expulsionof the breath by an alarmed or angered serpent.
iris paid no heed to it, but jenks, who knew there was not a reptile ofthe snake variety on the island, leaned over the ledge and emitted atolerably good imitation.
the native was beneath.
probably the flightof the beetle had helped his noiseless approach.
the girl started at the unexpected call from the depths.
"yes," said jenks quietly.
"a rope, sahib."
the sailor lowered a rope.
something was tied to it beneath.
themahommedan apparently had little fear of being detected.
"usually it is the sahib who says 'pull,' but circumstances altercases," communed jenks.
he hauled steadily at a heavy weight--agoatskin filled with cold water.
he emptied the hot and sour wine outof the tin cup, and was about to hand the thrice-welcome draught toiris when a suspicious thought caused him to withhold it.
"let me taste first," he said.
the indian might have betrayed them to the dyaks.
more unlikely thingshad happened.
what if the water were poisoned or drugged?
he placed the tin to his lips.
the liquid was musty, having been in theskin nearly two days.
otherwise it seemed to be all right.
with a sighof profound relief he gave iris the cup, and smiled at the mostunladylike haste with which she emptied it.
"drink yourself, and give me some more," she said.
"no more for you at present, madam.
in a few minutes, yes."
"oh, why not now?"
"do not fret, dear one.
you can have all you want in a little while.
but to drink much now would make you very ill."iris waited until he could speak again.
"why did you----" she began.
but he bent over the parapet--"_koi hai_!
"[footnote: equivalent to "hello, there!"]
"you have not been followed?"
"i think not, sahib.
do not talk too loud; they are foxes in cunning.
you have a ladder, they say, sahib.
will not your honor descend?
i havemuch to relate."
iris made no protest when jenks explained the man's request.
she onlystipulated that he should not leave the ladder, whilst she would remainwithin easy earshot.
the sailor, of course, carried his revolver.
healso picked up a crowbar, a most useful and silent weapon.
then he wentquietly downwards.
nearing the ground, he saw the native, who salaameddeeply and was unarmed.
the poor fellow seemed to be very anxious tohelp them.
"what is your name?"
demanded the sailor.
"mir jan, sahib, formerly _naik_[footnote: corporal.]
in thekumaon rissala."
"when did you leave the regiment?"
"two years ago, sahib.
i killed--""what was the name of your colonel?"
"kurnal i-shpence-sahib, a brave man, but of no account on a horse."
jenks well remembered colonel spence--a fat, short-legged warrior, whorolled off his charger if the animal so much as looked sideways.
mirjan was telling the truth.
"you are right, mir jan. what is taung s'ali doing now?"
"cursing, sahib, for the most part.
his men are frightened.
he wantedthem to try once more with the tubes that shoot poison, but theyrefused.
he could not come alone, for he could not use his right hand,and he was wounded by the blowing up of the rock.
you nearly killed me,too, sahib.
i was there with the bazaar-born whelps.
by the prophet'sbeard, it was a fine stroke."
"are they going away, then?"
the dogs have been whipped so sore that they snarl forrevenge.
they say there is no use in firing at you, but they areresolved to kill you and the miss-sahib, or carry her off if sheescapes the assault."
"protector of the poor, they are building scaling-ladders--four in all.
soon after dawn they intend to rush your position.
you may slay some,they say, but you cannot slay three score.
taung s'ali has promised agold _tauk_[footnote: a native ornament.]
to every man whosurvives if they succeed.
they have pulled down your signal on the highrocks and are using the poles for the ladders.
they think you have a_jadu_[footnote: a charm.]
sahib, and they want to use your ownwork against you."
this was serious news.
a combined attack might indeed be dangerous,though it had the excellent feature that if it failed the dyaks wouldcertainly leave the island.
but his sky-sign destroyed!
that was bad.
had a vessel chanced to pass, the swinging letters would surely haveattracted attention.
now, even that faint hope was dispelled.
"sahib, there is a worse thing to tell," said mir jan."say on, then."
"before they place the ladders against the cliff they will build a fireof green wood so that the smoke will be blown by the wind into youreyes.
this will help to blind your aim.
otherwise, you never miss."
"that will assuredly be awkward, mir jan.""it will, sahib.
soul of my father, if we had but half a troop withus----"but they had not, and they were both so intent on the conversation thatthey were momentarily off their guard.
iris was more watchful.
shefancied there was a light rustling amidst the undergrowth beneath thetrees on the right.
and she could hiss too, if that were the correctthing to do.
so she hissed.
jenks swarmed half way up the ladder.
"i am not sure, but i imagine something moved among the bushes behindthe house."
"all right, dear.
i will keep a sharp look-out.
can you hear ustalking?"
will you be long?"
he descended and told mir jan what the miss-sahib said.
the native wasabout to make a search when jenks stopped him.
"here,"--he handed the man his revolver--"i suppose you can use this?"
mir jan took it without a word, and jenks felt that the incident atonedfor previous unworthy doubts of his dark friend's honesty.
themahommedan cautiously examined the back of the house, the neighboringshrubs, and the open beach.
after a brief absence he reported all safe,yet no man has ever been nearer death and escaped it than he duringthat reconnaissance.
he, too, forgot that the dyaks were foxes, andfoxes can lie close when hounds are a trifle stale.
mir jan returned the revolver.
"sahib," he said with another salaam, "i am a disgraced man, but if youwill take me up there with you, i will fight by your side until both myarms are hacked off.
i am weary of these thieves.
ill chance threw meinto their company: i will have no more of them.
if you will not haveme on the rock, give me a gun.
i will hide among the trees, and ipromise that some of them shall die to-night before they find me.
forthe honor of the regiment, sahib, do not refuse this thing.
all i askis, if your honor escapes, that you will write to kurnali-shpence-sahib, and tell him the last act of mir jan, _naik_ in btroop."
there was an intense pathos in the man's words.
he made thisself-sacrificing offer with an utter absence of any motive save the oldtradition of duty to the colors.
here was anstruther-sahib, of thebelgaum rissala, in dire peril.
very well, then, corporal mir jan, lateof the 19th bengal lancers, must dare all to save him.
jenks was profoundly moved.
he reflected how best to utilize theservices of this willing volunteer without exposing him to certaindeath in the manner suggested.
the native misinterpreted his silence.
"i am not a _budmash_,[footnote: rascal.]
sahib," he exclaimedproudly.
"i only killed a man because--""listen, mir jan. you cannot well mend what you have said.
the dyaks,you are sure, will not come before morning?"
"they have carried the wounded to the boats and are making the ladders.
such was their talk when i left them."
"will they not miss you?"
"they will miss the _mussak_,[footnote: goatskin.]
it wasthe last full one."
"mir jan, do as i bid, and you shall see delhi again, have you everused a lee-metford?"
"i have seen them, sahib; but i better understand the mahtini."
"i will give you a rifle, with plenty of ammunition, do you go insidethe cave, there, and----"mir jan was startled.
"where the ghost is, sahib?"
that is a tale for children.
there is no ghost, only a fewbones of a man murdered by these scoundrels long ago.
have you anyfood?"
"some rice, sahib; sufficient for a day, or two at a pinch."
we will get water from the well.
when the fighting begins atdawn, fire at every man you see from the back of the cave.
on noaccount come out.
then they can never reach you if you keep a fullmagazine.
"i thought you were never coming," protested iris when jenks reachedthe ledge.
"i have been quite creepy.
i am sure there is some one downthere.
and, please, may i have another drink?"
the sailor had left the crowbar beneath.
he secured a rifle, a spareclip, and a dozen packets of cartridges, meanwhile briefly explainingto iris the turn taken by events so far as mir jan was concerned.
shewas naturally delighted, and forgot her fears in the excitement causedby the appearance of so useful an ally.
she drank his health in abrimming beaker of water.
she heard her lover rejoin mir jan, and saw the two step out into themoonlight, whilst jenks explained the action of the lee-metford.
fortunately iris was now much recovered from the fatigue and privationof the earlier hours.
her senses were sharpened to a pitch littledreamed of by stay-at-home young ladies of her age, and she deemed ither province to act as sentry whilst the two men conferred.
hence, shewas the first to detect, or rather to become conscious of, the stealthycrawl of several dyaks along the bottom of the cliff from turtle beach.
they advanced in indian file, moving with the utmost care, andcrouching in the murky shadows like so many wild beasts stalking theirprey.
on your left!"
but iris was rapidly gaining some knowledge of strategy.
before sheshrieked her warning she grasped a rifle.
holding it at the"ready"--about the level of her waist--and depressing the muzzlesufficiently, she began firing down the side of the rock as fast as shecould handle lever and trigger.
two of the nickel bullets struck aprojection and splashed the leading savages with molten metal.
unfortunately the lee-metford beneath was unloaded, being in mir jan'spossession for purposes of instruction.
jenks whipped out his revolver.
"to the cave!"
he roared, and mir jan's unwillingness to face a goblincould not withstand the combined impetus of the sahib's order and theonward rush of the enemy.
he darted headlong for the entrance.
[illustration: iris began firing down the side of the rock as fast asshe could handle lever and trigger.]
jenks, shooting blindly as he, too, ran for the ladder, emptied therevolver just as his left hand clutched a rung.
three dyaks were soclose that it would be folly to attempt to climb.
he threw the weaponinto the face of the foremost man, effectually stopping his onwardprogress, for the darkness made it impossible to dodge the missile.
the sailor turned to dive into the cave and secure the rifle from mirjan, when his shin caught the heavy crowbar resting against the rock.
the pain of the blow lent emphasis to the swing with which theimplement descended upon some portion of a dyak anatomy.
jenks neverknew where he hit the second assailant, but the place cracked like aneggshell.
he had not time to recover the bar for another blow, so he gave thepoint in the gullet of a gentleman who was about to make a vicioussweep at him with a parang.
the downfall of this worthy caused hisimmediate successor to stumble, and jenks saw his opportunity.
with theagility of a cat he jumped up the ladder.
once started, he had to goon.
he afterwards confessed to an unpleasant sensation of pins andneedles along his back during that brief acrobatic display; but hereached the ledge without further injury, save an agonizing twinge whenthe unprotected quick of his damaged finger was smartly rapped againstthe rock.
these things happened with the speed of thought.
within forty secondsof iris's shrill cry the sailor was breast high with the ledge andcalling to her--"all right, old girl.
keep it up!"
the cheerful confidence of his words had a wonderful effect on her.
iris, like every good woman, had the maternal instinct strong withinher--the instinct that inspires alike the mild-eyed sister of charityand the tigress fighting for her cubs.
when jenks was down below there,in imminent danger of being cut to pieces, the gentle, lovable girl,who would not willingly hurt the humblest of god's creatures, becameterrible, majestic in her frenzied purpose.
robert must be saved.
if amaxim were planted on the rock she would unhesitatingly have turned thelever and sprayed the dyaks with bullets.
but here he was close to her, unhurt and calmly jubilant, as was hisway when a stiff fight went well.
he was by her side now, firing andaiming too, for the dyaks broke cover recklessly in running forshelter, and one may do fair work by moonlight, as many a hunter ofwild duck can testify by the rheumatism in his bones.
she had strength enough left to place the rifle out of harm's waybefore she broke down and sobbed, not tearfully, but in a paroxysm ofreaction.
soon all was quiet beneath, save for the labored efforts ofsome wounded men to get far away from that accursed rock.
jenks wasable to turn to iris.
he endeavored to allay her agitation, andsucceeded somewhat, for tears came, and she clung to him.
it wasuseless to reproach him.
the whole incident was unforeseen: she washerself a party to it.
but what an escape!
he lifted her in his arms and carried her to a seat where the tarpaulinrested on a broken water-cask.
"you have been a very good little girl and have earned your supper," hesaid.
"oh, how can you talk so callously after such an awful experience?"
the jesuits, say their opponents, teach that at times a "white lie" ispermissible.
surely this was an instance.
"it is a small thing to trouble about, sweetheart," he explained.
"youspotted the enemy so promptly, and blazed away with such ferocity, thatthey never got within yards of me."
"are you sure?"
"i vow and declare that after we have eaten something, and sampled ourremaining bottle of wine, i will tell you exactly what happened."
"why not now?"
"because i must first see to mir jan. i bundled him neck and crop intothe cave.
i hope i did not hurt him."
"you are not going down there again?"
"no need, i trust."
he went to the side of the ledge, recovered the ladder which he hadhastily hauled out of the dyaks' reach after his climb, and cried--"mir jan.""ah, sahib!
praised be the name of the most high, you are alive.
i wassearching among the slain with a sorrowful heart."
the mahommedan's voice came from some little distance on the left.
"the slain, you say.
i fired blindly with the revolver, and only hit one manhard with the iron bar.
one other dropped near the wood after iobtained a rifle."
"then there be six, sahib, not reckoning the wounded.
i have accountedfor one, so the miss-sahib must have--""what is he saying about me?"
inquired iris, who had risen and joinedher lover.
"he says you absolutely staggered the dyaks by opening fire the momentthey appeared."
"how did _you_ come to slay one, mir jan?"
"a son of a black pig followed me into the cave.
i waited for him inthe darkness.
i have just thrown his body outside."
"_shabash!_[footnote: "well done!"]
is taung s'ali dead, by anylucky chance?"
"no, sahib, if he be not the sixth.
i will go and see."
"you may be attacked?"
"i have found a sword, sahib.
you left me no cartridges."
jenks told him that the clip and the twelve packets were lying at thefoot of the rock, where mir jan speedily discovered them.
themahommedan gave satisfactory assurance that he understood the mechanismof the rifle by filling and adjusting the magazine.
then he went toexamine the corpse of the man who lay in the open near the quarry path.
the sailor stood in instant readiness to make a counter demonstrationwere the native assailed.
but there was no sign of the dyaks.
mir janreturned with the news that the sixth victim of the brief yet fierceencounter was a renegade malay.
he was so confident that the enemy hadhad enough of it for the night that, after recovering jenks's revolver,he boldly went to the well and drew himself a supply of water.
during supper, a feast graced by a quart of champagne worthy of thecarlton, jenks told iris so much of the story as was good for her: thatis to say, he cut down the casualty list.
it was easy to see what had happened.
the dyaks, having missed themahommedan and their water-bag, searched for him and heard theconversation at the foot of the rock.
knowing that their presence wassuspected, they went back for reinforcements, and returned by theshorter and more advantageous route along turtle beach.
iris would have talked all night, but jenks made her go to sleep, bypillowing her head against his shoulder and smoothing her tangledtresses with his hand.
the wine, too, was helpful.
in a few minutes hervoice became dreamy: soon she was sleeping like a tired child.
he managed to lay her on a comfortable pile of ragged clothing and thenresumed his vigil.
mir jan offered to mount guard beneath, but jenksbade him go within the cave and remain there, for the dawn would soonbe upon them.
left alone with his thoughts, he wondered what the rising sun wouldbring in its train.
he reviewed the events of the last twenty-fourhours.
iris and he--miss deane, mr. jenks, to each other--were thenundiscovered in their refuge, the dyaks were gathered around a roaringfire in the valley, and mir jan was keen in the hunt as the keenestamong them.
now, iris was his affianced bride, over twenty of the enemywere killed and many wounded, and mir jan, a devoted adherent, wasseated beside the skeleton in the gloom of the cavern.
what a topsy-turvy world it was, to be sure!
what alternations betweendespair and hope!
what rebound from the gates of death to the thresholdof eden!
how untrue, after all, was the nebulous philosophy of omar,the tentmaker.
surely in the happenings of the bygone day there wasmore than the purposeless  "magic shadow-show,      play'd in a box whose candle is the sun,     round which we phantom figures come and go."
he had, indeed, cause to be humbly thankful.
was there not one whomarked the fall of a sparrow, who clothed the lilies, who knew theneeds of his creatures?
there, in the solemn temple of the night, hegave thanks for the protection vouchsafed to iris and himself, andprayed that it might be continued.
he deplored the useless bloodshed,the horror of mangled limbs and festering bodies, that converted thisfair island into a reeking slaughter-house.
were it possible, by anypersonal sacrifice, to divert the untutored savages from their deadlyquest, he would gladly condone their misdeeds and endeavor to assuagethe torments of the wounded.
but he was utterly helpless, a pawn on that tiny chessboard where thegame was being played between civilization and barbarism.
the fightmust go on to the bitter end: he must either vanquish or be vanquished.
there were other threads being woven into the garment of his life atthat moment, but he knew not of them.
sufficient for the day was theevil, and the good thereof.
of both he had received full measure.
a period of such reflection could hardly pass without a speculativedive into the future.
if iris and he were rescued, what would happenwhen they went forth once more into the busy world?
not for one instantdid he doubt her faith.
she was true as steel, knit to him now by bondsof triple brass.
but, what would sir arthur deane think of hisdaughter's marriage to a discredited and cashiered officer?
what was itthat poor mir jan called himself?--"a disgraced man."
yes, that was it.
could that stain be removed?
mir jan was doing it.
why not he?--byother means, for his good name rested on the word of a perjured woman.
wealth was potent, but not all-powerful.
he would ask iris to waituntil he came to her unsoiled by slander, purged of this odium castupon him unmerited.
and all this goes to show that he, a man wise beyond his fellows, hadnot yet learned the unwisdom of striving to lift the veil of tomorrow,behind whose mystic curtain what is to be ever jostles out of placewhat is hoped for.
iris, smiling in her dreams, was assailed by no torturing doubts.
robert loved her--that was enough.
love suffices for a woman; a manasks for honor, reputation, an unblemished record.
to awake her he kissed her; he knew not, perchance it might be theirlast kiss on earth.
not yet dawn, there was morning in the air, for thefirst faint shafts of light were not visible from their eyrie owing toits position.
but there was much to be done.
if the dyaks carried outthe plan described by mir jan, he had a good many preparations to make.
the canvas awning was rolled back and the stores built into a barricadeintended to shelter iris.
"what is that for?"
she asked, when she discovered its nature.
she definitely refused to avail herself of any such protection.
"robert dear," she said, "if the attack comes to our very door, so tospeak, surely i must help you.
even my slight aid may stem a rush inone place whilst you are busy in another."
he explained to her that if hand-to-hand fighting were necessary hewould depend more upon a crowbar than a rifle to sweep the ledge clear.
she might be in the way.
the moment you tell me to get behind that fence i will doso.
even there i can use a revolver."
that reminded him.
his own pistol was unloaded.
he possessed only fivemore cartridges of small caliber.
he placed them in the weapon and gaveit to her.
"now you have eleven men's lives in your hands," he said.
"try not tomiss if you must shoot."
in the dim light he could not see the spasm of pain that clouded herface.
no dyak would reach her whilst he lived.
if he fell, there wasanother use for one of those cartridges.
the sailor had cleared the main floor of the rock and was placing hisfour rifles and other implements within easy reach when a hiss camefrom beneath.
demanded jenks over the side.
"sahib, they come!"
"i am prepared.
let that snake get back to his hole in the rock, lest amongoose seize him by the head."
mir jan, engaged in a scouting expedition on his own account,understood that the officer-sahib's orders must be obeyed.
soon they heard a great crackling among the bushes on the right, butjenks knew even before he looked that the dyaks had correctly estimatedthe extent of his fire zone and would keep out of it.
the first physical intimation of the enemy's design they received was apungent but pleasant smell of burning pine, borne to them by thenortherly breeze and filling the air with its aroma.
the dyaks kindleda huge fire.
the heat was perceptible even on the ledge, but theminutes passed, and the dawn broadened into day without any otherresult being achieved.
iris, a little drawn and pale with suspense, said with a timid giggle--"this does not seem to be so very serious.
it reminds me of my effortsto cook."
"there is more to follow, i fear, dear one.
but the dyaks are fools.
they should have waited until night fell again, after wearing us out byconstant vigilance all day.
if they intend to employ smoke it would befar worse for us at night."
a volume of murky vapor arose that nearly suffocated them by thefirst whiff of its noisome fumes.
it curled like a black pall over theface of the rock and blotted out sea and sky.
they coughed incessantly,and nearly choked, for the dyaks had thrown wet seaweed on top of theburning pile of dry wood.
mir jan, born in interior india, knew littleabout the sea or its products, and when the savages talked of seaweedhe thought they meant green wood.
fortunately for him, the ascendingclouds of smoke missed the cave, or infallibly he must have beenstifled.
"lie flat on the rock!"
careless of waste, he pouredwater over a coat and made iris bury her mouth and nose in the wetcloth.
this gave her immediate relief, and she showed her woman's witby tying the sleeves of the garment behind her neck.
jenks noddedcomprehension and followed her example, for by this means their handswere left free.
the black cloud grew more dense each few seconds.
nevertheless, owingto the slope of the ledge, and the tendency of the smoke to rise, thesouth side was far more tenable than the north.
quick to note thisfavorable circumstance, the sailor deduced a further fact from it.
abarrier erected on the extreme right of the ledge would be a materialgain.
he sprang up, dragged the huge tarpaulin from its formerlocation, and propped it on the handle of the pickaxe, driven by onemighty stroke deep into a crevice of the rock.
it was no mean feat of strength that he performed.
he swung the heavyand cumbrous canvas into position as if it were a dust cloth.
heemerged from the gloom of the driven cloud red-eyed but triumphant.
instantly the vapor on the ledge lessened, and they could breathe, eventalk.
overhead and in front the smoke swept in ever-increasing density,but once again the sailor had outwitted the dyaks' manoeuvres.
"we have won the first rubber," he whispered to iris.
above, beneath, beyond, they could see nothing.
the air they breathedwas hot and foetid.
it was like being immured in a foul tunnel andalmost as dark.
jenks looked over the parapet.
he thought he coulddistinguish some vague figures on the sands, so he fired at them.
avolley of answering bullets crashed into the rock on all sides.
thedyaks had laid their plans well this time.
a firing squad stationedbeyond the smoke area, and supplied with all the available guns,commenced and kept up a smart fusillade in the direction of the ledgein order to cover the operations of the scaling party.
jenks realized that to expose himself was to court a serious wound andachieve no useful purpose.
he fell back out of range, laid down hisrifle and grabbed the crowbar.
at brief intervals a deep hollow boomcame up from the valley.
at first it puzzled them until the sailor hitupon an explanation.
mir jan was busy.
the end of a strong roughly made ladder swung through the smoke andbanged against the ledge.
before jenks could reach it those hoisting itinto position hastily retreated.
they were standing in front of thecave and the mahommedan made play on them with a lee-metford at thirtyfeet.
jenks, using his crowbar as a lever, toppled the ladder clean over.
itfell outwards and disconcerted a section of the musketeers.
"well done," cried iris.
the sailor, astounded by her tone, gave her a fleeting glance.
she wasvery pale now, but not with fear.
her eyes were slightly contracted,her nostrils quivering, her lips set tight and her chin dimpled.
shehad gone back thirty generations in as many seconds.
thus might one ofthe daughters of boadicea have looked whilst guiding her mother'schariot against the roman phalanx.
resting on one knee, with a revolverin each hand, she seemed no puling mate for the gallant man who foughtfor her.
she caught his look.
"we will beat them yet!"
she cried again, and she smiled, not as awoman smiles, but with the joy of a warrior when the fray is toward.
there was no time for further speech.
three ladders were reared againstthe rock.
they were so poised and held below that jenks could not forcethem backwards.
a fourth appeared, its coarse shafts looming into sightlike the horns of some gigantic animal.
the four covered practicallythe whole front of the ledge save where mir jan cleared a little spaceon the level.
the sailor was standing now, with the crowbar clenched in both hands.
the firing in the valley slackened and died away.
a dyak face, grinninglike a japanese demon, appeared at the top of the ladder nearest toiris.
shouted jenks, and the iron bar crushed downwards.
twoothers pitched themselves half on to the ledge.
now both crowbar andrevolver were needed.
three ladders were thus cumbered somewhat forthose beneath, and jenks sprang towards the fourth and most distant.
men were crowding it like ants.
close to his feet lay an emptywater-cask.
it was a crude weapon, but effective when well pitched, andthe sailor had never made a better shot for a goal in the midst of ahard-fought scrimmage than he made with that tub for the head of theuppermost pirate.
another volley came from the sands.
a bullet ploughed through his hair,and sent his sou'wester flying.
again the besiegers swarmed to theattack.
one way or the other, they must succeed.
a man and awoman--even such a man and such a woman--could not keep at bay aninfuriated horde of fifty savages fighting at close quarters and underthese grievous conditions.
jenks knew what would happen.
he would be shot in the head or breastwhilst repelling the scaling party.
she wasthinking of him.
they can never gain the ledge!"
and then, above the din of the fusillade, the yells of the assailantsand the bawling of the wounded, there came through the air a screaming,tearing, ripping sound which drowned all others.
it traveled withincredible speed, and before the sailor could believe his ears--for hewell knew what it meant--a shrapnel shell burst in front of the ledgeand drenched the valley with flying lead.
jenks was just able to drag iris flat against the rock ere the timefuse operated and the bullets flew.
he could form no theory, hazard noconjecture.
all he knew was that a 12-pounder shell had flown towardsthem through space, scattering red ruin among the amazed scoundrelsbeneath.
instantly he rose again, lest perchance any of the dyaksshould have gained a foothold on the ledge.
the ladders were empty.
he could hear a good deal of groaning, thefootsteps of running men, and some distant shouting.
yelled mir jan, drawn from his retreat by the commotionwithout.
"yes," shouted jenks.
the native, in a voice cracked with excitement, told him something.
thesailor asked a few rapid questions to make quite sure that mir jan wasnot mistaken.
then he threw his arms round iris, drew her close and whispered--"my darling, we are saved!
a warship has anchored just beyond the southreef, and two boats filled with armed sailors are now pulling ashore."
and she answered proudly--"the dyaks could never have conquered us, robert.
we were manifestlyunder god's protection.
oh, my love, my love, i am so happy andthankful!"
the drifting smoke was still so dense that not even the floor of thevalley could be discerned.
jenks dared not leave iris at such a moment.
he feared to bring her down the ladder lest another shell might befired.
but something must be done to end their suspense.
he called to mir jan--"take off your turban and hold it above your head, if you think theycan see you from the warship."
"it is all right, sahib," came the cheering answer.
"one boat is closeinshore.
i think, from the uniforms, they are english sahibs, such as ihave seen at garden reach.
the dyaks have all gone."
nevertheless jenks waited.
there was nothing to gain by being tooprecipitate.
a false step now might undo the achievements of manyweeks.
mir jan was dancing about beneath in a state of wild excitement.
"they have seen the dyaks running to their sampans, sahib," he yelled,"and the second boat is being pulled in that direction.
yet another hasjust left the ship."
a translation made iris excited, eager to go down and see thesewonders.
"better wait here, dearest," he said.
"the enemy may be driven back inthis direction, and i cannot expose you to further risk.
the sailorswill soon land, and you can then descend in perfect safety."
the boom of a cannon came from the sea.
instinctively the girl duckedfor safety, though her companion smiled at her fears, for the shellwould have long preceded the report, had it traveled their way.
"one of the remaining sampans has got under way," he explained, "andthe warship is firing at her."
two more guns were fired.
the man-o'-war evidently meant business.
"cannot the survivors be allowed toescape?"
"well, we are unable to interfere.
those caught on the island willprobably be taken to the mainland and hanged for their crimes, so themanner of their end is not of much consequence."
to the girl's manifest relief there was no more firing, and mir janannounced that a number of sailors were actually on shore.
then herthoughts turned to a matter of concern to the feminine mind even in thegravest moments of existence.
she laved her face with water and soughther discarded skirt!
soon the steady tramp of boot-clad feet advancing at the double washeard on the shingle, and an officer's voice, speaking the crudehindustani of the engine-room and forecastle, shouted to mir jan--"hi, you black fellow!
are there any white people here?"
jenks sang out--"yes, two of us!
perched on the rock over your heads.
we are comingdown."
he cast loose the rope-ladder.
iris was limp and trembling.
"steady, sweetheart," he whispered.
"don't forget the slip between thecup and the lip.
but have no fear!
i will be just beneath."
it was well he took this precaution.
she was now so unnerved that anunguarded movement might have led to an accident.
but the knowledgethat her lover was near, the touch of his hand guiding her feet on tothe rungs of the ladder, sustained her.
they had almost reached thelevel when a loud exclamation and the crash of a heavy blow causedjenks to halt and look downwards.
a dyak, lying at the foot of one of the scaling ladders, and severelywounded by a shell splinter, witnessed their descent.
in his left handhe grasped a parang; his right arm was bandaged.
though unable to rise,the vengeful pirate mustered his remaining strength to crawl towardsthe swaying ladder.
it was taung s'ali, inspired with the hate andvenom of the dying snake.
even yet he hoped to deal a mortal stroke atthe man who had defied him and all his cut-throat band.
he might havesucceeded, as jenks was so taken up with iris, were it not for thewatchful eyes of mir jan. the mahommedan sprang at him with an oath,and gave him such a murderous whack with the butt of a rifle that thedyak chief collapsed and breathed out his fierce spirit in a groan.
at the first glance jenks did not recognize taung s'ali, owing to hischange of costume.
through the thinner smoke he could see severalsailors running up.
"look out, there!"
"there is a lady here.
if any dyak moves,knock him on the head!"
but, with the passing of the chief, their last peril had gone.
the nextinstant they were standing on the firm ground, and a british navallieutenant was saying eagerly--"we seem to have turned up in the nick of time.
do you, by any chance,belong to the _sirdar_?"
"we are the sole survivors," answered the sailor.
"you two only?"
she struck on the north-west reef of this island during atyphoon.
this lady, miss iris deane, and i were flung ashore--""miss deane!
can it be possible?
let me congratulate you most heartily.
sir arthur deane is on board the _orient_ at this moment."
iris was dazed.
the uniforms, the pleasant faces of the englishsailors, the strange sensation of hearing familiar words in tones otherthan those of the man she loved, bewildered her.
"yes," explained the officer, with a sympathetic smile.
"that's ourship, you know, in the offing there."
it was all too wonderful to be quite understood yet.
she turned torobert--"do you hear?
they say my father is not far away.
take me to him."
[illustration: "we are the sole survivors," answered the sailor.]
"no need for that, miss," interrupted a warrant officer.
"here he iscoming ashore.
he wanted to come with us, but the captain would notpermit it, as there seemed to be some trouble ahead."
sure enough, even the girl's swimming eyes could distinguish thegrey-bearded civilian seated beside an officer in the stern-sheets of asmall gig now threading a path through the broken reef beyond turtlebeach.
in five minutes, father and daughter would meet.
meanwhile the officer, intent on duty, addressed jenks again.
"may i ask who you are?"
"my name is anstruther--robert anstruther."
iris, clinging to his arm, heard the reply.
so he had abandoned all pretence.
he was ready to face the world at herside.
she stole a loving glance at him as she cried--"yes, captain anstruther, of the indian staff corps.
if he will nottell you all that he has done, how he has saved my life twenty times,how he has fought single-handed against eighty men, ask me!"
the naval officer did not need to look a second time at iris's face tolengthen the list of captain anstruther's achievements, by one moreitem.
a good sailor always does sigh when a particularlypretty girl is labeled "engaged."
but he could be very polite.
"captain anstruther does not appear to have left much for us to do,miss deane," he said.
"indeed," turning to robert, "is there any way inwhich my men will be useful?"
"i would recommend that they drag the green stuff off that fire andstop the smoke.
then, a detachment should go round the north side ofthe island and drive the remaining dyaks into the hands of the partyyou have landed, as i understand, at the further end of the southbeach.
mir jan, the mahommedan here, who has been a most faithful allyduring part of our siege, will act as guide."
the other man cast a comprehensive glance over the rock, with itsscaling ladders and dangling rope-ladder, the cave, the little groupsof dead or unconscious pirates--for every wounded man who could move alimb had crawled away after the first shell burst--and drew a deepbreath.
"how long were you up there?"
"over thirty hours."
"it was a great fight!"
"somewhat worse than it looks," said anstruther.
"this is only the endof it.
altogether, we have accounted for nearly two score of the poordevils."
"do you think you can make them prisoners, without killing any more ofthem?"
"that depends entirely on themselves, miss deane.
my men will not firea shot unless they encounter resistance."
robert looked towards the approaching boat.
she would not land yet fora couple of minutes.
"by the way," he said, "will you tell me your name?"
"playdon--lieutenant philip h.
"do you know to what nation this island belongs?"
"it is no-man's land, i think.
it is marked 'uninhabited' on thechart."
"then," said anstruther, "i call upon you, lieutenant playdon, and allothers here present, to witness that i, robert anstruther, late of theindian army, acting on behalf of myself and miss iris deane, declarethat we have taken possession of this island in the name of hisbritannic majesty the king of england, that we are the joint occupiersand owners thereof, and claim all property rights vested therein."
these formal phrases, coming at such a moment, amazed his hearers.
irisalone had an inkling of the underlying motive.
"i don't suppose any one will dispute your title," said the navalofficer gravely.
he unquestionably imagined that suffering and exposurehad slightly disturbed the other man's senses, yet he had seldom seenany person who looked to be in more complete possession of hisfaculties.
"thank you," replied robert with equal composure, though he feltinclined to laugh at playdon's mystification.
"i only wished to securea sufficient number of witnesses for a verbal declaration.
when i havea few minutes to spare i will affix a legal notice on the wall in frontof our cave."
playdon bowed silently.
there was something in the speaker's mannerthat puzzled him.
he detailed a small guard to accompany robert andiris, who now walked towards the beach, and asked mir jan to pilot himas suggested by anstruther.
the boat was yet many yards from shore when iris ran forward andstretched out her arms to the man who was staring at her with wistfuldespair.
"don't you know me?"
sir arthur deane was looking at the two strange figures on the sands,and each moment his heart sank lower.
this island held his final hope.
during many weary weeks, since the day when a kindly admiral placed thecruiser _orient_ at his disposal, he had scoured the china sea,the coasts of borneo and java, for some tidings of the ill-fated_sirdar_.
he met naught save blank nothingness, the silence of the great oceanmausoleum.
not a boat, a spar, a lifebuoy, was cast up by the waves toyield faintest trace of the lost steamer.
every naval man knew what hadhappened.
the vessel had met with some mishap to her machinery, strucka derelict, or turned turtle, during that memorable typhoon of march 17and 18. she had gone down with all hands.
her fate was a foregoneconclusion.
no ship's boat could live in that sea, even if the crewwere able to launch one.
it was another of ocean's tragedies, with thefifth act left to the imagination.
to examine every sand patch and tree-covered shoal in the china sea wasan impossible task.
all the _orient_ could do was to visit theprincipal islands and institute inquiries among the fishermen and smalltraders.
at last, the previous night, a malay, tempted by hope ofreward, boarded the vessel when lying at anchor off the large islandaway to the south, and told the captain a wondrous tale of adevil-haunted place inhabited by two white spirits, a male and afemale, whither a local pirate named taung s'ali had gone by chancewith his men and suffered great loss.
but taung s'ali was bewitched bythe female spirit, and had returned there, with a great force, swearingto capture her or perish.
the spirits, the malay said, had dwelt uponthe island for many years.
his father and grandfather knew the placeand feared it.
taung s'ali would never be seen again.
this queer yarn was the first indication they received of thewhereabouts of any persons who might possibly be shipwrecked europeans,though not survivors from the _sirdar_.
anyhow, the tiny dot layin the vessel's northward track, so a course was set to arrive off theisland soon after dawn.
events on shore, as seen by the officer on watch, told their own tale.
wherever dyaks are fighting there is mischief on foot, so the_orient_ took a hand in the proceedings.
but sir arthur deane, after an agonized scrutiny of the weird-lookingpersons escorted by the sailors to the water's edge, sadly acknowledgedthat neither of these could be the daughter whom he sought.
he bowedhis head in humble resignation, and he thought he was the victim of acruel hallucination when iris's tremulous accents reached his ears--"father, father!
don't you know me?"
he stood up, amazed and trembling.
"yes, father dear.
it is i, your own little girl given back to you.
i cannot see you for my tears."
they had some difficulty to keep him in the boat, and the man pullingstroke smashed a stout oar with the next wrench.
and so they met at last, and the sailors left them alone, to crowdround anstruther and ply him with a hundred questions.
although he fellin with their humor, and gradually pieced together the stirring storywhich was supplemented each instant by the arrival of disconsolatedyaks and the comments of the men who returned from cave and beach, hissoul was filled with the sight of iris and her father, and the happy,inconsequent demands with which each sought to ascertain and relievethe extent of the other's anxiety.
then iris called to him--"robert, i want you."
the use of his christian name created something akin to a sensation.
sir arthur deane was startled, even in his immeasurable delight atfinding his child uninjured--the picture of rude health and happiness.
"this is my father," she cried, shrill with joy.
"and, father darling,this is captain robert anstruther, to whom alone, under god's will, iowe my life, many, many times since the moment the _sirdar_ waslost."
it was no time for questioning.
sir arthur deane took off his hat andheld out his hand--"captain anstruther," he said, "as i owe you my daughter's life, i oweyou that which i can never repay.
and i owe you my own life, too, for icould not have survived the knowledge that she was dead."
robert took the proffered hand--"i think, sir arthur, that, of the two, i am the more deeply indebted.
there are some privileges whose value cannot be measured, and amongthem the privilege of restoring your daughter to your arms takes thehighest place."
then, being much more self-possessed than the older man, who wasnaturally in a state of agitation that was almost painful, he turned toiris.
"i think," he said, "that your father should take you on board the_orient_, iris.
there you may, perhaps, find some suitableclothing, eat something, and recover from the exciting events of themorning.
afterwards, you must bring sir arthur ashore again, and wewill guide him over the island.
i am sure you will find much to tellhim meanwhile."
the baronet could not fail to note the manner in which these twoaddressed each other, the fearless love which leaped from eye to eye,the calm acceptance of a relationship not be questioned or gainsaid.
robert and iris, without spoken word on the subject, had tactily agreedto avoid the slightest semblance of subterfuge as unworthy alike oftheir achievements and their love.
yet what could sir arthur deane do?
to frame a suitable protest at such a moment was not to be dreamed of.
as yet he was too shaken to collect his thoughts.
anstruther'sproposal, however, helped him to blurt out what he intuitively felt tobe a disagreeable fact.
yet something must be said, for his brainreeled.
"your suggestion is admirable," he cried, striving desperately toaffect a careless complaisance.
"the ship's stores may provide iriswith some sort of rig-out, and an old friend of hers is on board atthis moment, little expecting her presence.
lord ventnor hasaccompanied me in my search.
he will, of course, be delighted--"anstruther flushed a deep bronze, but iris broke in--"father, why did _he_ come with you?"
sir arthur, driven into this sudden squall of explanation, becamedignified.
"well, you see, my dear, under the circumstances, he felt an anxietyalmost commensurate with my own."
"but why, why?"
iris was quite calm.
with robert near, she was courageous.
even theperturbed baronet experienced a new sensation as his troubled glancefell before her searching eyes.
his daughter had left him a joyous,heedless girl.
he found her a woman, strong, self-reliant, purposeful.
yet he kept on, choosing the most straightforward means as the onlyhonorable way of clearing a course so beset with unsuspected obstacles.
"it is only reasonable, iris, that your affianced husband should sufferan agony of apprehension on your account, and do all that was possibleto effect your rescue."
"well, my dear girl, perhaps that is hardly the correct phrase fromyour point of view.
yet you cannot fail to remember that lordventnor--""father, dear," said iris solemnly, but in a voice free from alluncertainty, "my affianced husband stands here!
we plighted our trothat the very gate of death.
it was ratified in the presence of god, andhas been blessed by him.
i have made no compact with lord ventnor.
heis a base and unworthy man.
did you but know the truth concerning himyou would not mention his name in the same breath with mine.
never was man so perplexed as the unfortunate shipowner.
in the instantthat his beloved daughter was restored to him out of the very depths ofthe sea, he was asked either to undertake the rôle of a disappointedand unforgiving parent, or sanction her marriage to a truculent-lookingperson of most forbidding if otherwise manly appearance, who hadcertainly saved her from death in ways not presently clear to him, butwho could not be regarded as a suitable son-in-law solely on thataccount.
what could he do, what could he say, to make the position lessintolerable?
anstruther, quicker than iris to appreciate sir arthur deane's dilemma,gallantly helped him.
he placed a loving hand on the girl's shoulder.
"be advised by me, sir arthur, and you too, iris," he said.
"this is nohour for such explanations.
leave me to deal with lord ventnor.
i amcontent to trust the ultimate verdict to you, sir arthur.
you willlearn in due course all that has happened.
go on board, iris.
meet lordventnor as you would meet any other friend.
you will not marry him, iknow.
i can trust you."
he said this with a smile that robbed the wordsof serious purport.
"believe me, you two can find plenty to occupy yourminds today without troubling yourselves about lord ventnor."
"i am very much obliged to you," murmured the baronet, who,notwithstanding his worry, was far too experienced a man of the worldnot to acknowledge the good sense of this advice, no matter howruffianly might be the guise of the strange person who gave it.
"that is settled, then," said robert, laughing good-naturedly, for hewell knew what a weird spectacle he must present to the bewildered oldgentleman.
even sir arthur deane was fascinated by the ragged and hairy giant whocarried himself so masterfully and helped everybody over the stile atthe right moment he tried to develop the change in the conversation.
"by the way," he said, "how came you to be on the _sirdar_?
i havea list of all the passengers and crew, and your name does not appeartherein."
"oh, that is easily accounted for.
i shipped as a steward, in the nameof robert jenks."
this was worse than ever.
the unhappy shipowner thought the sky musthave fallen.
that forms some part of the promised explanation."
iris rapidly gathered the drift of her lover's wishes.
"come, father,"she cried merrily.
"i am aching to see what the ship's stores, whichyou and robert pin your faith to, can do for me in the shape ofgarments.
i have the utmost belief in the british navy, and even askeptic should be convinced of its infallibility if h.m.s.
_orient_ is able to provide a lady's outfit."
sir arthur deane gladly availed himself of the proffered compromise.
heassisted iris into the boat, though that active young person was farbetter able to support him, and a word to the officer in command sentthe gig flying back to the ship.
anstruther, during a momentary delay,made a small request on his own account.
lieutenant playdon, nearly asbig a man as robert, despatched a note to his servant, and the gigspeedily returned with a complete assortment of clothing and linen.
theman also brought a dressing case, with the result that a dip in thebath, and ten minutes in the hands of an expert valet, made anstruthera new man.
acting under his advice, the bodies of the dead were thrown into thelagoon, the wounded were collected in the hut to be attended to by theship's surgeon, and the prisoners were paraded in front of mir jan, whoidentified every man, and found, by counting heads, that none wasmissing.
robert did not forget to write out a formal notice and fasten it to therock.
this proceeding further mystified the officers of the_orient_, who had gradually formed a connected idea of the greatfight made by the shipwrecked pair, though anstruther squirmed inwardlywhen he thought of the manner in which iris would picture the scene.
asit was, he had the first innings, and he did not fail to use theopportunity.
in the few terse words which the militant briton bestunderstands, he described the girl's fortitude, her unflaggingcheerfulness, her uncomplaining readiness to do and dare.
little was said by his auditors, save to interpolate an occasionalquestion as to why such and such a thing was necessary, or how someparticular drawback had been surmounted.
standing near the well, it wasnot necessary to move to explain to them the chief features of theisland, and point out the measures he had adopted.
when he ended, the first lieutenant, who commanded the boats sent inpursuit of the flying dyaks--the _orient_ sank both sampans assoon as they were launched--summed up the general verdict--"you do not need our admiration, captain anstruther.
each man of usenvies you from the bottom of his soul."
"i do, i know--from the very bilge," exclaimed a stout midshipman, oneof those who had seen iris.
robert waited until the laugh died away.
"there is an error about my rank," he said.
"i did once hold acommission in the indian army, but i was court-marshaled and cashieredin hong kong six months ago.
i was unjustly convicted on a gravecharge, and i hope some day to clear myself.
meanwhile i am a merecivilian.
it was only miss deane's generous sympathy which led her tomention my former rank, mr.
had another of the _orient's_ 12-pounder shells suddenly burst inthe midst of the group of officers, it would have created less dismaythan this unexpected avowal.
none but aservice man can grasp the awful significance of those words to thecommissioned ranks of the army and navy.
anstruther well knew what he was doing.
somehow, he found nothing hardin the performance of these penances now.
of course, the ugly truthmust be revealed the moment lord ventnor heard his name.
it was notfair to the good fellows crowding around him, and offering everyattention that the frank hospitality of the british sailor couldsuggest, to permit them to adopt the tone of friendly equality whichrigid discipline, if nothing else, would not allow them to maintain.
the first lieutenant, by reason of his rank, was compelled to saysomething--"that is a devilish bad job, mr. anstruther," he blurted out.
"well, you know, i had to tell you."
he smiled unaffectedly at the wondering circle.
he, too, was anofficer, and appreciated their sentiments.
they were unfeignedly sorryfor him, a man so brave and modest, such a splendid type of the soldierand gentleman, yet, by their common law, an outcast.
nor could theywholly understand his demeanor.
there was a noble dignity in hiscandor, a conscious innocence that disdained to shield itself under apartial truth.
he spoke, not as a wrong-doer, but as one who addressesthose who have been and will be once more his peers.
the first lieutenant again phrased the thoughts of his juniors--"i, and every other man in the ship, cannot help but sympathize withyou.
but whatever may be your record--if you were an escaped convict,mr. anstruther--no one could withhold from you the praise deserved foryour magnificent stand against overwhelming odds.
our duty is plain.
wewill bring you to singapore, where the others will no doubt wish to goimmediately.
i will tell the captain what you have been good enough toacquaint us with.
meanwhile we will give you every assistance,and--er--attention in our power."
a murmur of approbation ran through the little circle.
robert's facepaled somewhat.
what first-rate chaps they were, to be sure!
"i can only thank you," he said unsteadily.
"your kindness is moretrying than adversity."
a rustle of silk, the intrusion into the intent knot of men of a younglady in a paris gown, a paris hat, carrying a trouville parasol, andmost exquisitely gloved and booted, made every one gasp.
"oh, robert dear, how _could_ you?
i actually didn't know you!"
thus iris, bewitchingly attired, and gazing now with provokingadmiration at robert, who certainly offered almost as great a contrastto his former state as did the girl herself.
he returned her look withinterest.
"would any man believe," he laughed, "that clothes would do so much fora woman?"
"what a left-handed compliment!
but come, dearest, captain fitzroy andlord ventnor have come ashore with father and me.
they want us to showthem everything!
you will excuse him, won't you?"
she added, with aseraphic smile to the others.
they walked off together.
gasped the fat midshipman to a lanky youth.
"she's got on yourtogs!"
meaning that iris had ransacked the _orient's_ theatricalwardrobe, and pounced on the swell outfit of the principal femaleimpersonator in the ship's company.
lieutenant playdon bit the chin strap of his pith helmet, for thelanding party wore the regulation uniform for service ashore in thetropics.
he muttered to his chief--"damme if i've got the hang of this business yet."
"neither have i. anstruther looks a decent sort of fellow, and the girlis a stunner.
yet, d'ye know, playdon, right through the cruise i'vealways understood that she was the fiancée of that cad, ventnor."
"anstruther appears to have arranged matters differently.
wonder whatpa will say when that johnnie owns up about the court-martial."
"give it up, which is more than the girl will do, or i'm much mistaken.
funny thing, you know, but i've a sort of hazy recollection ofanstruther's name being mixed up with that of a colonel's wife at hongkong.
fancy ventnor was in it too, as a witness.
stand by, and we'llsee something before we unload at singapore."
lord ventnor was no fool.
whilst iris was transforming herself from asemi-savage condition into a semblance of an ultra _chic_parisienne--the _orient's_ dramatic costumier went in for strongstage effects in feminine attire--sir arthur deane told the earlsomething of the state of affairs on the island.
his lordship--a handsome, saturnine man, cool, insolently polite, andplentifully endowed with the judgmatical daring that is the necessaryequipment of a society libertine--counseled patience, toleration, evensilent recognition of anstruther's undoubted claims for servicesrendered.
"she is an enthusiastic, high-spirited girl," he urged upon hissurprised hearer, who expected a very different expression of opinion.
"this fellow anstruther is a plausible sort of rascal, a good man in atight place too--just the sort of fire-eating blackguard who would fillthe heroic bill where a fight is concerned.
damn him, he licked metwice."
further amazement for the shipowner.
"yes, it's quite true.
i interfered with his little games, and he gaveme the usual reward of the devil's apothecary.
leave iris alone.
atpresent she is strung up to an intense pitch of gratitude, havingbarely escaped a terrible fate.
let her come back to the normal.
anstruther's shady record must gradually leak out.
that will disgusther.
in a week she will appeal to you to buy him off.
he is hardup--cut off by his people and that sort of thing.
there you probablyhave the measure of his scheming.
he knows quite well that he can nevermarry your daughter.
it is all a matter of price."
sir arthur willingly allowed himself to be persuaded.
at the back ofhis head there was an uneasy consciousness that it was not "all amatter of price."
if it were he would never trust a man's face again.
but ventnor's well-balanced arguments swayed him.
the course indicatedwas the only decent one.
it was humanly impossible for a man to chidehis daughter and flout her rescuer within an hour of finding them.
lord ventnor played his cards with a deeper design.
he bowed to theinevitable.
iris said she loved his rival.
to attempt todissuade her was to throw her more closely into that rival's arms.
theright course was to appear resigned, saddened, compelled against hiswill to reveal the distressing truth.
further, he counted onanstruther's quick temper as an active agent.
such a man would be thefirst to rebel against an assumption of pitying tolerance.
he wouldbring bitter charges of conspiracy, of unbelievable compact to securehis ruin.
all this must recoil on his own head when the facts were laidbare.
not even the hero of the island could prevail against theterrible indictment of the court-martial.
finally, at singapore, threedays distant, colonel costobell and his wife were staying.
lordventnor, alone of those on board, knew this.
indeed, he accompanied sirarthur deane largely in order to break off a somewhat tryingentanglement.
he smiled complacently as he thought of the effect oniris of mrs. costobell's indignant remonstrances when the baronet askedthat injured lady to tell the girl all that had happened at hong kong.
in a word, lord ventnor was most profoundly annoyed, and he cursedanstruther from the depths of his heart.
but he could see a way out.
the more desperate the emergency the more need to display finesse.
above all, he must avoid an immediate rupture.
he came ashore with iris and her father; the captain of the_orient_ also joined the party.
the three men watched robert andthe girl walking towards them from the group of officers.
"anstruther is a smart-looking fellow," commented captain fitzroy.
truth to tell, the gallant commander of the _orient_ was secretlyamazed by the metamorphosis effected in robert's appearance since hescrutinized him through his glasses.
iris, too, unaccustomed to theconstraint of high-heeled shoes, clung to the nondescript's arm in amanner that shook the sailor's faith in lord ventnor's pretensions asher favored suitor.
poor sir arthur said not a word, but his lordship was quite at ease--"from his name, and from what deane tells me, i believe he is anex-officer of the indian army."
he has left the service?"
i met him last in hong kong."
"then you know him?"
"quite well, if he is the man i imagine."
"that is really very nice of ventnor," thought the shipowner.
"the lastthing i should credit him with would be a forgiving disposition."
meanwhile anstruther was reading iris a little lecture.
"sweet one," heexplained to her, "do not allude to me by my former rank.
i am notentitled to it.
some day, please god, it will be restored to me.
atpresent i am a plain civilian."
"i think you very handsome."
"don't tease, there's a good girl.
it is not fair with all these peoplelooking."
"but really, robert, only since you scraped off the upper crust have ibeen able to recognize you again.
i remember now that i thought youwere a most distinguished looking steward."
"well, i am helpless.
i cannot even squeeze you.
by the way, iris,during the next few days say nothing about our mine."
"oh, why not?"
"just a personal whim.
it will please me."
"if it pleases you, robert, i am satisfied."
he pressed her arm by way of answer.
they were too near to the waitingtrio for other comment.
"captain fitzroy," cried iris, "let me introduce mr. anstruther to you.
lord ventnor, you have met mr. anstruther before."
the sailor shook hands.
lord ventnor smiled affably.
"your enforced residence on the island seems to have agreed with you,"he said.
life here had its drawbacks, but we fought our enemies inthe open.
didn't we, iris?"
the poor dyaks were not sufficiently modernized to attackus with false testimony."
his lordship's sallow face wrinkled somewhat.
so iris knew of thecourt-martial, nor was she afraid to proclaim to all the world thatthis man was her lover.
as for captain fitzroy, his bushy eyebrowsdisappeared into his peaked cap when he heard the manner of theirspeech.
nevertheless ventnor smiled again.
"even the dyaks respected miss deane," he said.
but anstruther, sorry for the manifest uneasiness of the shipowner,repressed the retort on his lips, and forthwith suggested that theyshould walk to the north beach in the first instance, that being thescene of the wreck.
during the next hour he became auditor rather than narrator.
it wasiris who told of his wild fight against wind and waves, iris who showedthem where he fought with the devil-fish, iris who expatiated on thelong days of ceaseless toil, his dauntless courage in the face of everydifficulty, the way in which he rescued her from the clutch of thesavages, the skill of his preparations against the anticipated attack,and the last great achievement of all, when, time after time, he foiledthe dyaks' best-laid plans, and flung them off, crippled anddisheartened, during the many phases of the thirty hours' battle.
she had an attentive audience.
most of the _orient's_ officersquietly came up and followed the girl's glowing recital with breathlessinterest.
robert vainly endeavored more than once to laugh away herthrilling eulogy.
but she would have none of it.
her heart was in herwords.
he deserved this tribute of praise, unstinted, unmeasured,abundant in its simple truth, yet sounding like a legend spun by someromantic poet, were not the grim evidences of its accuracy visible onevery hand.
she was so volubly clear, so precise in fact, so subtle in her cleverdelineations of humorous or tragic events, that her father wasastounded, and even anstruther silently admitted that a man might liveuntil he equaled the years of a biblical patriarch without discoveringall the resources of a woman.
there were tears in her eyes when she ended; but they were tears ofthankful happiness, and lord ventnor, a silent listener who missedneither word nor look, felt a deeper chill in his cold heart as herealized that this woman's love could never be his.
the knowledgeexcited his passion the more.
his hatred of anstruther now became amania, an insensate resolve to mortally stab this meddler who alwaysstood in his path.
robert hoped that his present ordeal was over.
it had only begun.
hewas called on to answer questions without number.
why had the tunnelbeen made?
what was the mystery of the valley of death?
how did hemanage to guess the dimensions of the sun-dial?
how came he to acquiresuch an amazing stock of out-of-the-way knowledge of the edibleproperties of roots and trees?
they never wouldbe satisfied, for not even the british navypoking its nose into therecesses of the world--often comes across such an amazing story as theadventures of this couple on rainbow island.
he readily explained the creation of quarry and cave by telling them ofthe vein of antimony embedded in the rock near the fault.
antimony isone of the substances that covers a multitude of doubts.
no one, notexcepting the doctors who use it, knows much about it, and in chinesemedicine it might be a chief factor of exceeding nastiness.
inside the cavern, the existence of the partially completed shaft tothe ledge accounted for recent disturbances on the face of the rock,and new-comers could not, of course, distinguish the bones of poor"j.s."
as being the remains of a european.
anstruther was satisfied that none of them hazarded the remotest guessas to the value of the gaunt rock they were staring at, and chancehelped him to baffle further inquiry.
a trumpeter on board the _orient_ was blowing his lungs out tosummon them to luncheon, when captain fitzroy put a final query.
"i can quite understand," he said to robert, "that you have anaffection for this weird place."
"i should think so indeed," muttered the stout midshipman, glancing atiris.
"but i am curious to know," continued the commander, "why you lay claimto the island?
you can hardly intend to return here."
he pointed to robert's placard stuck on the rock.
anstruther paused before he answered.
he felt that lord ventnor's darkeyes were fixed on him.
everybody was more or less desirous to havethis point cleared up.
he looked the questioner squarely in the face.
"in some parts of the world," he said, "there are sunken reefs,unknown, uncharted, on which many a vessel has been lost without anycontributory fault on the part of her officers?"
"well, captain fitzroy, when i was stationed with my regiment in hongkong i encountered such a reef, and wrecked my life on it.
at least,that is how it seemed to me then.
fortune threw me ashore here, after along and bitter submergence.
you can hardly blame me if i cling to thetiny speck of land that gave me salvation."
"no," admitted the sailor.
he knew there was something more in theallegory than the text revealed, but it was no business of his.
"moreover," continued robert smilingly, "you see i have a partner."
"there cannot be the slightest doubt about the partner," was the promptreply.
then every one laughed, iris more than any, though sir arthur deane'sgaiety was forced, and lord ventnor could taste the acidity of his ownsmile.
later in the day the first lieutenant told his chief of anstruther'svoluntary statement concerning the court-martial.
captain fitzroy wasnaturally pained by this unpleasant revelation, but he took exactly thesame view as that expressed by the first lieutenant in robert'spresence.
nevertheless he pondered the matter, and seized an early opportunity ofmentioning it to lord ventnor.
that distinguished nobleman was vastlysurprised to learn how anstruther had cut the ground from beneath hisfeet.
"yes," he said, in reply to the sailor's request for information, "iknow all about it.
it could not well be otherwise, seeing that next tomrs. costobell i was the principal witness against him."
"that must have been d----d awkward for you," was the unexpectedcomment.
"because rumor linked your name with that of the lady in a somewhatoutspoken way."
"you astonish me.
anstruther certainly made some stupid allegationsduring the trial; but i had no idea he was able to spread thismalicious report subsequently."
"i am not talking of hong kong, my lord, but of singapore, monthslater."
captain fitzroy's tone was exceedingly dry.
indeed, some people mightdeem it offensive.
his lordship permitted himself the rare luxury of an angry scowl.
"rumor is a lying jade at the best," he said curtly.
"you mustremember, captain fitzroy, that i have uttered no word of scandal aboutmr. anstruther, and any doubts concerning his conduct can be set atrest by perusing the records of his case in the adjutant-general'soffice at hong kong."
said the sailor, turning on his heel to enter the chart-room.
this was no way to treat a real live lord, a personage of somepolitical importance, too, such as the special envoy to wang hai.
evidently, iris was no mean advocate.
she had already won for the"outcast" the suffrages of the entire ship's company.
the girl and her father went back to the island with robert.
aftertaking thought, the latter decided to ask mir jan to remain inpossession until he returned.
there was not much risk of another dyakinvasion.
the fate of taung s'ali's expedition would not encourage afresh set of marauders, and the mahommedan would be well armed to meetunforeseen contingencies, whilst on his, anstruther's, representationsthe _orient_ would land an abundance of stores.
in any event, itwas better for the native to live in freedom on rainbow island than tobe handed over to the authorities as an escaped convict, which must behis immediate fate no matter what magnanimous view the government ofindia might afterwards take of his services.
mir jan's answer was emphatic.
he took off his turban and placed it onanstruther's feet.
"sahib," he said, "i am your dog.
if, some day, i am found worthy to beyour faithful servant, then shall i know that allah has pardoned mytransgressions.
i only killed a man because--""peace, mir jan. let him rest."
"why is he worshiping you, robert?"
he told her.
"really," she cried, "i must keep up my studies in hindustani.
it isquite too sweet."
and then, for the benefit of her father, she rattled off into aspirited account of her struggles with the algebraic x and the urducompound verb.
sir arthur deane managed to repress a sigh.
in spite of himself hecould not help liking anstruther.
the man was magnetic, a hero, anideal gentleman.
no wonder his daughter was infatuated with him.
yetthe future was dark and storm-tossed, full of sinister threats andcomplications.
iris did not know the wretched circumstances which hadcome to pass since they parted, and which had changed the whole aspectof his life.
how could he tell her?
why should it be his miserable lotto snatch the cup of happiness from her lips?
in that moment of silentagony he wished he were dead, for death alone could remove the burthenlaid on him.
well, surely he might bask in the sunshine of her laughterfor another day.
no need to embitter her joyous heart until he wasdriven to it by dire necessity.
so he resolutely brushed aside the woe-begone phantom of care, andentered into the _abandon_ of the hour with a zest that delightedher.
the dear girl imagined that robert, her robert, had made anotherspeedy conquest, and anstruther himself was much elated by the suddenchange in sir arthur deane's demeanor.
they behaved like school children on a picnic.
they roared over iris'stroubles in the matter of divided skirts, too much divided to be at allpleasant.
the shipowner tasted some of her sago bread, and vowed it wasexcellent.
they unearthed two bottles of champagne, the last of thecase, and promised each other a hearty toast at dinner.
nothing wouldcontent iris but that they should draw a farewell bucketful of waterfrom the well and drench the pitcher-plant with a torrential shower.
robert carefully secured the pocket-books, money and other effectsfound on their dead companions.
the baronet, of course, knew all theprincipal officers of the _sirdar_.
he surveyed these mournfulrelics with sorrowful interest.
"the _sirdar_ was the crack ship of my fleet, and captain ross mymost trusted commander," he said.
"you may well imagine, mr.anstruther, what a cruel blow it was to lose such a vessel, with allthese people on board, and my only daughter amongst them.
i wonder nowthat it did not kill me."
"she was a splendid sea-boat, sir.
although disabled, she foughtgallantly against the typhoon.
nothing short of a reef would break herup."
"ah, well," sighed the shipowner, "the few timbers you have shown mehere are the remaining assets out of £300,000."
"was she not insured?"
"no; that is, i have recently adopted a scheme of mutualself-insurance, and the loss falls _pro rata_ on my othervessels."
the baronet glanced covertly at iris.
the words conveyed little meaningto her.
indeed, she broke in with a laugh--"i am afraid i have heard you say, father dear, that some ships in thefleet paid you best when they ran ashore."
that often happened in the old days.
it is different now.
moreover, i have not told you the extent of my calamities.
the_sirdar_ was lost on march 18, though i did not know it forcertain until this morning.
but on march 25 the _bahadur_ was sunkin the mersey during a fog, and three days later the _jemadar_turned turtle on the james and mary shoal in the hooghly.
happily therewere no lives lost in either of these cases."
even iris was appalled by this list of casualties.
"my poor, dear dad!"
"to think that all these troublesshould occur the very moment i left you!"
yet she gave no thought to the serious financial effect of such astring of catastrophes.
robert, of course, appreciated this side of thebusiness, especially in view of the shipowner's remark about theinsurance.
but sir arthur deane's stiff upper lip deceived him.
hefailed to realize that the father was acting a part for his daughter'ssake.
oddly enough, the baronet did not seek to discuss with them thelegal-looking document affixed near the cave.
it claimed all rights inthe island in their joint names, and this was a topic he wished toavoid.
for the time, therefore, the younger man had no opportunity oftaking him into his confidence, and iris held faithfully to her promiseof silence.
the girl's ragged raiment, sou'wester, and strong boots were alreadypacked away on board.
she now rescued the bible, the copy of tennyson'spoems, the battered tin cup, her revolver, and the lee-metford which"scared" the dyaks when they nearly caught anstruther and mir jannapping.
robert also gathered for her an assortment of dyak hats,belts, and arms, including taung s'ali's parang and a sumpitan.
thesewere her trophies, the _spolia opima_ of the campaign.
his concluding act was to pack two of the empty oil tins with all thevaluable lumps of auriferous quartz he could find where he shot therubbish from the cave beneath the trees.
on top of these he placed someantimony ore, and mir jan, wondering why the sahib wanted the stuff,carried the consignment to the waiting boat.
lieutenant playdon, incommand of the last party of sailors to quit the island, evidentlyexpected mir jan to accompany them, but anstruther explained that theman would await his return, some time in june or july.
sir arthur deane found himself speculating on the cause of thisextraordinary resolve, but, steadfast to his policy of avoidingcontroversial matters, said nothing.
a few words to the captainprocured enough stores to keep the mahommedan for six months at least,and whilst these were being landed, the question was raised how best todispose of the dyaks.
the commander wished to consult the convenience of his guests.
"if we go a little out of our way and land them in borneo," he said,"they will be hanged without troubling you further.
if i take them tosingapore they will be tried on your evidence and sent to penalservitude.
which is it to be?"
it was iris who decided.
"i cannot bear to think of more lives being sacrificed," she protested.
"perhaps if these men are treated mercifully and sent to their homesafter some punishment their example may serve as a deterrent toothers."
so it was settled that way.
the anchor rattled up to its berth and the_orient_ turned her head towards singapore.
as she steadily passedaway into the deepening azure, the girl and her lover watched thefamiliar outlines of rainbow island growing dim in the evening light.
for a long while they could see mir jan's tall, thin figure motionlesson a rock at the extremity of europa point.
their hut, the reef, theledge, came into view as the cruiser swung round to a more northerlycourse.
iris had thrown an arm across her father's shoulders.
the three wereleft alone just then, and they were silent for many minutes.
at last,the flying miles merged the solitary palm beyond the lagoon with thefoliage on the cliff.
the wide cleft of prospect park grew lessdistinct.
mir jan's white-clothed figure was lost in the darkbackground.
the island was becoming vague, dream-like, a blurredmemory.
"robert," said the girl devoutly, "god has been very good to us."
"yes," he replied.
"i was thinking, even this instant, of the versethat is carved on the gate of the memorial well at cawnpore: 'these arethey which came out of great tribulation.'
we, too, have come out ofgreat tribulation, happily with our lives--and more.
the decrees offate are indeed inscrutable."
iris turned to him a face roseate with loving comprehension.
"do you remember this hour yesterday?"
she murmured--"how we sufferedfrom thirst--how the dyaks began their second attack from theridge--how you climbed down the ladder and i followed you?
oh father,darling," she went on impulsively, tightening her grasp, "you willnever know how brave he was, how enduring, how he risked all for me andcheered me to the end, even though the end seemed to be the grave."
"i think i am beginning to understand now," answered the shipowner,averting his eyes lest iris should see the tears in them.
their calvarywas ended, they thought--was it for him to lead them again through thesorrowful way?
it was a heartrending task that lay before him, a taskfrom which his soul revolted.
he refused even to attempt it.
he soughtforgetfulness in a species of mental intoxication, and countenanced hisdaughter's love idyll with such apparent approval that lord ventnorwondered whether sir arthur were not suffering from senile decay.
the explanation of the shipowner's position was painfully simple.
beinga daring yet shrewd financier, he perceived in the troubled conditionof the far east a magnificent opportunity to consolidate the tradinginfluence of his company.
he negotiated two big loans, one, of asemi-private nature, to equip docks and railways in the chief maritimeprovince of china, the other of a more public character, with thegovernment of japan.
all his own resources, together with those of hisprincipal directors and shareholders, were devoted to these objects.
contemporaneously, he determined to stop paying heavy insurancepremiums on his fleet and make it self-supporting, on the well-knownmutual principle.
his vessels were well equipped, well manned, replete with every modernimprovement, and managed with great commercial skill.
in three or fouryears, given ordinary trading luck, he must have doubled his ownfortune and earned a world-wide reputation for far-seeing sagacity.
no sooner were all his arrangements completed than three of his bestships went down, saddling his company with an absolute loss of nearly£600,000, and seriously undermining his financial credit.
afellow-director, wealthy and influential, resigned his seat on theboard, and headed a clique of disappointed stockholders.
at once thefair sky became overcast.
a sound and magnificent speculationthreatened to dissolve in the bankruptcy court.
sir arthur deane's energy and financial skill might have enabled him toweather this unexpected gale were it not for the apparent loss of hisbeloved daughter with the crack ship of his line.
half-frenzied withgrief, he bade his enemies do their worst, and allowed his affairs toget into hopeless confusion whilst he devoted himself wholly to thesearch for iris and her companions.
at this critical juncture lordventnor again reached his side.
his lordship possessed a large privatefortune and extensive estates.
he was prudent withal, and knew howadmirably the shipowner's plans would develop if given the necessarytime.
he offered the use of his name and money.
he more than filled thegap created by the hostile ex-director.
people argued that such aclever man, just returning from the far east after accomplishing apublic mission of some importance, must be a reliable guide.
the merecabled intelligence of his intention to join the board restoredconfidence and credit.
but--there was a bargain.
if iris lived, she must become the countessof ventnor.
his lordship was weary of peripatetic love-making.
it washigh time he settled down in life, took an interest in the legislature,and achieved a position in the world of affairs.
he had a chance now.
the certain success of his friend's project, the fortunate completionof his own diplomatic undertaking, marriage with a beautiful andcharming woman--these items would consolidate his career.
if iris werenot available, plenty of women, high-placed in society, would acceptsuch an eligible bachelor.
but his heart was set on iris.
she washonest, high-principled, pure in body and mind, and none prizes theseessentials in a wife more than a worn-out _roué_.
he seized the first opportunity that presented itself to make sirarthur deane acquainted with a decision already dreaded by theunfortunate shipowner.
iris must either abandon her infatuation foranstruther or bring about the ruin of her father.
there was no mean.
"if she declines to become countess of ventnor, she can marry whom shelikes, as you will be all paupers together," was the earl's causticsumming up.
this brutal argument rather overshot the mark.
the shipowner's faceflushed with anger, and lord ventnor hastened to retrieve a false step.
"i didn't exactly mean to put it that way, deane, but my temper is alittle short these days.
my position on board this ship is intolerable.
as a matter of fair dealing to me, you should put a stop to yourdaughter's attitude towards anstruther, on the ground that herengagement is neither approved of by you nor desirable under anyconsideration."
it may be assumed from this remark that even the earl's sardonic temperwas ruffled by the girl's outrageous behavior.
nor was it exactlypleasant to him to note how steadily anstruther advanced in the favorof every officer on the ship.
by tacit consent the court-martial wastabooed, at any rate until the _orient_ reached singapore.
everyone knew that the quarrel lay between robert and ventnor, and it is notto be wondered at if iris's influence alone were sufficient to turn thescale in favor of her lover.
the shipowner refused point-blank to interfere in any way during thevoyage.
"you promised your co-operation in business even if we found that the_sirdar_ had gone down with all hands," he retorted bitterly.
"doyou wish me to make my daughter believe she has come back into my lifeonly to bring me irretrievable ruin?"
"that appears to be the result, no matter how you may endeavor todisguise it."
"i thought the days were gone when a man would wish to marry a womanagainst her will."
what does she know about it?
the glamour of this islandromance will soon wear off.
it would be different if anstruther wereable to maintain her even decently.
he is an absolute beggar, i tellyou.
didn't he ship on your own vessel as a steward?
take my tip,deane.
tell him how matters stand with you, and he will cool off."
he believed nothing of the sort, but he was desperately anxious thatiris should learn the truth as to her father's dilemma from other lipsthan his own.
this would be the first point gained.
the two men were conversing in the earl's cabin.
on the deck overhead avery different chat was taking place.
the _orient_ was due in singapore that afternoon.
iris was invitedinto the chart-room on some pretext, and lieutenant playdon, delegatedby the commander and the first lieutenant, buttonholed robert.
with sailor-like directness he came straight to the point--"a few of us have been talking about you, anstruther, and we cannot befar wrong in assuming that you are hard up.
the fact that you took asteward's job on the _sirdar_ shows your disinclination to appealto your own people for funds.
now, once you are ashore, you will belanded in difficulties.
to cut any further explanations, i amcommissioned to offer you a loan of fifty pounds, which you can repaywhen you like."
robert's mouth tightened somewhat.
for the moment he could not findwords.
playdon feared he was offended.
"i am sorry, old chap, if we are mistaken," he said hesitatingly; "butwe really thought--""please do not endeavor to explain away your generous act," exclaimedanstruther.
"i accept it thankfully, on one condition."
"blow the condition.
but what is it?"
"that you tell me the names of those to whom i am indebted besidesyourself."
"oh, that is easy enough.
fitzroy and the first luff are the others.
wekept it to a small circle, don't you know.
thought you would preferthat."
anstruther smiled and wrung his hand.
there were some good fellows leftin the world after all.
the three officers acted in pure good nature.
they were assisting a man apparently down in his luck, who would soonbe called on to face other difficulties by reason of his engagement toa girl apparently so far removed from him in station.
and the lastthing they dreamed of was that their kindly loan was destined to yieldthem a better return than all the years of their naval service, fortheir fifty pounds had gone into the pocket of a potential millionaire,who was endowed with the faculty, rare in millionaires, of notforgetting the friends of his poverty-stricken days.
sir arthur deane was sitting alone in his cabin in a state of deepdejection, when he was aroused by a knock, and robert entered.
"can you give me half an hour?"
"i have something to say toyou before we land."
the shipowner silently motioned him to a seat.
"it concerns iris and myself," continued anstruther.
"i gathered fromyour words when we met on the island that both you and lord ventnorregarded iris as his lordship's promised bride.
from your point of viewthe arrangement was perhaps natural and equitable, but since yourdaughter left hong kong it happens that she and i have fallen in lovewith each other.
no; please listen to me.
i am not here to urge myclaims on you.
i won her fairly and intend to keep her, were the wholehouse of peers opposed to me.
at this moment i want to tell you, herfather, why she could never, even under other circumstances, marry lordventnor."
then he proceeded to place before the astounded baronet a detailedhistory of his recent career.
it was a sordid story of woman's perfidy,twice told.
it carried conviction in every sentence.
it was possible,of course, to explain matters more fully to the baronet than to iris,and anstruther's fierce resentment of the cruel wrong inflicted uponhim blazed forth with overwhelming force.
the intensity of his wrath inno way impaired the cogency of his arguments.
rather did it lend pointand logical brevity.
each word burned itself into his hearer'sconsciousness, for robert did not know that the unfortunate father wasbeing coerced to a distasteful compact by the scoundrel who figured inthe narrative as his evil genius.
at the conclusion sir arthur bowed his head between his hands.
"i cannot choose but believe you," he admitted huskily.
"yet how cameyou to be so unjustly convicted by a tribunal composed of your brotherofficers?"
"they could not help themselves.
to acquit me meant that theydiscredited the sworn testimony not only of my colonel's wife, but ofthe civil head of an important government mission, not to mention somebought chinese evidence.
am i the first man to be offered up as asacrifice on the altar of official expediency?"
"but you are powerless now.
you can hardly hope to have your caserevised.
what chance is there that your name will ever be cleared?"
"mrs. costobell can do it if she will.
the vagaries of such a woman arenot to be depended on.
if lord ventnor has cast her off, her hatred may'prove stronger than her passion.
anyhow, i should be the last man todespair of god's providence.
compare the condition of iris and myselftoday with our plight during the second night on the ledge!
i refuse tobelieve that a bad and fickle woman can resist the workings of destiny,and it was a happy fate which led me to ship on board the_sirdar_, though at the time i saw it in another light."
how different the words, the aspirations, of the two suitors.
quiteunconsciously, robert could not have pleaded better.
the shipownersighed heavily.
"i hope your faith will be justified.
if it be not--the more likelything to happen--do i understand that my daughter and you intend to getmarried whether i give or withhold my sanction?"
anstruther rose and opened the door.
"i have ventured to tell you," he said, "why she should not marry lordventnor.
when i come to you and ask you for her, which i pray may besoon, it will be time enough to answer that question, should you thendecide to put it."
it must be remembered that robert knew nothing whatever of the olderman's predicament, whilst the baronet, full of his own troubles, was inno mood to take a reasonable view of anstruther's position.
neitheriris nor robert could make him understand the long-drawn-out duel oftheir early life on the island, nor was it easy to depict thetumultuous agony of that terrible hour on the ledge when the girlforced the man to confess his love by suggesting acceptance of thedyaks' terms.
thus, for a little while, these two were driven apart, and anstrutherdisdained to urge the plea that not many weeks would elapse before hewould be a richer man than his rival.
the chief sufferer was sir arthurdeane.
had iris guessed how her father was tormented, she would nothave remained on the bridge, radiant and mirthful, whilst thegrey-haired baronet gazed with stony-eyed despair at some memorandawhich he extracted from his papers.
"ten thousand pounds!"
"not a great sum for themillionaire financier, sir arthur deane, to raise on his note of hand.
a few months ago men offered me one hundred times the amount on nobetter security.
and now, to think that a set of jabbering fools inlondon should so destroy my credit and their own, that not a bank willdiscount our paper unless they are assured lord ventnor has joined theboard!
fancy me, of all men, being willing to barter my child for a fewpieces of gold!"
the thought was maddening.
for a little while he yielded to utterdespondency.
it was quite true that a comparatively small amount ofmoney would restore the stability of his firm.
even without it, werehis credit unimpaired, he could easily tide over the period ofdepression until the first fruits of his enterprise were garnered.
then, all men would hail him as a genius.
wearily turning over his papers, he suddenly came across the lastletter written to him by iris's mother.
how she doted on their onlychild!
he recalled one night, shortly before his wife died, when thelittle iris was brought into her room to kiss her and lisp herinfantile prayers.
she had devised a formula of her own--"god blessfather!
god bless mother!
god bless me, their little girl!"
and what was it she cried to him from the beach?
"your own little girl given back to you!"
given back to him!
for what--to marry that black-hearted scoundrelwhose pastime was the degradation of women and the defaming of honestmen?
that settled it.
instantly the cloud was lifted from his soul.
agreat peace came upon him.
the ruin of his business he might not beable to avert, but he would save from, the wreck that which he prizedmore than all else--his daughter's love.
the engines dropped to half speed--they were entering the harbor ofsingapore.
in a few hours the worst would be over.
if ventnortelegraphed to london his withdrawal from the board, nothing short of acabled draft for ten thousand pounds would prevent certain creditorsfrom filing a bankruptcy petition.
in the local banks the baronet hadabout a thousand to his credit.
surely among the rich merchants of theport, men who knew the potentialities of his scheme, he would be ableto raise the money needed.
he would try hard.
already he felt braver.
the old fire had returned to his blood.
the very belief that he wasacting in the way best calculated to secure his daughter's happinessstimulated and encouraged him.
he went on deck, to meet iris skipping down the hatchway.
"oh, there you are!"
"i was just coming to find out why youwere moping in your cabin.
you are missing the most beautiful view--allgreens, and blues, and browns!
i want you to see every inchof it."
she held out her hand and pulled him gleefully up the steps.
leaningagainst the taffrail, some distance apart from each other, wereanstruther and lord ventnor.
need it be said to whom iris drew herfather?
"here he is, robert," she laughed.
"i do believe he was sulking becausecaptain fitzroy was so very attentive to me.
yet you didn't mind it abit!"
the two men looked into each other eyes.
how could theyresist the contagion of her sunny nature?
"i have been thinking over what you said to me just now, anstruther,"said the shipowner slowly.
"have you two been talking secrets behind my back?"
"it is no secret to you--my little girl--" her father's voice lingeredon the phrase.
"when we are on shore, robert, i will explain matters toyou more fully.
just now i wish only to tell you that where iris hasgiven her heart i will not refuse her hand."
"you darling old dad!
and is that what all the mystery was about?"
she took his face between her hands and kissed him.
lord ventnor,wondering at this effusiveness, strolled forward.
"what has happened, miss deane?"
"have you just discoveredwhat an excellent parent you possess?"
the baronet laughed, almost hysterically.
"'pon my honor," he cried,"you could not have hit upon a happier explanation."
his lordship was not quite satisfied.
"i suppose you will take iris to smith's hotel?"
he said with coolimpudence.
iris answered him.
my father has just asked robert to come with us--by inference,that is.
where are you going?"
the adroit use of her lover's christian name goaded his lordship tosudden heat.
"sir arthur deane has evidently decided a goodmany things during the last hour."
"yes," was the shipowner's quiet retort.
"i have decided that mydaughter's happiness should be the chief consideration of my remainingyears.
all else must give way to it."
the earl's swarthy face grew sallow with fury.
his eyes blazed, andthere was a tense vibrato in his voice as he said--"then i must congratulate you, miss deane.
you are fated to endureadventures.
having escaped from the melodramatic perils of rainbowisland you are destined to experience another variety of shipwreckhere."
he left them.
not a word had robert spoken throughout the unexpectedscene.
his heart was throbbing with a tremulous joy, and his lordship'ssneers were lost on him.
but he could not fail to note the malignantpurpose of the parting sentence.
in his quietly masterful way he placed his hand on the baronet'sshoulder.
"what did lord ventnor mean?"
sir arthur deane answered, with a calm smile--"it is difficult to talkopenly at this moment.
wait until we reach the hotel."
the news flew fast through the settlement that h.m.s.
_orient_ hadreturned from her long search for the _sirdar_.
the warshipoccupied her usual anchorage, and a boat was lowered to take off thepassengers.
lieutenant playdon went ashore with them.
a feeling ofconsideration for anstruther prevented any arrangements being made forsubsequent meetings.
once their courteous duty was ended, the officersof the _orient_ could not give him any further social recognition.
lord ventnor was aware of this fact and endeavored to turn it toadvantage.
"by the way, fitzroy," he called out to the commander as he prepared todescend the gangway, "i want you, and any others not detained by duty,to come and dine with me tonight."
captain fitzroy answered blandly--"it is very good of you to ask us,but i fear i cannot make any definite arrangements until i learn whatorders are awaiting me here."
come if you can, eh?"
"yes; suppose we leave it at that."
it was a polite but decided rebuff.
it in no way tended to sweeten lordventnor's temper, which was further exasperated when he hurt his shinagainst one of robert's disreputable-looking tins, with itsaccumulation of debris.
the boat swung off into the tideway.
her progress shorewards waswatched by a small knot of people, mostly loungers and coolies.
amongthem, however, were two persons who had driven rapidly to thelanding-place when the arrival of the _orient_ was reported.
onebore all the distinguishing marks of the army officer of high rank, butthe other was unmistakably a globetrotter.
only in piccadilly could hehave purchased his wondrous _sola topi_, or pith helmet--with itsimitation _puggri_ neatly frilled and puckered--and no tailor whoever carried his goose through the exile's gate would have fashionedhis expensive garments.
but the old gentleman made no pretence that hecould "hear the east a-callin'."
he swore impartially at the climate,the place, and its inhabitants.
at this instant he was in a state ofwild excitement.
he was very tall, very stout, exceedingly red-faced.
any budding medico who understood the pre-eminence enjoyed by _aq.
ad_ in a prescription, would have diagnosed him as a first-ratesubject for apoplexy.
producing a tremendous telescope, he vainly endeavored to balance it onthe shoulder of a native servant.
"can't you stand still, you blithering idiot!"
he shouted, after futileattempts to focus the advancing boat, "or shall i steady you by a cloutover the ear?"
his companion, the army man, was looking through a pair offield-glasses.
he cried, "i can see sir arthur deane, and a girl who lookslike his daughter.
there's that infernal scamp, ventnor, too."
the big man brushed the servant out of his way, and brandished thetelescope as though it were a bludgeon.
"the dirty beggar!
he drove my lad to misery and death, yet he has comeback safe and sound.
wait till i meet him.
remember your promise.
i will deal with lord ventnor.
my vengeance has first claim.
by the jumping moses, i dobelieve--yes.
your nephew is sitting next to thegirl!"
the telescope fell on the stones with a crash.
the giant's rubicundface suddenly blanched.
he leaned on his friend for support.
"you are not mistaken," he almost whimpered.
"look again, for god'ssake, man.
make sure before you speak.
"calm yourself, anstruther.
it is robert, as sure as i'm alive.
don'tyou think i know him, my poor disgraced friend, whom i, like all therest, cast off in his hour of trouble?
but i had some excuse.
i didn't mean that, old fellow.
robert himself will be the lastman to blame either of us.
who could have suspected that twopeople--one of them, god help me!
my wife--would concoct such a hellishplot!"
the boat glided gracefully alongside the steps of the quay, and playdonsprang ashore to help iris to alight.
what happened immediatelyafterwards can best be told in his own words, as he retailed the storyto an appreciative audience in the ward-room.
"we had just landed," he said, "and some of the crew were pushing thecoolies out of the way, when two men jumped down the steps, and a mostfiendish row sprang up.
that is, there was no dispute or wrangling, butone chap, who, it turned out, was colonel costobell, grabbed ventnor bythe shirt front, and threatened to smash his face in if he didn'tlisten then and there to what he had to say.
i really thought aboutinterfering, until i heard colonel costobell's opening words.
afterthat i would gladly have seen the beggar chucked into the harbor.
wenever liked him, did we?"
"ask no questions, pompey, but go ahead with the yarn," growled thefirst lieutenant.
"well, it seems that mrs. costobell is dead.
she got enteric a weekafter the _orient_ sailed, and was a goner in four days.
beforeshe died she owned up."
he paused, with a base eye to effect.
not a man moved a muscle.
"all right," he cried.
"i will make no more false starts.
mrs.costobell begged her husband's forgiveness for her treatment of him,and confessed that she and lord ventnor planned the affair for whichanstruther was tried by court-martial.
it must have been a beastlybusiness, for costobell was sweating with rage, though his words wereicy enough.
and you ought to have seen ventnor's face when he heard ofthe depositions, sworn to and signed by mrs. costobell and by severalchinese servants whom he bribed to give false evidence.
he promised tomarry mrs. costobell if her husband died, or, in any event, to bringabout a divorce when the hong kong affair had blown over.
then shelearnt that he was after miss iris, and there is no doubt her furyhelped on the fever.
costobell said that, for his wife's sake, he wouldhave kept the wretched thing secret, but he was compelled to clearanstruther's name, especially as he came across the other oldjohnnie--""pompey, you are incoherent with excitement.
who is 'the other oldjohnnie'?"
asked the first luff severely.
"didn't i tell you?
why, anstruther's uncle, of course, a heavy oldswell with just a touch of yorkshire in his tongue.
i gathered that hedisinherited his nephew when the news of the court-martial reached him.
then he relented, and cabled to him.
getting no news, he came east tolook for him.
he met costobell the day after the lady died, and the twoswore--the stout uncle can swear a treat--anyhow, they vowed to berevenged on ventnor, and to clear anstruther's character, living ordead.
poor old chap!
he cried like a baby when he asked the youngsterto forgive him.
it was quite touching.
i can tell you----"playdon affected to search for his pocket-handkerchief.
"do tell us, or it will be worse for you," cried his mentor.
"give me time, air, a drink!
what you fellows want is a phonograph.
well, costobell shook ventnor off at last, with the finalobservation that anstruther's court-martial has been quashed.
the nextbatch of general orders will re-instate him in the regiment, and itrests with him to decide whether or not a criminal warrant shall beissued against his lordship for conspiracy.
do you fellows know whatconspir----?"
what did miss deane do?"
"clung to anstruther like a weeping angel, and kissed everybody allround when ventnor got away.
i mean her father,anstruther and the stout uncle.
unfortunately i was not on in thatscene.
but, for some reason, they all nearly wrung my arm off, and themen were so excited that they gave the party a rousing cheer as theirrickshaws went off in a bunch.
will no christian gentleman get me adrink?"
the next commotion arose in the hotel when sir arthur deane seized thefirst opportunity to explain the predicament in which his company wasplaced, and the blow which lord ventnor yet had it in his power todeal.
mr. william anstruther was an interested auditor.
robert would havespoken, but his uncle restrained him.
"leave this to me, lad," he exclaimed.
"when i was coming here in the_sirdar_ there was a lot of talk about sir arthur's scheme, andthere should not be much difficulty in raising all the brass required,if half what i heard be true.
sit you down, sir arthur, and tell us allabout it."
the shipowner required no second bidding.
with the skill for which hewas noted, he described his operations in detail, telling how everyfarthing of the first instalments of the two great loans was paid up,how the earnings of his fleet would quickly overtake the deficit incapital value caused by the loss of the three ships, and how, in sixmonths' time, the leading financial houses of london, paris, and berlinwould be offering him more money than he would need.
to a shrewd man of business the project could not fail to commenditself, and the yorkshire squire, though a trifle obstinate in temper,was singularly clear-headed in other respects.
he brought his greatfist down on the table with a whack.
"send a cable to your company, sir arthur," he cried, "and tell themthat your prospective son-in-law will provide the ten thousand poundsyou require.
i will see that his draft is honored.
you can add, if youlike, that another ten will be ready if wanted when this lot is spent.
i did my lad one d--er--deuced bad turn in my life.
this time, i think,i am doing him a good one."
"you are, indeed," said iris's father enthusiastically.
"the unallottedcapital he is taking up will be worth four times its face value in twoyears."
"all the more reason to make his holding twenty instead of ten," roaredthe yorkshireman.
"but look here.
you talk about dropping proceedingsagainst that precious earl whom i saw to-day.
why not tell him not totry any funny tricks until robert's money is safely lodged to youraccount?
we have him in our power.
dash it all, let us use him a bit."
even iris laughed at this naive suggestion.
it was delightful to thinkthat their arch enemy was actually helping the baronet's affairs atthat very moment, and would continue to do so until he was flung asideas being of no further value.
although ventnor himself had carefullyavoided any formal commitment, the cablegrams awaiting the shipowner atsingapore showed that confidence had already been restored by theuncontradicted use of his lordship's name.
robert at last obtained a hearing.
"you two are quietly assuming the attitude of the financial magnates ofthis gathering," he said.
"i must admit that you have managed thingsvery well between you, and i do not propose for one moment to interferewith your arrangements.
nevertheless, iris and i are really the chiefmoneyed persons present.
you spoke of financial houses in england andon the continent backing up your loans six months hence, sir arthur.
you need not go to them.
we will be your bankers."
the baronet laughed with a whole-hearted gaiety that revealed whenceiris got some part, at least, of her bright disposition.
"will you sell your island, robert?"
"i am afraid that noteven iris could wheedle any one into buying it."
"but father, dear," interrupted the girl earnestly, "what robert saysis true.
we have a gold mine there.
it is worth so much that you willhardly believe it until then?
can no longer be any doubt in your mind.
i suppose that is why robert asked me not to mention his discovery toyou earlier."
"no, iris, that was not the reason," said her lover, and the older menfelt that more than idle fancy inspired the astounding intelligencethat they had just heard.
"your love was more to me than all the goldin the world.
i had won you.
i meant to keep you, but i refused to buyyou."
he turned to her father.
his pent-up emotion mastered him, and he spokeas one who could no longer restrain his feelings.
"i have had no chance to thank you for the words you uttered at themoment we quitted the ship.
yet i will treasure them while life lasts.
you gave iris to me when i was poor, disgraced, an outcast from myfamily and my profession.
and i know why you did this thing.
it wasbecause you valued her happiness more than riches or reputation.
i amsorry now i did not explain matters earlier.
it would have saved youmuch needless suffering.
but the sorrow has sped like an evil dream,and you will perhaps not regret it, for your action today binds me toyou with hoops of steel.
and you, too, uncle.
you traveled thousands ofmiles to help and comfort me in my anguish.
were i as bad as i waspainted, your kind old heart still pitied me; you were prepared topluck me from the depths of despair and degradation.
why should i hatelord ventnor?
what man could have served me as he did?
he has given meiris.
he gained for me at her father's hands a concession such asmortal has seldom wrested from black-browed fate.
he brought my uncleto my side in the hour of my adversity.
i would have hisstatue carved in marble, and set on high to tell all who passed howgood may spring out of evil--how god's wisdom can manifest itself byputting even the creeping and crawling things of the earth to someuseful purpose."
"dash it all, lad," vociferated the elder anstruther, "what ails thee?
i never heard you talk like this before!"
the old gentleman's amazement was so comical that further tension wasout of the question.
robert, in calmer mood, informed them of the manner in which he hitupon the mine.
the story sounded like wildest romance--this finding ofa volcanic dyke guarded by the bones of "j.s."
and the poison-filledquarry--but the production of the ore samples changed wonder intocertainty.
next day a government metallurgist estimated the value of the contentsof the two oil-tins at about £500, yet the specimens brought from theisland were not by any means the richest available.
and now there is not much more to tell of rainbow island and itscastaways.
on the day that captain robert anstruther's name appeared inthe _gazette_, reinstating him to his rank and regiment, iris andhe were married in the english church at hong kong, for it was hiswife's wish that the place which witnessed his ignominy should alsowitness his triumph.
a good-natured admiral decided that the urgent requirements of thebritish navy should bring h.m.s.
_orient_ to the island before thedate fixed for the ceremony.
lieutenant playdon officiated as best man,whilst the _orient_ was left so scandalously short-handed for manyhours that a hostile vessel, at least twice her size, might haveventured to attack her.
soon afterwards, robert resigned his commission.
he regretted thenecessity, but the demands of his new sphere in life rendered this stepimperative.
mining engineers, laborers, stores, portable houses,engines, and equipment were obtained with all haste, and the wholeparty sailed on one of sir arthur deane's ships to convoy a smallsteamer specially hired to attend to the wants of the miners.
at last, one evening, early in july, the two vessels anchored outsidepalm-tree rock, and mir jan could be seen running frantically about theshore, for no valid reason save that he could not stand still.
thesahib brought him good news.
the governor of hong kong felt that anyreasonable request made by anstruther should be granted if possible.
hehad written such a strong representation of the mahommedan's case tothe government of india that there was little doubt the returning mailwould convey an official notification that mir jan, formerly_naik_ in the kumaon rissala--he who once killed a man--had beengranted a free pardon.
the mining experts verified robert's most sanguine views after a verybrief examination of the deposit.
hardly any preliminary work wasneeded.
in twenty-four hours a small concentrating plant was erected,and a ditch made to drain off the carbonic anhydride in the valley.
after dusk a party of coolies cleared the quarry of its formeroccupants.
towards the close of the following day, when the greatsteamer once more slowly turned her head to the north-west, iris couldhear the steady thud of an engine at work on the first consignment ofore.robert had been busy up to the last moment.
there was so much to bedone in a short space of time.
the vessel carried a large number ofpassengers, and he did not wish to detain them too long, though theyone and all expressed their willingness to suit his convenience in thisrespect.
now his share of the necessary preparations was concluded.
his wife,sir arthur and his uncle were gathered in a corner of the promenadedeck when he approached and told them that his last instruction ashorewas for a light to be fixed on summit rock as soon as the dynamo was inworking order.
"when we all come back in the cold weather," he explained gleefully,"we will not imitate the _sirdar_ by running on to the reef,should we arrive by night."
iris answered not.
her blue eyes were fixed on the fast-recedingcliffs.
"sweetheart," said her husband, "why are you so silent?"
she turned to him.
the light of the setting sun!
illumined her facewith its golden radiance.
"because i am so happy," she said.
"oh, robert, dear, so happy andthankful."
*       *       *       *       *postscriptthe latest news of col. and mrs. anstruther is contained in a letterwritten by an elderly maiden lady, resident in the north riding ofyorkshire, to a friend in london.
it is dated some four years after theevents already recorded.
although its information is garbled and, to a certain extent,inaccurate, those who have followed the adventures of the young coupleunder discussion will be able to appreciate its opinions at their truevalue.
when the writer states facts, of course, her veracity isunquestionable, but occasionally she flounders badly when she dependsupon her own judgment.
here is the letter:    "my dear helen:    "i have not seen or heard of you during so long a time that i am    _simply dying_ to tell you all that is happening here.
you    will remember that some people named anstruther bought the fairlawn    estate near our village some three years ago.
they are, as you    know, _enormously_ rich.
the doctor tells me that when they    are not squeezing money out of the wretched chinese, they dig it in    _barrow-loads_ out of some magic island in the atlantic or the    pacific--i really forget which.
"anyhow, they could afford to _entertain_ much more than they    do.
mrs. anstruther is very nice looking, and could be a leader of    society if she chose, but she _seems_ to care for no one but    her husband and her babies.
she has a boy and a girl, very charming    children, i admit, and you seldom see her without them.
they have a    french _bonne_ apiece, and a most _murderous_-looking    person--a mahommedan native, i believe--stalks alongside and    behaves as if he would _instantly decapitate_ any person who    as much as looked at them.
such a procession you never saw!
mrs.    anstruther's devotion to her husband is _too_ absurd.
he is a    tall, handsome man, of distinguished appearance, but on the few    occasions i have spoken to him he impressed me as somewhat    _taciturn_.
yet to see the way in which his wife even    _looks_ at him you would imagine that he had not his equal in    the world!
"i believe there is some _secret_ in their lives.
colonel    anstruther used to be in the army--he is now in command of our    local yeomanry--and although his name is 'robert,' _tout    court_, i have often heard mrs. anstruther call him 'jenks.'
their boy, too, is christened robert _jenks_ anstruther.'
now,    my dear helen, _do_ make inquiries about them in town circles.
i _particularly_ wish you to find out who is this person    'jenks'--a most vulgar name.
i am sure you will unearth something    curious, because mrs. anstruther was a miss deane, daughter of the    baronet, and anstruther's people are well known in yorkshire.
there    are absolutely no jenkses connected with them on either side.
"i think i can help you by another _clue_, as a very    _odd_ incident occurred at our hunt ball last week.
the    anstruthers, i must tell you, usually go away for the winter, to    china, or to their fabulous island.
this year they remained at    home, and colonel anstruther became m.f.h., as he is certainly a    most liberal man so far as _sport_ and _charity_ are    concerned.
"well, dear, the dodgsons--you remember the leeds clothier    people--having _contrived_ to enter county society, invited    the earl of ventnor down for the ball.
he, it seems, knew nothing    about anstruther being m.f.h., and of course mrs. anstruther    _received_.
the moment lord ventnor heard her name he was very    angry.
he said he did not care to meet her, and left for london by    the next train.
the dodgsons were _awfully_ annoyed with him,    and mrs. dodgson had the bad taste to tell mrs, anstruther all    about it.
and what do you think _she_ said--'lord ventnor need    not have been so frightened.
my husband has not brought his    hunting-crop with him!'
"i was not there, but young barker told me that mrs. anstruther    looked very _impressive_ as she said this.
was the    word he used, but young barker is a _fool_, and thinks mrs. a.    is the most beautiful woman in yorkshire.
her dress, they say, was    _magnificent_, which i can hardly credit, as she usually goes    about in the _plainest_ tailor-made clothes.
by the way.
i    forgot to mention that the anstruthers have restored our parish    church.
the vicar, of course, is enraptured with them.
i dislike    people who are so free with their money and yet reserved in their    friendship.
it is a sure sign, when they _court_ popularity,    that they dread something leaking out about the _past_.
"_do_ write soon.
don't forget 'jenks' and 'lord ventnor';    those are the lines of _inquiry_.
"ps.--perhaps i am misjudging them.
mrs. anstruther has just sent    me an invitation to an 'at home' next thursday.--m.
"pps.--dear me, this letter will never get away, i have just    destroyed another envelope to tell you that the vicar came in to    tea.
from what he told me about lord ventnor, i imagine that mrs.    anstruther said no more than he deserved.--m."
note.--colonel anstruther's agents discovered, after long and costlyinquiry, that a shields man named james spence, a marine engineer,having worked for a time as a miner in california, shipped as thirdengineer on a vessel bound for shanghai.
there be quitted her.
hepassed some time ashore in dissipation, took another job on a chineseriver steamer, and was last heard of some eighteen months before the_sirdar_ was wrecked.
he then informed a chinese boarding-housekeeper that he was going to make his fortune by accompanying somedeep-sea fishermen, and he bought some stores and tools from amarine-store dealer.
no one knew when or where he went, but from thatdate all trace of him disappeared.
the only persons who mourned hisloss were his mother and sister.
the last letter they received from himwas posted in shanghai.
though the evidence connecting him with therecluse of rainbow island was slight, and purely circumstantial,colonel anstruther provided for the future of his relatives in a mannerthat secured their lasting gratitude.
