"and the king was much moved, and went up to the chamber over the gate,and wept: and as he went, thus he said, o my son absalom, my son, my sonabsalom!
would god i had died for thee, o absalom, my son, my son!"
the voice of the reader was strident, his utterance uneven, his dictionilliterate.
yet he concluded the 18th chapter of the second book ofsamuel with an unctuous force born of long familiarity with the text.
his laborious drone revealed no consciousness of the humanism of thejewish king.
to suggest that the bible contained a mine of literature,a series of stories of surpassing interest, portraying as truthfullythe lives of the men and women of to-day as of the nomad race which apersonal god led through the wilderness, would have provoked from thisman's mouth a sluggish flood of protest.
the slow-moving lips, settight after each syllabic struggle, the shaggy eyebrows overhanginghorn-rimmed spectacles, the beetling forehead and bull-like head sunkbetween massive shoulders, the very clutch of the big hands on the bibleheld stiffly at a distance, bespoke a triumphant dogmatism that found aslittle actuality in the heartbroken cry of david as in a description ofa seven-branched candlestick.
the boy who listened wondered why people should "think such a lotabout" high priests and kings who died so long ago.
david wasinteresting enough as a youth.
the slaying of goliath, the charming ofsaul with sweet music on a harp, appealed to the vivid, if unformed,imagination of fourteen.
but the temptation of the man, the splendidefforts of the monarch to rule a peevish people--these were lost on him.
worse, they wearied him, because, as it happened, he had a reasoningbrain.
he refused to credit all that he heard.
it was hard to believe that anyman's hair could catch in an oak so that he should be lifted up betweenheaven and earth, merely because he rode beneath the tree on the back ofa mule.
this sounded like the language of exaggeration, and sturdylittle martin court bolland hated exaggeration.
again, he took the winged words literally, and the ease with whichdavid saw, heard, spoke to the lord was disturbing.
such things weremanifestly impossible if david resembled other men, and that there weresimilarities between the ruler of israel and certain male inhabitants ofelmsdale was suggested by numberless episodes of the very human historywrit in the book of kings.
"the lord" was a terrific personality to martin--a personality seatedon thunder-cloud, of which the upper rim of gold and silver, shininggloriously against a cerulean sky, was heaven, and the sullen blacknessbeneath, from which thunder bellowed and lightning flashed, was hell.
how could a mere man, one who pursued women like a too susceptibleplowman, one who "smote" his fellows, and "kissed" them, and ate withthem, hold instant communion with the tremendous unseen, the ruler ofsun and storm, the mover of worlds?
"david inquired of the lord"; "david said to the lord"; "the lordanswered unto david"--these phrases tortured a busy intelligence, andcaused the big brown eyes to flash restlessly toward the distant hills,while quick ears and retentive brain paid close heed to the text.
for it was the word, not the spirit, that john bolland insisted on.
theboy knew too well the penalty of forgetfulness.
during half an hour,from five o'clock each day, he was led drearily through the sacred book;if he failed to answer correctly the five minutes' questioning whichfollowed, the lesson was repeated, verse for verse, again, and yetagain, as a punishment.
at half-past four o'clock the high tea of a north-country farmhouse wasserved.
then the huge bible was produced solemnly, and no stress ofcircumstances, no temporary call of other business, was permitted tointerfere with this daily task.
at times, bolland would be absent atfairs or detained in some distant portion of the farm.
but martin's"portion of the scriptures" would be marked for careful reading, andsevere corporal chastisement corrected any negligence.
such was the oldfarmer's mania in this regard that his portly, kind-hearted wife becameas strict as john himself in supervising the boy's lesson, merelybecause she dreaded the scene that would follow the slightest lapse.
so martin could answer glibly that ahimaaz was the son of zadok andthat joab plunged three darts into absalom's heart while the scapegracedangled from the oak.
of the love that david bore his son, of thestatecraft that impelled a servant of israel to slay the disturber ofthe national peace, there was never a hint.
bolland's stark gospel washarshly definite.
there was no channel in his gnarled soul for theturbulent life-stream flowing through the ancient text.
the cold-blooded murder of absalom, it is true, induced in the boy'smind a certain degree of belief in the narrative, a belief somewhatstrained by the manner of absalom's capture.
through his brain danced a_tableau vivant_ of the scene in the wood.
he saw the gayly caparisonedmule gallop madly away, leaving its rider struggling with desperate armsto free his hair from the rough grasp of the oak.
then, through the trees came a startled man-at-arms, who ran back andbrought one other, a stately warrior in accouterments that shone likesilver.
a squabble arose between them as to the exact nature of theking's order concerning this same absalom, but it was speedilydetermined by the leader, joab, snatching three arrows from thesoldier's quiver and plunging them viciously, one after the other, intothe breast of the man hanging between the heaven and the earth.
martin wondered if absalom spoke to joab.
did he cry for mercy?
didhis eyes glare awfully at his relentless foe?
did he squeal pitifulgibberish like tom chandler did when he chopped off his fingers in thehay-cutter?
how beastly it must be to be suspended by your own hair, andsee a man come forward with three barbed darts which he sticks into yourpalpitating bosom, probably cursing you the while!
and then appeared from the depths of the wood ten young men, who behavedlike cowardly savages, for they hacked the poor corpse with sword andspear, and made mock of a gallant if erring soldier who would have slainthem all if he met them on equal terms.
this was the picture that flitted before the boy's eyes, and for oneinstant his tongue forgot its habitual restraint.
"father," he said, "why didn't david ask god to save his son, if hewished him to live?"
"nay, lad, i doan't knoä.
you mun listen te what's written i' t'book--no more an' no less.
i doan't ho'd wi' their commentaries an'explanations, an' what oor passon calls anilitical disquisitions.
tak't' word as it stands.
that's all 'at any man wants."
now, be it observed that the boy used good english, whereas the manspoke in the broad dialect of the dales.
moreover, bolland, anout-and-out dissenter, was clannish enough to speak of "our" parson,meaning thereby the vicar of the parish, a gentleman whom he held atarm's length in politics and religion.
the latter discrepancy was a mere village colloquialism; the other--themarked difference between father and son--was startling, not alone byreason of their varying speech, but by the queer contrast they offeredin manners and appearance.
bolland was a typical yeoman of the moor edge, a tall, strong man,twisted and bent like the oak which betrayed absalom, slow in hismovements, heavy of foot, and clothed in brown corduroy which resembledcuriously the weatherbeaten bark of a tree.
there was a rugged dignityin his bearded face, and the huge spectacles he had now pushed high upon his forehead lent a semblance of greater age than he could lay claimto.
yet was he a lineal descendant of gurth, the swineherd, gurth,uncouth and unidealized.
the boy, a sturdy, country-built youngster in figure and attire, had aface of much promise.
his brow was lofty and open, his mouth firm andwell formed, his eyes fearless, if a trifle dreamy at times.
his hands,too, were not those of a farmer's son.
strong they were and scarred withmuch use, but the fingers tapered elegantly, and the thumbs were longand straight.
certainly, the heavy-browed farmer, with his drooping nether lip andclumsy spatulate digits, had not bequeathed these bucolic attributes tohis son.
as they sat there, in the cheerful kitchen where the sunbeamsfell on sanded floor and danced on the burnished contents of a full"dresser," they presented a dissimilarity that was an outrage onheredity.
usually, the reading ended, martin effaced himself by way of the backdoor.
thence, through a garden orchard that skirted the farmyard, hewould run across a meadow, jump two hedges into the lane which led backto the village street, and so reach the green where the children playedafter school hours.
he was forced early to practice a degree of dissimulation.
though hehated a lie, he at least acted a reverent appreciation of the chapterjust perused.
his boyish impulses lay with the cricketers, theminnow-catchers, the players of prisoner's base, the joyous patrons ofwell-worn "pitch" and gurgling brook.
but he knew that the slightestindication of grudging this daily half-hour would mean the confiscationof the free romp until supper-time at half-past eight.
so he paid heedto the lesson, and won high praise from his preceptor in theoft-expressed opinion:"martin will make a rare man i' time."
to-day he did not hurry away as usual.
for one reason, he was goingwith a gamekeeper to see some ferreting at six o'clock, and there wasplenty of time; for another, it thrilled him to find that there wereepisodes in the bible quite as exciting as any in the pages of "thescalp-hunters," a forbidden work now hidden with others in the storeof dried bracken at the back of the cow-byre.
so he said rather carelessly: "i wonder if he kicked?"
"you wunner if wheä kicked?"
came the slow response.
"absalom, when joab stabbed him.
the other day, when the pigs werekilled, they all kicked like mad."
bolland laid down the bible and glanced at martin with a puzzled air.
hewas not annoyed or even surprised at the unlooked-for deduction.
it hadsimply never occurred to him that one might read the bible and constructactualities from the plain-spoken text.
"hoo div' i knoä?"
he said calmly; "it says nowt about it i' t'chapter."
then martin awoke with a start.
he saw how nearly he had betrayedhimself a second time, how ready were the lips to utter ungovernedthoughts.
he flushed slightly.
"is that all for to-day, father?"
before bolland could answer, there came a knock at the door.
"see wheä that is," said the farmer, readjusting his spectacles.
a big, hearty-looking young man entered.
he wore clothes of a sportingcut and carried a hunting-crop, with the long lash gathered in hisfingers.
"oah, it's you, is it, mr.
said bolland, and martin's quickears caught a note of restraint, almost of hostility, in the question.
"yes, mr. bolland, an' how are ye?"
was the more friendly greeting.
"ijust dropped in to have a settlement about that beast."
what soart o' sattlement?"
the visitor sat down, uninvited, and produced some papers from hispocket.
"well, mr. bolland," he said quietly, "it's not more'n four months sincei gave you sixty pounds for a thoroughbred shorthorn, supposed to be incalf to bainesse boy the third."
"right enough, mr. pickerin'.
you've gotten t' certificates and t'receipt for t' stud fee."
martin detected the latent animosity in both voices.
the reiterated useof the prefix "mr." was an exaggerated politeness that boded a dispute.
cried pickering testily.
"what good are theyto me?
she cannot carry a calf.
for all the use i can make of her, imight as well have thrown the money in the fire."
"eh, but she's a well-bred 'un," said bolland, with sapient head-shake.
"she might be a first-prize winner at the royal by her shape andmarkings; but, as matters stand, she'll bring only fifteen pounds from abutcher.
i stand to lose forty-five pounds by the bargain."
"you canna fly i' t' feäce o' providence, mr.
"providence has little to do with it, i fancy.
i can sell her tosomebody else, if i like to work a swindle with her.
i had my doubts atthe time that she was too cheap."
john bolland rose.
his red face was dusky with anger, and it sent a pangthrough martin's heart to see something of fear there, too.
"noo, what are ye drivin' at?"
he growled, speaking with ominouscalmness.
"you know well enough," came the straight answer.
"the poor thing hassomething wrong with her, and she will never hold a calf.
look here,bolland, meet me fairly in the matter.
either give me back twentypounds, and we'll cry 'quits,' or sell me another next spring at thesame price, and i'll take my luck."
perhaps this _via media_ might have been adopted had it presented itselfearlier.
but the word "swindle" stuck in the farmer's throat, and hesank back into his chair.
"nay, nay," he said.
"a bargain's a bargain.
you've gotten t'papers----"it was the buyer's turn to rise.
"to the devil with you and your papers!"
"do you think icame here without making sure of my facts?
twice has this cow been incalf in your byre, and each time she missed.
you knew her failing, andsold her under false pretenses.
of course, i cannot prove it, or i wouldhave the law of you; but i did think you would act squarely."
for some reason the elder bolland was in a towering rage.
martin hadnever before seen him so angry, and the boy was perplexed by theknowledge that what pickering said was quite true.
"i'll not be sworn at nor threatened wi' t' law in my own house,"bellowed the farmer.
look tiv' your own business an' leave mete follow mine."
pickering, too, was in a mighty temper.
he took a half stride forwardand shook out the thong of the whip.
"you psalm-singing humbug!"
"if you were a youngerman----"martin jumped between them; his right hand clenched a heavy kitchenpoker.
pickering half turned to the door with a bitter laugh.
"all right, my young cub!"
"i'm not such a fool, thankgoodness, as to make bad worse.
it's lucky for you, boy, that you arenot of the same kidney as that old ranter there.
catch me ever havingmore to do with any of his breed."
"an' what affair is it of yours, mr. pickerin', who the boy belongs to?
if all tales be true, _you_ can't afford to throw stones at otherfolks's glass houses!"
mrs. bolland, stout, hooded, aproned, and fiery red in face, had comefrom the dairy, and now took a hand in the argument.
pickering, annoyed at the unlooked-for presence of a woman, saidsternly:"talk to your husband, not to me, ma'am.
he wronged me by getting threetimes the value for a useless beast, and if you can convince him that hetook an unfair advantage, i'm willing, even now----"but mrs. bolland had caught the flicker of amazement in martin's eye andwas not to be mollified.
"who are you, i'd like to know?"
she shrilled, "coomin' te one's housean' scandalizin' us?
a nice thing, to be sure, for a man like you tocall john bolland a wrongdoer.
the cow won't calve, won't she?
'tis adispensation on you, george pickerin'.
you're payin' for yer ownmisdeeds.
there's plenty i' elmsdale wheä ken your char-ak-ter, let metell you that.
what's become o' betsy thwaites?"
but pickering had resigned the contest.
he was striding toward the"black lion," where a dogcart awaited him, and he laughed to himself asthe flood of vituperation swelled from the door of the farm.
he muttered, "how these women must cackle in the market!
one oldcow is hardly worth so much fuss!"
still smiling at the storm he had raised, he gathered the reins, gavefred, the ostler, a sixpence, and would have driven off had he not seena pretty serving-maid gazing out through an upper window.
her facelooked familiar.
"you and i know each other, don't we?"
"no, we doan't; an' we're not likely to," was the pert reply.
what have i done now?"
"nowt to me, but my sister is betsy thwaites."
"the deuce she is!
betsy isn't half as nice-looking as you."
"more shame on you that says it."
"but, my dear girl, one should tell the truth and shame the devil."
"just listen to him!"
yet the window was raised a little higher, andthe girl leaned out, for pickering was a handsome man, with a tremendousreputation for gallantry of a somewhat pronounced type.
fred, the stable help, struck the cob smartly with his open hand.
pickering swore, and bade him leave the mare alone and be off.
"i was sorry for betsy," he said, when the prancing pony was quieted,"but she and i agreed to differ.
i got her a place at hereford, and hopeshe'll be married soon."
"you'll get me no place at hereford, mr. pickerin'"--this with acoquettish toss of the head.
"of course not.
when is the feast here?"
"next monday it starts."
i'll see you on monday."
he blew her a kiss, and she laughed.
as the smart turnout rattledthrough the village she looked after him.
"betsy always did say he was such a man," she murmured.
"i'll smack hisfeäce, though, if he comes near me a-monday."
and fred, leaning sulkily over the yard gate, spat viciously onpickering's sixpence.
"coomin' here for t' feäst, is he?"
"happen he'd better bidei' nottonby."
pickering left ruffled breasts behind him.
the big farm in the center ofthe village was known as the white house, and had been owned by abolland since there were bollands in the county.
it was perched on abank that rose steeply some twenty feet or more from the main road.
cartways of stiff gradient led down to the thoroughfare on either hand.
a strong retaining wall, crowned with gooseberry bushes, marked theconfines of the garden, which adjoined a row of cottages tenanted bylaborers.
then came the white house itself, thatched, cleanly,comfortable-looking; beyond it, all fronting on the road, were stablesand outbuildings.
behind lay the remainder of the kitchen garden and an orchard, backed bya strip of meadowland that climbed rapidly toward the free moor with itswhins and heather--a far-flung range of mountain given over to grouseand hardy sheep, and cleft by tiny ravines of exceeding beauty.
across the village street stood some modern iron-roofed buildings, wherebolland kept his prize stock, and here was situated the real approach tothe couple of hundred acres of rich arable land which he farmed.
thehouse and rear pastures were his own; he rented the rest.
of late yearshe had ceased to grow grain, save for the limited purposes of hisstock, and had gone in more and more for pedigree cattle.
pickering's words had hurt him sorely, since they held an element oftruth.
the actual facts were these: one of his best cows had injuredherself by jumping a fence, and a calf was born prematurely.
oddlyenough, a similar accident had occurred the following year.
on the thirdoccasion, when the animal was mated with bainesse boy iii, bollandthought it best not to tempt fortune again, but sold her for somethingless than the enhanced value which the circumstances warranted.
from asimilar dam and the same sire he bred a yearling bull which realized£250, or nearly the rent of his holding, so pickering had reallyoverstated his case, making no allowance for the lottery ofstock-raising.
the third calf might have been normal and of great value.
it was not.
bolland suspected the probable outcome and had acted accordingly.
it wasthe charge of premeditated unfairness that rankled and caused him suchheart-burning.
when mrs. bolland, turkey-red in face, and with eyes still glintingfire, came in and slammed the door, she told martin, angrily, to be off,and not stand there with his ears cocked like a terrier's.
the boy went out.
he did not follow his accustomed track.
he hesitatedwhether or not to go rabbiting.
although far too young to attach seriousimport to the innuendoes he had heard, he could not help wondering whatpickering meant by that ironical congratulation on the subject of hispaternity.
his mother, too, had not repelled the charge directly, but had gone outof her way to heap counter-abuse on the vilifier.
it was odd, to saythe least of it, and he found himself wishing heartily that either theunfortunate cow had not been sold or that his father had met mr.pickering's protests more reasonably.
a whistle came from the lane that led up to the moor.
perched on a gatewas a white-headed urchin.
"aren't ye coomin' te t' green?"
was his cry, seeing that martin heardhim.
"not this evening, thanks."
"oah, coom on.
they're playin' tig, an' none of 'em can ketch jimbates."
that settled it.
jim bates's pride must be lowered, and ferrets wereforgotten.
but jim bates had his revenge.
if he could not run as fast as martin, hemade an excellent pawn in the hands of fortune.
had the boy gone to therabbit warren, he would not have seen the village again until aftereight o'clock, and, possibly, the current of his life might have entereda different runnel.
in the event, however, he was sauntering up thevillage street, when he encountered a lady and a little girl,accompanied by a woman whose dress reminded him of nuns seen inpictures.
the three were complete strangers, and although martin wasunusually well-mannered for one reared in a remote yorkshire hamlet, hecould not help staring at them fixedly.
the normandy nurse alone was enough to draw the eyes of the wholevillage, and martin knew well it was owing to mere chance that a crowdof children was not following her already.
the lady was tall and of stately carriage.
she was dressed quietly, butin excellent taste.
her very full face looked remarkably pink, and herlarge blue eyes stared out of puffy sockets.
beyond these unfavorabledetails, she was a handsome woman, and the boy thought vaguely that shemust have motored over from the castle midway between elmsdale and thenearest market town of nottonby.
yet it was on the child that his wondering gaze dwelt longest.
shelooked about ten years old.
her elfin face was enshrined in jet-blackhair, and two big bright eyes glanced inquiringly at him from the depthsof a wide-brimmed, flowered-covered hat.
a broad blue sash girdled herwhite linen dress; the starched skirts stood out like the frills of aballet dancer.
her shapely legs were bare from above the knees, and her tiny feet wereencased in sandals.
at trouville she would be pronounced "sweet" byenthusiastic admirers of french fashion, but in a north-country villageshe was absurdly out of place.
nevertheless, being a remarkablyself-possessed little maiden, she returned with interest martin's covertscrutiny.
he would have passed on, but the lady lifted a pair of mountedeyeglasses and spoke to him.
"boy," she said in a flute-like voice, "can you tell me which is thewhite house?"
martin's cap flew off.
"yes, ma'am," he said, pointing.
"that is it.
i live there."
and what is your name?"
"martin court bolland, ma'am."
"what an odd name.
why were you christened martin court?"
"i really don't know, ma'am.
i didn't bother about it at the time, andsince then have never troubled to inquire."
now, to be candid, martin did not throw off this retort spontaneously.
it was a little effusion built up through the years, the product offrequent necessity to answer the question.
but the lady took it as acoruscation of rustic wit, and laughed.
she turned to the nurse:"il m'a rendu la monnaie de ma pièce, françoise."
"j'en suis bien sûr, madame, mais qu'est-ce qu'il a dit?"
the other translated rapidly, and the nurse grinned.
"ah, il est naïf, le petit," she commented.
"et très gentil."
"oh, maman," chimed in the child, "je serais heureuse si vous vouliez mepermettre de jouer avec ce joli garçon."
"attendez, ma belle.
pas si vite.... now, martin court, take me to yourmother."
not knowing exactly what to do with his cap, the boy had kept it in hishand.
the foregoing conversation was, of course, so much greek in hisears.
he realized that they were talking about him, and was fully aliveto the girl's demure admiration.
the english words came with the moresurprise, seeing that they followed so quickly on some remark in anunknown tongue.
he led the way at once, hoping that his mother had regained her normalcondition of busy cheerfulness.
silence reigned in the front kitchen when he pressed the latch.
the roomwas empty, but the clank of pattens in the yard revealed that thefarmer's thrifty wife was sparing her skirts from the dirt while shecrossed to the pig tub with a pailful of garbage.
"will you take a seat, ma'am?"
said martin politely.
"i'll tell motheryou are here."
with a slight awkwardness he pulled three oaken chairs from the serriedrank they occupied along the wall beneath the high-silled windows.
feeling all eyes fixed on him quizzically, he blushed.
"ah, v'là le p'tit.
laughed the nurse.
"don't tease him, nurse!"
cried the child in english.
"he is a nice boy.
i like him."
clearly this was for martin's benefit.
already the young lady was acoquette.
mrs. bolland, hearing there were "ladies" to visit her, entered withtrepidation.
she expected to meet the vicar's aunt and one of thatlady's friends.
in a moment of weakness she had consented to take chargeof the refreshment stall at a forthcoming bazaar in aid of certainchurch funds.
but bolland was told that the incumbent was adoptingritualistic practices, so he sternly forbade his better half to renderany assistance whatsoever.
the established church was bad enough; it wasa positive scandal to introduce into the service aught that savored ofrome.
poor mrs. bolland therefore racked her brain for a reasonable excuse asshe crossed the yard, and it is not to be wondered at if she was struckalmost dumb with surprise at sight of the strangers.
"are you mrs.
asked the lady, without rising, and surveyingher through the eyeglasses with head tilted back.
i--er--am staying at the elms for some few weeks, and thepeople there recommended you as supplying excellent dairy produce.
iam--er--exceedingly particular about butter and milk, as my little girlis so delicate.
have you any objection to allowing me to inspect yourdairy?
i may add that i will pay you well for all that i order."
the lady's accent, no less than the even flow of her words, joined tounpreparedness for such fashionable visitors, temporarily bereft mrs.bolland of a quick, if limited, understanding.
"did ye say ye wanted soom bootermilk?"
she cried vacantly.
"no, mother," interrupted martin anxiously.
for the first time in hislife he was aware of a hot and uncomfortable feeling that his mother wasmanifestly inferior to certain other people in the world.
"the ladywishes to see the dairy."
"she wants to buy things from you, and--er--i suppose she would like tosee what sort of place we keep them in."
no manner of explanation could have restored mrs. bolland's normalsenses so speedily as the slightest hint that uncleanliness could harborits microbes in her house.
"my goodness, ma'am," she cried, "wheä's bin tellin' you that my pleäcehez owt wrong wi't?"
now it was the stranger's turn to appeal to martin, and the boy showedhis mettle by telling his mother, in exact detail, the request made bythe lady and her reference to the fragile-looking child.
mrs. bolland's wrath subsided, and her lips widened in a smile.
"oah, if that's all," she said, "coom on, ma'am, an' welcome.
ye cannabe too careful about sike things, an' yer little lass do look pukey, tebe sure."
the lady, gathering her skirts for the perilous passage of the yard,followed the farmer's wife.
martin and the girl sat and stared at each other.
she it was who beganthe conversation.
"have you lived here long?"
"all my life," he answered.
pretty and well-dressed as she was, he hadno dread of her.
he regarded girls as spiteful creatures who scratchedone another like cats when angry and shrieked hysterically when theyplayed.
"that's not very long," she cried.
"no; but it's longer than you've lived anywhere else."
i have lived everywhere--in london, berlin, paris, nice,montreux--o, je ne sais--i beg your pardon.
perhaps you don't speakfrench?"
"would you like to learn?"
"yes, very much."
"i'll teach you.
it will be such fun.
i know all sorts of naughty words.
i learnt them in monte carlo, where i could hear the servants chatteringwhen i was put to bed.
watch me wake up nurse.
françoise, mon chou!
crénom d'un pipe, mais que vous êtes triste aujourd'hui!"
the _bonne_ started.
she shook the child angrily.
"you wicked girl!"
she cried in french.
"if madame heard you, she wouldblame me."
the imp cuddled her bare knees in a paroxysm of glee.
"you see," she shrilled.
"i told you so."
"was all that swearing?"
demanded martin gravely.
"some of it."
"then you shouldn't do it.
if i were your brother, i'd hammer you."
"oh, would you, indeed!
i'd like to see any boy lay a finger on me.
i'dtear his hair out by the roots."
naturally, the talk languished for a while, until martin thought he hadperhaps been rude in speaking so brusquely.
"i'm sorry if i offended you," he said.
the saucy, wide-open eyes sparkled.
"i forgive you," she said.
"how old are you?"
he was surprised.
"i thought you were younger," he said.
"so does everybody.
you see, i'm tiny, and mamma dresses me in this babyway.
i don't mind.
i know your name.
you haven't asked me mine."
"tell me," he said with a smile.
"i'll never be able to say that," he protested.
"oh, yes, you will.
it's quite easy.
it sounds frenchy, but i amenglish, except in my ways, mother says.
say 'an'----""ang----""not so much through your nose.
the next effort was better, but tuition halted abruptly when martindiscovered that angèle's mother, instead of being "mrs. saumarez," was"the baroness irma von edelstein."
he blurted out.
"how can that be?"
angèle laughed at his blank astonishment.
"mamma is a german baroness," she explained.
"my papa was a colonel inthe british army, but mamma did not lose her courtesy title when shemarried.
of course, she is mrs. saumarez, too."
these subtleties of burke and the almanach de gotha went over martin'shead.
"it sounds a bit like an entry in a stock catalogue," he said.
angèle, in turn, was befogged, but saw instantly that the village youthwas not sufficiently reverent to the claims of rank.
"you can never be a gentleman unless you learn these things," sheannounced airily.
"you don't say," retorted martin with a smile.
he was really far moreintelligent than this pert monitress, and had detected a curiousexpression on the stolid face of françoise when the baroness vonedelstein's name cropped up in a talk which she could not understand.
the truth was that the canny norman woman, though willing enough to takea german mistress's gold, thoroughly disliked the lady's nationality.
martin could only guess vaguely at something of the sort, but the mereguess sufficed.
angèle, however, wanted no more bickering just then.
she was about toresume the lesson when the baroness and mrs. bolland re-entered thehouse.
evidently the inspection of the dairy had been satisfactory, andthe lady had signified her approval in words that pleased the olderwoman greatly.
the visitor was delighted, too, with the old-world appearance of thekitchen, the heavy rafters with their load of hams and sides of bacon,the oaken furniture, the spotless white of the well-scrubbed ash-toppedtable, the solemn grandfather's clock, and the rough stone floor, overwhich soft red sandstone had been rubbed when wet.
by this time the tact of the woman of society had accommodated her wordsand utterance to the limited comprehension of her hearer, and shedisplayed such genuine interest in the farm and its belongings that mrs.bolland gave her a hearty invitation to come next morning, when thelight would be stronger.
then "john" would let her see his prize stockand the extensive buildings on "t' other side o' t' road.... t' kye (thecows) were fastened up for t' neet" by this time.
the baroness was puzzled, but managed to catch the speaker's drift.
"i do not rise very early," she said.
"i breakfast about eleven"--shecould not imagine what a sensation this statement caused in a housewhere breakfast was served never later than seven o'clock--"and it takesme an hour to dress; but i can call about twelve, if that will suit."
"ay, do, ma'am," was the cheery agreement.
"you'll be able te see t'farmhands havin' their dinner.
it's a fair treat te watch them men an'lads puttin' away a beefsteak pie."
"and this is your little boy?"
said the other, evidently inclined forgossip.
"he is a splendid little fellow.
what a nice name you gave him--martincourt bolland--so unusual.
how came you to select his christian names?"
the question caused the farmer's wife a good deal of unnoticedembarrassment.
the baroness was looking idly at an old colored print ofyork castle, and the boy himself was far too taken up with angèle tolisten to the chat of his elders.
mrs. bolland laughed confusedly.
"martin," she said.
"tak t' young leddy an' t' nurse as far as t' brig,an' show 'em t' mill."
the baroness was surprised at this order, but an explanation was soonforthcoming.
in her labored speech and broad dialect, the farmer's wiferevealed a startling romance.
thirteen years ago her husband's brotherdied suddenly while attending a show at islington, and the funeral tookjohn and herself to london.
they found the place so vast and noisy thatit overwhelmed them; but in the evening, after the ceremony at abneypark, they strolled out from their hotel near king's cross station tosee the sights.
not knowing whither they were drifting, they found themselves, an hourlater, gazing at st. paul's cathedral from the foot of ludgate hill.
they were walking toward the stately edifice, when a terrible thinghappened.
a young woman fell, or threw herself, from a fourth-floor window ontothe pavement of st. martin's court.
in her arms was an infant, a boytwelve months old.
providence saved him from the instant death met byhis mother.
a projecting signboard caught his clothing, tore him fromthe encircling arms, and held him a precarious second until the rentfrock gave way.
but john bolland's sharp eyes had noted the child's momentary escape.
hesprang forward and caught the tiny body as it dropped.
at that hour,nearly nine o'clock, the court was deserted, and ludgate hill had lostmuch of its daily crowd.
of course, a number of passers-by gathered; anda policeman took the names and address of the farmer and his wife, theybeing the only actual witnesses of the tragedy.
but what was to be done with the baby?
mrs. bolland volunteered to takecare of it for the night, and the policeman was glad enough to leave itwith her when he ascertained that no one in the house from which thewoman fell knew anything about her save that she was a "mrs. martineau,"and rented a furnished room beneath the attic.
the inquest detained the bollands another day in town.
police inquiriesshowed that the unfortunate young woman had committed suicide.
a letter,stuck to a dressing-table with a hatpin, stated her intention, and thather name was not martineau.
would the lady like to see the letter?
"oh, dear, no!"
said the baroness hastily.
"your story is awfullyinteresting, but i could not bear to read the poor creature's words."
well, the rest was obvious.
mrs. bolland was childless after twentyyears of married life.
she begged for the bairn, and her husband allowedher to adopt it.
they gave the boy their own name, but christened himafter the scene of his mother's death and his own miraculous escape.
andthere he was now, coming up the village street, leading angèleconfidently by the hand--a fine, intelligent lad, and wholly differentfrom every other boy in the village.
not even the squire's sons equaled him in any respect, and the teacherof the village school gave him special lessons.
perhaps the lady hadnoticed the way he spoke.
the teacher was proud of martin's abilities,and he tried to please her by not using the yorkshire dialect.
"ah, i see," said the baroness quietly.
"his history is quite romantic.
but what will he become when he grows up--a farmer, like his adoptedfather?"
"john thinks te mak' him a minister," said mrs. bolland with genialpride.
do you mean a preacher, a nonconformist person?"
"why, yes, ma'am.
john wouldn't hear of his bein' a parson."
i beg your pardon.
of course, you will dowhat is best for him.... well, ma belle, have you enjoyed your littlewalk?"
"oh, so much, mamma.
the miller has such lovely pigs, so fat, so tightthat you can't pinch them.
and there's a beautiful dog, with four puppydogs.
i'm so glad we came here.
j'en suis bien aise."
"she's a queer little girl," said mrs. bolland, as martin and shewatched the party walking back to the elms.
"i couldn't tell half whatshe said."
"no, mother," he replied.
"she goes off into french without thinking,and her mother's a german baroness, who married an english officer.
thenurse doesn't speak any english.
i wish i knew french and german.
french, at any rate."
preparations for the forthcoming "feast" were varied by gossipconcerning "the baroness," her daughter, and the normandy _bonne_.
elmsdale had never before set eyes on any human beings quite so foreignto its environment.
at first, the canny yorkshire folk were muchintrigued by the lady's title.
a princess or a duchess they had read of;a marchioness and a countess they had seen, because the county of broadacres finds room for a great many noble houses; and baronets' wives,each a "lady" by perspective right, were so plentiful as to arouse nospecial comment.
but a "baroness" was rather un-english, while elmsdale frankly refusedto pronounce her name other than "eedelsteen."
the village was ready toallude to her as "her ladyship," but was still doubtful whether or notto grant her the prefix "lady," when the question was settled in awholly unexpected way by the announcement that the baroness preferred tobe addressed as "mrs.
in fact, she was rather annoyed thatangèle should have flaunted the title at all.
"i am english by marriage, and proud of my husband's name," sheexplained.
"he was a gallant officer, who fell in the boer war, and ihave long since left the use of my german rank for purely officialoccasions.
it is no secret, of course, but angèle should not havementioned it."
elmsdale liked this democratic utterance.
it made these blunt yorkshirefolk far readier to address her as "your ladyship" than would have beenthe case otherwise, and, truth to tell, she never chided them for anylapse of the sort, though, in accordance with her wish, she becamegenerally known as mrs. saumarez.
she rented a suite at the elms, a once pretentious country mansion ownedby a family named walker.
the males had died, the revenues had dwindled,and two elderly maiden ladies, after taking counsel with the vicar, hadadvertised their house in a society newspaper.
mrs. saumarez said she was an invalid.
she required rest and good air.
françoise, since angèle had outgrown the attentions of a nurse, wasemployed mainly as her mistress's confidential servant.
françoise eithercould not or would not speak english; mrs. saumarez gave excellentreferences and no information as to her past, while angèle's volatilereminiscences of continental society had no meaning for elmsdale.
but it was abundantly clear that mrs. saumarez was rich.
she swept asidethe arrangements made by the misses walker for her comfort, chose herown set of apartments, ordered things wholly her own way, and paiddouble the terms originally demanded.
the day following her visit to the white house she descended on thechief grocer, whose shop was an emporium of many articles outside histrade, but mostly of a cheap order.
"mr. webster," she said in her grand manner, "few of the goods you stockwill meet my requirements.
i prefer to deal with local tradesmen, butthey must meet my wants.
now, if you are prepared to cater for me, youwill not only save me the trouble of ordering supplies from london, butmake some extra profit.
you have proper agents, no doubt, so you mustobtain everything of the best quality.
i shall nevergrumble at the prices; but the least inferiority will lead me towithdraw my custom."
it was a sore point with mr. webster that "the squire" dealt with thestores.
he promised implicit obedience, and wrote such instructions toleeds, his supply town, that the wholesale house there wondered who hadcome to live at elmsdale.
the proprietress of the "black lion," hearing the golden tales thatcirculated through the village, dressed in her best one afternoon andcalled at the elms in the hope of obtaining patronage for wines, bottledbeer, and mineral waters.
mrs. saumarez was resting.
the elder misswalker conveyed mrs. atkinson's name and business.
some conversationtook place between mrs. saumarez and françoise, with the result thatmrs. atkinson was instructed to supply schweppe's soda water, but "nointoxicants."
so mrs. saumarez was a teetotaller.
the secretary of the local branch ofthe good templars donned a faded black coat and a rusty tall hat andsent in a subscription list.
it came out with a guinea.
the vicar was atthe elms next day.
mrs. saumarez received him graciously and gave him afive-pound note toward the funds of the bazaar which would be openednext week.
most decidedly the lady was an acquisition.
when miss marthawalker was enjoined by her sister, miss emmy, to find out how long mrs.saumarez intended to remain at elmsdale--on the plausible pretext thatthe terms would be lowered for a monthly tenancy--she was given a curtreply.
"i am a creature of moods.
i may be here a day, a year.
at present theplace suits me.
and angèle is brimming over with health.
but it is fatalif i am told i must remain a precise period anywhere.
that is why inever go to carlsbad."
miss martha did not understand the reference to carlsbad; but the natureof the reply stopped effectually all further curiosity as to mrs.saumarez's plans.
it also insured unflagging service.
hardly a day passed that the newcomer did not call at the white house.
she astounded john bolland by the accuracy of her knowledge concerningstock, and annoyed him, too, by remarking that some of his land requireddraining.
"your lower pastures are too rank," she said.
"so long as there is asuccession of fine seasons it does not matter, but a wet spring andsummer will trouble you.
you will have fifty acres of water-soddenmeadows, and nothing breeds disease more quickly."
"none o' my cattle hev had a day's illness, short o' bein' a trifleoverfed wi' oil cake," he said testily.
you told me that in former years you raised wheat and oatsthere.
i'm talking about grass."
martin and angèle became close friends.
the only children of the girl'ssocial rank in the neighborhood were the vicar's daughter, elsieherbert, and the squire's two sons, frank and ernest beckett-smythe.
mr.beckett-smythe was a widower.
he lived at the hall, three-quarters of amile away, and had not as yet met mrs. saumarez.
angèle would havenothing to do with elsie.
"i don't like her," she confided to martin.
"she doesn't care for boys,and i adore them.
she's trop reglée for me."
"what is that?"
"well, she holds her nose--so."
angèle tilted her head and cast down her eyes.
"of course, i don't know her, but she seems to be a nice girl," saidmartin.
"why do you say, 'of course, i don't know her'?
she lives here, doesn'tshe?"
"yes, but my father is a farmer.
she has a governess, and goes to tea atthe hall.
i've met her driving from the castle.
she's above me, yousee."
angèle laughed maliciously.
"o là là!
c'est pour rire!
she is--what do you say--a littlesnob."
"no, no," protested martin.
"i think she would be very nice, if i knewher.
you'll like her fine when you play with her."
play with her, so prim, so pious.
i prefer jim bates.
he winked atme yesterday."
next time i see him i'll make it hard for him to wink."
angèle clapped her hands and pirouetted.
"what," she cried, "you will fight him, and for me!
it's justlike a story book.
you must kick him, so, and he will fall down, and iwill kiss you."
"i will not kick him," said the indignant martin.
"boys don't kick inengland.
and i don't want to be kissed."
"don't boys kiss in england?"
"well ... anyhow, i don't."
"then we are not sweethearts.
i shan't kiss you, and you must just leavejim bates alone."
martin was humiliated.
he remained silent and angry during the nextminute.
by a quick turn in the conversation angèle had placed him in aposition of rivalry with another boy, one with whom she had notexchanged a word.
"look here," he said, after taking thought, "if i kiss your cheek, may ilick jim bates?"
this magnanimous offer was received with derision.
"i forbid you to do either.
if you do, i'll tell your father."
the child had discovered already the fear with which martin regarded thestern, uncompromising methodist yeoman--a fear, almost a resentment, dueto bolland's injudicious attempts to guide a mere boy into the path ofserious and precise religion.
never had martin found the daily readingof scripture such a burden as during the past few days.
the preparationsfor the feast, the cricket-playing, running and jumping of the boyspracticing for prizes--these disturbing influences interfered sadly withthe record of david's declining years.
even now, with angèle's sarcastic laughter ringing in his ears, he wascompelled to leave her and hurry to the front kitchen, where the farmerwas waiting with the bible opened.
at the back door he paused and lookedat her.
she blew him a kiss.
"mind you learn your lesson."
"and mind you keep away from those cowsheds.
your nurse ought to havebeen here.
it's tea time."
"i don't want any tea.
i'm going to smell the milk.
i love the smell ofa farmyard.
you have never smelt anything else.
every place has its own smell.
paris smells like smoky wood.
londonsmells of beer.
here there is always the smell of cows....""martin!"
called a harsh voice from the interior, and the boy perforcebrought his wandering wits to bear on the wrongdoing of david in takinga census of the people of israel.
he read steadily through the chapter which described how a pestilenceswept from dan to beersheba and destroyed seventy thousand men, allbecause david wished to know how many troops he could muster.
he could hear angèle talking to the maids and making them laugh.
acaravan lumbered through the street; he caught a glimpse of carvedwooden horses' heads and gilded moldings.
his quick and retentive brainmastered the words of the chapter, but to-day there was no mysteriousand soul-awakening glimpse of its spirit.
"what did david say te t' lord when t' angel smote t' people?"
saidbolland when the moment came to question his pupil.
"he said, 'lo, i have sinned; but what have these sheep done?'"
"and what sin had he deän?"
"i don't know.
i think the whole thing was jolly unfair."
john bolland laid down the bible and rested both hands on thearms of the chair to steady himself.
had he heard aright?
was the boydaring to criticize the written word?
but martin's brain raced ahead of the farmer's slow-rising wrath.
hetrembled at the abyss into which he had almost fallen.
what horror if helost an hour on this saturday, the saturday before the feast, of alldays in the year!
"i didn't quite mean that," he said, "but it doesn't say why it waswrong for a census to be taken, and it does say that when the angelstretched his hand over jerusalem the lord repented of the evil."
bolland bent again over the book.
yes, martin was right.
he was letterperfect.
"it says nowt about unfairness," growled the man slowly.
that was my mistake."
"ye mun tak' heed ageän misteäks o' that sort.
on monday we begin t'third book o' kings."
so, not even the feast would be allowed to interfere with the dailylesson.
angèle had departed with the belated françoise.
martin, running throughthe orchard like a hare, doubled to the main road along the lane.
in twominutes he was watching the unloading of the roundabout in front of the"black lion."
jim bates was there.
"here, i want you," said martin.
"you winked at angèle saumarezyesterday."
"winked at wheä?"
"at the young lady who lives at the elms."
"not afore she pulled a feäce at me."
"well, if you wink at her again i'll lick you."
"there's no 'mebbe' about it.
come down to the other end of the greennow, if you think i can't."
jim bates was no coward, but he was faced with the alternative ofyielding gracefully and watching the showmen at work or risking a defeatin a needless battle.
he chose the better part of valor.
"it's neän o' my business," he said.
"i deän't want te wink at t' youngleddy."
at the inn door mrs. atkinson's three little girls were standing withkitty thwaites, the housemaid.
the eldest, a bonnie child, whose fairskin was covered with freckles, ran toward martin.
"where hae ye bin all t' week?"
"are ye always wi' thatsaumarez girl?"
"i heerd tell she was at your pleäce all hours.
what beautiful frocksshe has, but i should be asheämed te show me legs like her."
"that's the way she dresses," said martin curtly.
is she fond of you?"
"how do i know?"
he tried to edge away.
evelyn tossed her head.
"oh, i don't care.
why should i?"
"there's no reason that i can tell."
"you soon forget yer friends.
on'y last whit monday ye bowt me a packetof chocolates."
there was truth in this.
martin quitted her sheepishly.
he drew nearsome men, one of whom was fred, the groom, and fred had been drinking,as a preliminary to the deeper potations of the coming week.
"ay, there she is!"
he muttered, with an angry leer at kitty.
"shethinks what's good eneuf fer t' sister is good eneuf fer her.
oad john bollan' sent 'im away wiv a flea i' t' lug a-tuesday.
i reckonhe'll hev one i' t' other ear if 'e comes after kitty."
one of the men grinned contemptuously.
"george pickerin' 'ud chuck you ower t' top o' t'hotel if ye said 'booh' to 'im."
but fred, too, grinned, blinking like an owl in daylight.
"them as lives t' longest sees t' meäst," he muttered, and walked towardthe stables, passing close to kitty, who looked through him withoutseeing him.
suddenly there was a stir among the loiterers.
mrs. saumarez was walkingthrough the village with mr. beckett-smythe.
behind the pair came thesquire's two sons and angèle.
the great man had called on the newvisitor to elmsdale, and together they strolled forth, while heexplained the festivities of the coming week, and told the lady thatthese "feasts" were the creation of an act of charles ii.
as a protestagainst the puritanism of the commonwealth.
martin stood at the side of the road.
mrs. saumarez did not notice him,but angèle did.
she lifted her chin and dropped her eyelids in cleverburlesque of elsie herbert, the vicar's daughter, but ignored himotherwise.
martin was hurt, though he hardly expected to be spoken to inthe presence of distinguished company.
but he could not help lookingafter the party.
angèle turned and caught his glance.
she put out hertongue.
he heard a mocking laugh and knew that evelyn atkinson was telling hersisters of the incident, whereupon he dug his hands in his pockets andwhistled.
a shooting gallery was in process of erection, and its glories soondispelled the gloom of angèle's snub.
the long tube was supported onstays, the target put in place, the gaudy front pieced together, andhalf a dozen rifles unpacked.
the proprietor meant to earn a few honestpennies that night, and some of the men were persuaded to try theirprowess.
martin was a born sportsman.
he watched the competitors so keenly thatangèle returned with her youthful cavaliers without attracting hisattention.
worse than that, evelyn atkinson, scenting the possibility ofrustic intrigue, caught martin's elbow and asked quite innocently why abell rang if the shooter hit the bull's-eye.
proud of his knowledge, he explained that there was a hole in the ironplate, and that no bell, but a sheet of copper, was suspended in the boxat the back where the lamp was.
both angèle and evelyn appreciated the situation exactly.
the boy alonewas ignorant of their tacit rivalry.
angèle pointed out martin to the beckett-smythes.
"he is such a nice boy," she said sweetly.
"i see him every day.
he canfight any boy in the village."
"hum," said the heir.
"how old is he?"
"i am fifteen."
angèle smiled like a seraph.
"he could twiddle you round--so," andshe spun one hand over the other.
"i'd like to see him try," snorted the aristocrat.
the opportunityoffered itself sooner than he expected, but the purring of ahigh-powered car coming through the village street caused thepedestrians to draw aside.
the car, a new and expensive one, was drivenby a chauffeur, but held no passengers.
mr. beckett-smythe gazed after it reflectively.
"well, i thought i knew every car in this district," he began.
"it is mine, i expect," announced mrs. saumarez.
"i've ordered one, andit should arrive to-day.
i need an automobile for an occasional longrun.
for pottering about the village lanes, i may buy a pony cart."
"what make is your car?"
inquired the squire.
i'm told it is by far the best at the price."
"it's the best german car, of course, but i can hardly admit that itequals the french, or even our own leading types."
"oh, i don't profess to understand these things.
i only know that mybanker advised me to buy none other.
he explained the matter simplyenough.
the german manufacturers want to get into the trade and arecontent to lose money for a year or so.
you know how pushful they are."
beckett-smythe saw the point clearly.
he was even then hesitatingbetween a panhard and an austin.
he decided to wait a little longer andascertain the facts about the mercedes.
a month later he purchased one.
mrs. saumarez's chauffeur, a smart young mechanic from bremen, who spokeenglish fluently, demonstrated that the buyer was given more than hismoney's worth.
the amiable briton wondered how such things could be, butwas content to benefit personally.
he, in time, spread the story.
germancars enjoyed a year's boomlet in that part of yorkshire.
with nearlyevery car came a smart young chauffeur mechanic.
surely, this was wisdompersonified.
they knew the engine, could effect nearly all road repairs,demanded less wages than english drivers, and were always civil andreliable.
"go-ahead people, these germans!"
was the general verdict.
an elmsdale sunday was a day of rest for man and beast alike.
therecould be no manner of doubt that the horses and dogs were able todistinguish the sabbath from the workaday week.
prince, six-year-oldcleveland bay, the strongest and tallest horse in the stable, when hisheadstall was taken off on sunday morning, showed his canny yorkshiresense by walking past the row of carts and pushing open a rickety gatethat led to a tiny meadow kept expressly for odd grazing.
after him, inindian file, went five other horses; yet, on any other day in the weekthey would stand patiently in the big yard, waiting to be led awaysingly or in pairs.
curly and jim, the two sheep-dogs--who never failed between monday andsaturday to yawn and stretch expectantly by the side of john bolland'ssturdy nag in the small yard near the house--on the seventh day madetheir way to the foreman's cottage, there attending his leisure for ascamper over the breezy moorland.
for, sunday or weekday, sheep must be counted.
if any are missing, thealmost preternatural intelligence of the collie is invoked to discoverthe hollow in which the lost ones are reposing helplessly on theirbacks.
they will die in a few hours if not placed on their legs again.
turn over unaided they cannot.
man or dog must help, or they choke.
even the cocks and hens, the waddling geese and ducks, the hugeshorthorns, which are the pride of the village, seemed to grasp thesubtle distinction between life on a quiet day and the well-filledexistence of the six days that had gone before.
at least, martin thoughtso; but he did not know then that the windows of the soul let inimageries that depend more on mood than on reality.
personally he hated sunday, or fancied he did.
he had sunday clothes,sunday boots, sunday food, a sunday face, and a sunday conscience.
things were wrong on sunday that were right during the rest of the week.
though the sky was as bright, the grass as green, the birds as tunefulon that day as on others, he was supposed to undergo a metamorphosisthroughout all the weary waking hours.
his troubles often began themoment he quitted his bed.
as his "best" clothes and boots were solittle worn, they naturally maintained a spick-and-span appearanceduring many months.
hence, he was given a fresh assortment about once ayear, and the outfit possessed three distinct periods of use, of whichthe first tortured his mind and the third his body.
he being a growing lad, the coat was made too long in the sleeves, thetrousers too long in the legs, and the boots too large.
at the beginningof this epoch he looked and felt ridiculous.
gradually, the effect ofroast beef and suet dumplings brought about a better fit, and duringfour months of the year he was fairly smart in appearance.
then therecame an ominous shrinkage.
his wrists dangled below the coat cuffs,there was an ever-widening rim of stocking between the tops of the bootsand the trousers' ends, while mrs. bolland began to grumble each weekabout the amount of darning his stockings required.
moreover, there werecertain quite insurmountable difficulties in the matter of buttons, andit was with a joy tempered only by fear of the grotesque that he beheldthe "best" suit given away to an urchin several sizes smaller thanhimself.
happily for his peace of mind, the feast occurred in the middle stage ofthe current supply of raiment, so he was as presentable as a peripatetictailor who worked in the house a fortnight at christmas could make him.
but this sunday dragged terribly.
the routine of chapel from 10:30 a.m.to noon, sunday-school from 3 p.m. to 4:30 p.m., and chapel again from6:30 p.m. to 8 p.m., was inevitable, but there were compensations in thewhispered confidences of jim bates and tommy beadlam, the latternicknamed "white head," as to the nature of some of the shows.
the new conditions brought into his life by angèle saumarez troubled himfar more than he could measure.
her mere presence in the secludedvillage carried a breath of the unknown.
her talk was of london andparis, of parks, theatres, casinos, luxurious automobiles, deck-cabins,and pullman cars.
she seemed to have lived so long and seen so much.
yetshe knew very little.
her ceaseless chatter in french and english, whichsounded so smart at first, would not endure examination.
she had read nothing.
when martin spoke of "robinson crusoe" and"ivanhoe," of "treasure island" and "the last of the mohicans"--aliterary medley devoured for incident and not for style--she had noteven heard of them, but produced for inspection an astonishingly rudecolored cartoon, the french comments on which she translated literally.
he was a boy aglow with dim but fervent ideals; she, a girl who hadevidently been allowed to grow up almost wild in the midst offashionable life and flippant servants, all exigencies being fulfilledwhen she spoke nicely and cleverly and wore her clothes with therequisite chic.
the two were as opposed in essentials as an honestenglish apple grown in a wholesome garden and a rare orchid, the productof some poisonous equatorial swamp.
he tried to interest her in the sights and sounds of country life.
shemet him more than halfway by putting embarrassing questions as to thehabits of animals.
more than once he told her plainly that there weresome things little girls ought not to know, whereat she laughedscornfully, but switched the conversation to a topic on which she couldvex him, as was nearly always the case in her references to elsieherbert or john bolland's bible teaching.
yet he was restless and irritable because he did not see her on thesunday.
mrs. saumarez, it is true, sped swiftly through the villageabout three o'clock, and again at half-past seven.
on each occasion theparticular chapel affected by the bollands was resounding with aloud-voiced hymn or echoing the vibrant tones of a preacher powerfulbeyond question in the matter of lungs and dogmatism.
the whir of themercedes shut off these sounds; but martin heard the passing of the carand knew that angèle was in it.
it was a novel experience for the misses walker to find that theirlodgers recognized no difference between sunday and the rest of theweek.
mrs. saumarez dined at 6:30 p.m., a concession of an hour and ahalf to rural habits, but she scouted the suggestion that a cold mealshould be served to enable the "girls" to go to church.
the old ladiesdared not quarrel with one who paid so well.
they remained at home andcooked and served the dinner.
as françoise, to a large extent, waited on her mistress, thisdevelopment might not have been noticed had not angèle's quick eyes seenmiss emmy walker carrying a chicken and a dish of french beans to asmall table in the hall.
she told her mother, and mrs. saumarez was annoyed.
she had informedmiss martha that if the servants required a "night out," the addition ofanother domestic to the household at her expense would give them a gooddeal more liberty, but this ridiculous "sunday-evening" notion must stopforthwith.
"it gets on my nerves, this british sabbath," she exclaimed peevishly.
"in london i entertain largely on a sunday and have never had anytrouble.
do you mean to say i cannot invite guests to dinner on sundaymerely to humor a cook or a housemaid?
miss martha promised reform.
"let her have her way," she said to miss emmy.
"another servant willhave nothing to do, and all the girls will grow lazy; but we must keepmrs. saumarez as long as we can.
oh, if she would only remain a year,we'd be out of debt, with the house practically recarpeted throughout!"
unfortunately, mrs. saumarez's nerves were upset.
she was snappy all theevening.
françoise tried many expedients to soothe her mistress'sruffled feelings.
she brought a bundle of illustrated papers, a parcelof books, the scores of a couple of operas, even a gorgeous assortmentof patterns of the new autumn dress fabrics, but each and all failed toattract.
for some reason the preternaturally acute angèle avoided hermother.
she seemed to be afraid of her when in this mood.
the misseswalker, seeing the anxiety of the maid and the unwonted retreat of thechild to bed at an early hour, were miserable at the thought that such atrivial matter should have given their wealthy tenant cause for direoffense.
so sunday passed irksomely, and everyone was glad when the next morningdawned in bright cheerfulness.
from an early hour there was evidence in plenty that the elmsdale feastwould be an unqualified success, though shorn of many of its ancientglories.
time was when the village used to indulge in a week's saturnalia, butthe march of progress had affected rural yorkshire even so long ago as1906. the younger people could visit leeds, york, scarborough, or whitbyby saturday afternoon "trips"--special excursion trains run at cheaprates--while "week-ends" in london were not unknown luxuries, and thesefrequent opportunities for change of scene and recreation had lessenedthe scope of the annual revels.
still, the trading instinct kept alivethe commercial side of the feast; the splendid hospitality of the northcountry asserted itself; church and chapels seized the chance ofreaching enlarged congregations, and a number of itinerant showmenregarded elmsdale as a fixture in the yearly round.
so, on the monday, every neighboring village and moorland hamlet pouredin its quota.
the people came on foot from the railway station, distantnearly two miles, on horseback, in every sort of conveyance.
the roadswere alive with cattle, sheep, and pigs.
the programme mapped out bore ageneral resemblance on each of the four days.
the morning was devoted tobusiness, the afternoon and evening to religion or pleasure.
the proceedings opened with a horse fair.
an agent of the germangovernment snapped up every cleveland bay offered for sale.
georgepickering, in sporting garb, and smoking a big cigar, was an earlyarrival.
he bid vainly for a couple of mares which he needed to completehis stud.
germany wanted them more urgently.
a splendid mare, the property of john bolland, was put up for auction.
the auctioneer read her pedigree, and proved its authenticity byreference to the stud book.
"is she in foal?"
asked pickering, and a laugh went around.
if a look could have slain the younger man he wouldassuredly have fallen dead.
the bidding commenced at £40 and rose rapidly to £60.
then pickering lost his temper.
the agent for germany was toopertinacious.
"seventy," he shouted, though the bids hitherto had mounted by singlesovereigns.
"seventy-one," said the agent.
nodded the agent.
"the reserve is off," interposed the auctioneer, and again thesurrounding farmers guffawed, as the mare had already gone to twentypounds beyond her value.
pickering swallowed his rage with an effort.
he turned to bolland.
"that's an offset for my hard words the other day," he said.
but the farmer thrust aside the proffered olive branch.
"once a fule, always a fule," he growled.
pickering, though anything buta fool in business, took the ungracious remark pleasantly enough.
"he ought to sing a rare hymn this afternoon," he cried.
"i've put ascore of extra sovereigns in his pocket, and he doesn't even say 'thankyou.'
well, it's the way of the world.
this invitation caused an adjournment to the "black lion."
theauctioneer knew his clients.
pickering's allusion to the hymn was not made without knowledge.
atthree o'clock, on a part of the green farthest removed from the throngedstalls and the blare of a steam-driven organ, bolland and a few otherearnest spirits surrounded the stentorian preacher and held an open-airservice.
they selected tunes which everybody knew and, as a result, soonattracted a crowd of older people, some of whom brought their children.
martin, of course, was in the gathering.
meanwhile, along the line of booths, a couple of leather-lunged men weresinging old-time ballads, dealing for the most part with sportingincidents.
they soon became the centers of two packed audiences, mainlyyoung men and boys, but containing more than a sprinkling of girls.
theditties were couched in "broad yorkshire"--sometimes too broad formodern taste.
whenever a particularly crude stanza was bawled forth achuckle would run through the audience, and coppers in plenty wereforthcoming for printed copies of the song, which, however, usually fellshort of the blunt phraseology of the original.
the raucous balladsingers took risks feared by the printer.
mrs. saumarez, leading angèle by the hand, thought she would like tohear one of these rustic melodies, and halted.
instantly the vendorchanged his cue.
the lady might be the wife of a magistrate.
once he gotfourteen days as a rogue and a vagabond at the instance of just suchanother interested spectator, who put the police in action.
quickly surfeited by the only half-understood humor of a song describingthe sale of a dead horse, she wandered on, and soon came across thepreacher and his lay helpers.
to her surprise she saw john bolland standing bareheaded in the frontrank, and with him martin.
she had never pictured the keen-eyed, crustyold farmer in this guise.
it amused her.
the minister began to offer upa prayer.
the men hid their faces in their hats, the women bowedreverently, and fervent ejaculations punctuated each pause in thepreacher's appeal.
"i do believe!"
"spare us, o lord!"
mrs. saumarez stared at the gathering with real wonderment.
"what are they doing, mamma?"
cried angèle, trying to guess why martinhad buried his eyes in his cap.
"they are praying, dearest.
it reminds one of the covenanters.
it reallyis very touching."
"who were the covenanters?"
"when you are older, ma belle, you will read of them in history."
that was mrs. saumarez's way.
she treated her daughter's education as amatter for governesses whom she did not employ and masters to whosecontrol angèle would probably never be entrusted.
the two entered the white house.
there they found mrs. bolland, radiantin a black silk dress, a bonnet trimmed with huge roses, and a velvetdolman, the wings of which were thrown back over her portly shoulders topermit her the better to press all comers to partake of her hospitality.
several women and one or two men were seated at the big table, whilepeople were coming and going constantly.
it flustered and gratified mrs. bolland not a little to receive such adistinguished visitor.
"eh, my leddy," she cried, "i'm glad to see ye.
will ye tek a chair?
andt' young leddy, too?
will ye hev a glass o' wine?"
this was the recognized formula.
there was a decanter of port wine onthe sideboard, but most of the visitors partook of tea or beer.
one ofthe men drew himself a foaming tankard from a barrel in the corner.
mrs. saumarez smiled wistfully.
"no wine, thank you," she said; "but that beer looks very nice.
i'llhave some, if i may."
not until that moment did mrs. bolland remember that her guest was areputed teetotaller.
so, then, mrs. atkinson, proprietress of the "blacklion," was mistaken.
"that ye may, an' welcome," she said in her hearty way.
angèle murmured something in french, but her mother gave a curt answer,and the child subsided, being, perhaps, interested by the evidentamazement and admiration she evoked among the country people.
to-day,angèle was dressed in a painted muslin, with hat and sash of the samematerial, long black silk stockings, and patent-leather shoes.
shelooked elegantly old-fashioned, and might have walked bodily out of oneof caran d'ache's sketches of french society.
suddenly she bounced up like an india-rubber ball.
"v'là mon cher martin!"
the prayer meeting had ended, and martin was speeding home, well knowingwho had arrived there.
angèle ran to meet him.
"she's a rale fairy," whispered mrs. summersgill, mistress of the daleend farm.
"she's rigged out like a pet doll."
"ay," agreed her neighbor.
"d'ye ken wheer they coom frae?"
"frae lunnon, i reckon.
they're staying wi' t' miss walkers.
that's t'muther, a mrs. saumarez, they call her, but they say she's a jarmanbaroness."
"well, bless her heart, she hez a rare swallow for a gill o' ale."
this was perfectly true.
the lady had emptied her glass with real gusto.
"i was so hot and tired," she said, with an apologetic smile at herhostess.
"now, i can admire your wonderful store of good things to eat,"and she focussed the display through gold-rimmed eyeglasses.
truly, the broad kitchen table presented a spectacle that would kill adyspeptic.
a cold sirloin, a portly ham, two pairs of chickens, threebrace of grouse--these solids were mere garnishings to dishes piled withcurrant cakes, currant loaves and plain bread cut and buttered, jamturnovers, open tarts of many varieties, "fat rascals," queen cakes,sponge cakes--battalions and army corps of all the sweet and toothsomearticles known to the culinary skill of the north.
"i'm feared, my leddy, they won't suit your taste," began mrs. bolland,but the other broke in eagerly:"oh, don't say that!
they look so good, so wholesome, so different fromthe french cooking we weary of in town.
if i were not afraid of spoilingmy dinner and earning a scolding from françoise i would certainly askfor some of that cold beef and a slice of bread and butter."
"tek my advice, ma'am, an' eat while ye're in t' humor," cried mrs.bolland, instantly helping her guest to the eatables named.
mrs. saumarez laughed delightedly and peeled off a pair of white kidgloves.
she ate a little of the meat and crumbled a slice of bread.
mrs. bolland refilled the glass with beer.
then the lady made herself generally popular by asking questions.
didthey use lard or butter in the pastry?
how was the sponge cake made solight?
what a curious custom it was to put currants into plain dough;she had never seen it done before.
were the servants able to do thesethings, or had they to be taught by the mistress of the house?
sheamused the women by telling of the airs and graces of london domestics,and evoked a feeling akin to horror by relating the items of the weeklybills in her town house.
"seven pund o' beäcan for breakfast i' t' kitchen!"
"wheä ivver heerd tell o' sike waste?"
"eh, ma'am," cried another, "but ye mun addle yer money aisy t' let 'emcarry on that gait."
martin, who found angèle in her most charming mood--unconsciouslypleased, too, that her costume was not so _outré_ as to run any risk ofcaustic comment by strangers--came in and asked if he might take heralong the row of stalls.
mrs. bolland had given him a shilling thatmorning, and he resolved magnanimously to let the shooting gallery wait;angèle should be treated to a shilling's worth of aught she fancied.
but mrs. saumarez rose.
"your mother will kill me with kindness, martin, if i remain longer,"she said.
"take me, too, and we'll see if the fair contains any toys."
she emptied the second glass of ale, drew on her gloves, bade thecompany farewell with as much courtesy as if they were so manycountesses, and walked away with the youngsters.
at one stall she bought martin a pneumatic gun, a powerful toy which thedealer never expected to sell in that locality.
at another she wouldhave purchased a doll for angèle, but the child shrugged her shouldersand declared that she would greatly prefer to ride on the roundaboutswith martin.
mrs. saumarez agreed instantly, and the pair mounted thehobby-horses.
among the children who watched them enviously were jim bates and evelynatkinson.
when the steam organ was in full blast and the horses wereflying round at a merry pace, mrs. saumarez bent over jim bates andplaced half a sovereign in his hand.
"go to the 'black lion,'" she said, "and bring me a bottle of the bestbrandy.
see that it is wrapped in paper.
i do not care to go myself to aplace where there are so many men."
jim darted off.
the roundabout slackened speed and stopped, but mrs.saumarez ordered another ride.
the whirl had begun again when batesreturned with a parcel.
"it was four shillin's, ma'am," he said.
"thank you, very much.
keep the change."
even evelyn atkinson was so awed by the magnitude of the tip that sheforgot for a moment to glue her eyes on angèle and martin.
but angèle, wildly elated though she was with the sensation of flight,and seated astride like a boy, until the tops of her stockings wereexposed to view, did not fail to notice the conclusion of jim bates'serrand.
"mamma will be ill to-night," she screamed in martin's ear.
"françoisewill be busy waiting on her.
i'll come out again at eight o'clock."
"you must not," shouted the boy.
"it will be very rough here then."
"c'la va--i mean, i know that quite well.
it'll be all the more jolly.
meet me at the gate.
i'll bring plenty of money."
"i can't," protested martin.
"but i'm supposed to be home myself at eight o'clock."
"if you don't come, i'll find some other boy.
frank beckett-smythe saidhe would try and turn up every evening, in case i got a chance to sneakout."
i'll be there."
martin intended to hurry her through the fair and take her home again.
if he received a "hiding" for being late, he would put up with it.
inany case, the squire's eldest son could not be allowed to steal hiswilful playmate without a struggle.
probably adam reasoned along similarlines when eve first offered him an apple.
be that as it may, it neveroccurred to martin that the third chapter of genesis could have theremotest bearing on the night's frolic.
mrs. saumarez and angèle returned to the elms, but martin had to foregoaccompanying them.
he knew that--with bible opened at the third book ofkings--john bolland was waiting in a bedroom, every downstairs apartmentbeing crowded.
he ran all the way along the village street and darted upstairs,striving desperately to avoid even the semblance of undue haste.
bollandwas thumbing the book impatiently.
he frowned over his spectacles.
"why are ye late?"
"mrs. saumarez asked me to walk with her through the village," answeredmartin truthfully.
t' wife telt me she was here."
the explanation served, and martin breathed more freely.
the readingcommenced:     "now king david was old and stricken in years; and they covered him     with clothes, but he gat no heat.
"wherefore his servants said unto him, let there be sought for my     lord the king a young virgin: and let her stand before the king,     and let her cherish him, and let her lie in thy bosom, that my lord     the king may get heat."
martin, with his mind in a tumult on account of the threatened escapade,did not care a pin what method was adopted to restore the feeblecirculation of the withered king so long as the lesson passed offsatisfactorily.
with rare self-control, he bent over the, to him, unmeaning page, andacquitted himself so well in the parrot repetition which he knew wouldbe pleasing that he ventured to say:"may i stay out a little later to-night, sir?"
you're better i' bed than gapin' at shows an' listenin' tedrunken men."
"i only ask because--because i'm told that mrs. saumarez's little girlmeans to see the fair by night, and she--er--would like me to be withher."
john bolland laughed dryly.
"mrs. saumarez'll soon hev more'n eneuf on't," he said.
"ay, lad, ye canstay wi' her, if that's all."
martin never, under any circumstances, told a downright lie, but hefeared that this was sailing rather too near the wind to be honest.
thenature of angèle's statement was so nebulous.
he could hardly explainoutright that mrs. saumarez was not coming--that angèle alone would bethe sightseer.
so he flushed, and felt that he was obtaining therequired permission by false pretense.
he could have pulled angèle'spretty ears for placing him in such a dilemma, but with a man so utterlyunsympathetic as bolland it was impossible to be quite candid.
he had clear ideas of right and wrong.
he knew it was wrong for angèleto come out unattended and mix in the scene of rowdyism which thevillage would present until midnight.
if she really could succeed inleaving the elms unnoticed, the most effectual way to stop her was togo now to her mother or to one of the misses walker and report herintention.
but this, according to the boy's code of honor, was to playthe sneak, than which there is no worse crime in the calendar.
hewould look after her himself.
there was a spice of adventure, too, inacting as the chosen squire of this sprightly damsel.
strong-minded ashe was, and resolute beyond his years, angèle's wilfulness, her quicktongue, the diablerie of her glance, the witchery of her elegant littleperson, captivated heart and brain, and benumbed the inchoate murmuringsof conscience.
oddly enough, he often found himself comparing her with elsie herbert, agirl with whom he had never exchanged a word, and angèle saumarezinvariably figured badly in the comparison.
the boy did not know thenthat he must become a man, perhaps soured of life, bitter withexperience, before he would understand the difference between respectand fascination.
with housewife prudence, mrs. bolland hailed him as he was passingthrough the back kitchen.
"noo, then, martin, don't ye go racketin' about too much in your bestclothes.
and mind your straw hat isn't blown off if ye go on one o' themwhirligigs."
"all right, mother," he said cheerfully, and was gone in a flash.
two hours must elapse before angèle could appear.
jim bates, who bore nomalice, stood treat in gingerbread and lemonade out of the largessebestowed by mrs. saumarez.
martin, carried away by sight of a championboxer who offered a sovereign to any local man under twelve stone whostood up to him for three two-minute rounds, spent sixpence in securingseats for himself and jim when the gage of combat was thrown down byhis gamekeeper friend.
there was a furious fight with four-ounce gloves.
the showman discoveredquickly that velveteens "knew a bit."
repeated attempts to "out" himwith "the right" on the "point" resulted in heavy "counters" on theribs, and a terrific uppercut failed because of the keeper's quicksight.
the proprietor of the booth, who acted as timekeeper, gave every favorto his henchman, but at the end of the third round the professional wasmore blown than the amateur.
the sovereign was handed over with apparentgood will, both showmen realizing that it might be money well spent.
andit was, as the black eyes and swollen lips among the would-be pugilistsof elmsdale testified for many days thereafter.
martin, who had never before seen a real boxing match, was entranced.
with a troop of boys he accompanied the two combatants to the door ofthe "black lion," where a fair proportion of the sovereign was soonconverted into beer.
george pickering had witnessed the contest.
generous to a fault, hestarted a purse to be fought for in rounds inside the booth.
wanting apencil and paper, he ran upstairs to his room--he had resolved to stayat the inn for a couple of nights--and encountered kitty thwaites on thestairs.
she carried a laden tray, so he slipped an arm around her waist, and shewas powerless to prevent him from kissing her unless she dropped thetray or risked upsetting its contents.
she had no intention of doingeither of these things.
"oh, go on, do!"
she cried, not averting her face too much.
he whispered something.
"besides, i won't have a minnit to spare tillclosin' time."
pickering hugged her again.
she descended the stairs, laughing and veryred.
the boys heard something of the details of the proposed elmsdalechampionship boxing competition.
entries were pouring in, there being nofee.
george pickering was appointed referee, and the professional namedas judge.
the first round would be fought at 3 p.m. next day.
the time passed more quickly than martin expected; as for his money, itsimply melted.
tenpence out of the shilling had vanished before herealized how precious little remained wherewith to entertain angèle.
shesaid she would have "plenty of money," but he imagined that a walkthrough the fair and a ride on the roundabout would satisfy her.
noteven at fourteen does the male understand the female of twelve.
a few minutes before eight he escaped from his companions and strolledtoward the elms.
the house was not like the suburban villa which standsin the center of a row and proudly styles itself oakdene.
it was hiddenin a cluster of lordly elms, and already the day was so far spent thatthe entrance gate was invisible save at a few yards' distance.
the nearest railway station was situated two miles along this very road.
a number of slow-moving country people were sauntering to the station,where the north train was due at 9:05 p.m. another train, that from thesouth, arrived at 9:20, and would be the last that night.
a full moonwas rising, but her glories were hidden by the distant hills.
there wasno wind; the weather was fine and settled.
the elmsdale feast was luckyin its dates.
martin waited near the gate and heard the church clock chime the hour.
two boys on bicycles came flying toward the village.
they were thebeckett-smythes.
they slackened pace as they neared the elms.
"wonder if she'll get out to-night?"
said ernest, the younger.
"there's no use waiting here.
she said she'd dodge out one evening forcertain.
if she's not in the village, we'd better skip back before we'remissed," said the heir.
"oh, that's all right.
pater thinks we're in the grounds, and therewon't be any bother if we show up at nine."
they rode on.
the quarter-hour chimed, and martin became impatient.
"she was humbugging me, as usual," he reflected.
"well, this time i'mpleased."
an eager voice whispered:"hold the gate!
it'll rattle when i climb over.
they've not heard me.
icrept here on the grass."
angèle had changed her dress to a dark-blue serge and sailor hat.
thiswas decidedly thoughtful.
in her day attire she must have attracted agreat deal of notice.
now, in the dark, neither the excellence of herclothing nor the elegance of her carriage would differentiate her toomarkedly from the village girls.
she was breathless with haste, but her tongue rattled on rapidly.
"mamma _is_ ill. i knew she would be.
i told françoise i had a headache,and went to bed.
then i crept downstairs again.
miss walker nearlycaught me, but she's so upset that she never saw me.
as for fritz, if imeet him--poof!"
"what's the matter with mrs.
"trop de cognac, mon chéri."
"it means a 'bit wobbly, my dear.'"
"is her head bad?"
it will be for a week.
but never mind mamma.
she'll be all right,with françoise to look after her.
you pay for everything.
there'sten shillings in silver.
i have a sovereign in my stocking, if we wantit."
they were hurrying toward the distant medley of sound.
flaring napthalamps gave the village street a rembrandt effect.
love-making couples,with arms entwined, were coming away from the glare of the booths.
theirforms cast long shadows on the white road.
"whatever do we want with tenshillings?"
"to enjoy ourselves, you silly.
you can't have any fun without money.
why, when mamma dines at the savoy and takes a party to the theaterafterwards, it costs her as many pounds.
i know, because i've seen thechecks."
"that has nothing to do with it.
we can't spend ten shillings here."
"oh, can't we?
you leave that to me.
mais, voyez-vous, imbécile, areyou going to be nasty?"
she halted and stamped an angry foot.
"no, i'm not; but----""then come on, stupid.
i'm late as it is."
"the stalls remain open until eleven."
what a row there'll be if i have to knock to get in!"
martin held his tongue.
he resolved privately that angèle should be homeat nine, at latest, if he dragged her thither by main force.
the affairpromised difficulties.
she was so intractable that a serious quarrelwould result.
well, he could not help it.
better a lasting break thanthe wild hubbub that would spring up if they both remained out till theheinous hour she contemplated.
in the village they encountered jim bates and evelyn atkinson,surrounded by seven or eight boys and girls, for jim was disposingrapidly of his six shillings, and evelyn bestowed favor on him for thenonce.
here's martin," whooped bates.
"i thowt ye'd gone yam (home).
where hev ye----"jim's eloquence died away abruptly.
he caught sight of angèle and wasabashed.
not so evelyn.
"martin's been to fetch his sweetheart," she said maliciously.
angèle simpered sufficiently to annoy evelyn.
then she laughedagreement.
and won't we have a time!
everybody have a ride."
she sprang toward the horses.
martin alone followed.
"martin will pay for the lot.
he has heaps ofmoney."
no second invitation was needed.
several times the whole party swunground with lively yelling.
from the roundabouts they went to the swings;from the swings to the cocoanut shies.
here they were joined by thebeckett-smythes, who endeavored promptly to assume the leadership.
martin's blood was fired by the contest.
he was essentially a boyforedoomed to dominate his fellows, whether for good or evil.
he pitchedrestraint to the winds.
he could throw better than either of the youngaristocrats; he could shoot straighter at the galleries; he coulddescribe the heroic combat between the boxer and velveteens; he wouldswing angèle higher than any, until they looked over the crossbar aftereach giddy swirl.
the beckett-smythes kept pace with him only in expenditure, jim batesbeing quickly drained, and even they wondered how long the village ladcould last.
the ten shillings were soon dissipated.
"i want that sovereign," he shouted, when angèle and he were ridingtogether again on the hobby-horses.
"i told you so," she screamed.
she turned up her dress to extricate themoney from a fold of her stocking.
the light flashed on her white skin,and frank beckett-smythe, who rode behind with one of the atkinsongirls, wondered what she was doing.
she bent over martin and whispered:"there are _two_!
keep the fun going!"
the young spark in the rear thought that she was kissing martin; he waswild with jealousy.
at the next show--that of a woman grossly fat, whoallowed the gapers to pinch her leg at a penny a pinch--he paid with hislast half-crown.
when they went to refresh themselves on ginger-beer,martin produced a sovereign.
the woman who owned the stall bit it,surveyed him suspiciously, and tried to swindle him in the change.
"eleven bottles at twopence and eleven cakes at a penny maketwo-and-nine.
i want two more shillings, please," he said coolly.
"be aff wid ye!
i gev ye seventeen and thruppence.
if ye thry anny uvyer tricks an me i'll be afther askin' where ye got the pound."
"give me two more shillings, or i'll call the police."
mrs. maguire was beaten; she paid up.
the crowd left her, with cries of "irish molly!"
andeven coarser expressions.
angèle screamed at her:"why don't you stick to ginger-beer?
the taunt stung, and the old irishwoman cursed her tormentor as ablack-eyed little witch.
angèle, seeing that martin carried all before him, began straightway toflirt with the heir.
at first the defection was not noted, but when sheelected to sit by frank while they watched the acrobats the new swaintook heart once more and squeezed her arm.
evelyn atkinson, who was in a smiling temper, felt that a crisis mightbe brought about now.
there was not much time.
it was nearly teno'clock, and soon her mother would be storming at her for not havingtaken herself and her sisters to bed, though, in justice be it said,the girls could not possibly sleep until the house was cleared.
ernest beckett-smythe was her cavalier at the moment.
"we've seen all there is te see," she whispered.
"let's go and have adance in our yard.
jim bates can play a mouth-organ."
ernest was a slow-witted youth.
"where's the good?"
"there's more fun here."
"you try it, an' see," she murmured coyly.
the suggestion caught on.
it was discussed while martin and jim bateswere driving a weight up a pole by striking a lever with a heavy hammer.
anything in the shape of an athletic feat always attracted martin.
angèle was delighted.
she scented a row.
these village urchins were impsafter her own heart.
"oh, let's," she agreed.
"it'll be a change.
i'll show you the americantwo-step."
frank had his arm around her waist now.
"evelyn, you and ernest lead the way."
the girl, flattered by being bracketed publicly with one of the squire'ssons, enjoined caution.
"once we're past t' stables it's all right," she said.
"i don't supposefred'll hear us, anyhow."
fred was at the front of the hotel watching the road, watching kittythwaites as she flitted upstairs and down, watching george pickeringthrough the bar window, and grinning like a fiend when he saw thatsomewhat ardent wooer, hilarious now, but sober enough according to hisstandard, glancing occasionally at his watch.
there was a gate on each side of the hotel.
that on the left led to theyard, with its row of stables and cart-sheds, and thence to a spaciousarea occupied by hay-stacks, piles of firewood, hen-houses, and all themiscellaneous lumber of an establishment half inn, half farm.
the gateon the right opened into a bowling-green and skittle-alley.
behind theselay the kitchen garden and orchard.
a hedge separated one section fromthe other, and entrance could be obtained to either from the back doorof the hotel.
the radiance of a full moon now decked the earth in silver and black; inthe shade the darkness was intense by contrast.
the church clock struckten.
half a dozen youngsters crept silently into the stable yard.
angèlekicked up a dainty foot in a preliminary _pas seul_, but evelyn stoppedher unceremoniously.
the village girl's sharp ears had caught footstepson the garden path beyond the hedge.
it was george pickering, with his arm around kitty's shoulders.
he wastalking in a low tone, and she was giggling nervously.
"they're sweetheartin'," whispered a girl.
"so are we," declared frank beckett-smythe.
"aren't we, angèle?"
i should think so.
we don't want him."
"oh, he will be furious.
there will be such a row when hegoes home, and he daren't go till he finds me."
master beckett-smythe experienced a second's twinge at thought of thegreeting he and his brother would receive at the hall.
but here wasangèle pretending timidity and cowering in his arms.
he would not leaveher now were he to be flayed alive.
the footsteps of pickering and kitty died away.
they had gone into theorchard.
evelyn atkinson breathed freely again.
"even if kitty sees us now, i don't care," she said.
"she daren't tellmother, when she knows that we saw her and mr. pickerin'.
he ought tohave married her sister."
"who heeds a domestic?"
someone came at a fast run into the yard, running in desperate haste,and making a fearful din.
two boys appeared.
the leader shouted:"angèle!
are you there?"
martin had missed her.
jim bates, who knew the chosen rendezvous of theatkinson girls, suggested that they and their friends had probably goneto the haggarth.
"shut up, you fool!"
"do you want the whole village toknow where we are?"
martin ignored him.
he darted forward and caught angèle by the shoulder.
he distinguished her readily by her outline, though she and the restwere hidden in the somber shadows of the outbuildings.
"why did you leave me?"
he demanded angrily.
"you must come home atonce.
it is past ten o'clock."
"don't be angry, martin," she pouted.
"i am just a little tired of thenoise.
i want to show you and the rest a new dance."
the minx was playing her part well.
she had read evelyn atkinson's soul.
she felt every throb of young beckett-smythe's foolish heart.
she wasquite certain that martin would find her and cause a scene.
there wasdeeper intrigue afoot now than the mere folly of unlicensed frolic inthe fair.
her vanity, too, was gratified by the leading rôle she filledamong them all.
the puppets bore themselves according to theirtemperaments.
evelyn bit her lip with rage and nearly yielded to a wildimpulse to spring at angèle and scratch her face.
martin was white withdetermination.
as for master frank, he boiled over instantly.
"you just leave her alone, young bolland," he said thickly.
"she camehere to please herself, and can stay here, if she likes.
i'll see tothat."
martin did not answer.
"angèle," he said quietly, "come away."
seeing that he had lived in the village nearly all his life, it waspassing strange that this boy should have dissociated himself socompletely from its ways.
but the early hours he kept, his love ofhorses, dogs, and books, his preference for the society of grooms andgamekeepers--above all, a keen, if unrecognized, love of nature in allher varying moods, an almost pagan worship of mountain, moor, andstream--had kept him aloof from village life.
a boy of fourteen does notindulge in introspection.
it simply came as a fearful shock to find thedaughter of a lady like mrs. saumarez so ready to forget her socialstanding.
surely, she could not know what she was doing.
he wasundeceived, promptly and thoroughly.
angèle snatched her shoulder from his grasp.
"don't you dare hold me," she snapped.
"i'm not coming.
i won't comewith you, anyhow.
ma foi, frank is far nicer."
"then i'll drag you home," said martin.
"oh, will you, indeed?
i'll see to that."
beckett-smythe deemed angèle a girl worth fighting for.
in any case,this clodhopper who spent money like a lord must be taught manners.
in his bemused brain the idea was gaining ground thatangèle would be flattered if he "licked" the squire's son for her sake.
"very well," he said, stepping back into the moonlight.
"we'll settle itthat way.
if _you_ beat _me_, angèle remains.
if _i_ beat _you_, shegoes home.
hold my coat and hat.
and, no matter what happens,mind you don't play for any dancing."
martin stated terms and issued orders like an emperor.
in the hour ofstress he felt himself immeasurably superior to this gang of urchins,whether their manners smacked of elmsdale or of eton.
angèle's acquaintance with popular fiction told her that at this stageof the game the heroine should cling in tears to the one she loved, andimplore him to desist, to be calm for her sake.
but the riot in herveins brought a new sensation.
there were possibilities hithertounsuspected in the darkness, the secrecy, the candid brutality of thefight.
she almost feared lest beckett-smythe should be defeated.
and how the other girls must envy her, to be fought for by the two boyspre-eminent among them, to be the acknowledged princess of this villagecarnival!
so she clapped her hands.
"o là là!"
"going to fight about poor little me!
well, ican't stop you, can i?"
"yes, you can," said one.
"she won't, anyhow," scoffed the other.
"are you ready?"
and the battle began.
they fought like a couple of young bulls.
frank intended to demolish hisrival at the outset.
he was a year older and slightly heavier, butmartin was more active, more sure-footed, sharper of vision.
above all,he had laid to heart the three-pennyworth of tuition obtained in theboxing booth a few hours earlier.
he had noted then that a boxer dodged as many blows with his head as hewarded with his arms.
he grasped the necessity to keep moving, and thusdisconcert an adversary's sudden rush.
again, he had seen the excellenceof a forward spring without changing the relative positions of the feet.
assuming you were sparring with the left hand and foot advanced, a quickjump of eighteen inches enabled you to get the right home with all yourforce.
you must keep the head well back and the eye fixed unflinchinglyon your opponent's.
above all, meet offense with offense.
hit hard andquickly and as often as might be.
these were sound principles, and he proceeded to put them intoexecution, to the growing distress and singular annoyance of masterbeckett-smythe.
ernest acted as referee--in the language of the village, he "saw fairplay"--but was wise enough to call "time" early in the first round, whenhis brother drew off after a fierce set-to.
the forcing tactics hadfailed, but honors were divided.
the taller boy's reach had told in hisfavor, while martin's newly acquired science redressed the balance.
martin's lip was cut and there was a lump on his left cheek, but frankfelt an eye closing and had received a staggerer in the ribs.
he wasaware of an uneasy feeling that if martin survived the next round he(frank) would be beaten, so there was nothing for it but to summon allhis reserves and deliver a napoleonic attack.
the enemy must be crushedby sheer force.
he was a plucky lad and was stung to frenzy by seeing angèle offermartin the use of a lace handkerchief for the bleeding lip, a delicatetenderness quietly repulsed.
so, when the rush came, martin had to fight desperately to avoidannihilation.
he was compelled to give way, and backed toward the hedge.
behind lay an unseen stackpole.
at the instant when beckett-smythelowered his head and endeavored to butt martin violently in the stomach,the latter felt the obstruction with his heel.
had he lost his nervethen or flickered an eyelid, he would have taken a nasty fall and asevere shaking.
as it was, he met the charge more than halfway, anddelivered the same swinging upper stroke which had nearly proved fatalto his gamekeeper friend.
it was wholly disastrous to beckett-smythe.
it caught him fairly on thenose, and, as the blow was in accord with the correct theory of dynamicsas applied to forces in motion, it knocked him silly.
his head flew up,his knees bent, and he dropped to the ground with a horrible feelingthat the sky had fallen and that stars were sparkling among the roughpaving-stones.
"that's a finisher.
exulted jim bates.
"no, he's not.
it was a chance blow," cried ernest, who was stronglyinclined to challenge the victor on his own account.
"get up, frank.
have another go at him!"
but frank, who could neither see nor hear distinctly, was too groggy torise, and the village girls drew together in an alarmed group.
suchviolent treatment of the squire's son savored of sacrilege.
they weresure that martin would receive some condign punishment by the law forpummeling a superior being so unmercifully.
angèle, somewhat frightened herself, tried to console her discomfitedchampion.
"i'm so sorry," she said.
"it was all my fault."
"oh, go away!"
"ernest, where's there a pump?"
assisted by his brother, he struggled to his feet.
his nose was bleedingfreely and his face was ghastly in the moonlight.
but he was a spiritedyoungster.
he held out a hand to martin.
"i've had enough just now," he said, with an attempt at a smile.
"someother day, when my eye is all right, i'd like to----"a woman's scream of terror, a man's cry of agony, startled the silentnight and nearly scared the children out of their wits.
someone came running up the garden path.
it was kitty thwaites.
sheswayed unsteadily as she ran; her arms were lifted in franticsupplication.
"oh, betsy, betsy, you've killed him!"
for god's sake, come!"
she stumbled and fell, shrieking frenziedly for help.
another woman--awoman whose extended right hand clutched a long, thin knife such as isused to carve game--appeared from the gloom of the orchard.
her wan facewas raised to the sky, and a baleful light shone in her eyes.
"ay, i'll swing for him," she cried in a voice shrill with hysteria.
"may the lord deal wi' him as he dealt wi' me!
and my own sister, too!
out on ye, ye strumpet!
'twould sarve ye right if i stuck ye wi' t' sameknife."
with a clatter of ironshod boots, most of the frightened childrenstampeded out of the stable yard.
martin, to whom angèle clung inspeechless fear, and the two beckett-smythes alone were left.
the din of steam organ and drums, the ceaseless turmoil of the fair, theconstant fusillade at the shooting gallery, and the bawling of men incharge of the various sideshows, had kept the women's shrieks from otherears thus far.
but kitty thwaites, though almost shocked out of hersenses, gained strength from the imminence of peril.
springing up fromthe path just in time to avoid the vengeful oncoming of her sister, shestaggered toward the hotel and created instant alarm by her cries of"murder!
george pickering has been stabbed!"
a crowd of men poured out from bar and smoking-room.
one, who tookthought, rushed through the front door and snatched a naphtha lamp froma stall.
meanwhile, the three boys and the girl on the other side ofthe hedge, seeing and hearing everything, but unseen and unheardthemselves, took counsel in some sort.
"i say," ernest beckett-smythe urged his brother, "let's get out ofthis.
father will thrash us to death if we're mixed up in thisbusiness."
the advice was good.
frank forgot his dizziness for the moment, and thetwo raced to secure their bicycles from a stall-holder's care.
they rodeaway to the hall unnoticed.
martin remained curiously quiet.
all the excitement had left him.
ifelmsdale were rent by an earthquake just then, he would have watched thetoppling houses with equanimity.
"i suppose you don't wish to stop here now?"
he said to angèle.
the girl was sobbing bitterly.
her small body shook as though each gulpwere a racking cough.
she could not answer.
he placed his arm around herand led her to the gate.
while they were crossing the yard the peoplefrom the hotel crowded into the garden.
the man with the lamp hadreached the back of the house across the bowling green, and a stalwartfarmer had caught betsy thwaites by the wrist.
the blood-stained knifefell from her fingers.
she moaned helplessly in disjointed phrases.
"it's all overed now.
god help me!
why was i born?"
already a crowd was surging into the hotel through the front door.
martin guided his trembling companion to the right; in a few stridesthey were clear of the fair, only to run into mrs. saumarez's germanchauffeur.
he was not in uniform; in a well-fitting blue serge suit and straw hat,he looked more like a young officer in mufti than a mechanic.
he was thefirst to recognize angèle, and was so frankly astonished that he bowedto her without lifting his hat.
he cried, seemingly at a loss for other words.
angèle recovered her wits at once.
she said something which martin couldnot understand, though he was sure it was not in french, as the girl'sfrequent use of that language was familiarizing his ears with itssounds.
as a matter of fact, she spoke german, telling the chauffeur tomind his own business, and she would mind hers; but if any talking weredone her tongue might wag more than his.
at any rate, the man did then raise his hat politely and walk on.
theremainder of the road between elmsdale and the elms was deserted.
martinhardly realized the pace at which he was literally dragging hiscompanion homeward until she protested.
"martin, you're hurting my arm!
what's the hurry?...
did she really killhim?"
"she said so.
i don't know," he replied.
"who was she?"
"kitty thwaites's sister, i suppose.
i never saw her before.
they werenot bred in this village."
"and why did she kill him?"
"how can i tell?"
"she had a knife in her hand."
"perhaps she killed him because she was jealous."
"martin, don't be angry with me.
i didn't mean any harm.
i was onlyhaving a lark.
i did it just to tease you--and evelyn atkinson."
"that's all very fine.
what will your mother say?"
the quietude, the sound of her own voice, were giving the girl courage.
she tossed her head with something of contempt.
"she can say nothing.
you leave her to me.
you saw how i shut fritz'smouth.
what was the name of the man who was killed?"
he walked down the garden with kitty thwaites."
when i get in i can tell miss walker and françoise all about it.
they will be so excited.
there will be no fuss about me being out.
v'làla bonne fortune!"
"speak english, please."
"well, it is good luck i was there.
i can make up such a story."
"good luck that a poor fellow should be stabbed!"
"that wasn't my fault, was it?
"i won't kiss you.
run in, now.
i'll wait till the door opens."
"then _i'll_ kiss _you_.
i like you better than all theworld--just now."
she opened the gate, careless whether it clanged or not.
martin heardher quick footsteps on the gravel of the short drive.
she rattled loudlyon the door.
he did not answer.
there was some delay.
evidently she had not beenmissed.
"are you there?"
she was impatient of his continued coldness.
"then why don't you speak, silly?"
the door opened with the clanking of a chain.
there was a woman'sstartled cry as the inner light fell on angèle.
then he turned.
not until he reached the "black lion" and its well-lighted area did herealize that he was coatless and hatless.
jim bates had vanished withboth of these necessary articles.
well, in for a penny, in for a pound!
there would be a fearful row, and the thrashing would be the same in anycase.
he avoided the crowd, keeping to the darker side of the street.
apoliceman had just come out of the inn and was telling the people to goaway.
all the village seemed to have gathered during the few minuteswhich had elapsed since the tragedy took place.
he felt strangely sorryfor betsy thwaites.
would she be locked up, handcuffed, with chains onher ankles?
what would they do with the knife?
why should she want tokill mr. pickering?
wouldn't he marry her?
even so, that was no reasonhe should be stabbed.
where did she stick him?
did he quiver likeabsalom when joab thrust the darts into his heart?
at last he ran up the slight incline leading to the white house; therewas a light in the front kitchen.
for one awful moment he paused, with afinger on the sneck; then he pressed the latch and entered.
john bolland, grim as a stone gargoyle, wearing his sunday coat andold-fashioned tall hat, was leaning against the massive chimneypiece.
mrs. bolland, with bonnet awry, was seated.
she had been crying.
afrightened kitchenmaid peeped through the passage leading to the back ofthe house when the door opened to admit the truant.
then she vanished.
there was a period of chill silence while martin closed the door.
heturned and faced the elderly couple, and john bolland spoke:"so ye've coom yam, eh?"
"an' at a nice time, too.
afther half-past ten!
an hour sen yer mutheran' me searched high and low for ye.
where hev ye bin?
tell t' truth,ye young scamp.
every lie'll mean more skin off your back."
mrs. bolland, drying her eyes, now that martin had returned, noticed hisdisheveled condition.
his face was white as his shirt, and both weresmeared with blood.
a wave of new alarm paled her florid cheeks.
she ranto him.
"for mercy's sake, boy, what hev ye bin doin'?
are ye hurt?"
"no, mother, not hurt.
i fought frank beckett-smythe.
that is all."
"t' squire's son.
why on earth----""go to bed, martha," said john, picking up a riding whip.
but mrs.bolland's sympathies discerned a deeper reason for martin's escapadethan a mere boyish frolic which deserved a thrashing.
he was unnaturallycalm.
something out of the common had happened.
he did not flinch at thesight of the whip.
"john," she said sternly, "ye shan't touch him t'-night."
"stand aside, martha.
if all my good teachin' is of no avail----""mebbe t' lad's fair sick o' yer good teachin'.
you lay a hand on him atyer peril.
if ye do, i don't bide i' t' house this night!"
never before, during thirty years of married life, had martha bollanddefied her husband.
he glowered with anger and amazement.
"would ye revile the word te shield that spawn o' satan?"
"get away, woman, lest i do thee an injury."
but his wife's temper was fierce as his own when roused.
she was ameynell, and there have been meynells in yorkshire as long as anybollands.
"tak' yer threats te those who heed 'em," she retorted bitterly.
"d'yethink folk will stand by an' let ye raise yer hand te me?...
david,william, mary, coom here an' hold yer master.
he's like te have a fitwi' passion."
there was a shuffling in the passage.
the men servants, such as happenedto be in the house, came awkwardly at their mistress's cry.
the farmerstood spellbound.
what devil possessed the household that his authorityshould be set at naught thus openly?
it was a thrilling moment, but martin solved the difficulty.
he wrenchedhimself free of mrs. bolland's protecting arms.
"don't quarrel on my account.
if i must bebeaten, i don't care.
i'll take all i get.
but it's only fair that ishould say why i was not home earlier."
now, john bolland, notwithstanding his dealing in the matter of thepedigree cow, prided himself on his sense of justice.
indeed, the manwho does the gravest injury to his fellows is often cursed with anarrow-minded certainty of his own righteousness.
moreover, this matterhad gone beyond instant adjustment by the unsparing use of a whip.
hiswife, his servants, were arrayed against him.
by the lord, they shouldrue it!
"aye," he said grimly.
"tell your muther why you've been actin' t'blackguard.
mebbe she'll understand."
mrs. bolland had the sense to pass this taunt unheeded.
her heart wasquailing already at her temerity.
"angèle saumarez came out without her mother," said martin.
"mrs.saumarez is ill. i thought it best to remain with her and take her homeagain.
frank beckett-smythe joined us, and he--he--insulted her, in away.
so i fought him, and beat him, too.
and then george pickering wasmurdered----""what?"
bolland dropped the whip on the table.
his wife sank into a chair with acry of alarm.
the plowmen and maids ventured farther into the room.
eventhe farmer's relentless jaw fell at this terrific announcement.
"yes, it is quite true.
frank and i fought in the yard of the 'blacklion.'
george pickering and kitty thwaites went down the garden--atleast, so i was told.
i didn't see them.
but, suddenly, kitty camescreaming along the path, and after her a woman waving a long knife inthe air.
kitty called her 'betsy,' and said she had killed georgepickering.
she said so herself.
i heard her.
then some men came with alight and caught hold of betsy.
she was going to stab kitty, too, ithink; and jim bates ran away with my coat and hat, which he washolding."
the effect of such a narration on a gathering of villagers, law-abidingfolk who lived in a quiet nook like elmsdale, was absolutely paralyzing.
john bolland was the first to recover himself.
a man of few ideas, hecould not adjust his mental balance with sufficient nicety to see thatthe tragedy itself in no wise condoned martin's offense.
"are ye sure of what ye're sayin', lad?"
he demanded, though indeed hefelt it was absurd to imagine that such a tale would be invented as amere excuse.
"quite sure, sir.
if you walk down to the 'black lion,' you'll see allthe people standing round the hotel and the police keeping them back."
"well, well, i'll gan this minit.
george pickerin' was no friend o'mine, but i'm grieved te hear o' sike deeds as these in oor village.
iwas maist angered wi' you on yer muther's account.
she was grievin' sowhen we failed te find ye.
she thowt sure you were runned over ordrownded i' t' beck."
this was meant as a graceful apology to his wife, and was taken in thatspirit.
never before had he made such a concession.
"here's yer stick, john," she said.
"hurry and find out what's happened.
i wish my tongue hadn't run so fast t' last time i seedhim."
bolland and the other men hastened away, and martin was called on torecount the sensational episode, with every detail known to him, forthe benefit of the household.
no one paid heed to the boy's ownadventures.
all ears were for the vengeance taken by betsy thwaites onthe man who jilted her.
even to minds blunted almost to callousness, the_crime passionel_ had a vivid, an entrancing interest.
the women werequick to see its motive, a passive endurance stung to sudden frenzy bythe knowledge that the faithless lover was pursuing the younger sister.
but how did betsy thwaites, who lived in far-off hereford, learn thatgeorge pickering was "making up" to kitty?
the affair was of recentgrowth.
indeed, none of those present was aware that pickering and thepretty maid at the "black lion" were so much as acquainted with eachother.
and where did betsy spring from?
she could not have been stayingin the village, or someone aware of her history must have seen her.
didkitty know she was there?
if so, how foolish of the younger woman to beout gallivanting in the moonlight with pickering.
the whole story was fraught with deepest mystery.
martin could notanswer one-tenth of the questions put to him.
boy-like, he felt himselfsomewhat of a hero, until he remembered angèle's glee at the "good luck"of the occurrence--how she would save herself from blame by telling misswalker and françoise "all about it."
he flushed deeply.
he wished now that bolland had given him a hidingbefore he blurted out his news.
"bless the lad, he's fair tired te death!"
said mrs. bolland.
"here,martin, drink a glass o' port an' off te bed wi' ye."
he sipped the wine, wondering dimly what frank beckett-smythe wasenduring and how he would explain that black eye.
he was about to goupstairs, when hasty steps sounded without, and bolland entered with apoliceman.
this was the village constable, and, of course, well known to all.
during the feast other policemen came from neighboring villages, but thelocal officer was best fitted to conduct inquiries into a case requiringmeasures beyond a mere arrest.
his appearance at this late hour createda fresh sensation.
"martin," said the farmer gravely, "did ye surely hear kitty thwaitessay that betsy had killed mr.
"yes, sir; i did."
"and ye heerd betsy admit it?"
"oh, yes--that is, if betsy is the woman with the knife."
said bolland, turning to the policeman.
"i telt ye so.
t' ladhas his faults, but he's nae leear; i'll say that for him."
the man took off his helmet and wiped his forehead, for the night wasclose and warm.
"well," he said, "i'll just leave it for the 'super' te sattle.
mr.pickerin' sweers that betsy never struck him.
she ran up tiv him wi' t'knife, an' they quarrelled desperately.
that he don't deny.
shethreatened him, too, an' te get away frev her he was climin' inte t'stackyard when he slipped, an' a fork lyin' again' t' fence ran intivhis ribs."
"isn't he dead, then?"
exclaimed mrs. bolland shrilly.
"not he, ma'am, and not likely te be.
he kem to as soon as he swallowedsome brandy, an' his first words was, 'where's betsy?'
he was fair wildwhen they telt him she was arrested.
he said it was all the fault ofthat flighty lass, kitty, an' that a lot of fuss was bein' made aboutnowt.
i didn't know what te deä.
beäth women were fair ravin', and saidall soarts o' things, but t' upshot is that betsy is nussin' mr.pickerin' now until t' doctor comes frae nottonby."
he still mopped his head, and his glance wandered to the goodly cask inthe corner.
"will ye hev a pint?"
"ay, that i will, mr. bolland, an' welcome."
"an' a bite o' bread an' meat?"
added mrs. bolland.
"i doan't min' if i do, ma'am."
a glance at a maid produced eatables with lightning speed.
mary fearedlest she should miss a syllable of the night's marvels.
the policeman had many "bites," and talked while he ate.
gradually thestory became lucid and consecutive.
fred, the groom, was jealous of pickering's admiration for kitty.
havingoverheard the arrangement for a meeting on monday, he wrote to betsy,sending her the information in the hope that she would come fromhereford and cause a commotion at the hotel.
he expected her by an earlier train, but she did not arrive until 9:20p.m., and there was a walk of over two miles from the station.
meanwhile, he had seen kitty and pickering steal off into the garden.
heknew that any interference on his part would earn him a prompt beating,so, when betsy put in a belated appearance, he met her in the passageand told her where she would find the couple.
instantly she ran through the kitchen, snatching a knife as she went.
before the drink-sodden meddler could realize the extent of the mischiefhe had wrought, kitty was shrieking that pickering was dead.
all this heblurted out to the police before the injured man gave another version ofthe affair.
"martin bears out one side o' t' thing," commented the constableoracularly, "but t' chief witness says that summat else happened.
therewas blood on t' knife when it was picked up; but there, again, there's adoubt, as betsy had cut her own arm wi't.
anyhow, betsy an' kitty werecryin' their hearts out when they kem out of mr. pickerin's room fortowels; and he's bleedin' dreadful."
this final gory touch provided an artistic curtain.
the constablereadjusted his belt and took his departure.
after another half-hour's eager gossip among the elders, in which fredsuffered much damage to his character, martin was hurried off to bed.
mrs. bolland washed his bruised face and helped him to undress.
she wasfolding his trousers, when a shower of money rattled to the floor.
"marcy on us!"
she cried in real bewilderment, "here's a sovereign, ahalf-sovereign, an' silver, an' copper!
martin, my boy, whatever....""angèle gave it to me, mother.
she gave me two pounds ten to spend."
"two pund ten!"
i suppose it was very wrong.
i'll give back all that is left tomrs. saumarez in the morning."
martha bolland was very serious now.
she crept to the door of thebedroom and listened.
"i do hope yer father kens nowt o' this," she whispered anxiously.
then she counted the money.
"you've spent sixteen shillin's and fowerpence, not reckonin' t'shillin' i gev ye this mornin'.
seventeen an' fowerpence!
martin,martin, whatever on?"
such extravagance was appalling.
her frugal mind could not assimilate itreadily.
this sum would maintain a large family for a week.
"we stood treat to a lot of other boys and girls.
but don't be vexedto-night, mother, dear.
i'm so tired."
what'll mrs. saumarez say?
there'll be a bonny row i' t'mornin'.
you tak' it back t' first thing.
if she sez owtabout t' balance, come an' tell me an' i'll make it up.
you fond lad; ifjohn knew this, he'd never forgive ye.
there, honey, go te sleep."
there were tears in her eyes as she bent and kissed him.
but he wasincapable of further emotion.
he was half asleep ere she descended thestairs, and his last sentient thought was one of keen enjoyment, for hisknuckles were sore when he closed his right hand, and he remembered thesmashing force of that uppercut as it met the aristocratic nose ofmaster beckett-smythe.
martin was awakened by the rays of a bright autumn sun.
he sprang out ofbed in a jiffy, lest he should be late for breakfast, a heinous offenseat the farm; but the sight of william feeding the pigs in the yardbeneath told him that it was only half-past six.
the first puzzle that presented itself was one of costume.
should hewear his commonplace corduroys, or don all that was left of his graytweeds?
during the feast he was supposed to dress in his best each day;he decided to obey orders as far as was possible.
he missed the money from his trousers pocket and knew that his motherhad taken it.
also, he found that she had selected a clean shirt andcollar from the drawer and placed them ready for use.
by degrees hisactive brain recalled the startling events of the previous evening intheir proper sequence, and he found himself speculating more on thereception mrs. saumarez might accord than on the attitude john bollandwould certainly adopt when the overnight proceedings arranged themselvesin a slow-moving mind.
he was downstairs long before seven.
the farmer was out.
mrs. bolland,immersed in the early cares of the household, showed no traces of theexcitement of eight hours earlier.
"martin," she cried as soon as she caught sight of him, "i heerd a hencluckin' a bit sen at t' bottom o' t' garth.
just look i' t' hedge an'see if she's nestin'?"
this was a daily undertaking in a house where poultry were plentiful assparrows in piccadilly.
martin hailed the mission as a sign that normal times were come again.
agate led into the meadow from the garden, but to go that way meantwalking twenty yards or more, so the boy took a running jump, caught astout limb of a pear tree, swung himself onto a ten-foot pile of wood,and dropped over into the field beyond.
mrs. bolland witnessed the feat with some degree of alarm.
in the courseof a few hours she had come to see her adopted son passing fromchildhood into vigorous adolescence.
"drat that lad!"
she cried irately.
"does he want to break his neck?"
"he larnt that trick t' other day, missus," commented william, standingall lopsided to balance a huge pail of pig's food.
"he'll mek a rarechap, will your martin."
"he's larnin' a lot o' tricks that i ken nowt about," cried mistressmartha.
"nice doin's there was last night.
how comes it none o' you mensaw him carryin' on i' t' fair wi' that little french la-di-dah?"
"i dunno, ma'am."
william grinned, though, for some of the men had noted the children'santics, and none would "split" to the farmer.
"but i did hear as how martin gev t' squire's son a fair weltin'," hewent on.
"one o' t' grooms passed here an oor sen, exercisin' a younghoss, an' he said that beäth young gentlemen kem yam at half-past ten.
master frank had an eye bunged up, an' a nose like a bad apple.
he wasthat banged about that t' squire let him off a bastin' an' gev t' other adouble allowance."
mrs. bolland smiled.
"gan on wi' yer wark," she said.
"here's it's seven o'clock, half t' daygone, an' nothin' done."
martin, searching for stray eggs, suddenly heard a familiar whistle.
helooked around and saw jim bates's head over the top of the lane hedge.
jim held up a bundle.
"here's yer coat an' hat," he said.
"i dursent bring 'em last neet."
"why did you run away?"
inquired martin, approaching to take hisproperty.
"i was skeert.
yon woman's yellin' was awful.
i went straight off yam."
"did you catch it for being out late?"
"noa; but feyther gev me a clout this mornin' for not tellin' him aboutt' murder.
he'd gone te bed."
"nobody was murdered," said martin.
"that wasn't betsy's fault.
it's all my eye about mr. pickerin' stickin'a fork into hisself.
there was noa fork there."
"how do you know?"
"coss i was pullin' carrots all saturday mornin' for mrs. atkinson, an'if there'd bin any fork i should ha' seen it."
"martin," cried a shrill voice from the garth, "is that lookin' fereggs?"
jim bates's head and shoulders shot out of sight instantaneously.
"all right, mother, i'm only getting back my lost clothes," explainedmartin.
he began a painstaking survey of the hedge bottom and wasrewarded by the discovery of a nest of six hidden away by a hen anxiousto undertake the cares of maternity.
at breakfast john bolland was silent and severe.
he passed but oneremark to martin:"happen you'll be wanted some time this mornin'.
stop within hail untilmr. benson calls."
mr. benson was the village constable.
"what will he want wi' t' lad?"
inquired mrs. bolland tartly.
"martin is t' main witness i' this case o' pickerin's.
kitty thwaitesisn't likely te tell t' truth.
women are main leears when there's a mani' t' business."
"more fools they."
"well, let be.
i'm fair vexed that martin's neäm should be mixed up i'this affair.
fancy the tale that'll be i' t' _messenger_--john bolland'sson fightin' t' young squire at ten o'clock o' t' neet in t' 'blacklion' yard--fightin' ower a lass.
what ailed him i cannot tell.
he mustha' gone clean daft."
the farmer pushed back his chair angrily, and mrs. bolland wondered whathe would say did he know of martin's wild extravagance.
mother and sonwere glad when john picked up a riding-whip and lumbered out to mountsam, the pony, for an hour's ride over the moor.
evidently, he had encountered benson before breakfast, as that worthyofficer arrived at half-past ten and asked martin to accompany him.
the two walked solemnly through the fair, in which there was alreadysome stir.
a crowd hanging around the precincts of the inn made way asthey approached, and martin saw, near the door, two saddled horses incharge of a policeman.
he was escorted to an inner room, receiving a tremulous, but gracious,smile from evelyn as he passed.
to his very genuine astonishment andalarm, he was confronted not only by the district superintendent ofpolice but also by mr. frank reginald de courcy beckett-smythe, themagnate of the hall.
"this is the boy, your wuship," said benson.
what is his name?"
"martin court bolland, sir."
"one of john bolland's sons, eh?"
mr. bolland has no son.
he adopted this lad some thirteenyears ago."
had a bolt from the blue struck martin at that moment he could not havebeen more dumbfounded.
both john and martha had thought fit to keep thesecret of his parentage from his knowledge until he was older, as thefact might tend to weaken their authority during his boyhood.
the adultsin elmsdale, of course, knew the circumstances thoroughly, and respectedmr. and mrs. bolland's wishes, while the children with whom he grew upregarded him as village-born like themselves.
it took a good deal to bring tears to martin's eyes, but they wereperilously near at that instant.
though the words almost choked him, hefaltered:"is that true, mr.
it's true eneuf, lad.
didn't ye know?"
"no, they never told me."
a mist obscured his sight.
the presence of the magistrate andsuperintendent ceased to have any awe-inspiring effect.
what disgracewas this so suddenly blurted out by this stolid policeman?
whose childwas he, then, if not theirs?
could he ever hold up his head again inface of the youthful host over which he lorded it by reason of hisadvanced intelligence and greater strength?
there was comfort in thethought that no one had ever taunted him in this relation.
the veiledhint in pickering's words to the farmer was the only reference he couldrecall.
benson seemed to regard the facts as to his birth as matters of commonknowledge.
perhaps there was some explanation which would lift him fromthe sea of ignominy into which he had been pitched so unexpectedly.
he was aroused by mr. beckett-smythe saying:"now, my lad, was it you who fought my son last night?"
"yes--sir," stammered martin.
the question sharpened his wits to some purpose.
a spice of dread helpedthe process.
was he going to be tried on some dire charge of maliciousassault?
"hum," muttered the squire, surveying him with a smile.
"a propertrouncing you gave him, too.
i shall certainly thrash him now forpermitting it.
what was the cause of the quarrel?"
"about a girl, sir."
"you young rascals!
"perhaps it was all my fault, sir."
"that is not answering my question."
"i would rather not tell, sir."
then mr. beckett-smythe leaned back in his chair and laughed heartily.
"'pon my honor," he said to the superintendent, "these young sparks areprogressive.
they don't care what happens, so long as the honor of thelady is safeguarded.
my son refused point-blank to say even why hefought.
well, well, martin, i see you did not come out of the frayscatheless; but you are not brought here because you decorated frank'singenuous countenance.
i want you to tell me exactly what took place inthe garden when mr. pickering was wounded."
somewhat reassured, martin told all he knew, which was not a great deal.
the magistrate, who, of course, was only assisting the police inquiry,was perplexed.
"there were others present?"
master frank and master ernest----""master frank could not see much at the moment, eh?"
"but ernest--surely, he might have noted something that you missed?"
"i think not, sir.
he was--er--looking after his brother."
"and the other children?"
"several boys and girls of the village, but they were frightened by thescreaming, sir, and ran away."
"including the young lady who caused the combat?"
martin thought it best to leave the point open.
again mr.beckett-smythe laughed.
"i suppose this village belle is one of mrs. atkinson's daughters.
i never heard tell of such a thing.
all right, martin, you can go now,but let me give you a parting word of advice.
never again fight for awoman, unless to protect her from a blackguard, which, i presume, washardly the cause of the dispute with frank."
"i don't think he was to blame at all, sir."
here's a half-crown to plaster thatdamaged lip of yours."
left to themselves, the magistrate and superintendent discussed theadvisability of taking proceedings against betsy thwaites.
"i'm sure pickering made up his story in order to screen the woman,"said the police officer.
"a rusty fork was found in the stackyard, butit was thirty feet away from the nearest point of the track made by thedrops of blood, and separated from the garden by a stout hedge.
moreover, pickering and kitty were undoubtedly standing in the orchard,many yards farther on.
then, again, the girl was collared by thomasmetcalfe, of the leas farm, and the knife, one of mrs. atkinson's, fellfrom her hand; while a dozen people will swear they heard her sistercalling out that she had murdered george pickering."
beckett-smythe shook his head doubtfully.
"it is a queer affair, looked at in any light.
do you think i ought tosee pickering himself?
you can arrest betsy thwaites without a warrant,i believe, and, in any event, i'll not sit on the bench if the casecomes before the court."
the superintendent was only too glad to have the squire's counsel indealing with a knotty problem.
the social position of the wounded manrequired some degree of caution before proceedings were commenced, inview of his emphatic declaration that his wound was self-inflicted.
ifhis state became dangerous, there was only one course open to therepresentatives of the law; but the doctor's verdict was thatpenetration of the lung had been averted by a hair's breadth, andpickering would recover.
indeed, he might be taken home in a carriage atthe end of the week.
meanwhile, the hayfork and the blood-stained knifewere impounded.
the two men went upstairs and were shown to the room occupied by theinjured gallant.
kitty thwaites, pale as a ghost, was flitting aboutattending to her work, the hotel being crowded with stock-breeders andgraziers.
her unfortunate sister, even more woebegone in appearance, wasnursing the invalid, at his special request.
it was a puzzlingsituation, and mr. beckett-smythe, who knew pickering intimately, wasinclined to act with the utmost leniency that the law allowed.
betsy thwaites, who was sitting at the side of the bed, rose when theyentered.
her white face became suffused with color, and she looked atthe police officer with frightened eyes.
the magistrate saw this, and he said quite kindly:"if mr. pickering is able to speak with us for a little while, you mayleave us with him."
"no, no," interrupted the invalid in an astonishingly strong and heartyvoice.
"there's nothing to be said that betsy needn't hear.
she began to tremble, and lifted a corner of her apron.
notwithstandingher faithless swain's statement to her sister, she was quite asgood-looking as kitty, and sorrow had given her face a pathetic dignitythat in no wise diminished its charm.
she knew not whether to stay or go.
the superintendent took the hintgiven by the squire.
"it would be best, under the circumstances, if we were left alone whilewe talk over last night's affair, mr.
"not a bit of it.
don't go, betsy.
what is there to talk over?
i made afool of myself--not for the first time where a woman was concerned--andbetsy here, brought from hereford by a meddlesome scamp, lost hertemper.
poor girl, she had traveled all day in a hot train,without eatin' a bite, and found me squeezing her sister at the bottomof the garden.
there's no denying that she meant to do me a mischief,and serve me right, too.
i'll admit i was scared, and in running away igot into worse trouble, as, of course, i could easily have mastered her.
kitty, too, what between fear and shame, lost her senses, and poor betsycut her own arm.
you see, a plain tale stops all the nonsense that hasbeen talked since ten o'clock last night."
"not quite, george."
mr. beckett-smythe was serious and magisterial.
"you forget, or perhaps do not know, that there were witnesses."
pickering looked alarmed.
"what d'you mean?"
"well, no outsider saw the blow, or accident, whichever it was; but anumber of children saw and heard incidents which, putting it mildly,tend to discredit your story."
betsy began to sob.
"i told you you had better leave the room," went on the squire in a lowtone.
pickering endeavored to raise himself in the bed, but sank back with agroan.
the unfortunate girl forgot her own troubles at the sound, andrushed to arrange the pillow beneath his head.
"it comes to this, then," he said huskily; "you want to arrest, on acharge of attempting to murder me, a woman whom i intend to marry longbefore she can be brought to trial!"
betsy broke down now in real earnest.
beckett-smythe and thesuperintendent gazed at pickering with blank incredulity.
thisdevelopment was wholly unlooked for.
they both thought the man waslight-headed.
he smiled dryly.
"yes, i mean it," he continued, placing his hand on the brown hair ofthe girl, whose face was buried in the bedclothes.
"i--i didn't sleepmuch last night, and i commenced to see things in a different light tothat which presented itself before.
i treated betsy shamefully--not in amonied sense, but in every other way.
she's not one of the general runof girls.
i promised to marry her once, and now i'm going to keep mypromise.
he was desperately in earnest.
of that there could be no manner ofdoubt.
the superintendent stroked his chin reflectively, and themagistrate could only murmur:"gad, that changes the venue, as the lawyers say."
one thought dominated the minds of both men; pickering was behavingfoolishly.
he was a wealthy man, owner of a freehold farm of hundreds ofacres; he might aspire to marry a woman of some position in the countyand end his days in all the glory of j. p.-dom and county aldermanship.
yet, here he was deliberately throwing himself away on a dairymaid who,not many hours since, had striven to kill him during a burst of jealousfury.
the thing was absurd.
probably when he recovered he would see thisfor himself; but for the time it was best to humor him and give officialsanction to his version of the overnight quarrel.
"don't keep us in suspense, squire," cried the wounded man, angered byhis friend's silence.
"what are you going to do?"
"nothing, george; nothing, i think.
i only hope your accident with thepitchfork will not have serious results--in any shape."
the policeman nodded a farewell.
as they quitted the room they heardpickering say faintly:"now, betsy, my dear, no more crying.
i can't stand it.
damn it all, onedoesn't get engaged to be married and yelp over it!"
on the landing they saw kitty, a white shadow, anxious, but afraid tospeak.
"cheer up," said beckett-smythe pleasantly.
"this affair looks likeending in smoke."
gaining courage from the magistrate's affability, the girl saidbrokenly:"mr. pickering and--my--sister--are quite friendly.
you saw that foryourself, sir."
they're going to be--well--er--i was going to say we havequite decided that an accident took place and there is no call forpolice interference--so long as mr. pickering shows progress towardrecovery, you understand.
you women always begin to cry,whether pleased or vexed.
bless my heart, let's get away, mr.
the sufferings of the young are strenuous as their joys.
when martinpassed into the heart of the bustling fair its glamour had vanished.
thenotes of the organ were harsh, the gay canvas of the booths tawdry, thecleanly village itself awry.
the policeman's surprise at his lack ofknowledge on the subject of his parentage was disastrously convincing.
the man treated the statement as indisputable.
there was no question ofhearsay; it was just so, a recognized fact, known to all the grown-uppeople in elmsdale.
tommy beadlam, he of the white head, ran after him to ask why the"bobby" brought him to the "black lion," but martin averted eyes ladenwith misery, and motioned his little friend away.
tommy, who had seen the fight, and knew of the squire's presence thismorning, drew his own conclusions.
"martin's goin' to be locked up," he told a knot of awe-strickenyoungsters, and they thrilled with sympathy, for their champion'svictory over the "young swell frae t' hall" was highly popular.
the front door of the white house stood hospitably open.
already agoodly number of visitors had gathered, and every man and woman talkedof nothing but the dramatic events of the previous night.
when martinarrived, fresh from a private conversation with the squire and thechief of police, they were on the tip-toe of expectancy.
perhaps hemight add to the store of gossip.
even mrs. bolland felt a certain pridethat the boy should be the center of interest in this _cause célèbre_.
but his glum face created alarm in her motherly breast.
"why, martin," she cried, "what's gone wrong?
ye look as if ye'd seen aghost wi' two heäds!"
the all-absorbing topic to martin just then was his own history and notthe half-comprehended tragedy of the rural lovers.
if his mother'sfriends knew that which was hidden from him, why should he compel histongue to wag falsely?
somehow, the air seemed thick with deception justnow, but his heart would have burst had he attempted to restrain thewords that welled forth.
"mother," he said, and his lips quivered at the remembrance that theaffectionate title was itself a lie, "mr. benson told the squire i wasnot your boy--that father and you adopted me thirteen years ago."
mrs. bolland's face glowed with quick indignation.
no one spoke.
martin's impetuous repudiation of his name was the last thing theylooked for.
"it is true, i suppose," he went on despairingly.
"if i am not your son,then whose son am i?"
martha lifted her eyes to the ceiling.
"well, of all the deceitful scoundrels!"
"te think of mefillin' his blue coat wi' meat an' beer last neet, an' all t' return hemaks is te worry this poor lad's brains wi' that owd tale!"
"oh, he's sly, is benson," chimed in stout mrs. summersgill.
"afortnight sen last tuesday i caught him i' my dairy wi' one o' t'maids, lappin' up cream like a great tomcat."
a laugh went round.
none paid heed to martin's agony.
a dullness fell onhis soul.
even the woman he called mother was angered more by theconstable's blurting out of a household secret than by the destructionof an ideal.
such, in confused riot, was the thought that chilled him.
but he was mistaken.
martha bolland's denunciations of the policemanonly covered the pain, sharp as the cut of a knife, caused by the boy'scry of mingled passion and sorrow.
she was merely biding her time.
whenchance served, she called him into the larder, the nearest quiet placein the house, and closed the door.
"martin, my lad," she said, while big tears shone in her honest eyes,"ye are dear to me as my own.
i trust i may be spared to be muther te yeuntil ye're a man.
john an' me meant no unkindness te ye in not tellin'ye we found ye i' lunnun streets, a poor, deserted little mite, wi'nather feyther nor muther, an' none te own ye.
what matter was it thatye should know sooner?
hev we not done well by ye?
when ye come tothink over 't, ye're angered about nowt.
kiss me, honey, an' if anyonesays owt cross te ye, tell 'em ye hev both a feyther an' a muther, whichis more'n some of 'em can say."
this display of feeling applied balm to martin's wounds.
certainly mrs.bolland's was the common sense view to take of the situation.
he forboreto question her further just then, and hugged her contentedly.
the verysmell of her lavender-scented clothes was grateful, and this embraceseemed to restore her to him.
his brightened countenance, the vanishing of that unwonted expression ofresentful humiliation, was even more comforting to martha herself.
"here," she said, thrusting a small paper package into his hand, "imayn't hev anuther chance.
ye'll find two pun ten i' that paper.
gie itte mrs. saumarez an' tell her i'll be rale pleased if there's no moretalk about t' money.
an' mebbe, later i' t' day, i'll find a shillin' feryersen.
but, fer goodness' sake, come an' tell t' folk all that t'squire said te ye.
they're fair crazed te hear ye."
he cried eagerly, "i was so--so mixed up at first that iforgot to tell you.
mr. beckett-smythe gave me half a crown."
"ye doan't say!
well, i can't abide half a tale.
let's hae t' lot i' t'front kitchen."
it was noon, and dinner-time, before martin could satisfy the cacklingdames as to all within his cognizance concerning betsy thwaites'sescapade.
be it noted, they unanimously condemned fred, the groom;commiserated with betsy, and extolled george pickering as a truegentleman.
p. c. benson, all unconscious of the rod in pickle for his broad back,strolled in about the eating hour.
mrs. bolland, brindling withrepressed fury, could scarce find words wherewith to scold him.
"well, of all the brazen-faced men i've ever met--" she began.
"so you've heerd t' news?"
i should think so, indeed!
martin kem yam----""martin!
did he know?"
"wasn't it ye as said it?"
"no, ma'am," he replied stolidly.
"mrs. atkinson told me, and she saidthat mr. pickerin' had ta'en his solemn oath te do't in t' presence oft' super and t' squire!"
was the chorus.
"why, marry betsy, to be sure, as soon as he can be led te t' church.
what else is there?"
this stupendous addition to the flood of excitement carried away evenmartha bolland for the moment.
in her surprise she set a plate forbenson with the others, and, after that, the paramount rite ofhospitality prevented her from "having it out wi' him" until hunger wassated.
then, however, she let him "feel the edge of her tongue"; he wasso flustered that john had to restore his mental poise with another pintof ale.
meanwhile, martin managed to steal out unobserved, and made the best ofhis way to the elms.
although in happier mood, he was not wholly pleasedwith his errand.
he was not afraid of mrs. saumarez--far from it, but hedid not know how to fulfill his mission and at the same time exonerateangèle.
his chivalrous nature shrank from blaming her, yet his unaidedwits were not equal to the task of restoring so much money to her motherwithout answering truthfully the resultant deluge of questions.
he was battling with this problem when, near the elms, he encounteredthe rev.
charles herbert, m.a., vicar of elmsdale, and his daughterelsie.
martin doffed his straw hat readily, and would have passed, but thevicar hailed him.
"martin, is it correct that you were in the stableyard of the 'blacklion' last night and saw something of this sad affair of mr.
the girl's blue eyes were fixed on his with the innocentcuriosity of a fawn.
she knew him well by sight, but they had neverexchanged a word.
he found himself wondering what her voice was like.
would she chatter with the excited volubility of angèle?
being bettereducated than he, would she pour forth a jargon of foreign words andslang?
angèle was quiet as a mouse under her mother's eye.
was elsieaping this demure demeanor because her father was present?
certainly,she looked a very different girl.
every curve of her pretty face, eachline in her graceful contour, suggested modesty and nice manners.
why,he couldn't tell, but he knew instinctively that elsie herbert wouldhave drawn back horrified from the mad romp overnight, and he washumbled in spirit before her.
the worthy vicar never dreamed that the farmer's sturdy son was capableof deep emotion.
he interpreted martin's quick coloring to knowledge ofa discreditable episode.
he said to the girl:"i'll follow you home in a few minutes, my dear."
martin thought that an expression of disappointment swept across theclear eyes, but elsie quitted them instantly.
the boy had endured toomuch to be thus humiliated before one of his own age.
"i would have said nothing to offend the young lady," he cried hotly.
very much taken aback, mr. herbert's eyebrows arched themselves abovehis spectacles.
"my good boy," he said, "i did not choose that my daughter should hearthe--er--offensive details of this--er--stabbing affray, or worse, thattook place at the inn."
"but you didn't mind slighting me in her presence, sir," was theunexpected retort.
"i am not slighting you.
had i met mr. beckett-smythe and soughtinformation as to this matter, i would still have asked her to go on tothe vicarage."
this was a novel point of view for martin.
he reddened again.
"i'm sorry, sir," he said.
"everything has gone wrong with me to-day.
ididn't mean to be rude."
the vicar deemed him a strange youth, but tacitly accepted the apology,and drew from martin the story of the night's doings.
it shocked him to hear that martin and frank beckett-smythe werefighting in the yard of the "black lion" at such an hour.
"how came you to be there?"
he said gently.
"you do not attend mychurch, martin, but i have always regarded mr. bolland as a god-fearingman, and your teacher has told me that you are gifted with intelligenceand qualities beyond your years or station in life."
"i was there quite by accident, sir, and i couldn't avoid the fight."
"what caused it?"
"we fought to settle that question, sir, and it's finished now."
the vicar laughed.
"which means you will not tell me.
well, i am no disbeliever in a manlydisplay of fisticuffs.
it breaks no bones and saves many a boy from thegrowth of worse qualities.
i suppose you are going to the fair thisafternoon?"
"would you mind telling me how you will pass the time between now andsupper?"
"i am taking a message from my mother to mrs. saumarez, and then i'll gostraight to the black plantation"--a dense clump of firs situate at thehead of the ghylls, or small valleys, leading from the cultivated landup to the moor.
and what will you do there?"
the boy smiled, somewhat sheepishly.
"i have a nest in a tree there, sir, where i often sit and read."
"what do you read?"
"just now, sir, i am reading scott's poems."
what books do you favor, as a rule?"
delighted to have a sympathetic listener, martin forgot his troubles inpouring forth a catalogue of his favorite authors.
the more mr. herbertquestioned him the more eager and voluble he became.
the boy had therare faculty of absorbing the joys and sorrows, the noble sentiments,the very words of the heroes of romance, and in this scholarly gentlemanhe found an auditor who appreciated all that was hitherto dumb thought.
several people passing along the road wondered what "t' passon an' oadjohn bolland's son were makkin' sike deed about," and the conversationmust have lasted fifteen or twenty minutes, when the vicar heard thechimes of the church clock.
he laughed genially.
although, on his part, there was an underlyingmotive in the conversation, martin had fairly carried it far afield.
"you have had your revenge on me for sending my daughter away," hecried.
"my lunch will be cold.
now, will you do me a favor?"
"of course, sir; anything you ask."
"nay, martin, make that promise to no man.
but this lies within yourscope.
about four o'clock leave your crow's nest and drop over to thorghyll.
i may be there."
overjoyed at the prospect of a renewed chat on topics dear to his heart,the boy ran off, light-heartedly, to the elms.
his task seemed easiernow.
the wholesome breeze of intercourse with a cultivated mind hadmomentarily swept into the background a host of unpleasing things.
he found he could not see mrs. saumarez, so he asked for miss walker.
the lady came.
she was prim and severe.
instantly he detected a note ofhostility which her first words put beyond doubt.
"my mother sent me to return some money to mrs. saumarez," he explained.
"mrs. saumarez is ill. mrs. bolland must wait until she recovers.
as foryou, you bad boy, i wonder you dare show your face here."
martin never flinched from a difficulty.
"what have i done?"
"can you ask?
to drag that poor little mite of a girl into such horriblescenes as those which took place in the village?
you just waituntil mrs. saumarez is better, and you will hear more of it."
with that, she slammed the door on him.
so angèle had posed as a simpleton, and he was the villain.
this phaseof the medley amused him.
he was retreating down the drive, when heheard his name called.
a window on the ground floor opened,and mrs. saumarez appeared, leaning unsteadily on the sill.
she cried imperiously.
somehow she puzzled, indeed flustered, him.
for one thing, her attirewas bizarre.
usually dressed with unexceptionable taste, to-day she worea boudoir wrap--a costly robe, but adjusted without care, and all untidyabout neck and breast.
her hair was coiled loosely, and stray wisps hungout in slovenly fashion.
her face, deathly white, save for dull redpatches on the cheeks, served as a fit setting for unnaturally brillianteyes which protruded from their sockets in a manner quite startling,while the veins on her forehead stood out like whipcord.
martin was utterly dismayed.
he stood stock-still.
she said again, glaring at him with a curious fixity.
françoise is not here, and i wish you to run an errand."
save for a strange thickness in her speech, she had never beforereminded him so strongly of angèle.
she had completely lost hercustomary air of repose.
she spoke and acted like a peevish child.
anyhow, she had summoned him, and he could now discharge his trust.
insuch conditions, martin seldom lacked words.
"i asked for you at the door, ma'am," he explained, drawing nearer,"but miss walker said you were ill. my mother sent me to give you this."
he produced the little parcel of money and essayed to hand it to her.
she surveyed it with lackluster eyes.
"what is it?"
"i do not understand.
here is plenty of money.
iwant you to go to the village, to the 'black lion,' and bring me asovereign's worth of brandy."
she held out a coin.
they stood thus, proffering each other gold.
"but this is yours, ma'am.
i came to return it.
i--er--borrowed somemoney from ang--from miss saumarez--and mother said----""cease, boy.
i do not understand, i tell you.
keep the money and bringme what i ask."
in her eagerness she leaned so far out of the window that she nearlyoverbalanced.
the sovereign fell among some flowers.
with an effort sherecovered an unsteady poise.
martin stooped to find the money.
a dooropened inside the house.
a hot whisper reached him.
"tell no one.
i'll watch for you in half an hour--remember--asovereign's worth."
the boy, not visible from the far side of the room, heard the voice offrançoise.
the window closed with a bang.
he discovered the coin andstraightened himself.
the maid was seating her mistress in a chair andapparently remonstrating with her.
she picked up from the floor awicker-covered eau de cologne bottle and turned it upside down with anangry gesture.
it was empty.
martin, whose experience of intoxicated people was confined to theinfrequent sight of a village toper, heavy with beer, lurching homewardin maudlin glee or fury, imagined that mrs. saumarez must be in somesort of fever.
obviously, those in attendance on her should be consultedbefore he brought her brandy secretly.
back he marched to the front door and rang the bell.
lest miss walkershould shut him out again, he was inside the hall before anyone couldanswer his summons, for the doors of country houses remain unlocked allday.
the elder sister reappeared, very starchy at this unheard-ofimpertinence.
"i was forced to return, ma'am," he said civilly.
"mrs. saumarez saw mein the drive and asked me to buy her some brandy.
she gave me asovereign.
she looked very ill, so i thought it best to come and tellyou."
the lady was thoroughly nonplussed by this plain statement.
"oh," she stammered, so confused that he did not know what to make ofher agitation, "this is very nice of you.
she must not have brandy.
itis--quite unsuitable--for her illness.
it is really very good of you totell me.
i--er--i'm sorry i spoke so harshly just now, but--er----""that's all right, ma'am.
it was all a mistake.
will you kindly takecharge of this sovereign, and also of the two pounds ten which missangèle lent me?"
"which miss angèle lent you!
two pounds ten!
i thought you said yourmother----""it is mine, please," said a voice from the broad landing above theirheads.
angèle skipped lightly down the stairs and held out her hand.
martin gave her the money.
"i don't understand this, at all," said the mystified miss walker.
"doesmrs. saumarez know----""mrs. saumarez knows nothing.
neither does martin."
with wasp-like suddenness, the girl turned and faced a woman old enoughto be her grandmother.
their eyes clashed.
the child's look saidplainly:"dare to utter another word and i'll disgrace your house throughout thevillage."
the woman yielded.
she waved a protesting hand.
"it is no business ofmine.
thank you, martin, for coming back."
angèle lashed out at him next.
i'll never speak to you again."
she ran up the stairs.
he stood irresolute.
"anyhow, not now," she added.
"i may be out in an hour's time."
miss walker was holding the door open.
he hurried away, and françoisesaw him, wondering why he had called.
and for hours thereafter, until night fell, a white-faced woman pacedrestlessly to and fro in the sitting-room, ever and anon raising thewindow, and watching for martin's return with a fierce intensity thatrendered her almost maniacal in appearance.
happily, the boy was unaware of the pitiful tragedy in the life of therich and highly placed mrs. saumarez.
while she waited, with a ragesteadily dwindling into a wearied despair, he was passing, allunconsciously, into the next great phase of his career.
he took one forward step into the unknown before leaving the tree-lineddrive.
he met fritz, the chauffeur, who was so absorbed in the study ofa folding road-map that he did not see martin until the latter hailedhim.
was the boy's cheery greeting.
"that affair is ended.
pleasedon't say anything to mrs.
the german closed the map.
"whad iss ented?"
he inquired, surveying martin with a cool hauteur rarein chauffeurs.
"why, last night's upset in the village."
id iss nod my beeznez."
"i didn't quite mean that.
but there's no use in getting miss angèleinto a row, is there?"
"dat iss zo.
vere do you leeve?"
"at the white house farm."
"vere de brize caddle are?"
he had never before heard english spoken with a stronggerman accent.
somehow he associated these resonant syllables with acertain indefinite stress which mrs. saumarez laid on a few words.
"yes," he said.
"my father's herd is well known."
fritz's manner became genial.
"zome tay you vill show me, yez?"
"i'll be very pleased.
and will you explain your car to me--the engine,i mean?"
"sorry, but i have an engagement."
there was plenty of time at martin's disposal, but he did not want toloiter about the elms that afternoon.
this man was a paid servant whocould hardly refuse to carry out any reasonable order, and it would havebeen awkward for martin if mrs. saumarez asked him to give fritz thesovereign she had intrusted to his keeping.
"all aright," agreed the chauffeur, whose strong, intellectual face wasnow altogether amiable; in fact, a white scar on his left cheek creasedso curiously when he grinned that his aspect was almost comical.
"wevill meed when all dis noise sdops, yez?"
and he waved a hand toward thedistant drone of the fair.
thus began for martin another strange friendship--a friendship destinedto end so fantastically that if the manner of its close were foretoldthen and there by any prophet, the mere telling might have brought theseer to the madhouse.
it was nearly three o'clock when martin re-entered the village.
outsidethe boxing booth a huge placard announced, in sprawling characters, thatthe first round of the boxing competition would start punctually at 3p.m. "owing to the illness of mr. george pickering, deeply regretted,"another referee would be appointed.
it cost the boy a pang to stride on.
he would have dearly liked to watchthe display of pugilism.
he might have gone inside the tent for an hourand still kept his tryst with mr. herbert, but john bolland's dourteaching had scored grooves in his consciousness not readily effaced.
the folly of last night must be atoned in some way, and he punishedhimself deliberately now by going straight home.
the house was only a little less thronged than the "black lion," so hemade his way unobserved to the great pile of dry bracken in which he hidbooks borrowed from the school library.
ten minutes later he was seatedin the fork of a tree full thirty feet from the ground and consolinghimself for loss of the reality by reading of a fight far morepicturesque in detail--the homeric combat between fitzjames and roderickdhu.
from his perch he could see the church clock.
shortly before theappointed hour he climbed down and surmounted the ridge which dividedthe black plantation from thor ghyll.
it was a rough passage, naughtsave gray rock and flowering ling, or heather, growing so wild and bushythat in parts it overtopped his height.
but martin was sure-footed as agoat.
across the plateau and down the tree-clad slope on the other sidehe sped, until he reached a point whence he could obtain a comprehensiveview of the winding glen.
on a stretch of turf by the side of the silvery beck that rushed sofrantically from the moorland to the river, he spied a small gardentent.
in front was a table spread with china and cakes, while a copperkettle, burnished so brightly that it shone like gold in the sunlight,was suspended over a spirit lamp.
mr. herbert was there, and an elderlylady, his aunt, who acted as his housekeeper--also elsie and hergoverness and two young gentlemen who "read" with the vicar during thelong vacation.
evidently a country picnic was toward; martin was at aloss to know why he had been invited.
perhaps they wished him to guide them over the moor to some distant glenor to the early british camp two miles away.
sometimes a touristwandering through elmsdale called at the farm for information, andmartin would be dispatched with the inquirer to show the way.
it was a pity that mr. herbert had not mentioned his desire, as thedaily reading of the bible was due in an hour, and most certainly,to-day of all days, martin must be punctual.
if his brain were busy, his eye was clear.
he sprang from rock to rocklike a chamois.
once he swung himself down a small precipice by thetough root of a whin.
he knew the root was there, and had already testedits capabilities, but the gathering beneath watched him with dismay,for the feat looked hazardous in the extreme.
in a couple of minutes hehad descended two hundred feet of exceedingly rough going.
he stopped atthe beck to wash his hands and dry them on his handkerchief.
then heapproached the group.
"do you always descend the ghyll in that fashion, martin?"
it is the nearest way."
"a man might say that who fell out of a balloon."
"but i have been up and down there twenty times, sir."
"well, well; my imaginary balloonist could make no such answer.
sit downand have some tea.
elsie, this is young martin bolland, of whom i havebeen telling you."
the girl smiled in a very friendly way and brought martin a cup of teaand a plate of cakes.
so he was a guest, and introduced by the vicar tohis daughter!
how kind this was of mr. herbert!
how delighted mrs.bolland would be when she heard of it, for, however strict hernonconformity, the vicar was still a social power in the village, andsecond only to the beckett-smythes in the estimation of the parish.
at first poor martin was tongue-tied.
he answered in monosyllables whenthe vicar or mrs. johnson, the old lady, spoke to him; but to elsie hesaid not a word.
she, too, was at a loss how to interest him, until shenoticed a book in his pocket.
when told that it was scott's poems shesaid pleasantly that a month ago she went with her father to a placecalled greta bridge and visited many of the scenes described in"rokeby."
unhappily, martin had not read "rokeby."
he resolved to devour it at thefirst opportunity, but for the nonce it offered no conversationalhandle.
he remained dumb, yet all the while he was comparing elsie withangèle, and deciding privately that girls brought up as ladies inengland were much nicer than those reared in the places which angèlenamed so glibly.
but his star was propitious that day.
one of the young men happened tonotice a spot where a large patch of heather had been sliced off theface of the moor.
he asked mr. herbert what use the farmers made of it.
"nothing that i can recall," said the vicar, a man who, living in thecountry, knew little of its ways; "perhaps martin can tell you."
"we make besoms of it, sir," was the ready reply, "but that space hasbeen cleared by the keepers so that the young grouse may have freshgreen shoots to feed on."
here was a topic on which he was crammed with information.
his face grewanimated, his eyes sparkled, the words came fast and were well chosen.
as he spoke, the purple moor, the black firs, the meadows, the corn landred with poppies, became peopled with fur and feather.
on the hilltopsthe glorious black cock, in the woods the dandy pheasant and swiftpigeon, among the meadows and crops the whirring partridge, becameactualities, present, but unseen.
there were plenty of hares on thearable land and the rising ground; as for rabbits, they swarmedeverywhere.
"this ghyll will be alive with them in little more than an hour," saidmartin confidently.
"i shouldn't be surprised, if we had a dog and puthim among those whins, but half-a-dozen rabbits would bolt out in alldirections."
"please, can i be a little bow-wow?"
she sprang to her feetand ran toward the clump of gorse and bracken he had pointed out,imitating a dog's bark as she went.
"take care of the thorns," shouted martin, making after her moreleisurely.
she paused on the verge of the tangled mass of vegetation and said,"shoo!"
"that's no good," he laughed.
"you must walk through and kick the thickclumps of grass--this way."
he plunged into the midst of the gorse.
not a rabbitbudged.
"that's odd," he said, rustling the undergrowth vigorously.
"there oughtto be a lot here."
"you know angèle saumarez?"
said the girl suddenly.
he ceased beating the bushes and looked at her fixedly, the question wasso unexpected.
yet angèle had asked him the selfsame question concerningelsie herbert.
one girl resembled another as two peas in a pod.
"do you like her?"
"i think i do, sometimes."
"do you think she is pretty?"
"what do you mean by 'sometimes,' 'often?'
how can a girl bepretty--'often'?"
"well, you see, i think she is nice in many ways, and that if--she knewyou--and copied your manner--your voice, and style, and behavior--shewould improve very greatly."
martin had recovered his wits.
elsie tittered and blushed slightly.
she said, and recommenced the kicking process with ardor.
suddenly, with a fierce snarl, an animal of some sort flew at her.
shehad a momentary vision of a pair of blazing eyes, bared teeth, andextended claws.
she screamed and turned her head.
in that instant awildcat landed on her back and a vicious claw reached for her face.
butmartin was at her side.
without a second's hesitation he seized thegrowling brute in both hands and tore it from off her shoulders.
hisright hand was around its neck, but he strove in vain to grasp the smallof its back in the left.
it wriggled and scratched with the ferocity ofan undersized tiger.
martin's coat sleeves and shirt were slashed toshreds, his waistcoat was rent, and deep gashes were cut in his arms,but he held on gamely.
mr. herbert and the others ran up, but came unarmed.
they had not even astick.
the vicar, with some presence of mind, rushed back and wrenched aleg from the camp table, but by the time he returned the cat was movingits limbs in its final spasms, for martin had choked it to death.
the vicar danced about with his improvised weapon, imploring the boy to"throw it down and let me whack the life out of it," but martin wasenraged with the pain and the damage to his clothing.
in his anger hefelt that he could wrench the wretched beast limb from limb, and hemight have endeavored to do that very thing were it not for the presenceof elsie herbert.
as it was, when the cat fell to the ground itsstruggles had ended, but mr. herbert gave it a couple of hearty blows tomake sure.
it was a tremendous brute, double the size of its domestic progenitors.
at one period in its career it had been caught in a rabbit trap, for oneof its forelegs was removed at the joint, and the calloused stump washard as a bit of stone.
a chorus of praise for martin's promptitude and courage was cut shortwhen he took the table leg and went back to the clump of gorse.
"i thought it was curious that there were no rabbits here," he said.
"now i know why.
this cat has a litter of kittens hidden among thewhins."
"are you gug-gug-going to kuk-kuk-kill them?"
he paused in his murderous search.
"it makes no matter now," he said, laughing.
"i'll tell the keeper.
wildcats eat up an awful lot of game."
his coolness, his absolute disregard of the really serious cuts he hadreceived, were astounding to the town-bred men.
the vicar was the firstto recover some degree of composure.
"martin," he cried, "come this instant and have your wounds washed andbound up.
you are losing a great deal of blood, and that brute's clawsmay have been venomous."
the boy obeyed at once.
he presented a sorry spectacle.
his arms andhands were bathed in blood and his clothes were splashed with it.
elsie herbert's eyes filled with tears.
"this is nothing," he said to cheer her.
"they're only scratches, butthey look bad."
as a matter of fact, he did not realize until long afterwards that wereit not for the fortunate accident which deprived the cat of her offforeleg, some of the tendons of his right wrist might have been severed.
from the manner in which he held her she could not get the effectiveclaws to bear crosswise.
the vicar looked grave when a first dip in the brook revealed the extentof the boy's injuries.
"you are plucky enough to bear the application of a little brine,martin?"
suiting the action to the word, he emptied the contents of a paper ofsalt into a teacup and dissolved it in hot water.
then he washed thewounds again in the brook and bound them with handkerchiefs soaked inthe mixture.
it was a rough-and-ready cauterization, and the pain mademartin white, but later on it earned the commendation of the doctor.
mr.herbert was pallid himself when elsie handed him the last handkerchiefthey could muster, while mrs. johnson was already tearing the tableclothinto strips.
"it is bad enough to have your wrists scored in this way, my lad," hemurmured, "but it will be some consolation for you to know thatotherwise these cuts would have been in my little girl's face, perhapsher eyes--great heaven!--her eyes!"
the vicar could have chosen no better words.
martin's heart throbbedwith pride.
at last the bandages were secured and the tattered sleeveturned down.
all this consumed nearly half an hour, and then martinremembered a forgotten duty.
"what time is it?"
he said anxiously.
"a quarter past five."
"i'll get into another row.
i have missed mybible lesson."
"your bible lesson?"
my father makes me read a portion of scripture every day."
the vicar passed unnoticed the boy's unconsciously resentful tone.
hesighed, but straightway resumed his wonted cheeriness.
"there will be no row to-day, martin," he promised.
"we shall escort youhome in triumphal procession.
we leave the things here for my man, whowill bring a pony and cart in a few minutes.
now, you two, tie the hindlegs of that beast with a piece of string and carry it on the stick.
thecat is martin's _spolia opima_.
here, elsie, guide your warrior'sfaltering footsteps down the glen."
they all laughed, but by the time they reached the white house the boywas ready to drop, for he had lost a quantity of blood, and the tormentof the saline solution was becoming intolerable.
john bolland, after waiting with growing impatience long after theappointed time, closed the bible with a bang and went downstairs.
"what's wrang wi' ye now?"
inquired his spouse as he dropped moroselyinto a chair and answered but sourly a hearty greeting from a visitor.
"where's that lad?"
hasn't he come yam?"
she trembled for her adopted son's remissness on this, the first dayafter the great rebellion.
--with intense bitterness--"he's not likely te hearken te t' wordwhen he's encouraged in guile."
"eh, but there's some good cause this time," cried the old lady, moreflustered than she cared to show.
"happen he's bin asked to see t'squire again."
"t' squire left elmsdale afore noon," was the gruff reply.
then the vicar entered, and elsie, leading martin, and the two pupilscarrying the gigantic cat.
mrs. johnson and the governess-companion hadremained with the tent and would drive home in the dogcart.
mr. herbert's glowing account of martin's conduct, combined with ajudicious reference to his anxiety when he discovered that the hour forhis lesson had passed, placed even bolland in a good humor.
once againthe boy filled the mouths of the multitude, since nothing would servethe farmhands but they must carry off the cat to the fair for exhibitionbefore they skinned it.
the doctor came, waylaid on his return from the "black lion."
he removedthe salt-soaked bandages, washed the wounds in tepid water, examinedthem carefully, and applied some antiseptic dressing, of which he had asupply in his dogcart for the benefit of george pickering.
"an' how is mr. pickerin' te-night?"
inquired mrs. bolland, who washorrified at first by the sight of martin's damages, but reassured whenthe doctor said the boy would be all right in a day or two.
"not so well, mrs. bolland," was the answer.
"oh, ye don't say so.
is it wuss than ye feared for?"
"no; the wound is progressing favorably, but he is feverish.
i don'tlike that.
fever is weakening."
no more would the doctor say, and mrs. bolland soon forgot thesufferings of another in her distress at martin's condition.
sheparticularly lamented that he should be laid up during the feast.
at that the patient laughed.
"surely i can go out, doctor!"
"go out, you imp!
of course, you can.
but, remember, no larking aboutand causing these cuts to reopen.
better stay in the house until i seeyou in the morning."
so martin, fearless of consequences, hunted up "rokeby," and read itwith an interest hardly lessened by the fact that that particular poemis the least exciting of the magician's verse.
at last the light failedand the table was laid for supper, so the boy's reading was disturbed.
more than once he fancied he had heard at the back of the house a long,shrill whistle which sounded familiar.
curiosity led him to the meadow.
he waited a little while, and again the whistle came from the lane.
"who is it?"
is that you, martin?"
"me" was tommy beadlam, but his white top did not shine in the dark.
i mustn't shout."
wondering what mystery was afoot, martin approached the hedge.
"yon lass," whispered tommy--"i can't say her name, but ye ken finewheä 'tis--she's i' t' fair ageän."
she gemme sixpence te coom an' tell yer.
i've bin whistlin'till me lips is sore."
"you tell her from me she is a bad girl and ought to go home at once."
she'd smack my feäce."
"well, i can't get out.
i've had an accident and must go to bed soon."
"there's a rare yarn about you an' a cat.
i seed it.
honest truth--didyou really kill it wi' your hands?"
"yes; but it gave me something first.
can you see?
my arms and left handare all bound up."
"an' it jumped fust on elsie herbert?"
"an' yer grabbed it offen her?"
yon lass is fair wild te hear all about it.
she greeted whenevelyn atkinson telt her yer were nearly dead, but yan o' t' farmhandskem along an' we axed him, an' he said ye were nowt worse."
martin's heart softened when he heard of angèle's tears, but he wassorry she should have stolen out a second time to mix with the rabble ofthe village.
"i can't come out to-night," he said firmly.
"happen ye'd be able to see her if i browt her here?"
the white head evidently held brains, but martin had sufficient strengthof character to ask himself what his new friends, the herbert family,would think if they knew he was only too willing to dance to any tunethe temptress played.
"no, no," he cried, retreating a pace or two.
"you must not bring her.
i'm going to supper and straight to bed.
and, look here, tommy.
try andpersuade her to go home.
if you and jim bates and the others take herround the fair to-night you'll all get into trouble.
you ought to haveheard the parson to-day, and miss walker, too.
i wouldn't be in yourshoes for more than sixpence."
this was crafty counsel.
beadlam, after consulting jim bates,communicated it to angèle.
she stared with wide-open eyes at thedoubting pair.
"were there ever such idiots!
because hecannot come himself, he doesn't want me to be with you."
there was something in this.
their judgment wavered, and--and--angèlehad lots of money.
but she laughed them to scorn.
"do you think i want you!"
i spit at you.
evelyn, machérie, walk with me to the elms.
i want to hear all about the man whowas stabbed and the woman who stabbed him."
thereupon, evelyn and one of her sisters went off with a girl whom theyhated.
but she was clever, in their estimation, and pretty, and welldressed, and, oh, so rich!
above all, she was not "stuck up" like elsieherbert, but laughed at their simple wit, and was ready to sink to theirlevel.
martin, taking thought before he slept, wondered why angèle had not comeopenly to the farm.
it did not occur to him that angèle dared not facejohn bolland.
the child feared the dour old farmer.
she dreaded a singlelook from the shrewd eyes which seemed to search her very soul.
the doctor came late next morning.
he did not reach elmsdale until aftereleven o'clock.
he called first at the white house and handed mrs.bolland a small package.
"these are the handkerchiefs i took away yesterday," he said.
"i supposethey belong to mr. herbert's household.
my servant has washed them.
willyou see that they are returned?"
"mercy o' me!"
"i nivver knew ye took 'em.
what did yewant 'em for, docthor?"
"there might have been some malignant substance--some poisonousmatter--in the cat's claws, and as the county analyst was engaged at myplace on some other business i--oh, come now, mrs. bolland, there's noneed to be alarmed.
martin's wounds were cleansed, and the salt appliedto the raw edges so promptly, that any danger which might have existedwas stopped effectually."
yet the doctor's cheery face was grave that morning and his brow waswrinkled as he unfastened the bandages.
beyond a slight stiffness ofcertain sinews and the natural soreness of the cut flesh, martin hadnever felt better in his life.
after a disturbed slumber, when hedreamed that he was choking a wildcat--a cat with angèle's face whichchanged suddenly in death to elsie herbert's smiling features--he layawake for some hours.
then the pain in his wrists abated gradually, hefell sound asleep, and mrs. bolland took care that he was left aloneuntil he awoke of his own accord at half-past eight, an unprecedentedhour.
so the boy laughed at his mother's fears.
her lips quivered, and shetried to choke back a sob.
the doctor turned on her angrily.
"i suppose you think i'm hoodwinking you.
it isnot so.
i am very much worried about another matter altogether, soplease accept my assurance that martin is all right.
he can run aboutall day, if he likes.
the only consequence of disturbing these cuts willbe that they cannot heal rapidly.
otherwise, they will be closedcompletely by the end of the week."
while he talked he worked.
the dressings were changed and fresh lintapplied.
he handed mrs. bolland a store of materials.
"there," he said, "i need not come again, but i'll call on monday, justto satisfy you.
apply the lotion morning and night.
youdid a brave thing, i hear.
he closed his bag hurriedly and rushed away.
mrs. bolland, drying hereyes, and quite satisfied now, went to the door and gazed after him.
"he's fair rattled wi' summat," she told another portly dame who laboredup the incline at the moment.
"he a'most snapped my head off.
did hethink a body wouldn't be scared wi' his talk about malignous p'ison i't' lad's bluid, i wonder?"
the doctor did not pull up outside the "black lion."
he drove to thevicarage--a circumstance which would most certainly have given mrs.bolland renewed cause for alarm, were she aware of it--and asked mr.herbert to walk in the garden with him for a few minutes.
the two conversed earnestly, and the vicar seemed to be greatly shockedat the outcome of their talk.
at last they arrived at a decision.
thedoctor hastened back to the "black lion."
he did not remain long in thesick room, but scribbled a note downstairs and gave it to his man.
"take that to mr. herbert," he said.
"i'll make a few calls on foot andmeet you at the bridge in a quarter of an hour."
the note read:"there is no hope.
things are exactly as i feared."
the vicar, looking most woebegone, murmured that there was no answer.
heprocured his hat and walked slowly to the inn, which was crowded, insideand out.
nearly every man knew him and spoke to him, and many noted that"t' passon looked varra down i' t' mooth this mornin'."
he went upstairs.
the conjecture flew around at once that pickering wasworse.
someone remembered that kitty thwaites said the patient hadexperienced a touch of fever overnight.
surely, his wound had notdeveloped serious symptoms.
the chief herd of his nottonby estate hadseen him during the preceding afternoon and found his master lookingwonderfully well.
indeed, pickering spoke of attending to some businessmatter in person on saturday, or on monday for certain.
why, then, thevicar's visit?
what did it portend?
people gathered in small groups andtheir voices softened.
by contrast, the blare of lively music and thewhistle of the roundabout were intolerably loud.
in the quiet room at the back of the hotel, with its scent of iodoformmingling with the sweet breath of the garden wafted in through an openwindow, pickering moved restlessly in bed.
his face was flushed, hiseyes singularly bright, with a glistening sheen that was abnormal.
by his side sat the pallid betsy, reading a newspaper aloud.
shefollowed the printed text with difficulty.
her mind was troubled.
thefatigue of nursing was nothing to one of her healthy frame, but herthoughts were terrifying.
she lived in a waking nightmare.
had she daredto weep, she might have felt relief, but this sure solace of womankindwas denied her.
the vicar's entrance caused a sensation.
betsy, in a quick access offear, dropped the paper, and pickering's face blanched.
some secretdoubt, some inner monitor, brought a premonition of what was to come.
heflinched from the knowledge, but only for a moment.
mr. herbert essayed most gallantly to adopt his customary cheerful mien.
"dr. macgregor asked me to call and see you, george," he said.
"i hopeyou are not suffering greatly."
"not at all, thanks, vicar.
just a trifle restless with fever, perhaps,but the wound is nothing, a mere cut.
i've had as bad a scratch and muchmore painful when thrusting through a thorn hedge after hounds."
that is well."
the reverend gentleman seemed to be strangely at a loss for words.
heglanced at betsy.
"would you mind leaving me alone with mr. pickering for a little while?"
the wounded man laughed, and there was a note in his voice that showedhow greatly the tension had relaxed.
"if that's what you're after, mr. herbert," he said promptly, "you mayrest assured that the moment i'm able to stir we'll be married.
i toldmr. beckett-smythe so yesterday."
"indeed; i am glad to hear it.
nevertheless, i want to talk with youalone."
the vicar's insistence was a different thing to the wish expressed by amagistrate and a police superintendent.
betsy went out at once.
for an appreciable time after the door had closed no word was spoken byeither of the men.
the vicar's eyes were fixed mournfully on the valley,through which a train was winding its way.
the engine left in its trackwhite wraiths of steam which vanished under the lusty rays of the sun.
the drone of the showman's organ playing "tommy atkins" reached thehardly conscious listeners as through a telephone.
from a distantcornfield came the busy rattle of a reaping machine.
the harvest hadcommenced a fortnight earlier than usual.
once again was the bounteousearth giving to man a hundredfold what he had sown.
"as ye sow, so shallye reap."
out there in the field were garnered the wages of honestendeavor; here in the room, with its hospital perfume, were beingawarded the wages of sin, for george pickering was condemned to death,and it was the vicar's most doleful mission to warn him of his doom.
"now, mr. herbert, pitch into me as much as you like," said the patient,breaking an uneasy silence.
"i've been a bad lot, but i'll try to makeamends.
betsy's case is a hard one.
you're a man of the world and youknow what the majority of these village lasses are like; but betsy----"the vicar could bear the suspense no longer.
he must perform his task,no matter what the cost.
"george," he broke in tremulously, "my presence here to-day is due to avery sad and irrevocable fact.
dr. macgregor tells me that yourcondition is serious, most serious.
indeed--indeed--there is no hope ofyour recovery."
pickering, who had raised himself on an elbow, gazed at the speaker foran instant with fiery eyes.
then, as though he grasped the purport ofthe words but gradually, he sank back on the pillow in the manner of onepressed down by overwhelming force.
the vicar moved his chair nearer andgrasped his friend's right hand.
"george," he murmured, "bear up, and try to prepare your soul for thatwhich is inevitable.
what are you losing?
a few years of joys andsorrows, to which the end must come.
and the end is eternity, comparedwith which this life is but a passing shadow."
pickering did not answer immediately.
he raised his body again.
he movedhis limbs freely.
he looked at a square bony wrist and stretched out thefree hand until he caught an iron rail, which he clenched fiercely.
inhis veins ran the blood of a race of yeomen.
his hardy ancestors hadexchanged blow for blow with scottish raiders who sought to steal theircattle.
they had cracked the iron rind of many a marauder, broken manya border skull in defense of their lives and property.
never had theyfeared death by flood or field, and their descendant scoffed at the grimvision now.
"what nonsense is this macgregor has been talking?"
aman like me!
by gad, vicar, i'd laugh, if i wasn't too vexed!"
"be patient, george, and hear me.
things are worse than you can guess.
your wound alone is a small matter, but, unfortunately, the knife----""there was no knife!
it was a pitchfork!"
"bear with me, i pray you.
you will need to conserve your energy, andyour protest only makes my duty the harder.
the knife has been submittedto analysis, as well as corpuscles of your blood.
alas, that it shouldfall to me to tell it!
alas, for the poor girl whom you have declaredyour intention to marry!
the knife had been used to carve grouse, andsome putrid matter from a shot wound had dried on the blade.
this wascommunicated to your system.
the wound was cleansed too late.
your bloodwas poisoned before the doctor saw you, and--and--there is no hope now."
the vicar bowed his head.
he dared not look in the eyes of the man towhom he was conveying this dire sentence.
he felt pickering subsidinggently to the pillow and straightening his limbs.
the words were uttered in a singularly calm voice--so calm that thepastor ventured to raise his sorrow-laden face.
perhaps three days.
perhaps a week.
but you will be delirious.
you have little time in which to prepare."
again a silence.
a faint shriek reached them from afar, the whistle ofthe train entering nottonby, the pleasant little town which pickeringwould never more see.
"what a finish!"
"i'd have liked it better in the saddle.
iwouldn't have cared a damn if i broke my neck after hounds."
another pause, and the vicar said gently:"have you made your will?"
"then it must be attended to at once."
"yes, of course.
then, there's betsy.
oh, god, i've treated her badly.
now, help me, won't you?
there's a hundred pounds in notes and sometwenty-odd in gold in that drawer.
telegraph first to stockwell, mylawyer in nottonby.
bring him here.
then, spare no money in getting alicense for my marriage.
i can't die unless that is put right.
don'tdelay, there's a good chap.
you have to apply to the archbishop, don'tyou?
you'll do everything, i know.
will you be a trustee under my will?"
"yes, if you wish it."
"it'll please me more than anything.
of course, i'll make it worth yourwhile.
i insist, i tell you.
don't lose a moment.
and, vicar, for heaven's sake, not a word to her until we are married.
i'll tell her the fever is serious; just that, and no more."
"one other matter, george.
mr. beckett-smythe will come here to-day orto-morrow to take your sworn deposition.
you must not die with a lie onyour conscience, however good the motive."
"i'll jump that fence when i reach it, mr. herbert.
meanwhile, thelawyer and the license.
the vicar left it at that.
he deemed it best to take the urgent measuresof the hour off the man's mind before endeavoring to turn his thoughtstoward a fitting preparation for the future state.
with a reassuringhandclasp, he left him.
the two sisters waylaid him in the passage.
"ye had but ill news, i fear, sir," said betsy despairingly, catchingmr. herbert by the arm.
the worried man stooped to deception.
"now, why should you jump to conclusions?"
"dr. macgregorasked me to look up his patient.
am i a harbinger of disaster, likemother carey's chickens?"
"oh, parson," she wailed, "i read it i' yer face, an' in t' doctor's.
don't tell me all is well.
i know better.
pray god i may die----""hush, my poor girl, you know not what you say.
go to mr. pickering.
he knew the appeal would be successful.
she darted off.
before kitty, inturn, could question him, he escaped.
it was easier to run the gantlet of friendly inquirers outside.
hetelegraphed to the solicitor and sent a telegraphic remittance of theheavy fees demanded for the special license.
within two hours he had thesatisfaction of knowing that the precious document was in the post andwould reach him next morning.
mr. stockwell's protests against pickering's testamentary designs werecut short by his client.
"look here, stockwell," was the irritated comment, "you are an oldfriend of mine and i'd like this matter to remain in your hands, but ifyou say another word i'll be forced to send for someone else."
"if you put it that way----" began the lawyer.
"i do, most emphatically.
now, what is it to be?
yes or no?"
for answer the legal man squared some foolscap sheets on a small tableand produced a stylographic pen.
"let me understand clearly," he said.
"you intend to marrythis--er--lady, and mean to settle four hundred a year on her for life?"
"suppose she marries again?"
"god in heaven, man, do you think i want to play dog-in-the-manger in mygrave?"
"then it had better take the form of a marriage settlement.
it is thestrongest instrument known in the law and avoids the death duties."
pickering winced, but the lawyer went on remorselessly.
he regarded themarriage as a wholly quixotic notion, and knew only too well that betsythwaites would be tried for murder if pickering died.
"have you no relatives?"
"i seem to recollect----""my cousin stanhope?
he's quite well off, an m.p., and likely to be madea baronet."
"he will not object to the chance of dropping in for £1,500 a year."
"do you think the estate will yield so much?"
"more, i imagine.
did you ever know what you spent?"
"well, is it to be this mr.
he never gave me a thought.
why should i endow him and his whelps?
let the lot go to the county council in aid of the county orphanage.
byjove, that's a good idea!
i like that."
demanded the lawyer.
you and mr. herbert are to be the trustees."
"the deuce we are.
who said so?"
"i say so.
you are to receive £50 a year each from the estate foradministering it."
that gilds the pill.
"i have nearly a thousand in the bank.
keep half as working capital,give a hundred to my company in the territorials, and divide thebalance, according to salary, among all my servants who have more thanfive years' service.
and--betsy is to have the use of the house andfurniture, if she wishes it."
pickering was exhausted, but continued to laugh weakly.
"yes; i had almost forgotten.
i bequeath to john bolland the shorthorncow he sold me, and to that lad of his--you must find out his propername--my pair of hammerless guns and my sword.
he frames to be asportsman, and i think he'll make a soldier.
he picked up a poker like ashot the other day when i quarreled with old john."
"what was the quarrel about?"
"when you send back the cow, you'll be told."
mr. stockwell scanned his notes rapidly.
"i'll put my clerks to work at this to-night," he said.
"as i am atrustee, my partner will attend to-morrow to get your signature.
ofcourse, you know you must be married before you make your will, or itwill be invalid?
before i go, george, are you sure it is all over withyou?"
"macgregor says so.
i suppose he knows."
"yes, he knows, if any man does.
yet i can't believe it.
it seemsmonstrous, incredible."
they gazed fixedly at each other.
of the two, the man of law was themore affected.
before either could speak again they heard betsy'sagonized cry:"oh, for god's sake, miss, don't tell me i may not be with him always!
i've done my best; i have, indeed.
i'll give neither him nor you anytrouble.
don't keep me away from him now, or i'll go mad!"
the lawyer, wondering what new frenzy possessed the woman who had struckdown his friend, opened the door.
he was confronted by a hospital nursesent by dr. macgregor.
she looked like a strong-minded person and wasprobably a stickler for the etiquette of the sick room.
he took in thesituation at a glance.
"there need be no difficulty, nurse, where miss thwaites is concerned,"he said.
"she is to be married to mr. pickering to-morrow, and as he hasonly a few days to live they should see as much of each other aspossible.
any other arrangement would irritate your patient greatly, andbe quite contrary to dr. macgregor's wishes, i am sure."
the nurse bowed, and betsy sobbed as the secret that was no secret toher was revealed.
none of the three realized that several men standingin the hall beneath, whose talk had been silenced by betsy's frenziedexclamation, must have heard every word the lawyer uttered.
so elmsdale was given another thrill, and a lasting one.
the feast wasruined.
not a man or a woman had heart for enjoyment.
if a child soughta penny, it was chided sharply and asked what it meant by gadding about"when poor george pickerin' an' that lass of his were in such trouble."
martin heard the news while standing outside the boxing booth, waitingfor the sparring competition to commence.
he went in, it is true, andsaw some hard hitting, but the tent was nearly empty.
when he and jimbates came out an hour later, elmsdale was a place of mourning.
a series of exciting events, each crowding on its predecessor's heels asthough some diabolical agency had resolved to disturb the community, hadroused the hamlet from its torpor.
five slow-moving years had passed since the village had been stirred sodeeply.
then it endured a fortnight's epidemic of suicide.
a travelingtinker began the uncanny cycle.
on a fine summer's day he was repairinghis kettles on a corner of the green, when he was observed to leave hislittle handcart and to go into a neighboring wood.
he did not return.
search next day discovered him swaying from a branch of a tall tree,looking like some forlorn scarecrow suspended there by a practicaljoker.
the following morning a soldier on furlough, one of the very men whohelped to cut down the tinker's body, went into a cow-house at the backof his mother's cottage and suspended himself from a rafter.
an oddfeature of this man's exit was that the rope had yielded so much thathis feet rested on the ground.
before the hanging he had actually cutletters out of his red-cloth tunic and formed the word, "farewell" in asemicircle on the stable floor.
a girl soon afterwards selected themill-dam for a consoling plunge; and, to crown all, the vicar, mr.herbert's forerunner, having received a telegram announcing the failureof a company in which he had invested some money, opened his jugularvein with a sharp scissors.
that these tragedies should happen within afortnight in a community of less than three hundred people was enough togive a life-insurance actuary an attack of hysteria.
but each lacked the dramatic flavor attached to the ill-governed passionof betsy thwaites and her fickle swain.
kitty was known to all inelmsdale, betsy to few, but george pickering was a popular manthroughout the whole countryside.
it was sensation enough that one ofhis many amours should result in an episode more typical of paris thanof an english sleepy hollow.
but the sequel--the marriage of thiswealthy gentleman-farmer to a mere dairymaid, followed by his death froma wound inflicted by the bride-to-be--this was undiluted melodrama drawnfrom the repertoire of the petit guignol.
that night the story spread over england.
a reporter from the_messenger_ came to elmsdale to glean the exact facts as to mr.pickering's "accident."
owing to the peculiar circumstances, he,perforce, showed much discretion in compiling the story telegraphed tothe press association.
not even the use of that magic word "alleged"would enable him to charge betsy thwaites with attempted murder, afterthe police had apparently withdrawn the accusation.
but he contrived toretail the legend by throwing utter discredit on it, and the rest wasplain sailing.
moreover, he was a smart young man.
he pondered deeplyafter dispatching the message.
he was employed on the staff of a localweekly newspaper, so his traveling allowance was limited to athird-class return ticket and a shilling for "tea."
yet he decided toremain in elmsdale at his own expense.
the departure of the germangovernment agent for another horse-fair left a vacant bedroom at the"black lion."
this he secured.
he foresaw a golden harvest.
luck favored him.
conversing with a village solon in the bar, he caughta remark that "john bolland's lad" would be an important witness at theinquest.
of course, he made inquiries and was favored with a full andaccurate account of the wanderings of the farmer and his wife in londonthirteen years earlier, together with their adoption of the baby whichhad literally fallen from the skies.
to the country journalist, fleetstreet is the mecca of his earthly pilgrimage, and st. martin's court,ludgate hill, was near enough to newspaperdom to be sacred ground.
thevery name of the boy smacked of "copy."
john bolland, lumbering out of the stockyard at tea-time, encountereddr. macgregor.
the farmer had been thinking hard while striding throughhis diminished cornfields, and crumbling ears of wheat, oats, and barleyin his strong hands to ascertain the exact date when they would be ripe.
already some of his neighbors were busy, but john was more anxious aboutthe condition of the straw than the forwardness of the grain; moreover,men and women did not work so well during feast-time.
next week he wouldobtain full measure for his money.
"i reckon martin'll soon be fit?"
the doctor nodded.
"he's a bright lad, yon?"
went on the farmer.
what are you going to make of him?"
dr. macgregor knew the ways of elmsdale folk.
they required leading upto a subject by judicious questioning.
rarely would they unburden theirminds by direct statements.
"that's what's worryin' me," said john slowly.
"what d'ye think yersen,docthor?"
"it is hard to say.
it all hinges on what you intend doing for him,bolland.
he is not your son.
if he has to depend on his own resourceswhen he's a man, teach him a useful trade.
no matter how able he may be,that will never come amiss."
the farmer gazed around.
as men counted in that locality, he was rich,not in hard cash, but in lands, stock, and tenements.
his expenses didnot grow proportionately with his earnings.
he ate and dressed andeconomized now as on the day when martha and he faced the worldtogether, with the white house and its small meadows their onlybelongings.
in a few years the produce of his shorthorn herd alonewould bring in hundreds annually, and his cleveland bays were notedthroughout the county.
he took the doctor's hint.
"i've nayther chick nor child but martin," he said.
"when martha an' meare gone te t' lord, all that we hev'll be martin's.
that's settled langsyne.
i med me will four years agone last easter."
there was something behind this, and macgregor probed again.
"isn't he cut out for a farmer?"
"i hae me doots," was the cautious answer.
the doctor waited, so john continued.
"i was sair set on t' lad being a minister.
but i judge it's not t'lord's will.
he's of a rovin' stock, i fancy.
when he's a man, elmsdalewon't be big eneuf te hold him.
he cooms frae lunnon, an' te lunnonhe'll gang.
it's in his feäce.
lunnon's a bad pleäce for a youngsterwheä kens nowt but t' ways o' moor folk, docthor."
then the other laughed.
"in a word, bolland, you have made up your mind, and want me to agreewith you.
of course, if martin succeeds you, and you have read hischaracter aright, there is but one line open.
send him to a good school,leave the choice of a profession to his more cultivated mind, and tie upyour property so that it cannot be sold and wasted in a young man'sfolly.
when he is forty he may be glad to come back to elmsdale and givethanks for your foresight on his bended knees.
in any event, a littleextra book lore will make him none the worse stock-raiser.
eh, is thatwhat you think?"
"you're a sound man, docthor.
there's times i wunner hoo it happens yecling te sike nonsense as that mad dutchman----"macgregor laughed again, and nudged his groom's arm as a signal to driveon.
he favored neither church nor chapel, but claimed a devotedadherence to the doctrines of emanuel swedenborg, thus forming a sectunto himself.
there was not a swedenborgian temple within a hundredmiles.
mayhap the doctor's theological views had a geographicalfoundation.
the farmer lumbered across the street and took a corner of the crowdedtea-table.
mrs. summersgill was entertaining the company with adescription of george pickering's estate.
"it's a meracle, that's what it is!"
"te think of betsythwaites livin' i' style in yon fine hoos!
there's a revenue o' treesquarther of a mile long, an' my husband sez t' high-lyin' land grows t'best wuts (oats) i' t' county.
an' she's got it by a prod wi' acarving-knife, while a poor body like me hez te scrat sae hard for alivin' that me fingers are worn te t' bone!"
mrs. summersgill weighed sixteen stone, but she was heedless of satire.
her eye fell on martin, eating silently, but well.
"some folks git their bread easy, i'm sure," she went on.
"ivver sen iwas a bit lass i've tewed and wrowt an' mead sike deed ower spendin'hawpenny, whiles uthers hev a silver spoon thrust i' their gob frae t'time they're born!"
"t' lord gives, an' t' lord taks away.
ye munnot fly i' t' feäce o' t'lord," said bolland.
"i'm not built for flyin' anywhere," cried the old lady.
"i wish i was.
'tis flighty 'uns as wins nowadays.
look at betsy thwaites!
look at mrs.saumarez!
she mun hae gotten her money varra simple te fling it about asshe does.
my man telt me that her little gal, t' other neet----""yer cup's empty, mrs. summersgill," put in martha quickly.
"bless myheart, ye talk an' eat nowt.
speakin' o' mrs. saumarez, hez anyone heerdif she's better?
one o' miss walker's maids said she was poorly."
martin caught his mother's eye, and rose.
he went upstairs; the farmerfollowed him.
the two sat near the window; on the broad ledge reposedthe bible; but bolland did not open the book.
he laid his hand on itreverently and looked at the boy.
"martin," he began, "yer muther tells me that benson med yer mind sairby grabbin' te t' squire aboot yer bringin' up.
nay, lad, ye needn't sayowt.
'tis no secret.
we on'y kept it frae ye for yer good.
anyhow, 'tiskent noo, an' there's nae need te chew on 't.
what troubled me maist wasyer muther's defiance when i was minded te punish ye for bein' outlate."
"it won't occur again, sir," said martin quietly.
t' spirit is willin', but t' flesh is wake.
noo, i want astraight answer te a straight question.
are these bible lessons te yerlikin'?"
it was so rare for the farmer to speak in this downright fashion thatthe boy was alarmed.
he knew not what lay behind; but he had not earnedhis reputation for honesty on insufficient grounds.
"no, they're not," he said.
"t' minister said so.
"i can hardly explain.
for one thing, i don't understand what i read.
and often i would like to be out in the fields or on the moor when i'mforced to be here.
all the same, i do try hard, and if i thought itwould please you and mother, i'd do much more than give up half an houra day."
'tis compulsion, not love.
i telt t' minister that paul urgedinsistence in season an' out o' season, but he held that the teachin'applied te doctrine, an' not te bible lessons for t' young.
well,martin, i've weighed this thing, an' not without prayer.
i've seen manya field spoiled by bad farmin', an', when yer muther calls my own hiredmen te help her ageän me; when a lad like you goes fightin' younggentlemen aboot a lass; when yon frenchified ninny eggs ye on te spendmoney like watter, an' yer muther gies ye t' brass next day te pay mrs.saumarez, lest it should reach my ears--why, i've coom te believe thatmy teachin' is mistakken."
martin was petrified at hearing his delinquencies laid bare in thismanner.
he had not realized that the extravagant display of monday mustevoke comment in a small village, and that bolland could not fail tointerpret correctly his wife's anxiety to hush up all reference to it.
he blushed and held his tongue, for the farmer was speaking again.
"t' upshot of all this is that i've sought counsel.
ye're an honest lad,i will say that fer ye, but ye're a lad differin' frae those of yer agei' elmsdale.
if all goes well wi' me, ye'll nivver want food norlodgin', but an idle man is a wicked man, nine times out o' ten, an'i'd like te see ye sattled i' summat afore i go te my rest.
you're notcut out fer t' ministry, ye're none for farmin', an' i'd sooner see yedead than dancin' around t' countryside after women, like poor georgepickerin'.
soa ye mun gang te college an' sharpen yer wits, an' happenfower or five years o' delvin' i' books'll shape yer life i' differentgait te owt i can see at this minnit.
what think you on't?"
"oh, i should like it better than anything else in the world."
the boy's eyes sparkled at this most unlooked-for announcement.
neverbefore had his heart so gone out to the rugged old man whose sternglance was now searching him through the horn-rimmed spectacles.
what magician had transformed john bolland?
was it possible that beneaththe patriarchial inflexibility of the rugged farmer's character therelay a spring of human tenderness, a clear fountain hidden by half acentury of toil and narrow religion, but now unearthed forcibly bycircumstances stronger than the man himself?
the boy could not put thesequestions into words.
he was too young to understand even the meaning ofpsychological analysis.
he could only sit there mute, stunned by theglory of the unexpected promise.
of course, if a thinker like dr. macgregor were aware of all the facts,he would have seen that the rebellion of martha had been a lightningstroke.
the few winged words she shot at her husband on that memorablenight had penetrated deeper than she thought.
it chanced, too, that therevivalist preacher whom bolland took into his confidence was a man ofsound common sense, and much more acute in private life than anyonecould imagine who witnessed his methods of hammering the gospel intothe dullards of the village.
he it was who advised a timely diminutionof devotional exercises which were likely to become distasteful to aspirited lad.
he recommended the farmer to educate martin beyond thecommon run, while the choice of a profession might be left to maturerconsideration.
among the many influences conspiring in that hour to moldthe boy's future life, none was more wholesome than that of thetub-thumping preacher.
bolland seemed to be gratified by martin's tongue-tied enthusiasm.
"well," he said, rising.
"noo my hand's te t' plow i'll keep it there.
remember, martin, when ye tak te study t' word o' yer own accord, ye canstart at t' second chapter o' t' third book o' kings.
i'll be throng wi't' harvest until t' middle o' september, but i'll ax mr. herbert terecommend a good school.
he's a fair man, if he does lean ower much tet' romans.
soa, fer t' next few days, run wild an' enjoy yersen.
happenye'll never hae as happy a time again."
he patted the boy's head, a rare sign of sentiment, and walked heavilyout of the room.
martin saw him cross the road and clout a stable-boy'sears because the yard was not swept clean.
then he called to hisforeman, and the two went off to the low-lying meadows.
bolland had beenturning over in his mind mrs. saumarez's remarks about draining; theywere worthy of consideration and, perhaps, of experiment.
martin remained standing at the window.
so he was to leave elmsdale, goout into the wide world beyond the hills, mix with people who spoke andacted and moved like the great ones of whom he had read in books.
hewas glad of it; oh, so glad!
he would learn greek and latin, french andgerman.
no longer would the queer-looking words trouble his eyes.
theirmeaning would be made clear to his understanding.
he would soon acquirethat nameless manner of which the squire, the vicar, mrs. saumarez, theyoung university students he met yesterday, possessed the secret.
elsieherbert had it, and angèle was veneered with it, though in her case heknew quite well that the polish was only skin deep.
it was what he had longed for with all his heart, yet now that thelonging was to be appeased he had never felt more drawn to his parents;his only by adoption, it was true; but nevertheless father and mother byevery tie known to him.
by the way, whose child was he?
no one had told him the literal mannerin which he fell into the hands of the bollands.
probably his realprogenitors were dead long since.
were it not for the kindness of thefarmer and his wife he might have been reared in that awful place, the"union," of which the poverty-stricken old people in the parish spokewith such dread.
his own folk must have been poor.
those who were welloff were fond of their children and loth to part from them.
well, hemust be a real son to john and martha bolland.
they should have reasonto be proud of him.
he would do nothing to disgrace their honored name.
what was it his father said just now?
when he studied the bible of hisown accord he might begin at the second chapter of the second book ofkings.
it would please the old man to know that he gave the first moment ofliberty to reading the word which was held so precious.
he opened thebook at the page where the long, narrow strip of black silk marked theclose of the last lesson.
for the first time in his life the boy broughtto bear on the task an unaided and sympathetic intelligence, and this iswhat he read:     "now the days of david drew nigh that he should die; and he charged     solomon his son, saying,     "i go the way of all the earth: be thou strong therefore, and shew     thyself a man;     "and keep the charge of the lord thy god, to walk in his ways, to     keep his statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and his     testimonies, as it is written in the law of moses, that thou mayest     prosper in all that thou doest, and whithersoever thou turnest     thyself:     "that the lord may continue his word which he spake concerning me,     saying, if thy children take heed to their way, to walk before me     in truth with all their heart and with all their soul, there shall     not fail thee (said he) a man on the throne of israel."
not even a boy of fourteen could peruse these words unmoved, coming, asthey did, after the memorable interview with bolland.
the black lettersseemed to martin to have fiery edges.
they burnt themselves into hisbrain.
in years to come they were fated to stand out unbidden before theeyes of his soul many a time and oft.
he read on, but soon experienced the old puzzled feeling when heencountered the legacy of revenge which david bequeathed to his sonafter delivering that inspired message.
it reminded martin of thefarmer's dignified and quite noble-hearted renunciation of his owndreams in order to follow what he thought was the better way, to besucceeded by his passage to the farm buildings across the road in orderto box the ears of a lazy hind.
ere he closed the book, martin went over the opening verses of thechapter.
he promised himself to obey the injunctions therein contained,and it was with a host of unformed ideals churning in his brain that hedescended the stairs.
mrs. bolland was gazing through the front door.
"mercy on us," she cried, "if there isn't mrs. saumarez coomin' doon t'road wi' t' nuss an' her little gell.
an' don't she look ill, poorthing!
i'll lay owt she hez eaten summat as disagreed wi' her, an' itgev her a bilious attack."
"dod, ay," said mrs. summersgill.
"some things are easy te swallow, buthard te digest.
ye could hev knocked me down wi' a feather when ourtommy bolted a glass ally last june twelve months."
mrs. saumarez did indeed look unwell.
it was not that her pallor wasmarked or her gait feeble; obviously, she had applied cosmetics to herface, and her carriage was as imposing and self-possessed as ever.
buther cheeks were swollen, her eyes bloodshot, her eyelids puffy anddiscolored.
to a certain extent, too, she simulated the appearance ofillness by wearing a veil of heliotrope tint, for it was part of herintent to-day to persuade elmsdale that her complete seclusion from itssociety during the past forty-eight hours was due to a cause beyond herown control.
in very truth this was so; she suffered from a malady far worse than anycase of dyspepsia ever diagnosed by doctor.
the unfortunate woman was anerratic dipsomaniac.
she would exist for weeks without being troubled bya craving for drink; then, without the slightest warning or contributoryerror on her part, the demon of intoxication would possess her, and sheyielded so utterly as to become a terror to her immediate associates.
the normandy nurse, françoise, exercised a firmer control over her thanany other maid she had ever employed; hence, françoise's services wereretained long after other servants had left their mistress in disgust orfright.
this distressing form of lunacy seemed also to account for theroving life led by mrs. saumarez.
she was proud, with the inbredarrogance of the junker class from which she sprang.
she would notendure the scorn, or, mayhap, the sympathy of her friends or dependants.
whenever she succumbed to her malady she usually left that place on thefirst day she was able to travel.
but the elmsdale attack, thanks to a limited supply of brandy and eau decologne, was of brief duration.
françoise knew exactly what to do.
everydrop of alcoholic liquor--even the methylated spirit used for heatingcurling-irons--must be kept out of her mistress's way during the ensuingtwenty-four hours, and a deaf ear turned to frantic pleadings for thesmallest quantity of any intoxicant.
threats, tears, pitiable requests,physical violence at times, must be disregarded callously; then wouldcome reaction, followed by extreme exhaustion.
françoise, despising hergerman mistress, nevertheless had the avaricious soul of a frenchpeasant, and was amassing a small fortune by attending to her.
the misses walker were so eager to retain their wealthy guest that theypretended absolute ignorance of her condition.
they succeeded sowell--their own dyspeptic symptoms were described with such ingenuouszeal--that the lady believed her secret was unknown to the household atthe elms.
oddly enough, certain faculties remained clear during these attacks.
shetook care that the chauffeur should not see her, and remembered alsothat young martin bolland had conversed with her while she was in theworst paroxysm of drink-craving.
he was a quick boy, observant beyondhis age.
what did he know?
what wondrous tale had he spread through thevillage?
a visit to his mother, a meeting with the gossip-loving womensure to be gathered beneath the farmer's hospitable roof, would tell herall.
she nerved herself for the ordeal, and approached slowly,fearfully, but outwardly dignified as ever.
mrs. bolland's hearty greeting was reassuring.
"eh, my lady, but ye do look poorly, te be sure.
i've bin worritin' tethink ye've mebbe bin upset by all this racket i' t' place, when ye kemhere for rest an' quiet."
mrs. saumarez smiled.
"oh, no, thank you, mrs. bolland," she said.
"i cannot blame elmsdale,except, perhaps, that your wonderful air braced up my appetite toogreatly, and i had to pay the penalty for so many good things to eat."
"ay, i said so," chimed in mrs. summersgill, in the accents of deepconviction.
"ower much grub an' nowt te do is bad for man or beast."
mrs. saumarez laughed frankly at that.
"in which category do you place me, mrs.
meanwhile, her eyes wandered to where martin stood.
she was askingherself why the boy should gaze so fixedly at angèle.
the stout party did not know what a category was.
she thought it wassome species of malady.
"well, ma'am," she cried, "if i was you, i'd try rabbit meat for a fewdays.
eat plenty o' green stuff an' shun t' teapot.
it's slow p'ison."
she stretched out a huge arm and poured out a cup of tea.
there was ageneral laugh at this forgetfulness.
mrs. summersgill waved asidecriticism.
she went on, "it's easier te preach than te practice, as t'man said when he fell off a haystack efther another man shooted tiv himte ho'd fast."
mrs. saumarez took a seat.
thus far, matters had gone well.
but why didmartin avoid her?
"martin, my little friend," she said, "why did you not come in and seeme yesterday when you called at the elms?"
"miss walker did not wish it," was the candid answer.
"i suppose shethought i might be in the way when you were so ill.""there nivver was sike a bairn," protested martha bolland.
"he's closeas wax sometimes.
not a wud did he say, whether ye were ill or well,mrs.
the lady's glance rested more graciously on the boy.
she noticed hisbandaged arms and hands.
"what is the matter?"
"have you been scalding yourself?"
it was angèle who answered quickly:"you were too indisposed last night to hear the story, chère maman.
itwas all over the village.
il y a tout le monde qui sait.
martin savedelsie herbert from a wildcat.
it almost tore him into little pieces."
and so the conversation glided safely away from the delicate topic ofmrs. saumarez's sudden ailment.
she praised martin's bravery in herpolished way.
she expressed proper horror when the wildcat's skin wasbrought in for her edification, and became so lively, so animated, thatshe actually asked mrs. bolland for some tea, notwithstanding mrs.summersgill's earnest warnings.
she made a hearty meal.
françoise, too, joined in the feast, her homelynorman face perceptibly relaxing its grim vigilance.
her mistress wassafe now, for a month, two months, perchance six.
the desire for foodwas the ultimate sign of complete recovery--for the time.
had mrs.saumarez dared ask for a glass of beer from the majestic cask in thecorner, françoise would have prevented her from taking it, using forceif necessary.
the sturdy peasant from tinchebrai was of stronger moralfiber than the born aristocrat, and her mistress knew it.
martin stood somewhat shyly near the broad ingle.
shecaressed his lint-wrapped arms, saying sweetly:"do they pain you a great deal?"
"of course not.
they're just a bit sore to the touch--that's all."
his manner was politely repellant.
he wished she would not pat him withher nervous fingers.
she pawed him like a playful cat.
to-day she worethe beautiful muslin frock he had admired so greatly on the first day ofthe fair.
the deep brim of her hat concealed her eyes from all but his.
"i am quite jealous of elsie," she murmured.
"it must be simply lovelyto be rescued in that way.
poor little me!
at home nursing mamma, whileyou were fighting for another girl!"
"the thing was not worth so much talk.
i did nothing that any other boywould not have done."
"my wud," cried mrs. summersgill suddenly, "it'd do your little lass apower o' good te git some o' that fat beäcan intiv her, mrs.
from the smoke-blackened rafters over the spacious fireplace werehanging a dozen sides of home-cured bacon, huge toothsome slabssuggesting mounds of luscious rashers.
the sturdy boy beneath gave proofthat there was good nutriment in such ample store, but the girl was sofragile, so fairy-like in her gossamer wings, that she might have beenreared on the scent of flowers.
the attention thus drawn to the two caused martin to flush again, butangèle wheeled round.
"do all pigs grow fat when they are old?"
"nay, lass, that they don't.
we feed 'em te mak' 'em fat while they'reyoung, but some pigs are skinny 'uns always."
mrs. saumarez smiled indulgently at this passage between two suchsharp-tongued combatants.
angèle's eyes blazed.
françoise, eatingsteadily, wondered what had been said to make the women laugh, the childangry.
angèle caught the astonished expression on the nurse's face.
quickly hermood changed.
françoise sat near.
she bent over and whispered:"tiens, nanna!
voici une vieille truie qui parle comme nous autres!"
françoise nearly choked under a combination of protest and bread crumbs.
before she could recover her breath at hearing mrs. summersgilldescribed "an old sow who talks like one of us!"
angèle cried airily tomartin:"take me to the stables.
i haven't seen the pony and the dogs for daysand days."
he was glad to escape.
he dreaded mrs. summersgill's mordant humor if awar of wits broke out between her and the girl.
"all right," he said.
"i'll whistle for curly and jim at the back andjoin you at the gate."
but angèle skipped lightly toward her hostess.
"please, mrs. bolland," she said coaxingly, "may i not go through theback kitchen, too?"
"sure-ly, honey," cried martha.
"one way's as good as another.
martin,tak t' young leddy anywheres she wants te go, an' dinnat be so gawky.
she won't bite ye."
the two passed into the farmyard.
"you see, martin," explained angèle coolly, "i must find out how jimbates and tommy beadlam always get hold of you without other peoplebeing the wiser.
show me the lane and the paddock they tell me of."
"i don't see why it should interest you," was the ungracious reply.
"you dear boy!
are you angry yet because i wouldn't let you kiss me theother night?"
he was compelled to laugh at the outrageous untruth.
"i'm afraid i spoke very crossly then," he admitted, thinking it best toavoid argument.
i wept for hours.
my poor little eyes were sore yesterday.
look and see if they are red now."
they were standing behind the woodpile.
she thrust her face temptinglynear.
her beautiful eyes, clear and limpid in their dark depths, blinkedsaucily.
her parted lips revealed two rows of white, even teeth, and hersweet breath mingled with the fragrance that always clung to hergarments.
he experienced a new timidity now; he was afraid of her inthis mood, though secretly flattered by the homage she was paying.
"martin," she whispered, "i like you better than any of the other boys,oh, a great deal better, even though evelyn atkinson does say you are amilksop."
what a hateful word to apply to one whose flesh was scarred by the clawsof an infuriated wildcat conquered in fair fight.
heknew angèle's ways well enough by this time to give convincing proofthat he was no milksop.
he placed his bandaged right arm around her waist, boldly drew hertoward him, and kissed her three times--on the lips.
"that is more than i ever did to evelyn atkinson," he said.
she returned the embrace with ardor.
"oh, martin, i do love you," she sighed.
"and you fought for me as wellas for elsie, didn't you?"
if the thought were grateful to angèle, it stung the boy's conscience.
under what different circumstances had he defended the two girls!
hegrew scarlet with confusion and sought to unclasp those twining arms.
"someone may see us," he protested.
"i don't care," she cooed.
"tommy beadlam is watching us now over thehedge.
tell him to go away."
he wrenched himself free.
true enough, "white head" was gazing at them,eyes and mouth wide open.
but the spell was broken, and the three joined company to make a tour ofthe farm.
angèle was quite unembarrassed and promptly rescued both boysfrom sheepishness.
she knew that the observant "white head" wouldharrow evelyn atkinson's soul with a full description of the tenderepisode behind the big pile of wood.
this pleased her more than martin'sgruff "spooning."
inside the farmhouse conversation progressed vigorously.
mrs. saumarezjoined in the talk with zest.
the quaint gossip of the women interestedher.
she learnt, seemingly with surprise, that these, her humblesisters, were swayed by emotions near akin to her own.
some quietchronicle of a mother's loss by the death of a soldier son in far-offsouth africa touched a dormant chord in her heart.
"my husband was killed in that foolish war," she said.
"i never think ofit without a shudder."
"i reckon he'd be an officer, ma'am," said martha.
"yes; he was shot while leading his regiment in a cavalry charge at themodder river."
"it's a dreadful thing, is war," observed the bereaved mother.
"my ladwouldn't hurt a fly, yet his capt'in wrote such a nice letter, sayin' ashow willie had killed four boers afore he was struck down.
t' capt'inmeant it kindly, no doot, but it gev me small consolation."
"it is the wives and mothers who suffer most.
men like the army.
isuppose if my child were a boy he would enter the service."
"thank the lord, martin won't be a sojer!"
cried martha fervently.
"you're going to make him a minister, are you not?"
"noa," said john bolland's deep voice from the door.
"he's goin' tocollege.
i've settled it to-day."
none present appreciated the force of this statement like martha, andshe resented such a momentous decision being arrived at without herknowledge.
her head bent, and twitching fingers sought the ends of herapron.
john strode ponderously forward and placed a huge hand on hershoulder.
"dinnat be vexed, martha," he said gently.
"i hadn't a chance te speakwi' ye sen dr. macgregor an' me had a bit crack about t' lad.
i didn'tneed te coom te you for counsel.
who knew better'n me that yer heart wasset on martin bein' browt up a gentleman?"
this recognition of motherly rights somewhat mollified his wife.
"eh, but i'm main pleased, john," she said.
"yet i'll be sorry to losehim."
"ye'll wear yer knuckles te t' bone makkin' him fine shirts an' fallals,all t' same," laughed her husband.
mrs. saumarez had seen the glint of tears in mrs. bolland's eyes, andcame to the rescue with a request for a second cup of tea.
"england is fortunate in being an island," she said.
"now, in my nativeland every man has to serve in the army.
it cannot be avoided, you know.
germany has france on the one hand and russia on the other, each readyto spring if she relaxes her vigilance for a moment."
"is that so?"
"i wunner why?"
the lady smiled.
"that is a wide political question," she replied.
"to give one reasonout of many, look at our--at germany's thousand miles of open frontier."
"right enough, ma'am.
but why is jarmany buildin' such a big fleet?"
mrs. saumarez raised her lorgnette.
she had not expected so apt aretort.
"she is gathering colonies, and already owns a huge mercantile marine.
surely, these interests call for adequate protection?"
"nobody's threatenin' 'em, so far as i can see," persisted bolland.
"not at present.
but a wise government looks ahead of the hour.
germany's aim is to educate the world by her culture.
she is doing italready, as any of your own well-informed leading men will tell you; butthe time may come when, in her zeal for advancement, she may tread onsomebody's toes, so she must be prepared, both on land and sea.
fortunately, this is the one country she will never attack."
john shook his head.
"i'm none so sure," he said slowly.
"i hevn't much time fer readin', buti did happen t' other day on a speech by lord roberts which med me scratme head.
beg pardon, ma'am.
i mean it med me think."
began the lady scornfully.
then she sipped her tea, andthe pause gave time to collect her wits.
"you must remember that he is aprofessional soldier, and his views are tainted by militarism."
"isn't that the trouble i' jarmany?"
mrs. saumarez drank more tea.
"circumstances alter cases," she said.
"the broad fact remains thatgermany harbors no evil designs against great britain.
she believes theworld holds plenty of room for both powers.
and, when all is said anddone, why should the two nations quarrel?
they are kith and kin.
theylook at life from the same viewpoints.
even their languages are alike.
hardly a word in your quaint yorkshire dialect puzzles me now, because irecognize its source in the older german and in the current speech ofour baltic provinces.
germany and england should be friends, notenemies.
it will be a happy day for england when she ceases worryingabout german measures of self-defense, but tries, rather, to imitate herwonderful achievements in every field of science.
any woman who usesfabrics need not be told how germany has taught the whole world how tomake aniline dyes, while her chemists are now modernizing the old-timetheories of agriculture.
you, mr. bolland, as a practical farmer, cansurely bear out that contention?"
"steady on, ma'am," said bolland, leaning forward, with hands on knees,and with eyes fixed on the speaker in an almost disconcerting intensity.
"t' jarmans hev med all t' wo'ld _buy_ their dyes, but there hezn't beenmuch _teachin'_, as i've heerd tell of.
as for farmin', they coom hereyear after year an' snap up our best stock i' horses an' cattle teimprove their own breeds.
_i_ can't grummel at that.
they compete wi' t'argentine an' t' united states, an' up go my prices.
still, i do thinkour government is te blame for lettin' our finest stallions an' broodmares leave t' country.
they differ frae cattle.
they're bowt for use i't' army, an' we're bein' drained dhry.
that's bad for us.
an' why arethey doin' it?"
mrs. saumarez pushed away her cup and saucer.
she laughed nervously,with the air of one who had gone a little further than was intended.
she cried pleasantly.
"i am only trying to show yougermany's open aims, but some englishmen persist in attributing ahostile motive to her every act.
you see, i know germany, and few peoplehere trouble either to learn the language or visit the country."
"likely not, ma'am," was the ironical answer.
"mr. pickerin' went tesome pleäce--bremen, i think they call it--two year sen this july, tesee a man who'd buy every cleveland bay he could offer.
george had justbeen med an officer i' t' territorials--which meant a week's swankin'aboot i' uniform at a camp, an' givin' his men free beer an' pork pieste attend a few drills--an' he was fule enough te carry a valise wi' hisrank an' regiment painted on it.
why, they watched him like a catwatchin' a mouse.
he couldn't eat a bite or tak a pint o' their lightbeer that a 'tec wasn't sittin' at t' next table.
they fairly chased himaway.
even his friend, the hoss-buyer, got skeered at last, an' advisedhim te quit te avoid arrest."
"that must have been a wholly exceptional case," said mrs. saumarez,speaking in a tone of utter indifference.
"had _i_ known him, forinstance, and given him a letter of introduction, he would have beenwelcomed, not suspected.
by the way, how is he?
i hear----"the conversation was steered into a safer channel.
they were discussingthe wounded man's condition when mrs. saumarez's car passed.
the doorstood open, so they all noted that the vehicle was white with dust, butthe chauffeur was the sole occupant.
"her ladyship" was pleased to explain.
"it is a new car, so fritz took it for a long spin to-day," she said.
"you will understand, mr. bolland, that the engine has to find itself,as the phrase goes."
"expensive work, ma'am," smiled john, rising.
"an' now, good folk," hecontinued, "wheä's coomin' te t' love feast?"
there was a general movement.
the assembly dear to old-time methodismappealed to the majority of the company.
mrs. saumarez raised herlorgnette once more.
"what is a love feast?"
"it's a gathering o' members o' our communion, ma'am," was bolland'sready answer.
"may i come, too?"
instantly a rustle of surprise swept through her hearers.
even johnbolland was so taken aback that he hesitated to reply.
but the ladyseemed to be in earnest.
"i really mean it," she went on.
"i have a spare hour, and, as i don'tcare for dinner to-night, i'll be most pleased to attend--that is, if imay?"
the farmer came nearer.
he looked at the bulbous eyelids, the too-evenlytinted skin, the turgid veins in the brilliant eyes, and perhaps sawmore than mrs. saumarez dreamed.
"happen it'll be an hour well spent, ma'am," he said quietly.
"admissionis by membership ticket, but t' minister gev' me a few 'permits' foroutside friends, an' i'll fill yan in for ye wi' pleasure."
he produced some slips of paper bearing the written words, "admitbrother" or "sister ----," and signed, "eli todd."
with a stubby pencilhe scrawled "saumarez" in a blank space.
the lady thanked him, and gavesome instructions in french to françoise.
five minutes later "sistersaumarez," escorted by "brother" and "sister" bolland, entered thevillage meetinghouse.
the appearance of a fashionable dame in their midst created a mildsensation among the small congregation already collected.
they weremostly old or middle-aged people; youngsters were conspicuous by theirabsence.
there was a dance that night in a tent erected in a field closeto the chapel; in the boxing booth the semi-final round would be foughtfor the elmsdale championship.
against these rival attractions thegospel was not a "draw."
gradually the spacious but bare room--so unlike all that mrs. saumarezknew of churches--became fairly well filled.
as the church clock chimedthe half-hour after six the rev.
eli todd came in from a neighboringclassroom.
this was the preacher with the powerful voice, but hisbell-like tones were subdued and reverent enough in the opening prayer.
he uttered a few earnest sentences and quickly evoked responses from thepeople.
the first time john bolland cried "amen!"
mrs. saumarez started.
she thought her friend had made a mistake, and her nerves were on edge.
but the next period produced a hearty "hallelujah!"
and others joined inwith "glory be!"
"thy will, o lord!"
and kindred ejaculations.
one incident absolutely amazed her.
the minister was reciting the lord'sprayer.
"give us this day our daily bread," he said.
"and no baccy, lord!"
growled a voice from the rear of the chapel.
the minister had a momentary difficulty in concluding the petition, anda broad grin ran through the congregation.
mrs. saumarez learnedsubsequently that the interrupter was a converted poacher, who abandonedhis pipe, together with gun and beer jug, "when he found christ."
elitodd was a confirmed smoker, and the two were ever at variance on thepoint.
all stood up when their pastor gave out the opening verses of a hymn:     _o what a joyful meeting there,       in robes of white arrayed;     palms in our hands we all shall bear       and crowns upon our heads._the joyous energy of his declamation, the no less eager volume of soundthat arose from the congregation, atoned for any deficiencies of meteror rhyme.
the village worshipers lost themselves in the influence of themoment.
with spiritual vision they saw the last great meeting, andthundered vociferously the closing lines of the chorus:     _and then we shall in heaven reign,     and never, never part again._"grace before meat" was sung, and, to mrs. saumarez's greatdiscomfiture, bread and water were passed round.
each one partook saveherself; bolland, with real tact, missed her in handing the tray andpitcher to the other occupants of their pew.
"grace after meat" followed, and forthwith eli todd began to deliver anaddress.
his discourse was simple and well reasoned, dealing whollywith the sustenance derived from god's saving spirit.
it may be that theunexpected presence of a stranger like mrs. saumarez exercised aslightly unnerving influence, as he spoke more seriously and with lessdramatic intensity than was his wont.
suddenly he rebelled against this sensation of restraint.
changing, withthe skill of a born revivalist, from the rounded periods of ordinaryenglish to the homely vernacular of the district, he thundered out:"there's noa cittidell o' sin 'at god cannot destroy.
ay, friends, t'sword o' t' spirit s'all oppen a way through walls o' brass an' ironyats (gates).
weän't ye jine his conquerin' army?
he's willin' te listye noo.
there's none o' yer short service whilst ye deä t' lord'swork--it's for ivver an' ivver, an' yer pension is life ivverlastin'."
and so the curious service went to its end, which came not until variousmembers of the congregation made public confession of faith, personalstatements which often consisted of question and answer between pastorand penitent.
it was a strange interrogatory.
eli todd had a ready quip,a quick appreciation, an emphatic or amusing disclaimer, for each andevery avowal of broad-minded christianity or intolerant views.
for thesedalesfolk did not all think alike.
some were inclined to damn others whodid not see through the myopic lenses of their own spiritual spectacles.
the preacher would have none of this exclusive righteousness.
as hesaid, in his own strenuous way:"the lord is ivverywhere.
he isn't a prisoner i' this little roomte-night.
he's yonder i' t' street amang t' organs an' shows.
he'syonder i' t' tent where foolish youths an' maidens cannot see him.
if yeseek him ye'll find him, ay, in the abodes of sin and the palaces ofwantonness.
no door can be closed to his saving mercy, no heart toohardened to resist his love."
as it happened, his glance fell on mrs. saumarez as he uttered theconcluding words, and his voice unconsciously tuned itself to suit herunderstanding.
she dropped her eyes, and the observant minister thoughtthat she was reading a personal meaning into his address.
at once he began the "doxology," which was sung with great fervor, andthe love feast broke up after a brief prayer.
mr. todd overtook mrs.saumarez on the green.
bolland and his wife were escorting her to theelms.
"i hope you liked the service, madam," he said politely.
"i thought it most interesting," she answered slowly.
"i think i shallcome again."
he took off his hat and assured her that she would always be welcome atbethel chapel.
he, worthy man, no less than the bollands, could littleguess this woman's motives in thus currying favor with the villagers.
had an angel from heaven laid bare her intent, they would scarce havebelieved, or, if conviction came, they would only have deemed her mad.
a breathless françoise met her mistress at the gate.
angèle was not tobe found anywhere, and it was so late, nearly eight o'clock.
nor wasmartin to be seen.
madam would remember, they had gone off together.
mrs. saumarez explained what all the gesticulation was about.
"if she's wi' martin, she'll be all right," said bolland.
"he'll bringher yam afore ye git yer things off, ma'am."
he was right.
angèle had discovered that elsie herbert would be at thechurch bazaar that evening, and planned the ramble with martin so thatthe vicar's daughter might meet them together on the high road.
it delighted her to see the only rival she feared flash a quick sideglance as she bowed smilingly and passed on, for mr. herbert did notwholly approve of angèle, so elsie thought it best not to stop for achat.
martin, too, was annoyed as he doffed his cap.
he thought elsiewould surely ask how he was.
moreover, those hot kisses were burning yeton his lips; the memory made him profoundly uncomfortable.
that was all.
when he left angèle at the gate she did not suggest arendezvous at a later hour.
not only would it be useless, but she hadseen frank beckett-smythe earlier in the day, and he said there was adinner party at the hall.
perhaps he might be able to slip away unnoticed about nine.
before mr. beckett-smythe sat down to dinner that evening a veryunpleasant duty had been thrust on him.
the superintendent of police drove over from nottonby to show him thecounty analyst's report.
divested of technicalities, this documentproved that george pickering's dangerous condition arose from bloodpoisoning caused by a stab from a contaminated knife.
it was admittedthat a wound inflicted by a rusty pitchfork might have had equallyserious results, but the analysis of matter obtained from bothinstruments proved conclusively that the knife alone was impregnatedwith the putrid germs found in the blood corpuscles, which alsocontained an undue proportion of alcohol.
moreover, dr. macgregor's statement on the one vital point wasunanswerable.
pickering was suffering from an incised wound which couldnot have been inflicted by the rounded prongs of a fork.
the doctor wasequally emphatic in his belief that the injured man would succumbspeedily.
in the face of these documents it was necessary that george pickering'sdepositions should be taken by a magistrate.
most unwillingly, mr.beckett-smythe accompanied the superintendent to the "black lion hotel"for the purpose.
they entered the sick room about the time that mrs. saumarez wascrossing the green on her way to the methodist chapel.
a glance atpickering's face showed that the doctor had not exaggerated the gravityof the affair.
he was deathly pale, save for a number of vivid red spotson his skin.
his eyes shone with fever.
were not his malady identified,the unskilled observer might conclude that he was suffering from asevere attack of german measles.
betsy was there, and the prim nurse.
the contrast between the two womenwas almost as startling as the change for the worse in pickering'sappearance.
the nurse, strictly professional in deportment, paid heed tonaught save the rules of treatment.
the word "hospital," "certificate,""method," shrieked silently from her flowing coif and list slippers,from the clinical thermometer on the table, and the temperature chart onthe mantelpiece.
poor betsy was sitting by the bedside, holding her lover's hand.
she wassmiling wistfully, striving to chatter in cheerful strain, yet all thetime she wanted to wail her despair, to petition on her knees that hercrime might be avenged on herself, not on its victim.
when the magistrate stepped gingerly forward, pickering turnedquerulously to see who the visitor was, for the nurse had noddedpermission to enter when the two men looked through the half-open door.
"oh, it's you, squire," he said in a low voice.
"i thought it might bemacgregor."
"how are you feeling now, george?"
i suppose you've heard the verdict?"
"the doctor says you are in a bad state."
"booked, squire, booked!
and no return ticket.
i don't care.
i've madeall arrangements--that is, i'll have a free mind this timeto-morrow--and then, well, i'll face the music."
he caught sight of the police officer.
come for my last dying depositions, eh?
betsy, my lass, leave us for a bit.
the nurse canstay.
the more witnesses the merrier."
there was no fear in her eyes now--only dumb agony.
shewalked steadily from the room.
while mr. beckett-smythe was thankingprovidence under his breath that a most distressing task was thus beingmade easy for him, they all heard a dreadful sob from the exteriorlanding, followed by a heavy thud.
the nurse hurried out.
with a painful effort pickering raised himself on one arm.
his forcedgayety gave place to loud-voiced violence.
"confound you all!"
"why come here to frighten the poorgirl's life out of her?"
he cursed both the magistrate and superintendent jonas by name; were heable to rise he would break their necks down the stairs.
the policemancrept out on tip-toe; mr. beckett-smythe sat down.
pickering stormedaway until the nurse returned.
"miss thwaites is better," she said.
"she was overcome by the longstrain, but she is with her sister now, and quite recovered."
betsy was crying her heart out in kitty's arms: fortunately, the soundsof her grief were shut out from their ears.
jonas came back and closedthe door.
the doomed man sank to the pillow and growled sullenly:"now, get on with your business, and be quick over it.
i'll not havebetsy worried again while i have breath left to protest."
"i am, indeed, very sorry to disturb you, george," said the magistratequietly.
"it is a thankless office for an old friend.
try and calmyourself.
i do not ask your forbearance toward myself and mr. jonas, butthere are tremendous issues at stake.
for your own sake you must help usto face this ordeal."
"oh, go ahead, squire.
my bark is worse than my bite--not that i havemuch of either in me now.
if i spoke roughly, forgive me.
i couldn'tbear to hear yon lass suffering."
thinking it best to avoid further delay, mr. beckett-smythe nodded tothe police officer, who drew forward a small table, which, with writingmaterials, he placed before the magistrate.
a foolscap sheet bore already some written words.
the magistrate bentover it, and said, in a voice shaken with emotion:"listen, george.
i have written here: 'i, george pickering, being ofsound mind, but believing myself to be in danger of death, solemnly takeoath and depose as follows': now, i want you to tell me, in your ownwords, what took place last monday night.
you are going to the awfulpresence of your creator.
you must tell the truth, fully and fearlessly,not striving to determine the course of justice by your own judgment,but leaving matters wholly in the hands of god.
you are conscious ofwhat you are doing, fully sensible that you will soon be called on tomeet one who knoweth all things.
i hope, i venture to pray, that youwill give testimony in all sincerity and righteousness.... i am ready."
pickering heard this solemn injunction with due gravity.
his featureswere composed, his eyes fixed on the distant landscape through the openwindow.
no disturbing noise reached him save the lowing of cattle andthe far-off rattle of a reaping machine, for the police had ordered theremoval of the shooting gallery and roundabout to the other end of thegreen.
he remained silent so long that the two men glanced at him anxiously,but were reassured by the belief that he was only collecting histhoughts.
indeed, it was not so.
he was striving to bridge that darkchasm on whose perilous verge he tottered--striving to frame an excusethat would not be uttered by his mortal lips.
at last he spoke.
"on monday night, about five minutes past ten, i met kitty thwaites, byappointment, at the wicket gate which opens into the garden from thebowling green of the 'black lion hotel,' elmsdale.
we walked down thegarden together.
we were talking and laughing about the antics of agroom in this hotel, a fellow named fred--i do not know his surname--whowas jealous of me because i was in the habit of chaffing kitty andplacing my arm around her waist if i encountered her on the stairs.
thisman fred, i believe, endeavored to pay attentions to kitty, which shealways refused to encourage.
kitty and i stopped at the foot of thegarden beneath a pear tree which stands in the boundary fence of thepaddock.
"i had my arm around her neck, but was only playing the fool, whichkitty knew as well as i. there was a bright moon, and, although almostinvisible ourselves in the shadow of the hedge and tree, we could seeclearly into both paddock and garden.
my back was toward the hotel.
suddenly, we heard someone running down the gravel path.
i turned andsaw that it was betsy thwaites, kitty's sister, a girl whom i believedto be then in a situation at hereford.
i had promised to marry betsy,and was naturally vexed at being caught in an apparently compromisingattitude with her sister.
betsy had a knife in her hand.
i could see itglittering in the moonlight."
he was corpse-like in color.
the red spots on his face weredarker than before by contrast with the wan cheeks.
he motioned to thenurse, who gave him a glass of barley water.
he emptied it at a gulp.
catching mr. beckett-smythe's mournful glance, he smiled with ghastlypleasantry.
"it sounds like a coroner's inquest, doesn't it?"
then, while his eyes roved incessantly from the face of the policeman tothat of the magistrate, he continued:"i imagined that betsy meant to do her sister some harm, so sprangforward to meet her.
then i saw that she was minded to attack me, forshe screamed out: 'you have ruined my life.
i'll take care you do notruin kitty's.'"
the words, of course, were spoken very slowly.
they alternated with thesteady scratching of the pen.
others in the room were pallid now.
eventhe rigid nurse yielded to the excitement of the moment.
her linenbands fluttered and her bosom rose and fell with the restraint sheimposed on her breathing.
george pickering suddenly became the most composed person present.
hishearers were face to face with a tragedy.
after all, did he mean to tellthe truth?
ah, it was well that his affianced wife was weeping in anadjoining room, that her soul was not pierced by the calm recital whichwould condemn her to prison, perchance to the scaffold.
"her cry warned me," he went on.
"i knew she could not hurt me.
i was astrong and active man, she a weak, excited woman.
she was very near,advancing down the path which runs close to the dividing hedge of thegarden and the stackyard.
to draw her away from kitty, i ran toward thishedge and jumped over.
it was dark there.
i missed my footing andstumbled.
i felt something run into my left breast.
it was the prong ofa pitchfork."
the pen ceased.
a low gasp of relief came from the nurse, for she was awoman.
the superintendent looked gravely at the floor.
but themagistrate faltered:"george--remember--you are a dying man!"
pickering again lifted his body.
his face was convulsed with a spasm ofpain, but the strong voice cried fearlessly:"write what i have said.
i'll swear it with my last breath.
i'll tellthe same story to either god or devil.
write, i say, or shall i finishit with my own hand?"
they thought that by some superhuman effort he would rise forthwith toreach the table.
the nurse, the policeman, leaped to restrain him.
mr. beckett-smythe was greatly agitated.
"if i cannot persuade you--" he began.
"persuade me to do what?
to bolster up a lying charge against the womani am going to marry?
by the lord, do you think i'm mad?"
they released him.
the set intensity of his face was terrible.
it ishard to say what awful power could have changed george pickering'spurpose in that supreme moment.
yet he clenched his hands in thebedclothes, as if he would choke some mocking fiend that grinned at him,and his voice was hoarse as he murmured:"oh, man, if you have a heart, end your inquisition, or i'll die toosoon!"
again the pen resumed its monotonous scrape.
it paused at last.
thefateful words were on record.
"and then what happened?"
the magistrate's question was judicially cold.
he held strongconvictions regarding the deeper mysteries of life; his faculties werebenumbed by this utter defiance of all that he believed most firmly.
"i said something, swore very likely, and staggered into the moonlight,at the same time tearing the fork from my breast.
betsy saw what i wasdoing, and screamed.
i managed to get over the hedge again, and she ranaway in mortal fright, for i had pulled open my waistcoat, and she couldsee the blood on my shirt.
she fell as she ran, and cut herself with theknife.
by that time kitty had reached the hotel, screaming wildly thatbetsy was trying to murder me.
that is all.
betsy never touched me.
thewound i am suffering from was inflicted by myself, accidentally.
it wasnot caused by the knife, as is shown by the fact that i am dying ofblood poisoning, while betsy's cuts are healing and have left herunharmed otherwise."
his hearers were greatly perturbed, but they knew that further protestwould be unavailing.
and there was an even greater shock in store.
pickering turned in the bed and poised his pain-racked frame so as toreach the manuscript placed before him for signature.
with unwaveringhand he added the words:"so help me god!"
then he wrote his name.
"now, sign that, all of you, as witnesses," he commanded, and they didnot gainsay him.
it was useless.
why prolong his torture and their own?
mr. beckett-smythe handed the sheets of paper to jonas.
he seemedinclined to leave the room without another spoken word, but humaneimpulse was stronger than dogma; he held out his hand.
"good-by, george," he said brokenly.
"'judge not,' it is written.
let myfarewell be a prayer that you may die peacefully and painlessly, if,indeed, god in his mercy does not grant your recovery."
you've got two sons.
find 'em plenty of work; they'llhave less time for mischief.
damn it all, hark to that reaper!
it'llsoon be time to rouse the cubs.
i'll miss the next hunt breakfast, eh?
well, good luck to you all!
i've had my last gallop.
doyou remember the fight we had that morning with the poachers?
when you meet rabbit jack, tell him to go to stockwell for a sovereignand swim in beer for a week.
nurse, where's betsy?
i want her before itis dark."
and in a few minutes betsy, the forlorn, was bending over him andwhispering:"i'll do it for your sake, george!
but, oh, it will be hard to faceeverybody with a lie in my mouth.
the hand that struck you shouldwither.
indeed, indeed, i shall suffer worse than death.
if the lordtook pity on me, he would let me be the first to go."
he stroked her hair gently, and there were tears in his eyes.
"never cry about spilt milk, dearie.
at best, or worst, the whole thingwas an accident.
come, now, no more weeping.
sit down there and writewhat i tell you.
i can remember every word, and kitty and you must justfit in your stories to suit mine.
stockwell will defend you.
he's asmart chap, and you need have no fear.
bless your heart, you'll be twicemarried before you know where you are!"
she obeyed him.
with careful accuracy he repeated the deposition.
herehearsed the evidence she would give.
when the nurse came in, he badeher angrily to leave them alone, but recalled her in the next breath.
she, too, must be coached.
at his command she had placedthe fork where it was found.
but she must learn her story withparrot-like accuracy.
there must be no contradiction in the sisters'evidence.
martin was eating his supper when mrs. bolland, bustling about thekitchen, made a discovery.
"i must be fair wool-gatherin'," she said crossly.
"here's a little pileo' handkerchiefs browt by dr. macgregor, an' i clean forgot all about'em.
martin, it's none ower leät, an' ye can bide i' bed i' t' mornin'.
just run along te t' vicarage wi' these, there's a good lad.
they'llmebbe be wantin' 'em."
he hailed the errand not the less joyfully that it led him through thefair.
but he did not loiter.
perhaps he gazed with longing eyes at itsvanishing glories, for some of the showmen were packing up in disgust,but he reached the vicarage quickly.
it lay nearer the farm than theelms, and, like that pretentious mansion, was shrouded from the highroadby leafy trees and clusters of laurels.
a broad drive led to the front door.
the night was drawing in rapidly,and the moon would not rise until eleven o'clock.
in the curving avenueit was pitch-dark, but a cheerful light shone from the drawing-room, andthrough an open french window he could see elsie bending over a book.
she was not deeply interested, judging by the listless manner in whichshe turned the leaves.
she was leaning with her elbows on the table,resting one knee on a chair, and the attitude revealed a foot and anklequite as gracefully proportioned as angèle's elegant limbs, though elsiewas more robust.
hearing the boy's firm tread on the graveled approach, she straightenedherself and ran to the window.
"who is there?"
martin stepped into the light.
"oh, it's you!"
"yes, miss herbert.
mother sent me with these."
he held out the parcel of linen.
"what is it?"
she asked, extending a hesitating hand.
"it is perfectly harmless, if you stroke it gently."
she could see the mischief dancing in his eyes, and grabbed the package.
then she laughed.
it was very kind of mrs. bolland----""i think dr. macgregor had them washed."
this puzzled her, but a more personal topic was present in her mind.
"i saw you a little while ago," she said.
"you were engaged, or i wouldhave asked you if you were recovering all right.
your hands and arms areyet bound up, i see.
do they hurt you much?"
not a bit."
he felt absurdly tongue-tied, but bravely continued:"i was told to take miss saumarez home.
that is how you happened to meetus together."
"indeed," she said, drawing back a little.
her tone conveyed that anyexplanation of miss saumarez's companionship was unnecessary.
no otherattitude could have set martin's wits at work more effectually.
he, too,retreated a pace.
"i'm very sorry if i disturbed you," he said.
"i was going to ring forone of the servants."
"then i am glad you didn't.
they are both out, and auntie would havewondered who our late visitor was.
she has just gone to bed."
"but isn't your--isn't mr. herbert at home?"
"no; he is at the bazaar.
he asked me to sit up until one of the maidsreturns."
again she approached the window.
one foot rested on the threshold.
"i've been reading 'rokeby,'" ventured martin.
"do you like it?"
"it must be very interesting when you know the place.
just imagine hownice it would be if sir walter had seen elmsdale and written about themoor, and the river, and the ghylls."
"do you think he would have found a wildcat in thor ghyll?"
"i hope not.
it might have spoiled the verse; and thor ghyll isbeautiful."
"i'll never forget that cat.
i can see it yet.
how its eyes blazed whenit sprang at me!
oh, i don't know how you dared seize it in your hands."
she was outside the window now, standing on a strip of turf that ranbetween house and drive.
"i didn't give a second thought to it," said martin in his offhand way.
"i can never thank you enough for saving me," she murmured.
"then i'll tell you what," he cried.
"to make quite sure you won'tforget, i'll try and persuade mother to have the skin made into a mufffor you.
one of the men is curing it, with spirits of ammonia andsaltpeter."
"do you think i may need to have my memory jogged?"
"people forget things," he said airily.
"besides, i'm going away toschool.
when i come back you'll be a grown-up young lady."
"i'm nearly as tall as you."
"indeed you are not."
"well, i'm much taller than angèle saumarez, at any rate."
"there's no comparison between you in any respect."
and this young spark three short hours ago, behind the woodpile, hadgazed into angèle's eyes!
"do you remember--we were talking about her when that creature flew atme?"
it was odd how angèle's name kept cropping up.
the churchclock struck nine.
they listened to the chimes.
neither spoke until thetremulous booming of the bell ceased.
"i'm afraid i must be going," said martin, without budging an inch.
"did you--did you--find any difficulty--in opening the gate?
it israther stiff.
and your poor hands must be so sore."
from excessive politeness, or shyness, elsie's tongue tripped somewhat.
"it was a bit stiff," he admitted.
"i had to reach up, you know."
"then i think i ought to come and open it for you."
"but you will be afraid to return alone."
"i really don't know," he said, "but i thought girls were always scaredin the dark."
"then i am an exception."
she cast a backward glance into the room.
"the lamp is quite safe.
it will not take me a minute."
they walked together down the short avenue.
the gate was standing open.
"really," laughed martin, "i had quite forgotten."
"so boys have weak memories, too?"
"of gates, perhaps."
"well, now, i must be off.
good-night, and thank you so much."
she held out her hand.
he took it in both of his.
"i do hope mr. herbert will ask me to another picnic," he said.
a boy on a bicycle rode past slowly.
instinctively, they shrank into theshadow of a tree.
"wasn't that frank beckett-smythe?"
whispered elsie, forgetting towithdraw her imprisoned hand, and turning a startled face to martin.
"where can he be going at this time?"
martin guessed accurately, but sheer chivalry prevented him from sayingmore than:"to the fair, i suppose."
"at this hour; after nine o'clock?"
"s-s-h. he's coming back."
she drew closer.
there was an air of mystery in this nocturnal bicycleride that induced bewilderment.
martin's right hand still inclosed thegirl's.
what more natural than that his left arm should go around herwaist, merely to emphasize the need for caution, concealment, secrecy?
most certainly his knowledge of womankind was striding onward inseven-leagued boots.
the trot of a horse sounded sharply on the hard road.
it was beingridden by someone in a hurry.
the young scion of the hall, who appearedto be killing time, inclined his machine to the opposite hedge.
but the rider pulled up with the skill of a practiced horseman.
even inthe dim light the boy and girl recognized one of mr. beckett-smythe'sgrooms.
"is that you, master frank?"
they heard him say.
"what's up, indeed!
t' squire has missed ye.
a bonny row there'll be.
yemun skip back lively, let me tell ye."
"oh, the deuce!"
"better lose nae mair time, master frank.
i'll say i found ye yon sideo' t' elms."
"what has the elms got to do with it?"
the man grinned.
"noo, master frank, just mount an' be off in front.
t' squire thinksye're efther that black-eyed lass o' mrs. saumarez's.
don't try an'humbug him.
he telt me te lay my huntin'-crop across yer shoulders, butthat's none o' my business.
off ye go!"
the heir, sulky and in deep tribulation, obeyed.
they heard the horse'shoofbeats dying away rapidly.
elsie, an exceedingly nice-mannered girl, was essentially feminine.
theepisode thrilled her, and pleased her, too, in some indefinable way, forher companion was holding her tightly.
"just fancy that!"
"oh, he will only get a hiding."
"but, surely, he could not expect to meet angèle?"
"it looks like it.
but why should we trouble about it?"
"i think it is horrid.
but i must be going.
he felt a gentle effort to loosen his clasp.
their faces were very close.
assuredly, the boy must have been a triflelight-headed that day, for he bent and kissed her.
she tore herself from the encircling arm.
her cheeks were burning.
at alittle distance--a few feet--she halted.
"how dare you?"
he came to her with hands extended.
"forgive me, elsie; i couldn't help it."
"you must never, never do such a thing again."
he had nothing to say.
she cried, but her voice was less emphatic than she imagined.
"i won't," he said, and caught her arm.
how can you say such a thing?"
"because i like you.
i have known you for years, though we never spoketo each other until yesterday."
this is terrible!
you frightened me so!
i hope i didn't hurtyour poor arms?"
"the pain was awful," he laughed.
the girl's heart was beating so frantically that she could almost hearits pulsations.
the white bandages on martin's wrists and hands arouseda tumult of emotion.
the scene in the ghyll flashed before her eyes; shesaw again the wild struggles of the snarling, tearing, biting animal,the boy's cool daring and endurance until he crushed the raging thing'slife out of it and flung it away contemptuously.
an impulse came to her, and it was not to be repelled.
she placed bothhands on his shoulders and kissed him, quite fearlessly, on the lips.
"i think i owed you that," she said, with a little sob, and then ranaway in good earnest, never turning her head until she was safe withinthe drawing-room.
martin, his brain in a whirl and his blood on fire, closed the gate forhimself.
when the vicar came, half an hour later, his daughter was busyover the same book.
none of the maids home yet?"
"no, father, dear.
but martin bolland brought these."
"oh, our handkerchiefs.
what did he say?"
"nothing--of any importance.
i understood that dr. macgregor caused thelinen to be washed, but forgot to ask him why."
"is that all?"
"practically all, except that his arms and hands are all bound up, so iwent with him as far as the gate.
it is stiff, you know.
and--yes--hehas been reading 'rokeby.'
he likes it."
the vicar filled his pipe.
he had had a trying day.
"martin is a fine lad," he said.
"i hope john bolland will see fit toeducate him.
such a youngster should not be allowed to vegetate in avillage like this."
said elsie, "that reminds me.
he told me he was going away toschool."
agreed the vicar.
"out of evil comes good.
it required anearthquake to move a man like bolland!"
on the morrow rain fell.
at first the village regarded the break in theweather as a thunderstorm, and harvesters looked to an early resumptionof work.
"a sup o' wet'll do nowt any harm," they said.
but a steadilydeclining "glass" and a continuous downpour that lost nothing in volumeas the day wore caused increasing headshakes, anxious frowns, revilingsnot a few of the fickle elements.
the moorland becks became raging torrents.
the gorged river rose untilall the low-lying land was flooded, hundreds of pounds' worth of corn instook swept away, and all standing crops were damaged to an enormousextent.
cattle, sheep, poultry, even a horse or two, were caught by therushing waters and drowned.
a bridge became blocked by floating debrisand crumbled before the flood.
three men were standing on the structure,idly watching the articles whirling past in the eddies; one, given asecond's firm footing, jumped for dear life and saved himself; thebodies of the others were found, many days afterwards, jammed againststakes placed in the stream a mile lower down to prevent fish poachersfrom netting an open reach.
this deluge, if indeed aught else were needed, wrecked the feast.
everybooth was dismantled, each wagon and caravan packed.
the van dwellersonly ceased their labors when all was in readiness for a move to thenext fair ground; the elmsdale week, usually a bright spot in theirmigratory calendar, was marked this year with absolute loss.
at thebest, and in few instances, it yielded a bare payment of expenses.
farmers, of course, toiled early and late to avert further disaster.
stock were driven from pastures where danger threatened; cut corn wasrescued in the hope that the next day's sun might dry it; choked ditcheswere raked with long hoes to permit the water to flow off.
at last, when night fell, and the rain diminished to a thin drizzle,though the barometer gave no promise of improvement, men gathered in thevillage street and began comparing notes.
everyone had suffered in somedegree; even the shopkeepers and private residents complained of ruinedgoods, gardens rooted up, houses invaded by the all-pervading floods.
but the farmers endured the greatest damage.
some had lost theirhalf-year's rent, many would be faced with privation and bankruptcy.
thrice fortunate now were the men with capital--those who could lookforward with equanimity to another season when the wanton havocinflicted by this wild raging of the waters should be recouped.
john bolland, protected by an oilskin coat, crossed the road between thestockyard and the white house about eight o'clock.
"eh, mr. bollan', but this is a sad day's wark," said a friend whoencountered him.
"ah, it's bad, very bad, an' likely te be worse," replied john, liftinghis bent head and casting a weather-wise glance over the northerly moor.
"i've lost t' best part o' six acres o' wuts," (oats) growled hisneighbor.
"it's hard to know what spite there was in t' clouds te bursti' that way."
"times an' seasons aren't i' man's hands," was the quiet answer.
"there'd be ill deed if sunshine an' storm were settled by voates, likea county-council election."
"mebbe, and mebbe nut," cried the other testily.
"'tis easy to leaveivvrything te providence when yer money's mostly i' stock.
mine happenste be i' crops."
"an' if mine were i' crops, mr. pattison, i sud still thry te desarvewell o' providence."
this shrewd thrust evoked no wrath from pattison, who was not achapel-goer.
he laughed, "some folks are lucky.
they pile up riches both i'this wulld an' t' wulld te come.
hooivver, we won't argy.
hev ye heerdt' news fra' te t' 'black lion'?"
"aboot poor george pickerin'?
i've bin ower thrang i' t' cow-byre."
"he's married, an' med his will.
betsy is mrs. pickerin' noo.
but she'llbe a widdy afore t' mornin'."
"is he as bad as all that?"
"sinkin' fast, they tell me.
he kep' up, like the game 'un he allus was,until mr. croft left him alone wi' his wife.
then he fell away te nowt.
he's ravin', i hear."
i thowt stockwell looked efther his affairs."
but stockwell's ya (one) trustee, mr. herbert's t' other.
so croft had te act."
"well, i'm rale sorry for t' poor chap.
he's coom tiv a bad end."
"ye'll be t' foreman o' t' jury, most like?"
i'll be spared that job.
martin is a witness, more's t' pity.
good-night, mr. pattison.
it'll hu't none if y' are minded te offer up aprayer for betther weather."
but the prayers of many just men did not avail to save elmsdale thatnight.
after a brief respite, the storm came on again with gustymalevolence.
black despair sat by many a fireside, and in no place wasits grim visage seen more plainly than in the bedroom where georgepickering died.
dr. macgregor watched the fitful flickering of the strong man's life,until, at last, he led the afflicted wife from the room and consignedher to the care of her weeping sister and the hardly less sorrowfullandlady.
at the foot of the stairs were waiting p. c. benson and the reporter ofthe _messenger_.
"it is all over," said the doctor.
"he died at a quarter past ten."
"the same hour that he was--wounded," commented the reporter.
"what wasthe precise cause of death?"
"failure of the heart's action.
it was a merciful release.
otherwise, hemight have survived for days and suffered greatly."
the policeman adjusted his cape and lowered his chin-strap.
"i mun start for nottonby," he said.
"t' inquest'll likely be oppennedo' satherday at two o'clock, doctor."
by the way, benson, you can tell mr. jonas that the county analystand i are ready with our evidence.
there is no need for an adjournment,unless the police require it."
the constable saluted and set off on a lonely tramp through the rain.
hecrossed the footbridge over the beck--the water was nearly level withthe stout planks.
"i haven't seen a wilder night for monny a year," he muttered.
"there'llbe a nice how-d'ye-do if t' brig is gone afore daylight."
he trudged the four miles to nottonby.
nearing the outskirts of thesmall market town, he was startled by finding the body of a man lyingface down in the roadway.
the pelting gale had extinguished his lamp.
hemanaged to turn the prostrate form and raise the man's head.
then, afterseveral failures, he induced a match to flare for a second.
"and blind as a bat!
get up, ye drunkenswine.
'twould be sarvin' ye right te lave ye i' the road until ye wererunned over or caught yer death o' cold."
from the manner of p. c. benson's language it may be inferred that hisactions were not characterized by extreme gentleness.
he managed toshake the poacher into semi-consciousness.
rabbit jack, wobbling on hisfeet, lurched against the policeman.
"hello, ole fell', coom along wi' me," he mumbled amiably.
"nivver mindt' brass.
i've got plenty.
good soart, george pickerin'.
gimme me asov', 'e did.
fo-or, 'e's a jolly good feller----"a further shaking was disastrous.
he collapsed again.
the perplexedpoliceman noted a haymew behind a neighboring gate.
he dragged thenondescript thither by the scruff of his neck and threw him on the leeside of the shelter.
"he'll be sober by mornin'," he thought.
"i hev overmuch thrubble abootte tew mysen wi' this varmint."
and so ended the first of the dead man's bequests.
the gathering of a jury in a country village for an important inquestlike that occasioned by george pickering's death is a solemn function.
care is exercised in empaneling men of repute, and, in the presentinstance, several prominent farmers were debarred from service becausetheir children would be called as witnesses.
the inquest was held, by permission, in the national schoolhouse.
noroom in the inn would accommodate a tithe of the people who wished toattend.
many journalists put in an appearance, the _messenger_reporter's paragraphs having attracted widespread attention.
it was noteworthy, too, that superintendent jonas did not conduct thecase for the police.
he obtained the aid of a solicitor, mr. dane, withwhom the coroner, dr. magnus, drove from nottonby in a closed carriage,for the rain had not ceased, save during very brief intervals, since theoutbreak on thursday morning.
the jury, having been sworn, elected mr. webster, grocer, as theirforeman, and proceeded to view the body.
when they reassembled in theschoolroom it was seen that betsy, now mrs. pickering, was seated nexther sister.
with them were two old people whom a few persons presentrecognized as the girls' parents, and by betsy's side was mr. stockwell.
among the crowd of witnesses were martin, frank and ernestbeckett-smythe, and angèle.
the mortification, the angry dismay of mrs. saumarez when her daughterwas warned to attend the inquest may well be imagined.
the police are norespecters of persons, and p. c. benson, of course, ascertained easilythe name of the girl concerning whom martin and young beckett-smythefought on the eventful night.
she might be an important witness, so hermother was told to send her to the court.
mrs. saumarez disdained to accompany the girl in person, and françoisewas deputed to act as convoy.
the normandy nurse's white linen bandsoffered a quaint contrast to the black robes worn by the other women andgave material for a descriptive sentence to every journalist in theroom.
mr. beckett-smythe, the vicar, dr. macgregor, and the county analystoccupied chairs beside the coroner.
the latter gentleman described thenature of the inquiry with businesslike brevity, committing himself tono statements save those that were obvious.
when he concluded, mr. danerose.
"i appear for the police," he said.
"and i," said mr. stockwell, "am here to watch the interests of mrs.pickering, having received her husband's written instructions to thateffect."
a deep hush fell on the packed assembly.
the curious nature of theannouncement was a surprise in itself.
the reporters' pencils were busy,and the coroner adjusted his spectacles.
"the written instructions of the dead man?"
my friend, my lifelong friend, mr. george pickering, was buttoo well aware of the fate that threatened him.
i have here a letter,written and signed by him on thursday morning.
with your permission, iwill read it."
"i object," cried mr. dane.
"on what grounds?"
asked the coroner.
"such a letter may have a prejudicial effect on the minds of the jury.
they are here to determine, with your direction, a verdict to be arrivedat on certain evidence.
this letter cannot be regarded as evidence."
mr. stockwell shrugged his shoulders.
"i do not press the point," he said.
"i fail to see any harm in showinga husband's anxiety that his wife should be cleared of absurdimputations."
mr. dane reddened.
"i consider that a highly improper remark," he cried.
the other only smiled.
he had won the first round.
the jury knew whatthe letter contained, and he had placed the case for the police in anunfavorable light.
the first witness, pickering's farm bailiff, gave formal evidence ofidentity.
then the coroner read the dead man's deposition, which was attested bythe local justice of the peace.
dr. magnus rendered the documentimpressively.
its concluding appeal to the deity turned all eyes onbetsy.
she was pale, but composed.
since her husband's death she hadcried but little.
her mute grief rendered her beautiful.
sorrow hadgiven dignity to a pretty face.
she was so white, so unmoved outwardly,that she resembled a clothed statue.
kitty wept quietly all the time,but betsy sat like one in a dream.
"catherine thwaites," said the coroner's officer, and kitty was led bymr. jones to the witness stand.
the girl's evidence, punctuated bysobs, was practically a résumé of pickering's sworn statement.
from mr. dane's attitude it was apparent that he regarded this witnessas untruthful.
"of course," he said, with quiet satire in word and look, "as mr.pickering impaled himself on a fork, you did not see your sister plungea knife into his breast?"
"nor did you run down the garden shrieking: 'oh, betsy, betsy, you'vekilled him.'
you did not cry 'murder, murder!
come, someone, for god'ssake'?"
"yes, sir; i did."
this unexpected admission puzzled the solicitor.
he darted a sharp sideglance at stockwell, but the latter was busy scribbling notes.
everypulse in court quickened.
"oh, you did, eh?
but why charge your sister with a crime you did notsee her commit?"
"because she had a knife in her hand, and i saw mr. pickering staggeracross the garden and fall."
"in what direction did he stagger?"
"away from the stackyard hedge."
"this is a serious matter.
you are on your oath, and there is such athing as being an accessory after----"up sprang stockwell.
"i protest most strongly against this witness being threatened," heshouted.
"i think mr. dane is entitled to warn the witness against falsetestimony," said the coroner.
"of course, he knows the graveresponsibility attached to such insinuations."
mr. dane waved an emphatic hand.
"i require no threats," he said.
"i have evidence in plenty.
do youswear that mr. pickering did not lurch forward from beneath the peartree at the foot of the garden after being stabbed by your sister, whosurprised him in your arms, or you in his arms?
it is the same thing."
"i do," was the prompt answer.
the lawyer sat down, shrugging his shoulders.
"any questions to put to the witness, mr.
said the coroner.
i regard her evidence as quite clear."
"will you--er--does your client mrs. pickering wish to give evidence?"
"my client--she is not my client of her own volition, but by thedefinite instructions of her dead husband--will certainly give evidence.
may i express the hope that my learned friend will not deal with her tooharshly?
she is hardly in a fit state to appear here to-day."
mr. dane smiled cynically, but made no reply.
he declined to help hisadversary's adroit maneuvers by fiery opposition, though again had mr.stockwell succeeded in playing a trump card.
betsy was duly warned by the coroner that she might be charged with thewilful murder of george pickering, notwithstanding the sworn depositionread in court.
she could exercise her own judgment as to whether or notshe would offer testimony, but anything she said would be taken down inwriting, and might be used as evidence against her.
she never raised her eyes.
not even those terrible words, "wilfulmurder," had power to move her.
she stood like an automaton, and seemedto await permission to speak.
"now, mrs. pickering," said dr. magnus, "tell us, in your own words,what happened."
she began her story.
no one could fail to perceive that she was recitinga narrative learnt by heart.
she used no words in the vernacular.
allwas good english, coherent, simple, straightforward.
on the mondaymorning, she said, she received a letter at hereford from fred marshall,ostler at the "black lion hotel."
"have you that letter?"
asked the coroner.
"yes," interposed mr. stockwell.
"here it is."
he handed forward a document.
a buzz of whispered comment arose.
incompliance with dr. magnus's request, betsy identified it listlessly.
then it was read aloud.
apart from mistakes in spelling, it ran asfollows:     "dear miss thwaites.--this is to let you know that george pickering     is carrying on with your sister kitty.
he has promised to meet her     here on monday.
he has engaged a bedroom here.
you ought to come     and stop it.
i inclose p.o.
for one pound toward your fare.--yours     truly, fred marshall, groom, 'black lion,' elmsdale."
the fact that this meddlesome personage had sent betsy her railway farebecame known now for the first time.
a hiss writhed through the court.
yelled a police sergeant, glaring around with steely eyes.
"there must be no demonstrations of any sort here," said the coronersternly.
"well, mrs. pickering, you traveled to elmsdale?"
"with what purpose in view?"
"george had promised to marry me.
kitty knew this quite well.
i thoughtthat my presence would put an end to any courtship that was going on.
itwas very wrong."
"none will dispute that.
but i prefer not to question you.
tell us yourown story."
"i traveled all day," she recommenced, "and reached elmsdale station bythe last train.
i was very tired.
at the door of the inn i met fredmarshall.
he was waiting, i suppose.
he told me george and kitty were atthe bottom of the garden."
a quiver ran through the audience, but the police sergeant was watching,and they feared expulsion.
"he said they had been there ten minutes.
i ran through the hotelkitchen.
on a table was lying a long knife near a dish of grouse.
ipicked it up, hardly knowing what i was doing, and went into the garden.
when i was halfway down kitty saw me and screamed.
george turned roundand backed away toward the middle hedge.
i remember cryingout--some--things--but i do not--know--what i said."
she swayed slightly, and everyone thought she was about to faint.
butshe clutched the back of a chair and steadied herself.
mr. jones offeredher a glass of water, but she refused it.
"i can go on," she said bravely.
and she persevered to the end, substantially repeating her sister'sevidence.
when mr. dane rose to cross-examine, the silence in court was appalling.
the girl's parents were pallid with fear.
kitty sat spellbound.
mr.stockwell pushed his papers away and gazed fixedly at his client.
"why did you pick up the knife, mrs.
was the first question.
"i think--i am almost sure--i intended to strike my sister with it."
this was another bombshell.
mr. dane moved uneasily on his feet.
he repeated in amazement.
she was aware of my circumstances.
what right had she to beflirting with my promised husband?"
you have forgiven her since, no doubt?"
"i forgave her then, when i regained my senses.
she was actingthoughtlessly.
i believe that george and she went into the garden onlyto spite fred marshall."
mr. dane shook his head.
"so, if we accept your statement, mrs. pickering, you harmed no one withthe knife except yourself?"
"that is so."
he seemed to hesitate a moment, but seemingly made up his mind to leavethe evidence where it stood.
"i shall not detain you long," said mr. stockwell when his legalopponent desisted from further cross-examination.
"you were married tomr. pickering on thursday morning by special license?"
"he had executed a marriage settlement securing you £400 a year forlife?"
"and, after the accident, you remained with him until he died?"
"yes--god help me!"
that is all."
"just one moment," interposed the coroner.
"were you previouslyacquainted with this man, marshall, the groom?"
i saw him for the first time in my life when he met me at thehotel door and asked me if i was miss thwaites."
"how did he obtain your hereford address?
it appears to be given in fullon the envelope."
"i don't know, sir."
fred marshall was the next witness.
he was sober and exceedinglynervous.
he had been made aware during the past week that public opinioncondemned him utterly.
his old cronies refused to drink with him.
mrs.atkinson had dismissed him; he was a pariah, an outcast, in the village.
his evidence consisted of a disconnected series of insinuations againstkitty's character, interlarded with protests that he meant no harm.
mr.stockwell showed him scant mercy.
"you say you saw mrs. pickering, or betsy thwaites, as she was at thattime, seize a knife from the table?"
"what did you think she meant to do with it?"
"what she did do--stick george pickerin'.
i heerd her bawlin' that ootboth afore an' efther."
the man was desperate.
in his own parlance, he might as well be hangedfor a sheep as a lamb, and he would spare no one.
you knew she intended to commit murder?"
"i thowt so."
"then why did you not follow her?"
"i was skeered."
afraid of a weak woman?"
"well, i didn't give a damn if she did stab him!
there, ye hev itstraight!"
mr. stockwell turned to mr. dane.
"if you are looking for accessories in this trumped-up case, you haveone ready to hand," he exclaimed.
"you must be careful what you are saying, marshall," observed thecoroner severely.
"and moderate your language, too.
this court is not astable."
"he shouldn't badger me," cried the witness in sullen anger.
"i'll treat you with great tenderness," said mr. stockwell suavely, anda general smile relieved the tension.
"how did you obtain miss thwaites's address at hereford?"
where are your wits?
will you accuse me of badgering you, ifi suggest that you stole a letter from kitty thwaites's pocket?"
"i didn't steal it.
it was in a frock of hers, hangin' in her bedroom."
"you are most obliging.
and the sovereign you sent her?
did you, by anychance, borrow it from mrs.
"frae mrs. atkinson?
wheä said that?"
"oh, i mean without her knowledge, of course.
from mrs. atkinson's till,i should have said."
the chance shot went home.
the miserable groom growled a denial, but noone believed him.
quite satisfied that he had destroyed the man'scredibility, mr. stockwell sat down.
"martin court bolland!"
said the coroner's officer, and a wave ofrenewed interest galvanized the court.
mr. dane arranged his papers andlooked around with the air of one who says:"now we shall hear the truth of this business."
martin came forward.
it chanced that the first pair of eyes heencountered were angèle's.
the girl was gazing at him with a spitefulintensity he could not understand.
he did not know then of the painfulexposé which took place at the elms when mrs. saumarez learnt on thepreceding day that her daughter was a leading figure among the childrenin the "black lion" yard on the night of the tragedy.
angèle blamed martin for having betrayed her to the authorities.
she didnot know how resolutely he had declined to mention her name; he loomedlarge in her mind, to the exclusion of the others.
she regarded him now with a venomous malice all the more bitter becauseof the ultra-friendly relations she had forced on him.
he looked at her with genuine astonishment.
she reminded him of thewildcat he choked to death in thor ghyll.
but he had to collect hiswandering faculties, for the coroner was speaking.
martin's evidence was concise.
he happened to be in the "black lion"yard with other children at a quarter past ten on monday night.
he hearda woman's scream, followed by a man's loud cry of pain, and both soundsseemed to come from the extreme end of the garden.
kitty thwaites ran toward the hotel shrieking, "oh, betsy, betsy,you've killed him!"
she screamed "murder" and called for someone tocome, "for god's sake!"
she fell exactly opposite the place where hewas standing.
then he saw betsy thwaites--he identified her now asmrs. pickering--running after her sister and brandishing a knife.
sheappeared to be very excited, and cried out, "i'll swing for him.
maythe lord deal wi' him as he dealt wi' me!"
she called her sister a"strumpet," and said it would "serve her right to stick her with thesame knife."
he was quite sure those were the exact words.
he was notalarmed in any way, only surprised by the sudden uproar, and he sawthe two women and the knife as plainly as if it were broad daylight.
mr. dane concluded the examination-in-chief, which he punctuated withexpressive glances at the jury, by touching on a point which he expectedhis acute rival to raise.
"what were you doing in the 'black lion' yard at that hour, bolland?"
"i was having a dispute with master frank beckett-smythe."
"what sort of a dispute?"
"well, we were fighting."
a grin ran through the court.
"he is an intelligent boy and older than you.
can you suggest any reasonwhy he should have failed to see and hear all that you saw and heard?"
he disliked to pose as a vainglorious pugilist, but therewas no help for it.
"i got the better of him," he said quietly.
"one, at least, of his eyeswere closed, and i had just given him an uppercut on the nose."
"but his brother was there, too?"
"master ernest was looking after him."
"how about the other children?"
"they ran away."
"all of them?"
"well, nearly all.
i can only speak for myself, sir.
no doubt the otherswill tell you what they saw."
obviously, mr. dane was unprepared for the cool self-possessiondisplayed by this farmer's son.
he nodded acquiescence with martin'sviews and sat down.
mr. stockwell, watching the boy narrowly, had caught the momentary gleamof surprise when his look encountered that of the pretty dark-eyed childwhose fashionable attire distinguished her from the village urchinsamong whom she was sitting.
"by the way," he began, "why do you call yourself bolland?"
"that is my name, sir."
"are you john bolland's son?"
"then whose son are you?"
"i do not know.
my father and mother adopted me thirteen years ago."
the lawyer gathered by the expression on the stolid faces of the jurythat this line of inquiry would be fruitless.
"what was the cause of the fight between you and young beckett-smythe?"
this was the signal for an interruption from the jury.
mr. webster, theforeman, did not wish any slight to be placed on mrs. saumarez.
theupshot might be that he would lose a good customer.
the squire dealt atthe stores.
let him protect his own children.
but mrs. saumarez needed achampion.
"may i ask, sir," he said to the coroner, "what a bit of a row atweenyoungsters hez te do wi' t' case?"
"nothing that i can see," was the answer.
"it has a highly important bearing," put in mr. stockwell.
"if myinformation is correct, this witness is the only one whose evidenceconnects mrs. pickering even remotely with the injuries received by herhusband.
i assume, of course, that marshall's testimony is not worth astraw.
i shall endeavor to elicit facts that may tend to prove the boy'sstatements unreliable."
"i cannot interfere with your discretion, mr. stockwell," was theruling.
"now, answer my question," cried the lawyer.
martin's brown eyes flashed back indignantly.
"we fought because i wished to take a young lady home, and he tried toprevent me."
"a young lady!
what young lady?"
"i refuse to mention her name.
you asked why we fought, and i've toldyou."
"why this squeamishness, my young squire of dames?
was it not angèlesaumarez?"
martin turned to the coroner.
"must i reply, sir?"
"yes.... i fail still to see the drift of the cross-examination, mr.
"it will become apparent quickly.
yes, or no, bolland?"
"yes; it was."
"was she committed to your care by her mother?"
she came out to see the fair.
i promised to look after her."
"were you better fitted to protect this child than the two sons of mr.
"i thought so."
"from what evil influences, then, was it necessary to rescue her?"
"that's not a fair way to put it.
it was too late for her to be out."
"when did you discover this undeniable fact?"
"not when you were taking her through the fair in lordly style?"
there was no harm in the shows, and i realized the time only whenthe clock struck ten."
every adult listener nodded approval.
the adroit lawyer saw that he wasmerely strengthening the jury's good opinion of the boy.
he must strikehard and unmercifully if he would shake their belief in martin's goodfaith.
"there were several other children there--a boy named bates, anothernamed beadlam, mrs. atkinson's three girls, and others?"
"bates was with me.
the others were in the yard."
"ah, yes; they had left you a few minutes earlier.
now, is it not a factthat these children, and you with them, had gone to this hiding-place toescape being caught by your seniors?"
"no; it is a lie."
"is that your honest belief?
do you swear it?"
"i shirked nothing.
neither did the others.
hundreds of people saw us.
as for miss saumarez, i think she went there for a lark more thananything else."
"a questionable sort of lark.
it is amazing to hear of respectablechildren being out at such an hour.
did your parents--did the parents ofany of the others realize what was going on?"
"i think not.
the whole thing was an accident."
"but, surely, there must be some adequate explanation of this fightbetween you and beckett-smythe.
it was no mere scuffle, but a severeset-to.
he bears even yet the marks of the encounter."
master frank was supremely uncomfortable when the united gaze of thecourt was thus directed to him.
his right eye was discolored, as allmight see, but his nose was normal.
"i have told you the exact truth.
i wished her to go home----""did she wish it?"
"she meant to tease me, and said she would remain.
frank beckett-smytheand i agreed to fight, and settle whether she should go or stay."
"so you ask us to believe that not only did you engage in a bout offisticuffs in order to convoy to her home a girl already hours too lateabroad, but that you alone, of all these children, can give us a correctversion of occurrences on the other side of the hedge?"
"i don't remember asking you that, sir," said martin seriously, and thecourt laughed.
mr. stockwell betrayed a little heat.
"you know well what i mean," he said.
"you are a clever boy.
are you notdepending on your imagination for some of your facts?"
"i wish i were, sir," was the sorrowful answer.
quite unconsciously, martin looked at betsy.
some magnetic influencecaused her to raise her eyes for the first time, and each gazed into thesoul of the other.
mr. stockwell covered his retreat by an assumption of indifference.
"fortunately, there is a host of witnesses to be heard in regard tothese particular events," he exclaimed, and martin's inquisition ceased.
the superintendent whispered something to mr. dane, who rose.
"a great deal has been made out of this quarrel about a little girl," hesaid to the boy.
"is it not the fact that you have endeavoredconsistently to keep her name out of the affair altogether?"
"because mrs. saumarez is only a visitor here, and her daughter couldnot know anything of village ways.
i was mostly to blame for allowingher to be there at all, so i tried to take it onto my shoulders."
it was interesting to note how angèle received this statement.
her blackeyes became tearful.
her hero was rehabilitated.
she worshiped him againpassionately.
someone else had peached.
she brushed away the tears anddarted a quick look at the squire's eldest son.
he was the next witness.
he saw george pickering and kitty go down thegarden, the man's arm being around kitty's neck.
then he fought withmartin.
afterwards he heard some screaming, but could not tell a wordthat was said--he was too dazed.
"is it not possible the hubbub was too confused that you should gain anyintelligible idea of it?"
asked mr. stockwell.
"yes, that might be so."
"you are a bigger boy than young bolland.
surely he could not pummel thewits out of you?"
"i don't think he will next time.
he caught me a stinger by chance."
a roar of laughter greeted this candid confession of future intentions.
even mr. beckett-smythe and the vicar joined in.
"why did you wish to keep this girl, angèle saumarez, away from herresidence?"
"she's a jolly sort of girl, and i think we were all a bit off ourheads," said frank ruefully.
"but you had some motive, some design.
remember, you fought to retainher."
"i wish i hadn't," said the boy, glancing at his father.
his mostactive memory was of a certain painful interview on wednesday night.
"_you_ were not groggy on your legs," was mr. stockwell's first remarkto ernest.
"what did you hear or see beyond the garden hedge?"
"there was a lot of yelling, and two women ran toward the hotel.
thewoman with a knife was threatening to stick it into somebody, but icouldn't tell who."
she was running after the other woman.
don't you think she mighthave been threatening her only?"
"it certainly looked like it."
"can't you help us by being more definite?"
frank was asking for a pump.
i was thinking of that more than ofthe beastly row in the garden."
he was dismissed.
the strangers present surveyed the girl with expectant interest.
shelooked a delightfully innocent child.
she was attired in the dark dressshe wore on the monday evening.
her hat, gloves, and shoes were inperfect taste.
no personality could be more oddly at variance with avillage brawl than this delicate, gossamer, fairy-like little mortal.
she gave her evidence without constraint or shyness.
her prettycontinental accent enhanced the charm of her manners.
in no senseforward, she won instant approbation, and the general view was that shehad drifted into an unpleasant predicament by sheer force ofcircumstances.
the mere love of fun brought her out to see the fair, andher presence in the stackyard was accounted for by a girlish delight insetting boys at loggerheads.
but she helped the police contention by declaring that she heard betsysay:"i'll swing for him."
"i remember," she said sweetly, "wondering what she meant.
to swing foranybody!
that is odd."
"might it not have been 'for her' and not 'for him'?"
"oh, yes," agreed angèle.
"i wouldn't be sure about that.
they talkqueerly, these people.
i am certain about the 'swing'."
really, there never was a more simple little maid.
"you must never again go out at night to such places," remarked thecoroner paternally.
she cast down her eyes.
"mamma was very angry," she simpered.
"i have been kept at home for daysand days on account of it."
she glanced at martin.
that explanation was intended for him.
as amatter of fact, mr. beckett-smythe called at the elms on thursdaymorning and told mrs. saumarez that her child needed more control.
hehad thrashed frank soundly the previous evening for riding off to arendezvous fixed with angèle for nine o'clock.
he whispered thisinformation to mr. herbert, and the vicar's eyes opened wide.
the other non-professional witnesses, children and adults, did notadvance the inquiry materially.
many heard kitty shrieking that hersister had murdered george pickering, but kitty herself had admittedsaying so under a misapprehension.
p. c. benson raised an important point.
the pitchfork was firstmentioned about eleven o'clock, when mr. pickering was able to talkcoherently, after being laid on a bed and drinking some brandy.
neitherof the two women had spoken of it.
and there were footprints that didnot bear out the movements described in the dead man's deposition.
"but mr. pickering's first lucid thought referred to this implement?"
said mr. stockwell.
"neäbody was holdin' him, sir."
the policeman imagined the lawyer had said "loosened."
"i mean that the first account he ever gave of this accident referred tothe pitchfork, and his subsequent statements were to the same effect."
there's no denyin' that."
"and you found the fork lying exactly where he described its position?"
"why, yes; but he was a desp'rate lang time i' studdyin' t' matter ootafore he's speak."
"do you suggest that someone placed the fork there by his instructions?"
most like he'd seen it there hissen."
"then why do you refuse to accept his statement that an accident tookplace?"
"because i f'und his footprints where he ran across t' garden te t' spotwhere he was picked up."
after a month of fine weather!"
"it was soft mold, sir, an' they were plain enough."
"were not a dozen men running about this garden at twenty minutes pastten?"
"and you tell us coolly that you could distinguish those of one man?"
"there was on'y one man's track i' that pleäce, sir."
benson was not to be flurried.
mr. jonas and a police sergeantcorroborated his opinion.
dr. macgregor followed.
he described pickering's wound, the nature ofhis illness, and the cause of death.
the stab itself was not of a fatalcharacter.
had it diverged slightly it must have reached the lung.
as itwas, the poison, not the knife, had done the mischief.
the county analyst was scientifically dogmatic.
his analyses had beenconducted with the utmost care.
the knife was contaminated, thepitchfork was only rusty.
the latter was a dangerous implement, but inno way responsible for the state of pickering's blood corpuscles.
mr. dane, of course, made the most of these witnesses, but mr. stockwellwisely forbore from pressing them, and thus hammering the main itemsagain into the heads of the jury.
the coroner glanced at his watch.
it was six o'clock.
neither of thesolicitors was permitted to address the court, and he made up his mindto conclude the inquiry forthwith.
"there is one matter which might be cleared up," he said.
"where ismarshall, the groom?"
it was discovered that the man had left the court half an hour ago.
hehad not returned.
benson was sent to find him.
the two came back infive minutes.
their arrival was heralded by loud shouts and laughteroutside.
when they entered the schoolroom marshall presented aludicrous spectacle.
he was dripping wet, and not from rain, for hisclothes were covered with slime and mud.
it transpired that he had gone to a public house for a pint of beer.
several men and youths who could not gain admittance to the court tookadvantage of the absence of the police and amused themselves by duckinghim in a convenient horse pond.
the coroner, having expressed his official annoyance at the incident,asked the shivering man if he followed betsy into the garden.
no; he saw her go out through the back door.
"then the threats you heard were uttered while she was in the passage ofthe hotel or in the kitchen?"
yes; that was so.
"it is noteworthy," said the coroner, "that none of the children heardthis young woman going toward the couple.
she must have run swiftly andsilently down the path, and the witnesses were so absorbed in the fightthat she passed them unheard and unseen."
mr. stockwell frowned.
if this gave any indication of the coroner'ssumming-up, it was not favorable to his client.
dr. magnus showed at once that he meant to cast aside all sentimentalconsiderations and adhere solely to the judicial elements.
he treatedgeorge pickering's deposition with all respect, but pointed out that thedying man might be actuated by the desire to make atonement to the womanhe had wronged.
the human mind was capable of strange vagaries.
a manwho would slight, or, at any rate, be indifferent, to one of theopposite sex, when far removed from personal contact, was often swayedby latent ties of affection when brought face to face with the womanherself.
in a word, the coroner threw all his weight on the side of the policeand against betsy.
he regarded fred marshall and young bolland astruthful witnesses, though inspired by different motives, and deemed themedical evidence conclusive.
betsy sat sphinx-like through this ordeal.
her unhappy parents, and evenmore unhappy sister, were profoundly distressed, and stockwell watchedthe jury keenly as each damning point against his client was emphasized.
"the law is quite clear in affairs of this kind," concluded dr. magnusgravely.
"either this unfortunate man was murdered, in which event yourverdict can only take one form, or he met with an accident.
mostfortunately, the last word does not rest with this court, or it would beimpossible to close the inquiry to-day.
the deceased himself raised apertinent question: why did his wife escape blood-poisoning, although hebecame infected?
but the solicitors present apparently concur with methat this is a matter which must be determined elsewhere----""no, no," broke in mr. stockwell.
"i admit nothing of the sort."
the coroner bowed.
"you have the benefit of my opinion, gentlemen," he said to the jury.
"you must retire now and consider your verdict."
the jury filed out into a classroom, an unusual proceeding, but highlyexpedient in an inquiry of such importance.
tongues were loosenedinstantly, and a hum of talk arose, while the witnesses signed theirrecorded statements.
kitty endeavored to arouse her sister from thecondition of stupor in which she remained, and the girl's mother placedan arm around her shoulders.
but betsy paid little heed.
her mind dwelton one object only--a sheet-covered form, lying cold and inanimate in aroom of the neighboring hotel.
angèle sidled toward martin when a movement in court permitted.
françoise would have restrained her, but the child slid along a bench soquickly that the nurse's protest came too late.
"martin," she whispered, "you behaved beautifully.
i was so angry withyou at first.
but it was not you.
i know now.
evelyn atkinson told."
"i wish it had never happened," said the boy bitterly.
he hated thenotion that his evidence was the strongest link in the chain encirclingthe hapless betsy.
"oh, i don't find it bad, this court.
one is all pins and needles atfirst.
but the men are nice."
"i am not thinking of ourselves," he growled.
of whom, then?"
"angèle, you're awfully selfish.
what have we to endure, compared withpoor mrs.
that is her affair.
mamma beat me on thursday.
beat me, lookyou!
but i made her stop, oh, so quickly.
miss walker pretends thatmamma was ill. i know better, and so do you.
i said if she hit meagain----"he caught her wrist.
he said in a firm whisper.
you are hurting me.
why are you so horrid?
do you want me to bebeaten?"
"no; but how can you dare threaten your mother?"
"i would dare anything rather than be kept in the house--away from you."
frank beckett-smythe, sitting near his father, was wondering dully whyhe had been such a fool as to incur severe penalties for the sake ofthis "silly kid," who was now ogling his rival and whispering coyly inthat rival's ear.
martin was welcome to her, for all he cared.
no girlwas worth the uneasiness of the chair he occupied, for his father'shunting-crop had fallen with such emphasis that he felt the bruises yet.
the jury returned.
they had been absent half an hour.
mr. webster wasflustered--that was perceptible instantly.
he, as foreman, had todeliver the finding.
"have you agreed as to your verdict?"
said the coroner.
"and it is?"
"what are you talking about?
this is not a criminal court.
you are askedto determine how george pickering met his death."
"i beg pardon," stammered mr. webster.
he turned anxiously to hiscolleagues.
some of them prompted him.
"i mean," he went on, "that our verdict is 'accidental death.'
'accidental death,' i should hev said.
mr. pickerin's ownwords----"the coroner frowned.
"it is an amazing verdict," he said.
"i feel it my bounden duty----"mr. stockwell, pale but determined, sprang to his feet.
"do hear me for one moment!"
the coroner did not answer, so the solicitor took advantage of the tacitpermission.
"i well recognize that the police cannot let the matter rest here," hepleaded.
"on your warrant they will arrest my client.
such a proceedingis unnecessary.
in her present state of health it might be fatal.
surelyit will suffice if you record your dissent and the inquiry is left toother authorities.
i am sure that you, that mr. dane, will forgive theinformality of my request.
it arises solely from motives of humanity."
the coroner shook his head.
"i am sorry, mr. stockwell, but i must discharge my dutyconscientiously.
the verdict is against the weight of evidence, and theultimate decision rests with me, not with the jury.
they have chosendeliberately to ignore my directions, and i have no option but to setaside their finding.
i am compelled to issue a warrant charging yourclient with 'wilful murder.'
protests only render the task more painful,and i may point out that, under any circumstances, the date of arrestcannot be long deferred."
a howl of vehement indignation came from the packed court.
nearlyeveryone present sympathized with betsy.
they accepted georgepickering's dying declaration as final; they regarded the coroner'sattitude as outrageous.
for an instant the situation was threatening.
it looked as though thepeople would wrest the girl from the hands of the police by main force.
old mrs. thwaites fainted, kitty screamed dreadful words at thecoroner, and the girl's father sprawled across the table with his facein his hands and crying pitifully.
mr. beckett-smythe rose, but none would listen.
there was a scene oftense excitement.
already men were crowding to the center of the room,while an irresistible rush from outside drove a policeman headlong fromthe door.
mr. herbert strove to make himself heard, but an overwrought member ofthe jury bellowed:"mak' him record oor vardict, parson.
what right hez he te go ageän t'opinion o' twelve honest men?"
solicitors and reporters gathered their papers hastily, fearing aninstant onslaught on the coroner, and someone chanced to step onangèle's foot as she clung in fright to martin.
the child squealedloudly; her toes had been squeezed under a heavy boot.
françoise, whose broad norman face depicted every sort of bewildermentat the tumult which had sprung up for some cause she in no wayunderstood, rose at the child's cry of anguish, and incontinently flungtwo pressmen out of her path.
she reached angèle and faced the crowdwith splendid courage.
the voluble harangue she poured forth in french, her uncommon costume,and fierce gesticulations gained her a hearing which would have beendenied any other person in the room, save, perhaps, betsy.
and betsy wasstriving to bring her mother back to consciousness, without, however,departing in the least particular from her own attitude of stoicdespair.
the coroner availed himself of the momentary lull.
françoise paused forsheer lack of breath, and dr. magnus made his voice heard far out intothe village street.
"why all this excitement?"
"the jury's verdict will berecorded, but you cannot force me to agree with it.
the police need notarrest mrs. pickering on my warrant at once.
i hope they will not do so.
surely, as men of sense, you will not endeavor to defy the law?
you areinjuring this poor woman's cause by an unseemly turmoil.
make way,there, at the door, and allow mrs. pickering to escort her mother to thehotel.
you are frightening women and children by your bluster."
mr. stockwell joined the superintendent in appealing to the crowd todisperse, and the crisis passed.
in a few minutes the members of thethwaites family were safe within the portals of the inn, and theschoolroom was empty of all save a few officials and busy reporters.
françoise held fast to angèle, but the girl appealed to martin toaccompany her a little way.
he yielded, though he turned back beforereaching the vicarage.
"mother and i are coming to tea to-morrow," she cried as they parted.
"all right," he replied.
"mind you don't vex her again."
"not i. she will want to hear all about the inquest.
it was as good as aplay.
wasn't françoise funny?
oh, i do wish you had understood her.
shecalled the men 'sacrés cochons d'anglais!'
it is so naughty in english."
on the green, and dotted about the roadway, excited groups discussed thelively episode in the schoolroom.
they were rancorous against thecoroner, and not a few boohed as he entered his carriage with mr. dane.
"ay, they'd hang t' poor lass, t' pair of 'em, if they could," shouted abuxom woman.
"sheäm on ye!"
"i'll lay owt ye won't sleep soond i'yer beds te-night."
but these vaporings broke no bones, and the coroner drove away, gladenough that so far as he was concerned a distasteful experience hadended.
the persistent rain soon cleared loiterers from the center of thevillage.
john bolland came to the farm while martin was eating a belatedmeal.
"a nice deed there was at t' inquest, i hear," he said.
"i don't knowwhat's come te elmsdale.
it's fair smitten wi' a moral pestilence.
onereads o' sike doin's i' foreign lands, but i nivver thowt te see 'em i'this law-abidin' counthry."
then martha flared up.
"wheä's i' t' fault?"
"can ye bleäm t' folk for lossin' theirtempers when a daft crowner cooms here an' puts hissen up ageän t' jury?
if he had a bit o' my tongue, i'd teng (sting) him!"
so elmsdale declared itself unhesitatingly on betsy's side.
a dead man'sword carried more weight than all the law in the land.
undoubtedly the coroner's expedient had prevented a riot in the village.
the police deferred execution of the warrant, and mr. stockwell,recognizing the hopelessness of the situation, co-operated with them inmaking arrangements which would serve to allay public excitement.
the dead man was removed unobtrusively to his nottonby residence onsunday evening.
accompanying the hearse was a closed carriage in whichrode mrs. pickering and kitty.
at the door of wetherby lodge, mr.stockwell met the cortège, and when the coffin was installed in thespacious library the solicitor introduced the weeping servants to theirtemporary mistress, since he and mr. herbert had decided that she oughtto reside in the house for a time.
such a fact, when it became known,would help to mold public opinion.
an elderly housekeeper was minded to greet betsy with bitter words.
heryoung master had been dear to her, and she had not scrupled earlier todenounce in scathing terms the woman who had encompassed his death.
but the sight of the wan, white face, the sorrow-laden eyes, thegraceful, shrinking figure of the girl-widow, restrained an imminentoutburst, and the inevitable reaction carried the housekeeper to theother extreme.
"how d'ye do, ma'am," she said brokenly.
"'tis a weary homecomin' ye'vehad.
mebbe ye'll be likin' a cup o' tea."
betsy murmured that she had no wants, but yorkshire regards food as apanacea for most evils, and the housekeeper bade one of the maids "put akettle on."
so the ice was broken, and mr. stockwell breathed freely again, for hehad feared difficulty in this quarter.
on monday pickering was buried, and the whole countryside attended thefuneral, which was made impressive by the drumming and marching of thedead man's company of territorials.
on tuesday morning a special sittingof the county magistrates was held in the local police court.
betsyattended with her solicitor, the coroner's warrant was enforced, she wascharged by the police with the murder of george pickering, and remandedfor a week in custody.
the whole affair was carried out so unostentatiously that betsy was injail before the public knew that she had appeared at the police court.
in one short week the unhappy dairymaid had experienced sharptransitions.
she had become a wife, a widow.
she was raised from thecondition of a wage-earner to the status of an independent lady, andtaken from a mansion to a prison.
bereft of her husband by her own actand separated from friends and relatives by the inexorable decree of thelaw, she was faced by the uncertain issue of a trial by an impartialjudge and a strange jury.
surely, the furies were exhausting their spiteon one frail creature.
on sunday evening mrs. saumarez drove in her car through the rain to teaat the white house.
she was alone.
her manner was more reserved thanusual, though she shook hands with mrs. bolland with a quietfriendliness that more than atoned for the perceptible change in herdemeanor.
her wonted air of affable condescension had gone.
her faceheld a new seriousness which the other woman was quick to perceive.
"i have come to have a little chat with you," she said.
"i am going awaysoon."
the farmer's wife thought she understood.
"i'm rale sorry te hear that, yer leddyship."
"indeed, i regret the necessity myself.
but recent events have opened myeyes to the danger of allowing my child to grow up in the untrammeledfreedom which i have permitted--encouraged, i may say.
it breaks myheart to be stern toward her.
i must send her to the south, where thereare good schools, where others will fulfil obligations in which i havefailed."
mrs. saumarez choked back a sob.
"eh, ma'am," cried the perturbed martha, "there's nowt to greet aboot.
t' lass is young eneuf yet, an' she's a bonny bairn, bless her heart.
weall hae te part wi' 'em.
it'll trouble me sore when martin goes away,but 'twill be for t' lad's good."
"you dear woman, you have nothing to reproach yourself with.
your fine boy would never dream of rending your soul as angèle has rentmine to-day--all because i wished her to read an instructive bookinstead of a french novel."
"mebbe you were a bit hard wi' her," said the older woman.
"to be sure,ye wouldn't be suited by this nasty inquest; but is it wise to changeall at once?
slow an' sure, ma'am, is better'n fast an' feckless.
whereis t' little 'un now?"
"at home, crying her eyes out because i insisted that she should remainthere."
"ay, i reckon she'd be wantin' te see martin."
"do you think i may have been too severe with her?"
"it's not for t' likes o' me to advise a leddy like you, but yon bairnneeds to be treated gently, for all t' wulld like a bit o' delicatechiney.
noo, when martin was younger, i'd gie him a slap ower t' head,an' he'd grin t' minnit me back was turned.
your little gell isdifferent."
"in my place, would you go back for her now?"
"no, ma'am, i wouldn't.
that'd show weak.
but i'd mek up for'tte-morrow.
then she'll think all t' more o' yer kindness."
so the regeneration of angèle commenced.
was it too late?
she was only achild in years.
surely there was yet time to mold her character inbetter shape.
mrs. saumarez hoped so.
she dried her tears, and, withbolland's appearance, the conversation turned on the lamentable weather.
she was surprised to hear that august was often an unsettled month,though this storm was not only belated but almost unprecedented in itsseverity.
mr. herbert went to nottonby early next day.
he attended the funeral,heard the will read at wetherby grange in the presence of somedisappointed cousins of the dead man, visited betsy to say a fewconsoling words, and drove back to the vicarage through the unceasingrain.
tea awaited him in the drawing-room, but his first glance at elsiealarmed him.
her face was flushed, her eyes red.
she was a mostwoebegone little maid.
"my dear child," he cried, "what is the matter?"
"i want you--to forgive me--first," she stammered brokenly.
"forgive you, my darling!
forgive you for what?"
"i've been--reading the paper."
he drew her to his knee.
"what crime is there in reading the paper, sweet one?"
"i mean that horrid inquest, father dear."
the smiling wonder left his face.
elsie looked up timidly.
"i ought to have asked your permission," she said, "but you were away,and auntie has a headache, and miss holland (her governess) has gone onher holidays, and i was so curious to know what all the bother wasabout."
yet he did not answer.
hitherto his daughter, his one cherishedpossession, had been kept sedulously from knowledge of the externalworld.
but she was shooting up, slender and straight, the image of herdead mother.
soon she would be a woman, and it was no part of his theoryof life that a girl should be plunged into the jungle of adult existencewithout a reasonable consciousness of its snares and pitfalls.
so idealwere the relations of father and daughter that the vicar had deferredthe day of enlightenment.
it had come sooner than he counted on.
elsie was frightened now.
her tears ceased and the flush left hercheeks.
"are you very angry?"
he kissed her.
"no, darling, not angry, but just a little pained.
it was an unpleasingrecord for your eyes.
give me some tea, and we'll talk aboutit.
you may have formed some mistaken notions.
tell me what you thoughtof it all.
in any case, elsie, why were you crying?"
"i was so sorry for that poor woman.
and why did the coroner believe shekilled her husband, when mr. pickering said she had not touched him?"
the vicar saw instantly that the girl had missed the more unpleasingphases of the tragedy.
he smiled again.
"bring me the paper," he said.
"i was present at the inquest.
perhapsthe story is somewhat garbled."
he cast a critical glance over the leaded columns, for theweekly newspaper had given practically a verbatim report of theevidence, and there was a vivid description of the scene in theschoolroom, with its dramatic close.
"it is by no means certain, from the evidence tendered, that the coroneris right," said mr. herbert slowly.
"in these matters, however, thepolice are compelled to sift all statements thoroughly, and the onlylegal way is to frame a charge.
although mrs. pickering may be tried formurder, it does not follow that she will be convicted."
"but," questioned elsie, "martin bolland said he heard her crying outthat she had killed mr.
"he may have misunderstood."
"just imagine him fighting with frank, and about angèle saumarez, too."
"you may take it from me that martin behaved very well indeed.
angèle isa little vixen, a badly behaved, spoilt child, i fear.
youngbeckett-smythe is a booby who encouraged her wilfulness.
it would have been far better had martin not been there at all; butif he were my son i should still be proud of him."
the girl's face brightened visibly.
there was manifest relief in hervoice.
"i am so glad we've had this talk," she cried.
"i--like martin, and itdid seem so odd that he should have been fighting about angèle."
"he knew she ought to be at home, and told her so.
frank interfered, andgot punched for his pains.
it served him right."
she helped herself to a large slice of tea-cake.
"i don't know why i was so silly as to cry--but--i really did think mrs.pickering was in awful trouble."
the vicar laid the paper aside.
his innocent-minded daughter had noteven given a thought to the vital issues of the affair.
he breathedfreely, and told her of the funeral.
nevertheless, he had failed tofathom the cause of those red eyes.
a servant clearing the tea-table bethought her of a note which came formr. herbert some two hours earlier.
she brought it from the study.
itwas from mrs. saumarez, inviting him and elsie to luncheon next day.
"angèle will be delighted," she wrote, "if elsie will remain longer thanusual.
it is dull for children to be cooped within doors during thismiserable weather.
i am asking martin bolland to join us for tea."
mr. herbert was a kind-hearted man, yet he wished most emphaticallythat mrs. saumarez had not proffered this request.
to make an excuse forhis daughter's non-attendance would convey a distinct slight which couldonly be interpreted in one way, after the publicity given to angèle'sappearance at the inquest.
he shirked the ordeal.
he glanced covertly at elsie.
all unconscious of the letter's contents,the girl was looking out ruefully at the leaden sky.
there might be nomore picnics for weeks.
"mrs. saumarez has invited us to luncheon," he said.
she asked unconcernedly.
she wishes you to spend the afternoon with angèle."
elsie turned, with quick animation.
"i don't care to go," she said.
you know very little about her."
"she seems to me--curious."
"well, i personally don't regard her as a desirable companion for you.
but there is no need to give offense, and it will not hurt you to meether for an hour or so.
your friend martin is coming, too."
"oh," she cried, "that makes a great difference."
her father laughed.
"between you, you will surely manage to keep angèle out of mischief.
and, now, my pet, what do you say to an hour with la fontaine, while iattend to some correspondence?
where are my pupils?"
"they went for a long walk.
mr. gregory said they would not be homeuntil dinner-time."
next morning, for a wonder, the clouds broke, and an autumn sun stroveto cheer the scarred and drowned earth.
mrs. saumarez met her guestswith the unobtrusive charm of a skilled hostess.
angèle, demure andshrinking, extended her hand to elsie with a shy civility that was anexact copy of elsie's own attitude.
during luncheon she behaved so charmingly and spoke with such sweetnaturalness when any question was addressed to her that mr. herbertfound himself steadily recasting his unfavorable opinion.
the conversation steered clear of any reference to the inquest.
mrs.saumarez was a widely read and traveled woman, and versed in the art ofagreeable small talk.
once, in referring to angèle, she said smilingly:"i have been somewhat selfish in keeping her with me always.
but, now, ihave decided that she must go to school.
i'll winter in brighton, withthat object in view."
"will you like that?"
said the vicar to the child.
"i'll not like leaving mamma; but school, yes.
i feel i want to learn alot.
i suppose elsie is, oh, so clever?"
she peeped at the other girl under her long eyelashes, and made pretenseof being awe-stricken by such eminent scholastic attainments in one ofher own age.
"elsie has learnt a good deal from books, but you have seen much more ofthe world.
if you work hard, you will soon make up the lost ground."
i have been trying--all day yesterday!
mrs. saumarez sighed.
"i ought to have engaged a governess," she said.
"i cannot teach.
i haveno patience."
mr. herbert did not know that angèle's educational efforts of thepreceding day consisted in a smug decorum that irritated her motherexceedingly.
this luncheon party had been devised as a relief fromangèle's burlesque.
she termed it "jouer le bon enfant."
after the meal they strolled into the garden.
the storm had played havocwith shrubs and flowers, but the graveled paths were dry, and the lawnwas firm, if somewhat damp.
mrs. saumarez had caused a fine swing to beerected beneath a spreading oak.
it held two cushioned seats, and twopropelling ropes were attached to a crossbar.
it made swinging a luxury,not an exercise.
"by the way," cried mrs. saumarez to the vicar, "do you smoke?"
he pleaded guilty to a pipe.
"then you can smoke a cigar.
françoise packed a box among mybelongings--the remnants of some forgotten festivity in the savoy.
if you like it, may i send you the others?"
the vicar discovered that the gift would be costly--nearly forty villary villars, of exquisite flavor.
"do you know that you are giving me five pounds?"
"i never learn the price of these things.
i am so glad they are good.
you will enjoy them."
"it tickles a poor country vicar to hear you talk so easily of lucullianfeasts, mrs. saumarez.
what must the banquet have been, when the cigarscost a half-crown each!"
"oh, i am not hard up.
colonel saumarez had only his army pay, but myestates lie near hamburg, and you know how that port has grown ofrecent years."
"do you never reside there?"
mrs. saumarez inclined a pink-lined parasol so that its reflected tintmingled with the rush of color which suffused her face.
had the worthyvicar given a moment's thought to the matter, he would have known thathis companion wished she had bitten her tongue before it wagged sofreely.
"i prefer english society to german," she answered, after a slightpause.
oddly enough, this statement was literally true, but she dared notqualify it by the explanation that an autocratic government exactedheavy terms for permitting her to draw a large revenue from her hamburgproperty.
blissfully unaware of treading on anyone's toes, mr. herbert pursued thetheme.
"in my spare hours i take an interest in law," he said.
"your marriagemade you a british subject.
does german law raise no difficulty as toalien ownership of land and houses?"
"my family, the von edelsteins, have great influence."
this time the vicar awoke to the fact that he might be deemed undulyinquisitive.
he knew better than to apologize, or even change thesubject abruptly.
"land tenure is a complex business in old-established countries," hewent on.
"take this village, for example.
you may have noticed how everygarth runs up the hillside in a long, narrow strip.
ownership of landbordering the moor carries the right of free grazing for a certainnumber of sheep, so every freeholder contrives to touch the heather atsome point."
said mrs. saumarez, promptly interested, "that explains thepeculiar shape of the bolland land at the back of the white house.
anadmirable couple, are they not?
and so medieval in their notions.
iattended what they call a 'love feast' the other evening.
john bollandintroduced me as 'sister saumarez.'
when he became wrapped up in theservice he reminded me, or, rather, filled my ideal, of a high priest inisrael."
"was eli todd there?"
"he is a fine fellow.
given to use a spiritual sledge-hammer, perhaps,but the implements of the lord are many and varied.
far be it from me togainsay the good work done by the dissenting congregations.
if therewere more chapels, there would be more churches in the land, mrs.
they had strolled away from the girls, and little did the vicar dreamwhat deeps they had skirted in their talk.
angèle led elsie to the swing.
"try this," she said.
"it's just lovely to feel the air sizzing pastyour ears."
"i have a swing," said elsie, "but not like this one.
it is a singlerope, with a little crossbar, which i hold in my hands and propel withmy feet.
it is hard work, i assure you."
so i should think."
cried elsie, "you shouldn't say that."
"vous me faites rire!
you speak french?"
"how stupid of me not to guess.
i can say what i like before martinbolland.
he is a nice boy--martin."
"yes," agreed elsie shortly.
they were in the swing now, and swooping to and fro in longrushes.
angèle's black eyes were searching elsie's blue ones.
"what makes you so red when i speak of martin?"
"i am not red--that is, i have no reason to be."
"you know him well?"
"do you mean martin?"
"sapristi!--i beg your pardon--who else?"
"i--i have only met him twice, to speak to.
i have known him by sightfor years."
the first time when he killed that thing--the cat.
when was thesecond?"
angèle was tugging her rope with greater energy than might be creditedto one of her slight frame.
the swing was traveling at a great pace.
herfierce gaze disquieted elsie, to whom this inquisition was irksome.
"let us stop now," she said.
tell me when next you saw martin.
i _must_ know."
"because he became different in his manner all at once.
one day hekissed me----""oh, you _are_ horrid."
"i swear it.
he kissed me last wednesday afternoon.
i did not see himagain until saturday.
then he was cold.
he saw you after wednesday."
by this time elsie's blood was boiling.
"yes," she said, and the blue in her eyes held a hard glint.
"he saw meon wednesday night.
we happened to be standing at our gate.
frankbeckett-smythe passed on his bicycle.
he was chased by a groom--senthome to be horsewhipped--because he was coming to meet you."
"o là là!"
"that was nine o'clock.
does papa know?"
poor elsie crimsoned to the nape of her neck.
she wanted to cry--to slapthis tormentor's face.
yet she returned angèle's fiery scrutiny withinterest.
"yes," she said with real heat.
"i told him martin came to our house,but i said nothing about frank--and you.
it was too disgraceful."
she jerked viciously at her rope to counteract the pull given by angèle.
the opposing strains snapped the crossbar.
both ropes fell, and withthem the two pieces of wood.
one piece tapped angèle somewhat sharply onthe shoulder, and she uttered an involuntary cry.
the vicar and mrs. saumarez hurried up, but the swing stopped gradually.
obviously, neither of the girls was injured.
"you must have been using great force to break that stout bar," said mr.herbert, helping angèle to alight.
elsie and i were pulling against each other.
but we had a lovelytime, didn't we, elsie?"
"i think i enjoyed it even more than you," retorted elsie.
the eldersattributed her excited demeanor to the accident.
"if the ropes were tied to the crossbeam, they would be safer, andalmost as effective," said the vicar.
here comes martin.
perhapshe can put matters right."
"i don't want to swing any more," vowed elsie.
"but martin will," laughed angèle.
"we can swop partners.
that will bejolly, won't it?"
blissfully unaware of the thorns awaiting him, the boy advanced.
to becandid, he was somewhat awkward in manner.
he did not know whether toshake hands all round or simply doff his cap to the entire company.
moreover, he noted elsie's presence with mixed feelings, for mrs.saumarez's note had merely invited him to tea.
there was no mention ofother visitors.
he was delighted, yet suspicious.
elsie and angèle wereflint and steel.
there might be sparks.
mrs. saumarez rescued him from one horn of the dilemma.
she extended ahand and asked if mr. bolland were not pleased that the rain had ceased.
"now, martin," said the vicar briskly, "shin up the pole and tie theropes to the center-piece.
these strong-armed giantesses have smashed achunk of timber as thick as your wrist.
don't allow either of them tohit you.
they'll pulverize you at a stroke."
"i fear it was i who broke it," admitted elsie.
"then it is you he must beware of."
the vicar, in the midst of this chaff, gave martin a "leg-up" the pole,and repairs were effected.
when the swing was in order he slid to the ground.
mr. herbert resumedthe stroll with mrs. saumarez.
there was an awkward pause before martinsaid:"you girls get in.
i'll start you."
he spoke collectively, but addressed elsie.
he wondered why her air wasso distant.
"no, thank you," she said.
"i've done damage enough already."
"martin," murmured angèle, "she is furious because i said you kissedme."
this direct attack was a crude blunder.
mischievous and utterlyunscrupulous though the girl was, she could not measure this boy's realstrength of character.
the great man is not daunted by greatdifficulties--he grapples with them; and martin had in him the materialof greatness.
he felt at once that he must now choose irrevocablybetween the two girls, with a most unpromising chance of ever againrecovering lost ground with one of them.
he did not hesitate an instant.
"did you say that?"
he demanded sternly.
isn't it true?"
"the truth may be an insult.
you had no right to thrust your schemesinto elsie's knowledge."
"my schemes, you--you pig.
i spit at you.
isn't it true?"
i shall regret it always."
angèle nearly flew at him with her nails.
but she contrived to laughairily.
"eh bien, mon cher martin!
there will come another time.
"there will come no other time.
you dared me to it.
i was stupid enoughto forget--for a moment."
"that there was a girl in elmsdale worth fifty of you--an english girl,not a mongrel!"
it was a boyish retort, feeble, unfair, but the most cutting thing hecould think of.
the words were spoken in heat; he would have recalledthem at once if that were possible, but angèle seized the opening withglee.
she cried, stabbing her rival with a finger.
i'ma mixture, half english, half german, but really bad french!"
"please don't drag me into your interesting conversation," said elsiewith bitter politeness.
"i am sorry i said that," put in the boy.
"i might have had two friends.
now i have lost both."
his intent was to quit the place forthwith.
elsie caught hisarm with an alarmed cry.
"martin," she almost screamed, "look at your left hand.
it is coveredwith blood!"
surprised as she, he raised his hand.
blood was streaming down thefingers.
"it's nothing," he said coolly.
"i must have opened a deep cut byclimbing the swing."
"i hate blood!"
"i'm awfully sorry--" began martin.
come at once to the kitchen and have it bound up," saidelsie.
they hurried off together.
angèle did not offer to accompany them.
martin glanced at elsie through the corner of his eye.
her set mouth hadrelaxed somewhat.
anger was yielding to sympathy.
"i was fighting another wildcat, so was sure to get scratched," hewhispered.
"you needn't have kissed it, anyhow," she snapped.
"that, certainly, was a mistake," he admitted.
she made no reply.
once within the house she removed the stained bandagewithout flinching from the ugly sight of half-healed scars, one of whichwas bleeding profusely.
cold water soon stopped the outflow, and one ofthe maids procured some strips of linen, with which elsie bound thewound tightly.
they had a moment to themselves in recrossing the hall.
martin venturedto touch the girl's shoulder.
"look here, elsie," he said boldly, "do you forgive me?"
something in his voice told her that mere verbal fencing would beuseless.
"yes," she murmured with a wistful smile.
"i'll forgive, but i can'tforget--for a long time."
on the lawn they encountered mrs. saumarez.
learning from angèle why thetrio had dispersed so suddenly, she was coming to attend to martinherself.
the vicar joined them.
"really," he said, "some sort of ill luck is attached to that swingto-day."
and then françoise appeared, to tell them that tea was ready.
"what curious french she talks," commented the smiling elsie.
"yes," cried angèle tartly.
"bad french, eh?
and i know heaps and heapsof it."
she caught mr. herbert's eye, and added an excuse:"i'm going to change all that.
people think i'm naughty when i speaklike a domestic.
and i really don't mean anything wrong."
"we all use too much slang," said the tolerant-minded vicar.
"it issheer indolence.
we refuse to bother our brains for the right word."
though all hands were needed on the farm in strenuous endeavor to repairthe storm's havoc, dr. macgregor forbade martin to work when he examinedthe reopened cut.
thus, the boy was free to guide fritz, the chauffeur,on the morning the man came to look at bolland's herd.
fritz bauer--that was the name he gave--had improved his englishpronunciation marvelously within a fortnight.
he no longer confused"d's" and "t's."
he had conquered the sibilant sound of the "s." he waseven wrestling with the elusive "th," substituting "d" for "z."
"i learnt from a book," he explained, when martin complimented him onhis mastery of english.
"dat is goot--no, good--but one trains de earonly in de country where de people spik--speak--de language all detime."
the sharp-witted boy soon came to the conclusion that his german friendwas more interested in the money value of the cattle as pedigreed stockthan in the "points"--such as weight, color, bone, level back, andmilking qualities--which commended them to the experienced eye.
bauerasked where he could obtain a show catalogue, and jotted down theprinter's address.
when they happened on a team of cleveland bays,however, fritz was thoroughly at home, and gratified his hearer bydisplaying a horseman's knowledge of a truly superb animal.
"dey are light, yet strong," he said, his eyes roving from high-setwithers to shapely hocks and clean-cut fetlocks.
"each could pull a tonon a bad road--yes?"
he was blind to the cynical smile called forth by hisamusement.
why, one day last winter, when a pair of belgianscouldn't move a loaded lorry in the deep snow, my father had the mantake out both of 'em, and prince walked away with the lot."
cried the german admiringly.
"but you understand horses," went on martin.
"yet i've read that men whodrive motors don't care for anything else, as a rule."
"ah, dat reminds me," said the other.
"it is a fine day.
come wid me inde machine."
"that'll be grand," said martin elatedly.
"can you take it out?"
any time i--dat is, i'll ask mrs. saumarez, and she willpermit--yes."
quarter of an hour later the chauffeur was explaining, in german, thathe was going into the country for a long spin, and mrs. saumarez waslistening, not consenting.
she inquired languidly.
"no, madam," he answered.
"martin bolland will come with me."
"why not take miss angèle?"
the man smiled.
"i want the boy to talk," he explained.
mrs. saumarez nodded.
she treated the matter with indifference.
not soangèle, who heard the car purring down the drive, and inquired fritz'serrand.
she was furious when her mother blurted out the news that martinwould accompany bauer.
"ce cochon d'allemand!"
she stormed, her long lashes wet with vexedtears.
"he has done that purposely.
he knew i wanted to go.
but i'll geteven with him!
see if i don't."
and mrs. saumarez reddened with annoyance; "if ever you say aword about such matters to fritz i'll pack you off to school within thehour.
i mean it, so believe me."
angèle stamped a rebellious foot, but curbed her tongue and vanished.
she ran all the way to the village and was just in time to see themercedes bowling smoothly out of sight, with martin seated beside thechauffeur.
she was so angry that she stamped again in rage, and evelynatkinson came from the inn to inquire the cause.
but angèle snubbed her,bought some chocolates from mr. webster, and never offered the othergirl a taste.
it happened that martin, for his part, had suggested a call at thevicarage.
fritz vetoed the motion promptly.
"i had to dodge de odder one, yes."
evidently fritz had kept both eyes and ears open.
they headed for the moors.
wise martin had counseled a slow speed in thevillage to allay mrs. bolland's dread of a new-fangled device which she"couldn't abide"; but once on the open road the car breasted a steephill at a rate which the boy thought neck-breaking.
"dat is nodding," said fritz nonchalantly.
waittill we are on de level.
den i show you fifty."
within six minutes martin flew past mrs. summersgill's moor-edge farm.
never before had he reached that point in less than half an hour.
thestout party was in the porch, peeling potatoes for the midday meal.
shelifted her hands in astonishment as her young friend sped by.
martinwaved a greeting.
he could almost hear her say:"that lad o' bolland's must ha' gone clean daft.
i'm surprised at marthate let him ride i' such a conthraption."
on the hedgeless road of the undulating moor, even after the ravages ofthe gale, fifty miles an hour was practicable for long stretches.
fritzwas a skilled driver.
he seemed to have a sixth sense which warned himof rain-gullies, and slowed up to avoid straining the car.
he beganexplaining the mechanism, and halted on the highest point of a far-flungtableland to lift the bonnet and show the delighted boy the operationsof the otto cycle.
in those days the self-starter was unknown, butmartin found he could start the heated engine without any difficulty.
fritz permitted him to drive slowly, and taught him the use of thebrakes.
finally, this most agreeable teuton produced a packet ofsandwiches.
he was in no hurry to return.
"dese farms," he said, pointing to a low-built house with tiled roof,and a cluster of stables and haymows, "dey do not raise stock, eh?
"they all keep milk-cows, and bring butter to the market, so they oftenhave calves and yearlings," was the ready answer.
"always a couple, and a nag for counting the sheep."
"how many sheep?"
"never less than a hundred.
some flocks run to three or four hundred."
where are dey?"
martin, proud of his knowledge, indicated the position and approximatedistance of the hollows, invisible for the most part, in which lay thelarger holdings.
"do you understand a map?"
i love maps.
they tell you everything, when you can read themproperly."
"not everyding," and the man smiled.
"some day i want to visit one ofdose big farms.
can you mark a few?"
he spread an ordnance map--a clean sheet--and gave his guide a pencil.
soon martin had dotted the paper with accurate information, such as nonebut one reared in that wild country could have supplied.
he was eager toprove his familiarity with a map, and followed each bend and twist ofthe prehistoric glacier beds, where the lowland becks had their origin.
he was not "showing off" before a foreigner.
he loved this brown moorand was only too pleased to have found a sympathetic listener.
"the heather is losing its color now," he said, pausing for a moment inhis task.
"you ought to see it early in august, when it is all one massof purple flowers, with here and there a bunch of golden gorse--'whin,'we call it.
our moor is almost free from bog-holes, so you can walk orride anywhere with safety.
i have often thought what a fine place itwould be for an army."
"wass ist das?"
cried fritz sharply.
he corrected the slip with a laugh.
he went on, though his newly acquired accent escaped him.
"vot woot an army pe toing here?"
"oh, just a camp, you know.
we hold maneuvers every year in england."
you coot pud all your leedle army on dis grount.
bud dere iss vongrade tefecd.
dere iss no water.
a vell, in eej farm, yez; bud nodenough for a hundret dousand men, und de horses of four divisions."
this point of view was novel to the boy.
he knit his brows.
"i hadn't thought of that," he confessed.
"but, wait a bit.
there's farmore water here than you would imagine.
stocks have to be watered, youknow.
some of the farmers dam the becks.
why, in the dickenson placeover there," and out went a hand, "they have quite a large reservoir,with trout in it.
you'd never guess it existed, if you weren't told."
he had turned against the breeze to shield a match for acigarette, and his face was hidden.
"you surprise me," he murmured, speaking slowly and with care again.
"and dere are odders, you say?"
"five that i know of.
mrs. walker, at the broad ings, rears hundreds ofducks on her pond."
fritz took the map and pencil.
"you show me," he chuckled.
"i write an essay on yorkshire moor farms,and perhaps earn a new suit of clo'es, yes?
our cherman magazines printdose tings."
*       *       *       *       *that same afternoon a party of guns on a scottish moor had been shootingdriven grouse flying low and fast over the butts before a strong wind.
the sportsmen, five in number, were all experts.
around each shelter,with its solitary marksman and his attendant loader, lay a deep crescentof game, every bird shot cleanly.
the last drive of the day was the most successful.
one man, whosebronzed skin and military bearing told his profession, handed the empty12-bore to the gillie when the line of beaters came over the crest ofthe hill, and betook himself, filling his pipe the while, to a group ofponies waiting on the moorland road in the valley beneath.
he joined another, the earliest arrival.
"capital ground, this," he said.
"i don't know whose lot is the moreenviable, heronsdale--yours, who have the pains as well as the pleasureof ownership, or that of wandering vagabonds like myself whom you makeyour guests."
lord heronsdale smiled.
"you may call yourself a wandering vagabond, grant--the envy rests withme," he said.
"it's all very well to have large estates, but i feel likedegenerating into a sort of head gamekeeper and farm bailiff combined.
of course, i'm proud of cairn-corrie, yet i pine sometimes for theexcitement of a life that does not travel in grooves."
the other shook his head.
"don't tempt fate," he said.
"my life has been spent among the outerbeasts.
it isn't worth it.
for a few years of a man's youth,yes--perhaps.
but i am forty, and i live in a club.
there, you have mycareer in a nutshell."
"there is a fine kernel within.
grant, why don't you pretend imeant that pun?
i didn't, but i'll claim it at dinner.
gad, it's fine!"
colonel grant laughed.
his mirth had a pleasant, wholesome ring.
"if you bribe me with as good a berth to-morrow," he said, "i'll giveyou the chance of throwing it off spontaneously during the first lull inthe conversation.
the best impromptus are always prepared beforehand,you know."
others came up.
the shooters mounted, and the wise ponies picked theirway with cautious celerity over an uneven track.
colonel grant againfound himself riding beside his host.
"tell you what," said lord heronsdale suddenly, "you're a bit of anenigma, grant."
"i have often been told that."
"gad, i don't doubt it.
a chap like you, with five thousand a year, tochuck the guards for the indian staff corps, exchange town for thenorthwest frontier, go in for potting afghans instead of running a dragto sandown; and, to crown all, remain a bachelor.
i don't understandit."
"yet, ten minutes ago you were growling about the monotony of existenceat cairn-corrie and half a dozen other places."
"not even a _tu quoque_ like that explains the mystery."
"some day i'll tell you all about it.
when the time comes i must asklady heronsdale to find me a nice wife, with a warranty."
"gad, that's the job for mollie.
_she'll_ put the future mrs. grantthrough her paces.
you're not flying off to india again, then?"
i heard last week that a post is to be found for me in theintelligence department."
you'll soon have a k. before the c.
some fellows wear themselves to the bone in trying for thosethings.
my scheming for years has been to avoid the humdrum ofcantonment life.
i am spotted for promotion.
i don't knowhow the deuce they ever heard of me in pall mall."
don't you read the papers?"
"my dear fellow, they were full of you last year.
that march through thesnow, pulling those guns through the pass, the final relief of thefort--gad, molly has the cuttings.
she'll show 'em to you after dinner."
"i sincerely hope lady heronsdale will do no such thing.
why on earthdoes she keep such screeds?"
his lordship dropped his bantering air.
"do you really imagine, grant," he said seriously, "that either she or iwill ever forget what you did for arthur at peshawar?"
the other man reddened.
"a mere schoolboy episode," he growled.
"yes, in a sense.
yet arthur told me that he had a revolver in hispocket when you met him that night at the mess and persuaded him toleave the business in your hands.
you saved our boy, grant.
gad, askmollie what she thinks!"
"has he been steady since?"
"a rock, my dear chap--adamant where women are concerned.
his mother isbeginning to worry about him; he wouldn't look at helen forbes, andmadge bolingbrooke does her skirt-dances in vain.
both deuced nicegirls, too."
colonel grant had navigated the talk into a safe channel, and kept itthere.
he never spoke of the past.
at dinner a man asked him if he was reading the elmsdale sensation.
hehad not even heard of it, so the tale of betsy and george pickering, ofmartin bolland and angèle saumarez was poured into his ears.
"i am interested," said his neighbor, "because i knew poor pickering.
hehunted regularly with the york and ainsty."
murmured colonel grant.
"i once met a man of that name.
hewas shot on the modder river."
"this girl may be his daughter.
the paper describes her mother as a ladyof independent means, visiting the moors for her health."
from what i remember of his character, the child must bea chip of the same block--he was an irresponsible daredevil, a terroramong women.
but he died gallantly."
"there's a lot about her in the local paper, which reached me thismorning.
would you care to see it?"
"newspapers are so inaccurate.
they never know the facts."
yet the colonel, not caring to play bridge, asked later for the loan ofthe journal named by his informant, and read therein the story of thevillage tragedy.
as fate willed it, the writer was the reporter of the_messenger_, and his account was replete with local knowledge.
yes, mrs. saumarez was the widow of colonel saumarez, late of thehussars.
but--what was this?
"martin court bolland, a bright-faced boy, of an intelligence far     greater than one looks for in rustic youth, has himself a somewhat     romantic history.
he is the adopted son of the sturdy yeoman whose     name he bears.
mr. and mrs. bolland were called to london thirteen     years ago to attend the funeral of the farmer's brother.
one     evening while seeing the sights of the great metropolis they found     themselves in ludgate hill.
they were passing the end of st.     martin's court, when a young woman named martineau----"the colonel laid aside his cigar and twisted his body sideways, so thatthe light of the billiard-room lamps should fall clearly on the paperyet leave his face in the shade.     "
--a young woman named martineau threw herself, with a baby in her     arms, from the fourth story of a house in the court, and was killed     by the fall.
the baby's frock was caught by a projecting sign, and     the child hung perilously in air.
john bolland, whose strong, stern     face reveals a character difficult to surprise, impossible to     daunt, jumped forward and caught the tiny mite as it dropped a     second time.
mrs. bolland still treasures a letter written by the     infant's unhappy mother, and prizes to the utmost the fine boy     whom she and her husband adopted from that hour.
the old couple are     childless, though with martin calling them 'father' and 'mother,'     they would scoff at the statement.
this, then, is the well-knit,     fearless youngster who fought the squire's son on that eventful     night, and whose evidence is of the utmost importance in the police     theory of crime, as opposed to accident."
colonel grant went steadily through the neat sentences on which the_messenger_ correspondent prided himself.
he was a man of bronze; heshowed no more emotion than a statue, though the facts staring from theprinted page might well have produced external signs of the tempestwhich sprang into instant being in his soul.
he read each line of descriptive matter and report.
for the sorrows ofbetsy, the final daring of george pickering, he had no eyes.
it was theboy he sought in the living record: the boy who fought youngbeckett-smythe to rescue the thoughtless child--for so angèle figured inthe text; the boy who repudiated with scorn the solicitor's suggestionthat he formed part and parcel of the crowd of urchins gathered in thehotel yard; the farmer's adopted son, who spoke so fearlessly and borehimself so well that the newspaper noted his intelligence, his brightlooks.
at last colonel grant laid down the sheet and lighted a fresh cigar.
hesmoked for a few minutes, watching the pool players, and declining aninvitation to join in the game.
he seemed to be planning some line ofaction; soon he went to the library and unrolled a large scale map ofengland.
he found nottonby--elmsdale was too small a place to bedenoted--and, after consulting a railway timetable, wrote a longtelegram.
these things accomplished, he seized an opportunity to tell lordheronsdale that business of the utmost importance would take him away bythe first train next morning.
of course, his host was voluble in protestations, so the soldierexplained matters.
"you asked me to-day," he said, "why i turned my back on town thirteenyears ago.
i meant telling you at a more convenient season.
will itsuffice now to say that a kindred reason tears me away from your moor?"
"gad, i hope there is nothing wrong.
can i help?"
"yes; by letting me go.
you will be here until october.
may i return?"
"my dear grant----"so they settled it that way.
about three o'clock on the second day after the colonel's departure fromcairn-corrie he and an elderly man of unmistakably legal appearancewalked from elmsdale station to the village.
the station master,forewarned, had procured a dogcart from the "black lion," but thevisitors preferred dispatching their portmanteaux in the vehicle, andthey followed on foot.
thus it happened--as odd things do happen in life--that the two men meta boy walking rapidly from the village, and some trick of expression inhis face caused the colonel to halt him with a question:"can you tell me where the 'black lion' inn is?"
on the left, just beyond the bend in the road."
"and the white house farm?"
the village youth looked at the speaker with interest.
"on the right, sir; after you cross the green."
the two men stood and stared at martin, who was dressed in a neat blueserge suit, obtained by post from york, the wildcat having ruined itspredecessor.
the older man, who reminded the boy of mr. stockwell, owingto the searching clearness of his gaze, said not a word; but the tall,sparsely-built soldier continued--for martin civilly awaited hispleasure--"is your name, by any chance, martin court bolland?"
the boy smiled.
"it is, sir," he said.
"are you--can you--that is, if you are not busy, you might show us theinn--and the farm?"
the gentleman seemed to have a slight difficulty in speaking, and hiseyes dwelt on martin with a queer look in them: but the answer cameinstantly:"i'm sorry, sir; but i am going to the vicarage to tea, and you cannotpossibly miss either place.
the inn has a signpost by the side of theroad, and the white house stands by itself on a small bank about ahundred and fifty yards farther down the village."
the older gentleman broke in:"that will be our best course, colonel.
we can easily find ourway--alone."
the hint in the words was intended for the ears that understood.
colonelgrant nodded, yet was loath to go.
"is the vicar a friend of yours?"
he said to martin.
i like him very much."
"does a mrs. saumarez live here?"
she is at the vicarage now, i expect."
you might tell her you met a colonel grant, who knew herhusband in south africa.
you will not forget the name, eh--grant?"
"of course not, sir."
martin surveyed the stranger with redoubled attention.
a live colonel isa rare sight in a secluded village.
the man, seizing any pretext toprolong the conversation, drew out a pocketbook.
"here is my card," he said.
"you need not give it to mrs. saumarez.
shewill probably recognize my name."
the boy glanced at the pasteboard.
it read:     lieut.-col. reginald grant,       "indian staff corps."
now, it chanced that among martin's most valued belongings was a certainmonthly publication entitled "recent british battles," and he had readthat identical name in the july number.
as was his way, he rememberedexactly the heroic deeds with which a gallant officer was credited, sohe asked somewhat shyly:"are you colonel grant of aliwal, sir?"
he pronounced the indian word wrongly, with a short "a" instead of along one, but never did misplaced accent convey sweeter sound to man'sears.
the soldier was positively startled.
"my dear boy," he cried, "how can you possibly know me?"
"everyone knows your name, sir.
no fear of me forgetting it now."
the honest admiration in those brown eyes was a new form of flattery;for the first time in his life colonel grant hungered for more.
"you have astonished me more than i can tell," he said.
"what have youread of the aliwal campaign?
all right, dobson.
we are in no hurry."
this to his companion, who ventured on a mild remonstrance.
"i have a book, sir, which tells you all about aliwal"--this time martinpronounced the word correctly; no wonder the newspaper commented on hisintelligence--"and it has pictures, too.
there is a grand picture ofyou, riding through the gate of the fort, sword in hand.
do you mind mesaying, sir, that i am very pleased to have met you?"
the man averted his eyes.
he dared not look at martin.
he made pretenseto bite the end off a cigar.
he was compelled to do something to keephis lips from trembling.
"i hope we shall meet often again, martin," he said slowly.
"i'll tellyou more than the book does, though i have not read it.
run off to yourfriends at the vicarage.
he held out his hand, which the boy shook diffidently.
there was nodoubt whatever in martin's mind that colonel grant was anextraordinarily nice gentleman.
"my god, dobson!"
cried the soldier, turning again to look after thealert figure of the boy; "i have seen him, spoken to him--my own son!
iwould know him among a million."
"he certainly bears a marked resemblance to your own photograph at thesame age," admitted the cautious solicitor.
"and what a fine youngster!
by jove, did you twig the way he caught onto the pronunciation of aliwal?
bless that book!
it shall be bound inthe rarest leather, though i never rode through that gate--i ran, fordear life!
i--i tell you what, dobson, i'd sooner do it now than facethese people, the bollands, and explain my errand.
i suppose theyworship him."
"the position differs from my expectations," said the solicitor.
"theboy does not talk like a farmer's son.
and he is going to tea at thevicarage with a lady of good social position.
can the bollands be ofhigher grade than we are led to believe?"
"the newspaper is my only authority.
ah, here is the 'black lion.'"
mrs. atkinson bustled forward to assure the gentlemen that she couldaccommodate them.
colonel grant was allotted the room in which georgepickering died!
it was the best in the hotel.
he glanced for a momentthrough the window and took in the scene of the tragedy.
"that must be where the two young imps fought," he murmured, with asmile, as he looked into the yard.
as heronsdale says, i'd like tohave seen the battle.
and my boy whipped the other chap, who was biggerand older, the paper said."
soon the two men were climbing the slight acclivity on which stood thewhite house.
the door stood hospitably open, as was ever the case abouttea-time in fine weather.
in the front kitchen was martha, alone.
the colonel advanced.
"is mr. bolland at home?"
he asked, raising his hat.
"noa, sir; he isn't.
but he's on'y i' t' cow-byre.
if it's owtimportant----"he followed her meaning sufficiently.
"will you oblige me by sending for him?
and--er--is mrs. bolland here?"
"i'm mrs. bolland, sir."
"oh, i beg your pardon.
of course, i did not know you."
he thought he would find a much younger woman.
martha, in theclose-fitting sunbonnet, with its wide flaps, her sleeves rolled up, andher outer skirt pinned behind to keep it clear of the dirt duringunceasing visits to dairy and hen-roosts, looked even older than shewas, her real age being fifty-five.
"will you kindly be seated, gentlemen?"
she was sure they werecounty folk come about the stock.
her husband's growing reputation as abreeder of prize cattle brought such visitors occasionally.
she wonderedwhy the taller stranger asked for her, but he said no more, taking achair in silence.
she dispatched a maid to summon the master.
"hev ye coom far?"
she asked bluntly.
colonel grant looked around.
his eyes were searching the roomy kitchenfor tokens of its occupants' ways.
"we traveled from darlington to elmsdale," he said, "and walked herefrom the station."
"my goodness, ye'll be fair famished.
hev summat te eat.
there's plentyo' tea an' cakes; an' if ye'd fancy some ham an' eggs----""pray do not trouble, mrs. bolland," said the colonel when he hadgrasped the full extent of the invitation.
"we wish to have a brief talkwith you and your husband.
afterwards, if you ask us, we shall be mostpleased to accept your hospitality."
he spoke so genially, with such utter absence of affectation, thatmartha rather liked him.
yet, what could she have to do with thebusiness in hand?
anyhow, here came john, crossing the road with heavystrides.
the farmer paused just within the threshold.
his huge frame filled thedoorway.
he wore spectacles for reading only, and his deep-sunken eyesrested steadily, first on colonel grant, then on the solicitor.
thenthey went back to the colonel and did not leave him again.
"good day, gentlemen," he said.
"what can i deä for ye?"
the man who stormed forts on horseback--in pictures--quailed at the taskbefore him.
he nodded to the solicitor.
"dobson," he said, "you know all the circumstances.
oblige me by statingthem fully."
the solicitor, who seemed to expect this request, produced a bulkypacket of papers and photographs.
he prefaced his explanation by givinghis companion's name and rank, and introduced himself as a member of thefirm of dobson, son and smith, solicitors, of lincoln's inn fields.
"fifteen years ago," he went on, "colonel grant was a subaltern, ajunior officer, in the guards, stationed in london.
a slight accidentone day outside a railway station led him to make the acquaintance of ayoung lady.
she was hurrying to catch a train, when she was knocked downby a frightened horse, and might have been injured seriously were it notfor lieutenant grant's prompt assistance.
he escorted her to herlodgings, and discovered that she was what is known in london as a dailygoverness--in other words, a poor, well-educated woman striving to earna respectable living.
the horse had trampled on her foot, and sherequired proper attention and rest; a brief interview with her landladyenabled mr. grant to make the requisite arrangements, unknown to theyoung lady herself.
he called a week later and found that she was quiterecovered.
she was a very beautiful girl, of a lively disposition, onlytwenty years of age, and working hard in her spare time to perfectherself as a musician.
she had no idea of the social rank of her newfriend, or perhaps matters might have turned out differently.
as it was,they met frequently, became engaged, and were married.
i have here acopy of the marriage certificate."
he selected a long, narrow strip of blue paper from the documents he hadplaced before him on the kitchen table.
he opened it and offered it tobolland, as though he wished the farmer to examine it.
john did notmove.
he was still looking intently at colonel grant.
martha, all a-flutter, with an indefinite anxiety wrinkling the cornersof her eyes, said quickly:"what might t' young leddy's neäm be, sir?"
she was of a gloucestershire family, but her parentswere dead, and she had no near relatives."
martha cried, somewhat tartly:"an' what hez all this te deä wi' us, sir?"
"let be, wife.
bide i' patience.
t' gentleman will tell us, neä doot."
john's voice was hard, almost dissonant.
the solicitor gave him a rapidglance.
that harsh tone boded ill for the smooth accomplishment of hismission.
martha wondered why her husband gazed so fixedly at the otherman who spoke not.
but she toyed nervously with her apron and held herpeace.
mr. dobson resumed:"the young couple could not start housekeeping openly.
lieutenant grantdepended solely on the allowance made to him by his father, whose ideasof family pride were so extreme that such a marriage must unquestionablyhave led to a rupture.
moreover, a campaign in northern india was thenthreatening.
it broke out exactly a year and two months after themarriage.
mr. grant's regiment was ordered to the front, and when hesailed from southampton he left his young wife and an infant, a boy,four months old, installed in a comfortable flat in clarges street,piccadilly.
it is important that the exact position of family affairs atthis moment should be realized.
general grant, father of the youngofficer, had suffered from an apopletic stroke soon after his son'smarriage, and to acquaint him with it now meant risking his life.
younggrant's action was known to and approved by several trustworthy friends.
he and his wife were very happy, and mrs. grant was correspondinglydepressed when the exigencies of the national service took her husbandaway from her.
the parting between the young couple was a bitter trial,rendered all the more heartrending by reason of the concealment they hadpracticed.
however, as matters had been allowed to drift thus far, noone will pretend that there was any special need to worry general grantat the moment of his son's departure for a campaign.
lieutenant granthoped to return with a step in rank.
then, whatever the consequences,there must be a full explanation.
he had not a great deal of money, butsufficient for his wife's needs.
he left her two hundred pounds in notesand gold, and his bankers were empowered to pay her fifty poundsmonthly.
his own allowance from general grant was seventy-five pounds amonth, and it was with great difficulty that he maintained his positionin such an expensive regiment as the guards.
the campaign eased thepressure, or he could not have kept it up for long."
"are all these details quite necessary, dobson?"
said the colonel, forthe steady glare of the farmer, the growing pallor of poor martha,around whose heart an icy hand was taking sure grip, were exceedinglyirksome.
"they are if i am to do you justice," replied the lawyer.
"never mind me.
tell them of margaret--and the boy."
"i will pass over the verification of my statement," went on mr. dobson,bending over the folded papers.
"seven months passed.
mrs. grantexpected soon to be delivered of another child.
she heard regularly fromher husband.
his regiment was in the khyber pass, when one evening shewas robbed of her small store of jewelry and a considerable sum of moneyby a trusted servant.
the theft was reported in the papers, and generalgrant read of his son's wife being a resident in clarges street.
he wentto the flat next day, saw the poor girl, behaved in a way that can onlybe ascribed to the folly of an old man broken by disease, and cut offsupplies at once.
within a week mrs. grant found herself in poverty, andher husband at least a month's post distant.
she did not lose her wits.
she sold her furniture and raised money enough to support herself andher baby boy for some time.
of course, she was very much distressed, asgeneral grant wrote to her, called her an adventuress, and stated thathe had disinherited his son on her account.
this was only partly true.
he tore up one will, but made no other, and forgot that there was asecond copy in possession of my firm.
mrs. grant then did a foolishthing.
she concealed her troubles from her husband's friends, who wouldhave helped her.
she took cheap lodgings in another part of london, andchanged her name.
this seems to be accounted for by the fact thatgeneral grant, in his insane suspicions, set private detectives to watchher.
moreover, the bankers wrote her a curt letter which added to hermiseries.
she rented rooms in st. martin's court, ludgate hill, and gaveher name as mrs.
martha sprang at the solicitor with an eerie screech:"hev ye coom to steal oor bairn, the bonny lad we've reared i' infancyan' childhood?
leave this house!
john--husband--will ye let 'em drive memad?"
john took her in his arms.
"martha," he said, with a break in his voice that shook his hearers andstilled his wife's cries; "dinnat mak' oor burthen harder te bear.
aman's heart deviseth his way, but the lord directeth his steps!"
servants, men and women, came running at their mistress's scream ofterror.
they stood, abashed, in the kitchen passage.
none paid heed tothem.
colonel grant rose and approached the trembling woman cowering at herhusband's side.
her old eyes were streaming now; she gazed at him withthe pitiful anguish of a stricken animal.
he took her wrinkled hand andbent low before her.
"madam," he said, "god forbid that my son should lose his mother asecond time!"
he could say no other word.
even in her agony, martha felt hot tearsfalling on her bare arm, and they were not her own.
"eh, but it's a sad errand ye're on," she sobbed.
cried john huskily, "if thou faint in the day of adversitythy strength is small.
colonel grant is a true man.
it's in his feäce.
he weän't rive martin frae yer arms, an' no man can tak' him frae yerheart."
colonel grant drew himself up.
he caught bolland's shoulder.
"bear with me," he said.
"i have suffered much.
i lost my wife and twochildren, one unborn.
they were torn from me as though by a destroyingtempest.
one is given back, after thirteen long years of mourning.
canyou not spare me a place in his affections?"
"ay, ay," growled john.
"we're nobbut owd folk at t' best, an' t' ladwas leavin' oor roof for school in a little while.
we can sattle thingslike sensible people, if on'y martha here will gie ower greetin'.
ittroubles me sair to hear her lamentin'.
we've had no sike deed i'thirty-fower years o' married life."
the man was covering his own distress by solicitude in his wife'sbehalf.
she knew it.
she wiped her eyes defiantly with her apron andmade pretense to smile, though she had received a shock she wouldremember to her dying day.
some outlet was necessary for her surchargedfeelings.
she whisked around on the crowd of amazed domestics,dairymaids and farmhands, pressing on each other's heels in the passage.
"what are ye gapin' at?"
she cried shrilly.
"is there nowt te deä?
iftea's overed, git on wi' yer work, an' be sharp aboot it, or i'll sideye quick!"
the stampede that followed relieved the situation.
the servants fadedaway under her fiery glance.
colonel grant smiled.
"i am glad to see," he said, "that you maintain discipline in yourregiment."
"they're all ears an' neä brains," she said.
"my, but i'm that upset ihardly ken what i'm sayin'.
mebbe ye'll finish yer tale, sir.
i'mgrieved i med sike a dash at ye, but i couldn't bide----""there, there," said john, with his gruff soothing, "sit ye doon an'listen quietly.
i guessed their business t' first minnit i set eyes ont' colonel.
why, martha, look at him.
he hez martin's eyes and martin'smouth.
noo, ye'd hev dark-brown hair, i reckon, when ye were a lad,sir?"
for answer, colonel grant stooped to the lawyer's papers and took fromthem a framed miniature.
"that is my portrait at the age of twelve," he said, placing it beforethem.
"eh, but that caps owt!"
"it's martin hissel!
oh, myhoney, how little did i think what was coomin' when i set yer shirt an'collar ready, an' med ye tidy te gan te tea wi' t' fine folk at t'vicarage.
an' noo ye're a better bred 'un than ony of 'em.
the lord loveye!
here ye are, smilin' at me.
they may mak' ye a colonel or a gin'ral,for owt i care: ye'll nivver forgit yer poor old muther, will ye, mybairn!"
she kissed the miniature as if it were martin's own presentment.
the menleft her to sob again in silence.
soon she calmed herself sufficientlyto ask:"but why i' t' wulld did that poor lass throw herself an' her little 'uninte t' street?"
mr. dobson took up his story once more:"she explained her action in a pathetic letter to her husband.
she wasill, lonely, and poverty-stricken.
she brooded for days on generalgrant's cruel words and still more cruel letter.
they led her to believethat she was the unwitting cause of her husband's ruin.
she resolved tofree him absolutely and at the same time preserve his name fromnotoriety.
therefore she wrote him a full account of her change of name,and told him that her children would die with her."
"that was a mad thing te deä."
the doctor who knew her best told her husband six months laterthat mrs. grant was, in his opinion, suffering from an unrecognizedattack of puerperal fever.
it was latent in her system, and developedwith the trouble so suddenly brought upon her."
"yon was a wicked owd man----""the general was called to account by a higher power.
mrs. grant wrotehim also a statement of her intentions.
next morning he read of herdeath, and a second attack of apoplexy proved fatal.
her letter did notreach her husband until after a battle in which he was wounded.
hecabled to us, and we made every inquiry, but it was remarkable howchance baffled our efforts.
in the first instance, the policeman whomyou encountered in ludgate hill and who knew you had adopted the child,had left the force and emigrated, owing to some unfortunate loveaffair.
in the second, several newspapers reported the child as dead,though the records of the inquest soon corrected that error.
thirdly,someone named bolland died in the hotel where you stayed and was buriedat highgate----""my brother," put in john.
"yes; we know now.
but conceive the barrier thus placed in our path whenthe dates of the two events were compared long afterwards."
the farmer looked puzzled.
the solicitor went on:"of course, you wonder why there should have been any delay, but thecoroner's notes were lost in a fire.
nevertheless, we advertised indozens of newspapers."
"we hardly ever see a paper, sir," said martha.
"yet, the wonder is that some of your friends did not see it and tellyou.
finally, a sharp-witted clerk of ours solved the highgate cemeterymystery, and the advertisements were repeated.
colonel grant was back inindia by that time trying hard to leave his bones there, by allaccounts, and perhaps we did not spend as much money on this secondquest as if he were at home to authorize the expenditure."
"when was that, sir--t' second lot o' advertisements, i mean?"
"quite a year after mrs. grant's death."
bolland stroked his chin thoughtfully.
"i remember," he said, "a man at malton fair sayin' summat aboot aninquiry for me.
but yan o' t' hands rode twenty miles across counthry tetell me that martin had gotten t' measles, an' i kem yam that neet."
"naturally, i can give you every proof of my statements," said mr.dobson.
"they are all here----""mebbe ye'll know this writin'," interrupted martha, laying down theminiature for the first time.
she unlocked a drawer, took out a smalltin box, and from its depths produced, among other articles, a crumblingsheet of note paper.
on it was written:     "my name is not martineau.
i have killed myself and my boy.
if he     dies with his unhappy mother he will never know the miseries of     this life."
it was unsigned, undated, a hurried scrawl in faded ink.
"margaret's handwriting," said colonel grant, looking at the patheticmessage with sorrow-laden eyes.
"it was found on t' poor leddy's dressin'-table, fastened wi' a hatpin.
an' these are t' clothes martin wore when he fell into john's arms.
nay,sir," she added, as colonel grant began examining the little frock, "shetook good care, poor thing, that neäbody should find oot wheä she was.
ivvery mark hez bin picked off."
"martin is his feyther's son, or i ken nowt aboot stock," cried johnbolland, making a fine effort to dispel the depression which againpossessed the little gathering at sight of these mournful mementoes ofthe dead past.
"coom, gentlemen, sit ye doon an' hev some tea.
ye'll notbe for takkin' martin away by t' next train.
martha, what's t' matterwi' ye?
i've nivver known folk be so lang i' t' hoose afore an' not beasked if they had a mooth."
"ye're on t' wrang gait this time, john," she retorted.
"i axed 'emafore ye kem in.
by this time, sure-ly, ye'll be wantin' soom ham an'eggs?"
she added to the visitors.
i believe i could eat some," laughed the colonel.
martha smiled once more.
she liked martin's father.
each moment thefirst favorable impression was deepening.
she was on the point ofbustling away to the back kitchen, when they all heard the patter offeet, in desperate haste, approaching the front door.
elsie herbertdashed in.
she was hatless.
her long brown hair was floating inconfusion over her shoulders and down her back.
she was crying in greatgulps and gasping for breath.
bolland!--what shall i say?
martin is hurt.
he fell off the swing.
angèle did it!
i'll kill her!
i'll tear her face with my hands!
oh, come, someone, and help father.
heis trying to bring back martin's senses.
what shall i do?--it was all onmy account.
and she sank fainting to the floor.
but martin was not dead, nor even seriously injured.
at first, theaffair looked so ugly--its main features were so incomprehensible--thatmr. herbert was startled into somewhat panic-stricken action.
here wasmartin lying unconscious on the ground, with elsie kneeling by his side,passionately beseeching him in one breath to speak to her, and in thenext accusing angèle saumarez of murder.
the vicar was not blameworthy, in that he failed to grasp either thenature of the accusation or its seeming unreasonableness.
the single rope of the gymnastic swing erected in the garden for elsie'sbenefit had been cut deliberately with a sharp knife a few inches abovethe small bar on which the user's weight was supported by both hands.
ofthe cutting there could be no manner of doubt.
the jagged edges of thefew strands left by a devilish ingenuity--so that the swing must need bein violent motion before the rope snapped--were clearly visible at thepoint of severance.
but who had done this thing, and with what deadlyobject in view?
and why did elsie pitch on angèle saumarez so readily,glaring at her with such eyes of vengeance that the vicar wasconstrained to order, with the utmost sternness of which he wascapable, that the torrent of words should cease.
indeed, he dispatchedher to acquaint the bollands with tidings of the disaster as a haphazardpretext to get her out of the way.
apart from sensing the accident'sinexplicable motive, its history was simple enough.
before tea was served, martin and elsie were using the swingalternately, vying with each other in the effort to touch with theirtoes the leaves of a tree nearly twenty feet distant from the verticalline of the rope.
angèle, of course, took no part in this contest; shecontented herself with a sarcastic incredulity when elsie vowed that shehad accomplished the feat twice already.
martin, stronger, but less skilled in the trick of the swing than thegirl, strove hard to excel her.
yet he, too, fell short by a few inchestime after time.
at last, elsie vowed that when she was rested after teashe would prove her words, and threw a pebble at the branch which sheclaimed to have reached a week ago.
neither mrs. saumarez nor the vicar attached any weight to the somewhatemphatic argument between the two girls.
it was a splendid contestbetween martin and elsie.
it interested the elders for conflictingreasons.
to see the graceful girl propelling herself through the air in a curveof nearly forty feet at each pendulum stroke of the swing was a pleasingsight to her father, but it caused mrs. saumarez to regret again thather daughter had not been taught to think more of athletic exercises andless of dress.
while the young people were following their seniors to the drawing-room,angèle said to elsie:"i think i could do that myself with a little practice."
"you are not tall enough," was the uncompromising answer, for elsie'stemper was ruffled by the simpering unbelief with which the othertreated her assurances.
"not so tall, no; but i can bend back like this, and you cannot."
without a second's hesitation angèle twisted her head and shouldersaround until her chin was in a line with her heels.
then she droppedlightly so that her hands rested on the grass of the lawn, straighteningherself with equal ease.
the contortion was performed so quickly thatneither mr. herbert nor mrs. saumarez was aware of it.
it was a displaynot suited to the conditions of ordinary costume, and it necessarilyexhibited portions of the attire not usually in evidence.
martin had eyes only for the girl's acrobatic agility, but elsieblushed.
"i don't like that," she said.
"i can stand on my head and walk on my hands," cried angèle instantly.
"martin, some day i'll show you."
conscious though she was that these things were said to annoy her, elsieremembered that angèle was a guest.
"how did you learn?"
"were you taught in school?"
i have never been to school.
education is the curse ofchildren's lives.
i never leave mamma.
one day in nice i saw a circusgirl doing tricks of that sort.
i practiced in my bedroom."
"does your mother wish that?"
"she doesn't know."
"i wonder you haven't broken your neck," said the practical martin, whofelt his bones creaking at the mere notion of such twisting.
"it is quite easy, when you are slim and elegant."
her vanity amused the boy.
"you speak as though elsie were as stiff as a board," he said.
"if youhad watched her carefully, angèle, you would have seen that she is quiteas supple as you, only in a different way.
and she is strong, too.
idare say she could swing with one hand and carry you in the other, ifshe had a mind to try."
this ready advocacy of a new-found divinity angered angèle beyondmeasure.
possibly she meant no greater harm than the disconcerting of arival; but she slipped out of the room when mr. herbert sent elsie tothe library to bring a portfolio of old prints which he wished to showmrs. saumarez.
although it was never definitely proved against angèle,someone tampered with the rope before a move was made to the gardenafter tea.
the cause, the effect, were equally clear; the human agentremained unknown.
"now, i'll prove my words," cried elsie, darting across the lawn infront of the others.
"here, it's my turn," shouted the boy gleefully.
"i'll race you."
i want you!"
shrieked angèle, running after him.
he paid no heed to her cries.
outstripping both girls in the race, hesprang at the swing, and was carried almost to the debated limit of thetree by the impetus of the rush.
when he felt himself stopping he threwup his feet in a wild effort to touch the leaves so tantalizingly outof reach, and in that instant the rope broke.
he turned completely over and fell with a heavy thud on the back of hisbent head.
the screaming of the girls brought the vicar from his printsin great alarm, and his agitation increased when he discovered that theboy could neither move nor speak.
elsie was halfway to the white house before martin regained his breath.
once vitality returned, however, he was quickly on his feet again.
he asked, craning his head awkwardly.
"i thoughtsomeone fired a gun!"
"you frightened us nearly out of our wits," cried the vicar.
"and i wasstupid enough to send elsie flying to your people.
goodness knows whatshe will have said to them!"
promptly the boy shook himself and tried to break into a run.
"i must--follow her," he gasped.
but not yet was the masterful spiritable to control relaxed muscles; he collapsed again.
mrs. saumarez cried aloud in a new fear, but the vicar, accustomed tothe minor accidents of the cricket field and gymnasium, was cooler now.
"he's all right--only needs a drink of water and a few minutes' rest,"he explained.
he bade one of the maids go as quickly as possible to the bollands' farmand say that the mischief to martin was a mere nothing, and then busiedhimself in more scientific fashion with restoring his patient'sanimation.
unfastening the boy's collar and the neckband of his shirt, mr. herbertsatisfied himself that the clavicle was uninjured.
there was a slightabrasion of the scalp, which was sore to the touch.
in a minute, orless, martin was again protesting that there was little the matter withhim.
he would not be satisfied until the vicar allowed him to start oncemore for the village, though at a more sedate pace.
then mrs. saumarez, in a voice of deep distress, asked mr. herbert ifthe rope had really been cut.
"yes," he said.
"you can see yourself that there is no doubt about it."
"but your daughter charged angèle with this--this crime.
my child deniesit.
she has no knife or implement of any sort in her pocket.
i assureyou i have satisfied myself on that point."
"the affair is a mystery, mrs. saumarez.
it must be cleared up.
thankgod, martin escaped!
he might be lying here dead at this moment."
"are you sure it was not an accident?"
"what am i to say?
here is a stout hempen cord with nearly all itsstrands severed as if with a razor, and the other torn asunder.
and,from what i can gather, it was elsie, and not martin, for whose benefitthis diabolical outrage was planned."
the vicar spoke warmly, but the significance of the incident was dawningslowly on his perplexed mind.
providence alone had ordained that neitherthe boy nor the girl had been gravely, perhaps fatally, injured.
mrs. saumarez was haggard.
she seemed to have aged in those few minutes.
the girl, who was sobbing, came to her.
"can it be possible," said the distracted mother, "that you interferedwith the swing?
why did you leave the drawing-room during tea?"
"i only went to stroke a cat, mamma.
indeed, i never touched the swing.
why should i?
and i could not cut it with my fingers."
"on second thoughts," said the vicar coldly, "i think that the mattermay be allowed to rest where it is.
of course, one of my servants may bethe culprit, or a mischievous village youth who had been watching thechildren at play.
but the two girls do not seem to get on well together,mrs. saumarez.
i fear they are endowed with widely differenttemperaments."
the hint could not be ignored.
the lady smiled bitterly.
"it is well that i should have decided already to leave elmsdale," shesaid.
"it is a charming place, but my visit has not been altogetherfortunate."
mr. herbert remembered the curious phrase in after years.
he understoodit then.
at the moment he was candidly relieved when mrs. saumarez andangèle took their departure.
he jammed on a hat and hastened to thewhite house to learn what sort of sensation elsie had created.
a week later he made a discovery.
he had a curious hobby--he was his ownbootmaker, and elsie's, having taught himself to be a craftsman in anart which might well claim higher rank than it holds.
when next herummaged among his implements for a shoemaker's knife it was missing.
itwas found in the garden next spring, jammed to the top of the hilt intothe soft mold beneath a rhododendron.
the tools were kept on a bench inthe conservatory; so angèle might have accomplished her impish desire ina few seconds.
on reaching the white house he was mildly surprised at finding martinpropped against the knee of a tall, soldierly stranger, who wasconsoling the boy with a reminiscence of a far worse toss at polo, bywhich a hard _sola topi_ was flattened on the iron surface of an indian_maidan_.
elsie, white, but much interested, was sipping a glass ofmilk.
"eh, vicar," cried mrs. bolland, in whose face mr. herbert saw signs ofrecent excitement, "your lass gev us a rare start.
she landed here likea mad thing, screamed oot that martin was dead, an' dropped te t' flurehalf dead herself."
"the fault was mine, mrs. bolland.
there was an accident.
at first ithought martin was badly hurt.
i am, indeed, very sorry if elsie alarmedyou."
his words were meant to reassure the others, but his eyes were fixed onthe girl's pallid face.
john bolland laughed in his dry way.
"nay, passon, dinnat fret aboot elsie.
she's none t' warse for a suddenstop.
she was ower-excited.
where's yon lass o' mrs.
"gone home with her mother.
i hear they are leaving elmsdale."
"a good riddance!"
said john heartily.
he turned to martin.
"ye'll bewinded again, i reckon?"
"well, i left my ash stick i' t' low yard.
mebbe you an' t' young leddywill fetch it.
there's noa need te hurry."
this was an oblique instruction to the boy to make himself scarce forhalf an hour.
with elsie as a companion he needed no urging.
they setoff, happy as grigs.
"noo, afore ye start te fill t' vicar wi' wunnerment," cried martha, "iwant te ax t' colonel a question."
"what is it, mrs.
colonel grant was smiling at the vicar's puzzled air.
these good peopleknew naught of formal introductions.
"how old is t' lad?"
"he was fourteen years old on the sixth of last june."
"eh, but that's grand."
she clapped her hands delightedly.
"i guessedhim tiv a week or two.
we reckoned his birthday as a twel'month afore wefound him, and that was june the eighteenth.
and what's his right neäm?"
"he was christened after me and after his mother's family.
his name isreginald ingram grant."
"may i ask who in the world you are talking about?"
interposed theperplexed vicar.
why, oor martin!"
"he's a gentleman born, god blesshim!"
"and, what is much more important, mrs. bolland, he is a gentlemanbred," said the colonel.
*       *       *       *       *the scene in the kitchen of the white house had been too dramatic thatsome hint of it should not reach the village that night.
soon allelmsdale knew that the mystery of martin's parentage had been solved,and great was the awe of the boy's playmates when they heard that hisfather was a "real live colonel i' t' army."
a garbled version of thestory came to mr. beckett-smythe's ears, and he called on colonel grantat the "black lion" next day.
he arrived in state, in a new mercedes car, handled by a chauffeurreplica of fritz bauer.
beckett-smythe had hardly mastered his surpriseat the colonel's confirmation of that which he had regarded as "anincredible yarn" when mrs. saumarez drove up.
she, too, recalling themessage brought by martin from her husband's comrade-in-arms, came toverify the strange tale told by the misses walker.
angèle accompaniedher, and the girl's eyes shot lightning at martin, who was on the pointof guiding his father to the moor when mr. beckett-smythe put in anappearance.
the lawyer had departed for london by the morning train; the three olderpeople and the two youngsters gathered in the room thus set at liberty,mrs. atkinson having remodeled it into a sitting-room for the colonel'suse.
mrs. saumarez hailed the stranger effusively.
"it is delightful to run across anyone who knew my husband," she said.
"in this remote part of yorkshire none seems to have ever heard of him.
believe me, colonel grant, it is positively a relief to meet a man whorecognizes my name."
she may have intended this for an oblique thrust at beckett-smythe,relations between the hall and the elms having been somewhat strainedsince the inquest.
the squire, a good fellow, who had no inkling ofangèle's latest escapade, hastened to make amends.
"you two must want to chat over old times," he said breezily.
"why notcome and dine with me to-night?
i have only one other guest--anadmiralty man.
he's prowling about the coast trying to select asuitable site for a wireless station."
now, mrs. saumarez would have declined the invitation had beckett-smythestopped short at the first sentence.
as it was, she accepted instantly.
"do come, colonel grant," she urged.
"what between the navy and theintelligence department it should be an interesting evening.... oh,don't look so surprised," she went on, with an engaging smile.
"i stillread the _gazette_, you know."
"and what of the kiddies?"
"they know my boys.
yourchauffeur can bring them home at nine.
by the way, the meal will bequite informal--come as you are."
"what do you say, martin?"
said the colonel.
"i shall be very pleased, sir; but may i--ask--my mother first?"
the boy reddened.
his new place in the world was only twenty-four hoursold, and his ideas were not yet adjusted to an order of things soastounding that he thought every minute he would wake up and find he hadbeen dreaming.
"oh, certainly," and a kindly hand fell on his shoulder.
"i am glad youspoke of it.
mrs. bolland is worthy of all the respect due to the bestof mothers."
"i'll go with you, martin," announced angèle suddenly.
he was doubtful of the reception mrs. bolland mightgive the minx who had nearly caused him to break his neck, and, for hisown part, he wanted to avoid angèle altogether.
she was a disturbinginfluence.
he feared her not at all as a spitfire.
it was when shedisplayed her most engaging qualities that she was really dangerous, andhe knew from experience that her mood had changed within the past fiveminutes.
on alighting from the car she would like to have scratched hisface.
now he would not be surprised if she elected to walk with him handin hand through the village street.
his father came to the rescue.
"let us all go and see mrs. bolland," he said.
"it is only a few yards."
they went out into the roadway.
then beckett-smythe was struck by anafterthought.
"if you'll excuse me, i'll run along to the vicarage and ask herbert andhis daughter to join us," he said.
mrs. saumarez bit her lip.
"i think i'll leave angèle at home," she said in a low tone.
"the childis delicate.
during the past week i have insisted that she goes to bedat eight every evening."
colonel grant understood why the lady did not want the two girls tomeet, but it was borne in on him that she herself was determined not tomiss that impromptu dinner party.
in a vague way he wondered what hermotive could be.
"ah, that's a pity," he heard beckett-smythe say.
"she can be wellwrapped up, and the weather is mild."
he moved a little ahead of the two.
martin, determined not to be leftalone with angèle, hastened to greet his friend, fritz.
the twochauffeurs were conversing in german.
apparently, they were examiningthe engine of the new car.
"martin," murmured angèle, "don't bother about fritz.
he'll snap yourhead off.
he's furious because he lost a map the other day."
but martin pressed on.
no longer could angèle deceive him--"twiddle himaround her little finger," as she would put it.
"what map did you lose?
not the one i markedfor you?"
the new chauffeur closed the bonnet of the engine.
"no," he said, speaking slowly, and looking at angèle.
"it was a smallroad map.
you haf not seen it, i dink."
"was it made of linen, with a red cover?"
"yez," and the man's face became curiously stern.
"oh, i saw you studying it one day at the elms, but you didn't have iton the moor."
fritz's scowl changed to an expression of disappointment.
"i haf mislaid it," he grunted, and again his glance dwelt on angèle,who met his gaze with a bland indifference that seemed to gall him.
colonel grant drew near.
he had been eyeing the two spick-and-spanchauffeurs.
"who is your friend, martin?"
he was interested in everythingthe boy did and in everyone whom he knew.
"oh, this is fritz bauer, mrs. saumarez's chauffeur.... fritz, this iscolonel grant, of the indian army."
instantly the two young germans straightened as though some mechanismhad stiffened their spines and thrown back their heads.
the newcomer'sheels clicked and his right hand was raised in a salute.
fritz, betterschooled than his comrade by longer residence in england, barelyprevented his heels from clicking, and managed to convert the saluteinto a raising of his cap.
there could be no doubt that he wasflustered, because he said not a word, and the open-air tan of hischeeks assumed a deeper tint.
apparently, colonel grant saw nothing of this, or, if he noticed theman's confusion, attributed it to nervousness.
"two mercedes cars in one small village!"
he exclaimed laughingly.
"yougermans are certainly conquering england by peaceful penetration."
mrs. saumarez elected, after all, not to visit the white house thatafternoon, so angèle, having said good-by to the colonel and martin inher prettiest manner, was whisked off in the car.
"by the way, martin," said his father as the two walked to the farm.
"mrs. saumarez is german by birth.
have you ever heard anything abouther family?"
martin had a good memory.
"yes, sir," he said.
"she is a baroness--the baroness irma vonedelstein."
the colonel was surprised at this glib answer.
"who told you?"
but mrs. saumarez did not wish people to use her title.
she was vexed with angèle for even mentioning it."
mrs. saumarez sent her car to bring colonel grant and his son to thehall.
she was slightly ruffled when fritz told her that they had gonealready, mr. beckett-smythe having collected his guests from both theinn and the vicarage.
she might have been positively indignant if she had overheard grant'scomments to the admiralty official while the two strolled on the lawnbefore dinner.
"a couple of prussian officers, if ever i saw the genuine article," saidthe colonel.
"real junkers--smart-looking fellows, too.
mrs. saumarez isthe widow of a british officer--a fine chap, but poor as a churchmouse--and she belongs to a wealthy german family.
_verbum sap._""nuff said," grinned the sailor.
"but what is one to do?
no sooner isthis outfit erected but it'll be added to the display of local picturepostcards, and the next german bigwig who visits this part of thecountry will be invited to amuse himself by ringing up bremen."
at any rate, mrs. saumarez was told that night that the yorkshire coastwas too highly magnetized to suit a wireless station.
the sailor thoughtan inland town like york would provide an ideal site.
"you see," he explained politely, "when the german high seas fleetdefeats the british navy it can shell our coast towns all tosmithereens."
"you fighting men invariably talk of war with germany as an assuredthing," she said.
"yet i, who know germany, and have relatives there, amconvinced that the notion is absurd."
"the emperor has been twenty years on the throne and has never drawnsword except on parade," put in the vicar.
"there may have been dangeronce or twice in his hot youth, but he has grown to like england, and icannot conceive him plunging a great and thriving country into themorass of a doubtful campaign."
"ninety-nine per cent of englishmen like to think that way," said theadmiralty man.
"in a multitude of counselors there is wisdom, so let'shope they're right."
when the young folk got together on the terrace, frank beckett-smytheasked martin why his neck was stiff.
"i took a toss off elsie's swing yesterday," was the airy answer.
not aword did he or elsie say as to angèle, and the beckett-smythes knewbetter than to introduce her name.
*       *       *       *       *mrs. saumarez left for the south rather hurriedly.
she paid no farewellvisits.
she and angèle traveled in the car; françoise followed with thebaggage.
the misses walker were consoled for the loss of a valued lodgerby receiving a less exacting one in the person of martin's father.
the boy himself, when his mental poise was adjusted to the phenomenalchange in his life, soon grew accustomed to a new environment.
mr.herbert undertook to direct his studies in preparation for a publicschool, and martha bolland became reconciled gradually to seeing himonce or twice daily, instead of all day, for he, too, lived at the elms.
officially, as it were, he adopted his new name, but to the small worldof elmsdale he would ever be "martin."
even his father fell into thehabit.
the colonel drove him to the adjourned petty sessions at nottonby whenbetsy's case came on for hearing.
mr. stockwell abandoned his criticalattitude and concurred with the police that there was no need to bringangèle saumarez from london to attend the trial.
mrs. saumarez gave nothought to the fact that the girl might be needed to give evidence, butthe authorities decided that there were witnesses in plenty as to theoutcry raised in the garden after pickering was wounded.
it was november before betsy appeared at the county assizes.
when sheentered the dock, those who knew her were astonished by the improvementin her appearance.
it was probable that the enforced rest, the regularexercise, the judicious diet of the prison had exercised a beneficialeffect on her health.
her demeanor was calm as ever, and the able barrister who defended herdid not scruple to suggest that it would create a better effect with thejury if she adopted a less unemotional attitude.
her reply silenced him.
"do you think," she said, "that i will be permitted to atone for mywrongdoing by punishment?
i live because my husband wished me tolive.
i will be called to account, but not by an earthly judge or jury."
she was right.
the assize judge held the scales of justice impartiallybetween the sworn testimony of george pickering and betsy's witnesses,on the one hand, and the evidence of martin and the groom, backed by thescientists, on the other.
the jury gave her the benefit of the doubt and acquitted her, but it wasnoticed by many that his lordship contented himself with ordering herdischarge from custody.
he passed no opinion on the verdict.
so betsy was installed as mistress of wetherby lodge, the trusteeshaving decided that she was well fitted to manage the estate.
tongues wagged in elmsdale when mr. stockwell drove thither one day andsolemnly handed over to martin the sword and the double-barreled gun,and to john bolland the pedigree cow bequeathed by george pickering.
the farmer eyed the animal grimly.
"'tis an unfortunate beast," he said.
"mebbe if i hadn't sold her tepoor george he might nivver hae coom te elmsdale just then."
"do not think that," the solicitor assured him.
"pickering would mostcertainly have visited the fair.
i know, as a matter of fact, that hewished to purchase one of your brood mares."
she went te jarmany.
well, if i'm spared, i'll send a good calfto wetherby."
the lawyer and he shook hands on the compact.
yet pickering's oddbequest was destined to work out in a way that would have amazed thedonor, could he but know it.
martin was at winchester--his father's old school--when he received aletter in bolland's laborious handwriting.
it read:     "my dear lad--yours to hand, and this leaves your mother and self     in good health.
we were glad to hear that the box arrived all right     and that your mates think well of yorkshire cakes.
you may learn a     lot of useful things at school, but you will not often meet with a     better cook than your mother.
she is sore upset just now about a     mishap we have had on the farm.
i turned out nearly all my     shorthorns to graze on the low pastures.
the ground was a bit damp,     and a strange cow broke in at night to join them.
i don't rightly     know what to blame, but next day they showed signs of rinderpest.
i     sent for the vet, and they had to be slaughtered--all but one     two-year-old bull, bainesse boy iv., and mr. pickering's cow, which     were not with them in the meadow.
it is a great loss, but i don't     repine, now that you are provided for, and it is not quite like     starting all over again, as i have my land and my cleveland bays,     and i am in no debt.
in such matters i turn to the lord for     consolation.
i have just read this verse to martha: 'i have been     young, and now am old; yet i have not seen the righteous forsaken,     nor his seed begging bread.'
if you are minded to look it up, you     will find it in the thirty-seventh psalm.
"i don't want to pretend that the blow has not been a hard one,     but, god willing, there will be a hamper for you at christmas, if     colonel grant is too busy to bring you north.
your mother joins in     much love.
"your affect.,                              "john bolland."
"p. s.--maybe you will not have forgotten that mrs. saumarez said     the land needed draining.
she was a clever woman in some ways."
the boy's eyes filled with tears.
he understood only too well thefar-reaching misfortune which had befallen the farmer.
the total valueof the herd was £5,000, and he remembered that experts valued the youngsurviving bull at £300 as a yearling.
in all, twenty-three animals hadbeen slaughtered by the law's decree, and the compensation payable tobolland would not cover a twentieth part of the actual loss.
martin not only wrote a letter of warm sympathy to his adopted parentsbut sent bolland's letter to his father, with an added commentary of hisown.
colonel grant obtained short leave and traveled to elmsdale nextday.
it took some trouble to bring john round to his point of view, butthe argument that the farm should be restocked in martin's interestsprevailed, and negotiations were opened with prominent breederselsewhere which resulted in the purchase of a notable bull and eightheifers, for which bolland and the colonel each found half the money.
the farmer would listen to no other arrangement, though he promised thatif he experienced any tightness for money he would not hesitate to applyfor further help.
the need never made itself felt.
the first animal to produce successfulprogeny was george pickering's cow!
no man in the north riding was morepleased than john that day.
throughout the whole of his life the onlyperson who ever brought a charge of unfair dealing against him waspickering.
the memory rankled, and its sting was none the less bitterbecause of a secret dread that he had perhaps been guilty of a piece ofsharp practice.
now his character was cleared.
pattison, his old crony, asked him, by way of a joke, how much "he'dtak' for t' cauf."
john blazed into unexpected anger.
"at what figger de you reckon yer own good neäm, mr.
"i don't knoä as i'd care te sell it at onny price, mr.
"then ye'll think as i do aboot yon cauf.
neyther it nor any other ofits dam's produce will ivver leave my farm if i can help it."
this record of a yorkshire village--a true chronicle of life among thecanny folk who dwell on the "moor edge"--might well be left at the pointit reached when one of its chief characters saw before him the smoothand sunlit road of a notable career.
but history, though romantic, is not writ as romance, and the story ofelmsdale is fact, not fiction.
after eight years of somnolence thevillage awoke again.
it was roused from sleep by the tumult of a worldat war; mayhap the present generation shall pass away before the hamletrelapses into its humdrum ways.
martin was twenty-two when his father and he journeyed north to attendthe annual sale of the elmsdale herd, which was fixed for the twoopening days of july, 1914. each year colonel grant brought his son tothe village for six weeks prior to the twelfth of august; this yearthere was a well-founded rumor in the little community that the colonelmeant to buy the elms.
the announcement of bolland's sale brought foreign agents from abroadand well-known stock-raisers from all parts of the kingdom.
no less thanforty animals entered the auction ring.
one bull, bainesse boy iv.,realized £800.
bainesse boy iv.
held a species of levee in a specialstall.
he had grown into a wonder.
on a table, over which sergeantbenson mounted guard, were displayed five championship cups he hadcarried off, while fifteen cards, arranged in horseshoe pattern on thewall, each bore the magic words, "first prize," awarded at islington,birmingham, the royal, and wherever else in britain shorthorns and theiradmirers most do congregate.
the village hummed with life; around the sale ring gathered a multitudeof men arrayed in melton cloth and leather leggings, whose generalappearance betokened the wisdom of dr. johnson's sarcastic dictum: "whodrives fat oxen should himself be fat."
martha and a cohort of maids boiled hams by the dozen and baked cakes infabulous quantities.
john graced the occasion by donning a new suit andnew boots, in which the crooked giant was singularly ill at ease.
mrs. pickering drove over from nottonby--kitty was married two yearsbefore to a well-to-do farmer at northallerton--and someone rallied heron "bein' ower good-lookin' te remain a widow all her days."
she laughed pleasantly.
"i'm far too busy at wetherby to think of adding a husband to my cares,"she said; but those who knew her best could have told that she hadrefused at least two excellent offers of matrimony and meant to remainmrs. pickering during the rest of her days.
at the close of the second day's sale, when the crowd was thinned by thedeparture of a fleet of cars and a local train at five o'clock, thewhite house was thronged by its habitués, who came to make a meal of the"high tea."
colonel grant and john had just concluded an amicable wrangle whereby itwas decided that they should jointly provide the considerable sum neededto acquire the elms and some adjoining land.
the house and grounds wereto be remodeled and the property would be deeded to martin forthwith.
the young gentleman himself, as tall as his father now, and wearingriding breeches and boots, was standing at the front door, turningimpatient eyes from a smart cob, held by a groom, to the bend in theroad where it curved beyond the "black lion."
a smartly-dressed young lady passed, and although martin lifted his hatwith a ready smile his glance wandered from her along the road again.
evelyn atkinson wondered who it was that thus distracted his attention.
a few yards farther on, elsie herbert, mounted on a steady old hunter,passed at a sharp trot.
evelyn's pretty face frowned slightly.
"if _she_ is home again, of course, he has eyes for nobody else," shesaid to herself.
and, indeed, it was true.
elsie had been to dresden for two years.
shehad returned to elmsdale the previous day, and a scribbled note toldmartin to look for her after tea.
the two set off together through the village, bound for the moor.
many acritical look followed them.
"eh, but they're a bonny pair," cried mrs. summersgill, who becamestouter each year.
"martin allus framed to be a fine man, but i nivverthowt yon gawky lass o' t' vicar's 'ud grow into a beauty."
"this moor air is wonderful.
look at the effect it has on you, mrs.summersgill," said colonel grant with a twinkle in his eye.
"oh, go on wi' ye, colonel, pokin' fun at a poor owd body like me.
but ideän't ho'd wi' skinny 'uns.
martha, what's become o' mrs. saumarez an'that flighty gell o' hers.
what did they call her--angel?
my word!--anice angel--not that she wasn't as thin as a sperrit."
"miss walker told me, last christmas twel'month, they were i' france,"said martha.
ay, maist like; it's a god-forsaken place, i'll be boun'."
"nay," interposed bolland, "that's an unchristian description of onnycounthry, ma'am.
ye'll find t' lord ivverywhere i' t' wide wulld, if yeseek him.
there's bin times when he might easy be i' france, for heseemed, iv his wisdom, to be far away frae elmsdale."
mrs. summersgill snorted contempt for all "furriners," but marthacreated a diversion.
she cried, "yer cup's empty.
i nivver did see sike awoman.
ye talk an' eat nowt."
martin, now in his third year at oxford, was somewhat mystified by thechange brought about in elsie by two years of "languages and music"passed in the most attractive of german cities.
though not flippant, hermanner nonplussed him.
she was distinctly "smart," both in speech andstyle.
she treated a young gentleman who had already taken his degreeand was reading for honors in history with an easy nonchalance that washighly disconcerting.
the last time they parted they had kissed eachother, she with tears, and he with a lump in his throat.
now he daredno more offer a cousinly, or brotherly, or any other sort of salute inwhich kissing was essential, than if she were a royal princess.
"you've altered, old girl," he said by way of a conversational openingwhen their horses were content to walk, after a sharp canter along amoorland track.
"i should hope so, indeed," came the airy retort.
"surely, you didn'texpect to find the elmsdale label on me after two years of _kultur_?"
"whatever the label, the vintage looks good," he said.
"you mean that as a compliment," she laughed.
"and, now that i look atyou carefully, i see signs of improvement.
of course, the oxford swankis an abomination, but you'll lose it in time.
father told me last nightthat you were going in for the law and politics.
is that correct?"
martin, masterful as ever, was not minded to endure such supercilioustreatment at elsie's hands.
he had looked forward to this meeting with alonging that had almost interfered with his work; it was more thanirritating to find his divinity modeling her behavior on the lines ofthe girton "set" at the university.
they had reached a point of the high moor which overlooked thor ghyll.
martin pulled up his cob and dismounted.
"let's give the nags a breather here," he said.
"shall i help you?"
elsie was out of the saddle promptly.
she rode astride.
in awell-fitting habit, with divided skirt and patent-leather boots, shelooked wonderfully alluring, but her air of aloofness was carriedalmost to the verge of indifference.
she showed some surprise when martin took her horse's reins and threwthem over his left arm.
"are you going to lecture me?"
she said, arching her eyebrows.
"it wouldbe just like a fledgling b. a., who is doubtless a member of theofficers' training corps, to tell me that my german riding-master taughtme to sit too stiffly."
"he did," said martin, meeting the sarcastic blue eyes withoutflinching.
"but a few days with the york and ainsty and lord middleton'spack will put that right.
you'll come a purler at your first stone wallif you ride with such long stirrup leathers.
however, i want you to jumpanother variety of obstacle to-day.
you asked me just now, elsie, if iwas going in for the law.
but i'm going in for you first.
you knowi love you, dear.
you know i have been your very humble but loyal knightever since i won your recognition down there in the valley, when i wasonly a farmer's son and you were a girl of a higher social order.
i havenever forgotten that you didn't seem to heed class distinctions then,elsie, and it hurts now to have you treat me with coldness."
elsie, trying valiantly to appear partly indignant and even more amusedat this direct attack, failed most lamentably.
first she flushed; thenshe paled.
she faced martin's gaze confidently enough at the outset, but her eyesdropped and her lips quivered when she heard the words which no womancan hear without a thrill.
still, she made a brave attempt to rally herforces.
"i didn't--quite mean--what you say," she faltered, which was aschoolgirl form of protest for one who had achieved distinction in acourse of english literature.
martin took her by the shoulders.
the two horses nosed each other.
they,perforce, were dumb, but their wise eye's seemed to exchange the causticcomment: "what fools these mortals be!
why don't they hug, and settlethe business?"
"i must know what you do mean," said martin, almost fiercely.
"i loveyou, elsie.
will you marry me?"
she lifted her face.
the blue eyes were dim with tears, but the adorablemouth trembled in a smile.
"yes, dear," she murmured.
"but what did you expect?
did you--think iwould--throw my arms around you--in the village street?"
after that martin had no reason to accuse elsie of being either stiff orcold.
when the vicar heard the news that night--for martin and thecolonel dined at the vicarage--he stormed into mock dissent.
"god bless my soul," he cried, "my little girl has been away two wholeyears, and you come and steal her away from me before she has been hometwenty-four hours!"
then he produced a handkerchief and yielded, apparently, to a violentattack of hay fever.
yet it was a joyous company which gathered aroundthe dinner table, for elsie herself, casting off the veneer of dresden,drove posthaste to summon the bollands to the feast.
john was specially deputed by colonel grant to make a significantannouncement.
"we're all main pleased you two hev sattled matters so soon," he said,peering alternately at martin's attentive face and elsie's blushing one.
"yer father an' me hev bowt the elms, an' a tidy bit o' land besides, soye'll hev a stake i' t' county if ivver ye're minded te run forparlyment.
the miss walkers (john pronounced the name "wahker") aregoin' te live in a small hoos i' nottonby.
they've gotten a fine lot o'spanish mahogany an' owd oak which they're willin' te sell byvallyation; so the pair of ye can gan there i' t' mornin' an' pick an'choose what ye want."
elsie looked at her father, but neither could utter a word.
marthabolland put an arm around the girl's neck.
"lord luv' ye, honey!"
she said brokenly, "it'll be just like crossin'the road.
may i be spared te see you happy and comfortable in yer newhome, for you'll surely be one of the finest ladies i' yorkshire."
no shadow darkened their joy in that cheerful hour.
even next day, whena grim specter flitted through elmsdale, the ominous vision evoked onlya passing notice.
colonel grant and the vicar, each an expert in oldfurniture, accompanied the young people to the elms and examined itsantique dressers, sideboards, tables, and the rest.
many of the bedroomchests were of solid mahogany.
the misses walker had cleared the drawersof the lumber of years, so that the prospective purchasers could notethe interior finish.
miss emmy, not so tactful as her elder sister, brought in a name whichthe others present wished to forget.
"mrs. saumarez used this room as a dressing-room," she said, "and whileturning out rubbish from a set of drawers i came across this."
she displayed a small red-covered folding road-map, such as cyclists andmotorists use.
martin thought he recognized it.
"i believe that is the very map lost by fritz bauer, mrs. saumarez'schauffeur," he said.
he made a rare row with miss angèle about it.
i was halfafraid he meant to shake her.
no one knew what had become of it, buteither miss angèle or her mother must have hidden it.
why, i can'tguess."
elsie helped to smooth over an awkward incident.
she took the map andbegan to open it.
"it couldn't have been such an important matter," she said.
then sheshook apart the folded sheet, and they all saw that it bore a number ofentries and signs in faded ink, black and red.
the written words were ingerman, and elsie scanned a few lines hurriedly.
she looked puzzled,even a trifle perturbed, but recovered her smiling self-possessioninstantly.
"the poor man, being a foreigner, jotted down some notes for hisguidance," she said.
"may i have it?"
"with pleasure, miss," said the old lady.
it was not until the party had returned to the vicarage that elsieexplained her request.
she spread the map on a table, and her smoothforehead wrinkled in doubt.
"this is serious," she said.
"i have lived in germany long enough tounderstand that one cannot mix with german girls in the intimacy ofschool and at their homes without knowing that an attack on england issimply an obsession of their menfolk, and even of the women.
they regardit as a certainty in the near future, pretending that if they don'tstrike first england will crush them."
"i wish to heaven she would!"
broke in colonel grant emphatically.
"inexisting conditions this country resembles an unarmed policeman waitingfor a burglar to fire at him out of the darkness."
mr. herbert, man of peace that he was, might have voiced a milddisclaimer, had not elsie stayed him.
"listen, father," she said seriously.
"here is proof positive.
thatchauffeur was a military spy.
see what is written across the top of themap: 'gutes wasser; futter in fülle; überfluss von vieh, schafen undpferden.
einzelheiten auf genauen ortlichkeiten angegeben.'
that means'good water; abundance of fodder; plenty of cattle, sheep, and horses.
details given on exact localities.'
and, just look at the details!
coulda child fail to interpret their meaning?"
elsie's simile was not far-fetched, yet gray-headed statesmen, thoughthey may have both known and understood, refused to believe.
that littleroad-map, on a scale of one mile to an inch, contained all theinformation needed by the staff of an invading army.
the moor bore the legend:     "platz für lager, leicht verschanzt; beherrscht hauptstrassen von     whitby und pickering nach york.
rote kreise kennzeichnen     reichlichen wasservorrat für kavallerie und artillerie."
(site for     camp, easily entrenched.
commands main roads from whitby and     pickering to york.
red circles show ample water supply for cavalry     and artillery.)
every road bore its classification for the use of troops, showing thewidth, quality of surface, and gradients.
each bridge was described as"stone" or "iron."
even cross-country trails were indicated whenfordable streams rendered such passage not too difficult.
the little group gazed spellbound at the extraordinarily accuratesynopsis of the facilities offered by the placid country of yorkshirefor the devilish purposes of war.
martin, in particular, devoured theentries relating to the moor.
on metcalf's farm he saw: "six hundredsheep here," and at the broad ings, "four hundred sheep, three horses,four cows."
well he knew who had given the spy those facts.
his glowingeyes wandered to the village.
a long entry distinguished the whitehouse, and though he knew a good deal of german he was beaten by theopening technical word.
"what is that, elsie?"
he said, and even his father wondered at the hotanger in his utterance.
the girl read:    "stammbaum vieh hier; drei stiere, achtzehn kühe und färsen, nicht    zum schlachten, sehr wertvoll.
neben bei sechs stuten, besten types    zur zucht."
then she translated:    "pedigree cattle here; three bulls, eighteen cows and heifers, not    to be slaughtered; very valuable.
also six brood mares of best type    for stud."
"the infernal scoundrel!"
blazed out martin.
"so the bolland stock mustbe taken to the fatherland, and not eaten or drafted into service!
andto think that i gave him nearly all that information!"
he pumped me dry.
i even showed him the site of every pond on themoor."
"don't blame the man," put in colonel grant.
"i knew him as a prussianofficer at the first glance.
but he was simply doing his duty.
blame ourcriminal carelessness.
we cannot stop foreigners from prowling about thecountry, but we can and should make it impossible for any enemy toutilize such data as are contained in this map."
"but, consider," put in the perturbed vicar.
"this evil work was doneeight years ago, and what has all the talk of german preparation cometo?
isn't it the bombast of militarism gone mad?"
"it comes to this," said the colonel.
"we are just eight years nearerwar.
i am convinced that the break must occur before 1916--and for tworeasons: germany's financial state is dangerous, and in 1916 russia willhave completed on her western frontier certain strategic lines whichwill expedite mobilization.
germany won't wait till her prospective foesare ready.
france knows it.
that is why she has adopted the three years'service scheme."
"then why won't you let me join the army, dad?"
demanded martin bluntly.
colonel grant spread his hands with the weary gesture of a man who wouldwillingly shirk a vital decision.
"in peace the army is a poor career," he said.
"the law and politicsoffer you a wider field.
but not you only--every young man in thecountry should be trained to arms.
as matters stand, we have neither themen nor the rifles.
our artillery, excellent of its type, is aboutsufficient for an army corps, and we have a fortnight's supply ofammunition.
i am not an alarmist.
we have enough regiments to repel araid, supposing the enemy's transports dodged the fleet; but heaven helpus if we dream of sending an expeditionary force to france or egypt, orany single one of a score of vulnerable points outside the britishisles!"
"beckett-smythe retained one of those german chauffeurs in his servicefor a whole year," said the vicar, on whom a new light had dawned withthe discovery of the telltale map.
"are there many of the brood in the district now?"
inquired the colonel.
"i fancy not."
"there is no need, they have done their work," said elsie.
"last winteri met a young officer in dresden, and he told me he had taken a walkingtour through this part of yorkshire during the summer.
he knew elmsdalequite well.
he remembered the vicarage, the elms, and the white house.
yet he said he was here only a day!"
"fritz bauer's maps are the best of guides," commented colonel grantbitterly.
the vicar was literally awe-stricken.
he stooped over the map.
"is this sort of thing going on all over the country?"
"more or less.
naturally, the east coast has been the chief huntingground, as that must provide the terrain of any attack.
of course, solong as the political sky remains fairly clear, as it is at this moment,there is always a chance that humanity will escape armageddon foranother generation.
the world is growing more rational and its interestsare becoming ever more identical.
even the junkers are feeling thepressure of public opinion, and the great masses of the people demandpeace.
that is why i want martin to learn the power of voice and penrather than of the sword.
i have been a soldier all my life, and i hatewar!"
the man who had so often faced death in his country's cause spoke withreal feeling.
he longed to make war impossible by making victoryimpossible for an aggressor.
he claimed no rights for britain that hewould deny germany or any other country in the comity of nations.
suddenly he took the map off the table and folded it.
"i'll send this curio to whitehall," he said with a smile.
"it will formpart of a queer collection.
now, let's talk of something else....martin, after the valuer has inspected that furniture, you might see toit that the whole lot is stored in the east bedrooms.
the architect willnot disturb that part of the house."
"oh, when can we look at the plans?"
chimed in elsie.
these four people, who in their way fairly represented the fortymillions of great britain, discussed the spy's map in the drawing-roomof elmsdale vicarage on july 6th, 1914. on the sixth of august, exactlyone month later, two german army corps, with full artillery andcommissariat trains, were loaded into transports and brought to themouth of the elbe.
they hoped to avoid the british fleet, and theirobjective was the yorkshire coast between whitby and filey.
once ashore,they meant entrenching a camp on the elmsdale moor.
obviously, they didnot dream of conquering england by one daring foray.
their purpose wasto keep the small army of britain fully occupied until france washumbled to the dust.
they would lose the whole hundred thousand men.
butwhat of that?
german soldiers are regarded as cannon fodder by theirrulers, and the price in human lives would not be too costly if itretained british troops at home.
it was an audacious scheme, and audacity is the first principle ofsuccessful war.
its very spine and marrow was the knowledge of the northand east ridings gained in time of peace by the officers who would leadthe invading host.
that it failed was due to england's sailors, the menwho broke napoleon, and were destined, by god's good grace, to break therobber empire of germany.
elmsdale at war is very like elmsdale in peace.
at least, that wasmartin's first impression when he and general grant motored to thevillage from york on a day in september, 1915. father and son had passedunscathed through the hellfire of loos, general grant in command of abrigade, and martin a captain in a kitchener battalion.
they were inengland on leave now, the middle-aged general for five days, and theyouthful captain for ten, and the purpose of this joint home-coming wasmartin's marriage.
when it became evident that the world struggle would last years ratherthan months, general grant and the vicar put their heads together,metaphorically speaking, since the connecting link was the fieldpost-office, and arranged a war wedding.
why should the young peoplewait?
every consideration pointed the other way.
withmartin wedded to elsie, legal formalities as to bolland's and thegeneral's estate could be completed, and if heaven blessed the unionwith children the continuity of two old families would be assured.
so, to martin's intense surprise, he was called to the telephone onesaturday morning in the trenches and told that he had better hand overhis company to the senior subaltern as speedily as might be, since histen days' leave began on the monday, such being the amiable device bywhich commanding officers permit juniors to reach blighty before anall-too-brief respite from the business of killing germans beginsofficially.
he met his father at boulogne, and there learnt that which he had onlysuspected hitherto: he and elsie were booked for an immediate honeymoonon a scottish moor--at cairn-corrie, to be exact.
by chance the twotravelers ran into frank beckett-smythe, a gunner lieutenant in london,and he undertook to rush north that night to act as "best man."
fatherand son caught a train early on sunday and hired a car at york, elmsdalehaving no railway facilities on the day of rest.
they arrived in time to attend the evening service at the parish church,to which, _mirabile dictu_, john and martha bolland accompanied them.
the war has broken down many barriers, but few things have crumbled toruin more speedily than the walls of prejudice and sectarian futilitieswhich separated the many phases of religious thought in britain.
the church, with its small graveyard, stood in the center of thevillage, and the grants had to wring scores of friendly hands beforethey and the others walked to the vicarage for supper.
martin and elsiecontrived to extricate themselves from the crowd slightly in advance ofthe older people.
they felt absurdly shy.
they were wandering indreamland.
early next morning martin strolled into the village.
he wanted to stirthe sluggish current of enlistment, for england was then making a finaleffort to maintain her army on a voluntary basis.
elmsdale was sounchanged outwardly that he marveled.
he hardly realized that it couldnot well be otherwise.
he had seen so many french hamlets torn by warthat the snug content of this sheltered nook in rural yorkshire wasalmost uncanny by contrast.
the very familiarity of the scene formed itsstrangest element.
its sights, its sounds, its homely voices, were novelto the senses of one whose normal surroundings were the abominations ofwar.
here were trim houses and well-filled stockyards, smiling orchardsand cattle grazing in green pastures.
everywhere was peace.
he was theonly man in uniform, until sergeant benson appeared in the doorway of acottage and saluted.
the village had its own liveries--the corduroys ofthe carpenter, redolent of oil and turpentine, the tied-up trouser legsof the laborer, the blacksmith's leather apron, ragged and burnt, a truevulcan's robe, the shoemaker's, shiny with the stropping of knives andseamed with cobbler's wax.
the panoply of mars looked singularly out ofplace in this sleepy hollow.
but, by degrees, he began to miss things.
there were no young men in thefields.
all the horses had gone, save the yearlings and those too oldfor the hard work of artillery and transport.
he questioned benson andfound that little elmsdale had not escaped the levy laid on the rest ofeurope.
jim bates was in the yorkshire regiment.
tommy beadlam's whitehead was resting forever in a destroyed trench at ypres.
tom chandlerhad fallen at gallipoli.
evelyn atkinson was a nurse, and her twosisters were "in munitions" at leeds.
yes, there were some shirkers, butnot many.
for the most part, they were hidden in the moorland farms.
"t'captain" would remember georgie jackson?
well, he was one of thestand-backs--wouldn't go till he was fetched.
the village girls madehis life a misery, so he "hired" at the broad ings, miles away in thedepths of the moor.
one night about a month ago one of those "d--dzeppelines" dropped a bomb on the heather, which caught fire.
a second,following a murder trail to newcastle, saw the resultant blaze anddropped twelve bombs.
a third, believing that real damage was beingdone, flung out its whole cargo of twenty-nine bombs.
"so, now, sir," grinned benson, "there's a fine lot o' pot-holes i' t'moor.
georgie was badly scairt.
he saw the three zepps, an' t' bombsfell all over t' farm.
next mornin' he f'und three sheep banged te bits.
an' what d'ye think?
he went straight te whitby an' 'listed.
he hez abunch o' singed wool in his pocket, an' sweers he'll mak' some jarmaneat it."
so martin only recruited a wife that day, and evidently secured asensible one, for elsie, taking thought, on hearing certain vividdescriptions of trench life on the sunday evening, vetoed the weddingtrip to scotland, and persuaded her husband to "go the limit" in london,where plenty of society and a round of theaters acted as a wholesometonic after the monotony of high-explosive existence in a dugout.
*       *       *       *       *in february, 1917, martin was "in billets" at armentières.
he had beenpromoted to the staff, and had fairly earned this coveted recognition bya series of daring excursions into "no man's land" every night for aweek, which enabled him to plan an attack on the german lines atchapelle d'armentières.
never thinking of any personal gain, he drew upa memorandum, which he submitted to his colonel.
the latter sent thedocument to divisional headquarters; the scheme was approved.
fritz waspushed forcibly half a mile nearer lille, and "captain reginald ingramgrant" was informed, in the dry language of the _gazette_, that infuture he would wear a red band around his field service cap and littlered tabs on the shoulders of his tunic.
that was a great day for him, but his elation was as nothingcompared with the joy of elmsdale when the _messenger_ reprinted theannouncement.
elsie, of course, imagined that her husband was nowcomparatively safe for the rest of the war, and he has never undeceivedher.
as a matter of fact, his first real "job" was to carry out a freshseries of observations at a point south of armentières along the road toarras.
this might involve another six days of lurking in dugouts at thefront and six nights of crawling through and under german barbed wire.
his companion was a sapper sergeant named mason.
they suspected that thegerman position was heavily mined in anticipation of an attack at thatvery point, and it was part of their business at the outset to ascertainwhether or not this was the case.
the enemy's lines were about one hundred and fifty yards away, and allobservers agree that the chief difficulty experienced in the pitch-blackdarkness of a cloudy, moonless night is to estimate the distancecovered.
crawling over shell-torn ground, slow work at the best, isrendered slower by the frequent waits necessary while rockets flareoverhead and verrey lights describe brilliant parabolas in unexpecteddirections.
martin, up to every trick and dodge of the "listeningpost," surveyed the field of operations through a periscope, and noticedthat one of the ditches which mark boundaries in northern france ranalmost in a straight line from the british trenches to the german, andhad at one time been reinforced by posts and rails.
the fence wasdestroyed, but many of the posts remained, some intact, others merejagged stumps.
he estimated that the nineteenth was not more than acouple of yards from the enemy's wire, and knew of old that it was injust such an irregular hollow he might expect to find a weak place inthe entanglement.
mason agreed with him.
"we can save a lot of time by following that trail, sir," he said.
"there's only one drawback----""that fritz may have hit on the same scheme," laughed martin.
"possible;but we must chance it."
mason and he were old associates.
they had perfected a code of signals,by touch, that enabled them to work in absolute silence.
thus, a slighthold meant "halt"; a slight push, "advance"; a slight pull, "retire."
each carried a trench knife and a revolver, the latter for use as a lastresource only.
they were not going out for fighting but for observation.
if enemy patrols were encountered, they must be avoided.
germans are notphlegmatic, but, on the contrary, highly nervous.
continuous raids bybritish bombing parties had put sentries "on the jump," and the leastnoise which was not explained by a whispered password attracted a heavyspray of machine-gun fire.
especially was this the case during the hourbefore dawn.
by hurrying out immediately after darkness set in, the twocounted on nearing the german front-line trench at a time when reliefswere being posted and fatigue parties were plodding to the "dump" forthe next day's rations.
"what time will you be back?"
inquired the subaltern in charge of theplatoon holding that part of the british trench.
it was his duty to warnsentries to be on the lookout for the return of scouting parties.
martin glanced at the luminous watch on his wrist.
it was then seveno'clock, and the night promised to be dark and quiet.
the evening"strafe" had just ended, and the german guns would reopen fire on thetrenches about five in the morning.
during the intervening hours theartillery would indulge in groups of long shots, hoping to catch thecommissariat or a regiment marching on the _pavé_ in column of fours.
"about twelve," said martin.
"well, so long, sir!
i'll have some coffee ready."
and martin led the way up a trench ladder.
no man wishes another "good luck!"
in these enterprises.
by a curiousinversion of meaning, "good luck!"
implies a ninety per cent chance ofgetting killed!
the two advanced rapidly for the first hundred yards.
then theyseparated, each crawling out into the open for about twenty yards toright and left.
snuggling into a convenient shell hole, they wouldlisten intently, with an ear to the ground, their object being to detectthe rhythmic beat of a pick, if a mining party was busy.
each remainedexactly ten minutes.
then they met and compared notes, always by signal.
if necessary, they would visit a suspected locality together andendeavor to locate the line of the tunnel.
it was essential that the british side of "no man's land" should not betoo quiet.
every few minutes a rocket or a verrey light would soar overthat torn golgotha.
but there was method in the seeming madness.
thefirst and second glare would illuminate an area well removed frommartin's territory.
the third might be right over him or mason, but theywere then so well hidden that the sharpest eye could not discern theirpresence.
by nine o'clock they had covered more than a hundred yards of theenemy's front, skirting his trip-wire throughout the whole distance.
they had heard no fewer than six mining parties.
each had advanced somethirty yards.
in effect, if the german trench was to be taken at all,the attack must be made next day, and the artillery preparation shouldcommence at dawn.
instead of returning to the subaltern's dugout atmidnight, martin wanted to reach the telephone not later than ten, andhurry back to headquarters.
the staff would have another sleeplessnight, but a british battalion would not be blown up while itssuccessive "waves" were crossing "no man's land."
mason and he crept like lizards to the sunk fence.
all they needed nowwas a close scrutiny of the german parapet in that section.
it was alikely site for a machine-gun emplacement and, in that case, wouldreceive special attention from a battery of 4.7's.
they reached the ditch shortly before a rocket was due overhead.
makingassurance doubly sure, they flattened against the outer slope of a shellhole, took off their caps, and each sought a tuft of grass throughwhich to peer.
simultaneously, by two short taps, both conveyed a warning.
they hadheard a slight rustling directly in front.
a verrey light, and not arocket, flamed through the darkness.
its brilliancy was intense.
but theverrey light has a peculiar property: far more effective than the rocketwhen it reveals troops in motion, it is rendered practically useless ifmen remain still.
working parties and scouts counteract its vivid beamsby absolute rigidity.
the uplifted pick or hammer, the advanced foot,the raised arm, must be kept in statuesque repose, and the reward iscomplete safety.
a rocket, on the other hand, though not half so deadlyin exposing an attack, demands that every man within its periphery shallendeavor forthwith to blend with the earth, or he will surely be seenand shot at.
the two britons, looking through stalks of withered herbage, foundthemselves gazing into the eyes of a couple of germans crouching onthe level barely six feet away.
it seemed literally impossible thatthe enemy observers should not see them.
but strange things happenin war.
the germans were scanning all the visible ground; the englishmenhappened to be on the alert for a recognized danger in that identicalspot.
so the one party, watching space, saw nothing; the other, preparedfor a specific discovery, made it.
what was more, when the light failed,the germans were assured of comparative safety, while their opponentshad measured the extent of an instant peril and got ready to face it.
they knew, too, that the germans must be killed or captured.
onewas a major, the other a noncommissioned officer, and men of suchrank were seldom deputed by the enemy to roam at large through thestrip of debated land which british endeavor, drawn by its sportinguncertainties, had rendered most unhealthy for human "game" of thehun species.
a dark night in that part of french flanders becomes palpably blackduring a few seconds after a flare.
the englishmen squatted back ontheir heels.
neither drew his revolver, but each right hand clutcheda trench knife, a peculiarly murderous-looking implement with an ovalhandle, and shaped like a corkscrew, except that the screw is replacedby a short, flat, dagger-pointed blade.
no signal was needed.
each knewexactly what to do.
the accident of position allotted the major tomartin.
the germans came on stealthily.
they had noted the shell-hole, and saton its crumbling edge, meaning to slide down and creep out on the otherside.
martin's left hand gripped a stout boot by the ankle.
in the fifthof a second he had a heavy body twisted violently and flung face downin the loose earth at the bottom of the hole.
a knee was planted in thesmall of the prisoner's back, the point of the knife was under his rightear, and martin was saying, in quite understandable german:"if you move or speak, i'll cut your throat!"
the words have a brutal sound, but it does not pay to be squeamish onsuch occasions, and the german language adapts itself naturally tophrases of the kind.
sergeant mason had to solve his own problem by a different method.
thequarry chanced to be leaning forward at the moment a vicious tugaccelerated his progress.
as a result, he fell on top of the hunter, andthere was nothing for it but the knife.
a ghastly squeal was barelystifled by the englishman's hand over the victim's mouth.
at thirtyyards, or thereabouts, and coming from a deep hole, the noise might havebeen a grunt.
nevertheless, it reached the german trench.
hissed a voice, and martin heard the click of a machine-gun asit swung on its tripod.
he did not fear the gun, which only meant a period of waiting while itsbullets cracked overhead.
what he did dread was a search party, asgerman majors are valuable birds, and must be safeguarded.
the situationcalled for the desperate measure he took.
the point of the knife enteredhis captive's neck, and he whispered:"tell your men they must keep quiet, or you die now!"
he allowed the almost choking man to raise his head.
the german knewthat his life was forfeit if he did not obey the order.
a certaingurgling, ever growing weaker, showed that his companion would soon be acorpse.
"shut up, sheep's head!"
that is the way german majors talk to their inferiors.
the engineer sergeant wriggled nearer.
"couldn't help it, sir," he breathed.
"i had to give him one!"
"go through him for papers and bring me his belt."
within a minute the officer's hands were fastened behind his back.
thenhe was permitted to rise and, after being duly warned, told toaccompany mason.
martin followed, and the three began the returnjourney.
a german rocket bothered them once, but the german was quick asthey to fall flat.
evidently he was not minded to offer a target formarksmen on either side.
soon mason was sent forward to warn the sentries.
quarter of an hourafter the episode in the shell hole martin, having come from thetelephone, was examining his prisoner by the light of an electric torchin a dugout.
"what is your name?"
"freiherr georg von struben, major of artillery," was the somewhatgrandiloquent answer.
"do you speak english?"
some long dormant chord of memory vibrated in martin's brain.
he heldthe torch closer.
von struben was a tall, well-built prussian.
hesmiled, meaning probably to make the best of a bad business.
his facewas soiled with clay and perspiration.
a streak of blood had run from aslight cut over an eyebrow.
but the white scar of an old saber wound,the outcome of a duelling bout in some university _burschenschaft_,creased down its center when he smiled.
then martin knew.
the german started, though he recovered his self-control promptly.
"you haf nod unterstant," he said.
"i dell you my nem----""that's all right, fritz," laughed martin.
"you spoke good english whenyou were in elmsdale.
you could fool me then into giving you valuableinformation for your precious scheme of invading england.
now it's myturn!
have you forgotten martin bolland?"
blank incredulity yielded to evident fear in the other man's eyes.
withobvious effort, he stiffened.
"i was acting under orders, captain bolland," he said.
"not bolland, but grant," laughed martin.
"i, too, have changed my name,but for a more honorable reason."
the words seemed to irritate von struben.
"i did noding dishonorable," he protested.
"i was dere by command.
if itwasn't for your d--d fleet, i would have lodged once more in de elmseighdeen monds ago."
"i know," said martin.
"we found your map, the map which angèle stolebecause you wouldn't take her in the car the day we went on the moor."
in all likelihood the prisoner's nerves were on edge.
he had gonethrough a good deal since being hauled into the shell hole, and was byno means prepared for this display of intimate knowledge of his pastcareer by the youthful looking briton who had manhandled him soeffectually.
be that as it may, he was so disconcerted by the mereallusion to angèle that a fantastic notion gripped martin.
he pursued itat once.
"we english are not quite such idiots as you like to imagine us, major,"he went on, and so ready was his speech that the pause was hardlyperceptible.
"mrs. saumarez--or, describing her by her other name, thebaroness von edelstein--was a far more dangerous person than you.
ittook time to run her to earth--you know what that means?
when a fox ischased to a burrow by hounds--but our intelligence department sized herup correctly at last."
now this was nothing more than the wildest guessing, a product of many along talk with elsie, the vicar, and general grant during the early daysof the war.
but von struben was manifestly so ill at ease that he had tocover his discomfiture under a frown.
"i have not seen de lady for ten years," he said.
this disclaimer was needless.
he had been wiser to have cursed angèlefor purloining his map.
she avoided berlin.
but you have heard of her."
again was the former spy guilty of stupidity.
he set his lips like asteel trap.
doubtful what to say, he said nothing.
martin nodded to sergeant mason.
"just go through the major's pockets," he said.
"you know what we want."
mason's knowledge was precise.
he left the prisoner his money, watch,pipe, and handkerchief.
the remainder of his belongings were made upinto a bundle.
highly valuable treasure-trove was contained therein, themajor having in his possession a detailed list of all arms in thefifty-seventh brandenburg division and a sketch of the trench systemwhich it occupied.
a glance showed martin that the fifty-seventhdivision lay directly in front.
he turned to the subaltern whose dugout he was using and who hadwitnessed the foregoing scene in silence.
"can you send a corporal's guard to d.h.q.
in charge of the prisoner?"
"certainly," said the other.
"by the way, come outside and have acigarette."
cigarettes are not lighted in front-line communication trenches afternightfall--not by officers, at any rate--nor do second lieutenantsaddress staff captains so flippantly.
martin read something more intothe invitation than appeared on the surface.
he was right.
"about this mrs. saumarez you spoke of just now," said the subalternwhen they were beyond the closed door of the dugout.
"is she the widowof one of our fellows, a hussar colonel?"
"do you know she is living in paris?"
"well, i heard some few years since that she was residing there."
"she's there now.
she runs a sort of hostel for youngsters on shortleave.
she's supposed to charge a small fee, but doesn't.
and there'sdrinks galore for all comers.
she's extraordinarily popular, of course,but i--er--well, one hates saying it.
still, you made me sit up and takenotice when you mentioned the intelligence department.
mrs. saumarez hasa wonderful acquaintance with the british front.
she tells youthings--don't you know--and one is led on to talk--sort of reciprocity,eh?"
martin drew a deep breath.
he almost dreaded putting the inevitablequestion.
"is her daughter with her--a girl of twenty-one, named angèle?"
never heard mrs. saumarez so much as mention her."
we've done a good night's work, i fancy.
and--this foryourself only--there may be a scrap to-morrow afternoon."
i want to stretch my legs.
been in this bally hole nine days.
well, here's your corporal.
and martin trudged through the mud with sergeant mason behind vonstruben and the escort.
sixty hours elapsed before martin was able to unwrap the puttees fromoff his stiff legs and cut the laces of boots so caked with mud that hewas too weary to untie them.
in that time, as the official report putit, "enemy trenches extending from rue du bois to houplines, over afront of nearly three miles, were occupied to an average depth of onethousand yards, and our troops are now consolidating the new territory."
a bald announcement, indeed!
martin was one of the few who knew what itreally meant.
he had helped to organize the victory; he could sum up itscosts.
but this record is not a history of the war, nor even of oneyoung soldier's share in it.
martin himself has developed a literarystyle noteworthy for its simple directness.
some day, if he survives, hemay tell his own story.
when the last of twelve hundred prisoners had been mustered in thegrande place of armentières, when the attacking battalions had beenrelieved and the reserve artillery was shelling fritz's hastily formedgun positions, when the last ambulance wagon of the "special" divisionhad sped over the _pavé_ to the base hospital at bailleul, martinthought he was free to go to bed.
as a matter of fact, he was not.
utterly spent, he had thrown himself ona cot and had slept the sleep of complete exhaustion for half an hour,when a brigade major discovered that "captain grant" was at liberty, anddetailed him for an immediate inquiry.
the facts were set forth on armyform 122: "on the night of the 10th inst.
a barrel of rum, delivered atbrigade dump no.
35, was stolen or mislaid.
it was last seen in trench77. for investigation and report to d.a.q.m.g.
that barrelof rum will never be seen again, though it was destined to roll throughreams of variously numbered army forms during many a week.
but it did not disturb martin's slumbers.
a brigadier general happenedto hear his name given to an orderly.
he inquired sharply.
"grant, did you say?"
"yes, sir," answered the brigade major.
"don't be such a heaven-condemned idiot!"
said the general, or, rather,he used words to that effect.
"grant was all through that push.
findsome other fellow."
brigade majors are necessarily inhuman.
it is nothing to them what a manmay have done--they think only of the next job.
they are steeled aliketo pity and reproach.
this one was no exception among the tribe.
hemerely thumbed a list and said to the orderly:"give that chit to mr.
so a subaltern began the chase.
he smelt the rum through a whole companyof gordons, but the barrel lies hid a fathom deep in the mud offlanders.
that same afternoon martin woke up, refreshed in mind and body.
hesecured a hot bath, "dolled up" in clean clothes, and strolled out tobuy some socks from "madame," the famous frenchwoman who has kept hershop open in armentières throughout three years of shell fire.
a yorkshire battalion was "standing at ease" in the street while theirofficers and color sergeants engaged in a wrangle about billets.
theregiment had taken part in the "push" and bore the outward and visiblesigns of that inward grace which had carried them beyond the third linegerman trench.
a lance corporal was playing "tipperary" on amouth-organ.
someone shouted: "give us 'home fires,' jim"--and "jim" ran apreliminary flourish before martin recognized the musician.
"why, if it isn't jim bates!"
he cried, advancing with outstretchedhand.
the lance corporal drew himself up and saluted.
his brown skin reddenedas he shook hands, for it is not every day that a staff captain greetsone of the rank and file in such democratic fashion.
"i'm main glad te see you, sir," he said.
"i read of your promotion int' _messenger_, an' we boys of t' owd spot were real pleased.
we were,an' all."
"you're keeping fit, i see," and martin's eye fell to a _pickelhaube_tied to the sling of bates's rifle.
"pretty well, sir," grinned bates.
"i nearly had a relapse yesterdaywhen that mine went up.
did ye hear of it?"
"if you mean the one they touched off at l'epinette farm, i saw it,"said martin.
"i was at the crossroads at the moment."
"well, fancy that, sir!
i couldn't ha' bin twenty yards from you."
"queer things happen in war.
do you remember mrs. saumarez's germanchauffeur, a man named fritz bauer?"
"quite well, sir."
"we caught him in 'no man's land' three nights ago.
he is a major now."
jim was so astonished that his mouth opened, just as it would have doneten years earlier.
"that takes it!
an' it's hardly a month since i sawmiss angèle in amiens."
martin's pulse quickened.
the mouth-organ in bates's hand brought himback at a bound to the night when he had forbidden jim to play forangèle's dancing.
and with that memory came another thought.
mrs.saumarez in paris--her daughter in amiens--why this devotion to suchnerve centers of the war?
"are you sure?"
"you would hardly recognize her.
she is tenyears older--a woman, not a child."
he dropped his voice.
"she was always a bit owd-fashioned, sir.
i'm not mistakken.
it kemabout this way.
it was her, right enough.
our colonel's shover fellsick, so i took on the car for a week.
one day i was waitin' outside thehotel dew nord at amiens when a french red cross auto drove up, an' outstepped miss angèle.
i twigged her at once.
i'd know them eyes of hersanywheres.
she hopped into the hotel, walkin' like a ballet-dancer.
hooiver, i goes up to her shover an' sez: 'pardonnay moy, but ain't thatmees angèle saumarez?'
he talked a lot--these frenchies always do--but imed out he didn't understand.
so i parlay-vooed some more, and soon igot the hang of things.
she's married now, an' i have her new name an'address in my kit-bag.
but i remember 'em, all right.
i can't pronounce'em, but i can spell 'em."
and lance corporal bates spelled: "la comtesse barthélemi de saint-ivoy,2 bis, impasse fautet, rue blanche, paris."
"it looks funny," went on jim anxiously, "but it's just as her shoverwrote it."
martin affected to treat this information lightly.
"i'm exceedingly glad i came across you," he said.
"how would you liketo be a sergeant, jim?"
bates grinned widely.
"it's a lot more work, but it does mean better grub, sir," he confided.
don't mention it to anyone, and i'll see what can be done.
it shouldn't be difficult, since you've earned the first stripealready."
martin found his brigadier at the mess.
a few minutes' conversation withthe great man led him to a greater in the person of the divisionalgeneral.
yet a few more minutes of earnest talk, and he was in a car,bound for general grant's headquarters, which he reached late thatnight.
it was long after midnight when the two retired, and the son'sface was almost as worn and care-lined as the father's ere thediscussion ended.
few problems have been so baffling and none more dangerous to the alliedarmies in france than the german spy system.
it was so perfect beforethe war, every possible combination of circumstances had been foreseenand provided against so fully, that the most thorough hunting outand ruthless punishment of enemy agents has failed to crush theorganization.
the snake has been scotched, but not killed.
its venom isstill potent.
every officer on the staff and many senior regimentalofficers have been astounded time and again by the completeness andup-to-date nature of the information possessed by the germans.
surpriseattacks planned with the utmost secrecy have found enemy trenches heldby packed reserves and swarming with additional machine-guns.
newlyestablished ammunition dépôts, carefully screened, have been bombed nextday by aeroplanes and subjected to high-angle fire.
troop movements byrail over long distances have become known, and their effect discounted.
flanders, in particular, is a plague-spot of espionage which has costbritain an untold sacrifice of life and an almost immeasurable waste ofeffort.
small wonder, then, that martin's forehead should be seamed withforeboding.
if his suspicions, which his father shared, were justified,the french intelligence department would quickly determine the truth,and no power on earth could save angèle and her mother from a firingparty.
france knows her peril and stamps it out unflinchingly.
of late,too, the british authorities adopt the same rigorous measures.
the spy,man or woman, is shown no mercy.
and now the whirligig of events had placed in martin's hands thequestion of life or death for mrs. saumarez and angèle.
it was aloathsome burden.
he rebelled against it.
during the long run to parishis very soul writhed at the thought that fate was making him theirexecutioner.
he tried to steel his resolution by dwelling on themischief they might have caused by thinking rather of the gallantcomrades laid forever in the soil of france because of their murderousduplicity than of the woman who was once his friend, of the girl whosekisses had once thrilled him to the core.
worst of all, both generalgrant and he himself felt some measure of responsibility for theirfailure to institute a searching inquiry as to mrs. saumarez'swhereabouts when war broke out.
but he was distraught and miserable.
he had a notion--a well-foundedone, as it transpired--that an approving general had recommended him forthe military cross; but from all appearance he might have expected aletter from the war office announcing his dismissal from the service.
at last, after a struggle which left him so broken that at a cordon nearparis he was detained several minutes while a _sous-officier_ who didnot like his looks communicated with a superior potentate, he made uphis mind.
whate'er befell, he would give angèle and her mother onechance.
if they decided to take it, well and good.
if not, they mustface the cold-eyed inquisition of the quai d'orsay.
luckily, as matters turned out, he elected to call on mrs. saumarezfirst.
for one thing, her house in the rue henri was not far from ahotel on the champs elysées where he was known to the management; foranother, he wished to run no risk of being outwitted by angèle.
if sheand her mother were guilty of the ineffable infamy of betraying both thecountry of their nationality and that which sheltered them they must betrapped so effectually as to leave no room for doubt.
he was also fortunate in the fact that his soldier chauffeur, when giventhe choice, decided to wait and drive him to the rue henri.
the man wascandid as to his own plans for the evening.
"when i put the car up i'll have a hot bath and go to bed, sir," hesaid.
"i've not had five hours' sleep straight on end during the pastthree weeks, an' i know wot'll happen if i start hittin' it up aroundthese bullyvards.
me for the feathers at nine o'clock!
so, if you don'tmind, sir----"martin knew what the man meant.
he wanted to be kept busy.
one hour ofenforced liberty implied the risk of meeting some hilarious comrades.
even in paris, strict as the police regulations may be, britons from thefront are able to sit up late, and the parties are seldom "dry."
so officer and man removed some of the marks of a long journey, ate agood meal, and about eight o'clock arrived at mrs. saumarez's house.
life might be convivial enough inside, but the place looked deserted,almost forbidding, externally.
indeed, martin hesitated before pressing an electric bell and consulteda notebook to verify the street and number given him by the subaltern onthe night von struben was captured.
but he had not erred.
his memorynever failed.
there could be no doubt but that his special gift in thisdirection had been responsible for a rapid promotion, since militarytraining, on the mental side, depends largely on a letter-perfectaccuracy of recollection.
when he rang, however, the door opened at once.
a bareheaded man incivilian attire, but looking most unlike a domestic, held aside a pairof heavy curtains which shut out the least ray of light from the hall.
"_entrez, monsieur_," he said in reply to martin, after a sharp glanceat the car and its driver.
martin heard a latch click behind him.
he passed on, to find himselfbefore a sergeant of police seated at a table.
three policemen stoodnear.
"your name and rank, monsieur?"
said this official.
martin, though surprised, almost startled, by these preliminaries,answered promptly.
the sergeant nodded to one of his aides.
"take this gentleman upstairs," he said.
"is there any mistake?"
"i have come here to visit mrs.
"no mistake," said the sergeant.
"follow that man, monsieur."
assured now that some dramatic and wholly unexpected development hadtaken place, martin tried to gather his wits as he mounted to thefirst floor.
there, in a shuttered drawing-room, he confronted ashrewd-looking man in mufti, to whom his guide handed a written slipsent by the sergeant.
evidently, this was an official of someimportance.
"shall i speak english, captain grant?"
he said, thrusting aside a pileof documents and clearing a space on the table at which he was busy.
"well," said martin, smiling, "i imagine that your english is betterthan my french."
he sat on a chair indicated by the frenchman.
he put no questions.
heguessed he was in the presence of a tragedy.
"is mrs. saumarez a friend of yours?"
began the stranger.
"yes, in a sense."
"have you seen her recently?"
"not for ten years."
obviously, this answer was disconcerting.
it was evident, too, thatmartin's name was not on a typed list which the other man had scannedwith a quick eye.
martin determined to clear up an involved situation.
"i take it that you are connected with the police department?"
"well, i have come from the british front at armentières to inquire intothe uses to which this house has been put.
a number of british officershave been entertained here.
our people want to know why."
he left it at that for the time being, but the frenchman's manner becameperceptibly more friendly.
"may i examine your papers?"
martin handed over the bundle of "permis de voyage," which everyonewithout exception must possess in order to move about the roads ofwestern france in wartime.
said the official, his air changing now to one of marked relief,"this helps matters greatly.
my name is duchesne, captain grant--gustaveduchesne.
i belong to the bureau de l'intérieur.
so you people also havehad your suspicions?
there can be no doubt about it--the baroness vonedelstein was a spy of the worst kind.
the mischief that woman did wasincalculable.
of course, it was hopeless to look for any real preventivework in england before the war; but we were caught napping here.
yousee, the widow of a british officer, a lady who had the best ofcredentials, and whose means were ample, hardly came under review.
shekept open house, and had lived in paris so long that her german originwas completely forgotten.
in fact, the merest accident brought about herdownfall."
one of the policemen came in with a written memorandum, which m.duchesne read.
"your chauffeur does not give information willingly," smiled the latter.
"the sergeant had to threaten him with arrest before he would describeyour journey to-day."
it was clear that the authorities were taking nothing for granted wheremrs. saumarez and her visitors were concerned.
martin felt that he hadstumbled to the lip of an abyss.
at any rate, events were out of hishands now, and for that dispensation he was profoundly thankful.
"i think i ought to tell you what i know of mrs. saumarez," he said.
"idon't wish to do the unfortunate woman an injustice, and my facts are sonebulous----""one moment, captain grant," interposed the frenchman.
"you may feelless constraint if you hear that the baroness died this morning."
was martin's involuntary cry.
"was she executed?"
"no," said the other.
"she forestalled justice by a couple of hours.
thecause of death was heart failure.
her daughter waswith her at the end."
"madame barthélemi de saint-ivoy!"
"you know her, then?"
"i met her in a yorkshire village at the same time as her mother.
theother day, by chance, i ascertained her name and address from one of ourvillage lads who recognized her in amiens about a month ago."
"well, you were about to say----"martin had to put forth a physical effort to regain self-control.
heplunged at once into the story of those early years.
there was little totell with regard to mrs. saumarez and angèle.
"fritz bauer" was thechief personage, and he was now well on his way to a prison camp inengland.
monsieur duchesne was amused by the map episode in its latest phase.
"and you were so blind that you took no action?"
he commented dryly.
we saw, but were invincibly confident.
my father sent the map tothe intelligence department, with which he was connected until 1912,when he was given a command in the north.
he and i believe now thatsomeone in whitehall overlooked the connection between mrs. saumarez andan admitted spy.
she had left england, and there was so much to do whenwar broke out."
if only those people in london had written us!"
"is the affair really so bad?"
this wretched creature showed an ingenuity that was devilish.
shedeceived her own daughter.
that is perfectly clear.
the girl married afrench officer after the battle of the marne, and, as we have everyreason to believe, thought she had persuaded her mother to break offrelations with her german friends.
we know now that the baroness, leftto her own devices, adopted a method of conveying information to theboches which almost defied detection.
owing to her knowledge of thebritish army she was able to chat with your men on a plane of intimacywhich no ordinary woman could command.
she found out where certainbrigades were stationed and what regiments composed them.
she heard towhat extent battalions were decimated.
she knew what types of guns werein use and what improvements were coming along in caliber and range.
shewas told when men were suddenly recalled from leave, and where they weregoing.
need i say what deductions the german staff could make from suchfacts?"
"but how on earth could she convey the information in time to be ofvalue?"
there is one weak spot on our frontier--south of thegerman line.
she wrote to an agent in pontarlier, and this mantransmitted her notes across the swiss frontier.
the rest was simple.
she was caught by fate, not by us.
years ago she employed a woman fromtinchebrai as a nurse----""françoise!"
broke in martin.
well, madame dupont died in 1913. but shehad spoken of her former mistress to a nephew, and this man, a cripple,is now a paris postman.
he is a sharp-witted peasant, and, as he grew inexperience, was promoted gradually to more important districts.
just aweek ago he took on this very street, and when he saw the name recalledher aunt's statements about mrs. saumarez.
he informed the sûreté atonce.
even then she gave us some trouble.
her letters were printed, notwritten, and she could post them in out-of-the-way places.
however, wetrapped her within forty-eight hours.
have you a battery of four 9.2'shidden in a wood three hundred meters north-west of pont ballot?"
martin was so flabbergasted that he stammered.
"that--is the sort of thing--we don't discuss--anywhere," he said.
it happens to be also the sort of thing which mrs. saumarezdrew out of some too-talkative lieutenant of artillery.
luckily, thefact has not crossed the border.
we have the lady's notepaper and hersecret signs, so are taking the liberty to supply the boches withintelligence more useful to us."
"then you haven't grabbed the pontarlier man?"
we give him ten days.
he has six left.
when his time is up,the germans will have discovered that the wire has been tapped."
martin forced the next question.
"what of madame de saint-ivoy?"
"her case is under consideration.
she is working for the croix rouge.
that is why she was in amiens.
her husband has been recalled fromverdun.
he, by the way, is devoted to her, and she professes to hate allgermans.
thus far her record is clean."
martin was glad to get out into the night air, though he had a strangenotion that the quietude of the darkened paris streets was unreal--thatthe only reality lay yonder where the shells crashed and men burrowedlike moles in the earth.
his chauffeur saluted.
"glad to see you, sir," said the man.
"those blighters wanted to run mein."
it's all right.
the police are doing good work.
take me to thehotel.
i'll follow your example and go to bed."
martin's voice was weary.
he was grateful to providence that he hadbeen spared the ordeal which faced him when he entered the city.
butthe strain was heavier than he counted on, and he craved rest, evenfrom tumultuous memories.
before retiring, however, he wrote toelsie--guardedly, of course--but in sufficient detail that she shouldunderstand.
next morning, making an early start, he guided the car up the rueblanche, as the north road could be reached by a slight detour.
he sawthe impasse fautet, and glanced at the drawn blinds of numéro 2 bis.
inone of those rooms, he supposed, angèle was lying.
he had resolved notto seek her out.
when the war was over, and he and his wife visitedparis, they could inquire for her.
was she wholly innocent?
he hoped so.
somehow, he could not picture her as a spy.
she was a disturbinginfluence, but her nature was not mean.
at any rate, her mother's deathwould scare her effectually.
it was a fine morning, clear, and not too cold.
his spirits rose as thecar sped along a good road, after the suburban traffic was left behind.
the day's news was cheering.
verdun was safe, the armentières "push" wasan admitted gain, and the united states had reached the breaking pointwith germany.
thank god, all would yet be well, and humanity wouldarise, blood-stained but triumphant, from the rack of torment on whichit had been stretched by teuton oppression!
"hit her up!"
he said when the car had passed through crueil, and thenext cordon was twenty miles ahead.
the chauffeur stepped on the gas,and the pleasant panorama of france flew by like a land glimpsed indreams.
*       *       *       *       *every day in far-off elmsdale elsie would walk to the white house, orjohn and martha would visit the vicarage.
if there was no letter, somecrumb of comfort could be drawn from its absence.
each morning, in bothhouseholds, the first haunted glance was at the casualty lists in thenewspapers.
but none ever spoke of that, and elsie knew what she nevertold the old couple--that the thing really to be dreaded was a longwhite envelope from the war office, with "o.h.m.s."
stamped across it,for the relatives of fallen officers are warned before the last sad itemis printed.
elsie lived at the vicarage.
the elms was too roomy for herself and herbaby boy, another martin bolland--such were the names given him at thechristening font.
so it came to pass that she and the vicar, accompaniedby a nurse wheeling a perambulator, came to the white house withmartin's letter.
and, heinous as were mrs. saumarez's faults,unforgivable though her crime, they grieved for her, since her memory inthe village had been, for the most part, one of a gracious and dignifiedwoman.
martha wiped her spectacles after reading the letter.
the word "hotel"had a comforting sound.
"it must ha' bin nice for t' lad te find hisself in a decent bed for anight," she said.
then elsie's eyes filled with tears.
"i only wish i had known he was there," she murmured.
"because, god help me, on one night, at least, i could have fallenasleep with the consciousness that he was safe!"
she averted her face, and her slight, graceful body shook with anuncontrollable emotion.
the vicar was so taken aback by thisunlooked-for distress on elsie's part that his lips quivered and hedared not speak.
but john bolland's huge hand rested lightly on theyoung wife's shoulder.
"dinnat fret, lass," he said.
"i feel it i' me bones that martin willcome back te us.
england needs such men, the whole wulld needs 'em, an'the lord, in his goodness, will see to it that they're spared.
sometimes, when things are blackest, i liken mesen unto job; for jobwas a farmer an' bred stock, an' he was afflicted more than most.
an'then i remember that the lord blessed the latter end of job, who diedold and full of days; yet i shall die a broken man if martin is taken.
olord, my god, in thee do i put my trust!"
