alice, lady dyke, puckered her handsome forehead into a thoughtful frownas she drew aside the window-curtains of her boudoir and tried to lookout into the opaque blackness of a november fog in london.
behind her was cheerfulness--in front uncertainty.
electric lights, anice fire reflected from gleaming brass, the luxury of carpets andupholstery, formed an alluring contrast to the dull yellow glare of asolitary lamp in the outer obscurity.
but lady dyke was a strong-minded woman.
there was no trace of doubt inthe wrinkled brows and reflective eyes.
she held back the curtains withher left hand, buttoning a glove at the wrist with the other.
fog or nofog, she would venture forth, and she was already dressed for theweather in tailor-made costume and winter toque.
she was annoyed, but not disconcerted by the fog.
too long had sheallowed herself to take things easily.
the future was as murky asthe atmosphere; the past was dramatically typified by the pleasantsurroundings on which she resolutely turned her back.
lady dyke wasquite determined as to her actions, and a dull november night was amost unlikely agent to restrain her from following the course she hadmapped out.
moving to the light again, she took from her pocket a long, closelywritten letter.
its details were familiar to her, but her face hardenedas she hastily ran through it in order to find a particular passage.
at last she gained her object--to make quite sure of an address.
thenshe replaced the document, stood undecided for a moment, and touched anelectric bell.
"james," she said, to the answering footman, "i am going out."
"sir charles is not at home?"
"i am going to richmond--to see mrs. talbot.
i shall probably not returnin time for dinner.
tell sir charles not to wait for me."
"shall i order the carriage for your ladyship?"
"will you listen to me and remember what i have said?"
james ran downstairs, opened the door, bowed as lady dyke passed intoportman square, and then confidentially informed buttons that "themissus" was in a "rare old wax" about something.
"she nearly jumped down my bloomin' throat when i asked her if she wouldhave the carriage," he said.
her ladyship's mood did not soften when she drifted from the fixedtenure of wensley house, portman square, into the chaos of oxford streetand fog at 5.30 on a november evening.
though not a true "london particular," the fog was chilly, exasperating,tedious.
people bumped against each other without apology, 'busescrunched through the traffic with deadly precision, pair-horse vansswept around corners with magnificent carelessness.
in the result, lady dyke, who meant to walk, as she was somewhat inadvance of the time she had fixed on for this very important engagement,took a hansom.
in her present mood slight things annoyed her.
usually,the london cab-horse is a thoughtful animal; he refuses to hurry; whenhe falls he lies contented, secure in the knowledge that for fiveblissful minutes he will be at complete rest.
but this misguidedquadruped flew as though oats and meadow-grass awaited him at victoriastation on the underground railway.
he raced down park lane, skidded past hyde park corner, and grated theoff-wheel of the hansom against the kerb outside the station withineight minutes.
in other words, her ladyship, if she would obey the directions containedin the voluminous letter, was compelled to kill time.
as she stepped from the vehicle and halted beneath a lamp to take aflorin from her purse, a tall, ulster-wrapped gentleman, walking rapidlyinto victoria street, caught a glimpse of her face and well-proportionedform.
instantly his hat was off.
"this is an unexpected pleasure, lady dyke.
can i be of any service?"
she bit her lip, not unobserved, but the law of society forced herfeatures into a bright smile.
"oh, mr. bruce, is it you?
i am going to see my sister at richmond.
isn't the weather horrid?
i shall be so glad if you will put me into theright train."
mr. claude bruce, barrister and man about town, whose clean-cut featuresand dark, deep-set eyes made him as readily recognizable, knew that shewould have been much better pleased had he passed without greeting.
likethe footman, he wondered why she did not drive in her carriage ratherthan travel by the underground railway on such a night.
he guessed thatshe was perturbed--that her voluble explanation was a disguise.
he reflected that he could ill afford any delay in dressing for adistant dinner--that good manners oft entail inconvenience--but ofcourse he said:"delighted.
have you any wraps?"
"no, i am just going for a chat, and shall be home early."
he bought her a first-class ticket, noting as an odd coincidence that itbore the number of the year, 1903, descended to the barrier, found thatthe next train for richmond passed through in ten minutes, fumedinwardly for an instant, explained his presence to the ticket-collector,and paced the platform with his companion.
having condemned the fog, and the last play, and the latest book, theywere momentarily silent.
the newspaper placards on smith & son's bookstall announced that a"great society scandal" was on the tapis.
"the duke in the box" formed atelling line, and the eyes of both people chanced on it simultaneously.
thought the woman: "he is a man of the world, and an experienced lawyer.
shall i tell him?"
thought the man: "she wants to take me into her confidence, and i am toobusy to be worried by some small family squabble."
said she: "are you much occupied at the courts just now, mr.
"no," he replied; "not exactly.
my practice is more consultive thanactive.
many people seek my advice about matters of little interest,never thinking that they would best serve their ends by actingdecisively and promptly themselves."
lady dyke set her lips.
she could be both prompt and decisive.
sheresolved to keep her troubles, whatever they were, locked in the secrecyof her own heart, and when she next spoke of some trivial topic thebarrister knew that he had been spared a recital.
he regretted it afterwards.
at any other moment in his full and useful life he would have encouragedher rather than the reverse.
even now, a few seconds too late, he wassorry.
he strove to bring her back to the verge of explanations, butfailed, for her ladyship was a proud, self-reliant personage--one whowould never dream of risking a rebuff.
a train came, with "richmond" staring at them from the smoke and steamof the engine.
"shall i see you again soon?"
"i fear not.
it is probable that i shall leave for the south of francequite early."
and she was gone.
her companion rushed to the street, and almost ran tohis victoria street chambers.
it was six o'clock.
he had to dress anddrive all the way to hampstead for dinner at 7.30.
*       *       *       *       *at ten minutes past nine sir charles dyke entered wensley house.
ahandsome, quiet, gentlemanly man was sir charles.
he was rich--aguardsman until the baronetcy devolved upon him, a popular figure insociety, esteemed a trifle fast prior to his marriage, but sobered downby the cares of a great estate and a vast fortune.
his wife and he were not well-matched in disposition.
she was too earnest, too prim, for the easy-going baronet.
he respectedher, that was all.
a man of his nature found it impossible to realizethat the depths of passion are frequently coated over with ice.
theirunion was irreproachable, like their marriage settlements; but there aremore features in matrimony than can be disposed of by broad seals andlegal phrases.
unfortunately, they were childless, and were thus deprived of the onegreat bond which unites when others may fail.
sir charles was hurried, if not flurried.
his boots were muddy and hisclothes splashed by the mire of passing vehicles.
"i fear i am very late for dinner," he said to the footman who took hishat and overcoat.
"but i shall not be five minutes in dressing.
tell herladyship--""milady is not at home, sir charles."
"not at home!"
"milady went out at half-past five, saying that she was going torichmond to see lady edith talbot, and that you were not to wait dinnerif she was late in returning."
sir charles was surprised.
he looked steadily at the man as he said:"are you quite sure of her ladyship's orders?"
"quite sure, sir charles."
"did she drive?"
"no, sir charles.
she would not order the carriage when i suggested it."
the baronet, somewhat perplexed, hesitated a moment.
then he appeared todismiss the matter as hardly worth discussion, saying, as he went upstairs:"dinner almost immediately, james."
during the solitary meal he was preoccupied, but ate more than usual, inthe butler's judgment.
finding his own company distasteful, he discussedthe november handicap with the butler, and ultimately sent for anevening paper.
opening it, the first words that caught his eye were, "murder in thewest end."
he read the paragraph, the record of some tragic orgy, andturned to the butler.
"a lot of these beastly crimes have occurred recently, thompson."
"yes, sir charles.
there's bin three since the beginning of the month."
after a pause.
"did you hear that her ladyship had gone to richmond?"
"yes, sir charles."
"do you know how she went?"
"no, sir charles."
"i wanted to see her to-night, _very_ particularly.
order the broughamin ten minutes.
i am going to the travellers' club.
i shall be homesoon--say eleven o'clock--when her ladyship arrives."
the baronet was driven to and from the club by his own coachman, but onreturning to wensley house was told that his wife was still absent.
"no telegram or message?"
"no, sir charles."
"i suppose she will stay with her sister all night, and i shall have anote in the morning to say so.
just like a woman.
now if i did that,james, there would be no end of a row.
anxiety, and that sort of thing.
call me at 8.30."
an hour later sir charles dyke left the library and went to bed.
at breakfast next morning the master of the house rapidly scanned theletters near his plate for the expected missive from his wife.
a maid was waiting.
he sent her to call the butler.
"look here, thompson," he cried, "her ladyship has not written.
don'tyou think i had better wire?
it's curious, to say the least, going offto richmond in this fashion, in a beastly fog, too."
thompson was puzzled.
he had examined the letters an hour earlier.
buthe agreed that a telegram was the thing.
sir charles wrote: "expected to hear from you.
will you be home tolunch?
want to see you about some hunters"; and addressed it to his wifeat her sister's residence.
"there," he said, turning to his coffee and sole.
"that will fetch her.
we are off to leicestershire next week, thompson.
by the way, i am goingto a sale at tattersall's.
send a groom there with her ladyship's answerwhen it comes."
he had not been long at the sale yard when a servant arrived with atelegram.
"ah, the post-office people are quick this morning," he said, smiling.
he opened the envelope and read:     "want to see you at once.--dick."
he was so surprised by the unexpected nature of the message that he readthe words aloud mechanically.
but he soon understood, and smiled again.
"go back quickly," he said to the man, "and tell thompson to send alongthe next telegram."
a consignment of waterford hunters was being sold at the time, and thebaronet was checking the animals' descriptions on the catalogue, whenhe was cheerily addressed:"hallo, dyke, preparing for the shires, eh?"
wheeling round, the baronet shook hands with claude bruce.
"yes--that is, i am looking out for a couple of nice-mannered ones formy wife.
i have six eating their heads off at market harborough now."
"will lady dyke hunt this season?"
"well, hardly that.
but she likes to dodge about the lanes with theparson and the doctor."
"i only inquired because she told me last night that she would probablywinter in the south of france."
"told you--last night--south of france!"
sir charles dyke positivelygasped in his amazement.
i met her at victoria.
she was going to richmond to see hersister, she said."
"i am jolly glad to hear it."
"because i have not seen her myself since yesterday morning.
she wentoff mysteriously, late in the afternoon, leaving a message with theservants.
naturally i am glad to hear from you that she got into thetrain all right."
"i put her in the carriage myself.
have you not heard from her?"
i wired this morning, and expect an answer at any moment.
but whatis this about the south of france?
we go to leicestershire next week."
"i can't say, of course.
your wife seemed to be a little upset aboutsomething.
she only mentioned her intention casually--in fact, when iasked if we would meet soon."
the other laughed, a little oddly in the opinion of his astute observer,and dismissed the matter by the remark that the expected message fromhis wife would soon clear the slight mystery attending her movementsduring the past eighteen hours.
the two men set themselves to the congenial task of criticizing thehorses trotting up and down the straw-covered track, and sir charles hadpurchased a nice half-bred animal for forty guineas when his groom againsaluted him.
"please, sir," said the man, "here's another telegram, and thompson toldme to ask if it was the right one."
sir charles frowned at the interruption--a second horse of a suitablecharacter was even then under the hammer--but he tore open the envelope.
at once his agitation became so marked that bruce cried:"good heavens, dyke, what is it?
no bad news, i hope?"
the other, by a strong effort, regained his self-control.
"no, no," he stammered; "it is all right, all right.
she has gonesomewhere else.
this is from her sister, mrs. talbot.
still, i wishalice would consider my natural anxiety a little."
bruce read:     "i opened your message.
alice not here.
i have not seen her for     over a week.
what do you mean by wire?
am coming to town at     once.--edith."
the baronet's pale face and strained voice betrayed the significance ofthe thought underlying the simple question.
"what do you make of it, claude?"
bruce, too, was very grave.
"the thing looks queer," he said; "thoughthe explanation may be trifling.
come, i will help you.
let us reachyour house.
it is the natural centre for inquiries."
they hailed a hansom and whirled off to portman square.
they did not saymuch.
each man felt that the affair might not end so happily andsatisfactorily as he hoped.
lady dyke had disappeared.
whether dead or alive, and if alive, whether detained by force or absentof her own unfettered volition, this handsome and well-known leader ofsociety had vanished utterly from the moment when claude bruce placedher in a first-class carriage of a metropolitan richmond train atvictoria station.
at first her husband and relatives hoped against hope that someextraordinary tissue of events had contributed to the building up of amystery which would prove to be no mystery.
yet the days fled, and there was no trace of her whereabouts.
at the outset, the inquiry was confined to the circle of friends andrelatives.
telegrams and letters in every possible direction suggestedby this comparatively restricted field showed conclusively that not onlyhad lady dyke not been seen, but no one had the slightest clue to themotives which might induce her to leave her home purposely.
so far as her distracted husband could ascertain, she did not owe apenny in the world.
she was a rich woman in her own right, and herbanking account was in perfect order.
she was a woman of the domestic temperament, always in close touch withher family, and those who knew her best scouted the notion of any pettyintrigue which would move her, by fear or passion, to abandon all sheheld dear.
the stricken baronet confided the search only to his friend bruce.
hebrokenly admitted that he had not sufficiently appreciated his wifewhile she was with him.
"she was of a superior order to me, claude," he said.
"i am hardly ahome bird.
her ideals were lofty and humanitarian.
too often i was outof sympathy with her, and laughed at her notions.
but, believe me, wenever had the shadow of a serious dispute.
perhaps i went my own way alittle selfishly, but at the time, i thought that she, on her part, wassomewhat straight-laced.
i appreciate her merits when it is too late."
"but you must not assume even yet that she is dead."
the barrister wascertain that some day the mystery would be elucidated.
i feel that.
i shall never see her on earth again."
"oh, nonsense, dyke.
far more remarkable occurrences have beensatisfactorily cleared up."
"it is very good of you, old chap, to take this cheering view.
only, yousee, i know my wife's character so well.
she would die a hundred timesif it were possible rather than cause the misery to her people andmyself which, if living, she knows must ensue from this terribleuncertainty as to her fate."
"scotland yard is still sanguine."
this good-natured friend wasevidently making a conversation.
but something tells me that my wife is dead, whether byaccident or design it is impossible to say.
the police will cling tothe belief that she is in hiding in order to conceal their own inabilityto find her."
"a highly probable theory.
are your servants to be trusted?"
they have all been with us some years.
why do you ask?"
"because i am anxious that nothing of this should get into the papers.
ihave caused paragraphs to be inserted in the fashionable intelligencecolumns that lady dyke has gone to visit some friends in the midlands.
for her own sake, if she be living, it is best to choke scandal at itssource."
"well, bruce, i leave everything to you.
make such arrangements as youthink fit."
the barrister's mobile face softened with pity as he looked at hisafflicted friend.
in four days sir charles dyke had aged many years in appearance.
no onewho was acquainted with him in the past would have imagined that theloss of his wife could so affect him.
"i have done all that was possible, yet it is very little," said bruce,after a pause.
"you are aware that i am supposed to be an adept atsolving curious or criminal investigations of an unusual class.
but inthis case, partly, i suspect, because i myself am the last person who,to our common knowledge, saw lady dyke alive on tuesday night, i amfaced by a dead wall of impenetrable fact, through which my intellectcannot pierce.
yet i am sure that some day this wretched business willbe intelligible.
i will find her if living; i will find her murderer ifshe be dead."
not often did claude bruce allow his words to so betray his thoughts.
both men were absorbed by the thrilling sensations of the moment, andthey were positively startled when a servant suddenly announced:"inspector white, of scotland yard."
a short, thick-set man entered.
he was absolutely round in every part.
his sturdy, rotund frame was supported on stout, well-moulded legs.
hisbullet head, with close-cropped hair, gave a suggestion of strength tohis rounded face, and a pair of small bright eyes looked suspiciously onthe world from beneath well-arched eyebrows.
two personalities more dissimilar than those of claude bruce andinspector white could hardly be brought together in the same room.
people who are fond of tracing resemblances to animals in human beingswould liken the one to a grey-hound, the other to a bull-dog.
yet they were both masters in the art of detecting crime--the barristersubtle, analytic, introspective; the policeman direct, pertinacious,self-confident.
bruce lost all interest in a case when the hidden trailwas laid bare.
mr. white regarded investigation as so many hours on dutyuntil his man was transported or hanged.
the detective was well acquainted with his unprofessional colleague, andhad already met sir charles in the early stages of his present quest.
"i have an important clue," he said, smiling with assurance.
"what is it?"
the baronet was for the moment aroused from his despondentlethargy.
"her ladyship did not go to richmond on tuesday night."
inspector white did not wait for bruce to speak, but the barristernodded with the air of one who knew already that lady dyke had not goneto richmond.
mr. white continued.
"thanks to mr. bruce's remembrance of the number ofthe ticket, we traced it at once in the clearing office.
it was given upat sloan square immediately after the richmond train passed through."
bruce nodded again.
he was obstinately silent, so the detectivequestioned him directly.
"by this means the inquiry is narrowed to a locality.
"yes," said the barrister, turning to poke the fire.
mr. white was sure that his acuteness was displeasing to his cleverrival.
he smiled complacently, and went on:"the ticket-collector remembers her quite well, as the giving up of arichmond ticket was unusual at this station.
she passed straight outinto the square, and from that point we lost sight of her."
"you do, mr.
"well, sir, it is a great thing to have localized her movements at thathour, isn't it?"
"yes, it is.
to save time i may tell you that lady dyke returned to thestation, entered the refreshment room, ordered a glass of wine, whichshe hardly touched, sat down, and waited some fifteen minutes.
then shequitted the room, crossed the square, asked a news-vendor where raleighmansions were, and gave him sixpence for the information."
his hearers were astounded.
"heavens, claude, how did you learn all this?"
cried the baronet.
"thus far, it was simplicity itself.
on wednesday evening when no newscould be obtained from your relatives, i started from victoria,intending to call at every station until i found the place where sheleft the train.
the railway clearing officer was too slow, mr. white.
naturally, the hours being identical in the same week, the firstticket-collector i spoke to gave me the desired clue.
the rest was amere matter of steady inquiry."
"then you are the man whom the police are now searching for?"
blurtedout the detective.
"from the railway official's description?
pray, mr. white, letme see the details of my appearance as circulated through the force.
itwould be interesting."
the inspector was saved from further indiscretions by sir charles dyke'splaintive question:"why did you not tell me these things sooner, claude?"
"what good was there in torturing you?
all that i have ascertained isthe a b c of our search.
we are at a loss for the motive of your wife'sdisappearance.
victoria, sloane square, or richmond--does it matterwhich?
my belief is that she intended to go to richmond that night.
why,otherwise, should she make to the footman and myself the same unvaryingstatement?
perhaps she did go there?"
"but these houses, raleigh mansions.
what of them?"
"ah, there we may be forwarded a stage.
but there are six main entrancesand no hall porters.
there are twelve flats at each number, seventy-twoin all, and all occupied.
that means seventy-two separate inquiries intothe history and attributes of a vastly larger number of persons, inorder to find some possible connection with lady dyke and her purposelyconcealed visit.
she may have remained in one of those flats fiveminutes.
she may be in one of them yet.
anyhow, i have taken thenecessary steps to obtain the fullest knowledge of the inhabitants ofraleigh mansions."
"scotland yard appears to be an unnecessary institution, mr. bruce,"snapped the detective.
"by no means.
it is most useful to me once i have discovered a criminal.
and it amuses me."
"listen, claude, and you, mr. white," pleaded the baronet.
"i imploreyou to keep me informed in future of developments in your search.
theknowledge that progress is being made will sustain me.
promise, i askyou."
"i promise readily enough," answered bruce.
"i only stipulate that youprepare yourself for many disappointments.
even a highly skilleddetective like inspector white will admit that the failures are morefrequent than the successes."
"true enough, sir.
but i must be going, gentlemen."
mr. white wasdetermined to work the new vein of raleigh mansions thoroughly beforeeven his superiors were aware of its significance in the hunt for herlost ladyship.
when the detective went out there was silence for some time.
dyke wasthe first to speak.
"have you formed any sort of theory, even a wildly speculative one?"
"no; none whatever.
the utter absence of motive is the most puzzlingelement of the whole situation."
"whom can my wife have known at raleigh mansions?
what sort of placesare they?"
"quite fashionable, but not too expensive.
the absence of elevators anddoorkeepers cheapens them.
i am sorry now that i mentioned them towhite."
"he will disturb every one of the residents by injudicious inquiries.
each housemaid who opens a door will be to him a suspicious individual,each butcher's boy an accomplice, each tenant a principal in theabduction of your wife.
if i have a theory of any sort, it is that thefirst reliable news will come from richmond.
there cannot be theslightest doubt that she was going there on tuesday night."
"it will be very odd if you should prove to be right," said sir charles.
again they were interrupted by the footman, this time the bearer of atelegram, which he handed to his master.
the latter opened it and read:     "what is the matter?
are you ill?
i certainly am angry.--dick."
he frowned with real annoyance, crumpling up the message and throwing itin the fire.
"people bothering one at such a time," he growled.
soon afterwards bruce left him.
true to the barrister's prophecy, inspector white made life miserable tothe denizens of raleigh mansions.
he visited them at all hours, and, insome instances, several times.
although, in accordance with hisinstructions, he never mentioned lady dyke's name, he so pestered theoccupants with questions concerning a lady of her general appearancethat half-a-dozen residents wrote complaining letters to the companywhich owned the mansions, and the secretary lodged a protest at scotlandyard.
respectable citizens object to detectives prowling about, particularlywhen they insinuate questions concerning indefinite ladies intailor-made dresses and fur toques.
at the end of a week mr. white was nonplussed, and even claude bruceconfessed that his more carefully conducted inquiries had yielded noresult.
towards the end of the month a sensational turn was given to events.
thebody of a woman, terribly disfigured from long immersion in the waterand other causes, was found in the thames at putney.
it had been discovered under peculiar circumstances.
a drain pipeemptying into the river beneath the surface was moved by reason of somesanitary alterations, and the workmen intrusted with the task werehorrified at finding a corpse tightly wedged beneath it.
official examination revealed that although the body had been in thewater fully three weeks, the cause of death was not drowning.
the womanhad been murdered beyond a shadow of a doubt.
a sharp iron spike wasdriven into her brain with such force that a portion of it had brokenoff, and remained imbedded in the skull.
if this were not sufficient, there were other convincing proofs of foulplay.
although her skirt and coat were of poor quality, her linen was of aclass that could only be worn by some one who paid as much for a singleunder-garment as most women do for a good costume; but there were nolaundry marks, such as usual, upon it.
on the feet were a pair of strong walking boots, bearing the stampedaddress of a fashionable boot-maker in the west end.
among a list ofcustomers to whom the tradesman supplied footgear of this size andcharacter appeared the name of lady dyke.
not very convincing testimony, but sufficient to bring sir charles tothe putney mortuary in the endeavor to identify the remains as those ofhis missing wife.
in this he utterly failed.
not only was this poor misshapen lump of distorted humanity whollyunlike lady alice, but the color of her hair was different.
her ladyship's maid called to identify the linen--even the policeadmitted the outer clothes were not lady dyke's--was so upset at therepulsive nature of her task that she went into hysterics, protestingloudly that it could not be her mistress she was looking at.
bruce differed from both of them.
he quietly urged sir charles toconsider the fact that a great many ladies give a helping hand to naturein the matter of hair tints.
the chemical action of water would--the baronet nearly lost his temper.
"really, bruce, you carry your theories too far," he cried.
"my wife hadnone of these vanities.
i am sure this is not she.
the mere thought thatsuch a thing could be possible makes me ill. let us get away, quick."
so a coroner's jury found an open verdict, and the poor unknown wasburied in a pauper's grave.
the newspapers dismissed the incident with a couple of paragraphs,though the iron spike planted in the skull afforded good material for atelling headline, and within a couple of days the affair was forgotten.
but claude bruce, barrister and amateur detective, was quite sure in hisown mind that the nameless woman was alice, lady dyke.
he was so certain--though identification of the body wasimpossible--that he bitterly resented the scant attention given thematter by the authorities, and he swore solemnly that he would not restuntil he had discovered her destroyer and brought the wretch to the barof justice.
the first difficulty experienced by the barrister in his self-imposedtask was the element of mystery purposely contributed by lady dykeherself.
to a man of his quick perception, sharpened and clarified byhis legal training, it was easy to arrive at the positive factsunderlying the trivial incidents of his meeting with the missing lady atvictoria station.
briefly stated, his summary was this: lady dyke intended to go torichmond at a later hour than that at which his unexpected presence hadcaused her to set out.
she had resolved upon a secret visit to some onewho lived in raleigh mansions, sloane square--some person whom she knewso slightly as to be unacquainted with the exact address, and, as theresult of this visit, she desired subsequently to see her sister atrichmond.
sir charles dyke was apparently in no way concerned with her movements,nor had she thought fit to consult him, beyond the mere politeness ofannouncing her probable absence from home at the dinner hour.
to one of bruce's analytical powers the problem would be more simplewere it, in a popular sense, more complex.
in these days, it is astrange thing for a woman of assured position in society to be suddenlyspirited out of the world without leaving trace or sign.
he approachedhis inquiry with less certainty, owing to lady dyke's own negativeadmissions, than if she had been swallowed up by an earthquake, and hewere asked to determine her fate by inference and deduction.
it must be remembered that he was sure she was dead--murdered, and thather body had been lodged by human agents beneath an old drain-pipe atputney.
what possible motive could any one have in so foully killing abeautiful, high-minded, and charming woman, whose whole life was knownto her associates, whom the breath of scandal had never touched?
the key of the mystery might be found at raleigh mansions, but brucedecided that this branch of his quest could wait until other transientfeatures were cleared up.
he practically opened the campaign of investigation at putney.
mildweather had permitted the workmen to conclude their operations theday before the barrister reached the spot where the body had beenfound--that is to say, some forty-eight hours after he had resolvedneither to pause nor deviate in his search until the truth was laidbare.
a large house, untenanted, occupied the bank, a house with solid frontfacing the road, and a lawn running from the drawing-room windows to theriver.
down the right side of the grounds the boundary was sharplymarked by a narrow lane, probably a disused ferry road, and access tothis thoroughfare was obtained from the lawn by a garden gate.
a newly marked seam in the roadway showed the line of the drainage work,and bruce did not glance at the point where the pipe entered the thames,as the structural features here were recent.
he went to the office of the contractor who had carried out thealterations.
an elderly foreman readily answered his questions.
i was in charge of the men who were on the job.
it was aneasy business.
just an outlet for rain from the road.
an old-fashionedaffair; been there thirty or forty years, i should think; all the pipeswere crumbling away."
"why were the repairs effected at this moment?"
"well, sir, the house was empty quite a while.
you see it used to be aschool, a place where young gents were prepared for the army.
it wasclosed about a year ago, and it isn't everybody as wants so manybedrooms.
i do hear as how the new tenant has sixteen children."
"the incoming people have not yet arrived?"
"can you tell me the name of the schoolmaster?"
when i was younger i have done a lot of carpenter's work forhim.
he was the reverend septimus childe."
bruce made a note of the name, and next sought the localpolice-inspector.
"no, nothing fresh," said the latter, in reply to a query concerning thewoman "found drowned."
"i suppose these things are soon lost sight of?"
said bruce casually.
"sometimes they are, and sometimes they aren't.
it's wonderfuloccasionally how a matter gets cleared up after years.
of course we keepall the records of a case, so that the affair can be looked into ifanything turns up."
"ah, that brings me to the most important object of my visit.
a smallpiece of iron was found imbedded in the woman's skull."
the inspector smiled as he admitted the fact.
"may i see it?
i want either the loan of it for a brief period, or anexact model."
again the policeman grinned.
"i don't mind telling you that you are too late, sir."
how too late?"
"it's been gone to scotland yard for the best part of a week."
so others besides the barrister thought that the putney incidentrequired more attention than had been bestowed upon it.
*       *       *       *       *bruce concluded his round by a visit to the surgeon who gave evidence atthe inquest.
the doctor had no manner of doubt that the woman had been murderedbefore being placed in the water, the state of the lungs being proofpositive on that point.
"it was equally indisputable that she was put to death by maliceaforethought?"
a small iron spike was absolutely wedged into the brainthrough the hardest part of the skull."
"what was the nature of the injuries that caused death?"
"this piece of iron penetrated the occipital bone at the lowest part,and injured the cerebellum, damaging all the great nerve centres at thebase of the brain."
"would death ensue instantly?"
such a blow would have the effect of a high voltage electriccurrent.
complete paralysis of the nerve centres means death."
"then i take it that great force must have been used?"
"not so much, perhaps, as the nature of the wound seems to imply; butconsiderable--sufficient, at any rate, to break the piece of iron."
"it was broken, you say?
was it cast-iron?"
"yes, of good quality.
off some ornament or design, i should imagine.
but it snapped off inside the head at the moment of the occurrence."
"curious, is it not, for a person to be killed in such a manner by suchan instrument?"
"i have never before met such a case.
were it not for the way in whichthe body was jammed beneath a hidden drain-pipe, and the effective meanstaken to destroy the identity, i should have inclined to the belief thatsome strange accident had happened.
at any rate, the murderer must havecommitted the crime on the spur of the moment, and seized upon the firstweapon to hand."
"you say she was forcibly placed where found?"
"yes; the workmen's description left no other idea."
"could not the tide have done this?"
one cannot be quite emphatic, as such odd things do happen.
butit seems to be almost impossible for the tide at putney to pack a bodybeneath a jutting drain-pipe in such a manner that the waist, ornarrowest part, should be beneath the pipe and the body remain securelyheld."
"yet it is not so marvellous as the coincidence that this particulardrain should need repairs at the precise period when this tragedyhappened."
it is exceedingly strange.
are you interested in the case?
have you reason to believe that this poor woman--?"
"i hardly know," broke in the barrister.
"i have no data to go upon, buti feel convinced that i shall ultimately establish her identity.
you,doctor, can help me much by telling me your surmises in addition to theknown facts."
the medico looked thoughtfully through the window before he exclaimed:"i am certain that the woman found in the thames came from the upperwalks of life.
notwithstanding the disfiguring effects of the water andrough usage, any medical man can rapidly appreciate the caste of hissubject.
she was, i should say, a woman of wealth and refinement, onewho led an orderly, well-regulated life, whose surroundings were normaland healthy."
bruce thanked his informant and hurried back to london.
a telegramto inspector white preceded him.
he had not long reached hisvictoria-street chambers when the detective was announced.
he soon madeknown his wishes.
"i want you to give me that small piece of iron foundin the head of the woman at putney," he said.
"if necessary, i willreturn it in twenty-four hours."
mr. white's face showed some little sign of annoyance.
"it is againstthe rules," he began; but bruce curtly interrupted him.
"very well, i will make direct application to the commissioner."
"i was going to say, mr. bruce, that although not strictly in accordancewith orders, i will make an exception in your case."
and the detectiveslowly produced the _piece de conviction_ from a large pocket-book.
in sober fact, the police officer was somewhat jealous of the cleverlawyer, who saw so quickly through complexities that puzzled his slowerbrain.
he was in nowise anxious to help the barrister in his inquiries,though keenly wishful to benefit by his discoveries, and follow out histheories when they were defined with sufficient clearness.
bruce did not at first take the proffered article.
"let me understand, mr. white," he said.
"do you object to my presencein this inquiry?
are you going to hinder me or help me?
it will savemuch future misunderstanding if we have this point settled now."
the detective flushed at this direct inquiry.
"i will be candid withyou, mr. bruce.
it is true i have been vexed at times when you haveoverreached me; but i regret it immediately.
it is foolish of me to tryand solve problems by your methods.
kindly forget my momentarydisinclination to hand over the only genuine link in the case."
"in what case?"
"in the case of lady dyke's disappearance."
then you think it is in some way connected with the woman found atputney?"
"i am sure of it.
the woman at putney, whether lady dyke herself or noti cannot tell, wore some of her ladyship's clothes.
when we haveascertained the means and the manner of the death of the woman buried atputney we shall not be far from learning what has become of lady dyke."
"how have you identified the clothes?"
"i managed to gain the confidence of the lady's maid, who gave evidenceat the inquest.
she, of course, is quite positive that the body was notthat of her mistress, but when i had examined some of lady dyke's lineni no longer doubted the fact."
"if you knew all this, how comes it that more did not transpire at thecoroner's inquiry?"
"in such affairs an inquest is rather a hindrance to the police.
it isbetter to lull the guilty person or persons into the belief that thecrime has passed into oblivion.
they know as well as we do that ladydyke is buried at putney.
we have failed to establish her identity bythe evidence of the husband and servants.
the linen and clothes, oursole effective testimony, remain in our possession; so, takingeverything into consideration, i prefer that matters should remain asthey are for the present."
"really, mr. white, i congratulate you.
you will perhaps pardon me forsaying that some of your colleagues do not usually take so sensible aview."
the policeman smiled at the compliment.
"i am learning your method, mr.bruce," he said.
as he spoke, smith entered with a note endorsed "urgent."
it was in the handwriting of sir charles dyke, and even theimperturbable barrister could not resist an exclamation of amazementwhen he read:     "my dear bruce,--my wife's maid has vanished.
she has not been     near the house for three days.
the thing came to my ears owing     to gossip amongst the servants.
there is something maddening     about these occurrences.
i really cannot stand any more.
do     come to see me, there's a good fellow."
"well, i'm jiggered!"
said the detective.
"the blessed girl must havebeen spirited away a few hours after i saw her.
maybe, mr. bruce, we areall wrong.
has she gone to join her mistress?"
"possibly--in the next world."
nothing would shake the barrister's belief that alice, lady dyke, wasdead.
really, the maid deserved to have her ears pulled.
people in her walk in life should not ape their betters.
lady dyke,owing to her position, was entitled to some degree of oddity or mysteryin her behavior.
but for a lady's maid to so upset the entire householdat wensley house, portman square, was intolerable.
sir charles became, if possible, more miserable; the butler fumed; thehousekeeper said that the girl was always a forward minx, and thefootman winked at buttons, as much as to say that he knew a good deal ifhe liked to talk.
the police were as greatly baffled by this latter incident as by itspredecessor.
the movements of the maid were quite unknown.
no one couldtell definitely when she left the house.
her fellow-servants describedthe dress she probably wore, as all her other belongings were in herbedroom; but beyond the fact that her name was jane harding, and thatshe had not returned to her home in lincolnshire, the police could findno further clue.
so, in brief, jane harding quickly joined lady dyke in the limbo offorgetfulness.
bruce, however, forgot nothing.
indeed, he rejoiced at this newdevelopment.
"the greater the apparent mystery," he communed, "the less it is inreality.
we now have two tracks to follow.
they are both hidden, it istrue, but when we find one, it will probably intersect the other."
the new year was a few days old when bruce made his first step throughthe bewildering maze which seemed to bar progress on every side.
hereceived a report from the man, a pensioned police-officer, who hadconducted a painstaking search into the history and occupation of everyinhabitant of raleigh mansions.
two items the barrister fastened on to at once.
12, top floor right, entrance by first door on sloane    square side, is a small flat occupied by a man named sydney h.    corbett.
he passes as an american, but is probably an englishman    who has resided in the united states.
he does not mix with other    americans in london, and is of irregular habits.
he frequents    race meetings and sporting clubs, is reported to belong to a    piccadilly club where high play is the rule, and has no definite    occupation.
he occasionally visits a lady who lives at no.
61,    same mansions, ground floor, and sixth door.
they have been    heard to quarrel seriously, and the dispute appears always to    have concerned money.
corbett went to monte carlo early in    december.
his address there is 'hotel du cercle,' and the local    post-office has a supply of stamped and addressed envelopes in    which to forward his correspondence.
61, as already described, resides mrs. gwendoline    hillmer.
she lives in good style, rents a brougham and a    victoria, and is either a wealthy widow or maintained by some    one of means.
she dresses well, and goes out a good deal to    theatres, but otherwise leads a rather lonely life.
her most    frequent visitor is, or was, a gentleman who looked like an    officer in the guards, and, much less often, the aforesaid    sydney h. corbett.
her servants, except the maid, live out.
the    maid, who is a sort of companion, is talkative, but does not    know much, or, if she does, will not speak."
bruce weighed these statements very carefully.
they did not contain anypositive facts that promised well for the elucidation of lady dyke'svisit to the mansions on that fateful november evening, but the absolutecolorlessness of the reports concerning the other occupants renderedthem quite impossible of individual distinction.
after an hour of puzzled thought the barrister finally decided upon acourse of action.
he would see mrs. gwendoline hillmer, and trust toluck in the way of discoveries.
a quiet smile lit up his handsome, regular features as he proceeded toarray himself in the most fashionable clothes he possessed, paying theutmost attention to every detail in a manner that amazed his valet.
when at last that worthy was despatched to the nearest florist's for a_boutonniere_, he communicated his bewilderment to the hall-porter.
"my guv'nor's going out on the mash," he said confidentially.
"i thoughthe would never look at a woman; but, bless you, jim, we're all alike.
when the day comes we all rush after a petticoat."
it was nearly six o'clock when bruce walked down victoria street.
forsome reason, he did not call a hansom, and it was almost with a startthat he found himself purchasing a ticket to sloane square at theunderground railway office.
at this precise hour and place he had lastseen lady alice on earth.
the memory nerved him to his purpose.
a few minutes later he pressed the electric bell of no.
as he listened to the slight jar of the indicator within, hesmiled at the apparent fatuity of his mission.
he had one card, perhaps a weak one, to play, it was true, but he hopedthat circumstances might prevent this from being tabled too early in thegame.
the door opened, and a youthful housemaid stood before him, the simplewonder in her eyes showing that such visitors were rare.
"is mrs. hillmer at home?"
"i'll see sir, if you give me your name."
"surely you know whether or not she is at home?"
the girl stammered and blushed at this unexpected query.
"well, sir,"she said, "my mistress is in, but i do not know if she can receive anyone.
she is dressed to go out."
now, take her my card, and say that while i will notdetain her, my business is very important."
this with a sweet smile thatput the flurried maid entirely at her ease.
the girl withdrew, after hesitating for a moment to decide the importantquestion as to whether or not she should close the door in his face.
another smile, and she did not.
he was thus free to note the luxurious and tasteful air of the generalappointments, for the entrance hall usually reveals much of thecharacteristics of the inmates.
here was every evidence of refinementand wealth.
all the display had not been lavished on the drawing-room.
as he waited, conscious of the fact that his colloquy with the servanthad been overheard, a lady crossed from one room to the other at the endof the passage.
her smart but simple dress, and the quick scrutiny shegave him, as though discovering his presence accidentally, caused himto believe--rightly, as it transpired--that this was the maid-companiondescribed by his assistant.
not only had she obviously made her appearance in order to look at him,but the housemaid had carried his message to a different section of theflat.
the girl returned.
"my mistress will see you in a few minutes," shesaid.
"will you kindly step into the dining-room?"
he followed her, sat down in a position where the strong glare of theelectric lamps would fall on any one who stood opposite, and waiteddevelopments.
the furniture was solid and appropriate, the carpet rich, and thepictures, engravings for the most part, excellent.
this pleasant room,warmed by a cheerful fire, impressed bruce as a place much used by thehousehold.
books and work-baskets were scattered about, and a piano,littered with music, filled a corner.
there were a few photographs ofpersons and places, but he had not time to examine these before the ladyof the house entered.
her appearance, for some reason inexplicable to the barrister himself,took him by surprise.
she was tall, graceful, extremely good-looking,and dressed in a style of quiet elegance.
just the sort of woman onewould expect to find in such a well-appointed abode, yet more refined inmanner than bruce, from his knowledge of the world, thought he wouldmeet, judging by the hasty inferences drawn from his subordinate'sreport.
she was self-possessed, too.
with calm tone, and slightlyelevated eyebrows, she said:"you wish to see me, i understand?"
allow me first to apologize for the hour at which i have called."
"no apology is necessary.
but i am going out.
perhaps you will be goodenough not to detain me longer than is absolutely necessary."
she stood between the table and the door.
bruce, who had risen at herentrance, was at the other side of the room.
her words, no less than herattitude, showed that she desired the interview to be brief.
but thebarrister resolved that he would not be repelled so coolly.
advancing, with a bow and that fascinating smile of his, he said,pulling forward a chair:"won't you be seated?"
the lady looked at him.
she saw a man of fine physique and undoubtedgood breeding.
there was no reason to be rude to him, soshe sat down.
claude drew a chair to the other side of the hearthrug, and commenced:"i have ventured to seek this interview for the purpose of making someinquiries."
"i thought so.
are you a policeman?"
the words were blurted outimpetuously, a trifle complainingly, but bruce gave no sign of theinterest they had for him.
"good gracious, no," he cried.
"why should you think that?"
"because two detectives have been bothering me, and every other personin these mansions, about some mysterious lady who called here two monthsago.
they don't know where she called, nor will they state her name; asif any one could possibly know anything about it.
so i naturally thoughtyou were on the same errand."
"confound that rascal white," growled he to himself.
but mrs. hillmer went on: "if that is not your business, would you mindtelling me what it is?"
now bruce's alert brain had been actively engaged during the last fewseconds.
this woman was not the clever, specious adventuress he had halfexpected to meet.
it seemed more than ever unlikely that she could haveany knowledge of lady dyke or the causes that led to her disappearance.
he was tempted to frame some excuse and take his departure.
but thecertainty that his missing friend had visited raleigh mansions, and thenecessity there was for exploiting every line of inquiry, impelled himto adopt this last resource.
"it is not concerning a missing lady, but concerning a missing gentlemanthat i have come to see you."
the shot went home.
why, for the life of him, he could not tell, but his companion wasmanifestly disturbed at his words.
"oh," she said.
then, after a little pause: "may i ask his name?"
he is known as mr. sydney h.
she gave a slight gasp.
"why do you put it in that way?
is not that his right name?"
"i have reason to believe it is not."
mrs. hillmer was so obviously distressed that bruce inwardly reviledhimself for causing her so much unnecessary suffering.
in allprobability, the source of her emotion had not the remotest bearingupon his quest.
then came the pertinent query, after a glance at his card, which shestill held in her hand:"who are you, mr.--mr. claude bruce?"
"i am a member of the bar, of the inner temple.
my chambers are no.
7paper buildings, and my private residence is given there."
"and why are you interested in mr. sydney corbett?"
"ah, in that respect i am at this moment unable to enlighten you."
"unable, or unwilling?"
he indulged in a quiet piece of fencing:"really, mrs. hillmer," he said, "i am not here as in any sense hostileto you.
i merely want some detailed information with regard to thisgentleman, information which you may be able to give me.
that is all."
all this time he knew that the woman was scrutinizing himnarrowly--trying to weigh him up as it were, not because she feared him,but rather to discover the true motive of his presence.
personally, he had never faced a more difficult task than thismake-believe investigation.
he could have laughed at the apparent wantof connection between lady dyke's ill-fated visit to raleigh mansionsand this worrying of a beautiful, pleasant-mannered woman, who wassurely neither a principal nor an accomplice in a ghastly crime.
"well, i suppose i may consider myself in the hands of counsel.
tell mewhat it is you want to know!"
mrs. hillmer pouted, with the air of achild about to undergo a scolding.
"are you acquainted with mr. corbett's present address?"
i have neither seen him nor heard from him since early innovember."
"can you be more precise about the period?"
she arose, took from a drawer in the sideboard a packetof bills--receipted, he observed--searched through them and found thedocument she sought.
"i purchased a few articles about that time," sheexplained, "and the account for them is dated november 15. i had notseen my--" she blushed, became confused, laughed a little, and went on.
"i had not seen mr. corbett for at least a week before that date--saynovember 8th or 9th."
lady dyke disappeared on the evening of the 6th!
bruce swallowed his astonishment at the odd coincidence of dates, for hesaid, with an encouraging laugh, "out with it, mrs. hillmer.
you wereabout to describe mr. corbett correctly when you recollected yourself."
mrs. hillmer, still coloring and becoming saucily cheerful, cried, "whyshould i trouble myself when you, of course, know all that i can tellyou, and probably more?
he is my brother, and a pretty tiresome sort ofrelation, too."
"i am obliged for your confidence.
in return, i am free to state thatyour brother is now in the south of france."
"as you are here, mr. bruce," she said, "i may as well get some advicegratis.
can people writ him in the south of france?
can they ask me topay his debts?"
"under ordinary circumstances they can do neither.
certainly not thelatter."
"i hope not.
but they sometimes come very near to it, as i know to mycost."
mrs. hillmer hesitated.
her smile was a trifle scornful, and her colorrose again as she answered: "people are not averse to taking advantageof circumstances.
i have had some experience of this trait indebt-collectors already.
but they must be careful.
you, as a legal man,must know that demands urged on account of personal reasons may comevery near to levying blackmail."
"surely, mrs. hillmer, you do not suspect me of being a dun.
you could never be in debt to me."
"very nice of you.
don't you represent those people on leadenhallstreet, then?"
"messrs. dodge & co.""no; why do you ask?"
"because my brother entered into what he called a 'deal' with them.
heunderwrote some shares in a south african mine, as a nominal affair, hetold me, and now they want him to pay for them because the company isnot supported by the public."
"no, i do not represent dodge & co.""is there something else then?
whom do you represent?"
"to be as precise as permissible, i may say that my inquiries in nosense affect financial matters."
"well, there is a woman in the case."
mrs. hillmer was evidently both relieved and interested.
"no, you don't say," she said.
"tell me all about it.
i never knewbertie to be much taken up with the fair sex.
i am all curiosity.
he did not take advantage of the mention of a name which in no way stoodfor sydney.
besides, perhaps the initial stood for herbert.
he resolvedto try another tack.
glancing at his watch he said: "it is nearly seven o'clock.
i havealready detained you an unconscionable time.
you were going out.
permitme to call again, and we can discuss matters at leisure."
he rose, and the lady sighed: "you were just beginning to beentertaining.
i was only going to dine at a restaurant.
i am quite tiredof being alone."
was it a hint?
he would see.
"are you dining by yourself, then, mrs.
"i hardly know.
i may bring my maid."
claude now made up his mind.
"may i venture," he said, "after such aninformal introduction, to ask you to dine with me at the prince'srestaurant, and afterwards, perhaps, to look in at the jollity theatre?"
the lady was unfeignedly pleased.
she arranged to call for him in herbrougham within twenty minutes, and bruce hurried off to victoria streetin a hansom to dress for this unexpected branch of the detectivebusiness.
when he told his valet to telephone to the restaurant and the theatrerespectively for a reserved table and a couple of stalls, that worthychuckled.
when his master entered a brougham in which was seated a fur-wrappedlady, the valet grinned broadly.
"i knew it," he said.
"the guv'nor's onthe mash.
now, who would ever have thought it of him?"
by tacit consent, claude and his fair companion dropped for the hour therôles of inquisitor and witness.
they were both excellent talkers, they were mutually interested, andthere was in their present escapade a spice of that romance not solacking in the humdrum life of london as is generally supposed to be thecase.
bruce did not ask himself what tangible result he expected from thisquaint outcome of his visit to sloane square.
it was too soon yet.
hemust trust to the vagaries of chance to elucidate many things nowhidden.
meanwhile a good dinner, a bright theatre, and the society of asmart, nice-looking woman, were more than tolerable substitutes forprogress.
as a partial explanation of his somewhat eccentric behavior, hevolunteered a lively account of a recent _cause celebre_, in which hehad taken a part, but the details of which had been rigidly kept fromthe public.
he more than hinted that mr. sydney corbett had figuredprominently in the affair; and mrs. hillmer laughed with unrestrainedmirth at the unwonted appearance of her brother in the character of alothario.
"tell me," said bruce confidentially, when a couple of glasses of moët'89 had consolidated friendly relations, "what sort of a fellow is thisbrother of yours?"
"not in any sense a bad boy, but a trifle wild.
he will not live anordinary life, and at times he has been hard pressed to live at all.
asa matter of fact, it is this scrape he blundered into with messrs. dodge& co. that induced him to masquerade temporarily under an assumed name."
"then what is his real name?"
"ah, now you are pumping me again.
i refuse to tell."
"but there are generally serious reasons when a man disguises himself insuch fashion."
"the reason he gave me was that he dreaded being writted for liabilityregarding the shares i mentioned to you.
it was good enough.
now youcome with this story of meddling with somebody else's wife.
surely thisis an additional reason.
i supplied him with funds until we quarrelled,and then he went off in a huff."
"what did you quarrel about?"
"that concerns me only."
mrs. hillmer was so emphatic that bruce droppedthe subject.
when they drove to the theatre mrs. hillmer, on alighting at theentrance, said to her coachman, "you may return home now, and bringdobson to meet me at 11.15."
"may i venture to inquire who dobson is?"
dobson is my maid."
this woman puzzled him the more he saw of her.
he was now quite positivethat she lived on the fringe of society.
her status was, at the best,dubious.
yet he had never heard of her before, nor met her in public.
none of his friends were known to her, and she mentioned no onebeyond those popular personages who are _connu_ of all the world.
she was obviously wealthy and refined, with more than a spice ofunconventionality.
at times, too, beneath her habitual expressionsof lively and vivacious interest, there was a touch of melancholy.
for an instant her face grew sad when her eyes rested on a typicalfamily party of father, mother, and two girls who occupied seats in therow of stalls directly in front of her.
for some reason bruce felt sorry for mrs. hillmer.
he regretted that theexigencies of his quest forced him to make her his dupe, and he resolvedthat, if by any chance her scapegrace brother were concerned in ladydyke's death, mrs. hillmer should, if possible, be spared personalhumiliation or disgrace.
indeed, he had formed such a favorable opinion of her that he had madeup his mind to conduct his future investigations without causing her toassist involuntarily in putting a halter around her relative's neck.
nevertheless, it was impossible to avoid getting some furtherinformation, as the lady herself paved the way for it.
her commentsbetrayed such an accurate acquaintance with the technique of the stagethat he said to her, "you must have acted a good deal?"
"no," she said, "not very much.
but i was stage struck when young."
"but you have not appeared in public?"
"yes, some six years ago.
i worked so hard that i fell ill, andthen--then i got married."
"do you go out much to theatres, nowadays?"
it is lonely by oneself, and there are so few plays worthseeing."
bruce wondered why she insisted so strongly upon the isolation of herexistence.
in his new-found sympathy he forebore to question, and shecontinued:"when i do visit a theatre i amuse myself mostly by silent criticism ofthe actors and actresses.
not that i could do better than many of them,or half so well, but it passes the time."
"i hope you do not regard killing time as your main occupation?"
"it is so, i fear, however hard i may strive otherwise."
and again thatshadow of regret darkened the fair face.
some one in front turned round and glared at them angrily, for thefamous comedian, mr. prospect ricks, was singing his deservedly famoussong, "it was all because i buttoned up her boots," so the conversationdropped for the moment.
claude focussed his opera-glasses on the stage.
while his eyes wanderedidly over the pretty faces and shapely limbs of the coryphées his brainwas busy piecing together all that he had heard.
the odd coincidence ofthe dates of lady dyke's murder and the speedy departure of theself-styled sydney corbett for the riviera would require a good deal ofexplanation by the latter gentleman.
true, it was not the barrister's habit to jump at conclusions.
theremight be a perfectly valid motive for the journey.
if the man did notdesire his whereabouts to be known, why did he leave his address at thepost-office?
and, then, what possible reason could lady dyke have in visiting himvoluntarily and secretly at his chambers in raleigh mansions?
thisvirtuous and high-principled lady could have nothing in common with acareless adventurer, taking the most lenient view of his sister'sdescription of him.
and as bruce's subtle brain strove vainly to matchthe queer fragments of the puzzle, his keen eyes roved over the stage inaimless activity.
suddenly they paused.
his power of vision and mental analysis werealike inadequate to the new and startling fact which had obtrudeditself, unasked and unsought for, upon his sight.
among the least prominent of the chorus girls, posturing and moving withthe stiffness and visible anxiety of the novice, who is not yetaccustomed to the glare of the footlights upon undraped limbs, was onein whose every gesture bruce took an absorbing interest.
he was endowed in full measure with that prime requisite in thedetection of criminals, an unusually good memory for faces, togetherwith the artistic faculty of catching the true expression.
hence it was that, after the whirl of a dancing chorus had for a fewseconds brought this particular member of the company close to theproscenium, bruce became quite sure of having developed at least onebranch of his inquiry within measurable distance of its conclusion.
the girl on the stage was jane harding, lady dyke's maid.
when her features first flashed upon his conscious gaze he could hardlycredit the discovery.
but each instant of prolonged scrutiny placed thefact beyond doubt.
not even the make-up and the elaborate wig couldconceal the contour of her pretty if insipid face, and a slight trickshe had of drooping the left eyelid when thinking confirmed him in hisbelief.
so astounded was he at this sequel to his visit to the theatre, that heutilized every opportunity of a full stage to examine still further theappearance and style of this strange apparition.
when the curtain fell and jane harding had vanished, he was brought backto actuality by mrs. hillmer's voice.
"fie, mr. bruce.
you are taking altogether too much notice of one ofthe fair ladies in front.
which one is it?
the tall standard bearer orthe little girl who pirouettes so gracefully?"
"neither, i assure you.
i was taken up by wondering how a young womanmanages to secure employment in a theatre for the first time."
"i think i can tell you.
influence goes a long way.
then, a well-known agent may, for a nominal fee, get an openingfor a handsome, well-built girl who has taken lessons from eitherhimself or some of his friends in dancing or singing, or both."
"is such a thing possible for a domestic servant?"
"it all depends upon the domestic servant's circle of acquaintances.
asa rule, i should say not.
a theatre like this requires a higher averageof intelligence."
this, and more, bruce well knew, but he was only making conversation,while he thought intently, almost fiercely, upon the latest phase of hisstrange quest.
during the third act he devoted more time to mrs. hillmer.
if thatsprightly dame were a little astonished at the celerity with which heconducted her to her carriage and the waiting dobson, it was banished bythe nice way in which he thanked her for the pleasure she had conferred.
"the enjoyment has been mostly on my side," she cried, as he stood nearthe window of her brougham.
"come to see me again soon."
he bowed, and would have said something if an imperious policeman hadnot ordered the coachman to make way for the next vehicle.
so mrs.hillmer was whisked into the traffic.
from force of habit, he glanced casually at the crowd struggling throughthe exit of the theatre, and he caught sight of mr. white, who, toolate, averted his round eyes and strove to shield his portly form inthe portico of a neighboring restaurant.
he did not want to be bothered by the detective just then.
he lit acigarette, and mr. white slid off quietly into the stream of traffic,finally crossing the road and jumping on to a charing cross 'bus.
"so," said claude to himself, "white has been watching raleigh mansions,and watching me too.
'pon my honor, i shouldn't wonder if he suspectedme of the murder!
i'm glad i saw him just now.
for the next couple ofhours i wish to be free from his interference."
waiting a few moments to make sure that white had not detailed anaide-de-camp to continue the surveillance, he buttoned his overcoat tothe chin, tilted his hat forward, and strolled round to the stage doorof the jollity theatre.
the uncertain rays of a weak lamp, struggling through panes dulled bydirt and black letters, cast a fitful light about the precincts of thestage-door.
elderly women and broken-down men, slovenly and unkempt, kept furtiveguard over the exit, waiting for the particular "super" to come forthwho would propose the expected adjournment to a favorite public-house.
some smart broughams, a four-wheeler, and a few hansoms, formed a closeline along the pavement, which was soon crowded with the hundred oddhangers-on of a theatre--scene-shifters, gasmen, limelight men, membersof the orchestra, dressers, and attendants--mingling with the smallstream of artistes constantly pouring out into the cold night after acasual inquiry for letters at the office of the doorkeeper.
this being a fashionable place of amusement there were not wantingseveral representatives of the gilded youth, some obviously ginger-breador "unleavened" imitations, others callow specimens of the genuinearticle.
bruce paid little heed to them as they impudently peered beneath eachbroad-leafed and high-feathered hat to discover the charmer honored bytheir chivalrous attentions.
yet the presence of this brigade of light-headed cavaliers helped thebarrister far more than he could have foreseen or even hoped.
at last the ex-lady's maid appeared, dressed in a showy winter costumeand jaunty toque.
she was on very friendly terms with two older girls,on whom the stage had set its ineffaceable seal, and the reason was soonapparent.
"come along," she cried, her words being evidently intended to have aneffect on others in the throng less favored than those whom sheaddressed; "let us get into a hansom and go to scott's for supper.
she was on the step of a hansom when a tall, good-looking boy,faultlessly dressed, and with something of sandhurst or woolwich in hiscarriage, darted forward.
"hello, millie," he said to one of jane harding's companions.
a couple of fellows have come up with me for the night.
let's allgo and have something to eat at the duke's," thereby indicating awell-known club usually patronized by higher class artistes than thistrio.
after a series of introductions by christian names, among which brucefailed to catch the word "jane," the party went off in three hansoms, apair in each.
claude was not a member of the "duke's," though he had often been there.
but there was a man close at hand who was a member of everything inlondon that in any way pertained to things theatrical.
every one knewbilly sadler and billy sadler knew every one.
a brief run in a cabto a theatre, a restaurant, and another restaurant, revealed thelarge-hearted billy, drinking a whisky and soda and relating to afriend, with great gusto and much gesticulation, the very latest quarrelbetween the stage-manager and the leading lady.
he hailed claude withenthusiasm.
"'pon my soul, bruce, old chap, haven't seen you for an age.
where haveyou bin?
an' what's the little game now?"
mr. sadler was fully aware of the barrister's penchant for investigatingmysteries.
the two had often foregathered in the past.
"are you 'busy'"?
"not a bit.
see you at luncheon to-morrow at thegorgonzola.
well, what is it?"
"i want you to come with me to the 'duke's.'
there's a young lady therei'm interested in."
billy squeezed round in the hansom, which was now bowling across acorner of trafalgar square.
"you," he cried.
"after a girl!
is she in the profession?
is mammafrightened about her angel?
the correct figure for a breach just now, myboy, is five thou'."
"oh, it's nothing serious.
i will tell you all about it when mattershave cleared a bit.
it is a mere item in a really big story.
but, herewe are.
take me straight to the supper-room."
as they entered the comfortable, brightly lit club the strains of a bandcame pleasantly to their ears, and in a minute they were installed at acorner table in the splendid room devoted to the most cheery of allgatherings--a bohemian meal when the labors of the night are past.
bruce soon marked his quarry.
jane harding was in great form--eating,drinking, and talking at the same time.
"who is that, billy?"
he said, indicating the girl.
sadler carefully balanced his _pince-nez_ on his well-defined nose,gazed, and laughed: "goodness knows.
she's a new-comer, and not much atthe best.
do you know where she carries a banner?"
"at the jollity."
then here's our man"--for a mephistophelian gentleman was passingat the moment.
"say, rosenheim, who's the new coryphée over there?"
mephistopheles halted, looked at jane and laughed, too.
"her name ismiss marie le marchant; but as she happened to be born in london shepronounces it mahrie lee mahshuns, with the accent on the 'mahs.'
anything else you would like to know?"
"yes, i'm stuck on her!
where did you pick her up?"
"she's a housemaid, or something of the sort.
came into money.
wants toknock 'em on the stige.
the rest is easy."
"has she been with you long?"
put in claude, as their informant was theunder-manager of the jollity.
mr. rosenheim glanced at him.
sadler, he knew, had no interest in thegirl, and the barrister did not quite possess the juvenile appearancethat warranted such solicitude.
"she joined us just before christmas.
is she really worth alot of 'oof?"
"i should imagine not," laughed bruce; and mr. rosenheim joined anothergroup.
supper ended, marie and millie, and eke flossie, attended by theirswains, discussed coffee and cognac in the _foyer_.
chance separated miss le marchant, as she may now be known, momentarilyfrom the others, and bruce darted forward.
"good-evening," he said.
"i am delighted to meet you here."
the girl recognized him instantly.
she would have denied her identity,but her nerve failed her before those steadfast, penetrating eyes.
moreover, it was not an ill thing for such a well-bred, well-dressed manto acknowledge her so openly.
"good-evening, mr. bruce," she said, with a smile of assurance, thoughher voice faltered a little.
he resolved to make the situation easy.
"we have not met for such a long time," he said; "and i am simply dyingto have a talk with you.
i am sure your friends will pardon me if icarry you off for five minutes to a quiet corner."
with a simper, miss le marchant took his proffered arm, and they wentoff to an unoccupied table.
"now, jane harding," said he, with some degree of sternness in hismanner, "be good enough to explain to me why you are passing under afalse name, and the reasons which led you to leave sir charles dyke'shouse in such a particularly disagreeable way."
i only left in a hurry.
who had any right to stop me?"
"no one, in a sense, except that sir charles dyke may feel inclined toprosecute you."
"for what, mr.
this emancipated servant girl was not such a simpleton as she looked.
itwas necessary to frighten her and at the same time to force her to admitthe facts with reference to her sensational flight from wensley house.
"you must know," he said, "that sir charles dyke can proceed against youin the county court to recover wages in lieu of notice, and this wouldbe far from pleasant for you in your new surroundings."
"yes, i know that.
but why should sir charles dyke, or you, or any othergentleman, want to destroy a poor girl's prospects in that fashion?"
"surely, you must feel that some explanation is due to us for yourextraordinary behavior?"
"no, i don't feel a bit like it."
"but why did you go away?"
"to suit myself."
"could you not have given notice?
why was it necessary to create afurther scandal in addition to the disappearance of your unfortunatemistress?"
"i am sorry for that.
it was thoughtless, i admit.
if i had to act overagain i should have done differently.
but what does it matter now?"
"it matters this much--that the police must be informed of yourexistence, as they are searching for you, believing that you are in someway mixed up with lady dyke's death."
the girl started violently, and she flushed, rather with anger thanalarm, bruce thought, as he watched her narrowly.
"the police, indeed," she snorted; "what have the police to do with me?
a nice thing you're saying, mr.
"i am merely telling you the naked truth."
i don't care a pin for them or you.
have youanything else to say, because i wish to join my friends?"
the girl's language and attitude mystified him more than any precedingfeature of this remarkable investigation.
she was, of course, far bettereducated than he had imagined, and the difference between the hystericalwitness at the coroner's inquiry and this pert, self-possessed youngwoman was phenomenal.
rather than risk an open rupture, the barrister temporized.
"if you areanxious to quarrel with me, by all means do so," he said; "but that wasnot my motive in speaking to you here to-night."
miss le marchant shot a suspicious glance at him.
"then what was yourmotive," she said.
"chiefly to reassure my friend, your former master, concerning you; and,perhaps, to learn the cause of your very strange conduct."
"why should sir charles bother his head about me?"
"as i have told you.
because of the coincidence between your departureand lady--""oh yes, i know that."
then she added testily: "i was a fool not tomanage differently."
"so you refuse me an explanation?"
"no, i don't.
i have no reason to do so.
i came in for some money, andas i have longed all my life to be an actress i could not wait an hour,a moment, before i--before i--""before you tried to gratify your impulse."
"yes, that is what i wanted to say."
"but why not at least have written to sir charles, telling him of yourintentions?"
the fair marie was silent for a moment.
the question confused her.
"ihardly know," she replied.
"will you write to him now?"
"i don't see why i should."
not even when it was you who gave some of your mistress'sunderclothing to mr. white, by which means he was able to identify thebody found at putney as that of lady dyke?"
"mr. white told you that, did he?"
"then you had better get him to give you all further information, mr.bruce, as not another word will you get out of me."
she bounced up, fiery red, pluming herself for the fray.
"will you not communicate with sir charles?"
he said, utterly baffled bymiss le marchant's uncompromising attitude.
"perhaps i will and perhaps i won't.
mr. white, indeed!"
and she ran offto join her friends.
the barrister drove quietly homewards.
this was his summary of theevening's events: "i have found two women.
when i know all about them ishall be able to lay my hand on the person who killed lady dyke."
messrs. dodge & co., of leadenhall street, possessed business premisesof greater pretensions than bruce had pictured to himself from mrs.hillmer's description of their transactions with her brother.
not only were their offices commodious and well situated, but a liberaldisplay of gold lettering, intermingled with official brass platesmarking the registering offices of many companies, gave evidence of somedegree of importance--whether fictitious or otherwise bruce could notdetermine, as he scrutinized the exterior of the building on thefollowing morning.
moreover, workmen were even then busy in substituting the title "dodge,son & co., ltd.," for "messrs. dodge & company," the suggestive natureof the latter designation having perhaps proved a stumbling-block in theway of the guileless investor.
when the barrister entered the office, a busy place, a hive of manyclerks, and adorned with gigantic maps of the rand, west australia,cripple creek, and klondike, he asked for "mr.
his card procured him ready admission.
he was shown into an elaboratelyupholstered apartment of considerable size.
at the farther end, seatedin front of a gorgeous american desk, was a young man who ostentatiouslyfinished a letter and then motioned the barrister to a seat.
bruce was curious on the question of the age of the head of the firm.
"are you mr. dodge, or the son?"
he said, with the utmost gravity.
the other was taken back by this unexpected method of opening theconversation.
it annoyed him.
"i am the representative of the firm, sir, and fully able to deal withyour business, whatever it may be," he replied.
but it will simplify matters if i know exactly to whom i amaddressing myself."
after an uneasy shuffling in his seat--he could not guess what thiskeen-faced, earnest-eyed lawyer might want--the representative ofmessrs. dodge, son & co. (limited) explained that he was dodge, and thename of the firm had been adopted for general purposes.
"then there is no 'son,' i take it."
"yes, there is, sir,"--this with a snort of anger.
"how old is he?"
"what the dickens has that got to do with it?
will you kindly tell mewhat you want, sir, as my time is fully occupied?"
"just now i want to know how old the 'son' is?"
this calm persistence irritated mr. dodge beyond endurance.
"three years, confound you, and his sister is four months.
can i obligeyou with any more details concerning my family affairs?"
having purposely raised this man to boiling point by this harmlessmethod of examination, claude tackled the real business in hand.
he wasquite sure that a financial sharper in a temper was far more likely toblurt out the truth than if he were approached in a matter-of-factmanner.
"to begin with," he explained, never taking his eyes off the furiousface of mr. dodge, "i have called to ask for information with regard toyour dealings with mr. sydney h. corbett, of raleigh mansions, sloanesquare."
"i never heard of him in my life.
you have evidently come to the wrongoffice, mr.
"are you quite sure?"
"well, nearly so.
however, i can tell you in a moment, as it isimpossible for me to carry every name connected with several companiesin my memory."
mr. dodge recovered his temper now that he saw a chance of disconcertinghis caustic visitor.
he touched an electric bell, and told the answeringyouth to send mr. hawkins.
"my correspondence clerk," he explained loftily when hawkins entered.
"are we in communication with any one named sydney h. corbett, mr.
"have you ever heard the name?"
"that will do.
you may go.
you see you have come to the wrong shop, mr.
"yes, so i see."
the barrister kept looking at the back of mr. dodge's head, but made nomove.
mr. dodge became puzzled.
"now, mr. bruce," he cried, "you know the age of my son, and the extentof my information about mr. corbett.
is there anything else in which imay be of service?"
you do a great deal of underwriting, mostly for the flotation ofgold-mining companies?"
that is a branch of our business."
"i am interested in this class of undertaking, and i was given tounderstand that mr. corbett has had some dealings with you in a similarrespect for a considerable sum of money."
"the name is absolutely unknown to me."
so i gather.
i am sorry to hear it.
several clients of minehave money to invest in that way, and i naturally came to a firm whosename apparently figured largely in the transactions of mr.
it was good to see the manner in which mr. dodge metaphorically kickedhimself for his previous attitude.
his emotion was painful.
for quite anappreciable time he could not trust his sentiments to words.
at last he struggled to express himself.
"really, mr. bruce, if you had only put things differently.
don't yousee, it rather upset me when you came in and began jawing about theyoungsters.
and then you spring mr. corbett's name on me--a man of whomi have no sort of knowledge.
it must have been my firm of which yourfriends heard.
there is absolutely no other dodge in leadenhall street.
indeed, we are the only financial dodges--that is--er--messrs. dodge,son & co. (limited) are the only firm of the name dealing with financialmatters--in the city."
by this time bruce had assured himself that mr. dodge did not know mr.corbett's identity, and if mrs. hillmer's brother had changed his nameto conceal himself from dodge, it was likely to be successful.
"anyhow, i am here, mr. dodge," he said cheerfully, "so i may as wellenter into negotiations with you.
have you any good things in hand atthis moment?"
"some of the best.
we are just waiting for the market to ease a bit,and we shall have at least five splendid properties to place before thepublic.
by the way, do you smoke?"
bruce did smoke; and mr. dodge produced a box of excellent cigars.
thenhe warmed to his work.
"here is the prospectus of the golden halo mine, capital £150,000, forwhich the vendors are asking £140,000 in cash, with a working capital of£10,000.
the ore now in sight is estimated to produce two millionssterling, and the mine is not one-tenth developed.
we are offeringunderwriters ten per cent in cash, and there is not the slightest risk,as the shares will stand at a high premium within a few days after thelists--""it sounds most promising," said bruce; "but my principals are moreinterested in taking up concerns which have been already established,but in which, for want of sufficient capital, the vendors' shares have,by a process of reconstruction, come into the market.
if you haveanything of that kind--""the very thing," interrupted dodge excitedly.
"the springbok mine willjust suit 'em.
after all is said and done, golden halos are a bit in theair, between you and me.
but the springbok is a genuine article.
it wascapitalized for a quarter of a million, and the directors went toallotment on a subscription list of about £14,000.
this money has beenexpended, but twice the amount is necessary to develop the propertyproperly.
a call was made on the shares, but no one paid up, and thereis a talk of compulsory reconstruction.
believe me, money put into itnow will yield two hundred per cent in dividends within twelve months."
"there is a whiff of scent on this trail," said claude to himself.
headded aloud: "that looks promising.
can you give me details?"
"by all means.
here is the original prospectus."
bruce glanced throughthe document, which dealt with the springbok claims on the rand withmore candor than is usually exhibited in such compilations.
judging fromthe reports of several mining engineers of repute it really looked asif, this time, mr. dodge were speaking with some degree of accuracy.
"this reads well," said bruce.
"what proportion of share capital isfalling in on the reconstruction scheme?"
"i hold fifty thousand shares myself," cried dodge, "and though my moneyis locked up just now i am so convinced about this mine that i willmanage to pay the call myself.
roughly speaking, there are one hundredand fifty thousand shares to be underwritten at, say, three shillingseach."
"and who are the present holders?"
the barrister asked the question in the most unconcerned way imaginable,yet upon the answer depended the whole success or otherwise of thishitherto unproductive mission.
mr. dodge was manifestly anxious.
"i take it that we are talking with a definite view to business?"
the barrister hesitated.
even in the detection of a crime a man does notcare to tell a deliberate lie, and dodge's attitude so far had beencandid enough.
the springbok mine honestly looked to be a goodspeculative investment, so he resolved to place the proposition beforeone or two friends who dealt with similar matters, and who were fullyable to look after their own interests.
"yes," he answered, "i am here for that purpose.
if my principals likethis thing they will go in for it."
"then here is the vendors' list," said mr. dodge, taking a foolscapsheet from a drawer.
claude perused it nonchalantly.
his quick eyes took in each name andaddress out of half-a-dozen, and rejected all as being in no wayconnected with the man whose antecedents he was seeking.
yet, where possible, he left nothing to chance.
"have you any objection to a copy being made?"
mr. dodge hummed doubtfully.
"you see," went on the barrister, "it is best to be quite candid withpeople whom you wish to bring into risky if apparently high promisingventures.
i presume these gentlemen are moneyless.
if so, it is a factorin favor of your scheme.
should any of them be men of means, myprincipals would naturally ask why they did not themselves underwritethe shares."
mr. dodge was convinced.
"from that point of view," he criedemphatically, "they are above suspicion.
jot them down, sir."
the barrister armed himself with the necessary documents, and theyparted with mutual good wishes.
it was only after reflection that mr.dodge saw how remarkably little he had got out of the interview.
"he wasa jolly smart chap," communed the company promoter.
"i wonder what hewas really after.
and who the dickens is mr. sydney h. corbett?
anyhow,the springbok business is quite above board.
how can i raise the windfor my little lot?"
if mr. bruce had probed more deeply mr. dodge's holding, he would havebeen saved much future perturbation.
but, clever as he was, he did notknow all the methods of financial juggling practised by experts on thestock exchange.
a hansom brought him quickly to portman square.
in fulfilment of hispromise, he was about to place sir charles dyke in possession of hisrecent discoveries.
when the door of wensley house opened, the butler, thompson, whohappened to be in the hall, anticipated the footman's answer to bruce'sinquiry.
"sir chawles left yesterday for bournemouth, sir.
'e was that hovercomeby the weather an' his trouble that 'e has gone for a few days' rest atthe seaside.
if you called, sir, i was to tell you 'e would be glad tosee you there should you find it convenient to run down.
and, sir,you'll never guess who came 'ere this morning, as bold as brass."
"now, 'ow upon earth can you 'it upon things that way, sir?
it was 'er,'er very self.
and you ought to 'ave seen her airs.
'thompson,' sez she,'is sir chawles at 'ome?'
'no, 'e isn't,' sez i; 'but you're wanted atthe polis station.'
she was in a keb, and she 'ad asked a butcher's boyto pull the bell, so 'im and the cabby larfed.
'thompson,' she said,very red in the face, 'i'll 'ave you dismissed for your impidence.'
an'off she went.
did you ever 'ear anythink like it, sir?"
"no, thompson, miss harding is certainly a cool hand."
bruce walked to his chambers, and his stroll through the parks wasengrossed by one subject of thought.
it was not mrs. hillmer, norcorbett, nor dodge who troubled him.
what puzzled him more than all elsewas the "impidence" of jane harding.
bruce did not go to bournemouth.
he quitted london by the next mail, and after a wearisome journey ofthirty-six hours, found himself in the garden courtyard of the hotel ducercle at monte carlo.
refreshed by a bath and an excellent _déjeuner_, he decided to goquietly to work and search the visitors' book for himself without askingany questions.
the hotel du cercle was a popular resort, and it took himsome time, largely devoted to the elucidation of hieroglyphicsignatures, before he was quite satisfied that no one even remotelysuggestive of the name of sydney h. corbett had recorded his presence inthe hotel since the first week in november.
the barrister, for the first time, began to doubt mrs. hillmer.
twicehad her statements not been verified by facts.
it was with an expressionof keen annoyance at his own folly in trusting so much to a favorableimpression that he turned to the hotel clerk to ask if the name of mr.sydney h. corbett was familiar to him.
the courteous frenchman screwed up his forehead into a reflective frownbefore he answered: "but yes, monsieur.
me, i have not seen thegentleman, but he exists.
there have been letters--two, three letters."
has he received them?"
the attendant examined a green baize-covered board, decorated withdiamonds of tape, in which was stuck an assortment of letters, mostlyaddressed to american tourists.
"they were here!
they have gone!
then he has taken them!"
"yes," cried bruce; "but surely you know something about him?"
this hall is open to all the world."
"do you tell me that any one can come here and take any letters whichmay be stuck in that rack?"
"will the gentleman be pleased to consider?
many persons give theiraddress here days and weeks before they come to arrive.
some persons, inthe manner of monte carlo, do not wish their names to be known ofeverybody.
we cannot distinguish.
we do not allow the address of thehotel to be used improperly, if we know it; but there are nocomplaints."
the barrister did not argue the matter further.
he only said: "perhapsyou can tell me thus far, as i am very anxious to meet mr. corbett.
about how long is it since the last letter came for him?"
it came yesterday.
it was re-addressed from some placein london.
if possible, with the next one i will keep watch for mr.
so mrs. hillmer had not misled him.
the so-called corbett was in montecarlo, but had possibly disguised himself under another name.
again didbruce consult the hotel register, this time with the aid of the vendors'list in the springbok mine, but without result.
there was nothing for it but to familiarize himself with monte carlo andits _habitués_, awaiting developments in the chase of corbett.
injanuary, when london alternates between fog and sleet, it is not anintolerable thing to remain in forced idleness amid the sunshine andflowers of the riviera.
there are two ways of "doing" monte carlo.
youmay live riotously, lose your substance at the casino, and go home on afree ticket supplied by the proprietors of the gambling saloons, or youmay enjoy to the utmost the keen air, magnificent scenery, finepromenades, and excellent music--the two latter provided by the samebenevolent agency.
it is needless to say which of these alternatives appealed to claudebruce.
being a rich man, it was of no consequence to him to lose a fewlouis in backing the red for a five minutes' bit of excitement.
being asensible one, he then quitted the casino and went for a stroll in thegardens.
fashion, backed by the doctors, has decreed that no longer shallthe northern littoral of the mediterranean be the only haven ofrest for those afflicted with pulmonary complaints.
weak-chested andconsumptive people are now banished to the windless and icy altitudesof switzerland; so of recent years a walk through nice, mentone, ormonte carlo itself is not such a depressing experience as it was whenevery second person encountered was a hopeless invalid.
a pigeon-shooting match was in progress, and, as bruce fell in with afriend who took a prominent part in local life, the two entered the clubgrounds to watch the contest.
at the moment a handsome, well-set-up young englishman was shooting offa tie with a russian count.
a very pretty girl, with a delicate andrefined beauty enhanced by a pleasant expression, was taking a mostunfeminine interest in the slaughter of the pigeons by the englishman.
her eyes spoke her thoughts.
it was as if they said: "i do not want thebirds to be killed, but i want a certain person to win."
nine birds each had been grassed, and the russian was growing impatient.
the englishman was cool, his fair backer keenly excited.
the count firedand missed his tenth.
up rose the englishman's bird, and the girl couldnot restrain an impetuous "now!"
so the englishman missed also.
amidst the buzz of comment which arose, bruce said to his companion:"what's going on?"
"this is the final tie in the international.
it is a big prize, and eachman has backed himself heavily.
the two are albert mensmore and countbischkoff.
the girl has taken all the nerve out of mensmore.
baraccident, he is a goner."
the cynic was right.
in the thirteenth round the count alone scored, andsmiled largely in response to his antagonist's quiet congratulations.
asfor the girl, it was with difficulty she restrained her tears.
"i think that we have witnessed a tragedy," said bruce's acquaintance asthey walked off; and the barrister agreed with him.
he was sorry formensmore and his pretty supporter.
mayhap the loss of the match meant agreat deal to both of them.
that night he learned by chance that mensmore lived at the hotel ducercle.
he met him in the billiard-room and tried to inveigle him intoconversation.
but the young fellow was too miserable to respond to hisadvances.
beyond a mere civil acknowledgement of some slight act ofpoliteness, bruce could not draw him out.
next morning he saw mensmore again.
if the man looked haggard theprevious evening his appearance now was positively startling, that is,to one of bruce's powers of observation.
ninety-nine men out of ahundred would have seen that mensmore had not slept well.
bruce wasassured that, for some reason, the other's brain was dominated by someoverwhelming idea, and one which might eventuate in a tragic manner wereit to be allowed to go unchecked.
for some reason he took a good deal of interest in his unfortunatefellow-countryman, and determined to help him if the opportunitypresented itself.
it came, with dramatic rapidity.
during dinner he noticed that mensmore was in such a state of mentaldisturbance that he ate and drank with the air of one who is feverishlywasting rather than replenishing his strength.
soon after eight o'clock, at the hour when frequenters of the casino gothere in order to secure a seat for the evening's play, mensmore quittedthe dining-room.
bruce followed him unobstrusively, and was just in timeto see him enter the lift.
the barrister waited in the hall, having first secured his hat andovercoat from the bureau, where he happened to have left them.
even while he noted the descending lift, in which he could see mensmore,who had donned a light covert coat, the breast of which bulged somewhaton the left side, the hotel clerk came to him, triumphantly holding aletter.
"and now, monsieur," cried the clerk, "we shall see what we shall see."
the missive was addressed to the mysterious sydney h. corbett, and hadbeen forwarded by the sloane square post-office.
with a clang the door of the lift swung open and mensmore hastened out.
bruce had to decide instantly between the chance of seeing corbett withhis own eyes and pursuing the fanciful errand he had mapped out inimagination with reference to the stranger who so interested him.
"thank you," he said to the clerk.
"i am going to the casino for anhour; you will greatly oblige me by keeping a sharp lookout for any onewho claims the letter."
"monsieur, it shall have my utmost regard."
the barrister had not erred in his surmise as to mensmore's destination.
the young man walked straight across the square and entered the groundsof the famous casino.
indoors, an excellent band was playing a selection from "the geisha."
the spacious _foyer_ was fast filling with a fashionable throng;without, the silver radiance of the moon, lighting up gardens, rocks,buildings, and sea, might well have added the last link to the pleasantbondage that would keep any one from the gambling saloon that night; butmensmore heeded none of these things.
he passed the barrier, closely followed by bruce, crossed the _foyer_,and disappeared through the baize doors that guard the magnificent roomin which roulette is played.
round several of the tables a fairly considerable crowd had gatheredalready.
the more, the merrier, is the rule of the casino.
there issomething curiously fascinating for the gambler in the presence ofothers.
it would seem to be an almost ridiculous thing for a man tostalk solemnly up to a deserted board and stake his money on the chancesof the game merely for the edification of the officials in charge.
bruce entered the room soon after mensmore, and saw the latter elbowinghis way to a seat about to be vacated by a stout spanish lady, who hadrapidly lost the sum she allowed herself to stake each day.
she was one of those numerous players who bring to the casino a certainamount daily, and systematically stop playing when they have either losttheir money or won a previously determined maximum.
this method, in fact, when combined with a careful system, is the onlyone whereby even a rich individual can indulge in a costly pastime, and,at the same time, escape speedy ruin.
with a fair share of luck it maybe made to pay; with continuous bad fortune the loss is spread over sucha period that common sense has some opportunity to rescue the victimbefore it is too late.
claude took up a position from which he could note the actions of thestranger in whom he was so interested.
at first, mensmore stakednothing.
he placed a small pile of gold in front of him; he seemed tolisten expectantly to the _croupier's_ monotonous cry--"_vingt-sept_,_rouge_, _impair_, _passe_," or "_dixhuit_, _noir_, _pair_, _manque_,"and so on, while the little ivory ball whirred around the disc, and thelong rakes, with unerring skill, drew in or pushed forward the sums lostor won.
the dominant expression of mensmore's face as he sat and listened wasone of disappointment.
something for which he waited did not happen.
atlast, with a tightening of his lips and a gathering sternness in hiseyes, he placed five louis on the red, the number previously calledbeing thirteen.
for the next three attempts, each time with a five louis stake on theboard, mensmore backed the red, but still black won.
next to him, an italian, betting in notes of a thousand francs each,had quadrupled his first bet by backing the black.
both men rose simultaneously, the italian grinning delightedly at asmart parisienne, who joyously nodded her congratulations, theenglishman quiet, utterly unmoved, but slightly pallid.
he passed out into the _foyer_ and stopped to light a cigarette.
brucenoticed that his hand was steady, and that all the air of excitement hadgone.
these were ill signs.
there is no man so calm as he who has deliberatelyresolved to take his own life.
that mensmore was ruined, that he washopelessly in love with a woman whom he could not marry, and that he wasabout to commit suicide, bruce was as certain as though the facts hadbeen proved by a coroner.
but this thing should not happen if he could prevent it.
the band was now playing one of waldteufel's waltzes.
mensmore listenedto the fascinating melody for a moment.
he hesitated at the door of thewriting-room; but he went out, puffing furiously at his cigarette.
aguard looked at him as he turned to the right of the entrance, and madefor the shaded terraces overlooking the sea.
"a silent englishman," thought the man; and he caught sight of bruce,also smoking, preoccupied, and solitary.
"another silent englishman.
_mon dieu!_ what miserable lives theseenglish lead!"
and so the two vanished into the blackness of the foliage, while, withinthe brilliantly lighted building, the _frou-frou_ of silk mingled withsoft laughter and the sweet strains of music.
if it be true that extremes meet, then this was a night for a tragedy.
there were not many people in this part of the casino gardens.
a fewlove-making couples and a handful of others who preferred the chillyquietude of nature to the throng of the interior promenade, made up theoccupants of the winding paths that cover the seaward slope.
at last mensmore halted.
there was no one in front, and he turned tolook if the terrace were clear behind him.
he caught sight of bruce, butdid not recognize him, and leant against a low wall, ostensibly to gazeat the sea until the other had passed.
claude came up to him and cried cheerily:"hello!
is that you, mr. mensmore?
isn't it a lovely night?"
mensmore, startled at being thus unexpectedly addressed by name, wheeledabout, stared at the new-comer, and said, very stiffly:"yes; but i felt rather seedy in the casino, so i came here to bealone."
"of course," answered the barrister.
"you look a little out of sorts.
perhaps got a chill, eh?
it is dangerous weather here, particularly onthese heavenly evenings.
come back with me to the hotel, and have astiff brandy and soda.
it will brace you up."
mensmore flushed a little at this persistence.
"i tell you," he growled, "that i only require to be left in peace, andi shall soon recover from my indisposition.
i am awfully obliged to you,but--""but you wish me to walk on and mind my own business?"
"not exactly that, old chap.
please don't think me rude.
i am verysorry, but i _can't_ talk much to-night."
"so i understand.
that is why i think it is best for you to havecompany, even such disagreeable companionship as my own."
"confound it, man," cried the other, now thoroughly irritated; "tell mewhich way you are going and i will take the other.
why on earth cannotyou take a polite hint, and leave me to myself?"
"it is precisely because i am good at taking a hint that i positivelyrefuse to leave you until you are safely landed at your hotel.
indeed, imay stick to you then for some hours."
"the devil take you!
what do you mean?"
"exactly what i say."
"if you don't quit this instant i will punch your head for you."
you are recovering already.
but before you start active exercisetake your overcoat off.
that revolver in the breast pocket might go offaccidentally, you know.
besides, as i shall hit back, i might fetch myknuckles against it, and that would be hardly fair.
otherwise, i can doas much in the punching line as you can, any day."
this reply utterly disconcerted mensmore.
"look here," he said, avoiding bruce's steadfast gaze, "what are youtalking about?
what has it got to do with you, anyhow?"
"oh, a great deal.
my business principally consists in looking afterother people's affairs.
just now it is my definite intention to preventyou from blowing out your brains, or what passes for them."
"then all i can say is that i wish you were in jericho.
it is your ownfault if you get into trouble over this matter.
had you gone about yourbusiness i would have waited.
as it is--"it so happened that the guard, having nothing better to do, strolledalong the terraces by the same path that mensmore and bruce hadfollowed.
the first sight that met his astonished eyes, when in theflood of moonlight he discovered their identity, was the spectacle ofthese two springing at each other like a pair of wild cats.
"_parbleu_," he shouted, "the solitary ones are fighting!"
he ran forward, drawing his short sword, ready to stick the weapon intoeither of the combatants if the majesty of the law in his own personwere not at once respected.
in reality, the affair was simple enough.
mensmore made an ineffectualattempt to draw his revolver, and bruce pinioned him before he could gethis hand up to his pocket.
both men were equally matched, and it wasdifficult to say how the struggle might have ended had not thesword-brandishing guard appeared on the scene.
claude, even in this excited situation, kept his senses.
mensmore, blindwith rage and the madness of one who would voluntarily plunge into thevalley of the shadow, took heed of naught save the effort to rid himselfof the restraining clutch.
"put away your sword.
seize his arms from behind.
he is a suicide,"shouted the barrister to the gesticulating and shrieking frenchman.
fortunately, bruce was an excellent linguist.
the man caught mensmore'sarms, put a knee in the small of his back, and doubled him backwardswith a force that nearly dislocated his spine.
in the same instantclaude secured the revolver, which he promptly pocketed.
"it is well," he said to the guard.
"here is a louis.
say nothing, butleave us."
"monsieur understands that the honor of a french policeman--""i understand that if there is any report made of this affair to theauthorities you will be dismissed for negligence.
had this lunatic beenleft to your care he would now have been lying here dead.
do you doubtme?"
the guard hesitated.
"monsieur mentioned a louis," he said, for bruce'sfinger and thumb had returned the coin to his waistcoat pocket.
this transaction satisfactorily ended, bruce accosted mensmore, who wasawkwardly twisting himself to see if his backbone were all right.
"you are not hurt, i hope?"
"it is matterless.
why could you not let me finish the business in myown way?"
"because the world has some use for a man like you.
because you are amoral coward, and require support from a stronger nature.
because i didnot want to think of that girl crying her eyes out to-morrow when sheread of your death, or heard of it, as she assuredly would have done."
mensmore, though still furious at his fellow-countryman's interference,was visibly amazed at this final reference.
"what do you know about her?"
"nothing, save what my eyes tell me."
"they seem to tell you a remarkable lot about my affairs."
meanwhile i want you to give me your word of honor that youwill not make any further attempt on your life during the next sevendays."
"the word of honor of a disgraced man!
will you accept it?"
"you are a queer chap, and no mistake.
very well, i give it.
at the sametime, i cannot help dying of starvation.
i lost my last cent to-night atroulette.
i am hopelessly involved in debts which i cannot pay.
i haveno prospects and no friends.
you are not doing me a kindness, my dearfellow, in keeping me alive, even for seven days."
"you might have obtained your fare to london from the authorities of thecasino?"
i lost very little at roulette.
i am not such a fool.
my lossesare nearly all in bets over the pigeon-shooting match which i ought tohave won.
i was backing myself at a game where i was apparently sure tosucceed."
"until you were beaten by a woman's voice."
i am too dazed to wonder at you sufficiently.
yet i wouldhave lost fifty times for her sake, though it was for her sake that iwanted to win."
"come, let us smoke.
sit down, and tell me all about it."
they took the nearest seat, lighting cigarettes.
the guard, watchingthem from the shade of a huge palm-tree, murmured:"holy virgin, what madmen are these english!
they move apart, unknown;they fight; they fraternize; they consume tobacco--all within fiveminutes."
and he lovingly felt for the louis to assure himself that he was notdreaming.
"there is not much to tell," said mensmore, who had quite recovered hisself-control, and was now trying to sum up the man who had so curiouslyentered his life at the moment when he had decided to do away with it.
"i came here, being a poor chap living mostly on my wits, to go in forthe pigeon-shooting tournaments.
i won several, and was in fair funds.
then i fell in love.
the girl is rich, well-connected, and all that sortof thing.
she is the first good influence that has crossed my life, so ithought that perhaps my luck was now going to turn.
i backed myself forall i was worth, and more, to win the championship.
if it came off ishould have won over £3,000.
as it is, i owe £500, which must be paid onmonday.
my total assets, after i settled my hotel bill and sent a chequeto a chum who took some of my bets in his own name, was £16.
now i havenothing.
so you see--""yes," interrupted bruce, "it is a hard case.
but death is nosettlement.
nobody gets paid, and everybody is worried."
"my dear fellow, my life is in your keeping for seven days.
after that,i presume, i take myself in charge again."
the barrister took thought for a while before he inquired:"why did you go to the casino to-night, if you did not patronize thetables as a rule?"
the other colored somewhat and laughed sarcastically.
"just a final bit of folly.
i dreamt that my luck had turned."
"yes, last night.
three times did i imagine that i was playing roulette,and that after a certain number--whether thirteen or twenty-three i wasuncertain--turned up, there was a run of seventeen on the red.
the funnything is that i had an impression that the number was twenty-three,but with a doubt that it might be thirteen.
i remember, during asub-conscious state in the third dream, resolving to listen and lookmore carefully to discover the exact number.
but again things gotblurred.
the only clear point was that the run of seventeen on the redcommenced at once."
"well, i took my remaining cash, went to the casino, became a bitimpatient when neither number turned up for quite a while, and whenthirteen appeared i backed the red.
but four times it was the black thatwon."
"so i saw."
"have you been keeping guard over me?"
"yes, in a sort of way."
"you are a queer chap.
i can't help saying that i am obliged to you.
butit won't do any good.
i am absolutely dead broke."
"now listen to me.
i will pay your fare back to london and give yousomething to live on until i return a week hence.
then you must come tosee me, and i will help you into some sort of situation.
but you mustonce and for all abandon this notion of suicide."
"what about my debts?"
"confound your debts.
tell people to wait until you are able to paythem."
"and--and the girl?"
"if she is worth having she will give you a chance of making a livingsufficient to enable you to marry her.
she is of age, i suppose, and canmarry any one she likes."
mensmore puffed his cigarette in silence for fully a minute.
then hesaid:"you are a very decent sort, mr.--""bruce--claude bruce is my name."
"well, mr. bruce, you propose to hand me £10 for my railway fare, and,say, £5 for my existence, until we meet again in london, in exchange forwhich you purchase the rights in my life indefinitely, accidents andreasonable wear and tear excepted."
"make it £20, with five louis down, and i accept."
"why the stipulation?"
"i want to back my dream.
the number is twenty-three.
it evidently wasnot thirteen.
i want to see that thing through.
i will back the redafter twenty-three turns up, and if i lose i shall be quite satisfied."
"what if i refuse?"
"then i don't care a bit what happens during the next seven days.
afterthat, _au revoir_, should we happen to meet across the divide.
pleasemake up your mind quickly.
that run on the red may come and go while weare sitting here."
bruce opened his pocket-book.
"here," he said with a smile, "i will giveyou four hundred francs.
you will reach the maximum more quickly if youare right."
mensmore's face lit up with excitement.
"by jove, you are a brick," hesaid.
"so you really trust me?"
"then give me back my revolver."
without a word, bruce handed him the weapon.
mensmore extracted the cartridges and threw them into a clump of shrubs.
"come," he cried; "come with me to the casino.
you will see something.
this is not my own luck; it is borrowed.
they raced off, bruce himself being more fired with the zest of thething than he cared to admit.
within the casino all the tables were nowcrowded, but mensmore hurried to that at which he sat during his earliervisit.
"it was here that i played in my dream," he whispered, "soon after icame to it."
he edged through the onlookers, closely followed by bruce.
neither caredfor the scowls and injured looks cast at them by the people whom theyforced out of the way.
the italian, the winner of half an hour ago, had come back like a mothto the candle.
now he was getting his wings singed.
at last, with agroan, he hastily rose, but as a final effort flung the maximum, sixthousand francs, on the black.
the disc whirled and slowly slackened pace, the ball rested in one ofthe little squares, and the _croupier's_ monotonous words came:"_vingt-trois_, _rouge_, _impair_, _et passe_!"
out bounced the italian, and mensmore seized his chair, turning to brucewith white face as he murmured:"you hear!
the barrister nodded, and placed his hands on mensmore's shoulders asthough to steady him.
mensmore staked his ten louis on the red.
they became twenty, thenforty.
another whirl and they were eighty.
a fourth made them onehundred and sixty.
mensmore was now so agitated that the table and the players swam beforehis eyes.
but bruce, under the stress of exciting circumstances, had thegift of remaining preternaturally cool.
at the fifth coup the sum to mensmore's credit was £256.
he would haveleft it all on the table had not bruce withdrawn £16 in notes, as themaximum is £240.
when mensmore won the sixth and seventh coups a buzz of animatedinterest passed around the board.
people began to note the run on thered, together with the fact that a man was staking the maximum eachtime.
even the _croupiers_ cast fleeting glances at the new-comer, when,several times in succession, the long rake pushed across the table thelittle pile of money and notes.
thenceforth mensmore sat in a state of stupor more pronounced now thathe was playing and awake than when he dreamt he was playing.
each time he mechanically staked the maximum and received back twice asmuch, while the eager onlookers now burst into cries of wonder thatbrought others running from all parts of the room.
but bruce did not lose count.
when the red had turned up seventeen times, and the amount to mensmore'scredit was £3,128, he shook the latter violently as he was about toshove forward another maximum, and, of his own volition, placed themoney on the black.
"_douze_, _noir_, _pair et manque_," sang out the _croupier_, and brucehissed into mensmore's ear:"get up at once."
his strangely made acquaintance obeyed, gathered up his gold and notes,fastened them securely in an inner pocket, and the pair quitted thecasino amid extravagant protestations of good-will and friendship fromall the voluble foreigners present, having attracted not a littleattention from the less demonstrative americans and english in the room.
it was some time before the roulette tables began their orderly roundagain, for mensmore's sensational performance was in everybody's mouth.
the highest recorded sum is twenty-three on the black, but a run ofeighteen on the red is sufficiently remarkable to keep monte carlo intalk for a week.
albert mensmore certainly could not complain that the events of theparticular evening were dull.
for one hour at least he lived in the firethat consumes, for he stepped back from the porch of dishonored death tofind himself the possessor of a sum more than sufficient for hisreasonable requirements.
the pace was rapid and almost fatal.
once safe in the seclusion of claude's sitting-room mensmore almostcollapsed.
the strain had been a severe one, and now he had to pay thepenalty by way of reaction.
the barrister forced him to swallow a stiff brandy and soda, and thenwished him to retire to rest, but the other protested with some show ofanimation.
"let me talk, for goodness' sake!"
"i cannot be alone.
youhave seen me through a lot of trouble to-night.
stick to me for anotherhour, there's a good fellow."
perhaps it is the best thing you can do, after all.
letus see how much you have won."
bruce made a calculation on a sheet of paper and said: "exclusive of theoriginal stake of ten louis you ought to have £3,128."
mensmore pulled out of his pocket the crumpled bundle of notes andbills.
claude's notes were among them, and he tossed them across thetable with a smile.
"there's your capital.
i will see if the total is all right before we goshares."
claude nodded, and mensmore began to jot down the items of his valuablepackage.
he bothered with the figures for some time but could not getthem right.
finally he tossed everything over to the other, saying:"no matter how i count, i can't get this calculation straight.
seventeencoups, beginning with ten louis, work out at £3,128 all right enough.
but in this lot there is £3,368, and they don't pay twice at thecasino."
the barrister thought for a moment, and then laughed heartily.
"iremember now," he said; "i kept careful count of the series ofseventeen, or eighteen, to be exact.
on my own account, as you were toodazed to notice anything, i put a maximum on the black.
your dreamturned up trumps, as the series stopped and black won.
hence the odd£240."
"then that is yours," said the other gravely.
"i will take £1,128 tosquare all my debts, and we go shares in the balance, a thousand each,if you think that fair.
if not i will gladly hand over the lot, afterpaying my debts, i mean."
mensmore's seriousness impressed the barrister more than any otherincident of that dramatic evening.
"you forget," he replied, "that i told you i had money in plenty for myown needs.
you must keep every farthing except my own £8, which you donot now need.
please do not argue.
i will consent to no othercourse.
this turn of fortune's wheel should provide you with sufficientcapital to branch out earnestly in your career, whatever it be.
i willask my interest in different manner."
"i can never repay you, in gratitude, at any rate.
and there is anotherwho will be thankful to you when she knows.
ask anything you like.
makeany stipulation you please.
i agree to it."
"it is a bargain.
bruce took a sheet of notepaper, bearing the crest of the hotel ducercle, dated it, and wrote:     "i promise that, for the space of twelve months, i will not     make a bet of any sort, or gamble at any game of chance."
when mensmore read the document his face fell a little.
"won't youexcept pigeon-shooting?"
"i am sure to beat that russian nexttime."
"i can allow no exceptions."
"but why limit me for twelve months?"
"because if in that time you do not gain sense enough to stop riskingyour happiness, even your life, upon the turn of a card or the flight ofa bird, the sooner thereafter you shoot yourself the less trouble youwill bring upon those connected with you."
"you are a rum chap," murmured mensmore, "and you put matters prettystraight, too.
however, here goes.
you don't bar me from entering forsweepstakes."
he signed the paper, and tossed it over to bruce, while the latter didnot comment upon the limitation of his intentions imposed by mensmore'sfinal sentence.
the man undoubtedly was a good shot, and during hisresidence in the riviera he might pick up some valuable prizes.
"and now," said the barrister, "may i ask as a friend to what use youintend to put your newly found wealth?"
"oh, that is simple enough.
i have to pay £500 which i lost in bets overthat beastly unlucky match.
then i have a splendid 'spec,' into which iwill now be able to place about £2,000--a thing which i have good reasonto believe will bring me in at least ten thou' within the year, andthere is nearly a thousand pounds to go on with.
and all thanks to you."
"never mind thanking me.
i am only too glad to have taken such a part inthe affair.
i will not forget this night as long as i live."
"nor i. just think of it.
i might be lying in the gardens now, or insome mortuary, with half my head blown off."
"tell me," said bruce, between the contemplative puffs of a cigar, "whatinduced you to think of suicide?"
"it was a combination of circumstances," replied the other.
"you mustunderstand that i was somewhat worried about financial and familymatters when i came to monte carlo.
it was not to gamble, in a sense,that i remained here.
i have loafed about the world a good deal, but imay honestly say i never made a fool of myself at cards or backinghorses.
at most kinds of sport i am fairly proficient, and inpigeon-shooting, which goes on here extensively, i am undoubtedly anexpert.
for instance, all this season i have kept myself in funds simplyby means of these competitions."
his hearer nodded approvingly.
"well, in the midst of my minor troubles, i must needs go and fall overhead and ears in love--a regular bad case.
she is the first woman i everspoke two civil words to.
we met at a picnic along the corniche road,and she sat upon me so severely that i commenced to defend myself byshowing that i was not such a surly brute as i looked.
by jove, in aweek we were engaged."
the barrister indulged in a judicial frown.
it's none of your silly, sentimental affairs in which people partand meet months afterwards with polite inquiries after each other'shealth.
i am not made that way; neither is phil--phyllis is her name,you know.
this is for life.
i am just bound up in her, and she would gothrough fire and water for me.
but she is rich, the only daughter of amidland iron-master with tons of money.
her people are awfully nice, andi think they approve of me, though they have no idea that phil and iare engaged."
he paused to gulp down a strong decoction of brandy and soda.
thedifficult part of his story was coming.
"you can quite believe," he continued, "that i did not want to ask herfather, sir william browne--he was knighted by the late queen for hisdistinguished municipal services--to give his daughter to a chap whohadn't a cent.
he supposes i am fairly well off, living as i do, and ican't bear acting under false pretences.
i hate it like poison, thoughin this world a man often has to do what he doesn't like.
however, thistime i determined to be straight and above board.
it was a very oddfact, but i just wanted £3000 to enable me to make a move which, i tellyou, ought to result in a very fair sum of money, sufficient, at anyrate, to render it a reasonable proposition for phil and me to getmarried."
claude was an appreciative listener.
these love stories of real life areoften so much more dramatic than the fictions of the novel or the stage.
"the opportunity came, to my mind, in this big tournament.
i had nodifficulty of getting odds in six or seven to one to far more than i wasable to pay if i lost.
phil came into the scheme with me--she knows allabout me, you know--and we both regarded it as a certainty.
then thecollapse came.
she wanted to get the money from her mother to enable meto pay up, but i would not hear of it.
i pretended that i could raisethe wind some other way.
the fact is i was wild with myself and with myluck generally.
then there was the disgrace of failing to settle onmonday, combined with the general excitement of that dream and afearfully disturbed night.
to make a long story short, i thought thebest thing to do was to try a final plunge, and if it failed, to quit.
i even took steps to make phil believe i was a bad lot, so that shemight not fret too much after me."
mensmore's voice was a little unsteady in this last sentence.
thebarrister tried to cheer him by a little bit of raillery:"i hope you have not succeeded too well?"
"oh, it is all right now.
i mean that i left her some papers which wouldbring things to her knowledge that, unexplained by me, would give anyone a completely false impression."
the subject was evidently a painful one, so bruce did not pursue it.
"about this speculation of yours," he said.
"are you sure it's allright, and that you will not lose your money?"
"it is as certain as any business can be.
it is a matter i thoroughlyunderstand, but i will tell you all about it.
if you will pardon me amoment i will bring you the papers, as i should like to have youradvice, and it is early yet.
you don't want to go to bed, i suppose?"
"not for hours."
mensmore rose, but before he reached the door a gentle tap heralded theappearance of the hall-porter.
"there is a letter for the gentleman.
monsieur is not in his room.
he isreported to be here, so i bring it."
mensmore took the note, read it with a smile and a growing flush, andhanded it to the barrister, saying: "under the circumstances i think youought to see this.
isn't she a brick?"
the tiny missive ran:     "_dearest one_,--you must forgive me, but we are both so     miserable about that wretched money that i told mother     everything.
she likes you, and though she gave me a blowing up,     she has promised to give me £500 to-morrow.
we can never thank     her sufficiently.
do come around and see me for a minute.
i     will be in the verandah until eleven.
"ever yours,                         "phyllis."
claude returned the note.
you're the luckiest fellow in the south of france!"
"why, here's the mother plotting with the daughter on your behalf.
sirwilliam hasn't the ghost of a chance.
off you go to that blessedverandah."
when mensmore had quitted the hotel bruce descended to the bureau totake up the threads of his neglected quest.
the letter to sydney h.corbett was still unclaimed, and he thought he was justified inexamining it.
on the reverse of the envelope was the embossed stamp ofan electric-lighting company, so the contents were nothing moreimportant than a bill.
an hour later mensmore joined him in the billiard-room, radiant andexcited.
"great news," he said.
"i squared everything with lady browne.
told heri was only chaffing phil about the five hundred, because she spoiled myaim by shrieking out.
sir william has chartered a steam yacht to go fora three weeks' cruise along the gulf of genoa and the italian coast.
they have put him up to ask me in the morning to join the party.
what a night i'm having!"
they parted soon afterwards, and next morning bruce was informed thathis friend had gone out early, leaving word that he had been summoned tobreakfast at the grand hotel, where sir william browne was staying.
during the afternoon mensmore came to him like a whirlwind.
"we're offto-day," he said.
"by the way, where shall i find you in london?"
the barrister gave him his address, and mensmore, handing him a card,said, "my permanent address is given here, the orleans club, st.james's.
but i will look you up first.
i shall be in town early inmarch.
"oh, i shall be home much sooner.
good-bye, and don't let your good luckspoil you."
wait until you know phyllis.
she would keep any fellow allright once he got his chance, as i have done.
good-bye, and--and--godbless you!"
during the next three days bruce devoted himself sedulously to thesearch for corbett.
he inquired in every possible and impossible place,but the man had utterly vanished.
nor did he come to claim his letter at the hotel du cercle.
it remainedstuck on the baize-covered board until it was covered with dust, and theclerk of the bureau had grown weary of watching people who scrutinizedthe receptacle for their correspondence.
others came and asked for corbett--sharp-featured men with imperials andlong moustaches--the interest taken in the man was great, butunrequited.
he never appeared.
at last the season ended, the hotel was closed, and the mysteriousletter was shot into the dustbin.
bruce announced his departure from monte carlo by a telegram to hisvalet.
nevertheless, he did not expect to find that useful adjunct to hissmall household--smith and his wife comprised the barrister's_ménage_--standing on the platform at charing cross when the mailtrain from the continent steamed into the station.
smith, who had his doubts about this sudden trip to the riviera, wasrelieved when he saw his master was alone.
"sir charles dyke called thisafternoon, sir," he explained.
"i told sir charles about your wire, sir,and he is very anxious that you should dine with him to-night.
you candress at portman square, and if i come with you--""yes; i understand.
bundle everything into a four-wheeler."
"sir charles thought you might come, sir, so he sent his carriage."
london looked dull but familiar as they rolled across leicester squareand up regent street.
your true cockney knows that he is out of hislatitude when the sky is blue overhead.
let him hear the tinkle of thehansoms' bells through a dim, fog-laden atmosphere, and he knows wherehe is.
there is but one london, and cockneydom is the order ofmelchisedek.
claude's heart was glad within him to be home again, eventhough the band was just gathering in the casino gardens, and the lightsof monaco were beginning to gleam over the moon-lit expanse of themediterranean.
at wensley house the traveller was warmly welcomed by the baronet, whoseemed to have somewhat recovered his health and spirits.
nevertheless, bruce was distressed to note the ineffaceable signs of thesuffering sir charles dyke had undergone since the disappearance of hiswife.
he had aged quite ten years in appearance.
deep lines of sorrowfulthought had indented his brow, his face was thinner, his eyes hadacquired a wistful look; his air was that of a man whose theory of lifehad been forcibly reversed.
at first both men fought shy of the topic uppermost in their minds, butthe after-dinner cigar brought the question to dyke's lips:"and now, claude, have you any further news concerning mywife's--death?"
the barrister noted the struggle before the final word came.
the husbandhad, then, resigned all hope.
"i have none," he answered.
"that is to say, i have nothing definite.
ipromised to tell you everything i did, so i will keep my promise, butyou will, of course, differentiate between facts and theories?"
the baronet nodded an agreement.
"in the first place," said bruce, "let me ask you whether or not youhave seen jane harding, the missing maid?"
it seems that she called here twice before she caught me at home.
at first she was very angry about a squabble there had been betweenthompson and herself.
i refused to listen to it.
then she told me howyou had found her at some theatre, and she volunteered an explanationof her extraordinary behavior.
she said that she had unexpectedlycome into a large sum of money, and that it had turned her head.
shewas sorry for the trouble her actions had caused, so, under thecircumstances, i allowed her to take away certain clothes and otherbelongings she had left here."
"did she ask for these things?"
made quite a point of it."
"did you see them?"
"so you do not know whether they were of any value, or the usualcollection of rubbish found in servants' boxes."
"i have not the slightest notion."
"have they ever been thoroughly examined by any one?"
"'pon my honor, i believe not.
now that you remind me of it i think thegirl seemed rather anxious on that point.
i remember my housekeepertelling me that harding had asked her if her clothes had been ransackedby the detectives."
"and what did the housekeeper say?"
"she will tell you herself.
let us have her up."
"don't trouble her.
if i remember aright the police did not examine janeharding's room.
they simply took your report and the statements of theother servants, while the housekeeper was responsible for the partialsearch made through the girl's boxes for some clue that might lead toher discovery."
"that is so."
the barrister smoked in silence for a few minutes, until sir charlesbroke out rather querulously:"i suppose i did wrong in letting harding take her traps?"
"no," said bruce.
"it is i who am to blame.
there is somethingunderhanded about this young woman's conduct.
the story about the suddenwealth is all bunkum, in one sense.
that she did receive a bequest orgift of a considerable sum cannot be doubted.
that she at once decidedto go on the stage is obvious.
but what is the usual course for aservant to pursue in such cases?
would she not have sought first toglorify herself in the sight of her fellow-servants, and even of heremployers?
would there not have been the display of a splendiddeparture--in a hansom--with voluble directions to the driver, for thebenefit of the footman?
as it was, jane harding acted suddenly,precipitately, under the stress of some powerful emotion.
i cannot helpbelieving that her departure from this house had some connection,however remote, with lady dyke's disappearance."
"good heavens, claude, you never told me this before."
"true, but when we last met i had not the pleasure of miss marie lemarchant's acquaintance.
i wish to goodness i had rummaged her boxesbefore she carried them off."
"and i sincerely echo your wish," said sir charles testily.
"it alwaysseems, somehow, that i am to blame."
"you must not take that view.
i really wonder, dyke, that you have notclosed up your town house and gone off to scotland for the fag-end ofthe shooting season.
you won't hunt, i know, but a quiet life on themoors would bring you right away from associations which must havebitter memories for you."
"i would have done so, but i cannot tear myself away while there is theslightest chance of the mystery attending my wife's fate beingunravelled.
i feel that i must remain here near you.
you are the onlyman who can solve the riddle, if it ever be solved.
by the way, what ofraleigh mansions?"
the baronet obviously nerved himself to ask the question.
the reason waspatent.
his wife's inexplicable visit to that locality was in some wayconnected with her fate, and the common-sense view was that someintrigue lay hidden behind the impenetrable wall of ignorance thatshrouded her final movements.
bruce hesitated for a moment.
was there any need to bring mrs. hillmer'sname into the business?
at any rate, he could fully answer sir charleswithout mentioning her at this juncture.
"the only person in raleigh mansions who interests me just now is onewho, to use a convenient bull, is not there."
"this person occupies a flat in no.
12, his name is sydney h. corbett,and he left his residence for the riviera two days after your wife waslost."
"now, who on earth can _he_ be?
i am as sure as a man may be of anythingthat no one of that name was in the remotest way connected with eithermy wife or myself for the last--let me see--six years, at any rate."
but you cannot say that lady dyke may not have met himpreviously?"
the baronet winced at the allusion as though a whip had struck him.
"forheaven's sake, claude," he cried, "do not harbor suspicions against her.
i cannot bear it.
i tell you my whole soul revolts at the idea.
i wouldrather be suspected of having killed her myself than listen to a wordwhispered against her good name."
"i sympathize with you, but you must not jump at me in that fashion.
onehypothesis is as wildly impossible as the other.
i did not say that ladydyke went to raleigh mansions on account of some present or bygonetransgression of her own.
i would as soon think of my mother in such aconnection.
but a pure, good woman will often do on behalf of otherswhat she will not do for herself.
really, dyke, you must not be unjustto me, especially when you force me to tell you what may prove to bemere theories."
"i cannot say.
i wish i could.
if i once lay hold of the reason thatbrought lady dyke to raleigh mansions, i will, within twenty-four hours,tell you who murdered her.
of that i am as certain as that the sun willrise to-morrow."
and the barrister poked the fire viciously to give vent to the annoyancethat his friend's outburst had provoked.
"pardon me, bruce.
do not forget how i have suffered--what i amsuffering--and try to bear with me.
i never valued my wife while shelived.
it is only now that i feel the extent of my loss.
if my own lifewould only restore her to me for an instant i would cheerfully give it."
if ever man meant his words this man did.
his agitation moved the kindlyhearted barrister to rise and place a gentle hand on his shoulder.
"i am sorry, dyke," he said, "that the conversation has taken this turn.
these speculative guesses at potential clues distress you.
if you tookmy advice, you would not worry about events until at least somethingtangible turns up."
"perhaps it is best so," murmured the other.
"in any event, it is oflittle consequence.
i cannot live long."
you are good for another fifty years.
come, shake offthis absurd depression.
you can do no good by it.
i wish now i had takenyou with me to monte carlo.
the fresh air would have braced you up whilei hunted for corbett."
"did you find him?"
"no, but i dropped in for an adventure that would cheer the soul of anydepressed author searching vainly for an idea for a short story."
"what was it?"
claude, who possessed no mean skill as a _raconteur_, gave him thehistory of the casino incident, and the thrilling _dénouement_ sointerested the baronet that he lit another cigar.
"did you ascertain the names of the parties?"
you will respect their identity, as the sensational side of theaffair had better now be buried in oblivion, though, of course, all theworld knows about the way we scooped the bank.
the lady is a daughter ofsir william browne, a worthy knight from warwickshire, and her ratherrapid swain is a youngster named mensmore."
shouted the baronet.
"a youngster, you say?"
and sir charlesbounced upright in his excitement.
"why, yes, a man of twenty-five.
no more than twenty-eight, i can swear.
do you know him?"
"that's the man beyond doubt."
dyke hastily poured out some whiskey and water and swallowed it.
then hespoke, with a faint smile: "you didn't know, bruce," he said, "that youvividly described the attempted self-murder of a man i know intimately."
"what an extraordinary thing!
yet i never remember hearing you mentionhis name."
i have hardly seen him since my marriage.
we wereschoolboys together, though i was so much his senior that we did notchum together until later, when we met a good deal on the turf.
then hewent off, roughing it in the states.
it must be he.
it is just one ofhis pranks.
and he is going to marry, eh?
is she a nice girl?"
the baronet was thoroughly excited.
he talked fast, and helped himselfliberally to stimulants.
"yes, unusually so.
but i cannot help marvelling at this coincidence.
ithas upset you."
"not a bit.
i was interested in your yarn, and naturally i wasunprepared for the startling fact that an old friend of mine filled thechief part.
what a fellow you are, claude, for always turning up at theright time.
i have never been in a tight place personally, but if i werei suppose you would come along and show me the way out.
sit down againand give me all the details.
i am full of curiosity."
bruce had never before seen sir charles in such a hysterical mood.
theanguish of the past three months had changed the careless, jovialbaronet into a fretful, wayward being, who had lost control of hisemotions.
undoubtedly he required some powerful tonic.
the barristerresolved to see more of him in the future, and not to cease urging himuntil he had started on a long sea voyage, or taken up some hobby thatwould keep his mind from brooding upon the everlasting topic of hiswife's strange death.
dyke's fitful disposition manifested itself later.
after he had listenedwith keen attention to all that bruce had told him concerning mensmoreand phyllis browne, he suddenly swerved back to the one engrossingthought.
"what are you going to do about corbett?"
"people are always tied to a centre by a string, and no matter how longthe string may be, it contracts sooner or later.
corbett will turn up atraleigh mansions, and before very many weeks have passed, if i mistakenot."
"then he will have to answer me a few pertinent questions."
"but suppose he knows nothing whatever about the business?"
"in that case i must confess the clue is more tangled than ever."
"it would be curious if corbett and jane harding were in any wayassociated."
"if they were, it would take much to convince me that one or both couldnot supply at least some important information bearing on my--on ourquest.
if mr. white even knew as much as i do about them he would arrestthem at sight."
"oh, he's a thick-headed chap, is white.
by the way, that reminds me.
hegot hold of the maid, it seems, before she had bolted, and made her givehim some of my wife's clothes.
by that means he established some sort ofa theory about--""about a matter on which we differ," put in bruce quietly.
"let us talkof something else."
the other moved restlessly in his chair, but yielded.
for the remainderof the evening they discussed questions irrelevant to the course of thisnarrative.
it was late when they separated, but bruce found smith sitting up forhim at home.
that faithful servitor bustled about, stirring the fire and turning upthe lights.
finally he nervously addressed his master:"pardon me, sir, but there was a policeman here asking about youto-night, sir."
"well, sir, a detective--mr. white, of scotland yard.
i knew him, sir,though he did not think it.
he came about ten o'clock, and asked whereyou were."
"did you tell him?"
"well, sir," and smith shifted from one foot to the other, "i thought itbest to let him know the truth, sir."
"good gracious, smith, he is not going to handcuff me.
you did quiteright.
what did he say?"
"nothing, sir; except that he would call again.
he wouldn't leave hisname, but i know'd him all right."
it was unnecessary that you should have remainedup.
but i am obliged to you all the same."
the barrister laughed as he went to his room.
"really," he said tohimself, still highly amused, "white will cap all his previous feats bytrying to arrest me.
i suspect he has thought of it for a long time."
and mr. white _had_ thought of it.
is a favorite phrase with the makers of books; butfate, being feminine according to the best authorities, is also somewhatfickle in disposition.
not only is she not invariably inexorable, but attimes she delights to play with her poor subjects, to dazzle them withsurprise, as it were, to stupefy them with the sense of their sheerinability to foresee or understand her vagaries.
it was bruce's turn to receive the sharpest lesson in this respect thathe ever remembered.
at breakfast the next morning he selected from a packet of unimportantletters one which required immediate attention.
the financiers to whomhe had written in conformity with his implied promise to mr. dodge hadreplied favorably with reference to the reconstruction of the springbokmine.
they informed bruce confidentially that a thoroughly reliable man injohannesburg, to whom they had cabled, reported very strongly in favorof the property.
they would await his written statement before finallycommitting themselves.
meanwhile, if messrs. dodge, son & co. (limited)were anxious to get the business advanced a stage, there was no reasonwhy he (bruce) should not assure them that, subject to the firstsatisfactory report being confirmed, his clients would underwrite theshares.
the whole thing would thus go through in about three weeks.
asfor bruce himself, they proposed to give him a commission of five percent in fully paid shares for the introduction.
"well, i never!"
"now who would have thought such a thingpossible?
why, if that rascal dodge is right and this company is reallya sound undertaking, my share of the deal will be £10,000.
it seemswildly incredible, yet my friends know what they are writing about as arule."
an hour later he was in the city.
a smart brougham stood in front of the now thoroughly renovated officesof dodge, son & co. (limited), and out of it, at the moment thebarrister detached himself from the chaos of leadenhall street, steppedthe head of the firm.
he was making up the steps when claude cried:"hello, mr. dodge, how is the junior partner?"
dodge stopped, focussed bruce with his sharp eyes, and smiled:"oh, it is you, is it?
the young 'un is all right, thanks.
are youcoming in?"
"that was my intention."
"come along then.
i was hoping i would see you one of these days."
"has business improved recently?"
inquired bruce, as they entered theinner office.
"yes, somewhat; but money is very tight still.
however, we generallylook for a spurt early in the new year.
why do you ask?"
"no valid reason.
a mere hazard."
"was it because you saw me drive up in a carriage?"
"mr. dodge, i never dreamt that self-consciousness was a failing of themembers of the stock exchange."
"then that _was_ the cause.
i guessed it.
i have been making inquiriesabout you, mr. bruce, and there is no use in trying to fool you, not abit."
"have you another springbok proposition on hand?"
"no; bar chaffing.
you were the man who ferreted out the truth aboutthat west australian combination when everybody else had failed.
and,now i think of it, you made me talk a lot the last time you were here.
however, i am ready.
i will tell you the truth, the wholetruth, and nothing but the truth, so help me--""sh-s-sh!
do not perjure yourself for the sake of alliteration.
besides,it is i who have come to talk this time."
the people i mentioned to you at my previous visit are prepared tounderwrite the shares, provided that their agent's report is asfavorable in its entirety as a telegraphic summary leads them tobelieve."
that's good news!
when will they be in a position to complete?"
"as soon as they hear from south africa by post.
say three weeks."
but suppose i get an offer from some other quarter in themeantime?
i cannot keep the proposal open indefinitely."
"i have not asked you to do so, mr. dodge.
let me see--three shillingsper share on, say, two hundred thousand shares is £30,000.
it is a gooddeal of money.
if any one likes to hand you a cheque for that amountwithout preliminary investigation, take it by all means."
the notion tickled dodge immensely.
"all right, mr. bruce.
when people of that sort turn up we don't sell'em springboks in the city.
but there is no harm in you telling me yourclients' names."
"not in the least.
they are the anglo-african finance corporation."
mr. dodge whistled.
"by jove, they're the best backing i could have.
this is a good turn, mr. bruce, and i shan't forget it.
you see, we're ayoung firm, and association with well-known houses is good for us inevery sense.
i'm jolly glad now that springboks are all right.
it wouldnever have done for me to introduce them to a risky piece of business.
iam really much obliged to you.
and now, how do we stand?"
"how much 'com' do you want?"
mr. dodge moved his chair backward several feet in sheer amazement.
"nothing, my dear sir!
it is a big affair.
shall we say oneper cent in cash, or two in shares.
i am not very well off just now,or--""pray don't trouble yourself.
i have already secured my commission--fiveper cent in fully paid shares."
"but the people who put up the money don't pay for the privilege as arule."
"that i know quite well.
this case is different.
i am not, nor ever havebeen, a financial go-between."
"didn't you come to see me about the deal in the first instance?"
it was bruce's turn to hesitate.
"not exactly," he said.
"i really wanted to know something about mr.corbett, and the springbok business arose out of it."
"ah, that chap corbett.
i have been thinking about him.
i wonder who hecan be?
anyhow, i owe him my best wishes, as the mention of his namehas had such excellent results."
"well, that is all," said bruce rising.
i must now see about raising the money to pay my own call.
i am interested in fifty thousand shares, you know."
"then you require some £7,500?"
but that will be easy when i can say that the anglo-africanfinance people are with me.
besides, this morning--queer you should callimmediately afterwards--i have had some wholly unexpected news."
mr. dodge was in a talkative vein, and bruce was in no hurry.
"the very best!"
went on dodge gleefully.
"you see, there is another manin this affair with me.
i thought he was as stony-broke as i ammyself--speaking confidentially, you know--when he suddenly writes to mesaying that he had won a pot of money at monte carlo and could spare me£2,000.
what's the matter?
beastly trying weather, isn't it?
try a nipof brandy."
for once in his life the self-possessed barrister had blanched at asudden revelation.
but this was too much.
he felt as though a meteoritehad fallen on his head.
nevertheless, he grappled with the situation.
"how stupid of me.
i have forgotten my morningsmoke.
may i light a cigar?"
you know these.
"you were saying--""that's all.
this young fellow, mensmore his name is, got mixed up withme over a californian mine.
i thought he had lots of coin, so whenspringboks came along he and i went shares in underwriting them.
thepublic didn't feed, so we were loaded.
i tried all i knew to get him topay up, but he absolutely couldn't.
and now at the very moment affairslook promising he writes offering £2,000.
more than that, he says, ifnecessary, he can get the remainder of his half, £1750, from somebody.
where is his letter?"
mr. dodge looked on his table.
"oh, here it is.
addressed from 'yacht_white heather_,' if you please.
quite swell, eh?
sir william browne!
that's the covey.
i think i will let sir william have 'em.
it's a good,solid sort of name to have on the share register."
"i would if i were you," said bruce, hardly conscious of hissurroundings.
"if _you_ think so, i will.
by jove, this has been a good morning forme.
come and have lunch."
i have a lot to attend to.
by the way, where did mensmorelive?"
"i don't know.
his address was always at the orleans club."
somehow, bruce reached the street and a hansom.
as the vehicle rolledoff westward he crouched in a corner and tried to wrestle with theproblem that befogged his brain.
was albert mensmore sydney h. corbett?
was he mrs. hillmer's brother?
the "bertie" she had spoken of meant albert as well as a hypotheticalherbert.
mensmore was an old schoolfellow of sir charles dyke's.
in allprobability he knew lady dyke as well.
he lived in raleigh mansionsunder an assumed name, and quitted his abode two days after the murder.
every circumstance pointed to the terrible assumption that at mensmore'shands the unfortunate lady met her death.
and bruce had sworn to avengeher memory!
he laughed with savage mirth as he reflected that he himself had helpedthis man to escape the punishment of providence, self-inflicted.
it was,indeed, pitifully amusing to think how the clever detective had used hispowers to befool himself.
the very openness of the clue had helped toconceal it the more effectually.
were it not for dodge and hisspringboks he might have gone on indefinitely covering up the criminal'stracks by his own friendly actions.
the situation was maddening,intolerable.
bruce wanted to seize the reins and flog the horse into amad gallop through the traffic as a relief to his feelings.
blissfully unconscious of the living volcano he carried within, thecabby on the perch did not indulge in any such illegal antics.
hequietly drove along the embankment and delivered his seething fare athis victoria-street chambers.
quite oblivious of commonplace affairs, the barrister threw a shillingto the driver and darted out.
the man gazed at his majesty's image with the air of one who had neverbefore seen such a coin.
it might have been a greek obolus, so utter washis blank astonishment.
but bruce was across the pavement, and cabby had to find words, else itwould be too late.
"here guv'nor," he yelled, "what the ballyhooley do you call this?"
"what's the matter?"
was the impatient query.
the cabman looked towards the sky to see if the heavens werefalling.
in a higher key, as a crowd began to gather.
"i tykeshim from leaden'all street to victoria.
'e gives me a bob, an' 'e arsksme wot's the matter.
i'd been on the ranks four bloomin' hours--""oh, there you are!"
and bruce threw him half-a-crown before hedisappeared up the steps.
mr. white was watching for bruce's arrival.
he wondered why thebarrister was so perturbed, and resolved to strike while the iron washot.
so he, too, vanished into the interior.
"if any one calls, i am out," cried claude to his factotum, as hecrossed the entrance-hall of his well-appointed flat, and flung open thedoor of his library.
"the guv'nor's in a tantrum," observed smith to his wife, and he settledhimself to renew the perusal of grand national training reports.
he hadjust noticed the interesting fact that last year's winner had "jumped infor the last mile" in a gallop given to a rank outsider, when theelectric bell upset his calculations.
"my master is out," he said, as he opened the door to find mr. whitestanding on the mat.
he was about to close the door again, but the detective planted his footagainst the jamb.
"your master is not out," he answered.
"i saw him come in a minutesince.
tell him mr. white wants to see him."
smith's dignity was superb.
"my master may be hin," he cried, "but 'etold me to say 'e was hout to callers."
the aspirates supplied emphasis.
"tell him what i say at once," and mr. white gave him his best"accessory-after-the-crime" glance.
"i don't see why i should," snarled smith, but the squabble ended whenbruce's voice was heard--"show him in, smith, but admit nobody else."
with an air of armed neutrality smith ushered the representative ofscotland yard into the library.
"you're not looking very well, sir," said white, his round eyes fixed onbruce with all their power.
"was it to ask about my health that you came?"
"no, sir, not exactly.
but i haven't seen you for quite a while, and aswe are both interested in the same matter i thought i would look you upand compare notes."
bruce was annoyed by the interruption.
he wanted to think, not to bebothered by official theories.
he looked hard at mr. white, wonderingwhether he should tell him all he knew and wash his own hands clear ofthe investigation in future.
but there was a second picture before hiseyes.
he saw phyllis browne's face, not as it was that day at the tiraux pigeons, but with the light of happiness in it, with the joyousnessof requited and undisturbed love, with the glow reflected from dancingwaves, and the tremulous smile of innocent pleasure.
it was hard to believe that such a woman could place her heartfelt trustin a man who was possibly a cold-blooded murderer.
such a combinationwas unnatural and horrible.
already bruce was beginning to doubt theevidence of his analytical senses.
mr. white meanwhile flattered himself by the thought that the other wastrying to read his thoughts by looking at him fixedly.
"i have been away from home," said bruce at last.
"i had occasion to goto the south of france."
"i thought so.
i was sure of it.
how do you manage always to get aheadof us?"
mr. white was enthusiastic in his admiring divination.
"you have heard about sydney h.
said the barrister, stillkeeping that inscrutable, calculating gaze upon the policeman.
i am on his track.
we may be slow, but we are sure in scotlandyard.
may i ask what luck you have had, sir?"
"in what respect?"
"as if you didn't go to monte carlo to find corbett yourself!
really,mr. bruce, the scent is too hot this time.
you might as well give a'view halloa' if you have seen him."
"seen sydney h. corbett, you mean?"
"that is the gentleman."
for an instant mensmore's future trembled in the balance.
bruce almostframed the words which would have led to his immediate arrest at thenext port touched by the _white heather_.
but the memory of phyllisbrowne, of her agony, of the fearful scandal that must fly throughsociety on the riviera, restrained him.
there was no hurry.
he must havetime to think.
"i certainly went to monte carlo to discover the identity of thatinteresting personage, but i came back, mr. white, as wise as i went.
the only trace i found of him was an undelivered letter awaiting him atthe hotel du cercle."
wasn't he there?"
mr. white's face, notwithstanding itsofficial decorum, betrayed its disappointment.
this was an unlooked-forcheck.
"he had been there.
other letters came for him earlier, and he hadreceived them."
"but the hotel people--""did not know him.
in fact, there cannot be the slightest doubt that mr.corbett concealed his identity at monte carlo under another name."
"it doesn't matter much," growled the detective.
"we will nab him allthe same, if he had fifty names."
but it is wonderful how a man may be under your very nose,and yet you may miss him."
during the next few minutes neither man spoke.
bruce smiled cynicallyat the thought that he was actually shielding lady alice's probableslayer from the minions of the law.
he marvelled at himself for hisirresolution.
nevertheless, he would wait.
mensmore could not escape himnow.
perhaps the business might be managed without the dramatic featureswhich would accompany an immediate arrest.
and there were some thingsthat required explanation.
if his monte carlo acquaintance really killedlady dyke, then he was the strangest criminal whom bruce had everencountered during the course of his varied career.
the policeman misinterpreted his expression.
"you can't laugh at us this time, mr. bruce," he cried.
"scotland yardand yourself evolved the same theory, eh?
and we can't fly off to thesouth of france as readily as you."
"your skill is profound, no doubt.
indeed, i wonder at it, consideringthe mysterious way in which the missing man left his address at thepost-office."
the other reddened.
"that was simple enough, i know; but we were on histrack before that."
"by watching me when i visited his sister."
"you saw me outside the jollity theatre, then?"
what did you expect?"
mr. white recovered his placidity.
"there's no use quarrelling aboutit," he laughed.
"i did get that wrinkle from you.
but how on earth werewe to know what to do, when there were seventy-one flats occupied byrespectable people, and one closed for months, the caretaker told us."
"i hope you have ceased your surveillance so far as i am concerned."
"honor bright, sir.
i won't do it again.
besides, we must lay hands oncorbett sooner or later."
"what steps are you taking?"
"the monte carlo police are making inquiries.
they have his description.
it has also gone to america."
"because he spent some time there.
he only returned from the statesearly last year.
his sister has not seen him for years, and a rare oldrow they had when he turned up.
he had not much money, so she helpedhim, and he settled down for a time in the same mansions as herself."
"who told you all this?"
"mrs. hillmer, and a precious lot of trouble she gave me.
she is aclever woman that."
"it was rather too bad to pester her about it, poor lady."
"i only followed your lead, sir."
this was so true that claude changed the conversation.
"what sort of man is corbett?
have you his description?"
here it is."
mr. white produced a copy of the _police gazette_, apublication never seen by the public, but of a large circulation amongthe police of the united kingdom.
the details were fairly accurate as tomensmore's personal appearance, but there was no photograph.
oddlyenough, bruce was pleased on noting this serious deficiency.
"you did not secure his picture?"
mrs. hillmer declared that she had not a single photograph of herbrother in her possession."
"did she--tell you his real name?"
the barrister had almost said, but hedeflected the question.
"did she give you any hint as to a possiblecause for this apparently unnecessary crime?"
"not a word."
"then you did not mention lady dyke to her?"
sir charles has always implored me to keep his wife's name out ofmy inquiries until it became absolutely impossible to conceal it in viewof a public prosecution.
he wants to know definitely when that timecomes."
the detective did not reply for a moment.
when he spoke he leanedforward and subdued his voice.
"i am as sure as i am sitting here, sir,that sir charles will not live if any disgrace should come to beattached to his wife's memory."
"do you mean that he will kill himself?"
he has changed a great deal since this affair happened.
he is notthe same man.
he appears to be always mooning about her.
and people saythat they were not so devoted to one another when she was alive."
again did the barrister switch off their talk from an unpleasant topic.
"this description of corbett is not much use," he said.
"it applies toevery athletic young englishman of good physique and gentlemanlyappearance."
i don't depend on that for his arrest, but it will bevaluable for identification.
'blue eyes, light brown hair, fresh, clearcomplexion, well-modelled nose and chin.'
some of these things can bechanged by tricks, but not all.
for instance, there would be no use insmoking a man with black eyes and irregular features."
"oh, that's our way of putting it.
following him, it means."
"suppose the french police don't succeed in catching him?"
"we will get him at raleigh mansions.
he is sure to think that ladydyke's fate has never been determined, and he will return when theinquiry has blown over, to all appearance."
"you have quite made up your mind, then, that sydney h. corbett is themurderer?"
"it looks uncommonly like it.
at any rate, he knows something about it.
if not, why did he bolt to france two days after the crime?
why has heconcealed his identity?
why does he take pains to receive hiscorrespondence in the manner he has adopted?
and, by jove!
suppose heisn't in monte carlo at all, but in london all the time!"
the inspector glowed with his sudden inspiration, but bruce kept him tothe lower level of realities.
"corbett is, or was, in monte carlo.
of that you may be sure.
he, andnone other, got the letters sent to the hotel du cercle.
i cannot forthe life of me imagine why he did not take the last one.
but let us lookat what we know.
lady dyke, we will say, went to corbett's chambers,secretly and of her own accord.
that may be taken as fairly established.
thence there is a blank in our intelligence until she appears as ahardly recognizable corpse, stuffed by hands beneath an old drain-pipein the thames at putney.
how do you fill up that gap, mr.
corbett, or some other person, persuaded her tovoluntarily accompany him to putney.
she was killed there, and not inlondon.
it would be almost a matter of impossibility for any man to haveconveyed her lifeless body from raleigh mansions to putney withoutattracting some notice.
one man could _not_ do it.
several might, but itis madness to imagine that a number of people would join together forthe purpose of killing this poor lady."
"the seemingly impossible is often accomplished."
"do you really believe, then, that she met her death in london?"
"i have quite an open mind on the question."
"you forget that she had resolved early that day to visit her sister atrichmond, and putney is on the direct road.
what more reasonable than toassume--""beware of assumptions!
you are assuming all the time that corbett was aprincipal in her murder."
"very well, mr. bruce.
then i ask you straight out if you don't agreewith me?"
"i do not."
this declaration astounded the barrister himself.
often the mereutterance of one's thoughts is a surprise.
speech seems to stiffen thewavering outlines of reflection, and the new creation may differessentially from its embryo.
it was so with bruce in this instance.
ever since mr. white's arrival had aroused him from the positive stuporcaused by the stock-broker's unwitting revelation, claude bruce had beenslowly but definitely deciding that mensmore did not kill lady dyke.
hehad seen him, unprepared, facing death as preferable to dishonor.
atsuch moments a man's soul is laid bare.
with the shadow of a crime uponhis conscience mensmore's actions could not have been so genuine andstraightforward as they undoubtedly were.
mensmore, of course, might in some way be bound up with the mysterysurrounding lady dyke's movements.
his very utterance in bruce's roomat the hotel du cercle implied as much.
that was another matter.
itwould receive his (bruce's) most earnest attention.
but the majorhypothesis, so quickly jumped at by the police, needed much moresubstantiation than it had yet obtained.
that it was plausible was demonstrated by the barrister's readiness toadopt it at the outset.
even now that his impulse to fasten the crime onmensmore had weakened he wondered at his eagerness to defend him.
the detective was even more surprised.
"i don't see how you can take that view," he cried.
"corbett's behavioris, to say the least, unaccountable.
if he is an innocent man, then hemust be a foolish one.
besides, why should he necessarily be innocent?
this is the first gleam of light we have had in a very dark business,and i mean to follow it up."
the vindictive emphasis of his tone showed that the detective wasannoyed at the other's impassive attitude.
he even went so far as todimly evolve a theory that the barrister wished to throw him offcorbett's trail on account of his sympathy for mrs. hillmer, but clauderapidly dispelled this notion.
"you are here, i suppose, to ask my advice in pursuance of ourunderstanding that we are working together in the matter, as it were?"
"well, something of the kind, sir."
"then i recommend that we see the inside of that closed flat in raleighmansions at the earliest moment."
"do you mean by a search warrant?"
do you want the whole neighborhood to know of it?
youhave probably heard of locks being picked before to-day.
you and i, andnone other, must have a quiet look around the place without anyonebeing the wiser."
mr. white hesitated, but the prospect was attractive.
"i think i canmanage it," he said, smiling reflectively.
"will six this evening suit?"
"then i will call for you."
after a parting glance at smith, who returned it, nose in air, theinspector ran down the stairs, murmuring, "blest if i can understand mr.bruce.
but this is a good move.
we may learn something."
when the door of corbett's or mensmore's flat swung open before theskilful application of a skeleton key, a gust of cold air swept from theinterior blackness, and whirled an accumulation of dust down the stairs.
it is curious how a disused house seems to bottle up, as it were, anatmospheric accumulation which always seeks to escape at the firstavailable moment.
emptiness is more than a mere word; it has life andthe power of growth.
a residence closed for a week is less depressingthan if it has not been inhabited for a month.
if the period of neglectbe lengthened into a year, the sense of dreariness is magnifiedimmeasurably.
in this instance, the mysterious abode might have been the abiding-placeof disembodied spirits, so cold was its aspect, so uninviting the dimvista that sprung into uncertain vision under the flickering rays of awax vesta struck by the detectives.
but neither the policeman nor his companion was a nervous subject.
they entered at once, closed the door by its latch, and, aided by othermatches, found the switch of the electric light.
in this brighter radiance the indefinable vanished.
the flat became acosy, fairly well appointed bachelor's "diggings," neglected anduntidy, yet not without a semblance of comfort, which only needed thepresence of a sturdy housemaid and a fire to be converted into theordinary chambers with which the locality abounds.
their first care was to draw down all the blinds, the neglect of whichhousewifely proceeding argued the careless departure of a mere male whenthe place was vacated.
a rapid preliminary survey followed, and drew from bruce the remark:"furnished by a woman, but occupied by a man."
mr. white agreed, but he didn't know why, so he put a tentative questionon the point.
"don't you see," said bruce, "that the carpets match the upholstery ofthe furniture, that the beds have valances, that the spare bedroom for aguest is even more elaborate than that used by the tenant, that care hasbeen taken in fitting up the kitchen, and taste displayed in theselection of pieces of bric-a-brac?
only a woman attends to thesethings.
on the other hand, a card tray has been used as a receptacle fora cigar ash, the pictures--no woman ever buys a picture--have beenpicked up promiscuously from shops where they sell sporting prints, andthe sides of the mantelpieces are chipped by having feet propped againstthem.
there are plenty of other signs, but these suffice."
thenceforth the two men devoted themselves to their task, each after hiskind.
the representative of scotland yard hunted for documents, photographs,torn envelopes; he looked at the covers of books to see if they wereinscribed; he opened every drawer, ransacked every corner, peered intothe interior of jars, pots, and ovens; appraised the value of furniture,noted its age, and was specially zealous in studying the appearance ofthe only bedroom which had been occupied so far as he could judge.
bruce, having given a casual glance around, entered the sitting-room,selected the most comfortable chair, and proceeded to envelope himselfin smoke.
he had not spent two minutes in mensmore's flat before he made astriking discovery.
the dwelling consisted of a central passage, dividing two equal portionsfrom the other.
that on the right contained a drawing-room and a largebedroom, with dressing-room attached.
on the left were another bedroom,a dining-room, a kitchen, and a store-room.
at the end of the passage,which terminated in the transverse corridor, were the bathroom, apantry, and a small room, empty now, but apparently designed for aservant's bedroom.
the furniture, as has been stated, was good in quality and sufficientfor its purposes.
but the fact which immediately impressed this skilledobserver was that the arrangement of the sitting-room differedessentially from the other details of the flat.
the same care had not been taken in the disposition of the articles.
they had been dumped down anyhow, without taste or regard for suitableposition.
the carpet had not been bought for this special apartment likethe carpets elsewhere.
a handsome ebony cabinet stood in the wrongplace.
the blue china ornaments obviously intended to fill its shelveswere littered about the mantelpiece or on small tables, while thesatsuma ware meant for the over-mantel was stiffly disposed on thecabinet.
small matters these, but bruce thought them more fruitful of accuratetheory than the detective's hunt for a written history of the crime!
so, as he smoked, he mused and examined.
"the drawing-room was the last place to be furnished," he thought.
it remained empty for some time probably.
the rest of theflat was arranged by a woman--mrs. hillmer in all likelihood--before thearrival of her brother.
then he came and tackled the vacant room.
thehistory of the place is as plain as though i were present.
more thanthat, a woman--mrs. hillmer again, let us say--fixed upon these latterpurchases, but without measurements.
she did not personally see to theiradaptability, and she certainly did not supervise their finalarrangement.
now, why was that?
again, these things are more worn thanthose in the other rooms.
were they bought second-hand?
if so, why?
awoman thinks most of her drawing-room.
it is the last place in which shewould economize."
mr. white entered, anxious and puzzled.
inquired claude, without looking at him.
"not a rag, not a piece of old newspaper with a date on it.
a lot ofpapers were burned in the kitchen grate, but from the remnants i judgethat they were mostly bills."
"the place has been systematically cleared, eh?"
"it looks like it."
"going to hunt here?"
you don't seem to take much interest in the premises, mr. bruce,though you persuaded me to do a bit of house-breaking in order to gethere."
"i find the quietude good for thought, mr. white.
be good enough not tomake more noise than is absolutely necessary."
the other sniffed.
he was disappointed.
he hoped for something tangiblefrom this visit, and the outlook was far from promising.
"this room appears to have been lived in a good deal," he growled.
"that is one way of looking at it."
"is there any other way?"
his voice snapped out the question as if heheld the barrister personally responsible for his failure to gain aclue.
"no, mr. white, i should have guessed your point of view exactly."
"my point of view, indeed!
do you want me to draw up another chair andlight a pipe?
should we be enlightened by tobacco smoke?"
"i cannot trust your tobacco.
try a cigar."
the detective angrily thumped a chesterfield lounge to see if itbetrayed aught suspicious.
at that instant bruce's glance rested on the fireplace.
the gratecontained the ashes of a fire,--a fire not long lighted.
this, combinedwith the undrawn blinds, argued a departure early in the morning.
"he went to monte carlo by the day channel service," mused bruce.
"hemay have departed a few hours after lady dyke's death, as mrs. hillmerwas not certain as to the exact date."
somehow the few cinders attracted him.
they had, perchance, witnessed atragedy.
suddenly he stopped smoking.
he was so startled by something he had seenthat the policeman must have noticed his agitation were not thedetective at that instant intently screwing his eyes to peer behind theback of the elaborate cabinet.
on the hearth was a handsome venetian fender.
into each end wasloosely socketed a beautifully moulded piece of ironwork to hold thefire-irons.
that on the left was whole, but from that on the right asmall spike had been broken off.
by comparison with its fellow the missing portion was identical with thebit of iron found imbedded in the skull of the murdered woman.
of thisdamning fact bruce had no manner of doubt, though the incriminatoryarticle itself was then locked in a drawer in his own residence.
he did not move.
he sat as one transfixed.
what a weapon for such a deed!
was ever more outlandish instrument usedwith murderous intent?
the entire bracket could easily be detached fromthe fender, and would, no doubt, inflict a terrible blow.
but why seizethis clumsy device when it actually supported a heavy brass poker?
the thing savored of madness, of the wild vagary of a homicidal maniac.
it was incomprehensible, strange beyond belief.
yet as bruce pictured the final scene in that tragedy, as he saw theill-fated lady stagger helplessly to the ground before a treacherous andcrushing stroke, a fierce light leaped into his face, and his lips settight with unflinching purpose.
had mensmore been within reach at that moment he would assuredly havebeen lodged in a felon's cell forthwith.
no excuse, no palliation, wouldbe accepted.
the man who could so foully slay a gentle, kindly,high-minded woman deserved the utmost rigor of the law, no matter whatthe circumstances that led to the commission of the crime.
it was not often that bruce allowed impulse to master reason so utterly.
in strange altruistic mood he asked himself why he did not spring fromhis chair, and, tearing the bracket from its supports, exhibit it to hisfellow-worker, while he gave, in a few passionate sentences, theinformation that would set the french police to scour the mediterraneanlittoral until they found the _white heather_.
of what matter to him wasthe suffering of a sister or sweetheart?
did the man who killed ladydyke reck of these things?
yes, he would do it--but a cry of triumph from the detective arrested the fateful words evenas they trembled on his lips.
"here's a find!"
was the shout.
"thinkingis all very well, mr. bruce, but hard work is better.
what do you makeof that?"
"that" was a letter, which, in the manner known to many a puzzledhouseholder, had slipped down behind a drawer in the cabinet, to becrushed against the wardrobe at the back, and lie there forgotten andunnoticed.
even in his perturbed state the barrister could not help glancing at thecrumpled document, first noting the date, october 15th of the year justclosed, with the superscription, "mountain butts, wyoming."
there was noenvelope.
it was addressed to "dear bertie," and ran as follows:     "your welcome note and its draft for fifty dollars came to hand     last week.
my sisters and i can never forget your generosity.
we know you are hard up, and that you can ill spare these     frequent gifts, or loans, as you are pleased to call them.
you     and i have been in many a tight place, old chap, and i never     knew you to fail either with hand or heart.
and when we drifted     into this ranch, on my advice, and nearly starved to death, it     was you who were bold enough to cut yourself adrift so that     you might make something to keep the pot boiling.
"but the tide is turning.
you know my failing; this time i will     try not to be too sanguine.
there have been big gold     discoveries in this country.
it is now firmly believed that all     our land is auriferous, and the scoundrel who sold us this     beggarly ranch has tried to upset our title.
thanks to your     foresight, he was knocked out at the first round.
so i may soon     have big news for you.
by jove, won't it be a change if we both     become rich!
and won't we all have a time in paris!
however, i     must not promise too much.
i have been taught caution by     repeated failures.
write by return, and say if this reaches you     all right.
"your faithful friend,                         "sydney h.
"what do you think of that?"
cried the detective, when bruce had slowlymastered the contents of the letter.
i am too dazed to think."
"we can now learn all about him from america."
"about corbett, of course."
"then did corbett travel by the same mail as this letter in order tomurder lady dyke?
it is dated october 15th, and she was killed november6th.
it takes twelve days, at the quickest, for a letter to come herefrom wyoming.
and corbett, the writer of it, not the receiver, must havetravelled in the same steamer, or its immediate successor."
mr. white's face fell, but he stuck to his point:"anyhow, corbett was here about that time.
i have seen the secretary tothe company that owns these flats.
corbett took the rooms for six monthsfrom september first.
when asked for references he gave his sister'sname, and as she banks with the national--and she has always paid herrent for five years--it was good enough.
still, i must confess thatcorbett could hardly be in wyoming in october if he lived here inseptember and in november."
the barrister answered between his set teeth: "yes, it is ratherpuzzling."
"perhaps the letter was left there as a plant."
"an elaborate one.
it must have been conceived a month before themurder."
"but suppose it never came from wyoming.
we have no proof that it waswritten in america."
"we have proof of nothing at present."
"well, mr. bruce, have you a theory?
this is the place where you oughtto shine, you know."
"i have no theory.
i must think for hours, for days, before i see my wayclear."
"clear to what, sir."
"to telling you how, when, and where to arrest the murderer of ladydyke."
"so this find of mine is of great importance?"
i remember its contents sufficiently, but you will let mesee it again if necessary?"
"with pleasure, sir.
and that reminds me.
you never returned that smallbit of iron to me.
you recollect i lent it to you some time since."
come with me.
i will model it in wax and give it to you."
"all right, sir; but as we are here i may as well continue my search.
imay drop on something else of value."
bruce resumed his seat, and did not stir until the detective hadcompletely rummaged the cabinet.
the reading of that queer epistle fromcorbett to "bertie"--from the real simon pure to the sham one--from oneman to his double--had stopped him at the very threshold of disclosure.
the document impressed him as being genuine.
if so, who on earth wascorbett, and why had mensmore taken his name, if that was the solutionof the tangle?
whatever the explanation, he would not jump to a conclusion.
the web hadclosed too securely round mensmore to allow of escape.
hence, brucecould bide his time.
another week might solve many elements in the casenow indistinct and nebulous.
he would wait.
the detective finally satisfied himself there was nothing else in thecabinet.
he approached the fireplace, peered into every vase on theover-mantel, picked with his penknife at the back of the frame to feelfor other letters, and in doing so several times kicked the fender.
the barrister vaguely wondered whether the man of method would note themissing portion of the iron "dog."
"surely," he thought, "he will see it now," as mr. white bent to examinethe ashes, and actually took the poker from the very support itself inorder to rake among the cinders.
the other even scrutinized the fire-irons, but the too obvious factthat, so to speak, stared him in the face, escaped notice.
he was quitewrapped up in his theory that lady dyke had been killed at putney, andnot in sloane square.
at last he quitted the room, and walked off to the small apartments atthe end of the main corridor.
instantly bruce sprang forward, fell on his knees, and intently examinedthe iron rest with a strong lens.
it bore no unusual signs in thelocality of the break.
taking some wax from his pocket, he took aslight impression of the fracture.
when mr. white returned, he found the barrister sitting in his chair,still smoking, and with set face and fixed eyes.
soon afterwards they quitted the flat, carefully leaving all things asthey found them.
they said little on their way to victoria street, forbruce was trying to explain mensmore's attitude at monte carlo, and thedetective was considering the best use to which he could put thatall-important letter.
besides, mr. white attributed his companion's silence to annoyance.
hadnot he, white, laid hands on the only direct piece of evidence yetdiscovered as to corbett's identity, and this in defiance of bruce'sspoken philosophy?
he could afford to be generous and not to worry hisamateur colleague with questions.
thus they reached the barrister's chambers.
bruce asked the other to sitdown for a moment while he obtained a model of the small lump of iron.
he took it into his bedroom, fitted in into the wax impression obtainedat raleigh mansions, and noted that the two coincided perfectly.
he handed the bit of iron to white without comment.
the latter said: "it had better remain in my keeping now, sir, but ifyou want to see it again, of course i will be glad--""i shall never want it again," said bruce, and his voice was harsh andcold, for he had seldom experienced such a strain as the last hours hadgiven him.
"it is an accursed thing.
it has caused one death already,and may cause others."
"i sincerely hope it will cause a man to be hanged," cried thedetective, "for this affair is the warmest i have ever tackled.
however, i'll get him, as sure as his name's corbett, if he has fortyaliases and as many addresses."
smith let mr. white out.
the latter, halting for a moment at the door,said quietly, "is your name corbett?"
"no, it ain't, any more than yours is black.
each man thought he had had his joke, so they were better friendsthenceforth, but mr. white was thoughtful as he passed into the street.
"this is a funny business," he communed.
"there isn't enough evidenceagainst corbett to hang a cat, yet i _think_ he's the man.
and bruce isa queer chap.
was he cut up about me finding the letter, or has he gotsome notion in his head.
he's as close as an oyster.
i wonder if he_did_ dine at hampstead on the evening of the murder, as he said at theinquest?
i must inquire into it."
"i wonder if i shall have such exciting times to-day as i hadyesterday," said bruce to himself, as he unfolded his _times_ nextmorning at breakfast.
affairs had so jumbled themselves together in his brain the previousevening that he had abandoned all effort to elucidate them.
he retiredto rest earlier than usual, to sleep soundly, save for a vivid dream inwhich he was being tried for his life, the chief witnesses against himbeing mrs. hillmer, phyllis browne, and jane harding, the latter varyingher evidence by entertaining the court with a song and dance.
the weather, too, had improved.
it was clear, frosty, and sunlit--one ofthose delightful days of winter that serve as cheerful remembrancesduring periods of seemingly interminable fog overhead and slush beneath.
during a quiet meal he read the news, and, with the invaluable morningsmoke, settled himself cosily into an armchair to consider procedure.
in the first place he carefully weighed those utterances of mensmore atmonte carlo, which he could recall, and which seemed by the light oflater knowledge, to bear upon the case.
mensmore had alluded to "family troubles," to "worries," and"anxieties," that practically drove him from england.
some of these, no doubt, referred to the springbok speculation.
others,again, might have meant mrs. hillmer or some other presently unknownrelative.
but in mensmore's manner there was nothing that savored of agreater secrecy than the natural reticence of a gentleman in discussingdomestic affairs with a stranger.
this man had practically been snatched from death.
at such a moment itwas inconceivable that he could cloak the remorse of a murderer by thesimulation of more honorable motives, in themselves sufficientlydistressing to cause him deliberately to choose suicide as the best wayof ending his difficulties.
the policeman had summarized the testimony against corbett asinsufficient to curtail the remarkable powers of endurance of a cat.
butto bruce the case against mensmore, alias corbett, stood in clearerperspective.
now that he calmly reasoned the matter he felt that thebalance of probabilities swung away from the hypothesis that mensmorewas the actual slayer of lady dyke, and towards the theory that he wasin some way bound up with her death, whether knowingly or unknowingly itwas at present impossible to say.
the new terror to bruce was mr. white.
"why, if that animated truncheon knew what i know of this business hewould arrest mensmore forthwith.
if he did, what would result?
ascandal, a thorough exposure, possibly the ruin of mensmore'slove-making if he be an innocent man.
that must be stopped.
but how,without forewarning mensmore himself?--and he may be guilty.
chance mayfavor white, as it favored me, in disclosing the identity of the missingcorbett.
and what of the _real_ corbett?
what on earth has _he_ got todo with it, and why has mensmore taken his name?
if ever i get to thebottom of this business i may well congratulate myself.
the sole resultof all my labor thus far may be summed up in a sentence--i have not yetcome face to face with the man whom i can honestly suspect as ladydyke's murderer.
not much, my boy!"
claude uttered the last sentence aloud, startling smith, who wasclearing the table.
"beg pardon, sir," cried smith.
i was only expressing an opinion."
"i thought, perhaps, sir, you was thinkin' of mr.
"what of him?"
"your remark, sir, hexactly hexpresses my hopinion of 'im."
smith was not a badly educated man, but the least excitement produced anappalling derangement of the letter "h" in his vocabulary.
"mr. white is a sharp fellow in his own way, smith."
"maybe, but why should 'e come pokin' round 'ere pryin' into your littleaffairs-deecur?"
"sorry, sir, but that's what a french maid i once knew called 'em.
"smith, have you been drinking?"
"well, explain yourself.
i never flirted with a woman in my life."
"that's what i told 'im, sir.
'my master's a regular saint,' says i, 'asort of middle-aged ankyrite.'
but mr. white 'e wouldn't 'ave it at noprice.
'come now, smith,' says 'e, 'your guv'nor's pretty deep.
'e's atoff, 'e is, an' knows lots of lydies--titled lydies.'
'very like,' saysi, 'but 'e doesn't mash 'em.'
'then what price that lydy who called for'im in a keb afore 'e went away?
an' who's 'e gone to monte carlo with?'
this was durin' your absence, sir."
"go on, smith.
"well, sir, that rather flung me out of my stride, as the sayin' is, asi _'ad_ seen the lydy in question.
an' mr. white 'as a nasty way ofputting you on your oath, so to speak.
but i never owned up."
mr. white has a keen nose for false scents.
i have alreadytold him to let my affairs alone.
he means no harm."
but the reference to a "lydy in a keb" had suggested an immediate planof action to the barrister.
he would call to see mrs. hillmer.
he wrotea note asking her if he might come to tea that afternoon, and sent it bya boy messenger.
in return he received this answer.
"mrs. hillmer will be at home at four o'clock if mr. bruce cares    to call then."
"what's in the wind there?
this is an uncommonlystiff invitation.
that rascal white has upset her, i'll be bound.
i_must_ choke him off somehow.
suppose he were to find that damagedbracket!
he would have mensmore under trial at the old bailey indouble-quick time.
after i leave mrs. hillmer i must visit no.
12 again,and carry off that pair of brackets before white discovers them, as hewill haunt the place in future."
bruce had a set of skeleton keys in his possession.
they were in his pocket when he approached raleigh mansions at theappointed hour.
the same trim maid opened the door for him and ushered him into thedrawing-room.
on the occasion of his first visit he was taken to thedining-room.
it was a small matter, but bruce paid heed to such.
mrs. hillmer appeared, very stately and undemonstrative.
she greeted himcoldly, seated herself at a distance, and said, in a cold,well-controlled voice:"i did not expect the honor of another visit from you, mr.
there was a fight brewing, and he would let the enemy open fire.
theglitter in her eyes showed that the batteries were ready to be unmasked.
he was not mistaken.
because i believed you to be a gentleman.
once you had stoopedto sending your myrmidons to pester me i imagined that you would keepyourself in the background."
there was an indignant ring in her words as she concluded.
when a womanis angry her own speech acts as a trumpet-call and fires her blood.
mrs.hillmer began, as she intended, in icy disdain.
she ended in tremulousanger.
"you allude to mr.
said the barrister, looking steadily at her.
"yes, that is the man.
some hireling from scotland yard.
how _could_ youso meanly induce my confidence at our first meeting?
i have never beenso deceived in a man in my life, and i have had a surfeit of bitterexperience already."
"brother and sister are alike.
they have led queer lives," mused bruce.
aloud he said:"your experience, mrs. hillmer, should at least lead you not to condemnany one unheard.
may i explain that which is to you incomprehensible atthis moment?--justly so, i admit."
i am a child in the hands of such as you.
how can i hopeto fathom your real intent?
presumably, if i accept your apologies now,it will be a prelude to further visits by impudent police officers."
"i am not here to apologize, mrs.
"what then, pray?"
"to plead with you.
for heaven's sake do not distrust _me_.
it may ruinthose whom you hold dear.
listen to me first, and try to believe meafterwards."
he was so thoroughly in earnest, so impressive in manner, that she didnot know what to make of him.
in her despair, she adopted a woman'schief resource--her eyes filled with tears.
but he anticipated her.
"now, mrs. hillmer," he cried, "let us act like sensible people.
composeyourself, order in some tea, and after an interlude i will tell you allabout it.
candor is an indispensable element of confidence."
mrs. hillmer rose, made an effort to choke back her agitation, went out,and called to the maid for tea.
she returned in a few moments.
when theywere alone bruce said, with a smile:"a little _poudre de ris_ is an excellent corrective for signs ofgrief."
the lady blushed, and there was a perceptible return to her formerpleasant manner.
"you are incorrigible, i fear," she cried.
"not a bit.
now, i am going to startle youconsiderably, so be prepared.
and do not jump at conclusions.
thoughstartling, my news is not alarming.
all may yet end well."
mrs. hillmer was manifestly anxious, but she promised to try tounderstand him fully before she formed any judgment.
"then," said he, "i can clear the air a good deal by a simple statement.
mr. white is no agent of mine, and i have seen your brother, albertmensmore, at monte carlo."
mrs. hillmer gave a little gasp of surprise.
"you have seen bertie?"
"yes; your brother, is he not?"
"my half-brother, to be exact.
my father was married twice.
i--i am theelder of the two by four years."
"apart from the compliment, you do not look it.
but what you sayexplains the total absence of likeness between you."
people said we each resembled our mother.
and bertie, youknow, has led a somewhat adventurous career.
he roughed it a good dealin america.
but what has all this got to do with detectives, and recentinquiries, and that sort of thing?"
the last time we met i told you that your brother was mixed up insome little affair with a lady."
mrs. hillmer laughed, a trifle constrainedly.
"if you knew bertie aswell as i do, you would not harbor suspicions concerning him.
he neverhad a love affair in his life.
indeed, he is something of awoman-hater."
"no doubt he was.
but he has changed his opinions.
he is in love, and isengaged to be married to a very charming girl.
thus far, his beliefs andhis good fortune have pulled against each other."
"bertie engaged to be married!
who is she?
and how can hesupport a wife?
he is poor, and in debt, and he won't even let me helphim."
"i have stated the facts, nevertheless.
the lady is a daughter of sirwilliam browne, and they are now yachting with a large party in themediterranean."
"are her people against the match?
is that why this scotland yardman--?"
mensmore is on board sir william's yacht.
but there is anotherlady, missing from her home for nearly three months, who is believed tobe dead--murdered, the police say--and with whom your brother was insome indefinable way associated."
"do they dare to say that bertie killed her?"
mrs. hillmer's color roseand her eyes flashed fire again.
"they say nothing.
they are simply doing their duty in trying todiscover the truth.
and you may take it from me, as an undoubted fact,that the last place this lady visited before her death was one of theflats in these mansions.
all present indications point to your brother'sresidence as being that place.
now, i pray you, be calm, and try to helpme, for i have acted in this matter as your friend and as your brother'sfriend.
at this very moment i am concealing his identity and hiswhereabouts from the police, who are searching for him under the assumedname of corbett.
if he is guilty of this crime, then i must hand himover to justice, for the murdered woman was a dear and good friend ofmine.
if he is innocent, as, indeed, i believe him to be, i will striveto help him and save his good name from the tarnish of being arrested onsuch an odious charge."
during this recital mrs. hillmer became deathly pale.
her agitation wasthe greater inasmuch as she forcibly controlled herself.
but she couldnot remain seated.
she sprang to the window and looked out, in the vaineffort to seek inspiration from the gathering gloom of the street.
thenshe turned, and spoke very slowly:"i think i understand.
i must have faith in you, mr. bruce.
the barrister thought deeply before replying.
he had previously decidedupon this supreme step, but he hesitated now that it was imminent.
therewas no help for it.
"her name," said he, "is one which is well known to the world.
ladydyke, wife of sir charles dyke, is missing from her home since theevening of november 6 last.
she met with a violent death that night, andi--not the police--have good reason to believe that she was killed inyour brother's residence."
mrs. hillmer flung herself on a lounge, buried her white face in herhands and moaned, in a perfect agony of terror:"oh, my god!
what shall i do?
what shall i do?"
this outburst astounded bruce.
he did not know what to make of it.
hisintelligence had certainly taken his hearer by surprise.
whatinterpretation was he to place upon her words and her unrestrainedactions?
"now, mrs. hillmer," he began; but she broke in vehemently, running tohim and clutching him by the arm:"he is innocent, mr. bruce.
he _must_ be innocent.
he could not lift hisfinger to any woman.
you must save him--do you hear?--save him, or youwill have his blood on your soul.
it _was_ true, then, that you camehere to hunt for him.
save him, if you hope for mercy yourself when youare dying."
in her passion she shook him violently, and for an instant they lookedintently at each other--the woman tensely piteous, entreating; the manamazed and questioning.
"do you not see," he said at last, "that your vehemence reveals yourthoughts?
for anything you know to the contrary, your brother may havecommitted the crime.
nay, it requires but slight knowledge of humannature to read your suspicions lest it be true.
at this moment i amconvinced that you are, in your heart, less sceptical than i of hisguilt."
mrs. hillmer flung herself again upon the lounge, silent, tearful, tornwith violent emotion, which she vainly tried to suppress.
he tried to reason with her.
"it will, perhaps, serve to clear up a mystery that deepens each momentif you place your trust in me," he said.
"tell me fully and openly anycause you may have for fearing that your brother may be implicated inthis terrible business.
i ask you to adopt this course in all faith.
ihave seen your brother under most trying circumstances; i have been withhim at an hour when it would be impossible for him to conceal his burdenif the weight of lady dyke's death lay upon him.
yet i think himinnocent.
i think that chance has contributed to gather evidence againsthim.
if i can learn even a portion of the truth it will enable me toquickly dispel the barrier of uncertainty that now hinders progress."
"what is it you want to know?"
mrs. hillmer's voice was hollow and broken.
the barrister was shocked atthe effect of his revelation, but he was forced to go on with thedisagreeable task he had undertaken.
"do you mean," he asked, "that you will answer my questions?"
"so far as i can."
"would it not be better to tell me in your own words what you have tosay?"
mrs. hillmer looked up, and the agony in her face filled him with keenpity.
"oh, heaven help me to do what is right!"
"your prayer will surely be answered.
i am certain of that.
a greatwrong has been committed by some one, and the innocent must not sufferto shield the guilty."
mrs. hillmer bowed her head and did not utter a word for some minutes.
she appeared to be reasoning out some plan of action in a dazed fashion.
when decision came she said in low tones:"you must leave me now, mr. bruce.
i must have time.
when i am ready ishall send for you."
he knew instinctively that it was hopeless to plead with her.
frivolous,volatile women of her stamp often betray unusual strength of characterin a supreme crisis.
"you are adopting an unwise course," he said sadly.
but i must be alone.
i am not deceiving you.
when i havedetermined something which is not now clear to me, i will send for you.
it may be that i shall speak.
it may be that i shall be silent.
ineither case i only can judge--and suffer."
"tell me one thing at least, mrs. hillmer, before we part.
did you knowof lady dyke's death before to-day?"
she came to him and looked him straight in the face, and said: "i didnot.
on my soul, i did not."
then he passed into the hall; and even the shock of this painfulinterview did not prevent him from noting the flitting of a shadow pasta distant doorway, as some one hurried into the interior of a room.
in their excitement they forgot that their voices might attractattention, and ladies' maids are proverbially inquisitive.
the keen, cold air of the streets soon restored the man to his habitualcalm.
he felt that a quiet stroll would do him good.
as he walked he pondered, and the more critically he examined mrs.hillmer's change of attitude the less he understood it.
"for some ridiculous reason," he communed, "the woman believes herbrother guilty.
now i shall have endless trouble at getting at thetruth.
she will not be candid.
she will only tell me that which shethinks will help him, and conceal that which she considers damaging.
that is a woman's way, all the world over.
and a desperately annoyingway it is.
perhaps i was to blame in springing this business too hastilyupon her.
i like mrs. hillmer, and i hate using her as onejuggles with a self-conceited witness.
in future i shall trouble her nomore."
a casual glance into the interior of sloane square station gave him aglimpse of the barrier, and he recognized the collector who had takenlady dyke's ticket on that fatal night when she quitted the richmondtrain.
rather as a relief than for other cause he entered into conversationwith the official.
"do you remember me?"
"can't say as i do, sir."
the man examined his questioner with quicksuspicion.
the forgotten "season" dodge would not work with _him_.
"maybe you remember these?"
said bruce, producing his cigar-case.
"now, wot's the gyme?"
said the collector to himself.
but he smiled, andanswered: "do you mean by the look of 'em, sir?"
"take three or four home with you.
meanwhile iam sure you remember me coming to see you last november concerning alady who alighted here from victoria one foggy evening and handed you aticket to richmond?"
"of course i do, sir.
and the cigars are _all_ right.
there was a lot offuss about that lydy.
did she ever turn up?"
that is to say, she died shortly after you saw her."
well, of all the rummy goes!
she was a fine-looking woman, too, aswell as i rec'llect.
looked fit for another fifty year.
wot 'appened to'er."
"i don't know.
i wish i did."
"an' 'ave you been on the 'unt ever since, guv'nor?"
"yes, ever since."
"she's dead, you s'y?"
"but 'ow'd you know she's dead, if you 'ain't seen 'er since?"
"i have seen her.
i saw her dead body at putney."
well, i'm blowed!"
a roar from beneath, the slamming of many doors, and the quick rush of acrowd up the steps, announced the arrival of a train.
"pardon, sir,"said the man, "this is the 5.41 mansion house.
but don't go aw'y.
there's somethin'--tickets, _if_ you please."
in a minute the collector had ended his task.
while sorting his bundlesof pasteboards he said:"nobody ever tell'd me that before.
an' you ain't the only one on 'ertrack.
are you in the police?"
"i thought not.
but some other chaps who kem 'ere was.
none of 'em eversaid the lydy was dead."
"why; what matter?"
"oh, nothin', but two 'eads is better'n one, if they're only sheep's'eads."
the rule is all the more reliable when one of them belongsto a shrewd chap like you."
the collector grinned.
he understood that he was being flattered for apurpose, yet he liked it.
"that's one w'y of lookin' at it," he said, "but if this affair'spertickler, why, all i can s'y is it's worth somethin' to somebody."
here's a sovereign for a start.
if you can tell me anythingreally worth knowing i will add four more to it."
"now, that's talkin'.
i'm off duty at eight o'clock, an' i can't 'ave achat now because i expect the inspector any minute."
"suppose you call and see me in victoria street at nine?"
"right you are, sir."
bruce gave the man his address and recrossed the square.
few people wereabroad, so he walked straight to the first door of raleigh mansions andmade his way to the fourth floor.
had he been a moment later he must have seen mrs. hillmer, closelywrapped up, leave her residence unattended.
her carriage was not inwaiting.
she walked to the cabstand in the square and called a hansom,driving back up sloane street.
her actions indicated a desire to be unobserved even by her servants, asin the usual course of events the housemaid would have brought a cab tothe door.
but the barrister, steadily climbing up the stairs, could not guess whatwas happening in the street.
he soon opened mensmore's door, and noted,as an idle fact, that the expected gust of cold air was absent.
there was no light on this landing, so he was in pitch darkness once hehad passed the doorway.
there was no need to strike a match, however, ashe remembered the exact position of the electric switchboard--on theleft beyond the dining-room door.
he stepped cautiously forward, and stretched forth his hand to grope forthe lever.
with a quick rush, some two or three assailants flungthemselves upon him, and after a fierce, gasping struggle--for bruce wasa strong man--he was borne to the floor face downwards, with one armbeneath him and the other pinioned behind his back.
"look sharp, jim," shouted a breathless voice.
"turn on the light andclose the door.
we've got him safe enough."
two large hands were clutched round his neck, a knee wasfirmly embedded in the small of his back, another hand gripped his leftwrist like a vice, while some one sat on his legs.
he could not have been collared more effectually by a rugbyinternational team.
the third man found the electric light and turned it on.
"now, get up," said some one, "and don't give us any more trouble.
the barrister, who had had his wind knocked out of him, rose to hisknees.
then, as the light fell upon the horrified face of mr. white, hevainly essayed to keep up the pretence of indignation.
once fairly onhis feet, he nearly collapsed with laughter.
he leaned against the wall,and, as his breath came again, he laughed until his sides ached.
meanwhile the detective was crimson with rage and annoyance.
his twoassistants did not know what to make of the affair.
"what's wrong, jim?"
said one at last.
"isn't this corbett?"
"no, of course it's not," was his angry growl.
"then who the ---- is it?"
"oh, ask me another!
how on earth could i guess, mr. bruce, that you'dcome letting yourself in here with a latchkey?"
claude was still holding his sore ribs and could not answer; but thepoliceman who had questioned white caught the name.
he recognized it,and grinned at his companion.
"what did you want here, anyhow?"
snarled the infuriated detective, ashe realized that his great _coup_ would be retailed with embellishmentsthrough every police station in the metropolis.
"i w-wanted you to ar-r-rest me, w-white," roared claude.
"i s-said youwould, and you have."
"confound it, how could you know i was here?"
"you were sure to wait here for a man who probably will not return formonths."
"was i, indeed?
well, you have yourself to blame if you are hurt.
ihope my mates did not treat you too badly?"
cried the one who had not yet spoken.
"he gave me such a punchon the bread-basket that i've only just recovered my speech."
"i think we're about quits," said the other, surveying a torn waistcoatand broken watch-chain.
"i shall be black and blue all over to-morrow," said bruce; "but if youare satisfied i am.
come, mr. white, bring your friends and we will opena bottle of wine.
we all want it.
corbett won't be here to-night.
justnow he is in wyoming."
"how do you know?"
i am seldom mistaken."
"but why didn't you call out just now when you came in?"
"i hadn't a chance.
you were on me like a thousand of bricks.
i mustconfess that if corbett were in my shoes he would be a doomed man."
white didn't know whether to believe bruce or not.
he was genuinelyangry at the incident, but the barrister did not want to convert himinto an enemy, and he vaguely felt that a catastrophe was imminent, anda false move by the police might do irretrievable mischief.
"well, inspector," he said, "i must confess that this time you have gotthe better of me.
i did not know you were here.
i looked in for thepurpose of quietly studying the ground, as it were, and i was never moretaken by surprise in my life.
moreover, your plan was a very clever one,in view of the fact that corbett might return at any moment."
the detective became more amiable at this praise from the famousamateur, for bruce's achievements were well known to his two colleagues.
"i suppose you wondered what had happened," he said with a smile.
"i thought my last hour had come.
i am only sorry that corbett himselfdid not have the experience."
"do you really believe he is in the states, sir?"
"i am sure of it."
"then he must have returned there since he wrote that letter."
"that is the only solution of the difficulty."
it's a pity."
"i would sooner prefer to arrest him on this side.
to get him byextradition is a slow affair, and probably means a trip across theatlantic."
good-humor being now restored, the party quitted the flat and adjournedto a neighboring hotel, where the barrister started white on the full,true, and particular account of his pursuit and capture of the winchmorehill burglars, an exploit which was the pride of the detective's life.
at the end of a bottle of champagne and a cigar they all partedexcellent friends, but bruce did not attempt to revisit raleigh mansionsthat night.
instead, he partook of a quiet meal at a restaurant, and hurried to hischambers to await the advent of the ticket-collector.
punctual to the hour, this new witness arrived, and was admitted bysmith in obedience with previous instructions.
the man was somewhat awedby the surroundings and the appearance of a servant in livery, but brucequickly put him at his ease.
"come, sit near the fire.
do you drink whisky and soda?
that boxcontains your favorite cigars.
now, tell me all you know about thisbusiness."
"i can't s'y as i know anythink about it, sir, but by puttin' two andtwo together it makes four sometimes--not always."
you're a philosopher.
let me hear the two two's.
we willsee about the addition afterwards."
"well, sir, this yer lydy was a-missin' early in november.
she tykes aticket at victoria station on the district for richmond; she gives it upto me at sloane square, arsks a newsboy the w'y to raleigh mansions, for'e tell'd me so after you'd bin to see me, an' from what you s'y, 'asbin swallered up ever since."
"the lord chief couldn't state the case more simply."
"that's the first two.
now, for the second two, an' you won't forgit asi knew nothink about the lydy bein' dead, or i should 'ave opened mymouth long afore this."
no one can blame you."
"there's an old chap--foxey they calls 'im, but i don't know 'is rightnyme--who drives a four-wheeler around chelsea, an' 'e 'ad tyken a farefrom the square to the city.
it might be four o'clock or it might befive, but 'e was on 'is w'y back from cornhill when a gent, a tall,good-looking gent, a youngish, military chap, 'ails 'im and says:'cabby, drive me to sloane square.
there's no 'urry, but tyke care,because it's foggy.'
old foxey nearly jumped out of 'is skin at this bitof good luck.
'e was pretty full then, for 'e's a regular beer-barrel,'e is, but 'e made up 'is mind to 'ave a fair old skinful that night.
well, foxey drives 'im all right to the square.
the gent gives 'im fivebob and says: 'wite 'ere for me, cabby.
you can drive me 'ome in aboutan hour's time.'
this was at 5.30. foxey drew up near the stytion, tellsme all about it, an' stan's me two beers, 'e was that pleased with'isself.
'e goes to give 'is 'oss the nose-bag, in comes the richmondtrain, and out pops the lydy with the richmond ticket.
d'ye follow me?"
"an' you see now 'ow it is i can fix the d'y?"
"well, i sees no more of foxey.
i missed 'im about the square, so oned'y i axes at the rank,--'where's foxey?'
an' where d'ye think 'e was?"
"i can not tell."
that's number two of the twos.
pardon me, but i'm gettin' abit mixed.
well, it seems that that very night, comin' back from putneyas drunk as a lord, old foxey runs over a barrer.
'e an' the coster 'asa fight.
the police come, and foxey dots one bobby in the blinkers andanother on the boko.
you wouldn't think it was in 'im.
'e must 'ave binparalytic."
"so he was locked up?"
'e was dragged there by the 'eels.
next mornin' 'e comesbefore the beak.
'we was all drunk together, your wurshup,' 'e says.
'itook a fare from the city to sloane square, an' 'e left me for more'n anhour.
'e comes back excited like--bin boozin' 'ard, i suppose--brings mykeb up to a 'ouse, carries in a lydy who was that 'toxicated shecouldn't stand, an' tells me to drive to putney.
we gits there, an' isays 'you've nearly killed my 'oss, guv'nor.'
with that 'e tips me afiver--a five-pun note, your wurshup.'
'what has that got to do withthe charge?'
says the beak.
'if a chap give you afiver for drivin' 'im to putney wouldn't you get drunk?'
with that themagistrate gives 'im three months for assaulting the police, and fines'im the balance of the fiver for bein' drunk in charge of a 'oss andkeb."
the ticket collector took a long drink after this recital.
"i hope you will not follow foxey's example," said bruce, rising.
"'ow do you mean, sir?"
"because i am going to keep my word.
here are the four sovereigns i oweyou.
in your case your two and two have made five."
"thank you, sir.
you're a brick.
no fear of me meltin' this little lot.
the missus will be on 'em like a bird w'en i tell her."
and the man spatupon the coins with evident relish as he handled them.
"one word more," said bruce.
"where was this man tried?"
"at the west london police court."
"you can get me his real name and post it to me?"
anyway, i'll try."
"i am greatly obliged to you."
"an' 'as my yarn bin of any use to you, sir?"
it has solved a puzzle.
however, i will see you again.
don't forget to write."
"cornhill is the direct line from leadenhall street," mused claude, whenhe was alone.
"any one coming to sloane square from dodge & co.'s officewould pass through it.
upon my word, things look very black againstmensmore.
yet i cannot believe it."
bruce now had several lines of inquiry open.
apart from the main and vital question as to the exact method of ladydyke's death, and the identity of the person responsible for it, anumber of important matters required attention.
why had jane harding quitted her situation so suddenly?
whence did she obtain the money that enabled her to blossom forth asmarie le marchant?
who was sydney h. corbett?
why did mensmore adopt a false name; and, in any case, why adopt thename of corbett?
why did mrs. hillmer exhibit such sudden terror lest her brother mightbe guilty?
whom did mrs. hillmer marry?
was her husband alive or dead?
was the man who conveyed lady dyke's body from raleigh mansions toputney responsible also for her death?
finally, why did he select that particular portion of the thames banksfor the bestowal of his terrible burden?
many other minor features suggested themselves for careful attention,but the barrister knew that if he elucidated some of the major questionsthe rest would answer themselves.
the last query promised to yield a good crop of information should it besatisfactorily dealt with.
turning to his notes, he found that theformer owner of the putney house was a tutor or preparatoryschoolmaster, named the rev.
could it be that this was the school in which both sir charles dyke andmensmore were fellow-students?
if so, bruce failed to see why he shouldnot forthwith place the whole of the facts in his possession at theservice of the police, and allow the law to take its course.
on this supposition, the case against mensmore was very black; not,indeed, incapable of explanation--for circumstantial evidenceoccasionally plays strange pranks with logic--but of such a grave naturethat no private individual would be justified in keeping his knowledgeto himself.
the deduction was intensely disagreeable; but bruce resolved to coercehis thoughts, and do that which was right, irrespective of consequences.
he did not possess a clergy list.
no letter came from mrs. hillmer, sohe walked across the park to his club in pall mall to consult theappropriately bound black and white volume which gives reference to themany degrees of the church of england.
septimus childe was a distinctive, though simple, name.
and it was notthere.
there was not a childe with a final "e" in the whole book.
without that important letter, as his informant might be mistaken, therewere several.
close scrutiny of each man's designation and dutiesconvinced him that though any of these might be one of the particularchilde's children, none answered to the description of the gentleman hesought.
of course, he could always apply to sir charles dyke, but he dreadedapproaching the grief-stricken baronet on this matter.
now there was nohelp for it.
the barrister was beginning to feel impatient at theconstant difficulties which barred progress in each direction.
afterall, it was a small thing merely to ask his friend if he ever knew areverend gentleman named childe.
bruce was sure that sir charles would not be acquainted with mr. childe,and also with the fact that the putney house had served as his school,for it would be strange beyond credence if it were so that he had notmentioned it.
the weather was still clear and cold, and a wintry sun made walkingpleasant.
claude, on quitting his club, set out again on foot.
hecrossed st. james's square, jermyn street, and piccadilly, and made hisway to oxford street up new bond street.
not often did he frequent these fashionable thoroughfares, and he had anexcellent reason.
when walking, he was given to abstraction, and seldomsaw his acquaintances if he encountered them in unusual quarters.
hewould thus cut dead a woman at whose house he had dined the previousevening, or, when he was in practice at the bar, fail to notice thesalutation of his own leader.
to claude himself this short-coming was intolerable; consciousness of itwhen in the west made him the most alert man in the crowd to noteanybody whom he knew, except on the rare occasions when he forgot hisfailing.
this morning bond street was pleasantly full.
people were beginning toreturn to town.
parliament re-assembled in a few days, and he passedmany who were on his visiting list.
outside a well-known costumer's he saw a brougham, into which a lady hadjust been assisted by the commissionaire.
it is no uncommon thing to recognize an acquaintance by the color of hishorse, or the peculiar cut of the coachman's whiskers.
this time bruceknew the driver as well as the equipage, but the lady was not mrs.hillmer.
instantly he was at the door, with his hat lifted; he assumed anexpression of polite regret as he saw dobson, the maid, in hermistress's place.
"sorry," he said, "i knew the carriage, and thought that mrs. hillmerwas inside.
she is well, i trust."
"not very, sir," answered the maid with an angry pout.
"indeed, what is the matter?"
"madame is going away, and has put us all on board wages."
dobson had some of the privileges of a companion, and resented thisrelegation to the servants' hall.
"a sudden departure, eh?"
the girl was arranging some parcels on the seat in front of her.
she wasnot disinclined for a conversation with this good-looking gentleman, soshe smiled archly, as she said: "didn't you know, sir?
i thought youwould know all about it."
what he might have ascertained by a longer chat the barrister could nottell, for an interruption occurred.
the coachman was more loyal to hismistress than the maid.
"beg pardon, sir," he cried, "but the missus told us to hurry"; and hewhipped his steed into the passing stream of carriages.
"more complications," murmured claude.
"mrs. hillmer contemplates abolt.
shall i pay her another visit and surprise her?
no, confound it, iwill not.
let her go, and let things take their course."
not in the most amiable frame of mind at this discovery, he pursued hiswalk to portman square.
sir charles dyke was at home.
he always was, now.
"for goodness' sake, mr. bruce," whispered thompson in the hall, "try topersuade sir charles to quit smokin', and readin', and thinkin'.
he sitsall day in the library and 'ardly has anything to eat."
claude reproached himself for having neglected his resolution to stirhis friend into something like animation.
he was wondering what heshould do in the matter, when the baronet rose at his entrance, saying,with a weary smile:"well, old fellow, what news?"
the other suddenly decided to throw all questioning to the winds for themoment.
"i have come to bring you out.
i won't hear of a refusal.
let uswalk to the club and have lunch and a game of billiards."
sir charles protested.
he had slept badly and was tired.
"all the more reason that you should sleep well to-night.
come, now, beadvised.
you will allow yourself to become a hopeless invalid if you goon in this way."
dyke unwillingly consented, and they left the house.
the older manbrightened up considerably amidst the bustle of the streets.
his colorreturned, he talked with some degree of cheerfulness, and even laughedas he said:"i never understood you were a doctor, claude, in addition to your othervaried acquirements.
for the first time since--since november last, ifeel hungry."
"why don't you take my advice, and go away for some shooting?
it is nottoo late, even now, to go after a hare."
"i will think of it.
i wonder who we shall meet at the club."
"lots of fellows, no doubt.
and, by the way, you must be prepared forone little difficulty.
suppose they ask about your wife?"
the baronet's momentary gaiety vanished.
he stopped short, and clutchedbruce's arm.
"don't you see," he almost moaned, "that this is the reasoni have remained indoors for so long?
what shall i say?"
"you must make the best of it.
say, off-handedly, you don't know whereshe is--either with relations or in italy.
anything will do, and it willcreate a false impression."
"i am sick of false impressions.
i cannot do it."
the stronger will prevailed, and they entered the doors of the imperial,where, of course, dyke was hailed at once by a dozen men.
"good gracious, dyke!
have you had influenza?
i've missed you formonths, now i come to think of it."
"i haven't seen your wife for quite a time.
how is she?"
in the multitude of questions there was safety.
sir charles answered vaguely, and a chance arrival created a diversionby announcing that the favorite had broken down in his preparation forthe grand national.
later in the afternoon, the two found themselves ensconced in a quietcorner of the smoking-room.
bruce seized the opportunity.
"you told me," he said, "that mensmore and you were at school together?"
said the baronet.
"yes; don't you remember?"
"i get mixed up in thinking about things.
but it is all right.
"oh, a private establishment kept by an old chap called septimuschilde,--lucky number was our nickname for him."
bruce betrayed no surprise at this startlingly simple statement.
he saidcasually:"i mean where was the school situated?"
"at brighton in my time.
but afterwards he shifted to some place nearlondon--something to do with examinations, i fancy."
"but don't you know where?"
"how should i?
i was at sandhurst then.
i believe the old boy is dead.
why do you ask?"
"oh, it has something to do with the inquiry.
i won't trouble you nowwith the details."
"go on, i can stand it."
"but where is the good in paining you needlessly?"
"that stage has passed, old chap.
my wife's memory has almost become adream to me."
"well, it is an extraordinary thing, but that place where--that house atputney, you know, must have been the new school of the rev.
"how did you learn that?"
"i have known it for months, ever since the inquest."
"and you did not tell me?"
"true, but at the time it seemed of no consequence.
now that mensmoreturns out to be a pupil of his, and probably passed the remainder of hisearly school days at that very establishment, the incident assumes adegree of importance."
sir charles looked earnestly at his friend as he put his next question:"tell me, claude, do you seriously believe that mensmore had anything todo with my wife's death?"
"i cannot honestly give you a satisfactory answer."
"but what do you think?"
"if you press me i will try to put my opinion into words.
mensmore wasin some mysterious way associated with the crime; but the degree ofassociation, and whether conscious or unconscious, i do not know."
"what do you mean by 'conscious or unconscious'?"
"i am sure that lady dyke met her death in his residence; but it isimpossible to say now if he was aware of her presence.
he was in londonat the time, that is quite certain."
"do the police know all this?"
"i am glad of it.
mensmore did not kill my wife.
the suggestion isabsurd--wildly absurd."
"things look black against him, nevertheless."
"i tell you it is nonsense.
you are on the wrong track, bruce.
whatpossible reason could he have had to decoy my wife to his flat and theremurder her?"
"then why do you hesitate to agree with me?"
"because there is a woman in the case."
"yes; mensmore's sister, or half-sister, to be exact.
she also lives inraleigh mansions."
so all kinds of things have been going on without my knowledge.
yet you promised faithfully to keep me informed of every incident thattranspired."
"i am sorry, dyke; but you were so upset--""upset, man.
don't you realize that this affair is all i have to thinkabout in the world?"
the baronet was so disturbed that claude at once made up his mindto tell him as little as possible in the future.
these constantpossibilities of rupture between them must be avoided at all hazard.
to change the conversation he said: "never mind; this time you mustpardon my inadvertence.
how do your wife's people bear the continuedmystery of her disappearance?"
"at first they were awfully cut up.
but lately they have been reconciledto her death, which they say must have resulted from accident, and thather identity must have been mixed up with that of some other person.
such things do happen, you know.
anyway, her sister has gone intomourning for her.
you didn't hear, i suppose, that i have made my littlenephew my heir?"
"was that step necessary at your time of life?"
"i shall never marry again, bruce."
"well, let us drop the subject.
you have done right as regards the boyunder present circumstances; but, as a man of the world, i only pointout that it is an unwise thing to bring up a youngster in expectation ofsomething which chance might determine differently."
there is no chance!
my wife cannot return from the grave!"
you have done right, no doubt.
but the suddenness of the thingcaused me to speak unwittingly."
they were silent for a little while, when sir charles returned to thesubject nearest his heart.
"has your search developed in other directions?"
bruce fenced with the query.
"to be candid," he said, "i am now mostbusily engaged in the not very difficult task of throwing dust in theeyes of the police.
my motives are hardly definite to myself, but i donot want this unfortunate man, mensmore, to be arrested until i havepersonally become convinced of his guilt."
"you are right.
your instinct seldom fails you.
i question if he ever,to his own knowledge, saw my wife."
you see you have hit upon the difficulty.
show me her reason formaking that secret journey, and i will tell you how she met her death."
his concluding words sank to a murmur.
an old friend of dyke's hadentered the room and came toward them.
a few minutes later bruce quitted the imperial and drove to hischambers, where he found a note from the ticket collector stating thatfoxey's name was william marsh.
the day was still young, and the barrister paid a visit to the westlondon police court, where the records soon revealed the conviction ofthe cab-driver and the period of his sentence.
"let me see," said the resident inspector, "his time at holloway is upon february 6. that is a monday, and as sunday doesn't count, he will beliberated on the 4th, about 8 a.m. that is the habit, sir, in the matterof short sentences.
if you want to see him when he leaves the jail youcan either wait at the gates or at the nearest public-house, where theprisoners go for their first drink.
they seldom or never miss."
bruce thanked the official and returned home.
he was on the point of going out to drive, when he received a letterfrom sir charles dyke.
it ran:     "_my dear claude_,--today's experiences have taught me to take     the inevitable step of announcing my wife's death.
hence, i     have forwarded the enclosed notice to an advertisement agency,     with instructions to insert it in the principal papers.
i have     also decided to follow your advice and leave town for a few     days.
i am going to wensley, my place in yorkshire, should you     happen to want me.
"yours,                         "charles dyke."
the notice read:     "dyke.--on november 6, alice, wife of sir charles dyke, bart.,     suddenly, at london."
next morning it figured in the obituary columns of many newspapers.
bruce, though taken back by the suddenness of his friend's resolve, sawno reason to endeavor to dissuade him.
in the words of the letter, itwas "the inevitable step."
the _white heather_ swung quietly at her moorings in the harbor ofgenoa the superb.
the lively company on board, tired after a day'ssight-seeing, had left the marble streets and palace cafés to thegenoese, and sought the pleasant seclusion of the yacht's airy promenadedeck.
"dinner on board, followed by a dance," said phyllis, as arbiter of theprocedure.
a few hasty invitations sent out to british residents ingenoa met with general acceptance, and the lull between afternoon teaand the more formal meal was a grateful interlude.
genoa is so shut in by its amphitheatre of hills that unless a galeblows from the west its bay is unruffled, and its atmosphereoppressively hot during the day, even in the winter months.
sir william browne's excursion had proved so attractive to those invitedthat the _white heather_ was taken farther along the coast than wasoriginally intended.
when all the best known resorts of the rivieraitself were exploited, some one, probably prompted thereto by phyllis ormensmore, suggested a run to genoa.
they had been in the port three days, and on the morrow would hand theyacht over to the owner's agents, those on board separating on theirdifferent routes.
the brownes went to florence and rome, and mensmorewas pretending to hold out against a pressing request to accompanythem, cordially given by his prospective father-in-law.
this afternoon phyllis and he were leaning over the taffrail anddiscussing the point.
the young lady was slightly inclined to be angry.
her eyes roamed overthe magnificent panorama of church-crowned hills and verdant valleys,with the white city in front and the picturesque quays looking as thoughthey had been specially decked for a painting by clara montalba.
butphyllis paid heed to none of these things.
she wanted her lover to comewith her, and not to fly away to smoke-covered london.
she cried, "it is always business that men think of.
ofcourse i know that affairs must be attended to, but now that everythingis settled and we are quite happy, it is too bad of you to run awayimmediately."
take your hand off my arm.
you are not going to coax me intoagreement.
just because you receive a horrid letter this morning you goand upset all the arrangements."
"phyllis, listen to me.
i--""you _shan't_ go.
i think it is mean of you to insist upon it when i amso urgent."
"i am not insisting.
you might at least help me to settle matters;otherwise they will get terribly mixed."
"and you _will_ stay?"
"what else can i do when you ask me?"
"oh, you darling!"
this little quarrel was very delightful, and made them feel ever so muchmore in love than before; but it did not help mensmore out of hisdifficulty.
"let us see what corbett really says," he remarked, ruefully taking aletter from his pocket.
"am i to look, too?"
i have no secrets from you, little woman."
phyllis nestled up close to him.
this time she did not object to hishand resting on her shoulder, and together they read the followingletter:     "_my dear bertie_,--at last i am able to write you definitely.
the prospectors have struck it rich on our property, and i have     sold two claims outright for $50,000.
with this nest-egg i am     taking the girls to new york, and shall then start by the     _teutonic_ for your side of the pond.
i am due in liverpool on     february 4, so look out for me.
"yours ever,                         "sydney h.
both gazed thoughtfully at the document for a few moments before phyllissaid:"does that mean we shall be rich, bertie?"
her companion emphasized the gratification of the plural pronoun by asqueeze.
"i hope so, sweet."
"that will be very nice, won't it?
i will marry you even if you have totake a place in father's office; but it will be so much better if wehaven't to explain to him that we are poor after all."
"it is not so bad as that in any case," he said.
"thisspringbok mine speculation will probably turn out well, but i look towyoming to yield the best and most permanent results."
"why is mr. corbett coming to london?"
"because it is only in london that capital can be obtained for largeundertakings, and if the wyoming goldfield is really a valuable one wemay be able to realize some portion of our interests for a considerablesum.
anyhow, he wants to consult me."
"do you both own the ranch?"
"yes; it was a joint transaction, but i found the money."
"and why did you come away?"
"well, we made very little out of it, phil.
as corbett has two sisters,i thought it best to leave what there was for him.
he was absurdlygrateful about what he called my generosity in the matter, but now thatthe land has proved valuable, of course all that nonsense is at an end,and we go half-shares in the deal."
they are very nice, but much older than theirbrother, and he is my senior by two years."
miss browne was graciously pleased to accept this explanation.
sheknitted her smooth brow into a reflective frown as she said:"mr. corbett arrives on the 4th.
it is now january 30th.
you reallyought to go home, bertie."
"now my dear, sensible little woman is talking like her own self."
"i see i must give you permission.
but i did hope we would see florencetogether."
"so we shall.
i'll tell you what i can do.
i shall write to corbettto-day, care of the steamer at liverpool, tell him to go to my flat, andstay there a few days until i arrive, and go home myself at the end ofnext week.
he is sure to spend some time seeing the sights beforetackling business, and he can do that as well without me as if i werethere.
a line to my old housekeeper, who has a spare key, will make theplace habitable for him.
happy thought, i'll do it."
"and another happy thought!
i'll come and watch you do it."
she did not notice that mensmore's face clouded at this otherwisepleasant intimation.
nevertheless, he raced off with her to the saloonand seated himself at the writing-table.
but before he placed pen topaper, phyllis bending over him meanwhile, he suddenly exclaimed, in atone of annoyance:"now, what a bore this is.
i don't know how to address the letter tomake sure of reaching him at once, and it is very important that itshould not miss him."
"father will know.
let us ask him."
"no," said mensmore judicially, "i will row across the harbor to theflorio-rubattino office, find out the exact thing, and send off theletter.
back in half-an-hour.
and before phyllis could argue the matter he was at the gangway shoutingfor a boat.
she blew a kiss to him as he shot over the narrow strip of water insidethe mole, and little realized that mensmore was saying to himself:"that was a narrow squeak.
never again, as long as i live, will i takeanother man's name.
it causes no end of bother, and at the mostunexpected moments."
he did not trouble the florio-rubattino people, as he well knew that aletter addressed to the white star offices would insure anycommunication reaching his friend.
the context of the missive, as finally indited at the post-office,explains his hesitancy to write it in the presence of his _fiancée_.
"_my dear sydney_,--your good news is more than surprising.
although i believe you, i cannot yet grasp its full     significance.
however, let us leave explanations until we meet.
i am fixed here for a few days more, as i have just become     engaged to the sweetest girl in the world, but will return home     at the end of next week.
meanwhile i want you to take up your     residence at my flat, no.
12 raleigh mansions, sloane square,     where my housekeeper has instructions to receive you.
do not be     surprised if you find the name of corbett familiar there.
indeed, i took the place in your name in august last.
however,     all explanations when we meet.
"yours ever,                         "bertie mensmore."
this, with a note to the housekeeper, mrs. robinson, and another to thehall-porter of the universities club, lest by any chance the liverpoolletter missed his friend, completed his task.
he laughed as he hurried from the post-office to the harbor.
he said to himself, "won't old robinson be surprised whenshe gets my letter telling her that another mr. corbett is coming fromamerica, and that my name, concealed for family reasons, is mensmore.
iguess that sydney will feel a bit mixed up, too, until i tell him thewhole yarn."
no wonder his housekeeper would fail to understand him.
others, whose influence on his fortunes he little suspected, werealready puzzled by the circumstances.
bruce, for instance, and whitewould be very glad if some occult power enabled them to read theseemingly trivial letters posted that day in genoa.
every person known to the reader, and not the least the visitor from theunited states, was on the eve of a mad whirl of events, the outcome ofwhich no man could prophesy.
as yet, one man only, claude bruce, had theslightest suspicion that affairs were approaching a crisis.
when mensmore reached the _white heather_ he found lady browne andphyllis dressed for a drive before dinner.
sir william seized theopportunity to cross-examine his daughter's suitor as to his means.
phyllis was an only child, and her father did not propose that sheshould live in penury, whatever the financial position of her husbandmight be.
he liked mensmore, and had ascertained by private inquiriesthat his social position was good.
"his father was a major-general," said his informant, "who lost hissavings by speculation, and was unable to maintain his son in a crackcavalry corps, so the youngster resigned and went to america to try tobetter himself.
there was a daughter, too, by the first wife, a verycharming woman, who, when the crash came, was supposed to have gone onthe stage.
but i have never heard of her since."
so far, the credentials were not bad; but sir william thought it hisduty to ascertain definite particulars.
mensmore was quite candid with him.
"i have been somewhat of a rolling stone," he said, "but i am glad tobelieve that people have never had cause to think ill of me.
at times,my affairs have been at a desperate stage, but i hope such periods havepassed forever.
i have already spoken to you about the springbok mine--"the old gentleman nodded.
"well, this morning i have received very satisfactory news fromamerica," and he handed over corbett's letter for perusal.
"yes," agreed sir william, "these things promise well.
we will look intothem when we reach england.
meanwhile, i give my provisional sanction tomy daughter's engagement.
she is a good girl, mensmore.
she will be atrue and excellent wife.
i think you are worthy of her, and i hope thatwhatever clouds may have darkened your life will now pass away.
you twoought to be happy."
"we will, sir," said mensmore fervently.
"by the way, where is your sister?
is she in england or abroad?"
mensmore had been expecting this question.
he was prepared for it.
"mrs. hillmer is my half-sister," he explained.
"i have not seen much ofher since--since an unhappy marriage she contracted some years ago."
is her husband alive?"
"i can hardly tell you.
i believe so.
but she does not live with him.
she is well provided for, but it was partly on account of this matterthat i came to the riviera for the winter.
to tell the truth, iquarrelled with her about it."
her troubles need not affect phyllis and you, except to giveyou warning.
and take my advice.
never interfere between husband andwife.
however good your motive, ill is sure to come of it."
in the growing dusk sir william browne did not note his companion'sembarrassment in discussing this topic.
mensmore was essentially anhonorable man, and he detested the necessity which forced him to permitfalse inferences to be drawn from his words.
yet there was no help forit.
he was compelled to suffer for the faults of another.
it was relief when the dressing-bell for dinner allowed him to escape tohis cabin.
there was quite a large gathering for dinner.
places like genoa containa number of highly interesting personages if the visitor discovers them.
the british race produces a richer variety of human flotsam and jetsamthan any other.
these derelicts come to anchor in out-of-the-way partsof the earth.
they seem to have been everywhere and have doneeverything, while the whole world is an open book to them.
thus there was no lack of variety in the conversation, and, as usual insuch assemblies, it dealt more with persons than with incidents.
phyllis had arranged the guests, so it may be taken for granted that herlover was near her--in fact, he sat exactly opposite.
the lady he tookin to dinner was the wife of an english doctor, and the british consulat the port was miss browne's table companion.
the consul was a chatty man, who kept himself well informed concerningsociety events.
"by the way," he said to phyllis, "did you ever meet lady dyke?"
"no, her name is not familiar to me."
"do you mean the wife of sir charles dyke?"
said mensmore; and thesudden interest he evinced caused phyllis to glance at him wonderingly.
"yes, that is she."
"i know sir charles well.
what is there new about his wife?"
"she is dead."
when, and how?"
mensmore was so obviously agitated that others present noticed it, andphyllis marvelled much that in all their confidence the name of dyke hadnever escaped his lips.
the consul, too, was a little nonplussed by the sensation caused by hiswords.
"i fear," he said, "that i have blurted out the fact rather unguardedly.
the dykes are friends of yours?"
"no, no, not in that sense.
sir charles i have known for many years.
butare you sure his wife is dead?"
"my authority is an announcement in the _times_ to hand by to-day'spost.
i should not have mentioned it were not her ladyship so well knownin society, and the affair is peculiar, to say the least."
in his all-absorbing interest in the consul's statement, mensmore paidno heed to the curious looks directed at him; he had become very pale,and was more excited in manner than the circumstances appeared towarrant.
"in this sense: the paper is the issue of january 28, yet the noticesays that lady dyke died on november 6. this is odd, is it not?
a womanof her position could hardly have quitted life so quietly that no onewould trouble to publish the fact until nearly three months after theevent."
"it is extraordinary--inexplicable!"
"did you know lady dyke personally, bertie?"
put in phyllis timorously.
the question restored mensmore to some sense of his surroundings.
"i have never even seen her," he said, trying desperately to becommonplace; "but her husband is an old schoolfellow of mine, and ihave heard much of both of them since their marriage.
i am quite shockedby the news."
"i can only repeat my regret for having spoken of it so carelessly,"said the polite consul.
"oh, i am glad to know of it since it has happened.
poor lady dyke!
howstrange that she should die!"
phyllis had the tact to change the conversation, and mensmore graduallyrecovered his self-possession.
a woman's eyes are keener than a manoften gives her credit for; and phyllis saw quite plainly that after thefirst effect of the news had passed it, in some indefinable way, seemedto have a good effect on her lover.
but if a woman's intuition is seldomat fault her reasoning faculties are narrow.
trying to arrive at a solution of the mystery attending mensmore'sbehavior, phyllis suddenly became hot all over.
she felt furiously and inordinately jealous of a woman she did not know,and who was admittedly dead before mensmore and she herself had met.
hence her nose went high in the air when bertie claimed her for thefirst dance.
"who is this lady dyke in whom you are so deeply interested?"
she said,drawing him beneath a sheltering awning.
"as i said," replied mensmore, "she is the wife of an old acquaintanceof mine."
"but you must have been very fond of her to feel so keenly when youheard of her death?"
"fond of her!
i have never, to my knowledge, laid eyes on her."
and the tone was somewhat mollified.
"then why did you look soworried during dinner?"
"simply because i know sir charles."
"what a dear, sympathetic little boy you are!
when i die, bertie, isuppose you will drop down stiff from grief at once."
"don't talk nonsense.
we are missing all this delightful music."
and they whirled away down the snowy deck, forgetful of all things saveone, that they were in love.
now, what a pity it was that bruce was not on board the _white heather_that night.
many complications, and not a little misery, would have beenavoided thereby.
sir charles dyke, in sending off the hurried announcement of his wife'sdeath, forgot the "society" papers.
such a promising topic did not come in their way every week, and theymade the most of it.
where did lady dyke die?
under what circumstancesdid she die?
they rolled the morsel under their tongue in everyconceivable manner.
details were not forthcoming.
"our representative called at wensley house, portman square, but wasinformed that sir charles was in yorkshire."
inquiry by a local reporterfrom sir charles in person elicited no information.
"lady dyke is dead,"wrote this enterprising journalist; "of that there can be no manner ofdoubt, but her husband states that for family reasons he is unable tosupply the public with the precise facts concerning his wife's demise."
this ill-advised authentic statement only fanned the flame.
an eveningjournal got hold of the proceedings at the putney coroner's court whichinquired into the death of a woman found in the thames, and, with aportentous display of headlines, published an interview with the doctorgiving particulars of the iron spike found imbedded in the skull.
the paper was also able to state "on the best authority" that at thisinquest sir charles dyke and the missing lady's personal maid werecalled in to identify the body, but failed.
a first-class sensation was in full swing and threatened to reach thequestion stage in the house of commons when bruce took hold of affairs.
he went to sir charles dyke's solicitors, and induced them to send outthe following authoritative communication to the press:    "much unnecessary pain is being caused to sir charles dyke and    to the relatives of his late wife by the comments which have    appeared in many newspapers regarding lady dyke's death.
her    ladyship left her home on november 6th to pay a visit to her    sister at richmond, and since that date has not been seen or    heard of.
there was no possible reason for her disappearance.
after a long and agonizing search, her husband and relatives    have come to the conclusion that she met with some accident on    the date named, with the result that her identity was not    established, and she was probably buried from some hospital or    other institution long before her friends seriously entertained    the thought that she was dead.
every such case of accidental    death followed by the interment of unknown persons by the    authorities, occurring on or about november 6th, has since been    rigidly investigated, but no definite trace has been found of    the missing lady.
sir charles dyke determined to take the public    step of announcing his wife's death in the hope that any    hitherto undiscovered clue might thereby come to light.
but    there are no grounds to suppose that any other explanation of    the occurrence than that given will be forthcoming.
the    investigation has been in the hands of scotland yard throughout,    so no good purpose can be served by further discussion in the    press of what is now, and threatens to remain, a mystery    rendered more complex by the simplicity of its leading    features."
several newspapers, of course, pointed out that they were helpingforward the inquiry by noising it abroad, but thenceforth the paragraphsceased, being eclipsed in interest by the revelations of a great divorcecase in which there were no less than six titled co-respondents.
one man was much puzzled by the original obituary notice and thesemi-official statement supplied by the solicitors.
mr. white did not know what to make of them.
he guessed that bruce hadinspired that "explanation," and he read the concluding sentence manytimes.
"it threatens to remain a mystery, does it not?"
"justwait, mr. bruce, until i lay my hands on corbett.
clever as you are, ithink i will show you that scotland yard can occasionally get the betterof your theories.
anyhow, corbett will have to be very explicit abouthis movements before i am satisfied that he knows nothing about thisbusiness."
he had written to the chief of police at cheyenne, and somethingdefinite would soon come to hand.
nevertheless, he felt somewhat shaken in his diagnosis of the crime.
wyoming was a long way from london, and the letter from corbett, whichhe had in his possession, did not exactly confirm his suspicion thatthis man was concerned in the murder of lady dyke.
he quickly became aware of mrs. hillmer's departure, and at once jumpedto the conclusion that she had recently left england for the unitedstates.
a close scrutiny of the passenger lists at liverpool andsouthampton did not help him much, and he ultimately resolved to call onbruce, in the hope that a chance exclamation might reveal thebarrister's opinion of the situation.
claude was not at a loss to account for mr. white's presence.
"i expected you," he said.
"really now, may i ask why, sir?"
"because you have missed mrs. hillmer, and you want me to help you findwhere she has gone, and why."
the detective smiled.
"i won't say that you are wrong, sir," he cried.
"in these affairs it isalways well to keep an eye on the woman, you know."
"when did mrs. hillmer leave raleigh mansions?"
"on the 30th."
"it is now february 3. four days ago, eh?"
"that is the time.
she might have left by the american line fromsouthampton or the cunard from liverpool on wednesday, but she did not,and no one answering to her description is booked by the white starto-morrow."
do you think she has gone to america?"
she's in league with corbett, somehow, of that i amcertain, and i think that the monte carlo address was a mere blind--aclever one, too, as it even deceived you, mr.
it did deceive me."
"then why are you so surprised at the suggestion that the lady shouldattempt to cross the atlantic?"
"because i have not your rapid perception of the points of the case."
"that's your way of pulling my leg, mr.
the barrister smiled.
mrs. hillmer, of course, had gone to monte carlo.
once there she wouldhave little difficulty in tracing the _white heather_, and overtakingmensmore.
she would warn him of the police pursuit, and there would be a scenebetween them.
how would it result?
would mensmore, guilty, seek safety in flight?
would he, innocent, return to london and demand to be confronted withhis accusers?
for the life of him, bruce could not say positively.
yet he felt thesituation was too delicate to be dealt with by mr. white's bludgeonmethods, and he forebore to speak.
the detective interpreted his silence as an admission of inability tofind a satisfactory explanation of mrs. hillmer's absence.
he went on:"corbett is not at monte carlo."
"so i imagined."
"well, it is a fact.
the police have made constant inquiries for him atthe hotel du cercle and elsewhere.
not the slightest trace of him can befound."
"i was there myself, you know."
i have not forgotten that.
but it shows what a clever rascalthe fellow is in concealing his identity.
however, he could never havecounted on my discovering that letter of his.
even if he is not inamerica we shall have some reliable data to go upon in answer to myqueries."
"there i fully agree with you.
you will have done a great deal if youthoroughly clear up the mystery regarding corbett.
may i ask you to letme know the result?"
"with pleasure, sir.
and now, can i request a favor in return?"
"tell me, then, what is, in your opinion, the best way to find mrs.
bruce did not expect to be thus openly challenged on the matter.
it wasone thing to withhold his own theories and discoveries from thisrepresentative of the majesty of the law, but quite another to refuse tohelp a detective with whom he was nominally working.
besides, mrs. hillmer had four days' start.
it would take sometime--possibly a telegram would not be sufficiently explicit--to obtainthe desired assistance from the continental police.
yes--in thisinstance, mensmore must take his chances.
"if i were you," said bruce, slowly weighing his words, "i would inquireat the continental booking-offices at victoria and charing cross, andfrom the guards in charge of the morning mail trains on the 30th.
infact, it would be quite safe if you were to wire the authorities atmonte carlo, asking if mrs. hillmer is not now at the hotel du cercle."
the detective started as though he had been shot.
he cried, "you think she is there all the time?"
"i think she has been there since wednesday morning."
"that is what i mean.
why did you not tell me sooner?"
"because you never asked me.
and now, mr. white, one word of advice.
"it's all jolly fine telling me to go slow when i have no reason to gofast.
the case even against corbett is shadowy enough at present."
wait until you can grasp a substance."
"i will, sir," said white, jamming his hat on; "but when i lay my handson corbett i will grasp him hard enough."
it took the policeman all that day to satisfy himself that mrs. hillmerhad really booked for the riviera by the club train from charing crosson the preceding monday.
just as he verified the fact, came a reply from the monte carlo police:     "mrs. hillmer arrived at the hotel du cercle on wednesday.
left     for italy same afternoon.
shall we endeavor to trace her?"
"oh, bother," he growled.
"corbett may be in jerusalem by this time.
andhere have i been fussing about wyoming or some other potato-patch in thefar west."
however, he wired again to monte carlo:     "yes.
locate mrs. hillmer, if possible.
i will then telegraph     instructions to local police."
when this message was despatched he felt easier in his mind.
the chase was at least getting warm.
"i cannot arrest him yet," he reflected; "but if i once get fairly onhis track, i will not lose sight of him again if i can help it.
isuppose it will mean a trip to italy for me.
i must lay the evidencebefore the treasury to see if a warrant is justified."
two days passed without incident.
late on sunday evening, february 5, a continental telegram was handed tohim at scotland yard:     "mrs. hillmer's present address, hotel imperiale, florence."
he promptly wired the chief of police at florence:     "keep mrs. hillmer, english visitor, hotel imperiale, under     surveillance.
also watch her associates, particularly     englishman named corbett, if there.
"that's a good stroke of business," said he, when the message was sent.
"now we shan't be long!"
it was in contented mood that he lit a cigar in his office, beforewalking home for dinner, but a messenger with the badge of thecommercial cable company in northumberland avenue bustled past him.
"who's the cable for, boy?"
said the detective.
"white, scotland yard," was the answer.
he tore open the envelope, and found that the contents were coded, buthe caught the word "corbett" amidst the unintelligible jumble.
with some excitement he rushed into the office to find the a b c code,and after some confusion in deciphering the words, this was what heread:     "regret delay in replying to your communication.
corbett left     new york in _white star_ steamer due liverpool, february 4."
why, that's yesterday.
good gracious, he's here all thetime.
well, of all the--"but exclamations were useless.
calling another plain-clothes man toaccompany him, he drove off in mad haste to sloane square.
about an hour later bruce received a typewritten slip gummed on to atelegraph form.
it was from florence, and ran as follows:     "my brother wildly excited regarding allegations.
we start for     london to-night.
meanwhile fearful complications expected.
mr.     corbett, of wyoming, my brother's friend, is probably occupying     his flat, and may be arrested.
we both trust you to save him.
wire us at modane or gare du nord.
so bruce also raced off in a hansom towards sloane square.
the detective glanced up at bruce's chambers while passing throughvictoria street.
"i wonder what he would think if he knew what we are after," he said tohis colleague, one of the two who accompanied him when the barrister wasarrested by mistake.
"what _are_ we after?"
said the policeman.
"this time we are going to nail the right corbett," was the confidentanswer.
"will we cart him off?"
"well, now, that depends.
i think i am quite right in collaring himunless he explains to my satisfaction, which is hardly likely."
"the charge is one of murder, isn't it?"
"who did he kill?"
"well, up to now it hasn't come out, for the sake of the family.
but ifcorbett is here you will know soon enough."
"it's a funny way to go to work."
"commissioner's orders, my boy.
i am not to reveal the la-- the nameuntil it cannot be helped.
however, as i have said so much, i don't mindtelling you it's a woman, and a big one too."
fat, do you mean?"
a woman of high position."
a regular society scandal, i suppose?"
"that's about the size of it."
on arrival at sloane square they quickly ascended to no.
a stout, elderly woman answered their knock, and a glance at her facerevealed the map of ireland, although her name was saxon robinson.
"mr. corbett in?"
"faix, he's not."
"then where is he?"
"i don't know, misther, an' if i did i wouldn't be afther telling whenaxed in an oncivil manner."
"all right, mrs. ----""robinson's my name, if that's anny use to ye."
"very well, mrs. robinson.
we wish to have a word with mr. corbett, andwe will be much obliged if you can tell us when he is likely to return,if he is in london."
"arrah, it's meself is mixed intirely about him.
sure _this_ mr. corbettis in london right enough, and is comin' in to dinner in half-an-hour,so by yer lave i'll jist go on wid me wurruk."
"may we come in and wait for him?"
mrs. robinson surveyed them suspiciously, but seemingly decided in theirfavor.
"stip in here, gintlemen both," she said, and conducted them to thesitting-room.
a fire now burned brightly in the grate wherein bruce had made hispregnant discovery.
the damaged bracket still stared at white, so tospeak, but he saw it not.
mrs. robinson bustled away to the kitchen, and the two officers satsilently waiting developments.
suddenly a thought occurred to white, andhe went into the passage.
"mrs. robinson," he said, "what did you mean by referring to _this_ mr.
a quick step came bounding up the stairs, and a key rattled in the lock.
"you'd betther ax him yerself," responded the housekeeper pithily, andthe door opened to admit a handsome, well-knit man, tall and straight,with the clearly cut features of the true westerner, and the easycarriage of one accustomed to the freedom of the prairie.
he was quietly dressed.
the only sign that he was not a londoner wasgiven by his wide-awake felt hat, the last token of environmentrelinquished by a wandering citizen from the region of the rockies.
inthe semi-darkness of the interior he could but dimly discern the form ofthe detective behind the ready-tongued housekeeper.
"there's two gintlemen to see ye, misther corbett," said she.
"well, now, that's curious," he answered cheerfully.
"i can only see oneof you, but i'm glad to have you call, stranger, anyway.
come right in.
are you sent by my friend to kinder cheer me up?
i find this big city ofyours a powerful kind of tonic after wyoming.
come right in."
mr. white was as greatly nonplussed by the newcomer's attitude as by hisflow of language.
within the drawing-room corbett caught sight of the second detective.
here's the other one.
ve-ry glad to meet you both.
now, ifyou'll just tell me your names we'll get along straight away, as i guessyou know mine all right."
the man was genuinely pleased by this unexpected visit.
he smilinglypushed towards them a box of cigars, green ones, and helped himself to aweed.
"my name," said the detective, "is inspector white, of scotland yard,and my friend here accompanies me officially."
"and hasn't he got a name?"
"yes; but it doesn't matter."
"well, if it doesn't matter, we won't quarrel.
i guess you've got amessage of some sort for me, else you wouldn't trouble to climb thesestairs.
why don't you have el-e-vators in these big buildings?"
"as i said," began mr. white, "we are from scotland yard."
i've got that fixed o.k.
your name is i. white, fromscotland yard.
i don't know where scotland yard is, but we'll worryalong without the geography of it."
"i am in the police.
my title is inspector.
it is not my christian name.
scotland yard is the headquarters of the london police."
the american's eyes opened wide in wonder at this announcement, and aperplexing thought seemed to occur to him.
but he said quietly:"i'll figure it out better when you tell me why you've been good enoughto call.
and suppose we all sit down.
i'm not used to stone pavements.
"your name is sydney h.
said the detective severely, though hetook a chair.
"so my people always told me."
"and you have occupied these chambers since august last?"
"so i am informed."
"get along with your story."
"you have just returned to england from wyoming.
the new york policecabled me that you arrived in liverpool yesterday."
"did they now?
that was real cute of 'em."
"i want to ask you, in the first instance, the exact date of yourdeparture from this country."
before replying to the detective corbett looked at him fixedly, asthough he was trying to read what was passing in his mind.
at last he said with a smile:"say, what are you after, mr. white of scotland yard?
what's the game?
who's been fooling you?"
"that is not the way to talk to me, sir.
answer my question fully andproperly, or it may be worse for you."
have you come to wipe the floor with me?"
"are you going to reply to me or not?"
"i'm not going to speak square to any man who comes along and puts athing like you do."
i can get my information by other means.
you leave me noalternative--"mr. white had half risen and was about to add, "but to arrest you,"when, with a rapidity known only to those accustomed to "draw" fromboyhood, corbett whipped a revolver from a hip pocket and covered thebridge of white's nose with the muzzle.
"just you sit still, right there, mr. white of scotland yard, or i willlet daylight through you and your nameless friend if he interferes.
you'd better believe me.
i won't speak twice."
neither white nor his companion were cowards.
but they were quitehelpless.
they had not grappled with the circumstances with sufficientalertness, and they were utterly at this man's mercy.
they were awayfrom the door, and a table separated them from corbett, while there wasthat in his eye which told them he would shoot if either of them moved.
they both sprang to their feet, and glared at him impotently.
"now, gentlemen," said corbett, with the utmost coolness, "let mepersuade you to sit down again and go on with your story, whichinterests me."
white was scarlet with wrath and annoyance.
"let me tell you--" he roared.
"make the best of it, jim," murmured the other policeman; and the queergathering resumed their seats.
"that's better," said corbett genially.
"now, we'll have a nice littlechat.
am i correct in supposing that you were about to march me off tojail just now, when i spoilt the proposition?"
"there's no use in resisting," growled white.
"you cannot escape.
if youhave an atom of sense left you will come with us quietly, as it's all upwith you."
"it looks like it," said corbett, with a grim smile.
"but if it's so bada case as all that, there's no desperate hurry, is there?"
"you're only making matters more difficult for yourself."
but as i happen to be a citizen of the united states, i allowthat i can't be whipped off to prison just because a fool like youthinks it's good for me.
i've been a law-abiding man all my life, andi've lived in places where each man made his own law.
if you can showgood cause for your action, i'll stand the racket.
at present i regardyou as a blamed idiot."
the situation overcame the detective.
he could only mutter:"time will show who's the idiot."
"i'm getting hungry, mr. white of scotland yard, and i've a kind ofnotion that the old lady is ready with the eatables.
will you be goodenough to say what you're after?"
"i came here to ask you to account for your movements, and, failing asatisfactory explanation, to arrest you."
"on what charge?"
"for being concerned in the murder of lady dyke, on or about november 6last."
"i placed you right away.
you are a blamed idiot, mr. white of scotlandyard."
this repetition of his name and address goaded the detective almostbeyond endurance.
"now you know the charge," he shouted, "are you coming with us quietly,or--""or what?"
the revolver still hovered across the table.
"are we going to sit here all night?"
it was a weak conclusion, but to suggest an attack was sheer madnessunder the conditions.
"i guess not," was the calm answer.
"i want my dinner, and i mean tohave it."
eat your dinner and have done with it."
you and your friend shall join me.
we'll have a nicelittle talk and straighten out matters, which have got kinder mixed."
this was too much for white's associate.
he burst out laughing.
"i allowed there was a joke in the deal, somewhere," went on corbett,"but i haven't quite got the hang of it yet.
now, mr. white of scotlandyard, are you going to act like a reasonable man, or must i keep yournose in line with the barrel?"
white was saved from deciding which horn of the dilemma he would landon, for a sharp rat-tat at the door induced silence, and a moment laterbruce's voice was heard inquiring:"is mr. corbett in?"
"faix, there may be a half-a-dozen of him in by this time," cried mrs.robinson.
"i dunno where i am, at all, at all.
the gintlemen are in theparlor, sir."
and bruce entered.
in order to enfilade the new-comer scientifically, corbett backed to thecorner.
claude glanced at the three, saw the revolver, and said with acomical air of relief:"thank goodness, nothing has happened.
put away your pistol, mr.corbett; you will not need it."
although the barrister's manner differed considerably from the brusquemethods adopted by mr. white, the american remained on his guard.
hesaid stiffly:"you all seem to know me fairly well; but if you had the advantage ofcloser acquaintance, you would allow that i am not the man to be rushedon a confidence trick.
if somebody doesn't explain quick i will lose mytemper, and there will be trouble."
"i sympathize with you!"
"but the first thing you mustlearn in this country is to keep dry cigars for your visitors.
ourrespective tastes differ in that respect."
"i guess i'll cotton to you, stranger; but i'm tired holding thispistol."
"put it away, then.
i tell you it is not wanted.
white, listen to me.
you have hit upon the wrong man."
cried the detective, feeling more confident in thebarrister's presence.
"why, i've had a cable about him from new york."
"possibly; but you're mistaken, nevertheless.
mr. corbett has not beenwithin five thousand miles of england for years, possibly not in hislife."
"bully for you, stranger!"
broke in corbett.
"then who is mr. sydney h. corbett whom you believe, as well as i, to bethe murderer of lady dyke?"
the last time i saw you i appealed to you to go slow.
the man whom you want, simply because he happens to be the real occupantof these rooms, is at present travelling to london as fast he can fromflorence, and his sister, mrs. hillmer, is with him."
gasped the policeman.
"i've just arranged tohave her watched there."
"your arrangements, though admirable, are somewhat late in the day."
"then what is her brother's name?"
for some reason, hidden at this moment, he lived hereunder the name of the gentleman who has, i see, been giving you apractical lesson in the art of not jumping at conclusions."
"have you known this long?"
"for some weeks."
"then why didn't you tell me?"
"because i have no definite reason for connecting mensmore with ladydyke's death.
if i had, his action in returning to london the moment hehears of the charge would shake my belief."
"who told him?"
"oh, this business is quite beyond me.
i can't fathom it a little bit."
and white sank dejectedly to his chair again.
"i don't know what you're talking about, gentlemen," said corbett,pocketing his revolver; "but it dawns upon me that i shan't be requiredto shoot anybody or sleep in jail to-night."
"why didn't you answer my questions properly, and save all thisnonsense?"
"i'll tell you why, sir.
the name of a friend of mine has beenmentioned.
albert mensmore has been more than a brother to me.
i allowedyou meant mischief to him, as you thought you were talking to him allthe time.
i don't know much about you, but i hope that your first actionwould not be to give away your chum if he is in trouble."
the detective did not answer, though his look of astonishment atcorbett's declaration of motive was eloquent enough.
"before we quit this business," went on the american, "let me say onething.
any man who tells you that albert mensmore murdered a woman istelling you a lie.
i don't know anything about this lady dyke, or howshe may have died, but i do know my friend.
he's good in a tight place,but, to think of him killing a woman--jehosh, it's sickening."
mrs. robinson burst in, with face aflame.
"is this palaverin' to go on all night?"
she demanded angrily.
"here'sthe dinner sphilin', after all me worry and bother, with the head of mevexed to know who is the masther and who ishn't."
"all right, mother," laughed corbett.
"bring in the whole caboodle."
"mr. corbett," said bruce, "i hope you will come and have lunch with meto-morrow, at this address," handing him a card.
"i want to have a longtalk with you.
mr. white, if you come with me i will explain a good dealto you of which you are now in ignorance."
"surely, mr. corbett will answer a few questions first," said thedetective.
"don't you think you have troubled him sufficiently for this evening?
besides, he can tell us nothing.
all the explanation is really due tohim, and i propose to give it to him to-morrow.
come, white, this time ipromise you that a considerable portion of your inquiry shall be clearedup, and i do not speak without foundation, as you have often learnedhitherto."
so the mysterious sydney h. corbett was left in undisturbed possessionof his flat and his dinner, while the trio passed out into the quietudeof the streets.
mr. white was actually inclined to preserve silence while they walked tovictoria street.
the events of the preceding hour had not exactlyconduced to the maintenance, in the eyes of his brother officer, of thatpre-eminent sagacity which he invariably claimed.
his companion rubbed in this phase of the matter by saying: "i shouldthink, jim, you will give raleigh mansions wide berth for some time tocome, after making two bad breaks there."
but it was no part of bruce's scheme that the detective should berendered desperate by repeated failures.
"it is not mr. white's fault,"he said, "that these errors have occurred.
they are rather the result ofhis pertinacity in leaving no clue unsolved which promises to lead tosuccess.
when this case ends, if ever it does end, i feel sure he willadmit that he has never before encountered so much difficulty inunravelling the most complex problems within his experience."
"that is so," chimed in the senior detective.
"the thing that beats mein this affair is the want of a beginning, so to speak.
one wouldimagine it the work of a lunatic if lady dyke herself had notcontributed so curiously to the mystery of her disappearance."
"there you are, white; that is the true scent.
find the motive and wefind the murderer, if lady dyke was wilfully put to death."
"_if_ she was, mr. bruce?
have you any doubt about it?"
"there cannot be certainty when we are groping in the dark.
but thegloom is passing; we are on the eve of a discovery."
at bruce's residence white's colleague left him.
soon the barrister andthe policeman were sitting snugly before a good fire.
there claude took him step by step through each branch of his inquiry asit is known to the reader.
he omitted nothing.
the discovery of jane harding and of mensmore, thelatter's transactions with dodge & co., his dramatic _coup_ at montecarlo and its attendant love episode--all these were exhaustivelydescribed.
he enlarged upon mrs. hillmer's anxiety when the tragedybecame known to her, and did not forget sir charles dyke's amazement atthe suggestion that his old playmate might prove to be responsible forthe death of his wife.
he produced the waxen moulds of the piece of iron found on the body atputney, and the ornamental scroll from which it had been taken.
at this bit of evidence mr. white's complacency forsook him.
thus far hehad experienced a feeling of resentment against bruce for havingconcealed from him so much that was material to their investigation.
but when he realized that a powerful link in the chain of events had allalong been placidly resting before his eyes his distress was evident,and the barrister came to his rescue.
"you are not to blame, white," he said, "for having failed to note manythings which i have now told you.
you are the slave of a system.
yourmethod works admirably for the detection of commonplace crime, but assoon as the higher region of romance is reached it is as much out ofplace as a steam-roller in a lady's boudoir.
look at the remarkableseries of crimes the english police have failed to solve of late, merelybecause some _bizarre_ element had intruded itself at the outset.
haveyou ever read any of the works of edgar allan poe?"
the detective answered in the affirmative.
"the murders of the ruemorgue" and "the mystery of marie roget" were familiar to him.
"well," went on bruce, "there you have the accurate samples of mymeaning.
poe would not have been puzzled for an hour by the vagaries ofjack the ripper.
he would have said at once--most certainly after thethird or fourth in the series of murders--'this is the work of anathletic lunatic, with a morbid love of anatomy and a morbid hatred of acertain class of women.
seek for him among young men who have pestereddoctors with outrageous theories, and who possess weak-minded orimbecile relatives.'
then, again, take the murder on the south-westernrailway.
do you think poe would have gone questioning bar-tenders orinquiring into abortive love affairs?
jealous swains do notcarry pestles about with them to slay their sweethearts, nor do theychoose a four-minutes' interval between suburban stations for frenziedavowals of their passion.
here you have the clear trail of a cleverlunatic, dropping from the skies, as it were, and disappearing in thesame erratic manner.
that is why i tell you most emphatically thatneither you nor i have yet the remotest conception as to who reallykilled lady dyke."
"surely things look black now against this mensmore?"
how would it have fared with an acquaintance of one of theunfortunate women killed by jack the ripper had the police found him inthe locality with fresh blood-stains on his clothes?
what would haveresulted from the discovery of a chemist's mortar among the possessionsof one of elizabeth camp's male friends?
come now, be honest, and tellme."
but mr. white could only smoke in silence.
"therefore," continued bruce, "let us ask ourselves why, and how, it waspossible for mensmore to commit the crime.
personally, notwithstandingall that we apparently know against him circumstantially, i shouldhardly believe mensmore if he confessed himself to be the murderer!"
"now, why on earth do you say that, mr.
"because mensmore is normal and this crime abnormal.
because the man whowould blow out his brains on account of losses at pigeon-shooting neverhad brains enough to dispose of the body in such fashion.
becausemensmore, having temporarily changed his name for some trivial reason,would never resume it with equal triviality with this shadow upon hislife."
"then why have you told me all these things that tell so heavily againsthim?"
"in order that, this time at least, you may feel that the production ofa pair of handcuffs does not satisfactorily settle the entire business."
"i promise there shall be no more arrests until this affair is much moredecided than it is at present."
i shall make a detective of you after my own heart in time."
"yet i cannot help being surprised at the very strange fact that his ownsister should seem to suspect him!"
now you have struck the true line.
why did she have that fear?
there i am with you entirely.
let us ascertain that and i promise you animportant development.
mrs. hillmer and mensmore are both concerned inthe disappearance of lady dyke, yet neither knew that she haddisappeared, and both are deeply upset by it, for mrs. hillmer flies offto warn her brother, and the brother posts back to london the moment itcomes to his ears through her.
there, you see, we have a key which mayunlock many doors.
for heaven's sake let it not be battered out of shapethe instant it reaches our hands."
but mr. white was quite humble.
"as i have told you," he said, "i havedone with the battering process."
"i am sure of it.
and now listen to the most remarkable fact that hasyet come to light.
lady dyke's body was taken from raleigh mansions toputney in a four-wheeler.
the cabman was forthwith locked up by thepolice and clapped into prison for three months.
he was releasedyesterday, and will be here within the next quarter of an hour."
the detective's hair nearly rose on end at this statement.
"look here, mr.
he cried, "have you any more startlers up yoursleeve, or is that the finish?"
"that is the last shot in my locker."
"i'm jolly glad!
i half expected the next thing you would say was thatyou did the job yourself."
"it wouldn't be the first time you thought that; eh, my friend?"
white positively blushed.
that's chaff," he said.
"but why the dickens did the police lock upthis cabman--the only witness we could lay our hands upon?
why, i myselfquestioned every cabman in the vicinity several times."
"because he got drunk on the proceeds of the journey, and subsequentlythought he was phaeton driving the chariot of the sun.
but, there, hewill tell you himself.
i met him yesterday morning outside hollowayjail, and persuaded him to come here to-night, provided he has not goneon the spree again with disastrous results."
the entrance of smith--obviously relieved to see his master and the"tec" on such good terms--to announce the arrival of "mr. williammarsh," settled any doubts as to the cabman's intentions, and hisappearance established the fact of his sobriety.
three months "hard" hadmade the cab-driver a new man.
recognition was mutual between him and mr. white.
"hello, foxey," cried the latter.
"it's you, is it?"
"me it is, guv'nor; but i didn't know there was to be a 'cop'here"--this with a suspicious glance at bruce and a backward movementtowards the door.
"do not be alarmed," said the barrister; "this gentleman's presenceimplies no trouble for you.
we want you to help us, and if you do sowillingly i will make up that lost fiver you received for driving twopeople to putney the night you were arrested."
the poor old cabman became very confused on hearing this staggeringremark.
up to that moment he regarded bruce as the agent for acharitable association, and there was no harm, he told his "missus," intrying to "knock him for a bit."
he stood nervously fumbling with his hat, but did not answer.
white knewhow to deal with him.
"sit down, foxey, and have a drink.
you need one to cheer you up.
answerthis gentleman's questions.
he means you no harm."
"well, i don't mind if i do.
no soda, thank you, sir.
just a small dropof water.
ah, that's better stuff 'n they keep in holloway."
thus fortified, marsh had no hesitation in telling them what he knew.
substantially, his story was identical with the version given to bruceby the ticket collector.
"can you describe the gentleman?"
said the barrister.
he was just like any other swell.
tall and well-dressed, andtalked in the 'aw-'aw style.
it might ha' been yerself for all i couldtell."
"do you think it was i?"
foxey scratched his head.
"no, p'r'aps it wasn't, now i come to rec'llect.
he 'ad a moustache, andyou 'aven't.
beggin' yer pardon, sir, but you 'ave a bit of the cut of aparson or a hactor, an' this chap wasn't neither--just an every-day sortof toff."
"could you swear to him if you saw him?"
"that i couldn't, sir.
i am a rare 'and at langwidge, but i couldn'tmanage that."
"because that night, sir, i were as full as a tick when i started.
lordlove you, it must 'ave poured out of me afterwards when i startedfightin' coppers.
mr. white, 'e knows, i ain't no fightin' man as arule."
"and the _lady_?
did you see her?"
leastways, i seed a bundle which i took to be a lydy, but herface was covered up with a shawl, and she was lyin' 'eavy in 'is armsas though she was mortal bad.
he tell'd me she was sick."
"are you sure it was a shawl?"
a vacuous smile spread over foxey's countenance as he answered, "i ain'tsure of anythink that 'appened that night."
"but were you not surprised when a man hired your cab under suchpeculiar circumstances, and paid you such a high fare?"
"we four-wheelers are surprised at nothink, sir.
you don't know all wotgoes on in kebs.
why, once crossin' waterloo bridge--""never mind waterloo bridge, foxey," put in the detective.
"keep yourwits fixed on as much as you can remember of november 6."
"where did he tell you to drive to?"
went on bruce.
i was to drive my 'ardest.
i recollect wantin' to pull upat the three bells, but 'e put 'is 'ead out an' said, 'go on, driver.
iam awfully late already.'
so on i went."
"where did you stop?"
"i don't know no more than the child unborn.
by that time the drink wasyeastin' up in me.
the fare kept me on the road 'e wanted by shoutin'.
when we pulled up, 'e carries 'er into a lane.
there was a big 'ousethere.
i know that all right.
after a bit 'e comes back and tips me afiver.
with that i whips up the old 'oss and gets back to the threebells.
you know the rest, as the girl said when she axed the bench to--""yes, we know the rest," interrupted bruce, "but i fear you are not ableto help us much."
"this isn't a five-pun' job, eh, guv'nor?"
said foxey anxiously.
"hardly at present.
we shall see.
can you say exactly where you drew upyour cab when the lady was carried into it?"
"sure as death," replied the cabman, in the hope that his informationmight yet be valuable.
"it was outside raleigh mansions, sloane square."
"we know that--""it seems to me, sir, as ye know as much about the business as i do,"broke in marsh.
"were you in the square or in sloane street?"
"in sloane street, of course.
right away from the square."
"not so very far away, surely."
foxey was doubtful.
his memory was hazy, and he feared lest he should bemistaken.
"no, no," he said quickly, "not far, but still well in thestreet."
"were there many people about?"
"you could 'ardly tell, sir; it was that foggy and nasty.
if the lydy'ad bin dead nobody would 'ave noticed 'er that night."
"did any one besides yourself see the gentleman carrying the lady intothe cab?"
"i think not.
i don't remember anybody passin' at the time."
"did the gentleman keep your cab waiting long at the kerb before hebrought the lady out?"
"it might 'a' bin a minute or two?"
"well, sir, it's 'ard for me to say, especially after bein' away for achange of 'ealth, so to speak."
"did not the lady speak or move in any manner?"
"not so far as i know, sir."
"and do you mean to tell me that, although you had been drinking, youwere not astonished at the whole business?"
"i never axes my fares any questions 'cept when they says 'by the hour.'
then i wants to know a bit."
"yes; but this carrying of a lady out of a house in such fashion--didnot this strike you as strange?"
"strange, bless your 'eart, sir.
you ought to see me cartin' 'em offfrom the daffodil club after a big night--three and four in one keb, allblind, paralytic."
"no doubt; but this was not the daffodil club at daybreak.
it was arespectable neighborhood at seven o'clock, or thereabouts, on a winter'sevening."
"it ain't my fault," said foxey doggedly.
"wot was wrong with the lydy?
was it a habduction?"
"the lady was dead--murdered, we believe."
the cabman's face grew livid with anxiety.
"oh, crikey, mr. white," he cried, addressing the detective, "i knewnothink about it."
"no one says you did, foxey," was the reply.
"don't be frightened.
wejust want you to help us as far as you can, and not to get skeered andlose your wits."
thus reassured, marsh mopped his head and said solemnly:"i will do wot lies in my power, gentlemen both, but i wish i 'adn't binso blamed drunk that night."
"you say you would not recognize your fare if you saw him," continuedbruce.
"could you tell us, if you were shown a certain person, that hewas _not_ the man?
you might not be sure of the right man, but you mightbe sure regarding the wrong one."
it wasn't you, and it wasn't mr. white, and it wasn't a lotof other people i know.
i think if i saw the man who really got into mykeb, i would be able to swear that 'e was like him, at any rate."
that will do for the present.
leave us your address, so thatwe may find you again if necessary.
here is a sovereign for you."
when marsh had gone, bruce turned to the detective.
"well," he said, "if mensmore were here now, i suppose you would want tolock him up."
"no," admitted white sadly; "the more i learn about this affair the moremixed it becomes.
still, i don't deny but i shall be glad to havemensmore's explanation of his movements at that time.
and so will you,mr.
bruce sent a telegram to mrs. hillmer at paris.
"matters satisfactorilyarranged pending your arrival," he wired, and early on monday morning hereceived a reply:     "due charing cross 7.30 p.m. will drive straight to your     chambers with my brother.
he forwarded the message with a note to the detective, asking him to bepresent.
about one o'clock corbett turned up.
"guess i slept well last night after the excitement," he said, with apleasant smile.
"you seemed to skeer those chaps more with a few words,mr. bruce, than i did with a revolver."
"the english police are not so much afraid of revolvers as they are ofmaking mistakes," was the answer.
"now, is that so?
on our side they wouldn't have stopped to argy.
bothof 'em would have drawn on me at once."
"then i am glad, for everybody's sake, mr. corbett, that the affairhappened in london."
but tell me.
has my friend mensmore been getting himselfinto trouble?"
"not so much as it looks.
others appear to have involved him withouthis knowledge, and he has lent color to the accusations by involuntaryactions of a suspicious nature."
"well, if it is permissible, i should like to hear the straight story."
under the circumstances, bruce thought that this stranger from americahad a right to know why he was in danger of being arrested during hisfirst twenty-four hours' residence in the country, so he gave him asuccinct narrative of the _prima facie_ case against mensmore.
corbett listened in silence to the recital.
when it ended he said:"mr. bruce, my friend was incapable of murdering any woman.
he wasequally incapable of conducting any discreditable _liaison_ with anywoman.
i have known him for years, and a straighter, truer, morehonorable man i never met.
i don't know what his reason was for assumingmy name, which he undoubtedly did, as the agent called this morning, andi find the flat is taken in my name."
"what did you say?"
"oh, just that mensmore had acted for me.
the man seemed a bit puzzled,but he didn't kick when i offered to pay up the rent owing sincechristmas, and another quarter in advance."
"i don't suppose he did.
the rent was due, then?"
it seems that mensmore, writing in my name, sent a letter frommonte carlo a month ago, saying he would return about this time andsettle up."
"thus proving his intention all along to come back to london.
it is aqueer muddle, mr. corbett, is it not?"
"very; but you will pardon me, as an outsider, saying one thing--you allappear to have overlooked a clear trail."
"and what is that?"
"what about mrs. hillmer?
who is she?
who are her friends?
who maintainsher in such style?
bertie was with me four years and never mentioned hername.
she could not have been rich by inheritance, as it was on accountof their father going broke that mensmore had to leave the army and cometo the states.
it strikes me, mr. bruce, that the woman knows more aboutthis affair than the man."
"you may be right.
but do not forget the absolute proofs we possess thatthe crime occurred in mensmore's chambers, and the extraordinarycoincidence that he left england immediately afterwards."
"i am not forgetting anything.
those facts tell both ways.
just becausehe quitted the country at the time somebody may have tried to throw theblame on him."
the theory was plausible, though bruce could not accept it.
nevertheless, after corbett had taken his departure he could not helpthinking about his references to mrs. hillmer.
that there was force inthem he could not deny, and with the admission came the unpleasantthought that perhaps he, bruce, was in some sense responsible for theneglect to clear up her antecedents.
however, a few hours might explain much.
with unwonted impatience the barrister awaited the coming of night.
hetried every expedient to kill time, and found each operation tedious.
he dined early, and as half-past seven came and passed he wondered whythe detective did not appear.
but his doubts on this point did not last long.
"white is looking at charing cross to make sure of their arrival," hesaid to himself.
at ten minutes to eight the detective came in hurriedly.
"they will be here directly," he announced.
"a servant has taken theirluggage to mrs. hillmer's place, and they are evidently driving straighthere after taking some refreshment at the station."
"have you no faith in human nature, mr. white?
could you not trust theirwords?"
"well, sir, my experience of human nature is that you can very seldomtrust anybody's word."
at last smith announced mrs. hillmer and mr. mensmore.
when they entered bruce was for the moment at a loss to know exactly howto receive them.
but mrs. hillmer settled the matter by greeting him with a quiet"good-evening," and seating herself.
mensmore stood near the door, verypale and stern-looking.
"it appears, mr. bruce," he said, "that we met in monte carlo underfalse pretences.
you were, it seems, a detective on the track of amurderer, and you were good enough to believe that i was the person yousought.
it would have saved some misconception on my part had youexplained our _rôles_ earlier.
however, i am here, to meet the charge."
claude was not unprepared for this attitude on mensmore's part.
but hewas determined that it should not continue if he could help it.
"when we parted at monte carlo, mensmore," he said, "we parted asfriends."
"then tell me what has happened since to cause this obvious change inyour opinion of me?"
"is it not true that you suspect me of murdering lady dyke?"
"but why has my sister been told that i ran serious risk of beingapprehended on that account?"
"because we certainly did suspect a mysterious personage who calledhimself sydney h. corbett, and whose behavior was so unaccountable thatthe authorities required a reasonable explanation of it."
"do i understand, bruce, that we meet with no more suspicion between usthan when we last saw each other?"
"then i ask your pardon for my manner and words.
i have suffered keenlyduring the last three days from this cruel thought.
let us shake handson it."
as their hands met they both heard mrs. hillmer stifle a sob.
mensmoreturned to her.
"now, gwen," he said, "don't be foolish.
we will soon clear up thismiserable business.
so far as we are concerned, all we need to do is totell the truth and fear nobody."
"that's it," said white.
"if you adopt that course the matter will soonbe ended."
mensmore turned to the speaker.
he guessed his identity, but bruceintroduced the detective by name.
"well," said mensmore, "i have come here to answer questions.
what is ityou want to know?"
mr. white glanced at the barrister, and the other explained.
"i have, as you may already realize, taken more than a passive interestin this inquiry, so the questioning largely devolves on me.
first, tellme why you adopted the name of corbett?"
"simply enough, though stupid, i now admit.
when i returned from thestates i was very hard up, but managed to pick up a subsistence bywriting for the sporting press, and occasionally backing horses.
but iknew this could not last, so i tried to secure some financial interestsin the city.
in doing so i made the acquaintance of a man named dodge,and committed myself to the underwriting of a new venture named thespringbok mine.
this fell through at the time, and with this collapsecame other demands.
i hate being worried by creditors, so when my sisteroffered to take and furnish a flat for me, near her own, i thought iwould live quietly for a time and conceal my name so as to have peacethere at any rate.
therefore, i assumed the name of a friend in america,little thinking that i should land both him and myself into such troubleby doing it.
that is the explanation.
by the way, what has happened tocorbett?"
"he is all right.
he expects to see you to-night.
you know sir charlesdyke, do you not?"
"well, no, not exactly.
he and i were at school together at brighton, atchilde's place."
i was a little chap when dyke was a senior.
after he left, theheadmaster changed the school to a place called seton lodge, at putney,on account of cramming operations for army exams."
"then you were at putney?"
"yes, for two years."
"and dyke was not?"
"no; that i am sure of."
"have you and sir charles been friendly since?"
mensmore's face hardened somewhat as he answered, "i have seen verylittle of him, and hardly ever spoken to him."
did you quarrel?"
"n-no, but we just did not happen to meet.
bear in mind, i was inbusiness some years ago, and i am not yet thirty."
"did you know his wife?"
"i have never, to my knowledge, seen her."
"how, then, can you account for the fact that she visited your flat atraleigh mansions on november 6."
"i say that such a statement is mere nonsense."
"but if it can be proved?"
"i assure you, on my honor, that it can."
"but look here, bruce.
why should she come to see me?
i question greatlyif she knew of my existence."
"nevertheless, it is the fact."
"i can only tell you it is not.
i left london on november 8, and on thetwo previous evenings i dined alone.
mrs. robinson, my housekeeper, cantell you that not another soul entered my flat for a week prior to mydeparture, except my sister and--and--i had forgotten--some workmen."
"yes; some fellows from a furniture warehouse."
"what were they doing?"
"well, don't you see, i told you i was not well off, and my sisterfurnished my flat for me, in august last that was, but the drawing-roomwas left bare for a time.
just before i left for france she decided torefurnish her drawing-room, and she gave me the whole fit-out.
thethings were brought in by the men who brought her purchases."
at this astounding revelation bruce and the detective were utterly takenaback.
it was with difficulty that the barrister enunciated his nextwords clearly.
"can you tell me with absolute certainty the date of this change of thefurniture?"
it was the day before i started for the riviera; that must havebeen november 7."
"are you positive of this?"
is it a matter of importance?
gwen, you know all about it.
besides, the bills for your new furniture will show the exact date ofdelivery, and it was the same day."
mrs. hillmer's face was hidden by her veil, but she nodded silently.
three people in the room knew the significance of mensmore'sstraightforward words; he alone was unaware of the direction towardswhich the investigation now tended.
"let us analyze the matter carefully," said bruce, who had recovered hisself-possession, though he was almost terrified at the possibilities ofthe situation.
"did the whole of the contents of your drawing-room comefrom your sister's flat?"
there was nothing there before but the bare boards."
"do you remember a handsome ornamental fender being among thesearticles?"
my housekeeper said the men broke it during the transit.
they denied this, and looked for the piece chipped off, but could notfind it.
she told me about it that night."
"did you mention it to mrs.
to tell the honest truth, gwen and i had quarrelled a couple ofdays before.
that is to say, we disagreed seriously about a certainmatter, and it was this which led to my making off to monte carlo.
therefore it was hardly likely i should mention such a trivial matterto her."
"may i ask what you quarrelled about?"
"i have told her since that it ought to be made known, but she hasimplored me not to reveal it, so i cannot.
but she will tell you herselfthat we agreed i should be at liberty to make this guarded explanation."
bruce and the detective exchanged glances of wondering comprehension.
"i do not think we need question mr. mensmore further," said thebarrister to white.
"no," was the reply.
"the matter is clear enough.
mrs. hillmer must tellus how that furniture came to be transferred from her premises on themorning of the 7th."
"if she chooses."
the barrister's tone was sad, and its ominous significance was not loston his hearers.
mrs. hillmer raised her veil.
her face was deathly pale and tense in itsfixed agony.
but in her eyes was a light which gave a curious aspect ofresolve to her otherwise painful aspect of utter grief.
"i do not choose," she said quietly, looking, not at bruce or thedetective, but at her brother.
for a little while no one spoke.
mensmore at last broke out eagerly:"don't act absurdly, gwen.
i cannot even guess where all this talk aboutthe furniture is leading us, but i do know that you are as innocent ofany complicity in lady dyke's death as i am, so it is better for you tohelp forward the inquiry than to retard it."
"i am not innocent," said mrs. hillmer, her words falling with painfuldistinctness upon the ears of the three men.
"heaven help me!
i amresponsible for it!"
her brother started to his feet, and caught her by the shoulder.
"what folly is this," he cried.
"do you know what you are saying?"
my words are like sledge-hammers.
i will forever feel theirweight.
i tell you i am responsible for the death of lady dyke."
"then how did she die, mrs.
said bruce, whose glance sought toread her soul.
"i do not know.
i do not want to know.
it matters little to me."
"in other words, you are assuming a responsibility you should not bear.
you were not even aware of this poor lady's death until i told you.
whyshould you seek to avert suspicion from others merely because lady dykeis shown to have met her death in your apartments?"
"but how is it shown?"
interrupted mensmore vehemently.
he was moredisturbed by his sister's unaccountable attitude than he had ever beenby the serious charge against himself.
"easily enough," said white, feeling that he ought to have some share inthe conversation.
"a piece of the damaged fender placed in your rooms,mr. mensmore, was found in the murdered lady's head."
"then, by heaven, i refuse to see my sistersacrificed for anybody's sake.
she has borne too long the whole burdenof misery and degradation.
i tell you, gwen, that if you do not saveyourself i will save you against your will.
that furniture came to myroom because--""bertie, i beseech you, for the sake of the woman you love, to spareme."
mrs. hillmer flung herself on her knees before him and caught hold ofhis hands, while she burst into a storm of tears.
mensmore was unnerved.
he turned to bruce, and said:"help me in this miserable business, old chap.
i don't know what to sayor do; my sister had no more connection with lady dyke's death than ihad.
this statement on her part is mere hysteria, arising from othercircumstances altogether."
"that i feel acutely," said the barrister.
"yet some one killed her,and, whatever the pain that may be caused, and whoever may suffer, i amdetermined that the truth shall come out."
"i tell you," wailed mrs. hillmer between her sobs, "that i must bearall the blame.
why do you hesitate?
she was killed in my house, and iconfess my guilt."
"this _is_ rum business," growled mr. white aloud, half unconsciously.
at that moment the door opened unexpectedly, and smith entered.
before bruce had time to vociferate an order to his astounded servitorthe man stuttered an excuse:"beg pardon, sir," he said, "but sir charles dyke has called, and wantsto know if you will be disengaged soon."
quick on the heels of the footman's stammered explanation came the voiceof sir charles himself:"sorry to disturb you, bruce, if you are busy, but i must see you for amoment on a matter of the utmost importance."
there was that in his utterance which betokened great excitement.
he wasnot visible to the occupants of the room.
during the audible silencethat followed his words, they could hear him stamping about the passage,impatiently awaiting bruce's presence.
mrs. hillmer quietly collapsed on the floor.
she had fainted.
the barrister rushed out, calling for mrs. smith, and responding to sircharles dyke's proffered statement as to the reason for his presence bythe startling cry:"wait a bit, dyke.
there's a lady in a faint inside.
we must attend toher at once."
mrs. smith, fortunately, was at hand, and with the help of herministrations, mrs. hillmer gradually regained her senses.
after a whispered colloquy with white, the barrister said to mensmore:"you must remove your sister to her residence as quickly as possible.
she is far too highly strung to bear any further questioning to-night.
perhaps to-morrow, when you and she have discussed matters fullytogether, you may be able to send for us and clear up this wretchedbusiness."
for answer mensmore silently pressed his hand.
with the help of thehousekeeper he led his sister from the room, passing sir charles dyke inthe hall.
the baronet politely turned aside, and mensmore did not lookat him, being far too engrossed with his sister to pay heed to aughtelse at the moment.
as for mrs. hillmer, she was in such a state ofcollapse as to be practically unconscious of her surroundings.
she managed to murmur at the door:"where are you taking me to, bertie?"
oh, thank heaven!"
they all heard her, and even the detective was constrained to say:"poor thing, she needn't have been afraid.
she is suffering for some oneelse."
sir charles dyke grasped bruce's arm.
"what on earth is going on?"
"merely a foolish woman worrying herself about others," replied brucegrimly.
"but those people were my old friends, mensmore and his sister?"
"what are they doing here?"
"mensmore has been brought back to london by mrs. hillmer to face theallegations made against him with regard to your wife's disappearance.
they came here by their own appointment, and--""did i not tell you that this charge against mensmore was wild folly onthe face of it?"
"so it seems, when we have just discovered that your wife was killed inhis sister's house, and mrs. hillmer persists in declaring that she wasresponsible for the crime."
"look here, bruce.
don't lose your head like everybody else mixed up inthis wretched business.
my wife is not dead."
the cry was a double one, for both bruce and white gavesimultaneous utterance to their amazement.
"it is true.
she is alive all the time.
i have had a letter from her."
surely, dyke--""i am neither mad nor drunk.
the letter reached me by this morning'spost.
i came here with it as fast as i could travel.
i have been in thetrain all day, and am nearly fainting from hunger."
"where is it?"
"is it genuine?"
"i could swear to her writing amidst a thousand letters.
here it is.
ihave brought some old correspondence of hers for the purpose ofcomparison, as i could hardly believe my eyes when i first received it."
bruce was so dumfounded by this remarkable development that he could butmutely take the document produced by the baronet and read it.
he himself recognized lady dyke's handwriting, which he had oftenseen--a clear, bold, well-defined script, more like the caligraphy of abanker than of a fashionable lady.
the letter was dated february 1, bore no other superscription, and readas follows:     "_my dear charles_,--i have just seen in the newspapers the     announcement of my death, and the theories set on foot to     account for my disappearance on november 6. this seems to     convey to me the strange fact that you have not received the     explanation i sent you of my reasons for leaving london so     suddenly.
otherwise you must have kept your own counsel very     closely.
however, i do not now desire to reopen the question of     motive; let it suffice to say that no one save myself was     responsible for my disappearance, and that neither you nor any     one acquainted with me will ever see me again.
do not search     for me; it will be time wasted.
if you have legal proof of my     death and wish to marry again, be satisfied.
tear up this     letter and forget it.
i am dead--to you and to the world.
you     can neither refuse to accept the genuineness of this letter nor     trace me by reason of it, as i have taken such precautions that     the latter course will be impossible.
let me repeat--forget me.
the barrister carefully refolded the sheet after scrutinizing thewater-mark against the light, and noting that the paper was britishmade; he then examined the envelope.
the obliterating postmark was"london, february 4, 9 p.m., west strand."
the office of delivery was"wensley, february 6."
"posted at the west strand post-office on saturday," he said.
"detainedin london all sunday, and delivered to you this morning in the north."
"it was written three days earlier, if the date be accurate.
so thewriter is somewhere in europe."
"that's how i take it," said sir charles.
"unless the whole thing is a fraud."
"how can it be a fraud?
i am sure as to the handwriting.
why, evenyourself, bruce, must have a good recollection of my wife's style."
no man born could swear that this was not lady dyke'sproduction."
"well, what are we to do?"
"and what did mrs. hillmer mean by kicking up that fuss when we spoke toher?"
"i'll take my oath that some one was killed inher house, else how comes it that a woman found in the thames at putneyis carrying about in her head some of mrs. hillmer's ironwork?
i wishshe hadn't fainted just now.
why, she said herself that she was thecause of lady dyke's death, and here is lady dyke writing to say she isalive.
this business is beyond me, but mrs. hillmer has got to explain agood deal yet before i am done with her."
the detective's wrath at this check in the hunt after a criminal did notappeal to the baronet.
"you can please yourself, mr. white, of course," he said coldly; "but sofar as i am concerned, i will respect my wife's wishes, and let thematter rest where it is."
"my dear fellow," said the barrister, "such a course is impossible.
assuming that her ladyship is really alive, why did she leave you?"
"how can i tell?
she herself refuses to give a reason.
she apparentlystated one in a letter which never reached me, as you know.
she hasselfishly caused me a world of suffering and misery for three longmonths.
i refuse to be plagued in the matter further."
sir charles was excited and angry.
he was in bitter revolt againstcircumstances.
"do you intend to show this letter to lady dyke's relatives?"
askedbruce, at a loss for the time to discuss the situation coherently.
"i do not know.
what would you advise?
i trust fully to your judgment.
but is it not better to obey her wishes?--to forget, as she puts it?"
"we must decide nothing hastily.
i am perplexed beyond endurance bythis business.
there is so much that is wildly impossible in itsirreconcilable features.
i must have time.
will you give me a copyof the letter?"
"certainly, keep it yourself.
we have all seen it."
bruce placed the envelope and its contents in hispocket-book.
then, turning to the detective, he said:"now, mr. white, do me a favor.
do not worry mrs. hillmer until you hearfrom me."
"by all means, mr. bruce.
but am i to report to the commissioner thatlady dyke has been found, or has, at any rate, explained that she is notdead?"
"there is no immediate necessity why a report of any kind should bemade."
"then leave matters where they are at present."
"but why," put in sir charles.
"is it not better to end all inquiries,at least so far as my wife is concerned?
it is her desire, and, i mayadd, my own, now that i know something of her fate."
"of course, if you wish it, dyke, i have no valid objection."
"oh, no, no.
do not look at it in that way.
i leave the ultimatedecision entirely to you."
"in that case, i recommend complete silence in all quarters at present."
the detective left them, and as he passed out into victoria street hisphilosophy could find but one comprehensive dictum.
"this _is_ a rumgo," he muttered, unconsciously plagiarizing himself on many previousoccasions.
the baronet sat down, and meditatively chewed the handle of hisumbrella.
"what is this nonsense mensmore's sister talked about being responsiblefor my wife's death?"
"i do not pretend to understand," answered bruce.
"little more than aweek ago she learned for the first time of your wife's supposed murder.
of that i am quite positive.
she feared that her brother was implicated,and, without trusting me with the reasons for her belief, took themeasures she thought best to safeguard him."
sir charles jerked the words out impetuously.
"she followed him to the south of france, and found him in florence.
what she said i cannot guess, but the result was their visit hereto-night.
during our interview it came out, quite by accident, that somefurniture was taken from her place to her brother's on the morning ofnovember 7, thus shifting the venue of lady dyke's death--or imaginarydeath i must now say--from no.
12 raleigh mansions to no.
61. thisdiscovery was as startling to mrs. hillmer as to us, for she forthwithprotested that the whole affair arose from her fault, and practicallyasked the detective to arrest her on the definite charge of murder."
the mania of an hysterical woman!"
no one was murdered in her abode.
do you for a momentbelieve the monstrous insinuation?"
"no, not in that sense.
but her brother was about to make somerevelation regarding a third person when she appealed to him not tospeak.
what would have happened finally i do not know.
at that criticalmoment my servant announced your arrival."
"but what can mrs. hillmer have to conceal?
she and her brother havebeen lost to society since long before my marriage.
neither of them, sofar as i know, has ever set eyes on my wife during the last sevenyears."
"yet mrs. hillmer _must_ have had some powerful motive in acting as shedid."
"is it not more than likely that she had a bad attack of nerves?"
"a woman who merely yields to nervous prostration behaves foolishly.
this woman gave way to emotion, it is true, but it was strength, notweakness, that sustained her."
"what do you mean?"
"there is but one force that sustains in such a crisis--the power oflove.
mrs. hillmer was not flying from consequences.
she met themhalf-way in the spirit of a martyr."
"'pon my honor, bruce, i am beginning to think that this wretchedbusiness is affecting your usually clear brain.
you are acceptingfancies as facts."
i confess i am unable to form a logical conclusion to-night."
"why not abandon the whole muddle to time?
there is no solution of adifficulty like the almanac.
let us both go off somewhere."
"what, and leave mrs. hillmer to die of sheer pain of mind?
let thisunfortunate fellow, mensmore, suffer no one knows what consequences fromthe events of to-day?
it is out of the question."
"very well, i leave it to you.
every one seems to forget that it is iwho suffer most."
the baronet stood up and dejectedly gazed into thefire.
"i, at least, can feel for you, dyke," said bruce sympatherically, "butyou must admit that things cannot be allowed to remain in their presentwhirlpool."
"so be it.
let them go on to their bitter end.
if my wife was tired ofmy society she might at least have got rid of me in an easier manner."
with this trite reflection sir charles quitted his friend's house.
bruce sat motionless for a long time.
then, as his mind became calmer,he lit a cigar, took out the doubly mysterious letter, and examined itin every possible way, critically and microscopically.
there could be no doubt that it was a genuine production.
the conditionof the ink bore out the correctness of the date, and the fact that thenote paper and envelope were not of continental style was not verymaterial.
it did not appear to have been enclosed in another envelope, as thewriter implied, for the purpose of being re-posted in london.
rather didthe slightly frayed edges give rise to the assumption that it had beencarried in some one's pocket before postage.
but this theory was vagueand undemonstrable.
the handwriting was lady dyke's; the style, allowing for the strangeconditions under which it was written, was hers; yet bruce did notbelieve in it.
nothing could shake his faith in the one solid, concrete certainty thatstood out from a maze of contradictions and mystery--lady dyke was dead,and buried in a pauper's grave at putney.
at last, wearied with thought and theorizing, he went to bed; but smithsat up late to regale his partner with the full, true, and particularnarrative of the "lydy a-cryin' on her knees, and the strange gentlookin' as though he would like to murder mr.
like most men, claude took a different view of events in the morning tothat which he entertained over night.
yesterday, the surprises of the hour were concrete embodiments, eachdistinct and emphatic.
to-day they were merged in the general mass ofcontradictory details that made up this most bewildering inquiry.
that matters could not be allowed to rest in their present state wasclear; that they would, in the natural course of things, revealthemselves more definitely, even if unaided, was also patent.
mrs. hillmer's partial admissions, her brother's evident knowledge ofsome salient features of the puzzle, that utterly strange letter in theadmitted handwriting of lady dyke herself, and bearing the prosaictestimony of dates stamped by the post-office--these sensationalelements, when brought into juxtaposition, could not avoid reaction intoclearer phases.
long experience in criminal investigation told him that, under certaincircumstances, the best course of all was one of inactivity.
on the basis of the accepted truism in the affairs of many people that"letters left unanswered answer themselves," the barrister knew thatthere must be an outcome from the queer medley of occurrences at hisresidence on the monday evening.
reviewing the history of the past three months several odd featuresstood out from the general jumble.
in the first place, he wondered why he had failed to deduce anypertinent fact from the manner in which mrs. hillmer's dining-room wasfurnished on the occasion of his first visit to raleigh mansions.
he distinctly remembered noting his reception in an unusual roomlittered with unusual articles, when the luxurious and well-appointedsuite of apartments was considered as a whole.
it was suggested to himat the time that the drawing-room, which he saw during his second visit,was dismantled earlier, but he did not connect this trivial incidentwith the feature in mensmore's flat that he noted immediately--namely,the discrepancies between the arrangement of the sitting-room and theother chambers in the place.
these things were immaterial now, but he indexed them as a guide forfuture use.
lady dyke's motive for that secret visit to raleigh mansions--that wasthe key to the mystery.
but how to discover it?
who was her confidant?
to whom could he turn for possible enlightenment?
it was useless tobroach the matter again to her husband.
the baronet and his wife hadbeen friends sharing the same _ménage_ rather than husband and wife.
herrelatives had already been appealed to in vain.
they knew nothing of theslightest value in this search for truth.
in this train of thought the name of jane harding cropped up.
she wasthe personal maid of the deceased lady.
she had sharp eyes and quickwits.
her queer antics shortly after the inquest were not forgotten.
here at least was a possibility of light if the girl would speak.
if she refused what could be her motive?
anyhow it was worth while to make a fresh effort.
early in the afternoonhe called at the stage-door of the jollity theatre.
"is miss marie le marchant still employed here?"
he asked the attendant.
"i dunno," was the careless answer.
"well, think hard," said the barrister, laying a half-crown on thebattered blotting-pad which is an indispensable part of the furniture inthe letter bureau of a theatre.
"yes, sir, i believe she is, but she has been away on a week's leave."
has she returned?"
"i was off last night, sir, but if you will pardon me a moment i'llinquire from the man who took my place."
the stage-doorkeeper disappeared into the dark interior, to returnquickly with the information that miss le marchant had appeared as usualon monday night.
"she was away most part of last week, sir," added the man, "and ibelieve it wasn't a holiday, as she was a-sort of flurried about it asif some one was ill.""thank you.
do you know where she lives?"
a momentary hesitation was soon softened by another half-crown.
"it's against the rules, sir.
if you were to find yourself near jubileebuildings, bloomsbury, you would not be far out."
the information was sound.
miss marie le marchant's name was paintedoutside a second-floor flat.
bruce knocked, and the door was opened by an elderly woman whom he hadno difficulty in recognizing.
"is your daughter in, mrs.
for a moment she could not speak for surprise.
"well, i never," she cried, "but london is a funny place.
do you knowme, sir?"
"any one would recognize you from your daughter, if they did not takeyou for her elder sister," he said.
bruce's smile was irresistible.
"my daughter is not in just now, sir," replied mrs. harding, "but iexpect her in to tea almost immediately."
"then may i come in and await her arrival?"
once inside the flat, he was impressed by the pretentious but fairlycomfortable nature of its appointments; the ex-lady's maid's legacy musthave been a nice one to enable her to live in such style, as the poorpittance of a coryphée would barely pay the rent and taxes.
moreover,the presence of her mother in the establishment was a distinct factor inher favor.
mrs. harding had brought the visitor to the tiny sitting-room.
sheseated herself near the window and resumed some sewing.
"have you been long in town, mrs.
he said, by way of beingcivil.
"in london, do you mean, sir?
about two months.
ever since my daughtergot along so well in her new profession.
she's a good girl, is mydaughter."
"miss harding is doing well on the stage, then?"
"oh yes, sir.
why, she's been earning £6 a week, and last week she wassent for on a special engagement, which paid her so well that she'sgoing to buy me a new dress out of the money."
"really," said the barrister, "you ought to be proud of her."
"i am," admitted the admiring mother.
"i only wish her brother, whowent off and 'listed for a sojer, had turned out half as well."
mrs. harding nodded towards a photograph of a cavalry soldier in uniformon the mantelshelf, and bruce rose to examine it, inwardly marvelling atthe intelligence he had just received.
was it reasonable that the girlcould be the recipient of a legacy without the knowledge of her mother?
in any case, why did she conceal the real nature of her earnings?
thestory about "£6 a week" was a myth.
near to the portrait of the gallant huzzar was a large plaquepresentment of miss marie herself, in all the glory of tights, wig, andmake-up.
across it was written, in the best theatrical style, "everyours sincerely, marie le marchant."
and no sooner had bruce caughtsight of the words than he almost shouted aloud in his amazement.
the handwriting was identical with that of lady dyke.
gulping down his surprise, he devoured the signature with his eyes.
theresemblance was truly remarkable.
what on earth could be the explanationof this phenomenon.
"your daughter is a remarkably nice writer, mrs. harding," he said,turning the photograph towards her.
"yes," said the complacent mother, "she taught herself when--before shewent on the stage.
she was always a clever girl, and when she grew upshe improved herself.
i wasn't able to afford her much schooling whenshe was young."
"i have seldom seen a nicer hand," he went on.
"have you any otherspecimens of her writing?
i should like to see them if they are notprivate."
the smooth surface of the photograph might perhaps lend a deceptivefluency to the pen.
he wanted to make quite sure that he was notmistaken.
she's just copying out the part of ophelia in _hamlet_.
and sheacts it beautiful."
mrs. harding handed over a large ms. book, and there, written on thefirst page, was the name of the luckless woman whose fatal passion hasmoved millions to tears.
he admired miss marie le marchant's efforts in the matter ofself-culture, but he was determined, once for all, to wrest from hersome explanation of her actions.
the rattle of a key in the outer door caused him to throw aside thecoveted "part," and the young lady herself entered.
a few weeks of stageexperience had given her a more stylish appearance.
there was a"professional" touch in the arrangement of her hat and the droop of herskirt.
she knew him instantly, and listened with evident anger to her mother'sexplanation that "this gentleman has just called to see you, dear."
"all right, mother," she cried.
"i see it is mr. bruce.
will you get teaready while i talk with him?
i shall be ready in two minutes."
this witha defiant look at the visitor.
when mrs. harding quitted the room her daughter said in the crispaccents of ill-temper:"what do you want with me, now?"
"i want to ask why you dared to write a letter to sir charles dyke inthe name of your dead mistress."
the answer was so direct, the tone so menacing, its assumption ofabsolute and unquestioned knowledge so complete, that for a moment mariele marchant's assurance failed her.
she stood like one petrified, with eyes dilated and breast heaving.
atlast she managed to ejaculate:"i--i--why do you ask me that question?"
"because i must have the truth from you this time.
you are playing avery dangerous game."
that he was right he was sure now beyond doubt.
it was impossible forthe girl to deny it with those piercing eyes fixed on her, and seemingto read the secrets of her heart.
yet she was plucky enough.
although she was confused and on the point ofbursting into tears, she snapped viciously:"i will tell you nothing.
"you are obstinate, i know," said bruce, "but i must warn you that youare juggling with edged tools.
you should not imagine that you cantrifle with murder.
what is your motive for deliberately trying toconceal lady dyke's death?
if you do not answer me you may be asked thequestion in a court of law."
"you have no right to come here annoying me!"
"i am not here to annoy you.
i come, rather, as a friend, to appeal toyou not to incur the grave risk of keeping from the authoritiesinformation which they ought to possess."
"the reasons which led you to leave sir charles dyke's house sosuddenly, the source from which you obtain your money, paid to you,doubtless, to secure your silence, the motive which impelled you to useyour ability to imitate her ladyship's handwriting in order to spreadthe false news that she is alive.
this is the information needed, andyour wilful refusal to give it constitutes a grave indictment."
"i don't care _that_ for you, mr. bruce," replied the girl, her face setnow in a scarlet temper, while she snapped her fingers to emphasize thewords.
"you can do and say what you like, i will tell you nothing."
"you cannot deny you wrote that letter to sir charles dyke lastsaturday?"
"i am waiting for my tea.
sorry i can't ask you to join me."
"your flippancy will not avail you.
see, here is the letter itself--yourown production--written on paper of which you have a quantity in thisvery room."
the shot was a bold one, and it very nearly hit the mark.
she wasstaggered, almost subdued by this melodramatic production of theoriginal, and his clever guess at the existence of similar notepaper inthe house.
but her dogged temperament saved her.
jane harding was british,notwithstanding her penchant for a french-sounding name, and she wouldhave died sooner than beat a retreat.
"i will thank you to leave me alone, mr. bruce," she said.
there was nothing for it but to retire as gracefully as possible, butthe barrister was more than satisfied with the result of his visit.
hehad now established beyond a shadow of doubt that for some reason whichhe could not fathom the ex-lady's maid not only knew of her mistress'sdeath, but wished to conceal it.
this desire, too, had the essential feature of every other branch of theinquiry; it grew to maturity long after the day when lady dyke wasactually killed.
what did it all mean?
from bloomsbury he strolled west to portman square, and found sircharles on the point of going for a drive in the park.
he briefly told him his discovery.
the baronet at first was sceptical.
"do you mean to say, claude," hecried, fretfully, "that i do not know my wife's writing when i see it?"
"you may think you do, but when another person can imitate it exactly,of course, you may be deceived.
besides, if this girl, as is probable,was helped in her education by your wife, what is more likely than thatjane harding should seek to copy that which she would consider the idealof excellence.
don't harbor any delusions in the matter, dyke.
theletter you received on monday morning was written by jane harding.
i amsure of that from her manner no less than from the accidentalresemblance of the two styles of handwriting.
what i could not find outwas her motive for the deceit."
"it is a queer business altogether," said sir charles wearily; "i wishit were ended."
bruce was quite positive in his belief that jane harding was the paidagent of some person who wished to conceal the facts concerning ladydyke's death.
her unexpected appearance in the field at this late hour, no less thanthe bold _rôle_ she adopted, proved this conclusively.
but in englandthere was no torture-chamber to which she might be led and graduallydismembered until she confessed the truth.
so long as she adhered to the policy of pert denial she was quite safe.
the law could not touch her, for the chief witness against her, sircharles dyke, was obviously more than half-inclined to admit thegenuineness of the letter, even in opposition to the superior judgmentof his friend.
yet it was a matter which bruce considered ought to be made known to thepolice, so he sent for mr. white and told him of the strange result ofhis interview with miss marie le marchant.
cried the detective, when he heard the news.
"i madea note sometime ago that that girl ought to be watched, but i cleanforgot all about it."
"remember," said bruce, "that my discovery was the result of pureaccident.
my object in visiting her was to endeavor to induce herconfidence with regard to lady dyke's former life and habits.
indeed, ihandled the business very badly."
"i don't see that, sir.
you got hold of a very remarkable fact, and thusprevented the success of a bold move by some one which, in my case atany rate, nearly choked me off the inquiry."
thus far, chance favored me.
but i ought to have been contentwith the assumption.
there was no need to frighten her by pressing ithome."
"oh, from that point of view--" began the detective.
but bruce was merely thinking aloud--rough-shaping his ideas as theygrouped themselves in his brain.
"perhaps i am wrong there too," he went on.
"if this girl is working toinstructions she would have refused to help me in any way, and shealready knows that i am on the trail.
there is one highly satisfactoryfeature in the jane harding adventure, mr.
"and what is that?"
"the person, or persons, responsible for lady dyke's death know that thematter has not been dropped.
they are inclined to think that the circleis narrowing.
in some of our casts, mr. white, we must have come sounpleasantly close to them, that they deemed it advisable to throw usoff the scent by a bold effort."
"no doubt you are right, sir, but i wish to goodness i knew when we were'warm,' as i am becoming tired of the business.
every new developmentdeepens the mystery."
the detective's face was as downcast as his words.
the more pieces of the puzzle we have to handle the lessdifficult should be the final task of putting them together."
"not when every piece is a fresh puzzle in itself."
"why, what has disconcerted you to-day?"
"what of her?"
"i have had another talk with the maid,--her companion, you know,--agirl named dobson.
it struck me that it was advisable to know more aboutmrs. hillmer than we do at present."
bruce made no comment, but he could not help reflecting that corbett,the stranger from wyoming, had entertained the same view.
"well," continued the detective, "i went about the affair as quietly aspossible, but the maid, though willing, could not tell me much.
mrs.hillmer, she thinks, married very young, and was badly treated by herhusband.
finally, there was a rumpus, and she went on the stage, whilehillmer drank himself to death.
he died a year ago, and they had beenseparated nearly five years.
he was fairly well-to-do, but he squanderedall his money in dissipation and never gave her a cent.
three years lastmichaelmas she set up her present establishment at raleigh mansions, andthere she has been ever since."
"then where does the money come from?
it must cost her at least £2,000 ayear to live."
"that's just what the maid can't tell me.
her mistress led a verysecluded life, and was never what you could call fast, though a verypretty woman.
during this time she had only one visitor--a gentleman."
"it sounds promising, but it ends in smoke, so far as i can see."
"this gentleman was a colonel montgomery--an old friend--though hewasn't much turned thirty, the maid says.
he interested himself a lot inmrs. hillmer's affairs, looked after some investments for her, and wason very good terms with her, and nobody could whisper a word against thecharacter of either of them.
he was never there except in the afternoon.
on very rare occasions he took mrs. hillmer, whose maid alwaysaccompanied them, to epping forest, or up the river, or on some suchjourney."
"i'm sorry, sir, but the chase is over.
the maid doesn't know how, or when, exactly, but one day she foundher mistress crying, and when she asked her what was the matter, mrs.hillmer said, 'i've lost my friend.'
the maid said, 'surely not colonelmontgomery, madam?'
and she replied, 'yes.'
she quite took on about it."
"had the maid no idea as to the date of this interesting occurrence?"
"only a vague one.
sometime in the autumn or before christmas.
by jove,yes; it escaped me at the time, but she said that soon after thecolonel's death another gentleman called and took her mistress out todinner.
i was so busy thinking about the colonel that i slipped thesignificance of that statement.
it must have been you, mr.
"so it seems."
the barrister's active brain was already assimilating this newinformation.
if a woman like mrs. hillmer had lost a dear and valuablefriend--one who practically formed the horizon of her life--she wouldcertainly have worn mourning for him.
it was a singular coincidence thatmrs. hillmer "lost" colonel montgomery about the same time that ladydyke disappeared.
detective and maid alike had drawn a false inferencefrom mrs. hillmer's words.
"we must find colonel montgomery," he said, after a slight pause.
"i hope neither of us is going his way for some time to come, mr.bruce," laughed the policeman.
"white, i shall never cure you from jumping at conclusions.
upon yourpresent evidence colonel montgomery is no more dead than you are."
"but the maid said--""i don't care if fifty maids said.
there are many more ways of 'losing'a friend than by death.
pass me the army list, on that bookshelf behindyou there."
a brief reference to the index, and bruce said:"i thought so.
there is no _colonel_ montgomery.
there are severalcaptains and lieutenants, and a major-general who has commanded a smallisland in the pacific for the last five years, but not a single colonel.
white, you have blundered into eminence in your profession."
"i'm glad to hear it, even as you put it, mr. bruce.
but i don't see--""i know you don't.
if you did, a popular novelist would write your lifeand style you the english lecocq.
mrs. hillmer 'lost' the gallantcolonel at the same time that the world 'lost' lady dyke.
find thefirst, and i am much mistaken if we do not learn all about the second."
"now i wonder if you are right."
the detective's eyes sparkled with animation.
it was the first real cluehe had hit upon, and bruce's method of complimenting him on the fact didnot disconcert him.
"of course i am right.
you have done so well with the maid that i leaveher in your hands.
try the coachman and the cook.
but keep me informedof your progress."
white rushed off elated.
so persistent was he in striving to elucidatethis new problem that he paid no heed during some days to the side-lightfurnished by jane harding and her exceedingly curious powers as aletter-writer.
bruce purposely left the inquiry to the policeman.
he realized intuitively that the disappearance of lady dyke would soonbe explained, but he shrank from subjecting mrs. hillmer to furtherquestioning.
his abstinence was rewarded later in the week, for mensmore came to seehim.
the young man wore an expression of settled melancholy whichsurprised the barrister greatly.
"have you prevailed on your sister to take us into her confidence?"
hesaid, when mensmore was ensconced in a chair in his cosy sitting-room.
she is more fixed than ever in her resolve to take the whole blameon herself."
"surely this mistaken idea can be shaken?"
"i fear not."
"and you also share it?"
bear with us, bruce.
this is a terrible business.
it has brokenme up utterly."
you are in no way concerned save to shield your sister, andno one credits her wild statements regarding her complicity in thiscrime."
"look here, my dear fellow, i have come to ask you if this investigationcannot be allowed to rest.
it means a lot of misery that you cannotforetell or prevent.
knowing what i do, i cannot believe that lady dykewas murdered."
"knowing what i do, i cannot accept any other conclusion.
a worthy andestimable lady leaves her home suddenly, without the slightest imaginarycause, and she is found in the thames with a piece of iron driven intoher brain, while the medical evidence is clear that death was not due todrowning.
what other inference can be drawn than that she was foullydone to death?"
"heaven help me, i cannot tell.
yet i appeal to you to let matters restwhere they are if it is possible."
"it is not possible.
i cannot control the police.
i am merely a privateagent acting on my own responsibility and on behalf of lady dyke'srelatives."
"don't misunderstand me, bruce.
i am not asking this thing on account ofmy sister or myself."
"on whose account, then?"
mensmore did not answer for a moment.
he looked mournfully into the firefor inspiration.
"perhaps i had better tell you," he said, "that i have broken off myengagement with miss browne."
the other jumped from his chair.
"what the dickens do you mean?"
"exactly what i have said.
when we met on monday night, i did notmention that sir william and lady browne and their daughter travelledback to england with us.
on tuesday i saw phyllis.
in view of the shadowthrown on me by this frightful charge i thought it my duty to releaseher from any ties.
if my sister has to figure in a court of law as aprincipal, or accomplice, in a murder case--and possibly myself withher--i could not consent to associate my poor phyllis's name with mine.
so i took the plunge."
"you are a beastly idiot," shouted bruce.
"if i had the power i wouldgive you six months' hard labor this moment.
who ever threatened to putyou or your sister in the dock?"
"you have done your best that way, you know."
"i?--i have shielded you throughout!"
"i feel that.
but your admission shows that i am right.
shielded us fromwhat?
from arrest by the police, of course."
"but why take this precipitate action?
what has lady dyke's death to dowith your marriage to miss browne?"
"that's it, bruce.
i cannot explain.
i must endure silently."
"did you give her any reason for your absurd resolution?"
i could have no secrets from her."
"did you inflict all this wretched story on a woman you loved and hopedto marry?"
"you may be as bitter as you like.
that is my idea of square dealing, atany rate.
what other pretext could i invite for--for giving her up?"
mensmore found it hard to utter the words.
in his heart bruce pitiedhim, though he raged at this lamentable issue of the only bright passagein the whole story of death and intrigue.
"and what did miss browne say?"
"oh, she just pooh-poohed the affair, and pretended to laugh at me,though she was crying all the time."
"a nice kettle of fish you have made of it," growled the barrister.
"youhelp your sister in her folly of silence and then proceed to give effectto it by ruining your own happiness and that of your affianced wife.
have you seen miss browne since?"
his visitor was so utterly disconsolate that bruce was at a loss toknow how to deal with him.
he felt that if mensmore would but speakregarding mrs. hillmer's strange delusion, and the cause of it, allthese difficulties and disasters would disappear.
he resolved to try adirect attack.
"have you ever heard of a colonel montgomery?"
he said suddenly, bendinghis searching gaze on the other's downcast face.
the effect was electrical.
mensmore was so taken back that he wasspellbound.
he looked at claude, the picture of astonishment, before hestammered:"i--you--who told you about him?"
"he was your sister's friend, adviser, and confidant," was the sternreply.
"he it is who, in some mysterious way, is bound up with ladydyke's disappearance."
mensmore rose excitedly.
"i cannot discuss the matter with you," he cried.
"i have given mysacred promise, and no matter what the cost may be i will not break myword."
"i do not press you.
but may i see mrs. hillmer again?
when she iscalmer i might reason with her."
the other placed his hand on bruce's shoulder, and his voice was veryimpressive, though shaken by strong emotion:"believe me," he said, "it is better that you should not see her.
itwill be useless.
she is leaving london, not to avoid consequences, butto get away from painful memories.
her departure will be quite open, andher place of residence known to any one who cares to inquire.
one thingshe is immovable in.
she will never reveal to a living soul what sheknows of lady dyke's death.
she would rather suffer any punishment atthe hands of the law."
"don't you understand that this man, montgomery, is now known to thepolice.
sooner or later he will be found and asked to explain anyconnection he may have had with the crime.
why not accomplish quietlythat which will perforce be done through the uncompromising channels ofscotland yard?"
"your reasoning appears to be good, but--""but folly must prevail?"
"put it that way if you like."
"so this wretched imbroglio may cost you the love of a charming anddevoted girl?"
"heaven help me, it may--probably will."
"i swear to you," cried the barrister, who was unusually excited, "thati will tear the heart out of this mystery before the week expires."
mensmore bowed silently and would have left the room, but smith entered.
in their distraction they had not heard the bell ring.
smith handed acard to his master.
instantly bruce controlled himself.
his admirationfor the dramatic sequence of events overcame his eagerness as an actor.
it was with an appreciative smile that he said, without the slightestreference to mensmore:"show the lady in."
mensmore was passing out, but the sight of the visitor drove him back asthough he had been struck.
it was phyllis browne.
her recognition of him was a bright smile.
she advanced to bruce, sayingpleasantly:"i am glad to meet you, though the manner of my call is somewhatunconventional.
i heard much of you from bertie in the riviera, and moresince my return to town."
he suitably expressed his delight at this apparition.
mensmore, notknowing what to do, stood awkwardly at the other end of the room.
neither of the others paid the least heed to him.
"of course i had a definite object in coming to see you, mr. bruce,"went on the young lady.
"i have been coolly told that, because somebodykilled somebody else some months ago, a young gentlemen who asked me tobe his wife, is not only not going to marry me but intends to spend therest of his life in central africa or china--anywhere in fact but wherei may be."
"a most unwise resolve," said the barrister.
"so i thought.
you appear to hold the key to the situation; and, as itis an easy matter to trace you through the directory, here i am.
mypeople think i am skating at st.
"well, miss browne," said claude, "i am neither judge nor jury norcounsel for the prosecution, but there is the culprit.
i hand him overto you."
"yes; but that goose didn't kill anybody, did he?"
"and i am sure his sister did not; from what little i saw of her shewould not hurt a fly."
"then why don't you find the man who caused all themischief--and--and--lock him up at least, so that he cannot go oninjuring people?"
miss phyllis was very brave and self-confident at the outset.
now shewas on the verge of tears, for mensmore's saddened face and depressedmanner unnerved her more than his passionate words at their lastinterview.
"you ask me a straight question," replied bruce, though his eyes werefixed on mensmore, "and i will give you a straight answer.
i _will_ findthe man who killed lady dyke.
as you say, it is time his capacity fordoing injury to others should be limited.
before many days have passedmr. mensmore will come to you and beg your pardon for his hasty andquite unwarranted resolve."
"do you hear that, bertie?"
cried the girl.
"didn't i tell you so?"
mensmore came forward to her side of the table.
"i need not wait, phil, dear," he said simply.
"i ask your pardon now.
this business is in the hands of providence.
i was foolish to think thatanything i could do would stave off the inevitable."
"and if you have--to go--to china--you w-will take me with you?"
bruce looked out of the window, whistled, and said loudly, addressing abeautiful lady in short skirts who figured in a poster across the way:"let me ring for some tea.
all this talk makes one dry."
when the young people had gone--mensmore ill at ease, though tremuouslyhappy that phyllis had so demonstrated her trust in him, phyllis herselfradiantly confident in the barrister's powers to set everythingright--bruce devoted himself to the task of determining a new line forhis energies.
the first step was self-evident.
he must ascertain if the dykes knew acolonel montgomery.
he drove to the club frequented by sir charles, but the baronet was notthere, so he went to wensley house.
sir charles was at home, in his accustomed nook by the library fire.
helooked ill and low-spirited.
the temporary animation he had displayedduring the past few weeks was gone.
if anything, he was more listlessthan at any time since his wife's death.
"well, claude," he said wearily, "anything to report?"
"yes, a good deal."
"what is it?"
"i want to ask you something.
did you ever know a colonel montgomery, orwas your wife acquainted with any one of that name to your knowledge?"
"i do not think she was.
had she ever met such a man i should probablyhave heard of him.
who was he?"
the baronet's low state rendered his words careless and indefinite, buthis friend did not wish to bother him unduly.
"the police have discovered," he said, "that mrs. hillmer formed a closeintimacy with some one whom she designated by that name and rank, thoughi have failed to trace any british officer who answers to hisdescription.
he disappeared, or died, as some people put it, about thesame time as your wife."
"is it not known what became of him, then?"
"won't mrs. hillmer tell you?"
"she absolutely refuses to give any help, whatever."
"on what ground?"
"that is best known to herself.
my theory is that a man she loves isimplicated in the affair, and she is prepared to go to any lengths toshield him."
sir charles bent over and poked the fire viciously.
then he murmured:"women are queer creatures, bruce.
we men never understand them untiltoo late.
my wife and i did not to all appearance care a jot for oneanother while she lived.
yet i now realize that she loved me, and iwould give the little remaining span of existence, dear as life is, tosee her once more."
this was a morbid subject; the younger man tried to switch him off it.
"it is almost clear to me," he said, "that colonel montgomery's name wasassumed.
few people realize the use of the _alias_ made in modern life.
i have a notion that the custom among otherwise honorable people hasarisen from the publicity given to the fact that royal and otherdistinguished personages frequently choose to conceal their identityunder less known territorial titles."
"the idea is ingenious.
we are all slaves to fashion."
"however that may be, it should not be a difficult task to lay hands onthe gentleman should he be still living."
"suppose you succeed.
how can you connect him with my wife's death?"
"at this moment i am unable to say.
but the cabman might be of someuse."
"did i omit that?
i ought to have told you that i have found the driverof the four-wheeler in which your poor wife was taken, dead orinsensible, from sloane square to putney."
"what an extraordinary thing!"
"that you should have forgotten to inform me of such a striking fact."
now that i recollect, i have not had the opportunity.
it wasimpossible to discuss anything else but that forged letter on the lasttwo occasions we met, and it was only a few hours prior to your visit onmonday that i got the cabman's story fully.
by the way, do you now seeany reason why jane harding should have tried to deceive you in such amanner?"
the barrister perceived that sir charles was nervous and irritable, sohe deemed it a needless strain to enlarge on the history of hisdiscovery of foxey.
"i am tired of letters, and plots, and mysteries.
my life is resolvinginto one huge note of interrogation.
soon the great question of eternitywill dominate all others."
dyke's mood unfitted him for sustained conversation.
bruce could butpity him, and hope that time would calm his fevered brain, and soothethe unrest that shed this gloom over him.
"really," said claude, after a long interval, during which both mensought inspiration from the dancing flames in the fireplace, "reallythis is too bad of you, dyke.
you showed a marked improvement for alittle space, and now you are letting yourself slip back into a state oflonely and unoccupied moping again."
"my thoughts find me both occupation and company," was the despondentreply.
"there is nothing for it," continued bruce cheerfully, "but a tour roundthe world.
you must start immediately.
a complete change of scene andsurroundings will soon pull you back to a normal state of mind andhealth."
"i have been thinking of a long journey for some time past."
the barrister glanced sharply at his friend.
the _double entente_ wasnot lost on him.
dyke was in a depressed and nervous condition.
theuncertainty regarding his wife's fate was harassing him unduly and itwas with a twinge of conscience that bruce reflected upon his owneagerness to pursue a quest which, by very reason of its indefiniteness,attracted him as an intellectual pursuit.
"look here," he cried, on the spur of the moment, "i have long desiredto see the canadian pacific route.
will you arrange to start west withme a fortnight hence?
we can return when the spirit moves us."
"we will see.
we will see.
to-day i feel unable to decide anything."
"yes, i know, but the mere fact that you take the resolution will serveto reanimate you."
"it is very good of you, claude, to trouble so about me.
had you askedme earlier i might have gone straight away.
but let it rest for a littlewhile.
when i have recovered my spirits somewhat i will come to you toask you to sail next day, or something of the sort."
beyond this, the other could not move him.
there was one link in the chain of evidence that would be irrefragableif discovered.
was this "colonel montgomery" in any way connected withthe house at putney where the murderer had disposed of the body?
if thiscould be established, the unknown visitor to raleigh mansions wouldexperience a good deal of difficulty in clearing himself of suspicion.
bruce was certain that, once the "colonel" was traced, much would cometo light explanatory of mrs. hillmer's, and her brother's, dread lesthis identity should be discovered.
an inquiry addressed to the house agents to whom possible tenants werereferred elicited the information that the present owner, a lady, wasprepared to let the house annually or on a lease.
they enclosed an orderto view, which bruce retained in case he should happen to need it.
a second letter gave him the address of the lady's solicitors, messrs.small & sharp, lincoln's inn.
he called on them as a possible tenant, with a desire to purchase theproperty outright if his proposal could be entertained.
mr. sharp, the partner who dealt with the estate, became very suave whenthe suggestion reached his ears.
"you will understand, mr. bruce, that your request requires someconsideration.
the rent my client asks is comparatively low, because thehouse is old-fashioned, but the splendid riparian position of theproperty, a free-hold acre on the banks of the thames at putney, givesit a highly increased future value.
any figure you may have based on arental calculation would therefore--""not meet the case at all," said the barrister, repressing a smile atthe familiar opening move in the game of bargaining.
"may i ask who the present owner is?"
"certainly, the lady's name is small.
in fact, she is my partner's wife.
her father, the late rev.
septimus childe, purchased the estate someyears ago, largely because the house suited his requirements as the headof a successful private school."
"has the estate changed hands frequently then?"
"oh, dear, no.
indeed, it is well understood that the rev.
mr. childeacquired it more as a friendly transaction than otherwise.
the estate isa portion of the separate estate of the late lady helen montgomery, whomarried sir william dyke, father of the present baronet, whoperhaps--good gracious, my dear sir, what is the matter?"
had bruce been a woman he must have fainted.
as it was, the shock of the intelligence nearly paralyzed him.
sircharles dyke!--montgomery!--the house at putney the property of hismother!
what new terror did not this frightful combination suggest?
why did his friend conceal from him these most important facts?
whydid he pretend ignorance not only of the locality but of his mother'smaiden name?
like lightning the remembrance flashed through bruce'stroubled brain that he had only heard of the earlier lady dyke as adaughter of the earl of tilbury.
a suspicion--profoundly horrible, yetconvincing--was slowly mastering him, and every second brought furtherproof not only of its reasonableness, but of its ghastly and inflexiblecertainty.
again the lawyer's voice reached his ears, dully and thin, as though itpenetrated through a wall.
"surely, you feel ill?
let me get you some brandy."
"no--no," murmured the barrister.
"it is but a momentary faintness.
i--ithink i will go out into the fresh air.
are you--quite sure--that mr.childe bought the property from lady helen montgomery's trustees?"
if you wait even a few moments i will show you thetitle-deeds."
"no, thank you.
i will call again.
pray excuse me."
somehow bruce crossed the quiet square of the inn, and plunged intothe turmoil of the street.
amid the bustle of holborn he had acurious sensation of safety.
the fiend so suddenly installed in hisconsciousness was less busy here suggesting strange and maddeningthoughts.
why--why--why--fifty questions beat incessantly against the barrier ofagonized negation he strove to set up, but the noise of traffic madethe attack confused.
each incautious bump against a passer-by silenceda demand, each heavy crunch of a 'bus on the gravel-strewed roadwaytemporarily silenced a doubt.
he was so unmanned that he felt almost on the verge of tears.
heabsolutely dared not attempt to reason out the fearful alternative whichhad so fiercely thrust itself upon him.
at last he became vaguely aware that people were staring at him.
fearfullest some acquaintance should recognize and accost him he hailed ahansom and drove to victoria street.
all the way the heavy beat of the horse's feet served to distract histhoughts.
he forced himself to count the quick paces, and tried hard toaccommodate the numerals of two or more syllables to the rapidity of theanimal's trot.
he failed in this, but in the failure found relief.
nevertheless, though the horse was willing and the driver eager tooblige a fare who gave a "good" address, the time seemed interminableuntil the cab stopped in front of his door.
once arrived there, he slowly ascended the stairs to his own flat, toldsmith to pay the cabman half-a-crown and to admit no one, and threwhimself into a chair.
at last he was face to face with the troublous demon who possessed himin lincoln's inn, struggled with him through the crowd, and travelledwith him in the hansom.
phyllis browne should have her answer soonerthan he had expected.
the man who murdered lady dyke was her own husband.
moaned bruce, as he swayed restlessly to and fro in hischair, "is it possible?"
he sat there for hours.
smith entered, turned on the lights andsuggested tea, but received an impatient dismissal.
after another long interval smith appeared again, to announce that mr.white had called.
"did you not say i was out?"
said claude, his hollow tones and haggardair startling his faithful servitor considerably.
"yes, sir--oh yes, sir.
but that's no use with mr. white.
'e said as 'ow'e were sure you were in."
"ask him to oblige me by coming again--to-morrow.
i am very ill. ireally cannot see him."
smith left the room only to return and say: "mr. white says, sir, 'isbusiness is of the _hutmost_ himportance.
'e can't leave it; and 'e saysyou will be very sorry afterwards if you don't see 'im now."
"oh, so be it," cried bruce, turning to a spirit-stand to seeksustenance in a stiff glass of brandy.
"send him in."
quite awed by circumstances, smith admitted the detective and closed thedoor upon the two men, who stood looking at each other without a word ofgreeting or explanation.
the policeman spoke first.
"has jane harding been here, then?"
his words conveyed no meaning to his hearer.
they were so incongruous, so ridiculously unreasoning, that brucelaughed hysterically.
"you must have seen her," cried the detective excitedly.
"i know youhave learned the truth, and in no other way that i can imagine could ithave reached you."
"learnt what truth?"
"that sir charles dyke himself is at the bottom of all this business."
how have you blundered upon that solution?"
"mr. bruce, this time i am right, and you know it.
it was sir charlesdyke who killed his wife.
nobody else had anything else to do with it,so far as i can guess.
but if you haven't seen jane harding, i wonderhow you found out."
"you are speaking in riddles.
pray explain yourself."
"if sir charles dyke had not been out of town, the riddle would havebeen answered by this time in the easiest way, as i should have lockedhim up."
you remain faithful to tradition."
"mr. bruce, please don't try to humbug me, for the sake of your friend.
i am quite in earnest.
i have come to you for advice.
sir charles dykeis guilty enough."
"and what do you want me to do?"
"to help me to adopt the proper course.
the whole thing seems soastounding that i can hardly trust my own senses.
i spoke hastily justnow.
i would not have touched sir charles before consulting you.
i wasnever in such a mixed-up condition in my life."
whatever the source of his information, the detective had evidentlyarrived at the same conclusion as bruce himself.
there was nothing forit but to endeavor to reason out the situation calmly and follow thebest method of dealing with it suggested by their joint intelligence.
claude motioned the detective to a chair, imposed silence by a look, andsummoned smith.
he was faint from want of food.
with returningequanimity he resolved first to restore his strength, as he would needall his powers to wrestle with events before he slept that night.
mr. white, nothing loth, joined him in a simple meal, and by tacitconsent no reference was made to the one engrossing topic in theirthoughts until the table was cleared.
"and now, mr. white," demanded the barrister, "what have you found out?"
"during the last two days," he replied, "i have been unsuccessfullytrying to trace colonel montgomery.
no matter what i did i failed.
i gothold of several of mrs. hillmer's tradespeople, but she always paid herbills with her own cheques, and none of them had ever heard of a colonelmontgomery.
that furniture business puzzled me a lot--the change of thedrawing-room set from one flat to another on november 7, i mean.
so idiscovered the address of the people who supplied the new articles tomrs. hillmer--""how?"
"through the maid, dobson.
mrs. hillmer has given her notice to leave,and the girl is furious about it, as she appears to have had a very easyplace there.
i think it came to mrs. hillmer's ears that she talked tome."
"here i hit upon a slight clue.
it was a gentleman who ordered the newfurniture, and directed the transfer of the articles replaced from no.
61 to no.
12 raleigh mansions.
he did this early in the morning ofnovember 7, and the foreman in charge of the job remembered that therewas some bother about it, as neither mrs. hillmer nor mr. corbett, asmensmore used to be called, knew anything about it.
but the gentlemancame the same morning and explained matters.
it struck the foreman asfunny that there should be such a fearful hurry about refurnishing adrawing-room, for the gentleman did not care what the cost was so longas the job was carried out at express speed.
another odd thing was thatmrs. hillmer paid for the articles, though she had not ordered them nordid she appear to want them.
the man was quite sure that mensmore'sfirst knowledge of the affair came with the arrival of the first batchof articles from mrs. hillmer's flat, but he could only describe themysterious agent as being a regular swell.
he afterwards identified aportrait of sir charles dyke as being exactly like the man he had seen,if not the man himself."
"how did you come to have a portrait of sir charles in your possession?"
"that appears later," said the detective, full of professional pride atthe undoubtedly smart manner in which he had manipulated his facts oncethey were placed in order before him.
"of course," he went on, "i jumped at the conclusion that the strangerwas this colonel montgomery.
then, while closely questioning the maidabout the events of november 7, she suddenly remembered that she lost anold skirt and coat about that time.
they had vanished from her room, andshe had never laid eyes on them since.
this set me thinking.
iconfronted her with the clothes worn by lady dyke when she was found inthe river, and i'm jiggered if dobson didn't recognize them at once asbeing her missing property.
now, wasn't that a rum go?"
"it certainly was," said bruce, who was piecing together the story ofthe murder in his mind as each additional detail came to light.
"naturally i thought harder than ever after that.
it then occurred to methat jane harding must have had some powerful reasons for so suddenlyshutting up about the identification of her mistress's underclothing.
she was right enough, as we know, in regard to the skirt and coat, butshe admitted to me that the linen on the dead body was just the same aslady dyke's.
curiously enough, it was not marked by initials, crest, orlaundry-mark, and i ascertained months ago that owing to some fad of herladyship's, all the family washing was done on the estate in yorkshire.
this explained the absence of the otherwise inevitable laundry-mark."
"thus far you are coherence itself."
"well," said mr. white complacently, "i was a long time getting to work,mr. bruce, and had it not been for your help i should probably neverhave got at the truth, but i flatter myself that, once on the righttrack, i seldom leave it.
however, as i was saying, i felt that janeharding knew a good deal more than she would tell, except underpressure, so i decided to put that pressure on."
"in what way?"
"i frightened her.
played off on her a bit of the stage business she isso fond of.
this afternoon i placed a pair of handcuffs in my pocket andwent to her place at bloomsbury, having previously prepared a boguswarrant for her arrest on a charge of complicity in the murder of ladydyke."
"it was a dangerous game!"
if it had gone wrong and reached the ears of the commissioner orgot into the papers, i should have been reduced or dismissed.
but whatis a policeman to do in such cases?
i was losing my temper over thisinfernal inquiry and never obtaining any real light, though alwayscoming across startling developments.
it had to end somehow, and i tookthe chance.
the make-believe warrant and the production of handcuffs fora woman--they are never used, you know, in reality--have often beentrump-cards for us when everything else failed."
"this time, then, the 'properties' made up the 'show,' as miss hardingwould put it?"
"they did, and no mistake.
i gave her no time to think or act.
i foundher sitting with her mother, admiring a new carpet she had just laiddown.
i said, 'is your name jane harding, now engaged at the jollitytheatre, under the alias of marie le marchant, but formerly a maid inthe service of lady dyke?'
she grew very white, and said 'yes,' whileher mother clutched hold of her, terrified.
then i whipped out thewarrant and the cuffs.
my, but you should have heard them squeal whenthe bracelets clinked together.
'what has my child done?'
'perhaps nothing, madam,' i answered; 'but she is guilty in theeyes of the law just the same if she persists in screening the guiltyparties.'
jane harding was trembling and blubbering, but she said, 'itis very hard on me.
i have done nothing.'
i trembled myself then, as ifeared that she might offer to come with me to the police station, inwhich case i should have been dished.
but the mother fixed the affairsplendidly.
'i am sure my daughter will not conceal anything,' she said,'and it is a shame to disgrace her in this way without telling what itis you want to know.'
i took the cue in an instant.
'i am empowered,' isaid, 'to suspend this warrant, and perhaps do away with it altogether,if she answers my questions fully and truthfully.'
'why, of course shewill,' said the mother, and the girl, though desperately upset,whimpered her agreement.
with that i got the whole story."
"sir charles dyke inspired her actions, i suppose."
"from the very beginning almost.
at first jane harding herself believed,when she gave evidence at the inquest, that the body she saw was notthat of lady dyke; but afterwards she changed her opinion, especiallywhen she recalled the exact pattern and materials of the underclothing.
then my inquiries put her on the scent.
being rather a sharp girl, shejumped to the conclusion that sir charles knew more about the matterthan he professed.
in any case, her place was gone, and she would soonbe dismissed, so she resolved on a plan even bolder than mine inthreatening to lock her up.
she watched her opportunity, found sircharles alone one day, and told him that from certain things within herknowledge, she thought it her duty to go to the police-station.
he wasstartled, she could see, and asked her to explain herself.
she said thather mistress had been killed, and she might be able to put the police onthe right track.
he hesitated, not knowing what to say; so she hintedthat it would mean a lot of trouble for her, and she would prefer, ifshe had £500, to go to america, and let the matter drop altogether.
hetold her that he did not desire to have lady dyke's name brought intopublic notoriety.
sooner than to allow such a thing to occur he wouldgive her the money.
an hour later he handed her fifty ten-pound notes."
"what a wretched mistake," cried bruce involuntarily.
this unmasking ofhis unfortunate friend's duplicity was the most painful feature of allto him.
"perhaps it was," replied the detective, "but the thing is not yet quiteclear to me.
that is why i am here.
but to continue.
the girl admittedthat she lost her head a bit.
instead of leaving the house openly,without attracting comment, she simply bolted, thus giving rise to thesecond sensational element attending lady dyke's disappearance.
but sheresolved to be faithful to her promise.
when you found her she held hertongue, and even wrote to sir charles to assure him that she had notspoken a word to a soul.
he sent for her, and pitched into her about notgoing to america, but took her address in case he wished to see heragain."
"he recognized her letter-writing powers, no doubt."
she was surprised last thursday week to receive a telegramasking her to meet him at york station.
when she arrived there he askedher to write the letter he handed to you and to post it in london onsaturday evening.
he explained that his action was due to his keenanxiety to shield his wife's name, and that this letter would settle theaffair altogether.
as he handed her another bundle of notes, andpromised to settle £100 a year on her for life, she was willing enoughto help him.
during your interview with her you guessed the reason whyshe wrote lady dyke's hand so perfectly.
she had copied it for threeyears."
"all this must have astonished you considerably?"
"mr. bruce, astonished isn't the word.
i was flabbergasted!
once shestarted talking i let her alone, only rattling the handcuffs when sheseemed inclined to stop.
but all the time i felt as if the top of myhead had been blown off."
"i imagine she had not much more to tell you?"
"she pitched into you as the cause of all the mischief, and went so faras to say that she was sure it was not sir charles who killed lady dyke,but you yourself."
bruce winced at jane harding's logic.
were he able to retrieve the pastthree months the mystery of lady dyke's death would have remained amystery forever.
"now about the photograph," said the detective.
"after i had left janeharding with a solemn warning to speak to no one until i saw her again,i made a round of the fashionable photographers and soon obtained anexcellent likeness of sir charles.
i showed it to dobson, and she said:'that is colonel montgomery.'
i showed it to the foreman of thefurniture warehouse, and he said: 'that is the image of the man whoordered mrs. hillmer's suite.'
now, what on earth is the upshot of thisbusiness to be?
i called at wensley house, but was told sir charles wasnot in town.
had he been in, i would not have seen him until i haddiscussed matters with you."
"that is very good of you, mr. white.
may i ask your reason for showinghim this consideration?"
the policeman, who was very earnest and very excited, banged his hand onthe table as he cried:"don't you see what all this amounts to?
i have no option but to arrestsir charles dyke for the murder of his wife."
"that is a sad conclusion."
"and do you believe he killed her?"
"strange as it may seem to you, i do not."
"and i'm jiggered if i do either."
"i--i am greatly obliged to you, white."
claude bent his head almost to his knees, and for some minutes there wascomplete silence.
when he again looked at the detective there were tearsin his eyes.
"what can we do to unravel this tangled skein without creating untoldmischief?"
"it beats me, sir," was the perplexed answer.
"but when i came in iimagined that jane harding or some one had been to see you.
surely, youhad learned something of all this before my arrival?"
i had reached your goal, but by a different route.
unfortunately, my discovery only goes to confirm yours."
bruce then told him of his visit to the lawyer's office, and its result.
mr. white listened to the recital with knitted brows.
"it is very clear," he said, when the barrister had ended, "that ladydyke was killed in mrs. hillmer's flat, that sir charles knew of herdeath, that he himself conveyed the body to the river bank at putney,and that ever since he has tried to throw dust in our eyes and preventany knowledge of the true state of affairs reaching us."
"your summary cannot be disputed in the least particular."
"well, mr. bruce, we must do _something_.
if you don't like tointerfere, then _i_ must."
"there is but one person in the world who can enlighten us as to thefacts.
that person obviously is sir charles dyke himself."
bruce looked at his watch.
it was 10.30 p.m. he rose.
"let us go to him," he said.
"but he is not in london."
i expect you will find that he gave orders for no one to beadmitted, and told the servants to say he had left town to make thedenial more emphatic."
"it will be a terrible business, i fear, mr.
"i dread it--on my soul i do.
but i cannot shirk this final attempt tosave my friend.
my presence may tend to help forward a final and fullexplanation.
no matter what the pain to myself, i must be present.
come,it is late already!"
the streets were comparatively deserted as they drove quickly upwhitehall and crossed the south side of trafalgar square.
it is a commonbelief, even among londoners themselves, that the traffic is dense inthe main thoroughfares at all hours of the night until twelve o'clockhas long past.
but to the experienced eye there is a marked hiatus between half-pastnine and eleven o'clock.
at such a time charing cross is negotiable,piccadilly circus loses much of its terror, and a hansom may turn out ofregent street into oxford street without the fare being impelled toclutch convulsively at the brass window-slide in a make-believe effortto save the vehicle from being crushed like a walnut shell between twoheavy 'buses.
such considerations did not appeal to the barrister and his companion onthis occasion.
for some inexplicable cause they both felt that they were in a desperatehurry.
a momentary stoppage at the turn into orchard street caused each man toswear, quite unconsciously.
now that the supreme moment in this mostpainful investigation was at hand they resented the slightest delay.
though they were barely fifteen minutes in the cab, it seemed an hourbefore they alighted at wensley house, portman square.
in response to an imperative ring a footman appeared.
instead ofanswering the barrister's question as to whether sir charles was at homeor not, he said: "you are mr. bruce, sir, aren't you?"
"sir charles is at home, but he retired to his room before dinner.
he isnot well, and he may have gone to bed, but he said that if you came youwere to be admitted.
i will ask mr.
"better send thompson to me," said bruce decisively; and in a minute theold butler stood before him.
"i hear that sir charles has retired for the night," said claude.
thompson had caught sight of the detective standing on the steps.
a fewhours earlier he had himself told him that the baronet was out of town.
it was an awkward dilemma, and he coughed doubtingly while he racked hisbrains for a judicious answer.
but bruce grasped his difficulty.
"it is all right, thompson.
mr. whitequite understands the position.
do you think sir charles is in bed?"
"i will go and see, sir.
he was very anxious that you should be sentupstairs if you called.
but that was when he was in the library."
bruce and the detective entered the hall, the butler closed the doorbehind them, and then solemnly ascended the stairs to sir charles dyke'sbedroom, which was situated on the first floor along a corridor towardsthe back of the house.
they distinctly heard the polite knock at the door and thompson's query,"are you asleep, sir charles?"
after a pause, there was another knock, and the same question in aslightly louder key.
then the butler returned, saying as he came down the stairs:"sir charles seems to be sound asleep, sir."
bruce and the detective exchanged glances.
the barrister wasdisappointed, almost perturbed, but he said:"in that case we will not disturb him.
sir charles does not often retireso early."
i have never known him to go to his room so early before.
hetold me not to serve dinner, as he wasn't well.
he would not let me getanything for him.
he just took some wine, and i have not seen himsince."
"about 7.30, sir."
bruce turned to depart, but thompson, with the privilege of an oldservant when talking to one whom he knew to be on familiar terms withhis master, whispered:"that there blessed maid turned up again this afternoon, sir."
the barrister started violently.
"not jane harding, surely?"
she came at four o'clock and asked for sir charles, as boldas brass."
"did he see her?"
"oh yes, sir."
"do you hear that, white?"
the detective nodded.
"she must have reached the house about half-an-hour before me," he said,addressing the butler.
"that's about right, sir."
"but i understood," went on bruce, "that sir charles was not at home toordinary callers?"
thompson shuffled about somewhat uneasily.
he wished now he had held histongue.
"i had my orders, sir," he murmured, in extenuation of his apparentlydiverse actions.
"tell me what your orders were," persisted bruce.
the man hesitated, not wishful to offend his master's friend, but toowell trained to reveal the explicit instructions given him by sircharles dyke.
"do not be afraid.
i will explain everything to sir charles personally.
we cannot best judge what to do--whether to wake him or not--unless weknow the position," went on the barrister.
thus absolved from blame, thompson took from his waistcoat pocket afolded sheet of notepaper.
"i don't pretend to understand the reason, sir," he said, "but sircharles wrote this himself, and told me to be careful to obey himexactly."
the barrister eagerly grasped the note and read:     "if mr. bruce, jane harding, or mrs. hillmer should call, admit     any of them immediately.
to all others say that i have left     town--some days ago, should they ask you.
"c. d."white, round-eyed and bullet-headed, gazed with goggle orbs over bruce'sshoulder.
"that settles it, mr. bruce," he said.
"we _must_ see him."
"thompson," said bruce, "does sir charles usually lock his door?"
knock again, and then try the door.
we will go with you."
something in the barrister's manner rather than his words sent a coldshiver down the old butler's spine.
"i do hope there's nothing wrong, sir," he commenced; but bruce wasalready half-way up the stairs.
both he and white guessed what hadhappened.
they knew that poor thompson's repeated summons at the bedroomdoor would remain forever unanswered--that the unfortunate baronet hadquitted the dread certainties of this world for the uncertainties of thenext.
they were not mistaken.
a few minutes later they found him listlesslydrooping over the side of the chair in which he was seated, partlyundressed, and seemingly overcome at the moment when he was about totake off his boots.
on a table near him were two bottles, both half-emptied, and an emptywineglass.
each of the bottles bore the label of a well-known chemist.
one was endorsed "sleeping-draught," the other "poison," and "chloral."
the three men were pale as the limp, inanimate form in the chair whilethey silently noted these details.
bruce raised the head of his friendin the hope that life might not yet be extinct.
but sir charles dyke hadtaken his measures effectually.
though the _rigor mortis_ had not setin, he had evidently been dead some time.
thompson, quite beside himself with grief, dropped to his knees by hismaster's side.
for the love of heaven, speak tous.
you can't be dead.
oh, you can't.
it ain't fair.
you're too young todie.
what curse has come upon the house that both should go?"
bruce leaned over and shook the old butler firmly by the shoulder.
"thompson," he said impressively, for now that the crisis he feared hadcome and gone, he exercised full control over himself.
"thompson, if youever wished to serve sir charles you must do so now by remaining calm.
for his sake, help us, and do not create an unnecessary scene."
governed by the more powerful nature, the affrighted man struggled tohis feet.
"what shall i do?"
"shall i send for a doctor?"
"yes; say sir charles is very ill. not a word to a soul about what hashappened until we have carefully examined the room."
at that instant mr. white caught sight of a large and bulky envelope,which had fallen to the floor near the chair on which sir charles wasseated.
picking it up, he found it was addressed, "claude bruce, esq.
to bedelivered to him _at once_."
"this will explain matters, i expect," said the detective.
"whatever could have come to my master to do such a thing?"
groanedthompson, turning to reach the door.
"come back," cried bruce sharply.
"now, look here, thompson," he wenton, placing both his hands on the butler's shoulders and looking himstraight in the eyes, "it is imperative that you should pull yourselftogether.
that sort of remark will never do.
sir charles has simplytaken an over-dose of chloral accidentally.
he has slept badly eversince lady dyke's death, you understand, and has been in the habit oftaking sleeping-draughts.
now, before you leave the room tell me exactlywhat has happened, in your own language."
"i can't put it together now, sir, but i won't say anything to anybody.
you can trust me for that.
why, i loved him as my own son, i did."
"yes, i know that well.
do you follow me?"
heaven help us all."
now send for the doctor, without needlessly alarming theother servants."
bruce placed the envelope in the pocket of his overcoat, saying to thedetective:"we will examine this later, white.
just now we must do what we can toavoid a scandal.
the case between lady dyke and her husband will besettled by a higher tribunal than we had counted upon."
"it certainly _looks_ like an accident, mr. bruce," was the answer, "butit all depends upon the view the doctor takes.
and you know, of course,that i shall have to report the actual facts to my superiors."
"that is obvious.
yet no harm is done at this early stage in taking suchsteps as may finally render undue publicity needless.
it may beimpossible; but on the other hand, until we have heard sir charles'sversion, contained, i suppose, in this letter to me, it is advisable tosustain the theory of an accidental death."
"anything i can do to help you will be done," replied the detective.
with that they dropped the subject, and more carefully scrutinized theroom.
to all intents and purposes sir charles dyke might, indeed, have broughtabout the catastrophe inadvertently.
the sleeping-draught bore theledger number of its prescription, and there is nothing unusual in apatient striving to help the cautious dose ordered by a physician by theaddition of a more powerful nostrum.
his partly dressed state, too, argued that he had taken the fatalmixture at a time when he contemplated retiring to rest forthwith.
afire still burned in the grate.
on the mantelpiece--in a position wherethe baronet must see it until the moment when all things faded from hisvision--was a beautiful miniature of his wife.
the detective, with professional nonchalance, soon sat down.
there wasnothing to do but await the arrival of the doctor, and, having heard hisreport, go home.
in the quietude of the room, with the strain relaxed, bruce wasprofoundly moved by the spectacle of his dead friend.
whatever hislogical faculties might argue, he could not regard this man as amurderer.
if lady dyke met her death at his hand then it must have beenthe result of some terrible mistake--of some momentary outburst ofpassion which never contemplated such a sequel.
poisons which kill by stupefaction do not distort their victims as incases where violent irritants are used.
sir charles dyke seemed to livein a deep sleep, exhausted by toil or pain--sleep the counterfeit ofdeath--while the bright colors and speaking eyes of the miniaturecounterfeited life.
standing between these two--both the mere images ofthe man and the woman he had known so well--the barrister insensiblyfelt that at last they had peace.
it was his first experience of the tremendous change in the relationshipestablished by death.
it utterly overpowered him.
no mere words couldexpress his emotions.
between him and those that had been was imposedthe impenetrable wall of eternity.
a bustle in the hall beneath aroused him from his grief-stricken stupor,and mr. white's commonplace tones sounded strange to his ears.
"here's the doctor."
a well-known physician hastened to the room.
thompson had carefullyfollowed instructions.
the doctor was not prepared for the condition ofaffairs that a glance revealed to his practised eye.
"surely he is not dead?"
he cried, looking from the form in the chair tothe two men.
bruce answered him:"yes, for some hours, i fear, but we wanted to avoid spreadingunnecessary rumors until--""i understand.
my poor friend!
how came this to happen?"
the skilled practitioner merely lifted one of the dead man's eyelids,and then turned to examine the bottles on the table.
"my own prescription," he said, after tasting the contents of one phial.
"ah, this was bad; why did he not consult me?"
and he sadly shook hishead as he tasted the remaining liquid in the second.
"what do you make of it?"
he looked the other steadily in the face and the doctor interpreted thecause of his anxiety.
"a clear case of accidental poisoning," he replied.
"sir charles hasconsulted me several times during the past week on account of hisextreme insomnia.
i specifically warned him against overdoing mytreatment.
change of air, exercise, and diet are the true specifics forsleeplessness, especially when induced, as his was, by a morbid state ofmind."
"you mean--""that sir charles has never recovered from the shock of his wife'sdeath.
i did not know of it myself until it was announced recently, andi gathered from him that the manner of her demise was partly unaccountedfor.
altogether, it is a sad business that such a couple should be takenin such a manner."
mr. white was industriously taking notes the while, and the doctorregarded him with a questioning look.
"this gentleman is in the police," explained bruce.
we came here by mere accident.
mr. white and i were engaged in animportant inquiry--the cause of lady dyke's disappearance, in fact--andwe hurried here at a late hour to consult with sir charles.
hence ourpresence and this discovery."
"there is no reason now," broke in the detective, "why the body shouldnot be moved?"
claude shuddered at the phrase.
it suggested the inevitable.
"not in the least.
i am quite satisfied as to the cause of death."
the despatch of telegrams and other necessary details kept bruce busilyemployed until two o'clock.
not until he reached the privacy of his ownlibrary was he able to break the seal of the packet left for him as thefinal act and word of the late sir charles dyke.
(_being the manuscript left by sir charles dyke, bart., and    addressed to claude bruce, esq., barrister-at-law_)it is customary, i believe, for poor wretches who are sentenced toundergo the last punishment of the law to be allowed a three weeks'respite between the date of their sentence and that on which they areexecuted.
i am in the position of such a one.
the difference between meand the convicted felon lies merely in environment; in most respects iam worse situated than he.
my period of agony is longer drawn out, i amcondemned to die by my own hand, i am mocked by the surroundings ofluxury, taunted by the knowledge that though life and even a sort ofhappiness are within my reach i must not avail myself of them.
there may come a time in the affairs of any man when he is compelled tochoose between a dishonored existence and voluntary death.
theseunpleasant alternatives are now before me.
you, who know me, would neverdoubt which of them i should adopt, nor will you upbraid me because ourjudgments coincide.
there is nothing for it, bruce, but quietdeath--death in the least obtrusive form, and so disposed that it may bepossible for you, chief among my friends and the only person i can trustto fulfil my wishes, to arrange that my memory may be speedilyforgotten.
my virtues, i fear, will not secure me immortality; myfaults, i hope, will not be spread broadcast to cram the maws of thegaping crowd.
i do not shirk this final issue, nor do i crave pity.
in setting forthplainly the history of my wife's death and its results, i am actuatedsolely by a desire to protect others from needless suspicion.
havingresolved to pay forfeit for my own errors, i claim to have expiatedthem.
this document is an explanation, not a confession.
i have not much time left wherein fittingly to shape my story so as tobe just to all, myself included.
if i am not mistaken, the officers ofthe law are in hot chase of me, but my statement shall not be made to anearthly judge.
the words of a man about to die may not be well chosen;they should at least be true.
i will tell of events as nearly aspossible in their sequence of time.
if i leave gaps through haste orforgetfulness you will, from your own knowledge of the facts, readilyfill them up once you are in possession of the salient features.
mensmore and his sister were the friends of my early years.
we playedtogether as children.
gwendoline mensmore was two years younger than i,and i well remember making love to her at the age of eleven.
her motherdied when she was quite a baby, and her father married again, so herstep-brother albert is her junior by four years.
i taught him how toride and swim and play cricket.
my father's place in surrey--wedid not acquire the yorkshire property until the death of mygrandfather--adjoined the estate general mensmore occupied after hisretirement from the army.
we children always called gwendoline "dick," to avoid the difficulty ofher long-sounding name, i suppose, and i honestly believe that ourrespective parents entertained the idea that a marriage between us wasquite a natural thing.
i went to school at brighton, and mensmore,being a somewhat precocious lad, joined the same school before i left.
the headmaster, the rev.
septimus childe, was an old friend of myfather's, and when he wished to purchase a house at putney--the terriblehouse which has figured in my dreams for the past three months as aplace of skulls--my parents put pressure on my mother's trustees to makethe transaction an easy one.
of course, i knew it well.
we regarded itin those early days as a town house, and always lived there during theseason.
my father's succession to the title and estates changed all that.
wequitted surrey for yorkshire, and wensley house, portman square, was astep upwards from the barrack-like building which so admirably suitedmr. childe's requirements.
when i was at sandhurst general mensmore got into difficulties.
hequitted surrey, and we gradually lost sight of him and his children.
afterwards i knew that he struggled on for a few years, placed his sonin the army, and then came a complete collapse, ending in his death andthe boy's resignation of his commission.
of gwendoline mensmore'swhereabouts i knew nothing.
her memory never quitted me, but the newinterests in my life dulled it.
i imagined that i could laugh at achildish infatuation.
then i married.
i did so in obedience to my father's wishes, and alicewas, i suppose, an ideal wife--far too ideal for a youngster of my lowerintellectual plane.
i know now that i never had any real affection forher.
i was always somewhat awed by her loftier aspirations.
my interestslay in racing, hunting, sports generally, and having what i defined as"a good time."
she, though an excellent horsewoman, and in every sensean admirable hostess, thought newmarket vulgar, treated ascot as asocial necessity, and turned up her eyebrows at me when i failed to seeany utility in schemes for the reclamation of the submerged tenth.
thus, though we never quarrelled, we gradually drifted apart.
she knewshe bored me if she asked me to inspect a model dwelling; i knew shehated the people who were the companions of a coaching tour or a week atgoodwood.
unfortunately, we were not blessed with offspring.
had it beenotherwise, we might have found a common object of interest in ourchildren.
insensibly, we agreed to a separate existence.
we lived together asfriends rather than as husband and wife.
we parted without regret andmet without cordiality.
do not think we were unhappy.
if our marriagewas not bliss, it was at least comfortable.
i think my wife was proud ofmy successes on the turf in a quiet kind of way, and i certainly wasproud of her and of the high reputation she enjoyed among all classes ofsociety.
i even reverenced her for it, and i well knew that theenthusiastic receptions given us by our yorkshire tenantry were not dueto my efforts in their behalf, but to hers.
so we lived for nearly six years, and so we might have continued forsixty had i not met gwendoline mensmore again, under vastly changedcircumstances.
she was a chorus-girl in a variety theatre, earning apoor living under wretched conditions.
i discovered the fact by merechance.
i met her, and she told me her story--how she had married a man namedhillmer, whom her father had trusted, and whom she believed to be ableto save them from ruin.
then the crash came.
her father died; herhusband also broke down financially, took to drink and ill-treated her;her brother was swallowed up somewhere in the far west.
she had noalternative but to live apart from her husband and try to supportherself by the first career that suggests itself to a young, talented,and beautiful woman.
but she was already weary of the stage and itsdistasteful surroundings.
her nature was too delicate for the rudefriendships of the dressing-room.
she shuddered at the thought of a mildcarousal in a bar when the labors of the night were ended.
in a word, were i differently constituted, were she cast in more commonmould, there was apparently ready to hand all the material for a vulgar_liaison_.
my respect for my wife, however, no less than mrs. hillmer's finedisposition, saved both of us from folly.
yet i could not leave herexposed to the exigencies of a life in which she was rapidly becomingdisillusioned.
away in the depths of my heart i knew that this sweetwoman was my true mate, separated from me by adverse chance.
there wasnothing unfair to alice in the thought.
were she questioned at any time,i suppose, she must have admitted that we were, in some respects, asill-matched a couple as we were well-matched in others.
you will saythat i understood but little of feminine nature--nothing at all of mywife's.
how best to help mrs. hillmer--that was the question.
it was at thisstage i made the initial mistake to which i can, too late, trace a hostof succeeding misfortunes.
i did not consult my wife.
trying now toanalyze my reasons for this lamentable error of judgment i imagined thatit arose from some absurd disinclination on my part to admit that i wentto the stage-door of a theatre to inquire about the identity of a youngwoman whom i had recognized from the front of the house.
don't you see, my dear bruce, it is almost as bad to fear your wife asto suspect her.
as, at that time, my own life was free from the slightest cloud ofsorrow, i took keen interest in the troubles of mrs. hillmer, and iamused myself by playing, in her behalf, the part of a modern magician.
i felt intuitively that she would resent any direct attempt on my partto place funds at her disposal, and i found a great deal of harmless funin helping her with her consent, but without her actual knowledge.
i am, as you know, a rich man.
at this hour i cannot sum up my availableassets to within £100,000.
altogether i must be worth nearly a millionsterling--yet my money cannot purchase me another day's existence suchas i would tolerate.
strange, is it not?
well, the close of the year before last was a period of unexampledactivity on the stock exchange, and, by way of a joke, i made somepurchases on mrs. hillmer's account, with the intention of pretending topay myself out of the profits, while handing her such balances as mightaccrue.
she is a shrewd woman, and quick at figures, so i might haveexperienced some difficulty in deceiving her.
but the mad record of thepast twelve months was in no wise belied by its inception.
my purchaseswere those of a man inspired by the goddess of fortune.
stocks which ibought commenced suddenly to inflate.
i astounded my brokers by themanner in which i ferreted out neglected bonds, mines which struck themother lode next week, railway companies whose directors were even thensecretly conspiring to water the stock.
mrs. hillmer became infected with the craze like myself.
twice weplunged heavily in american rails and came out triumphantly.
to end thispart of my story, after five months of excitement i had contrived notonly to swell my own deposits to a large extent, but i had secured onmrs. hillmer's account a sufficient quantity of reliable stock to bringher in an average income of £1,500 per annum.
my greatest difficulty was to persuade mrs. hillmer to break off thehabit of speculation once she had contracted it.
i found that sheperused the late editions of the evening papers with the same eagernessthat a bookmaker looks for the starting prices of the day's races.
bythe exercise of firmness and tact i was able to stop her from furtherdealings.
at the close of this period i need hardly say that two things hadhappened.
mrs. hillmer and i were fast friends, with common objects andinterests in life; and, concurrently, the ties between alice and myselfhad loosened still more.
i also carelessly made another blunder.
under the pretence that secrecywas requisite for stock exchange transactions, i persuaded mrs. hillmerto allow me to pass under the name of colonel montgomery.
mrs. hillmer, of course, was now able to live in comparative luxury.
icame to regard her house as an abode of rest.
i was more at home in herdrawing-room than in my own house.
she often spoke to me of my wife, andobviously wished to see her, but here i did a cowardly thing.
irepresented my married existence as far less comfortable than it reallywas, and gradually mrs. hillmer ceased all allusion to alice.
shemisunderstood our relations.
i knew it, and did not explain.
not a veryworthy proceeding for a man whose sense of honor is so keen that heprefers death to disgrace.
but one can deceive no other so easily asoneself.
occasionally, when opportunities offered, we went out together.
it wasfoolish, you will say, and i agree with you.
if folly were not pleasantit would not be so fashionable.
but, to this hour, the relations betweenus are those only of close friendship.
never in my life have i addressedher by other than her married name, never have i touched her arm save byway of casual politeness.
i really think i flattered myself upon my superior virtues.
i could seeall the excellence but none of the stupidity of my behavior.
about this time, mrs. hillmer's husband died.
thenceforth she becameslightly reserved in manner.
when life was a defiance she foughtconvention, but with safety came prudence.
in fact, she told me that myfrequent visits to her house would certainly be ill-construed if theybecame known.
i was seeking for a pretext to introduce her to her ownset in society, when a double catastrophe occurred.
my wife discovered, as she imagined, that i was clandestinely occupiedwith another woman, and mrs. hillmer's brother returned from america.
it will best serve my hurried narrative if i relate events exactly asthey happened, and not as they look in the light of subsequentknowledge.
mensmore was naturally astounded to find his sister so well providedfor, and gratefully accepted the help she gave him towards resuscitatinghis own fortunes.
but it did not occur to either of us that he wouldtake the ordinary view of the bond existing between us, and i shallnever forget his rage when he found out that i was not known to hissister's servants by my right name.
it was an awkward position for allthree.
he was loth to allege that which we did not feel called upon todeny.
but between him and me there was a marked coolness, arising fromsuspicion on his part and resentment on mine, coupled, i must add, withan unquiet consciousness that his attitude was not wholly unreasonable.
mrs. hillmer and he discussed the matter several times.
he urged thatthis compromising friendship should be discontinued.
she--a determinedwoman when her mind was made up--fought the suggestion on the ground ofunfairness, though, like myself, she would have been glad of anyaccident which would alter the position of affairs.
he interpreted her opposition to different motives.
finally, as hisfinancial position was a dangerous one, as we afterwards learned, and hedespaired of setting things straight in raleigh mansions--judging themfrom his own point of view--he resolved to leave england again.
and now i come to the night of november 6.it was, as you will remember, a foggy and unpleasant day.
i had somebusiness in the city which detained me until darkness set in.
i had notseen mrs. hillmer for two days, so i resolved to drive to sloanesquare--travelling by the underground was intolerable in suchweather--and have tea with her.
i did not know then that she had gone with her maid tobrighton--intending to return that evening.
it was a sudden whim, shetold me subsequently, and she had not even informed the other servantsof her intention.
the pavements in the city were slimy with the dampness of the fog, andas an empty four-wheeler passed through cornhill i hailed it, a mostunusual choice on my part.
the cabman, i noticed, was fairly elevated,but as these fellows often drive better when drunk than sober, i simplytold him to be careful, and jumped in.
i reached sloane square allright, and detained the cab for my intended journey home in time fordinner.
at the door of mrs. hillmer's flat i met the cook and housemaid, bothgoing out to do some shopping, probably, in the spare hour before it wastime to prepare dinner.
they knew me well, of course, and admitted me to the drawing-room,telling me that mrs. hillmer was out, but would surely return very soon.
i had not been in the room a minute before the sharp double knock of atelegraph messenger brought the coachman, whom the girls left in chargeof the house, to the door, and i startled the man by appearing in thehall, as he did not know of my presence.
"what is it, simmonds?"
i said, as i correctly guessed the message to befrom mrs. hillmer.
"the missus is in brighton, sir," he answered.
"she wants the carriageto meet her at victoria at seven o'clock.
it's six now, and i ought togo around to the stables at once, but both these blessed girls have goneout.
i'm in a fair fix."
"no fix at all," i said.
"i want to see mrs. hillmer, so i will waithere until she arrives--or, at all events, till the servants come back."
the man scratched his head, but he could think of no better plan, so he,too, went off, and i was left alone, for the first time in my life, inmrs. hillmer's abode.
it is the small events that govern our lives,claude, not those that stand out prominently.
the shopping expedition ofa couple of servant girls, intent on securing a new cap or a few yardsof calico, brought about my wife's death, caused misery to many people,and ends, i sincerely hope, in my own speedy leap into oblivion.
i picked up a novel, "tess of the d'urbervilles," hit upon the terribleepisode that culminates on salisbury plain, and was soon deeplyinterested, when another knock--this time an imperative summons longdrawn out--caused me to hasten to the door.
i opened it, and in the dim light of the staircase landing, for a seconddid not recognize the lady who stood outside.
heaven help me, i was soonenlightened.
my wife's voice was bitterly contemptuous as she said:"you don't keep a footman, it appears, in your new establishment,charles."
had i been suddenly struck blind, or paralyzed, i could not have beenmore dumfounded than by alice's unexpected appearance.
a thoroughscoundrel might, perhaps, have thought of the best thing to say.
iblurted out the worst.
"what are you doing _here_?"
i stammered when my tongue recovered itsuse.
"no doubt you resent my appearance," she cried, in a high, shrill tone ihad never before heard from her, "but i shall not trouble you further.
imerely came to confirm with my own eyes what my ears refused toentertain.
now, i am satisfied."
she half turned with the intention of reaching the street, but, rendereddesperate by the absurdity of my position, i gripped her arm and pulledher forcibly into the entrance-hall, closing and bolting the door behindus.
"you have seen too much not to see more," i cried.
"i will not allow youto ruin both our lives by a mere suspicion."
she was in a furious temper, but her sense of propriety--for she did notknow that the servants' quarters were empty--restrained her until we hadboth entered the drawing-room.
then she burst upon me with a torrent of words.
"a mere suspicion, indeed!"
she said, and there was that in her voicewhich warned me that i had better try unarmed to control a tigress thana wife who deemed herself wronged; "these are pretty _suspicions_ thatsurround you.
a house tenanted by another woman where you are evidentlymaster!
a mistress who left the ranks of the ballet, or something of thesort, living in luxury on means supplied by you!
a married woman whocasts off her husband with her poverty, to take up a paramour andriches!
do you think you can blind my eyes further?
i have the mostconvincing proofs of your infamy.
do not imagine that on any speciouspretext i will condone your conduct.
i despise you from the depths of myheart.
henceforth i will strive to forget your very existence."
"alice," i said, and if she had not been blinded by passion she musthave been affected by my earnestness, "will you listen to me?"
"why should i?
what respect have you shown to me that i should now seemeven to accept your excuses?"
"i appeal to you not to do anything in anger.
you have good reason to beenraged with me.
i only ask you to suspend your final judgment.
hearwhat i have to say, take time for deliberation, for further inquiry, andthen condemn me to any punishment you think fit."
she did not answer me.
her eyes were roving round the room and takingstock of every indication of poor mrs. hillmer's artistic aptitude.
theplace was eminently home-like, much more so than our elegant mansion inportman square, and my wife noted the fact with momentarily increasingbitterness.
yet i essayed my desperate task with failing nerve andterrible consciousness of a bad cause.
"notwithstanding all that you have seen and heard," i said, "i am notguilty of the crime you accuse me of.
mrs. hillmer is an old friend ofmine, whom i have helped from a state of misery to one of comfort andcomparative happiness.
she is as pure-minded in thought, as spotless incharacter, as you are yourself.
you are doing her a grievous injusticeby doubting the relations between her and me.
if you only knew her--"my wife laughed scornfully.
"pray spare yourself, charles.
i have never seen you so interestedbefore, but you lie badly, nevertheless."
"i do not lie.
before heaven i am telling you the truth."
"you are even willing to perjure yourself, _colonel montgomery_?"
my poor armor was ill-fitted for this stroke.
i suppose i must haveflinched before it, for she went on:"you see i am well posted.
my detectives have done their work well.
oh,heaven, that i should ever have learned to love a vile wretch like you.
i thought you respected me, at least.
i tried hard to bend my own wishesto sympathy with yours, and i dreamt even of ultimate success.
i knewyou didn't care much for me, but the devotion of a slave has at timesbeen rewarded by the affection of her master.
fortunately, i am a slaveby choice.
it only required experience to break my bonds, and you havesupplied the experience."
for the first time in my life did it dawn on me that my self-containedand haughty wife harbored other thoughts than a sentiment of respect foran indulgent and easily controlled husband.
it was a shock to me, adeeper humiliation than she dreamed of.
how could i expiate the past,wipe out this record of error and folly, but not of ill-doing, and livehappily with her so long as providence was pleased to spare us?
whilethese things ran through my brain she suddenly turned on me.
"you fear exposure in the law courts!
you dread your name figuring in asociety scandal!
how little you know me.
you naturally compare me byyour own contemptible standard.
i left your house to-night determinednever to return to it should i find you here, as in all probability, iwas told, would be the case.
i will go to my sister until i havedetermined upon my future life.
you, at least, will never, by my desire,see or hear from me again.
thus far, i presume, i will fall in with yourviews."
she would have passed me, but i held fast to the inside of the door.
ifonce she got away from me i might never be able to set affairs eventolerably right.
better, i deemed, have one trying scene in the hopethat she would calm down in the face of facts, than allow her to carrythe quarrel to her relatives and strengthen her attitude by theirnatural support.
"alice," i said, "you shall not go."
"how can you dare to detain me?"
she shrieked, and the glint in her eyesshowed how thoroughly her passions were aroused.
"you can separate from me if you will.
i shall not venture to hinderyou.
but i swear you shall not do this rash act without knowledge.
itell you you must remain here.
when you leave this house you do so in mycompany."
"and why am i to be kept a prisoner?"
"mrs. hillmer will return in less than an hour.
you have sought thismeeting yourself.
you shall have it.
when your charges havebeen thoroughly thrashed out in the presence of mrs. hillmer and myselfi will then accompany you where you will, and leave you under theprotection of your sister, or any one else you choose, should you stillpersist in leaving me."
of course my action was unwise to the last degree.
but remember, claude,that during these last awful five minutes i had seen a side of my wife'snature hidden from me six long years.
and i was a man suddenly plungedinto a raging sea, drifting helplessly i knew not whither.
all thatconsumed me was a wild desire for such scant justice as i deserved.
ihad erred, but my faults were not those my wife alleged against me.
if she was angry before she was now absolutely uncontrollable.
"remain to meet your--your mistress?
never, whilei have life!"
she flung herself upon me so suddenly that she tore me away from thedoor.
she was a strong and athletic woman, and i suppose she expectedsome resistance, for she used such force as to drag me forward into themiddle of the room, overturning a chair in the effort.
i was so utterlytaken by surprise that i yielded to her violence more completely thanshe expected.
she staggered, let go her hold, and fell heavily backwards, trippingover the fallen chair.
i made a desperate attempt to save her, but onlycaught the end of a fur necklet, and it tore like a spider's web.
her body crashed against a venetian fender, and her head came with awfulforce against a sort of support for the fire-irons that stood up a footfrom the ground.
then she rolled over, her eyes and face undergoing a ghastly change, andinstantly became, as i thought, unconscious.
i knelt beside her, raising her head with my right hand, and brokenlybesought her to speak to me, when i would at once do anything shedemanded.
but she gave no sign of animation.
in a frenzy of despair, iforced myself to examine her injuries, and my heart nearly stoppedbeating when i discovered that a large piece of iron had been driveninto her brain through the back of her head.
i knew in a moment that she was dead.
although i have not had muchexperience of that terrible epoch in the human being, i have seen fartoo much of death in animal life not to know that she who had been myhonored and respected wife now lay before me a mere soulless entity--asymbol only of the splendid vital creature who, a minute earlier, wasangrily protesting against the supposed faithlessness of her mate.
looking back now upon the events of that fateful night, i marvel at theappalling coolness which came to my aid as soon as i realized the extentof the misfortune which had befallen both alice and myself.
i can fullyunderstand what is meant by the callousness of a certain class ofcriminals, or the indifference to inevitable death betrayed by easternraces.
no sooner was i quite assured that my wife was dead--dead beyondhope or doubt--than i regained the use of my reasoning faculties in themost marvellously cold-blooded degree.
the actual difficulties of my position were enormous.
i arraigned myselfbefore the judge and jury, and saw clearly that every circumstancewhich contributed to alice's suspicions in the first instance were nowmagnified a hundred-fold by the manner and scene of her death.
before me, in ghostly panorama, moved the dread crowd of witnessesagainst me, the degradation of my family, the bitter and vengefulfeelings of my wife's relatives, the suffering of poor, unconscious mrs.hillmer, the whole avalanche of horror and misery which this unfortunateaccident had precipitated upon every person who claimed my relationshipor friendship.
my mental attitude was quite altruistic.
could i have undone the past, iwould cheerfully have undergone a painful and protracted deathforthwith.
but no possible atonement on my part would restore alice to life.
i knewit was quite improbable that i should be convicted of murdering her,strong as the circumstantial testimony against me must be.
the merelegal consequences did not, however, weigh with me for a second.
fromthat awful hour i felt that i was doomed personally.
my only thought wasto seek oblivion, not only for myself, but for all whom alice's deathmight affect.
reasoning in this way, i rapidly resolved to make a bold effort toconceal forever the time and place of the fatality.
if i failed, i couldtell the truth; if i succeeded, i might, at my own expense, save a vastamount of unnecessary sorrow.
the desperate expedient came to me of carrying off the body to theuntenanted house at putney where my old master had resided until hisdeath, utilizing the four-wheeled cab with its half-drunken driver forthe purpose.
if i reached putney unhindered, i could dispose of my terrible burdeneasily, for the river flowed past the grounds, and every inch of thelocality was known to me.
it occurred to me that perhaps the body might be found and recognized.
our personal linen was never marked, by reason of the fact that ourlaundry work was done upon our yorkshire estate, but as a temporarysafeguard i resolved to take some different and less valuable outerclothes from mrs. hillmer's residence.
her maid was of a similar build to my wife, so i hastened to the girl'sroom, and laid hands upon a soiled coat and skirt which were relegatedto the recesses of the wardrobe.
i glanced at my watch as i came along the corridor.
it was 6.15 p.m. allthe incidents i have related to you had happened within a quarter of anhour.
it seemed longer than all the preceding years of mylife.
having resolved upon a line of conduct, i pursued it with the_sang-froid_ and accuracy of one of the superior scoundrels delineatedby du boisgobey.
the door of the flat was locked.
if the servants,hardly due yet, returned unexpectedly, i would send them off to victoriastation on some imaginary errand of their mistress's.
i knelt beside my poor wife's body once more, and with great difficultytook off her costume and loosely fastened on the maid's garments.
in her purse there were some bulky documents, which i afterwardsdiscovered to be the reports furnished by a firm of private detectives,detailing all my movements with reference to raleigh mansions withsurprising accuracy.
but she had concealed her name.
these menthemselves only knew me as "colonel montgomery."
how alice first came to suspect me i can only guess.
perhaps myindifference, my absence from home at definite hours, a chance meetingin the street unknown to me--any of these may have supplied the initialcause, and led her to verify her doubts before taxing me with mysupposed iniquity.
indeed, her final act in coming alone to mrs. hillmer's abode, revealedher fearless spirit and independent methods.
she wanted no divorce courtrevelations.
she would simply have spurned me as an unworthy anddishonorable wretch.
her small belongings i put in my pockets; theclothes i made into a parcel and stuffed temporarily beneath myovercoat.
then i unlocked the door, and went down the few steps to the mainentrance.
there was no one about, the fog and sleet having cleared thestreet--a quiet thoroughfare at all times.
i took the risk of the maids coming back, and i ran to the square for myconveyance.
the driver had been improving the occasion, and was moreinebriated than before.
he brought his cab to the door, and i knew, bythe appearance of things, that no one had entered during my absence.
with some difficulty i lifted alice's body into my arms in as natural aposition as possible, and carried her to the cab, leaving the door ofthe flat ajar.
luck still favored me.
the cabman supposed that she, likehimself, was intoxicated.
a man came down the opposite side of thestreet, but he paid not the slightest heed to me, and, indeed, we werebut dimly visible to each other.
exerting all my strength unobtrusively, i placed my wife on the rearseat, and then calmly gave the driver instructions.
he grumbled at thedistance, but i told him i would pay him handsomely.
searching in mypockets and alice's purse, i could only find twelve shillings, so,although it was risky, to avoid a quarrel with the man, i determined togive him a five-pound note.
thus far, all had gone well.
the notion possessed me that, to all intents and purposes, i hadmurdered my wife, and that i was now disposing of the visible signs ofmy guilt in the most approved manner of a daring criminal.
whether i didright or wrong i cannot, even at this late hour, decide.
should my deathinduce forgetfulness, i am still inclined to think that i acted for thebest.
my wife was dead; i was self-condemned.
why, then, allow others,wholly innocent, to be dragged into the vortex?
this was my line of thought.
if you, reading this ghastly narrative,shudder at my deeds, i pray you nevertheless to weigh in the balance thegood and ill that resulted from my actions.
at last we reached putney, and drew up at the end of the disused lanewhich runs down by the side of the house to the river.
here, again, the road was deserted.
i lifted my wife out, carried her tothe postern-gate, and returned to give the driver his note.
the man wasso amazed at the amount that he whipped up his horse instantly, fearinglest i should change my mind.
i was about to force open the old and rickety door into the garden wheni remembered the drain-pipe jutting into the thames--a place where, as achild, i often caused much alarm by surreptitious visits for the purposeof catching minnows.
i quickly took off my coat and boots, turned up mytrousers and shirt-sleeves, and examined the pipe with my hands.
it exactly suited my purpose.
in half a minute i had firmly wedged mywife's body beneath it.
this was the most horrible portion of my task.
the chill water, the desolation of the river bank, the mud and trailingweeds--all these things seemed so vile and loathsome when placed incontact with the mortal remains of my ill-fated alice.
she had loved me.
i believe i loved her, as i assuredly do now when herpresence is but a memory, yet i was condemned to commit her to thecontaminating beastliness of such surroundings.
it was a small matter,in the face of death, but it has weighed on me since more than any otherfeature of that cruel night's history.
before leaving putney i tied her clothes, hat, and furs to a couple ofheavy stones and threw the parcel into deep water.
by train and cab i reached home but a few minutes late for dinner.
itwas not difficult for me to act my part with the servants, nor keep upthe farce during the weary days that followed.
my consciousness was soseared by what i had gone through that the mere make-believe of myposition was a relief to me.
that night, in the privacy of my room, i recollected the broken fender,and feared lest the ironwork would supply a clue should the body bediscovered, a thing i deemed practically impossible.
but, for mrs. hillmer's sake, i took no risk.
next morning, before i sawyou at tattersall's, i made arrangements for the whole contents of herdrawing-room to be transferred to her brother's flat, where, to myknowledge, the articles were needed.
mrs. hillmer had gone out early, so the thing was done in her absence.
her amazement was so great that she wired me, using as a signature thepet name of her childhood, and this was the first message you heard thegroom refer to when he came a second time with the telegram fromrichmond.
i wrote her a hurried note, explaining that i intended the transfer asa sop to her offended brother, but she had telegraphed again, and i hadto go to see her, to learn that mensmore resented the gift, and had goneoff in a huff to monte carlo.
a little later, i took the supreme step of writing a farewell letter.
since my wife's death i could not bear to meet any other woman.
icommuned with my poor alice more when dead than when alive.
i do not think i have anything else to tell you.
step by step i watchedyou and the police tearing aside my barrier of deceit.
at times ithought i would baffle you in the end.
were it not for my folly inbribing jane harding i think i must have succeeded.
that poor girl was the undoing of me in the first instance, and she nowhas brought me my final sentence, for she came to-day and told me, withtears, all that happened between the detective and herself.
white, too,put in an appearance.
to-morrow, i suppose, he will bring a warrant, if you do not see himfirst and tell him the truth.
do not misunderstand me.
i am glad of this release.
when you strove toarouse me from my despair i did, for a little while, cherish the hopethat i might be able to devote my declining years to the work whichalice herself took an interest in.
but the web of testimony woven roundmy old friend, mensmore; the self-effacing spirit of his sister, who, toshield me, was willing to sacrifice herself; the possibility that imight involve these two, and perhaps others, in my own ruin--everycircumstance conspired to overwhelm me.
i can endure no more, my dear bruce.
it is ended.
the past is already adream to me--the future void.
my poor nature was not designed towithstand such a strain.
the cord of existence has snapped, and icannot bring myself to believe it will be mended again.
in bidding youfarewell i ask one thing.
if you take a charitable view of my deeds, ifyou consider that my penalty is commensurate with my faults, then youmight take my dead hand and say, "this was my friend.
i pity him.
maythe spirit of his wife be merciful unto him should they meet in theregions beyond the grave."
and so, for the last time, i sign myself                    charles dyke.
much as bruce would have wished to inter his dead friend's secret withhis mortal remains in the tomb, it was impossible.
sir charles dyke's sacrifice must not be made in vain, and the strangechain of events encircled other actors in the drama too strongly toenable the barrister to adopt the course which would otherwise havecommended itself to him.
an early visit to scotland yard, where, incompany with mr. white, he interviewed the deputy commissioner, and aconference with the district coroner settled two important questions.
the police were satisfied as to the cause of lady dyke's death, and thecoroner agreed to keep the evidence as to the baronet's sudden collapsestrictly within the limits of the medical evidence.
a wholly unnecessary public scandal was thus avoided.
with lady dyke's relatives his task required considerable tact.
withouttaking them fully into his confidence, he explained that sir charles hadall along known the exact facts bearing upon her death and burial-place,but for family reasons he thought it best not to disclose his knowledge.
bruce needed their co-operation in getting the home office to give therequisite permission for lady dyke's reburial.
the circumstance that thedeceased baronet had left his estates to his wife's nephew, joined tothe important position bruce occupied as one of the trustees and jointguardian, with the boy's mother, of the young heir, smoothed over manydifficulties.
after a harassing and anxious week bruce had the melancholy satisfactionof seeing the remains of the unfortunate couple laid to rest in thestately gloom of the family vault.
the newspapers, of course, scented a mystery in the proceedings, butdefinite inquiry was barred in every direction.
even the exhumationorder gave no clue to the reasons of the authorities for granting it,and in less than the proverbial nine days the incident was forgotten.
sir charles had made it a condition precedent to the succession that hisheir should bear his name, and should live with his widowed mother onthe yorkshire estate, or in the town house, for a certain number ofmonths in each year, until the boy was old enough to go to school.
the stipulation was intended to have the effect of more rapidly buryinghis own memory in oblivion.
bruce, too, was given a sum of £5,000, "tobe expended in bequests as he thought fit."
claude understood his motive thoroughly.
jane harding had been loyal toher master in her way, so he arranged that she should receive an annualincome sufficient to secure her from want.
thompson, too, was providedfor when the time came that he was too feeble for further employment atportman square, and mr. white received a handsome _douceur_ for hisservices.
mrs. hillmer did not even know of sir charles dyke's death until weekshad passed.
acting on bruce's advice her brother simply told her thateverything had been settled, and that the authorities concurred with thebarrister in the opinion that lady dyke was accidently killed.
when she had completely recovered from the shock of the belief that herloyal friend had murdered his wife, mensmore one day told her the wholesad story.
but he would allow no more weeping.
"it is time," he said, "that the misery of this episode should cease.
when the chief actor in the tragedy gave his life to end the suffering,we would but ill meet his wishes by allowing it to occupy our thoughtsunduly in the future."
mensmore's marriage with phyllis browne was now definitely fixed for thefollowing autumn, so he carried his sister off with him on a hasty tripto wyoming in company with corbett--a journey required for theprotection and development of their joint interests in that state.
not only did their property turn out to be of great and lasting value,but during their absence the springbok mine began to boom.
even thecautious barrister one day found himself hesitating whether or not tosell at half over par, so excellent were the reports and so extensivethe dividends from that auriferous locality.
the two young people were married, a scion of the house had become alusty two-year-old, mr. white had become chief inspector, and miss mariele marchant had, by strenuous effort, risen to the dignity of doublecrown posters as a "dashing comedienne"--when bruce's memories of hislost friends were suddenly revived in an unexpected manner.
mr. sydney h. corbett came to him with measured questionings andbrooding thought stamped on his brows.
"it's like this," he said, when they were settled down to details, "iwant to get married."
inquired claude, wondering at the savage tone in which theannouncement was made.
"that's what everybody yells the moment i mention it.
she screams 'oh!'
and runs off with tears in her eyes.
her brother says 'oh!'
and looksuncomfortable, but refuses to discuss the proposition.
now you say 'oh!'
and gaze at me like an owl at the bare statement.
what the dickens doesit all mean, i want to know?
i'm not worrying about what happened yearsago.
mrs. hillmer is just the sort of woman i require as a wife, andi'll marry her yet if the whole british nation says 'oh!'
loud enough tobe heard and answered by the u-nited states."
"that's the proper sort of spirit in which to set about the business."
"yes, sir; but i can't get any forrarder.
there's a kind of rock belowwater which holds me up every time i shoot the rapids.
she likes me wellenough, i know.
she calls me 'syd' as slick as butter, and i call her'gwen'; but there you are--if i want to go ahead a bit she pulls up andweeps.
now, why the--""steady, mr. corbett.
women weep for many reasons.
do you know herhistory?"
"no, and i don't want to."
"but perhaps that is exactly what she does want.
remember that she hasbeen married before, with somewhat bitter experience.
she probablybelieves that a husband and wife should have no secrets from each other.
above all else, there should be no cloud between them as to bygoneevents.
mrs. hillmer is highly sensitive.
if she imagined you were underany misapprehension as to the circumstances under which sir charles andlady dyke met their deaths--do not forget that you were personallymixed up in the affair--she would neither entertain your proposal norexplain her motives.
she would just do as you say--run away and cry."
"well, now, that beats everything," said corbett admiringly.
"that neverstruck me before."
"it is the probable explanation of her attitude, nevertheless."
"then what am i to do?"
"write to her.
ask her permission to learn the facts from me.
tell heryou believe you understand the reasons for her reticence, and that youronly excuse for the request is that you want to go to her on an equalplane of absolute confidence.
it seems to me--""that i'd better get quick and do it," shouted corbett, vanishing withthe utmost celerity.
bruce still occupied his old chambers in victoria street.
he did notexpect to see corbett again for a couple of days.
to the barrister'sutter amazement he returned within ten minutes.
he cried excitedly.
"you struck it first time.
i just rangher up--""rang her up?"
"yes; she's staying at the savoy for a few days, so i telephoned fromthe windsor.
i could never fix up a letter in your words, you know.
butswitch me on the end of a wire and i know where i am."
"what on earth did you say?"
"as soon as i got her in the box at the other end, i said, 'is that you,gwen?'
'yes,' said she.
'well,' said i, 'i guess you know who'stalking?'
'quite well,' said she.
'then,' said i, 'i've just beentelling mr. bruce i wanted to marry you, and that you wouldn't evendiscuss the proposition.
he said you probably wished me to know thewhole story of sir charles dyke, but felt kinder shy of telling meyourself.
he will get it off his chest if you give him permission, andthen i can come along in a hansom and fix things.
what do you say?'
there was no answer, so i shouted, 'are you there?'
and she said, 'yes,'faint-like.
'don't let me hurry you,' said i, 'but if you agreestraight-away i can catch bruce at home, for i've just left him.'
withthat she said, 'very well.
you can see mr.
and here i am."
"having accomplished the whole thing satisfactorily."
"don't you see you have proposed to the lady and practically beenaccepted?"
it does look something like it.
say, i'm off!
this story ofyours will keep until to-morrow."
he would have gone, but bruce jumped after him.
"not so fast, mr. corbett.
you must not sail into the savoy flying afalse flag.
kindly oblige me with your attention for the nexthalf-hour."
with that, he unlocked a safe and took from its recesses sir charlesdyke's "confession."
he read the whole of its opening passages,explaining the relations between mrs. hillmer and her unfortunate butabiding friend.
the straightforward, honest sentences sounded strangely familiar at thisdistance of time.
bruce was glad of the opportunity of reading themaloud.
it seemed a fitting thing that this testimony should come, as itwere, from the tomb.
corbett listened intently to the recital and to the barrister's summaryof the events that followed.
he said, when the sad tale had ended.
"i hope you shookhands with him as he asked you to do?"
would that my grasp had the power to reassure him of myheartfelt sympathy."
for a little while they were silent.
"so," said corbett at last, "gwen thought i would make the same mistakeas the poor lady, and suspect her wrongfully."
"no, not that.
but naturally she wished the man whom she could trust asa husband to be wholly cognizant of events in which already he hadparticipated slightly."
"she was right.
i like her all the better for it.
but, tell me, is thereany necessity for that wonderful document to be preserved?"
"not the slightest.
it has served its last use."
"then put it in the fire."
bruce did not hesitate a moment to comply with the wish.
the flamesdevoured the record with avidity, and the two men watched the manuscriptcrumbling into nothingness.
then corbett said:"i must be off to the savoy."
"good-bye, old chap," said bruce.
"and good luck to you, too.
icongratulate both mrs. hillmer and yourself."
