"there, sonny--behold the city of your dreams!
good old new york, asper schedule.
ain't she great?"
the slim, self-possessed youth of twenty hardly seemed to expect ananswer; but the man addressed in this pert manner, though the senior ofthe pair by six years, felt that the emotion throbbing in his heartmust be allowed to bubble forth lest he became hysterical.
"old new york, do you call it?"
he asked quietly.
the tense restraintin his voice would perhaps have betrayed his mood to a more delicatelytuned ear than his companion's, but young howard devar, heir of thedevar millions--son of "vancouver" devar, the devar who fed multitudeson canned salmon, and was suspected of having cornered wheat at leastonce, thus woefully misapplying the parable of the loaves andfishes--had the wit to appreciate the significance of the question,deaf as he was to its note of longing, of adulation, of vibrantsentiment.
"_coelum non animum mutat_, which, in good american, means that it isthe same old city on the level, and only changes its sky-line," hechortled.
"bet you a five-spot to a nickel i'll walk blindfolded alongtwenty-third street from the hoboken ferry any time of the day, andtake the correct turn into broadway, bar being run over by a taxi orstreet-car at the crossings."
"i'll take the same odds and do that myself.
how could any normalhuman being miss the rattle of the sixth avenue elevated?"
devar's forehead wrinkled with surprise.
how often have you told me that you had neverseen new york since you were a baby?"
"nor have i.  ten years ago, almost to a day, i sailed from boston toeurope with my people, and i had never revisited new york after leavingit in infancy, though both my father and mother hailed from the bronx."
"there's a cog missing somewhere, or my mental gear-box is out ofshape."
"not a bit of it.
one may learn heaps of things from maps and books."
"start right in, then, and take an honors course, for behold in me amap and a book and a high-grade society index for the whole blessedlittle island of manhattan."
what is that slender, column-like structure to the left ofthe singer building?"
devar gazed hard at the graceful tower indicated by his friend; then helaughed.
"oh, you're uncanny, that's what you are," he said.
"you've lived solong in the east that you've imbibed its tricks of occultism andnecromancy.
i suppose you have discovered in some way that thatmushroom has sprung up since the old man sent me to heidelberg?"
"i guessed it, i admit.
it does not figure among the down-townsky-scrapers in the latest drawing available in london."
"and d'ye mean to tell me that you can pick out any of thesetop-notchers merely by studying a picture?"
probably you could do the same if you, like me, felt yourself areturned exile."
young devar awoke at last to the fact that his companion was brimmingover with subdued excitement.
whether this arose from the intensenationalism of an expatriated american, or from some more subtlepersonal cause, he could not determine, but, being young, he wascynical.
he looked at the strong, set face, the well-knit, sinewyfigure, the purposeful hands gripping the fore rail of the promenadedeck; then he growled, with just the least spice of humorous envy:"say, curtis, old man, you ought to have a hell of a good time in newyork!"
"at any rate, i shall not suffer from lack of enthusiasm," came thequick retort.
devar felt the spur, and his restless, bird-like eyes condescended todwell for a few seconds in silence on the splendid panorama in front.
the _lusitania_ had passed through the narrows before the two young menhad strolled along the upper deck of the great steamship to the'vantage point of a gangway which made a half-circle around thecommander's quarters.
already the statue of liberty loomedmajestically over the port bow, and the wide expanse of the hudsonriver was framed by the wooded slopes of staten island, the low shoresof new jersey, and the heights of the palisades.
somewhat to the rightrose the imperial outlines of newest new york, that wonderful citywhich, even in the memory of children, has raised itself hundreds offeet nearer the sky.
a thin, blue haze gave glamour to a delightfulscene, glowing in the declining rays of a november sun.
the giganticstrands of the brooklyn bridge showed through it like some aerial pathto a fabulous land, while, merging fast in the shadows, other dimspecters told of even greater engineering marvels higher up the eastriver.
a fleet of bustling vessels, for the most part ferry-boats andtugs of every possible size and shape, scudded across the spaciouswaterways, and lent to the picture exactly that semblance of vitality,of energetic purpose, of relentless effort to be up and doing--whetherthe new yorker was going home from his office, or his wife was cominginto town for dinner and a theater--which one, at least, of the city'suncounted sons had confidently expected to find in it.
so john delancy curtis drew a deep breath that sounded almost like asigh, but a pleasant smile illumined his somewhat stern face as heturned to devar and said:"i am giving myself fourteen days' free run of the town before i gowest to visit some relatives.
they live in indiana, i believe.
bloomington, monroe county, is the latest address i possess.
don'tforget to ring me up to-morrow.
you remember the hotel, the central,in west 27th street."
"oh, forget it!"
cried the other vexedly.
"why in the world are youburying yourself in that pre-historic shanty?
man alive, the hollandhouse is only a block away, and there are 'steen hotels of the rightsort strung out along fifth avenue, 'way up to central park----""it's just a whim," broke in curtis, who did not feel like explainingat the moment that he was choosing a quiet old inn in a side streetbecause he had been born there!
nevertheless, his words held that ringof decision, of finality in judgment, which invariably forms part ofthe equipment of men who have lived in wild lands and lorded it overinferior races.
devar was vaguely conscious, and perhaps slightlyresentful, of this compelling quality in his new-found crony.
oft-times it had quelled him for an instant during some stubbornlycontested argument, though he raged at himself just as often foryielding to it, as if, forsooth, he were one of those patient,animal-like, chinese coolies of whose courage and endurance curtisspoke so admiringly.
yet he was drawn to the man, and clung to hisfriendship.
i s'pose the place owns a telephone," he snickered, and thenhurried away to finish packing.
curtis, whose belongings were lockedand strapped hours ago, remained on deck, and watched the preparationsfor bringing the great liner alongside the cunard pier.
when herengines were stopped in mid-stream a number of fussy little tugs begannosing her round to starboard.
it seemed a matter of sheerimpossibility that these puny creatures should move such a monster; butfaith can move mountains, and in half an hour, or less, the tugs hadmoved the _lusitania_ to her allotted berth.
meanwhile, in each wide arch of the customs shed, parterres of joyousfaces grew momentarily more distinct.
it was easy to discern the veryinstant when one or other eager group on shore recognized the featuresof relatives and friends on the ship.
a frenzied waving ofhandkerchiefs, small flags, or umbrellas, an occasional wild whoop, acollege cry or a rebel yell, would evoke similar demonstrations fromthe packed lines of onlookers fringing the lower decks.
one fact wasdominant--to the vast majority of the passengers, this was home.
suddenly, curtis found that he was the sole tenant of the openpromenade.
everyone on board had hurried to the less exalted levels,the many to hail their loved ones, the few to watch that first uniquedemonstration of welcome to a new land which new york gives sogenerously.
somehow, he had never felt himself more alone--not even bynight in the solemn plains of manchuria--and he threw off the feeling,almost with contempt.
was not this city his very own?
had he not abirthright in every stone of it, from pavement to loftiest pinnacle?
this was _his_ home-coming, too, more real, more literally complete,than in the case of any but the few born new yorkers who might figureamong the two thousand passengers carried by the _lusitania_.
insistently claiming his share of recognition, he turned abruptly, andmade his way to the third deck.
there he met a lady, a young bride,who was returning to the states with her husband after a prolonged tourthrough europe.
her pretty face was wrung with emotion, but a secondglance revealed that her distress was due to the pleasant pain ofhappiness.
"have you seen your father and mother?"
he asked sympathetically,knowing that she had looked forward to this great hour with so muchlonging.
"y-yes," she sobbed.
"they are there--somewhere.
b-but, oh dear!
icannot see them now for my tears."
someone dug a joyful thumb into curtis's ribs.
it was the girl'shusband.
"gee, it's fine to be home again!"
he said huskily.
"your leaningtowers of pisa are all right by way of a change, but deal me themetropolitan for keeps, an' i've just spotted my old dad grinning at melike a cheshire cat from the middle of a crowd wedged so tight that itwould take a panic to squeeze in an extra walking-stick."
so the knowledge was borne in on curtis that one could feel quite aslonely on c deck as on a, and, case-hardened wanderer that he was, hebadly wanted someone to yell at gleefully among the waiting multitude.
now the gangways were out, and west folded east in her willing arms.
the stolid masses of steamship and customs shed obliterated the orangeand crimson sky still gleaming over the jersey shore, and pallidelectric lights revealed but vaguely the ever-changing groups beyondthe gangways.
to an experienced traveler like curtis all custom-houses were alike,dingy, nerve-racking, superfluous clogs on free movement.
taking histime, for he had none to embrace or greet with outstretched hand, hestrolled quietly off the ship, collected his baggage, which was piledwith other people's belongings under a big "c," and nodded to devar,similarly engaged at "d."the boy ran to him for an instant.
"i may look you up to-night," he said.
"dad is in chicago, and won'tbe here till the morning.
you remember we passed the _switzerland_after breakfast, and she signaled that she was steaming with the portengine only?"
"well, her trouble was known by wireless, and there is a man on boardwhom dad has to meet.
this chap is important.
i am not."
"my dear fellow, don't think of leaving your friends on my account thisevening," and curtis, without looking around, showed that he hadnoticed the befurred elderly lady and two very pretty daughters whowere taking howard devar under their elegant wings.
"oh, that's my aunt, and two of my cousins.
i have dozens of 'em,dozens of cousins, that is.
anyhow, old sport, don't wait in after7.30; just leave word where you may be about eleven."
no further protest by curtis was possible, because devar's presentbehavior was of the whirlwind order.
he seemed to own as many trunksas cousins, and a lantern-jawed customs official was gloating over themalready.
perhaps curtis felt a faint whiff of surprise that his youngfriend had not introduced him to his relatives, but it vanishedinstantly.
steamer acquaintance is a nebulous thing at the best; inthat respect, the land is more unstable than the sea.
at last, the stranger in his own country was consigned to a porter, histwo steamer trunks, a kit-bag, a suit-case, and a bundle of worn golfclubs were placed on a taxi, and a breath of clean, cold air blew in onhis face as the vehicle hurried along west street, that broad andexceedingly useful thoroughfare which new york has finally wrested fromits waterside slums.
the chief city of america is fortunate in the fact that a noble harborpresents her in full regalia to the voyager from europe.
thatfavorable first impression, unattainable by the majority of the world'scapitals, is never lost, and now it enabled curtis to disregard thegarish ugliness of the avenues and streets glimpsed during a quick runto the center of the town.
for one thing, he realized how the merepropinquity of docks and wharves infects entire districts with thehappy-go-lucky carelessness of jack ashore; for another, he knew whatwas coming.
or he fancied that he knew, a state of mind which, particularly in newyork, produces brain storms.
his first shock came when the taxi drewup in front of a narrow-fronted, exceedingly tall building, equippedwith revolving doors, while a hall-porter, dressed like an archduke,peered through the window and inquired severely:"have you reserved a room, sir?"
yes, this was the central hotel, rebuilt, gone skyward, in full cryafter its more pretentious _à la carte_ neighbors, and the hall-porterwas pained by the mere suspicion that the fact was not accepted of allthe world of travel.
although the newcomer confessed that he had not made any reservation ofrooms, the archduke graciously permitted him to alight--indeed, quelledan incipient rebellion on curtis's part by ordering a couple of negroesto disappear with most of the baggage.
so curtis announced meekly to asuper-clerk that he wanted a room with a bathroom, and was allowed toregister.
as in a dream, he signed "john d. curtis, pekin," and waspromptly annoyed at finding what he had written, because, being acitizen of new york, he had meant to claim the distinction, and ignorehis long years in cathay.
"you'll find 605 a comfortable, quiet room, mr. curtis," said theclerk.
"going to make a long stay, may i ask?"
"a few days--perhaps a fortnight.
i cannot say offhand."
"well, sir, i can't fix you better than in 605."
from some points of view, the clerk had never uttered a truer word.
itwas wholly impossible that he or curtis should guess how an apparentlyempty and really excellent apartment in the central hotel should befull to the ceiling that evening with that dynamite in human affairscalled chance.
if the slightest inkling of the forthcoming explosioncould have been vouchsafed to both men, there is no telling what curtismight have done, for he was a true adventurer, of the d'artagnan genus,but the clerk would certainly have used all his persuasiveness toinduce the guest to occupy some other part of the house.
in laterperiods of unruffled calm, he was wont to date from that moment thegenesis of gray hairs among his once raven-hued locks.
but chance, like dynamite, not only gives no warning of its explosiveproperties but resembles that agent of disruption in following acuriously wayward path.
curtis was piloted into an elevator by anaffable negro, was conducted to 605, which, of course, lay on the sixthfloor, and was plunged forthwith into the prosaic business ofconsigning a good deal of soiled linen to the laundry.
the room was insufferably hot, so he directed the negro attendant toshut off the radiator, and himself threw open the window.
glancingout, he discovered that he was located in a corner which commanded adistant glimpse of broadway.
directly before his eyes, in the topmoststory of a comparatively low building, a lady who had forgotten to drawthe blinds of her flat was apparently indulging in calisthenicexercises, so curtis, being a modest man, drew the blind in his ownroom, and busied himself with a partial unpacking of his baggage.
thedoor faced the bed, at a distance of some six feet.
a wardrobeoccupied the recess, and the negro, while unstrapping a steel trunk atthe foot of the bed, balanced the bag of golf clubs against the frontof the wardrobe--an action simple enough in itself, but comparable inits after effects to the setting of a clock attached to a bomb.
soon afterwards, curtis dismissed the man, and noticed casually thatthe opening of the door caused a pleasant draught of cool air.
hewrote a few letters, dressed, electing for a tuxedo and black tie,filled a cigar-case, donned a green homburg hat, threw an overcoat overhis left arm, picked up the letters, extinguished the lights, and wentout.
again there came that rush of air from the window, and, just asthe lock snapped, a crash from the interior announced the falling ofthe golf clubs, probably owing to a swaying of the wardrobe door.
simultaneously, curtis realized that he had left the key on thedressing-table.
it was hardly worth while searching the floor for a chamber-maid: hedecided to inform the civil-spoken clerk, and have the key brought tothe office, at which sapient resolve puck, who was surely abroad in newyork that night, must have chuckled delightedly.
unhappily, there wereother spirits brooding in the city, spirits before whose deathly scowlsthe prime mischief-maker would have fled in terror, and curtis, allunwitting, brushed against one of them in the hall.
his onlyacquaintance, the clerk, was momentarily absent, so he turned to abookstall and cigar counter, and bought some stamps.
a man who hadbeen seated in a sort of café, which the news-stand and a flower-stallpartially screened from the main hall, rose hurriedly when he sawcurtis, and purchased a cigar.
in doing so, he touched the young man'sshoulder, and said: "pardon!"
curtis turned, and looked into the singularly unprepossessing face of aswarthy foreigner, a powerfully-built, ungainly person of about his ownage.
"that's all right," said he, licking a stamp.
"i jostled you by accident, monsieur," said the other, in correctfrench, though with a quaint accent which curtis, himself no meanlinguist, put down to a polish or czech nationality.
"_ca ne fait rien_," he replied civilly, and the stamping of theletters being completed, he took them to the letter-box.
the stranger, who seemed to be rather puzzled, if somewhat reassured,dawdled over the lighting of the cigar, and watched curtis enter thedining-room.
then he went back to his chair in the café.
so much, andno more, did the youth in charge of the counter observe--not a greatdeal, but it went a long way before midnight.
a clock in the hall showed that the hour was five minutes to seven.
half hoping that devar might actually put in an appearance a littlelater, curtis gave his hat and coat to a negro, and decided to dine inthe hotel.
evidently, the place still retained its old-time repute asa family and commercial resort.
the family element was in evidence atsome of the tables, while, in the case of solitary diners, each mancould have been labeled pittsburg, chicago, or philadelphia, almostwithout error, by those acquainted with the industrial life of theunited states.
he ate well, if simply, and treated himself to a small bottle of anoted champagne.
at half-past seven, meaning to give devar tenminutes' grace, he ordered coffee and a glass of green chartreuse.
asa time-killer, there is no liqueur more potent, but, regarded in thelight of subsequent occurrences, it would be hard to say exactly howfar the cunning monkish decoction helped in determining his waywardactions.
undoubtedly, some fantastic influence carried him beyondthose bounds of calm self-possession within which everyone who knewjohn delancy curtis would have expected to find him.
his subsequentlight-headedness, his placid acceptance of a mad romance as the onething that was inevitable, his ready yielding to impulse, his no lessstubborn refusal to return to the beaten path of common sense--theseunlikely traits in a character gifted with the new england dourness ofpurpose can only be explained, if at all, as arising from someunsuspected hereditary streak of knight-errantry brought into suddenand exotic life by the good wines of france.
be that as it may, at twenty minutes to eight he paid what he owed,lighted a cigar, donned his hat, and, still carrying the overcoat, waswalking to the office to leave word about the key, when his attentionwas attracted by the peculiar behavior of the man who had pushedagainst him at the cigar counter.
this person, apparently obeying a signal from another man of his owntype who had just emerged from the elevator, hastened from the café,and the two ran to the door.
now, the weather had been mild during theafternoon, and the revolving shutters of the doorway were folded backto allow of the overheated hall being cooled.
a porter stood there,and it was ascertained afterwards that, noticing a certain air offlurry and confusion about the foreigners, he asked if they wanted ataxi.
they gave no heed, but continued to gaze up and down the street,as though they awaited someone.
equally did they seem to expect, ordread, an apparition from the hotel.
it would have been hard to pickout, at that instant, two persons more singularly ill at ease in allnew york.
curtis saw that the clerk, now at his desk, was engaged with a lady, sohe strolled to the door, being rather interested in the excited anticsof the pair on the sidewalk.
he had just passed through the door whenan automobile dashed up, and he fancied, though he could not be quitesure in the half-light, that the chauffeur nodded to the waiting men.
the porter opened the door of the automobile, and a young man inevening dress, and carrying an overcoat, leaped out.
obviously, he wasin a desperate hurry, and curtis heard him say in french:"don't stop the engine, anatole.
i shall be but one moment."
at that instant the two foreigners sprang at him.
one, swinging theporter off his feet, seized the newcomer's right arm, and, helped byhis comrade, endeavored to force him back into the vehicle.
the effortfailed, however, so the second desperado drew a knife and plunged itdeliberately into the unfortunate man's neck.
it was a fearsomestroke, intended both to silence and to kill, and, with a gurgling cry,its victim collapsed in the grip of his assailants.
curtis, though almost stupefied by the suddenness of the crime, did nothesitate a second when he caught the venomous gleam of the knife.
throwing aside his coat, he rushed forward, but he had to cross thewhole width of the pavement, and the murderers, realizing that thecapture of one or both was imminent, thrust the inert body in his way.
the chauffeur, who must have seen all that happened, had alreadystarted the car, the two men scrambled into it, and all that curtiscould do was to run after it and shout frantically to the driver of ataxi coming in the opposite direction to turn his vehicle and block theroadway.
the man understood, but was naturally slow to risk a sharp collisionmerely at the order of an excited gentleman in evening dress.
hestopped quickly enough, but, by the time his help was available,pursuit was hopeless; the one thing curtis could do he had done--whilerunning up the street he had deciphered the number of the car, x24-305.
before curtis rejoined the dazed hall-porter a small crowd hadgathered, and it was difficult to get near the body lying on the curb.
a man picked up an overcoat, and curtis, cool and clear-headed now,took it, and appealed to him, if he knew where the nearest doctorlived, to run thither at top speed.
the man obeyed him instantly.
"meanwhile, let me see to the poor fellow," he said.
"i am not adoctor, but i know enough about wounds to say whether those scoundrelshave killed him or not."
the throng yielded to an authoritative voice, and some of the moresensible bystanders formed a ring, thus securing a semblance of lightand air around the prostrate man.
curtis struck a match, and it neededno second glance to learn that the stranger's lung had been pierced byan almost vertical thrust; indeed, he was already dying.
the poorlips, from which blood and froth were bubbling, strove vainly toarticulate words which, in the prevalent hubbub of alarm andexcitement, it was impossible to distinguish.
a policeman came, and,as a traffic station for the precinct happened to lie within a coupleof doors, the moribund form was carried in, and placed on a stretcherkept there for use in emergency.
a doctor was soon on the spot, but he arrived just in time to recordthe last flicker of life in the tortured eyes.
then, as one in adream, curtis gave the policeman the details of the crime, the name ofthe chauffeur, and the number of the car, his testimony being borne outto some extent by the hall-porter, and, so far as the car wasconcerned, by the sharp-eyed driver of the taxi.
his own name andaddress were taken, and a police captain and a couple of detectives,called to the scene by telephone, thanked him for his alertness insecuring valuable clews, not only in regard to the car and chauffeurbut also in describing the features, figure, and dress of one of thecriminals.
finally, he was warned to hold himself in readiness to attend theopening of an inquest on the following morning, and the policeintimated that they did not desire the presence of witnesses while thedead man's clothing was being scrutinized.
so curtis went out into the street, and, with no other purpose than toavoid the publicity and questioning of the crowd gathered in and aroundthe hotel, sauntered into broadway.
at the corner he halted for amoment to put on the overcoat.
he had gone some few yards up thebrilliantly illuminated thoroughfare when he fancied that his nervoussystem needed the tonic of a cigar, and he searched in the pockets ofthe overcoat for a box of matches he had placed there before leavinghis bedroom.
the box had gone, but in the right-hand pocket hisfingers closed on a long, narrow envelope, made of stiff linen paper,which somehow seemed unfamiliar.
he drew it out, and examined it,standing in front of a well-lighted shop window.
then he whistled with sheer amazement, as well he might.
the envelopeheld a marriage license for two people named jean de courtois andhermione beauregard grandison.
in a word, he was wearing thedead man's overcoat, and the fearsome conviction leaped to his brainthat the dead man must be jean de courtois.
from one aspect, curtis's sense of dread and horror was merelyaltruistic, the natural welling forth of the springs of humansentiment.
if the man now lying stark and lifeless in that drearyofficial bureau had in truth been hurrying on his way to a marriagefeast, then, indeed, tragedy had assumed its grimmest aspect that nightin new york.
but, beyond an enforced personal contact with a ghastlycrime, curtis had no vital interest in its victim, and it should haveoccurred to him, as a law-abiding citizen, that his instant duty was tocommunicate this new discovery to the authorities.
nay more, suchdefinite information would help the police materially in their pursuitof the murderers.
it might lay bare a motive, put the bloodhounds ofthe law on a well-marked trail, and render impossible the escape of theguilty ones.
that was the sane, level-headed, man-of-the-world view, and, to oneinured to deeds of violence in a land where the foreign devil oft-timeholds his life as scarce worth an hour's purchase, no other solution ofthe problem should have presented itself.
but, for all his strength ofcharacter, curtis had been breathing an intoxicating atmosphere eversince he set foot on american soil.
his home-coming had begun byproducing in his soul a subtle exaltation which had survived aconspiracy of repression.
devar's careless acceptance of the city'sgrandeur had jarred; the exuberance of the joyous throng on the jettyhad touched dormant chords of sad memories; even at the very portals ofthe hotel the building's newness had struck a bizarre note; and now, asthough to emphasize the vile crime of which he had been an involuntarywitness, came the stifling knowledge that somewhere in new york anexpectant bride was chafing at delay--a delay caused by an assassin'sdagger, while there was not lacking even the tormenting suspicion thatsomehow, had he been more wide-awake, he could have prevented thatmalignant thrust.
yet, his head remained in the clouds.
in common with most men whoselot is cast in climes far removed from civilization, curtis worshipedan ideal of womanhood which was rather that of a poet than of theblasé, cynical town-dweller.
he had seen death too often to be shockedby its harsh visage, and, perhaps in protest against the idle beliefthat the crime was preventable, his sympathies were absorbed now by thevision of some fair girl waiting vainly for the bridegroom who wouldnever come.
his analytical mind fastened instantly on the theory thatmurder had been done to prevent a marriage.
he took it for grantedthat the jean de courtois of the marriage certificate was dead, and hisheart grieved for the hapless young woman whose aristocratic name wasblazoned on that same document.
so, instead of retracing his steps,and warning the officers of the law, he bent his brows over thecertificate, and, in acting thus, unconsciously committed himself to asfantastic a course as ever was followed by mortal man.
it is only fair to urge that had he known the truth, had the veil beenlifted ever so slightly on other happenings in the central hotel thatnight, he would not have hesitated a moment about returning to theconclave of policemen and detectives.
he acted impulsively, absurdly,almost insanely, it may be held, but he did honestly act in good faith,and that is the best and the worst that can be said of him, or for him.
and now to peer over his shoulder at the printed form and its writteninterlineations, which he was perusing with anxious, thoughtful eyes.
it was headed "state of new york, county of new york, city of newyork," and bade all men know that any person authorized by law toperform marriage ceremonies within the state was thereby "authorizedand empowered to solemnize the rites of matrimony between jean decourtois, a citizen of the french republic, now residing in the centralhotel, west 27th street, new york, and hermione beauregard grandison, acitizen of great britain, now residing at 1000 west 59th street, newyork."
it had been issued that very day, november 8th.
annexed to the licensewas the actual marriage certificate, with blanks for names and dates,to be filled in by the person performing the ceremony.
a set ofprinted rules, reciting various duties, legal obligations, andpenalties for infringing the same, was also inclosed; but curtis was inno mood to master the provisions of "an act to amend the domesticrelations law, by providing for marriage licenses," for they mustperforce be silent on the one topic wherein he needed guidance--thecourse to be pursued in the circumstances now facing him.
his thoughts were focussed on the name and address of the girl who hadbeen so cruelly, so wantonly, bereft of her lover, and it seemed to himboth fitting and charitable that someone other than a police sergeantor detective should interpose between the grim tragedy of 27th streetand the even more poignant horror which was fated to descend on somehouse in 59th street.
apparently, fate had decreed that he should bethe messenger charged with this sad errand, and, with a singulardisregard of consequences, he accepted the mandate.
he did not act blindly.
when all was said and done, the certificatehad come into his possession by unavoidable chance.
at the haplessbride's residence he would surely be able to meet someone who couldaccompany him to the police office, and give the details needed for asuccessful chase.
indeed, he argued that he was saving valuable timeby his prompt action, and, reviewing the whole of the facts while beingcarried swiftly up broadway in a taxi, he found, at first, no flaw inhis judgment.
though busy in mind with the extraordinary events of the past quarterof an hour, his alert eyes missed few features of the abounding life ofthe great white way.
as it happened, a stranger in new york could nothave entered the city's main thoroughfare at any point bettercalculated to bewilder and astound than the very corner where curtishad picked up the cab.
on both sides, from the level of the street toa height often measurable in hundreds of feet, nearly every buildingblazed with electric signs.
many of the devices seemed to be alive.
horses galloped, either in roman stadium or modern polo-ground; agirl's skirts were fluttered by a rain-storm; a giant's hand, withunerring skill, bowled a ball at ten-pins in a bowling alley; the namesof theaters, of hotels, of drugs, of patent foods, of every knownvariety of caterer for human needs and amusements, flickered, andwinked, and stared, at the passer-by from ground floor to attic--whileeach and all--horses, skirts, rain-drops, hand, ball, pins, andnames--glowed in every known shade of color from every known form ofelectric lamp.
the glare of this advertisers' paradise was so overpowering that eventhe marvel-surfeited citizens who crowded the sidewalks would gather indense groups at a corner, thence to watch and take in the dazzlingsignificance of some sign new to their vision.
curtis noticed manysuch assemblies before the taxi sped out of the magic area which endsat 42nd street; but it was all novel to him; he could not discuss thecontrast between last week's glorification of somebody's pickles andto-night's triumph of everybody's whisky, and he was almost bemused bythe display, which provided such a bizarre anti-climax to the terribledrama he had just witnessed.
it was a positive relief, therefore, when the vehicle bowled swiftlyinto a quiet cross street, and he was vouchsafed only fleeting glimpsesof broad avenues where fresh multitudes of lamps again bade defiance tothe night.
in one place, an illuminated dial showed that the hour was eighto'clock, and the curiously simple fact of noting the time roused him toa perception of all that had happened since he strolled out of thedining-room of the central hotel.
he smiled dourly when he rememberedthe mislaid key.
did it still repose in the bedroom?
or had ahousemaid found it, and restored it to a numbered hook in the office?
had not that immaculately dressed clerk said he would find number 605"a comfortable, quiet room"?
well, it might be all that, yet curtiscould hardly help dwelling on the thought that had he been put in anyother cell of the human beehive called the central hotel it was highlyprobable he would not now be flying across new york on a self-imposedmission so nebulous, so ill-defined, that already his orderly brain wasbeginning to doubt the logic which inspired it.
was it too late to draw back?
to this handy automobile city distanceswere negligible quantities, and he would rejoin the detectives beforethey could have any reason to suspect him even of carelessness inwithholding from their ken the new and important fact revealed by theaccidental change of overcoats.
and, yes--by jove!--it would be assumed that _his_ overcoat was thedead man's, though, indeed, certain papers in the pockets would soonshow that there was a blunder somewhere, because the john d. curtismentioned therein necessarily figured as the chief witness in the casenow being worked up against three unknown malefactors.
oddly enough,it was contemporaneous with this thought that the queer similarity ofhis own name to that of the unfortunate frenchman first dawned on him.
john d. curtis and jean de courtois were, as names, particularly as thenames of two men of different nationalities, sufficiently alike toinvite comment.
well, that being so, there was all the more reason whythe identity of poor jean de courtois should be established beyonddoubt, and this reflection appealed so strongly that, when the cabstopped, curtis was once more reconciled to the policy hurriedlyarrived at while he was standing at the corner of broadway and 27thstreet.
he opened the door, alighted, glanced up at a rather imposing block offlats, and said to the driver:"is this 1000 west 59th street?"
quite a bunch of people live here," was the answer.
"i take it, then, that the lady i wish to see occupies one of theflats?"
the driver smiled broadly, for it seemed to him that the naïvestatement sounded rather funny.
"i guess that's about the size of it," he said.
curtis smiled, too.
this needless blurting out of confidences to acabman was the one folly essential to a complete restoration of hiswits.
"wait for me," he said.
"i may be only a minute or two, and i shallwant you to take me right back to the point i came from."
the man nodded, and turned to set the time index of the taximeter.
afew steps led up to a spacious doorway, and curtis passed through arevolving door.
halfway along a well-lighted passage he saw anelevator sign, and found an attendant sitting there.
"i believe that miss grandison lives here?"
"second floor--number 10--take you up?"
was the time-saving reply.
"yes, but i am not anxious to see miss grandison herself.
i wouldprefer to speak to some male relative."
the attendant looked puzzled; perhaps he was wishful to make smooth theway for a visitor who was obviously a gentleman, but the problemoffered by curtis's request presented difficulties, and he fell back onhis official instructions.
"sorry, but you must explain matters to the maid at number 10," hesaid, quite civilly, and curtis was soon pressing an electric bell atthe door of the flat itself.
a neatly dressed girl appeared.
her out-of-doors costume suggestedthat she was either just going out or just returned, and curtis,unaccustomed to the domestic problem as it exists in new york, fanciedthat she ranked above the level of a house-maid.
"is miss grandison in?"
"i'll inquire, sir.
what name shall i say?"
it was a noncommittal answer, so he changed ground in the next question.
"i would prefer not to meet miss grandison herself if it is in any waypossible to interview a relative of hers, or a friend," he said.
this colorless statement, intended to be reassuring, seemed to havesuch an alarming effect on the girl that he hastened to add:"i am here with reference to monsieur jean de courtois."
his hearer smiled, and her manner changed from fright to friendliness.
indeed, if he had not been so wrapped up in the highly disagreeabletask which lay before him, he could hardly have failed to notice thatshe welcomed, rather than resented, the visit of a smart looking youngman to the establishment.
"oh, come in, do," she said, glancing up at him with demure but verybright eyes.
"why didn't you say at once that you had been sent by mr.de courtois, without trying to scare me stiff by talking aboutrelatives?"
he obeyed, and he closed the door.
"i really meant what i said," he persisted.
"something has happened toprevent monsieur de courtois coming here this evening----""not coming!
then there will be no wedding!"
her voice was subdued, but she put such distress, such perplexity, intoher words that at any other time curtis would have marveled at thegamut of emotion which the feminine temperament was capable of.
still,he had to risk even a mild display of hysteria, so he went on quietly:"you will understand now why i would rather meet some person other thanmiss grandison."
"but who is there to meet?
she is alone.
i do believe i am the onlyliving being she knows in new york, except mr. de courtois.
whycan't he come?
what is keeping him?
has he met with anaccident?
oh, i can see by your face that he is hurt--or he hasbeen kidnapped!
yes, that's it, for sure!
and that dear young ladywill be trapped like a bird in a cage!
here is someone come to tell you that mr. de courtois hasbeen spirited away.
oh dear, to think that this should be theend of all our planning and contriving!"
during this crescendo of excited and scarcely intelligible utterancesthe girl had first backed away from curtis, and then turned, running toopen, without knocking, a door on the right of the extreme end of acorridor which divided the suite into two sections.
curtis did not attempt to stop her.
whatsoever the outcome, he wascommitted now to an undertaking from which there was no retreat.
hehalf expected that the maid, whose disjointed outburst betokened, atleast, that she was her mistress's trusted confidante, would reappearfrom the room into which she had vanished.
but he was mistaken, doublymistaken, since the mental picture he had formed of hermione beauregardgrandison was utterly falsified by the slight, elegant, girlish figurewhich presented itself before his astonished eyes.
somehow, thosesuperfine christian names and that aristocratic surname had preparedhim for a rather magnificent person, young, probably, because the deadman might be of his own age within a year, but decidedly impressive.
he had gone so far as to imagine her an actress, of the sinuous,well-rounded type, who would address him in a deep contralto, and, ifand when she fainted, would sink gracefully on to a couch correctlyplaced for scenic effect.
the reality took his breath away.
he saw a girl, not a day older than twenty, dressed in a simple costumeof brown cloth, and wearing a hat, veil, and gloves of harmonizingtints.
the veil had been hurriedly lifted above the brim of the hat,and a pair of what seemed to be intensely dark violet eyes gazed at himfrom a small-featured, pallid face from which every vestige of colorhad fled.
"is this thing true?"
she said, halting timidly within a few feet ofhim.
"perhaps marcelle has misunderstood you.
who sent you?--monsieurde courtois himself, i suppose?"
her voice, so wistful, so pleading, perfect in cadence yet almostchildlike in its evident anxiety to be reassured, reached uncharteddepths in his soul.
at once he began to ask himself why this mere girlshould be exposed to the impish trick which fate had played on her,and, in the same breath, he was conscious of a fierce anger against theghouls who had contrived it.
"are you miss grandison?"
he asked, rather to gain time than because ofany doubt as to her personality.
"my name is curtis--john d. curtis.
i only landed in new york threehours ago."
he added the explanatory sentence in order to clear the ground, as itwere, for the strange and horrible story he had to tell, but its effectwas curious in the extreme.
the girl's white face blanched to that wanhue which personal fear lends to distress.
"where have you come from?"
i have been traveling without pause during the past eight weeks."
by this time he had ascertained two certain facts about hermionebeauregard grandison.
in the first place, she was the prettiest andmost graceful creature he had ever met; in the second, she had all thehall-marks of good breeding and high social caste.
his brain was sobusy over these discoveries that he disregarded the really remarkableway in which the object of his visit had been shelved for the moment.
it might reasonably be expected that the disconsolate lady would beconcerned mainly as to the fate of the missing bridegroom, but themistress evidently shared the maid's disquietude about curtis himself.
and, precisely as in the case of marcelle, miss grandison's face showedrelief when it became manifest that he was a complete stranger.
"pray forgive me for questioning you in this manner," she said, with arapid reversion to a conventional air that disconcerted her hearer in away she little imagined.
"will you come in here, and be seated?
now, please tell me just why you have called, mr.
she had preceded him into a prettily furnished dining-room, and thenotion leaped up in his troubled mind that she was not so deeply movedby the malfortune of monsieur jean de courtois as might be expectedfrom the man's prospective bride.
still, he tried bravely to accommodate himself to conditions which lefthis brain in a whirl.
"i had better begin by saying that your marriage cannot takeplace--to-night----" he added, flinching from the necessity of bringingthat look of dismay into those charming eyes.
"that is why i askedyour maid if there was no other person whom i could take into myconfidence.
you see, it is a terribly hard thing to be compelled todiscuss such a matter with one so closely bound up with--with monsieurde courtois."
"but there is no one else.
marcelle and i live here quite alone."
more than ever did curtis feel uncomfortable, but he had deliberatelyelected for this miserable job, and he meant to go through with it.
"so i gathered from mademoiselle marcelle herself," he said.
"well,then, miss grandison, i have no option but to inform you, with all thesympathy any man must feel for a woman in your position, that monsieurde courtois has met with an accident."
"oh, how terrible!
is he badly hurt?"
"yet it may be possible for the ceremony to be performed.
monsieur decourtois has proved himself such a true friend, he has always been soanxious to help me, that i am sure he would be glad if i brought theminister to the hospital, or to his apartments in the hotel if he hasbeen taken there, and the marriage would be solemnized without causinghim the slightest inconvenience or worry, no matter how ill he may be,so long as he is conscious."
curtis thought he had never before heard the english language twistedinto such enigmas as these few simple words presented.
it was anoutrage to credit this well-mannered and delightful girl with thecold-blooded callousness which seemed to reveal itself in everysyllable.
that she was blithely unaware of this element in her excitedutterances was shown by her eager face and animated attitude.
she hadrisen from the chair in which she had seated herself when they enteredthe room, and obviously expected him to lose no time in conducting herto the bedside of jean de courtois.
"pray sit down again, miss grandison," said curtis, and his voiceassumed a sterner, more commanding note, though he, too, stood up, andapproached nearer, lest she might collapse in a faint and fall beforehe could save her.
"i fear i have blundered woefully in assuming arole for which i am ill-fitted, but i must make you realize somehowthat your marriage is irrevocably--postponed."
a slight color tinged her cheeks; she was actually becoming annoyedwith him!
"i will tell you when you are seated."
one can hear as well standing."
nevertheless, she obeyed.
people generally did obey when curtis spokein that insistent manner.
now he was quite near her, and his tone grew gentle again.
"the accident from which monsieur de courtois suffered was fatal," hesaid.
she looked at him, wide-eyed, alarmed, but assuredly not with thesoul-sickened terror of a woman who loves when she hears that her loveris dead.
"do you mean that he has been killed?"
"oh, poor fellow.
i have lost my only friend, and now, indeed, i amthe most wretched girl in all the world."
flinging her clasped arms on the table, she hid her face in them, andsobbed as though her heart would break.
curtis placed a hand on hershoulder, and strove to calm her with such commonplace phrases as hisdazed brain could dictate, but she wept bitterly, just as a child mightweep if disappointed about the non-fulfillment of some object on whichits heart was set.
"it sounds horrid--i know--" she murmured brokenly, "that ishould--seem to be thinking--only of myself.
but--monsieur decourtois--was the one man--who could save me.
now--i don't know--whatwill become of me.
how cruel is fate!
if only--we could have beenmarried yesterday--perhaps this dreadful thing would not have happened."
curtis, who had never been so mystified in his life, followed up thoselast disjointed words as a man lost in a forest might cling to a pathin the certainty that it would lead somewhere.
he rejected all else,since the wild vagaries of events during the past few minutes werebeyond his comprehension.
he waited, therefore, until the vehemence ofher grief had somewhat subsided, and then, with another friendlypressure on her shoulder, he spoke with as much firmness as he thoughtthe situation demanded.
"now, miss grandison, you must endeavor to regain self-control," hesaid.
"monsieur de courtois has been killed, and your--your friendshipfor him--no less than the interests of justice--demand that thoseresponsible for his death should be discovered and punished."
at that, she raised her head, and lifted her swimming eyes to his, andcurtis saw that they were blue, not violet, and that their hue changedas the light irradiated their profound depths.
"he met with no accident, then, but was murdered?"
"and for my sake?"
"i gather from what you have said that that is possible."
"but what have i said?"
"well, you seemed to hint that your marriage might have prevented thiscrime."
no more exasperating monosyllable can fall from a woman's lips thanthat one word "why," and curtis felt its full force then and there.
"that is what i am asking you," he said, a trifle brusquely.
"but how can i tell you?"
"i am only striving vainly to pierce the fog which seems to envelop us.
let me begin again.
i, a mere stranger in new york, just three hourslanded from the _lusitania_, witnessed a murderous attack on a youngman who was alighting from a cab in front of my hotel, the central, inwest 27th street.
i saw him stabbed so seriously that he died within acouple of minutes, and his assailants made off in an automobile, thevery vehicle, in fact, in which he arrived.
i managed to note itsnumber, and i gathered, from instructions the victim himself had given,that the chauffeur's christian name was anatole.
the two men whoactually committed the murder--though the chauffeur was in league withthem--seemed to me to be czechs or hungarians----""ah, i thought so," broke in the girl.
"and now may i ask why you did think so?"
"i may tell you later, perhaps.
please forgive me.
i am quiteunnerved, and oh, so unhappy.
why have you come here?"
"that is due to one of those fantastic chances which occuroccasionally.
in the effort to save monsieur de courtois, or rather toseize his slayers, because i was too far away to interfere when theblow was struck, i dropped the overcoat i was carrying.
a crowdgathered, and someone gave me a coat which i took as my own.
it wasnot until i had quitted the police and doctor, who arrived almostimmediately, and i had gone into broadway to avoid the clamor in thehotel, that i discovered i was wearing the dead man's overcoat, and inone of the pockets i found a marriage license.
here it is.
by thatmeans i learnt your address, and i came here quickly, hoping to saveyou some of the agony which the appearance of a policeman or detectivewould have caused.
unfortunately, i have proved but a sorry substitutefor an official messenger."
"oh, no, no, mr. curtis.
you have been most kind, most considerate.
if anyone is to blame, it is i."
"will you pardon me, then, if i remind you that time is pressing?
evena half-hour gained to-night by the authorities may be invaluable.
ifyou are able to supply any clew, the least hint of motive, the mostshadowy of guesses at a personality behind this beastly crime, you willbe rendering a great service."
"please, please, give me time to think.
i am not heartless--indeed iam not.
if i could do anything to save monsieur de courtois'life i would make the sacrifice--you will believe that, won'tyou?
but he is dead, you say, and i might blurt out something inmy distress which would cause endless mischief.
perhaps i have thoughttoo much of my own troubles.
now i must begin to endure for the sakeof others.
that is the woman's lot in life, i fear.
have you awife or a sister, mr. curtis, or is there some woman whom you love?
for her sake, have pity on me, and do not drag me into the horriblearena of courts and newspapers."
her pleading, her attitude, her pathetic gestures, gave extraordinaryforce to an appeal which, by contrast with her extreme agitation, wasalmost grotesquely inconsequent.
curtis was at his wits' end to findthe line of reasoning calculated to convince this beautiful creaturethat she might, indeed, begin enduring "for the sake of others" byexpressing her determination to give the police all possible assistance.
"there is no urgency for a few minutes," was the best reply he couldframe on the spur of the moment.
"shall i leave you alone for a littlewhile?
perhaps you would like to consult your maid?
indeed, herservices might meet all the requirements of the case.
the police wouldbe the first to recognize that a woman who had lost her affiancedhusband under such terrible----""ah, but that is the wretched difficulty i am in.
poor monsieur decourtois was nothing to me."
"nothing to you!"
probably curtis's brain did not reel, but it assuredly felt likereeling, and it is quite certain that his eyes blazed down on thehalf-hysterical girl with an intensity that magnetized her into abroken excuse.
"it is--quite--true," she stammered, with the diffidence of a childexplaining some lapse which, it was hoped, might not be regarded as areal fault.
"i never dreamed of marriage--in the sense--that peoplemean--when they intend to live happily together.
monsieur decourtois was to be my husband--only in name.
i--i paid him forthat.
i--i gave him a thousand dollars--and--and----  don't lookat me in that way or i shall scream!
i have done nothingwrong.
i was trying to protect myself.
oh, if you are aman you will want to help me, rather than push me into the living tombwhich threatens to engulf me before to-morrow morning!"
even in their agitation, they both heard the jar of a bell.
the girlsprang upright.
there was something splendid in her courage, in theway she threw back her proud head and clenched her tiny hands.
"perhaps it is already too late!"
they stood in silence, listening to the footsteps of marcelle on theparquet floor of the passage.
the outer door was opened, and a murmurof voices reached them indistinctly.
"i have had the honor of knowing you not much longer than ten minutes,miss grandison," said curtis, and the strong, vibrant note in his voicemight well have won any woman's confidence, "but if you feel that youcan trust me, and my help is of value, please command me, that is, ifyour enemies are men."
she rewarded him with one swift look of gratitude.
"if it is my father, both you and i are powerless," she whispered.
"and the other would not dare come without him."
a discreet tap on the door heralded marcelle.
that sprightly youngperson, despite her parisian name, was unquestionably american in everyinch of her self-possessed neatness; she smiled at curtis while givinghim a message.
"the driver of your taxi has sent up the hall-porter to ask if you wishhim to wait any longer," she said.
not often, even in comedy, has the mountain heaved and brought forthsuch a ridiculous mouse.
curtis did actually laugh; even hisdistraught companion tittered in sheer nervous reaction.
"please tell him to wait, and not to worry about the fare," saidcurtis.
"i suppose," he added, turning to miss grandison, "the man putme down as a newcomer, and, taught by previous experience, thought itbest to warn me how the register mounts."
the effort to restore their rather strained relations to a sedate levelwas well meant, but the girl's downcast eyes and tremulous lipsrevealed a state of piteous uncertainty and confusion that was moredistressing to curtis than anything which had gone before.
nevertheless, reminding himself that precious time was being wasted, hedetermined to seek a full explanation of circumstances which at presentsavored of bedlam.
"now that the fears of the taxi-driver have been stilled," he saidcheerfully, "suppose you and i sit down and discuss matters likesensible people.
i am an american, miss grandison, and, although longan exile from my own country, i appreciate the national characteristicof plain speech.
let me explain that i am not married, that i have noties which prevent free action on my part, and that nothing on earthwill stop me from helping a woman who pins her faith to me.
with thatpreamble, as the lawyers say, i purpose taking off this heavy overcoat,and listening in comfort to anything you may wish to tell.
or, if youare afraid of being disturbed, what do you say if we go to somerestaurant, where, perhaps, we may eat, and, at any rate, talk withoutfear of interference?"
"i think we had better remain here," said the girl sadly, though it wasplain that curtis's offer of protection during the alarm created by thehall-porter's errand had advanced him a long way in her esteem.
"thereare only two persons living who dare pretend to exercise control overmy actions, and if they have arrived in new york this evening i havegood reason to believe that i cannot escape them."
"are they coming here from europe?"
asked curtis quickly, for hisactive mind was already groping toward certain dimly definedconclusions.
"could they have been fellow-passengers of mine on the _lusitania_?"
"no, they are on board the _switzerland_."
he smiled, and discarded that fateful overcoat.
"then set your mind at rest," he said, with the nonchalance of a manwho has shelved a major difficulty.
"the _switzerland_ has brokendown.
we passed her early to-day.
she is staggering into port withengines partly disabled and she cannot possibly reach new york beforeto-morrow morning."
"are you quite sure?"
came the eager demand.
"well, there is nothing so uncertain as the sea but a young friend ofmine said that those facts were signaled by wireless, and, to someextent, they governed his own movements.
i myself can assure you thatthe _switzerland_ was limping along like a lame duck at 8 a.m.
"ah, thank heaven for that small mercy!"
murmured the girl.
for a fewseconds she busied herself with gloves, veil, and hat-pins, and curtishappened to glance at the overcoat, which he had placed over the backof a chair.
to his dismay, he noticed that one of the sleeves, theleft, was bespattered with blood, but he contrived to refold thegarment so as to conceal this grewsome record of a tragedy before hishostess had divested herself of hat and gloves.
then they seemed to survey each other with a new interest, for curtiswas a good figure of a man in evening dress, and hermione grandisonbecame, if possible, more attractive to the male eye because of thewealth of brown hair which crowned her smooth forehead, almost hid hertiny ears, and clustered low at the back of her slender, well-shapedneck.
where the rays of light caught the coiled tresses they had thesheen of burnished gold.
in the shadow they commingled thosevoluptuous tints by which the magic of rubens has immortalized one fairwoman, isabella brant, in every gallery of note throughout the world.
hermione it was, now, who first broke the silence which had reigned inthe room for a minute or more.
seating herself on the opposite side ofa square table, and resting her elbows thereon, she propped her prettychin on her small, clenched fists, and gazed fearlessly at curtis.
"you must think me a very extraordinary person," she began.
"let that pass," said he, with a smile, wise in the knowledge that thepresent was no hour for compliments.
"but i am, and i know it, not because i differ so greatly from othergirls of my own age, but owing to the misery which has been my portion.
the one man in the world who should wish to secure my happiness hasbecome my persecutor.
i am here to-night because i have run away frommy father, and i have used every lawful means to get married--underconditions framed by myself, of course--in order to escape from ahateful marriage which he has planned."
she hesitated, for a reflective frown was deepening on curtis's face.
"now you recognize my name!"
"have you seen anything aboutme in the newspapers?"
"you are lady hermione grandison?"
he said, meeting her watchful eyesfrankly.
"daughter of the earl of valletort?"
"and about a month ago you were reported missing from some apartment inthe rue de rivoli, on the eve of your marriage with--with somehungarian prince?"
"yes, count ladislas vassilan."
"so you came here--with monsieur jean de courtois?"
"i brought him here, and paid him for his services.
i have no desireto minimize his friendly aid, but i was buying the security of his nameas my husband, and he had given me his guarantee that, when it suitedmy purposes, he would help me to dissolve the marriage."
curtis disregarded a perceptible coldness in her tone.
he was too busysweeping away the mists.
"what sort of guarantee?"
"his promise, his word of honor."
"was he--a gentleman?"
"not socially, but in every other sense.
he was my music-master inparis."
curtis put his next question hurriedly.
he was anxious to avoid theleast suspicion on the girl's part that he might be crediting jean decourtois with motives which would not pass muster before a jury ofcool-headed men so readily as they seemed to have satisfied animpetuous and frightened girl.
"how did your father ascertain that you were in new york?"
"oh, it seems that a certain period of residence was necessary before amarriage license could be obtained, and it was unavoidable that my nameshould be found out by those whom he hired to track me."
"but why were you not married under an assumed name?"
"monsieur de courtois assured me that such a thing would render themarriage invalid."
"he was wrong," said curtis dryly.
"it subjected you to some smalllegal penalty, but you would be just as effectually married if youcalled yourself jane smith."
"i really think you are mistaken.
monsieur de courtois made the mostexhaustive inquiries."
"were you not leaving the ceremony to the latest possible hour?"
wenton curtis, divided now between the fear of shocking her and theparamount importance of learning the truth about the curiouslyscrupulous jean de courtois.
"we were to have been married two days ago, but the license was stolen."
"so it is rather by accident than otherwise that lord valletort andcount vassilan, who, i take it, is with your father on board the_switzerland_, have not arrived in time to prevent the marriage--thatis, if they were able to prevent it?"
"no, i think not.
poor monsieur de courtois was here this afternoon,and he was jubilant because we had plenty of time, provided we weremarried this evening."
"where was the ceremony to take place?"
"i--i don't know.
i left everything in the hands of monsieur decourtois."
a very real and active doubt of the frenchman's good faith wasbeginning to peep up in curtis's mind.
rather to account for thethoughtful lines on his forehead than for any reason connected with thelicense, he took that document from the table, where it had lain sincehe produced it, and affected to examine it judiciously.
therefore, hewas really surprised when he found an endorsement on the back whichread;--"issued in duplicate.
this license is not available if theoriginal has been used."
he said, and the monosyllable might mean much or little.
"what have you discovered there?"
said the girl, rising and comingnearer, to stoop over the table and scrutinize the paper with him.
"the original license certainly seems to have disappeared," saidcurtis, who had suddenly become aware that the propinquity of acharming woman was one of the subtle joys of life.
sighed lady hermione, straightening her supple form, andturning slightly aside.
there was a little pause.
curtis, whose enunciation was usuallydistinguished by its ease and clearness, found some slight difficultyin resuming the conversation.
he resolved firmly that, in future, hewould eschew liqueurs after champagne.
"i hate to act the role of inquisitor, lady hermione," he said, ratherhuskily as to the first few words, "but would you mind telling me whyyou are so opposed to count ladislas vassilan as a husband?"
"first, because i do not want to marry any man; secondly, because countvassilan is a vile person, both in appearance and repute; and thirdly,because my father is only urging this match to serve his own ends.
ourunhappy history is so widely known that there is no harm in telling youthat my mother and he were separated during many years, and when mammadied three years ago she left all her money to me, absolutely under mycontrol.
i was young, only seventeen, but i managed to retain it,though goodness only knows how, and this horrid hungarian prince wantsit--to help him to regain a throne, he says--but i don't believe him."
"you could not be forced into matrimony," said curtis, with a slowgravity that was lost on his dejected hearer.
"you cannot have lived in france, or you would not say that," was thebitter answer.
"everyone, everything, was opposed to me.
i was aminor, and one against many.
the laws seemed to conspire with myrelatives to force me into the power of a beast.
yes, it soundshorrid on my lips, but the man is really a beast," and she stamped anemphatic foot on the floor; curtis could see the white circles over thetiny knuckles as her hands clenched in protest.
they were such prettyhands, too.
he had often smiled at the notion of a man kissing awoman's hand, but it did not strike him now as a specially foolish act.
"let us forget him," he agreed.
"but how can i forget him?
he will be here to-morrow.
once my fatherand he have found me, what am i to do?
die, i suppose!
i wouldrather die than marry count vassilan, and again i would rather die thanfigure in a vulgar brawl, such as the newspapers would take a delightin.
my father is well aware of that, and will play on myweakness.
b-but--i may--be able--to defeat them--in another way."
curtis stood up.
the sound of her grief maddened him, and he threwprudence to the winds.
"the first reason you gave was the most convincing one, so far as youpersonally are concerned, lady hermione," he said, making the effort ofhis life to speak calmly.
"you said you did not want to marry any man."
"y-yes, it is true.
"still, there is only one way out of your trouble.
you must marryme--to-night."
the girl whirled round on him; her eyes were glistening with tears, buther face was radiant.
"do you really mean that?"
"then never let anyone tell me that the age of chivalry has passed."
"i fancy it has just begun," he said, though the jest nearly choked him.
"but why should you do this kind and gracious thing for a girl you havebeen acquainted with only a brief half-hour?
you see, i understandthat you are a gentleman--i realize that, although i have plenty ofmoney, i cannot offer to recompense you as i did that poor jean decourtois."
"no," he agreed grimly.
"don't you grasp what this one-sided bargain implies?
you are merelyto pose as my husband until count vassilan leaves me in peace?"
"and then we are to obtain a divorce?"
"you are, not i."
"isn't that a distinction without a difference?"
the fact remains that i shall agree to all your terms saveone--you, of course, can divorce me at your own pleasure.
theprocedure is simple in some states of the union."
for no obvious reason, lady hermione blushed.
for an instant, indeed,she was somewhat disconcerted, and the vivacity fled from her mobileface.
"perhaps, mr. curtis, i have no right to let you make this sacrifice,"she said, a trifle coldly.
"it would be different if i could repay youin some way.
surely, although you may be a wealthy man, there will beexpenses--you will, at least, lose a good deal of time, which you couldoccupy to better purpose?"
"i have given myself twelve months' respite from railway constructionin china.
i really don't see how i could pass a part of my holidaybetter than as your husband."
"in idle make-believe?"
"every decent man has the heart of a child, and make-believe is realityto some children."
"but, even though in my need i take you at your word, how can amarriage become possible?"
"here is the license.
for the purposes of the ceremony i become jeande courtois.
by singular chance, the change of name is not such awrench as it might be if i didn't happen to be called john d.
still she hesitated.
somehow, becoming mrs. john d. curtis impressedher as a far more serious undertaking than purchasing the right to poseas madame de courtois.
"we don't even know where to get married," she faltered.
"given a license and a comparatively small sum of money, new yorkabounds with facilities."
"are you sure the ceremony will be legal if you appear under a falsename?"
"can you be punished if it is found out?"
"i'll run the risk."
after a fateful pause, which would have been considerably curtailed hadlady hermione grandison been vouchsafed the least premonition of eventsin which the night was still rich, she held out her hand.
"i can only thank you from the depths of my heart, mr. curtis," shesaid.
"i must trust someone, and i do trust you most implicitly."
"you will never regret it, lady hermione," he said reverently.
hewondered whether or not this was an occasion on which hand-kissing waspermissible, but contented himself with returning the friendly pressureof the girl's fingers--retaining them, in fact, for a second or two.
"i have your word of honor that you will regard the ceremony as aformal compact between us two?"
she murmured, unaccountably shy, andseemingly half-afraid that he meant to clasp her in his arms then andthere.
"you have," he said, relinquishing her hand.
perhaps, at that instant,puck sighed, and wondered what would have happened had this husbandonly in name strained to his heart the bride whom he had vowed not toembrace.
but curtis did nothing of the sort.
his tone becameintensely practical and businesslike, and he glanced at his watch.
"it is half-past eight," he said.
"how soon will you be ready to comewith me and hunt up a minister?"
"now--i am ready now.
marcelle and i were waiting for--for thatunhappy monsieur de courtois when you arrived.
it sounds ratherdreadful, mr. curtis, to talk of marriage, even as a mere means ofcheating the law, at a moment when a man is already lying dead for mysake.
please don't consider me, but draw back, if you want to, beforeit is too late."
"my grandfather commanded the fifth cavalry during the civil war, ladyhermione."
"pray, how does that interesting fact affect us?"
"it is well-known that the fifth never retreat, and the habit hasbecome a family tradition."
he pocketed the license, and picked up the overcoat, meaning to put iton in the hall while her ladyship was rearranging her hat.
butmarcelle was waiting there, hatted, and gloved.
"have you fixed things?"
she whispered breathlessly.
"we have," said curtis.
but i guessed it.
nobody can resist her, can they?"
"i didn't try," said curtis, wriggling into the coat sideways.
she has had a time.
what a piece of luck i met her theday she landed."
curtis had no opportunity to inquire just what marcelle meant, for ladyhermione had joined them.
sedulously keeping that tell-tale sleeve outof sight, curtis took the lead, and opened the door, which marcelleclosed and locked.
while they were waiting for the elevator, curtis fathomed marcelle'sstock of information as to the addresses of neighboring ministers ofthe protestant episcopal church.
it was nil.
he appealed to theattendant when the elevator came up, but that worthy thoughtfullytickled his scalp under his cap, and suggested a consultation with thetaxi-driver.
indeed, to further the quest, he went with them to thedoor, and, while lady hermione and marcelle seated themselves in thecab, the three men discussed the religious problem on the sidewalk.
"ministers don't use taxis much in n' york, sir," commented the driver.
"fact is, they mostly can't afford 'em, but i do happen to know whereone old gentleman lives, an' he's sure to be home, because he'scrippled something cruel with the rheumatiz."
"is it far?"
"three blocks away, in 56th street, near seventh avenue.
lives nextdoor to the church, he does."
"take us there," and curtis entered the vehicle, which whirled out ofsight in the peculiarly downright fashion of the automobile.
the elevator man looked after it, and tickled another section of hisscalp.
"i'd a notion she was going to marry that frenchman," he said tohimself.
"of course, it's her business, an' not mine, but of the twoi'd take a chance with this new fellar.
an' it's odd, too, that theyshouldn't know where to go, unless they mean to pick up froggy on theroad.
well, wimmen is queer creetures, they are, sure, an' the englishones are just as queer as the americans.
not that miss grandison ain'ta peach wherever she comes from, an' i hope she'll be happy, night an'day till the time comes when she don't care if it snows."
he glanced up at the sky, rolled a cigarette, and, before returningindoors, sniffed a keen wind which was rustling the last crisp leavesin central park.
the street was quiet, and no one was stirring in themansion.
"i'm not likely to be wanted for another minnit or two," he said, "soi'll just give the furnace a shake-out.
unless i'm mistaken, there's afrost coming."
had he prophesied a hurricane he would not have been far wrong, but itwas entirely in keeping with the other remarkable developments of anight already noteworthy for its strange happenings that the elevatorattendant at no.
1000 59th street should have chosen the next fewminutes to attend to the steam-heating arrangements in the basement.
there is little to be gained, however, from speculation as to theprobable outcome of conditions which did not obtain, and the trivialspace of time which was demanded for the shaking-out and re-coaling ofa furnace was largely responsible for john d. curtis and hermionebeauregard grandison being made man and wife.
curiously enough, the tying of this particular knot was facilitated bythe fact that the clergyman was hale mentally but decrepit physically,and, as might be expected, resented the conclusion, long ago arrived atby his friends, that he was unfitted for work.
he burgeoned withdelight when a servant announced that two young people wanting to getmarried were waiting in the vestibule; he hobbled out of the library,where he was poring over an essay on the sixtine text of theseptuagint, and ushered them into a parlor.
the room was notwell-lighted, because of some defect in the electric installation, butthe old gentleman--"rev.
thomas j. hughes" was the legend on thedoor-plate--bustled about in the liveliest way, and talked mostcheerfully.
"ah, young folk--as usual, leaving things to the last moment, and thenin a desperate hurry," he chirped.
"got the license--yes?
compliedwith all the formalities?
of course, of course.
where's the ring?
you've _not_ forgotten the ring?"
curtis and hermione looked at each other in blank dismay; evenmarcelle's aplomb yielded under this unforeseen strain, and heragitation showed itself in a gasping murmur:"oh dear!
what shall we do now?"
mr. hughes positively chortled over their discomfiture.
he limped to asecretaire, and opened a drawer.
"see what it is to have a long experience in these affairs," he cried.
"do you fancy you are the first couple who failed to provide a ring?
when i was quite a boy in the cloth i learnt the necessity ofkeeping rings in stock, so a jeweler friend of mind replenishes mystore, and, when i sell one, i apply a small profit to a favoritecharity of mine.
the wearing of a wedding ring has no legalsignificance, but it is a fine old custom, and should be preserved.
among the romans the ring was a pledge, _pignus_, that the betrothalcontract would be fulfilled.
pliny tells us that the ring, or circle,was of iron, but the ladies speedily determined that it should be ofgold, and the church went a step farther in recognizing it as a symbolof matrimony.
hence, perhaps, the episcopal ring, and even the ring ofthe fisherman itself, though some authorities hold that signets--ah,yes," for curtis had intimated politely that the hour was growing late,"if the lady will say which of these rings fits; they are fifteendollars each--cheaper, i believe, than you can buy them in fifthavenue.
ah, _that_ one?
now, as to the form ofservice?"
"the full marriage rite," said curtis.
"precisely, just what i would have suggested.
i adhere to thetime-honored formula.
now, let me examine the license--my eyes fail mea little, but i take the utmost pains to be accurate, because accuracyis of the greatest importance.
yes, yes, state of new york--whatare the names?"
"john d. curtis and hermione beauregard grandison," said curtis.
histone was so calm and self-confident that even the prospective bride wasdeaf for a moment to the vital significance of the words.
then shewhispered tremulously:"are you not making some mistake?"
"no," he replied, looking her straight in the eyes.
the minister, whose ears partook of the defects in his other faculties,caught the word "mistake."
"this is no place for mistakes, my dear young lady," he said, "a niceyoung couple like you should only require to be married once in yourlives.
take my advice, and stick to one another in sunshine and instorm, and you shall be blessed even unto the fourth generation.
now, all is in order.
is this your witness?"
and he noddedaffably toward marcelle.
"shall we have one other?
william jenkins,my factotum, has been privileged to assist on many suchoccasions.
he raised his voice, and a wizened little man appeared suddenly, havingevidently waited outside the door until he was summoned.
then, with due ritual, john delancy curtis and hermione beauregardgrandison were joined in the bonds of wedlock, and, by the time mr.hughes had completed the ceremony, he had pronounced their names sooften, and was so accustomed to their form and sound, that when hefilled in the certificate annexed to the license, "john d. curtis"appeared therein in place of "jean de courtois."
hermione was in a pitiable state of suppressed excitement before theordeal was concluded.
the solemnity and impressiveness of the vows shewas taking disturbed the serenity with which she had schooled herselfto regard the marriage as "make-believe."
she was frightened at herown daring.
a dread that the tie she was so lightly assuming might beharder to undo than she had contemplated was fluttering her heart andalmost paralyzing her limbs.
but curtis was unemotional as an icicle;or, at any rate, he looked it, which was all that the half-hystericalgirl by his side could ascertain by an occasional timid glance.
thefact lent her a sort of courage to persevere to the end, and she signedher maiden name for the last time with a numb confidence in the manwhom she had, so to speak, bargained for as a husband in an emergency.
curtis did not fail to note that the aged clergyman's handwriting wascrabbed and palsied as his bent frame.
none could tell, for certain,whether he wrote "jean" or "john," "courtois" or "curtis," though,indeed, the balance of probability inclined to the latter of the twonames, christian and surname, since those were indubitably what hemeant to write.
then, having stated his fee, and been paid for the ring, he handedhermione a copy of the certificate.
"treasure that during all your days, mrs. curtis," he said.
"may it bea charter of lasting happiness and content!"
hermione felt that she would scream ifthere were many more such.
and the pressure of the little gold ring onthe third finger of her left hand was becoming intolerable.
iron, itused to be, said the minister, and a band of iron it seemed to havebecome since this man whom she had taken, so completely on trust hadplaced it there.
on the way out, curtis tipped jenkins, tipped him so lavishly that aqueer little voice squeaked from a queer little face:"thank you, sir.
fair weather to both you and your wife, and a safeberth when you drop anchor!"
so jenkins had been a sailor, for none but a shell-back would put hisgood wishes in such nautical lingo.
"i have just finished one long voyage, but seem to have begun another,"said curtis to his "wife."
he accompanied the words with a laugh, andwas really talking for the sake of breaking an awkward silence.
theywere descending a few steps from the door, and he noticed that aprivate automobile was speeding down the street from the same directionas the taxi had taken.
it swung close to the curb, and was pulled upbarely a yard short of the waiting cab, whose engine the driver wasstarting with the crank.
a shout came from the interior, and a man leaped out.
the street wasrather dark in that part, but hermione recognized the strangerinstantly.
she cried, and the fear in her voice thrilled curtisto the core.
almost as quickly, the man now running along the sidewalk knew that along chase had ended, or he fancied that it had ended, which is notalways the same thing.
"here we are, valletort!"
"got 'em, by ----!
you seeafter hermione!
i'll attend to this d--d frenchman!"
curtis gently disengaged the clasp of a tiny hand on his arm, a claspwhich was eloquent of a woman's sore need and complete trust.
hestepped forward to meet the count, a stoutly built, heavy man, who hadreckoned on closing with an undersized frenchman.
there was no time torectify mistakes.
curtis met his rival's onset with a beautifulhalf-arm jab on the nose.
scientifically, it was perfect, since theblow was delivered at the back of the count's head with completedisregard of intervening tissues, and its recipient went down like oneof those pins which succumbed so regularly to the ball bowled by acolossal fist in the broadway electric sign.
the only difference wasthat the pin fell noiselessly, whereas count vassilan roared like abull in anguish.
in the next instant curtis, who, for a mild-mannered person, appearedto possess a singularly close acquaintance with the ethics of a streetrow, sprang at the automobile, pushed back a man who was getting out,slammed the door, seized the speed levers, and bent them hopelesslywith a violent tug.
a swearing chauffeur fumbled in the seat, but was in no real hurry toalight, because he had noted the count's _débâcle_, and curtis ran tothe two cowering women.
"in with you!"
he said cheerily, adding, with a grin at the driver:"fifty for you if we win clear.
now, be a sport!"
of course, the driver of a taxi would be a sport.
in five minutes hepulled up somewhere in madison avenue, and, leaning back and twistinghis neck, bawled:"where to _now_, sir?"
the appearance on the scene of the earl of valletort and count ladislasvassilan at a moment which, though undeniably critical, might bedescribed as either opportune or inopportune--the choice of anadjective depending solely on the varying points of view of the one whogave and the one who received that powerful thump on the nose--was dueto no feat of skill on the part of the engine-room staff of the_switzerland_, but to a judicious combination of wireless telegraphy,money, and influence.
when it became evident, very early in the morning, that the vesselmight, with luck, crawl up to the quarantine station about midnight,urgent messages were sent to two consulates and the port authorities ofnew york.
in the result, a fast steam-yacht drew up alongside thevessel when she took the pilot on board, and the two magnates and theirbaggage were transferred from the disabled liner to the deck of thetrim yacht.
she made praiseworthy efforts to reach a quay and a batch of customsofficers before eight o'clock, but failed by five minutes.
consequently, some slight delay was experienced, and, with the best ofgood will on the part of the officials, the two fuming passengers couldnot fling themselves into a waiting automobile until nearly twentyminutes past the hour.
then, however, they made up for lost time.
intrusting their belongingsto a porter and a taxi, with instructions to proceed to thewaldorf-astoria hotel, they bade the chauffeur travel at top speed tono.
1000 59th street.
many times were they sworn at en route byendangered pedestrians and enraged drivers of horsed vehicles; thegrowing torrent of ill wishes thus engendered may have exercised someunrecognized form of telepathy at no.
1000, because a regulating valvein the steam-heat apparatus, which had never proved intractable before,suddenly took it into its metallic head to go wrong.
thus, theelevator man was not aware of a good deal of ringing of electric bellsand hammering on the locked door of flat number 10.ultimately, the valve resumed its normal functions, for no cause that ahot and oily human being could perceive other than the occasional"cussedness" which inanimate objects can be capable of; while surveyingit wrathfully, he awoke to the racket in the upper regions.
behold him, then, angry and perspiring, vowing by all his gods that hehad other duties to perform than eternally watching the comings andgoings of the mansion's occupants; being a free-born american of irishancestry, name of rafferty, he would certainly have bandied contumelywith count ladislas vassilan had not the earl intervened.
thehungarian had addressed rafferty as though he were a dog: theenglishman, more certain of his social predominance, treated him as aperson endowed with reason.
"now, listen to me, my good man," he said, calmly but emphatically, "iam the earl of valletort, and the lady you know as miss grandison isthe lady hermione grandison, my daughter.
she has come to new york inorder to marry a wretched little french adventurer named jean decourtois, and it is absolutely essential, for her own welfare, not tomention other considerations, that the wedding, which is to take placeto-night, shall be prevented.
two european consuls and severalimportant men in your own city have helped me to land this evening froma vessel which will not disembark her passengers till the morning.
therefore, it is fairly obvious that you run several sorts of risk byrefusing to help me in finding my daughter, and i can hardly believethat you know nothing about her movements.
come, my man, don'tbe both a fool and a knave, but speak!"
rafferty, who had calmed down during this impressive harangue, tookthought, and did speak.
"if yer friend had said half as much, my lord, i'd have made him wisestraight away," he answered.
"miss grandison went off at 8.30 in ataxi with her maid, marcelle leroux, and a strange gentleman whocertainly wasn't mr. de courtois, my lord.
they wanted to find outwhere a clergyman lived, an' i couldn't tell them--not about theprotestant episcopal, i mean, my lord--but the driver of the taxiremembered that there was a minister of that persuasion living in 56thstreet, near 7th avenue, an' next door to a church.
so they made abee-line that-a-way, my lord, an' i went to see to the furnace, an'that's all there is to it, my lord."
"you say the man was not de courtois?"
queried the earl impatiently.
"i'm sure he wasn't the man who has passed under that name hereaboutsnearly every day for a month, my lord," said rafferty.
"oh, some fellow of his own kidney he has hired to assist him," put invassilan, who held fast to that theory, in part, even after he had beenpainfully disillusioned as to other parts of it.
"come quickly now,you, and tell our chauffeur where to take us."
if rafferty had dared, he would have given the chauffeur directionslikely to lead to further bickering, but the presence of the earlrestrained him, for valletort, though thin and hawk-nosed, was anaristocrat in every inch, whereas count ladislas vassilan wore thestage aspect of a successful pork-butcher.
so he explained matters tothe chauffeur, yet smiled grimly when the automobile wheeled awayalmost in the very tracks of curtis's taxi.
"who sez there's no such thing as luck?"
"that valve knewwhat it was about when it stuck, an' my name ain't what it is if thatwedding isn't over and done with by this time.
an' i gev him 'my lord'for it, too!
played the high-tone society act for all it was worth,eh, what?"
the next scene in the drama began for the hungarian when he sat uponthe sidewalk in 56th street, and tried to pacify certain outragedblood-vessels in the nasal region.
of course, the curtain had been upsome time, but, so far as he was concerned, the incidents whichfollowed his precipitate descent from the automobile were merelycatastrophic.
he had seen a vivid, violet-colored star close to hiseyes, had felt a crushing blow, had heard his own voice vaguely; andthen he awoke to a singular sense of personal dis-ease, and to the factthat the noble earl had nearly lost his temper.
"it was entirely your fault, vassilan," his lordship was saying.
"yougain nothing but lose everything by your bullying tactics.
dash itall, the fellow downed you like a prize-fighter.
who was he?
not jeande courtois, i'll swear, so where has de courtois gone?
can't youstand up?
it's damn silly to sit there, nursing your nose.
ourmotor-car is out of action.
we had better interview this clergyman,and learn exactly what has happened."
he was neither a coward nor a weakling, but he feltsore in mind as in body.
"what's wrog with the car?"
"ad cad you led me adhadkerchief?"
"that rascal who was with hermione nearly pulled the gear levers out bythe roots," said the earl testily.
"he pushed me back into thelimousine--with some degree of force, too, confound him!
who can hebe?"
"suppose we idquire," growled vassilan, and, mopping his nose with theearl's handkerchief, he tugged viciously at the old-fashioned bell-pullwhich served the needs of visitors to the rev.
thomas j. hughes.
the maid-servant who took the names of the two men was surprised, andshowed it, but her democratic respect for titles yielded to suspicionwhen she observed count vassilan's villainous guise.
she cried, and, when the ex-sailor appeared from thedepths, she asked him to "look after the gentlemen" while she summonedmr. hughes.
"cad you take me somewhere, ad supply me with a towel ad pledty of coldwater?"
said the hungarian, addressing the wizened one.
now, jenkins was verger and pew-opener in the church as well as trustedassistant to the aged minister, but the ways and language of thefo'c's'l came back to him with irresistible force when he gazed on thehungarian's damaged organ.
"lord love a duck, you've had it handed to you all right," he gasped.
"how did you get it?
did you foul a lamp-post, or bump a rock, orwhat?"
"it is edough that i have met with ad accided," snarled the count.
"cad't you see that i wadt some water?
is there do place where i cadwash?"
"what you reelly want is a tap," said jenkins sympathetically.
"an' ishouldn't be surprised if a slab of raw beefsteak across yer lampswouldn't be a bully good notion, too, or you'll have a lovely pair ofmice in the morning."
then, hearing mr. hughes's voice from the library, he suddenlyrecollected the habits of later years.
"come with me, sir," he said, leading the way to the basement.
"i'lldo my best for you."
perhaps it was fortunate for the success of his mission that the earlof valletort was left free to deal with the clergyman.
the count'shectoring methods would certainly have stiffened the worthy oldgentleman's back, whereas he yielded readily to the earl's skillfulhandling.
he was much pained at hearing that a peer's daughter shouldhave fallen into the hands of an adventurer.
"this is very sad.
the man lookedquite a gentleman, i assure you.
and he had not the least semblance toa foreigner.
his name, too--john d. curtis--is your lordship reallycertain of the facts?"
now, "john" and "jean" are sufficiently alike in sound to pass musterwith the average man, who also connotes no difference between "d" and"de," but the earl was moved to say quickly:"perhaps you are not accustomed to french names, mr.
"no, i admit it.
but, here is an unimpeachable witness," and theminister produced the license from a drawer in the writing-desk.
lord valletort glanced at it, and a peculiarly unpleasant scowlconvulsed his aristocratic features.
hitherto, a stranger might havebelieved that hermione's unfavorable picture of her father had beentinged by a high-spirited girl's hatred of the marriage which he wasforcing upon her; but that fleeting expression spoke volumes.
if countvassilan was of the bovine order, the earl of valletort savored of thetiger.
he contrived to smile, however, and the effort to figure wholly as adisconsolate parent cost him far more than he dreamed, since heexamined neither the actual certificate nor the register, though bothwould have been submitted to his scrutiny by the bewildered mr. hughes.
"thank you," he said.
"i fully appreciate the position.
the scoundrelhas learnt how to give an english sound to his name.
probably mydaughter taught him.
hard though it is for a father to say such athing, she is the real brain behind this sordid story of intrigue andwrong-doing."
gasped mr. hughes again.
he felt that he must, indeed, begrowing old.
he had married many hundreds of couples during hisministerial career, and had, in many instances, compared the subsequentlives of his matrimonial clients with the impressions formed during theceremony, yet never had he been so gravely at fault as in hissumming-up of the characteristics of john d. curtis and hermionebeauregard grandison.
vassilan emerged from the kitchen, dripping but less gory, and the twovisitors disappeared, whereupon mr. hughes confided his mystificationto jenkins.
but wil-li-am shook his cadaverous head.
"mebbe the earl was right, an' mebbe he was wrong," he said decisively.
"i didn't size up the earl, so i let it go at that, but i did see theother guy--beg pardon, sir, i mean the other gentleman--an' he'll belucky if he gets to bed to-night without being clubbed by a policeman.
someone has been at him already--hard at him--an' i'm not surprised,for his langwidge reminded me of my best days at sea."
oh, i meant my young days, of course.
now, i wonder----"it had just occurred to jenkins that mr. curtis and his bride couldhardly have got clear away from 56th street before the earl and hiscompanion turned up.
"i wish i hadn't closed the door so damn quick!"
mr. hughes raised hands of horrified protest, and jenkins wilted.
"sorry, sir," he stammered.
"i must have got a bit wound up when i sawthe foreign gentleman's nose.
when i went a-whalin' on the _star ofthe sea_ we had a first mate who could man-handle anybody, but even hewould have had to use a belayin' pin to stamp his trade-mark in _that_shape.
now, the question is--_could_ it have been this here mr.curtis?
it reely is a pity i was so--so spry on the door."
outside, the chauffeur had announced that he had straightened thelevers sufficiently to render them serviceable, and he was directed tomake for the central hotel, 27th street, but he had not reachedbroadway before the earl bade him return to mr. hughes's residence.
what had happened was this--lord valletort's recollection of thephysique and manner of jean de courtois fitted in so ill with theknock-down blow delivered to a portly individual like ladislas vassilanthat he began to compare the remarks of the elevator man at 1000 59thstreet with the confusion in the clergyman's mind on the question ofnames.
then, though the light had been dim, and his mind was givenmore to the recognition of his daughter than of the person accompanyingher, he was conscious of a growing conviction that the frenchmusic-master was a being of an altogether different species.
vassilan,too, having regained some degree of self-control, confirmed him in thebelief that there must be some error in their reckoning, and agreedthat they might save time by interviewing mr. hughes again.
but when the mild eyes of the minister rested on the count's truculentvisage, and noted his water-soaked and blood-stained clothing, therewas a distinct drying up in the fount of information.
"no," he said stiffly, in reply to the earl's request that the marriagelicense should be produced again, "i regret that i cannot reopen thatmatter to-night.
to-morrow, if you have any cause for complaint, youshould consult the proper authorities."
"but you must allow me to emphasize the fact that the license is madeout for the marriage of a man with a french name, whereas admittedlyyou have married my daughter to a man with an english or americanname," said the earl.
"i express no opinion on the point.
your lordship may be assumingfacts which are not facts."
"i am making a statement which can be verified quite easily.
the namei saw on the license was that of jean de courtois, an undersizedfrenchman whom i know by sight, whereas my unfortunate friend is aliving witness to the presence here of a man who must be of powerfulbuild and exceptional strength."
mr. hughes surveyed vassilan's battered face again, and a doubt, bornof a vague memory, began to intrude into his own mind.
moreover, hewas an eminently reasonable old gentleman.
"ah, yes," he said.
"my man, jenkins, said something about a firstmate and a belaying pin, whatever that may be--i fancy it is aninstrument connected with the flaying of whales--and the bridegroomcould certainly not be described as 'an undersized frenchman' by anyonewho paid due regard to the truth.
well, the whole proceeding ishighly irregular, but the circumstances are quite exceptional, so----"in a word, the earl and count vassilan were soon gorged with astonishedwrath, for, no matter what discrepancies might exist between licenseand certificate, there could be no dispute as to the bold signature"john d. curtis" in the register, while hermione's handwritingcompelled lord valletort to believe that he was not the victim ofhallucination.
it is easy to see, therefore, how the chase after john d. curtis becamehot thenceforth, but cooled off perceptibly on the trail of jean decourtois.
the hunters, of course, credited hermione with a talent forcraft and duplicity which she certainly did not possess; being rogues,or of the essence of rogues, they suspected her of roguery, and, in sodoing, dug a deep pit for themselves.
on arriving at the central hotel they were plunged into a denser fogthan ever, and by means so ludicrously simple that even a buddingdramatist would hesitate to avail himself of such a crude device.
thepolice had searched the dead man's clothing without finding anypositive clew to his name.
his linen was marked h. r. h., and certainlaundry marks might serve to establish his identity after long andpatient inquiry, but the detective who had charge of the case felt thatit was becoming unusually complex when the victim's overcoat wasproduced and the pockets were found to contain letters, a _lusitania_wine bill, and a marconigram--all pointing to the clear fact that theowner of the coat was john d. curtis.
the detective, steingall by name, was one of the shrewdest men in thenew york police, and his extraordinary faculty of observing minutefacts which had escaped others while investigating a crime had earnedhim the repute of being "the man with a microscopic eye."
but he ownedto being mystified by this juggling with names.
"why," he said to the police captain of the precinct, "this fellowcurtis is the man who witnessed the murder, and who will be our mostreliable witness if we lay hands on the scoundrels who committed it."
"he _said_ his name was curtis," commented the other.
the implied doubt seemed to be justified, but steingall stroked hischin reflectively.
"these papers bear out his story.
look at the dates on the telegramand the bill, and the postmarks on the letters.
can he, by some queerchance, have changed overcoats with the dead man?"
"a most unlikely thing, i should say."
"something of the sort must have happened.
anyhow, let us get hold ofhim, and sift this matter thoroughly."
an ambulance came just then, to take the body to the mortuary, and,when it had departed, the two men quitted the traffic bureau where theyhad been talking, and entered the hotel.
here, excitement was still atfever heat.
the press had heard of the murder, and a number ofreporters were interviewing everybody in sight, while photographerswere adding to the confusion by taking flash-light pictures.
the super-clerk was already showing tokens of the strain.
he glaredwildly at steingall when the latter asked if mr. curtis was in.
"you're the hundred and first man to whom i have answered 'no' in thelast quarter of an hour," he said.
"the first hundred didn't count, anyway," was the dry response.
"pullyourself together, and read that card slowly and collectedly."
"well," he went on, seeing that the clerk had apparently mastered thecopper-plate script, "you see i am not here for amusement.
now, aboutcurtis, are you sure he is not in his room?"
"his key has not been given up, but i have sent to 605, and we can'tget in."
"what do you mean?
is the door locked?"
"we can open every lock in the hotel.
it is bolted."
"have you knocked?"
"we've done everything, short of breaking open the door."
steingall looked perplexed, but the police captain was confident.
"he has buncoed us, for sure," he said with a smile, though the smileboded evil for john d. curtis at their next meeting.
"did you notice him particularly when he registered?"
demanded thedetective, after a pause.
came to-night by the _lusitania_.
here is his signature."
the three men gazed at the register, and steingall produced a card, onwhich curtis had written the name of the hotel.
"by the way," he continued,addressing the clerk, "were you here when the murder took place?"
"did you see anything of it?"
"not a scratch.
i was busy with a lady, who was worrying me about atrain to montclair.
she was five minutes making up her mind whether totake the jersey tunnel or the 23rd street ferry."
"the only other person, beside curtis, who saw the whole affair was thehall-porter?"
"i guess that's so."
"call him into the office."
questioned anew, the hall-porter was positive about everything exceptcurtis's connection with the attack.
the reporters had scalped him,metaphorically speaking, and his brain was seething.
he said "no" whenhe meant "yes," and "yes" for "no," and contradicted himself in eachfresh version of the cataclasm which had seared his sky with lightning.
steingall ultimately gave him up as hopeless that night.
perhaps, nextmorning, when he had slept and eaten, he might become sane again.
"it's an odd thing that curtis should have wandered away in thisfashion, wearing a strange overcoat," mused the detective aloud.
"he must know it," said the police captain meaningly.
"i rather think we must force that door," said steingall.
the clerk did not understand the reference to the overcoat, but he wasready enough to adopt the detective's suggestion.
"shall i send for the engineer, and tell him to bring tools?"
"there is nothing else for it," admitted steingall with a shrug.
be itremembered he had seen curtis, and heard his story.
if such a man hadcommitted the most daring crime recorded in new york during a decade,and had flouted the police with such cool effrontery, he (steingall)would never again trust impressions.
the policemen, the clerk, and a strong-armed artificer went up in theelevator, and, after an imperative knock and a loud-voiced summons toopen had been met with blank silence from the interior of no.
605, theworkman got busy.
the door was stout, and offered a stubbornresistance.
it had to be forced off its upper hinge; then it yieldedso suddenly that it fell into the room, with the engineer sprawling ontop of it.
the man yelled, thinking he was being plunged headlong intotragedy, but steingall switched on the lights, and four pairs of eagereyes peered at nothing in particular.
they found the golf clubs, whichpartially explained the blocking of the door, though it did not occurto any of them at once that the open window might have caused the bagto fall.
they rummaged curtis's portmanteaux and steamer trunks, andcame upon evidence in plenty to prove that he was no mere masqueraderin another man's name.
but that was all.
they could form no theory toaccount for his disappearance, until steingall noticed the key, lyingon the dressing-table, which, with its odds and ends of small articles,was the last place to invite scrutiny.
he was gazing at it when theblind flapped, and the door of the wardrobe creaked.
"the bedroom door was fastened by accident!
the man forgot his key.
i'll show you just how it cameabout."
he illustrated the slipping of the clubs, and his theory was borne outsubsequently by the negro porter who had brought curtis's belongingsupstairs.
but an atmosphere of suspicion, of non-comprehension, hadbeen created around the missing man, and it was not to be dispelled,even in steingall's acute mind, by whittling away the mystery of theblocked door to a minor incident which might occur in any hotel any day.
leaving the mechanic and the negro to patch the shattered doorsufficiently to serve its purpose until it was replaced by another inthe morning, the clerk escorted the representatives of the lawdownstairs.
of course, their departure from the hall and theirprolonged absence had been noted by the phalanx of reporters, and theywere surrounded instantly.
searching questions were fired at them, butsteingall, who knew how to use the press for his own ends, countered byasking genially:"in your hunt for copy, have any of you boys come across mr. john d.
"the man who really saw the riot?
i guess not.
we want him badly."
an approving grin from his colleagues vouched for the speaker'saccuracy.
"who was killed, anyhow, steingall?"
demanded the journalist who hadanswered the detective.
"we don't know, yet."
"does curtis know?"
"he said he didn't, but i'll tell you something--i shan't be happy tilli've had another chat with him."
"can anyone say who 'john d. curtis, of pekin,' really is?"
went on thereporter.
"that is the man we are looking for.
if there are police officerspresent, i want them to understand that curtis should be arrested atsight."
everyone turned at the sound of the authoritative english voice whichhad intervened so unexpectedly in the conclave.
they saw an elderlyman, well dressed, and bearing the unmistakable tokens of good socialstanding.
with him was a foreigner, a most truculent looking person,whose collar, shirt, and waistcoat carried other signs, quite asobvious, but curiously ominous in view of the cause of this gatheringin the hall of the hotel.
"may i ask who you are, sir?"
"i am the earl of valletort," said the stranger, "and this is countladislas vassilan."
count vassilan is not an englishman?"
"no, but----""is he, by any chance, a hungarian?"
"count vassilan is a hungarian prince.
but the nationality of eitherof us is unimportant.
are you connected with the new york police?"
"yes," said steingall.
he answered the earl, but kept that microscopiceye of his fixed on the count.
"very well, then.
i repeat that john d. curtis must be found andarrested--to-night."
"because he is a dangerous adventurer.
i----""that's a lie, first sizz out of the syphon," broke in another voice.
"i have the honor to be a friend of john d. curtis.
my name is howarddevar, and i'll stand for john d. all the time against the noble earland any god's quantity of blue-blooded, full-blooded hungarians."
each member of the animated group was gazing at devar's boyish,self-possessed, well-chiseled face, when another interruption held themagog.
a stout, middle-aged man, followed by a stouter matron, bustledinto the circle.
the newcomers were just as clearly americans as theearl was english, and the man cried angrily:"who says that john d. curtis is a tough?
i'm his uncle."
"and i'm his aunt," chimed in the lady.
"of bloomington, monroe county, indiana," said the man.
"mr. and mrs. horace p. curtis," announced the lady.
"i heard about you to-day on board the_lusitania_.
now, my lord, we are three to two.
what charge doyou bring against john d.
a new note had crept into the voice of the taxi-cab driver when hestopped his vehicle in madison avenue and sought curtis's furthercommands.
no longer did he address his patron with a species ofgood-humored tolerance, almost of sarcasm; his mental attitude had nowbecome one of respect, even of hero-worship.
a little later, whilesmoking a thoughtful pipe in his own cozy flat somewhere near secondavenue, he tried to explain this curious development to his wife.
"you see, my dear," he said, "i picked up a fare in broadway, an' tookhim where he said he wanted to go.
when he got out, he didn't seem tobe quite sure whether he wanted to be there or not, an' you can bet ismiled when he said that he supposed the lady he was callin' on livedsomewhere around.
anyhow, after hesitatin' a bit, an' tellin' me hewouldn't keep me a minnit, in he dives, an' kep' me coolin' my heels agood quarter of an hour.
i grew uneasy, because fares do get so nastyabout waitin' charges, so i signals the elevator man, name o' rafferty,to ask if it was o.k.
when rafferty comes back, we had a chat, an' hetells me that this miss grandison--a mighty smart piece she is,too,--was goin' to marry a little frenchman right away--she wasexpectin' him to call at eight o'clock an' take her to the minister'splace--so it gev' both rafferty an' me a jar when my dude turns up withthe girl an' pipes us for any old address where people could getmarried.
well, i remembers the number of a shovel hat in 56th street,an' away we hike, man, girl, an' lady's maid, with never a sign of anyfrenchman anywheres.
an', by jove, in they skipped to the parsonage,an' were spliced."
exclaimed his highly interested hearer.
true as i'm sittin' here.
when they were comin' out, a queerlookin' specimen who opened the door wished 'em happiness.
'fairweather to you an' your wife, sir,' he said; an' mr. curtis--that's myfare's name, i asked him--said something about havin' finished one longvoyage an' beginnin' another.
then the fun began.
i was just startin'the machine when a private auto dashes up, an' out jumps aforeign-lookin' swell.
the girl spots him, an' screams his name--countvaseline it sounded like--an' he shouts, 'here we are, valtaw'--p'rapsthat was his way of sayin' walter--'got 'em, by--  you see afterhermione.
i'll fix this--frenchman?'"
"don't swear, george," remonstrated the driver's better half.
"i'm not swearin'.
ain't i tellin' you what he said?"
the point was waived.
"and the lady's name was hermione, was it?
it's a pretty name."
"you haven't got it quite right.
it was more like the way i said it."
and, indeed, the correction was justified, since it is a regrettablefact that the taxi-cab driver's wife made "hermione" rhyme with "bone,"and laid no stress on the second syllable.
strong in her superiorknowledge, for she was an omnivorous reader of fiction--and greek nameswere fashionable last november--she passed that point also.
she demanded breathlessly.
the narrator laughed joyfully.
"the dago count went forcurtis as if he was on to a sure thing, but before you could say'knife' he was on his back on the sidewalk.
i've never seen a man putdown so quick.
i couldn't have floored him so beautifully if i'd hithim with a spanner.
but that was only part of the entertainment.
curtis--mind you, before that i'd been treatin' him as an ordinary dudein evenin' dress--acted like an injarubber man filled with chainlightning.
he shoved 'valtaw' back into the auto, grabs the brake an'gear lever, an' puts 'em both out of action, sweeps the two girls intomy cab, and----"here the taxi-driver bethought himself, and grinned vacuously.
"well--an' here i am," he concluded.
"i suppose he handed out a good fare," said his wife.
"yes, he was quite decent about it.
tipped me a couple of dollars overan' above the register."
"i should have thought it would have been more.
men are usuallygenerous when they are getting married."
"he was takin' on a rather expensive bit of stuff, unless i am muchmistaken, an' p'raps he was just rememberin' it."
in this ingenuous fashion was a poor woman neatly headed off the scentof a fifty-dollar bill.
she rang the knell of a new hat by her nextquestion.
"what was the young lady really like--how was she dressed?"
hardly a word was said within the taxi until the corner was turned outof 56th street into seventh avenue.
curtis, who was sitting with hisback to the driver, rose, apologized for the disturbance, and lookedthrough the tiny rear window.
"that's all right," he said.
"that car won't be able to move forseveral minutes; but we must leave nothing to chance," so he sank backinto a seat, and permitted the driver to take them whither he listed.
hermione's first words were not exactly those of a fair maid in utmostdistress.
"oh, how splendid it must be to feel sure that you are able to hit awretch like count vassilan and knock him flat!"
curtis was surprised.
he could not see her kindling eyes, her partedlips, the color which was suffusing forehead and cheeks, and he ratherexpected to hear subdued sobbing.
"i should hate to have you dislike me as thoroughly as you dislike thatfellow," he said.
"i never could.
it cannot be in your nature to treat women as hetreats them.
i do hope you have hurt him."
"i am certain of that, at any rate," laughed curtis.
"he impressed meas weighing a hundred and ninety pounds or thereabouts, and, if it willafford you the slightest gratification, i'll take the first opportunityto work out the approximate force required to drive back a moving bodyof that weight while traveling forward, say, fifteen miles an hour.
there are angles of resistance to be calculated, too, so it offers adecent problem.
meanwhile, the vital question is--where are we going?"
hermione was easily chaffed out of her bellicose mood.
he couldpicture the droop in the corners of her mouth as she said forlornly:"i do not know."
"it is evident," he went on, "that they procured the minister's addressfrom the elevator man at your dwelling."
"ah, that rafferty!
wait till i see him," broke in marcelle.
"please do not scarify rafferty, if that is his name.
i am much moreto be blamed than he, because i assured your mistress that the earl andcount vassilan were safe on board the _switzerland_ till the morning.
i see now that they telegraphed for a tug, and it is best to assumethat they have been kept informed by wireless of nearly every move inthe game.
you agree with me, i suppose, lady hermione, that yourreturn to 1000 59th street is out of the question?"
"it is, if this mock marriage is to serve any real purpose," she said.
"but pray remember that it is not a mock marriage.
you and i are asfirmly bound together by the law as if--well, as if we meant it."
she leaned forward a little; her face was etched in rembrandt lights bythe glare from some shop windows.
"mr. curtis," she said earnestly, "it is neither just nor reasonablethat you should plunge yourself into difficulties for the sake of agirl whom you met to-night for the first time.
why not go out of mylife now--this instant?
marcelle and i can find refugesomewhere.
the hour is early.
why should you take all the risk?"
he was ready for some such appeal on her part.
"i was taught in school if i did a thing at all to do it thoroughly,"he said, "and my experience of life has given the adage a halo.
itwould be worse than useless to desert you now, lady hermione.
whateverpenalties i may have incurred in the eyes of the law are committedbeyond hope of redemption.
if i am sought for, the police know exactlywhere to lay hands on me, and my crime would become monstrous if itwere proved that i ran away from my wife on the night of our marriage.
no; we must face the music boldly, and together.
we must go to somewell-known hotel, register openly, secure rooms, and conduct ourselveson the orthodox lines of all runaway couples, who are presumably headover heels in love with each other.
moreover, in the morning, orwhenever we are run to earth, you should allow me to face your fatherand play the part of the indignant husband.
it is essential that yourmarriage should appear real, or you go back to bondage and i to prison."
the girl's horrified accents showed that she had hardlygiven a thought to the bald consequences of her escapade.
i am not trying to frighten you; but what sort of mercy would ajudge show to the craven who absconded before the battle began?
if, onthe other hand, i am, so to speak, torn from your arms--if a plausiblelawyer can depict you tearful and inconsolable--if----""you make out a fairly strong case, mr. curtis.
i have told you that itrust you, and i can only repeat my words of gratitude.
marcelle, you will not leave me?"
"never, miss, ma'am--that is, your ladyship."
thus it befell that curtis was ready with the name of a prominent hotelin fifth avenue when the driver halted in madison avenue.
he made hischoice almost at random, but selected one of the newest uptowncaravanserais, merely because it lay a considerable distance from 27thstreet.
otherwise, his object in picking a large hotel being to avoidnotice among a fashionable throng, he might easily have taken his"wife" to the waldorf-astoria, in which event certain complicationseven then hot in the making would not have followed their intricatecourse, while hermione's future must have been affected most powerfully.
"i suppose you are prepared to submit to certain conditions whichgovern this new venture?"
said curtis, when the cab was once morespeeding onward to a definite goal.
"what are they?"
it would be scarcely fair to describe hermione's tone as suspicious,for she was a loyal soul, and was wondering in her heart of hearts whatmanner of man this knight errant could be; but his very self-possessionfluttered her; she had been so accustomed to think and act in her owndefense that she experienced a subtle fear of this calm, cool-headed,masterful person whom she must learn to regard as her husband.
"well,"--curtis's speech was so unemotional that he might have beendescribing one of his manchurian railway schemes--"we must treat eachother with a certain familiarity--even use little endearments--inpublic--and address each other by pet names--mine is chow."
despite her troubles, the girl laughed, and curtis recalled the tinkleof silver bells in a temple at evening on the banks of the far-awaywei-ho.
"but that is the name of a dog!"
in my case, it denoted some unpleasant personal characteristicswhen a stupid mandarin put obstacles in my way.
i never gave anywarning, but rushed in and bit him, not actually, of course, but in hisillicit commissions, which annoyed him more than a real bite."
"i don't like chow," she said.
"your name is john.
won't jack do?"
it was lucky she could not see the smile that flitted acrosshis face.
"mamma always used my full name, and i have never had anyone else togive me a pet name, unless it was 'tatters' at school."
"we might bracket tatters with chow, and dismiss both," he saidlightly.
"and i like the sound of hermione so well that it is pat onmy lips already.
now, you, marcelle--remember that her ladyshiphas become lady hermione curtis."
"oh, not mrs.
an earl's daughter retains her courtesy title after marriage."
"all right, sir.
i shan't forget."
indeed, marcelle was jubilant.
she had been "dying" to use her mistress's title, once she became awareof it, but it was taboo at 59th street.
curtis had covered a good deal of ground during that brief discussionin the cab, but hermione was not quite prepared for its logical sequelin the hotel.
naturally, they attracted no unusual attention when they entered thehotel.
other people merely noticed the passing of a distinguishedlooking young man in evening dress--for curtis had promptly whipped offthat ominous overcoat--and a slender, veiled lady, of elegant carriage,who walked up to the bureau, followed by a smartly dressed girl whogazed about her with bright, all-seeing eyes.
[illustration: scenes from the photo-drama.]
"my wife and i have been detained in new york this eveningunexpectedly," explained curtis to the hotel clerk.
"we want a suiteof rooms, a sitting-room, three bedrooms with baths--you would likemarcelle's room to communicate with yours, wouldn't you, dear?"
and heturned suddenly to hermione.
"y-yes," she faltered, for the attack took her unaware.
"what floor, sir?
we have a nice suite on the tenth."
"not so high, please," said hermione.
then she sprung a mine on herown account.
"i know it is stupid, jack, darling, but i am so afraidof fire."
"this hotel is absolutely fireproof, madam," put in the clerk, statinga fact implicitly believed by every hotel proprietor in new york in sofar as his own building is concerned, "but we can accommodate you onthe second floor, suite f., fifty dollars a day."
that will be just right," said curtis quickly, for hemeant to live like a prince during one night at least, let the morrowbring its own cares.
"now, you understand that we are here withoutbaggage, though my wife's maid will procure some necessaries while weeat, and i mean to get some clothes later, but, if you would like adeposit of, say, a hundred dollars----?"
he felt for his pocketbook, but, to the credit of the clerk be it said,the suggestion was negatived with a smile.
"no need at all for any deposit, sir," was the answer.
"i wouldn't beon to my job it i didn't know how and when to discriminate in mattersof that sort.
will you register?"
curtis took a pen and wrote:"mr. and lady hermione curtis, and maid."
some imp of adventure movedhim to inscribe "pekin" in the column for visitors' home addresses.
but the clerk was obviously impressed by hermione's title, no less thanthe singularly remote locality the couple hailed from.
he leant back,and took a key from its hook.
"show mr. curtis and her ladyship to suite f."  thenhe added, as an afterthought: "would you like dinner served in yoursitting-room, sir?"
"i think so," said curtis, "but my wife shall decide a little later."
hermione kept silent until they were safely behind the closed door of awell-furnished and delightfully spacious apartment.
"of course, i bear all expenses," she said firmly.
"what--are we quarreling already?"
"no, but----""you think i am being wildly extravagant.
why, bless your ladyship'sdear little heart, this hotel doesn't begin to know how to charge likea taxi.
now, no argument till to-morrow.
an american millionaire canreally be quite a decent sort of fellow at times, and, if we may assumethat this is one of the times, please let me play at being amillionaire--for once."
she raised her veil, and looked at him, straight in the eyes.
"why are you so different from other men?
why have i never beforespoken to a man like you?"
"but i am not different, and there are plenty of men like me; the otherpoor chaps haven't had my glorious chance of serving you--that is all.
now, won't you go and see if your room is comfortable, and whether ornot marcelle's quarters are just right?
then come back here, and we'lldiscuss menus, for which purpose i shall ring for a waiter _ek dum_."
"is that chinese?"
it means 'at once,' but every hotel-wala east of suezunderstands it."
still she lingered.
"have you any sisters--a mother living?"
i'm the sole survivor of my own family.
but i mean to givemyself the pleasure of a full introduction while we dine, or sup.
dosay you are hungry."
"i have not eaten a morsel since luncheon," she confessed.
i must interview the head waiter.
no common serf willsuffice.
she left him, not without an impulsive movement as though she meant toutter some further words of thanks, but checked her intent on the verythreshold of speech.
as the lock of the bedroom door clicked, and hewas alone, he essayed a review of the amazing sequence of events whichhad befallen since he strolled out of the dining-room of the centralhotel.
he stood there, motionless, with hands plunged deep in hispockets, but, at the outset of a reverie in which judgment and prudencemight have helped in the council, he happened to catch sight of himselfin an oblong mirror over the mantelpiece, for the apartment, redolentof new york's later architecture, contained an open grate, and wasfurnished with the chaste beauty of the chippendale period.
in hispresent position the reflection in the mirror was oddly reminiscent ofa half-length portrait of his grandfather, the warrior who rode at thehead of the fifth cavalry in '61.
then curtis laughed, with the pleasant conviction of a man whose mindhas been made up for him by circumstances beyond his control.
"it's bred in the bone--a clear case of mendelism," he murmured softly,because he had just remembered how colonel curtis, before ever the warwas ended and its bitterness assuaged, had decided a southern girl'sconflict between love and duty by galloping fifty miles acrossconfederate south carolina and carrying off the lady.
grandfather and grandson alike were men of action.
curtis seldom useda gesture, and never cried over spilt milk.
now he merely turned,peered into his own bedroom, assured himself that hermione would findits prototype to her fancy, and then summoned a waiter.
behind the closed door of the other room a girl was similarly engagedin taking stock of the situation; but she had feminine assistance, sothere was bound to be talk.
"oh, your ladyship, isn't this just the dandiest bit out of a novel youever read?"
cried marcelle when she entered her mistress's room througha communicating door.
"it might be more thrilling if it were not a page out of my own life,"said hermione sadly.
she, too, was gazing in a mirror, though, being awoman, the oppressive thought bobbed up through a sea of troubles thather hair must be untidy, and she owned neither comb nor brush.
"but, what luck, miss, your ladyship, to have found a gentleman likemr. curtis at the right moment.
talk about life buoys for drowning menand rich uncles from california in plays--who ever heard of anyonewanting a nice husband and getting him in such a way!"
marcelle's eyes were positively glistening.
and these two now were notmistress and maid, but a pair of highly strung women, and young ones atthat.
"you have lost your wits in this night's excitement, marcelle," saidhermione.
"don't you realize that i am only married under merepretense.
mr. curtis is nothing to me, nor i to him.
he has been kindand gallant, and i am under an obligation which i can neverdischarge--but that is not marriage."
"it's awful like it, your ladyship."
drive such nonsense from your head.
when you marry, don'tyou hope to love the man of your choice, and will you not feel surethat he loves you?"
"oh, yes, miladi."
"then how is it possible for any relationship of that sort to existbetween mr. curtis and me?"
"you've gone a long way already, ma'am," giggled marcelle.
"please don't call me ma'am.
it--it irritates me."
"sorry, miladi, but you will admit, at least, a marriage beingnecessary, that you were fortunate in finding mr.
"yes, doubly fortunate--it is that fact which makes things hard for me."
"makes what things hard, your ladyship?"
"oh, i don't know.
i scarce recognize my own voice.
marcelle, if iseem distraught and unreasonable, promise me you will pay no heed.
forpity's sake, don't leave me!"
hermione's eyes filled with tears, and marcelle was on the verge ofhysteria.
"i--can't imagine--what there is--to cry about," she murmured brokenly.
"nothing on earth would induce me to go away now--but i do hope--andpray--you will be happy--even though--you only met your husband--littlemore than an hour ago!
and i believe in my heart, lady hermione,that you will soon see how fortunate you were in escaping that mincinglittle frenchman----""marcelle, the poor man is dead."
"then it is the best turn he has done you, miladi.
i never fanciedhim.
there was something underhanded and mean about him.
i have seenhis face when you were not looking, and i'm sure he was a hypocrite."
"marcelle, you will drive me crazy.
don't you understand that i havenever intended to marry anybody--really?"
a knock at the door opening into the sitting-room came to hermione'srelief.
"if you can spare marcelle, i would recommend that she should go toyour flat for any clothes you may need," said curtis's voice.
hermione threw open the door.
"a little while ago you told me that it was impossible to think ofreturning there," she said.
"for you, yes, but not for your maid.
who is to hinder?
that man,rafferty, looked a decent sort of fellow."
"i can manage rafferty all right," put in marcelle.
"of course you can," smiled curtis.
"just pack a trunk or a couple ofbags with lady hermione's belongings--you know what to bring--and getrafferty to call a taxi without attracting too much notice.
if youthink you are being followed, put your pursuers off the scent.
but myown view is that 1000 59th street is the last place anyone will thinkof watching to-night."
"shall i go at once, your ladyship?"
said marcelle, and hermione said"yes," with a meekness that was admirable in a wife.
curtis looked at his pretty bride's hat.
"i have ordered a meal," he said.
"it will be served in a few minutes."
"i shall be ready," she replied, beginning nervously to take off hergloves.
the wedding ring was inclined to accompany the left handglove, but, after a second's hesitation, she replaced it.
when sheappeared in the sitting-room she had discarded her jacket, aclose-fitting one of a style that fastened _à la militaire_, high inthe neck.
beneath it she had been wearing a white silk blouse, and thedelicate pink of her arms and throat was revealed now through itsdiaphanous sheen.
a string of pearls supported a diamond cross on herbreast, and on her left wrist was a watch set in small diamonds andturquoises and carried by a bracelet of gold filigree.
she wore onlyone ring--_the_ ring--and even the slight glance which curtis gave itbrought a vivid blush to her cheeks.
"i am not a past master in the art of ordering banquets," he saidcheerily, turning at once to draw her attention to the table, "but thehead-waiter here is a gourmet.
he suggested caviare, a white soup, aking-fish, a tourne-dos, and a grouse--does that appeal?"
"you take my breath away," she said, with valorous effort to seem atease.
"now--as to wine?"
"i seldom touch wine."
"to-night it will make you sleep.
what do you say to a glass of closvosgeot?"
"is that a claret?"
"well, as it happens, that is the one wine i take."
the dinner proceeded most pleasantly.
to his own astonishment, curtisworked up sufficient appetite to enjoy the meal, though he would havestuffed himself remorselessly to save his charming _vis-à-vis_ from theslightest embarrassment.
but he only sipped the wine, for a sixthsense warned him that he must keep a clear head that night.
by inference rather than plain statement, for a deft waiter wasconstantly coming in and out, he supplied hermione with glimpses of hisown career, and ascertained from her that she had secured marcelle'sservices through the good offices of a lady who was a fellow-passengeron the ship.
"she comes from new orleans, but, notwithstanding her name, she doesnot speak french," said hermione.
"i think that rather accountsfor----"she stopped, and curtis did not press for an explanation, but shecontinued, after a second's pause:"marcelle did not like monsieur de courtois.
i imagined she wasannoyed because he always conversed with me in a language she did notunderstand."
"then i shall avoid chinese," he laughed.
"marcelle----"again she hesitated.
she was positively dismayed by consciousness ofthe imminent disclosure, yet too well-bred even to appear to bewithholding confidences.
"you have won marcelle's golden opinion already," she said.
"but letus talk of something else."
for the moment they were alone, and she glanced at the watch on herwrist.
"have you made any plans?"
she inquired, and her voice was low, yetsufficiently composed.
"for the future?"
"when marcelle arrives, i am going to my hotel for some baggage.
you,i suggest, are going to bed."
"you will return?"
"within the hour--if i am alive."
"to-morrow, may it please your ladyship, we breakfast together at nineo'clock."
"your plan, then, is mainly composed of eating and sleeping?"
"what else--our policy is one of drifting."
"you are extraordinarily good to me, mr.
"it is 'jack' in the compact."
"alas, this compact reads only one way.
it means that you give and ireceive.
will you--will you believe, in the future, that despair alonecould have driven me to the course i have pursued?"
"no," he said sturdily.
that is the only unkind thing you have said."
"i refuse to vilify happy chance in the name of black despair.
but--here is marcelle, and slaves bearing packages.
i hear thuds inthe next room."
and, indeed, the waiter entering just then with coffee, marcelle'svoice reached them sharply from the corridor:"now, you boy, be careful with that hat-box!
do you think you are anexpress man, or what?"
chance is often a skilled stage manager, and chance had arranged areally effective scene in the hall of the central hotel.
the earl ofvalletort seemed to be somewhat unwilling to take up any of thegauntlets so readily thrown down by devar and the curtis family, and,for a few seconds, the ring of reporters was held spellbound by asituation which promised most excellently with regard to theall-important question of "copy."
then the police captain, after waiting for steingall to take the lead,nudged his silent colleague, and said gruffly:"this thing cannot be gone into here.
those who can bring forwardtestimony of any value ought to come with mr. steingall and myself tothe precinct station-house."
"why lose time which cannot be overtaken later?"
urged the earl,appealing to steingall, since it was the detective who had spoken tohim in the first instance.
"we appear to be at cross purposes," said steingall.
"how did you twogentlemen get to know that a murder had been committed?"
gasped count vassilan.
"we are not talking of a murder, but of a most scandalous abduction,which will provide only one of a number of most serious charges againstthis person, curtis," cried the earl.
vassilan seized him by the arm excitedly.
"don't you understand, dear friend," he muttered in french.
"therascal must have killed de courtois in order to gain possession of themarriage certificate."
"it will save trouble, sir, if you speak english here," said steingall.
then he turned to the hotel clerk.
"place a room at our disposal at once.
lord valletort is quite right.
we have not a second to waste."
a murmur of protest arose from the pressmen, though it was obvious thatthe police could not conduct the inquiry in the midst of anever-growing crowd of residents and servants.
"say, steingall," whispered the reporter who had spoken for the othersearlier, "can't you let us into this?
we'll suppress anything youwish--i'll guarantee that, absolutely without reservation."
"_i_ have no objection, but these high-toned strangers may not likeit," said the detective quietly.
the earl, when the point was referred to him, made no difficultywhatsoever about the presence of the journalists--in fact, he ratherwelcomed publicity.
"it is better that the truth should appear than a garbled andmisleading version," he said affably.
"i want your help, gentlemen.
iknow enough of newspaper ways to feel sure that a story of some sortwill be star-headed in every news sheet in new york to-morrow, so myfriend, count vassilan, and i are more than willing that you should bewell informed."
now, that phase of the problem was precisely what count ladislasvassilan seemed to be exceedingly disconcerted about.
he wassingularly ill at ease.
his florid face had paled to a dusky wannesswhen he heard the ugly word "murder," and each passing moment servedonly to increase his agitation.
steingall, to all intents and purposespaying less heed to the man than to any other person present, had notmissed one labored breath, one twitch of an eyelid, one nervousgesture.
his phenomenal instinct in the detection of crime hadfastened unerringly on a singular coincidence.
curtis had hazarded aguess that the real malefactors were hungarians, and here was ahungarian count denouncing curtis.
certainly that question ofnationality promised remarkable developments.
when the whole party, consisting of some fifteen persons, had gatheredbehind the closed door of the hotel's private office, steingall tookthe lead in directing the proceedings.
"it will help straighten out a tangle if i say exactly what has takenplace here to-night--that is, to the best of our knowledge," he said.
"there is every reason to believe that mr. john d. curtis arrived innew york this afternoon from europe----""right," broke in devar.
"i traveled with him on the _lusitania_."
"yes, his presence on board was announced in most of the papers," addeda journalist.
"please don't interrupt," said the detective.
"you will be heard inyour turn.
now, this mr. curtis was allotted room no.
605, and thereis evidence to prove that he behaved like any ordinary individual whohad just come from shipboard.
he superintended the unpacking of hisclothes, gave out a quantity of linen for the laundry, changed intoevening dress, and dined alone.
thus far, there is ample corroborationof his own story, because his movements can be checked by theobservation of half-a-dozen hotel employés.
he says, by the way, thatwhile buying some stamps at the cigar counter before going to therestaurant, he was jostled by a rough-looking foreigner, who apologizedin broken french, and whom he took to be a czech or hungarian.
no oneseems to have witnessed this incident, but i have not questioned theman who sold him the stamps.
anyhow, after dinner, at twenty minutesof eight to be exact, he came into the lobby, intending to inform theclerk that he had closed the bedroom door and left his key in the room.
we have ascertained that this statement is true; the door had to beforced, because a bag of golf clubs had fallen and become wedgedbetween the door and the side of a steel trunk.
curtis never did speakto the clerk about the key; at that instant, he says, his attention wasdrawn to the queer behavior of the foreigner who had pushed againsthim, and who had been joined in the meantime by another man of similartype.
they seemed to be very excited, and were apparently expectingsomeone to turn up, either in the street or from the hotel--curtisfancied that they were on the look-out for interruption, or news, fromboth quarters.
the porter on duty at the door, who is not quiteintelligible to-night, remembers asking these men if they wanted ataxi, but they gave no heed to him.
then, according to curtis'sversion of the affair, an automobile dashed up outside, and a young manin evening dress, carrying an overcoat, stepped out, and told thechauffeur to keep the engine going, as he would not be detained morethan a minute.
at that instant the two foreigners--hungariansaccording to curtis--sprang at the newcomer, and endeavored to forcehim back into the auto.
failing in this, one of them drew a knife, andstabbed him so severely that he died within a few minutes, and withoututtering an intelligible word.
curtis ran to help, but was too faraway to prevent the crime, and was further balked in an attempt toseize either of the wretches by having the dying man's body flung inhis way.
he endeavored to hinder the escape of the scoundrels in theautomobile, but failed, because the chauffeur was evidently in leaguewith them, and, when he came back to the crowd which had collectedaround the prostrate man, it would appear that someone gave him, bymistake, the victim's overcoat in place of his own.
this error was notdiscovered until the police came to search the dead man's clothing,when various documents showed beyond question that the overcoatbelieved to be his was really curtis's.
curtis told his story in aclear and straightforward way, and i, for one, have not seen any reasonto doubt it.
it is odd that he should have disappeared so completelysince a few minutes after the crime, but that may be capable of asimple explanation, while it is possible that he has not as yetdiscovered the change of overcoats, or he must surely have returned andinformed us of the mistake.
i am assuming, of course, that he wouldact as one would expect of any reasonable minded citizen who hadwitnessed a serious crime.
now, lord valletort, what have you tosay about mr.
a guttural exclamation from count vassilan drew all eyes to him.
heseemed to be on the verge of collapse, and was positively livid withfright.
in other conditions than those obtaining at the moment, such adisplay of terror on the part of a truculent looking, strongly builtman would have been almost ludicrous; but steingall found no humor inthe spectacle.
he was gazing at the hungarian with a curiousconcentration, and the police captain, who had begun by thinking hiscolleague was saying far too much, and who was inclined to disagreewith some of his conclusions, now thought he could discern method inhis madness.
again did vassilan murmur something to the earl in a strange tongue,and valletort, with difficulty repressing his annoyance, explained thathis friend was feeling the effects of a blow received earlier in theevening, and wished to retire at once to his room in thewaldorf-astoria hotel.
"by all means," said steingall suavely.
"i gather that count vassilanhas no connection with the inquiry--in fact, he is not interested init."
"he is, in a sense----" began the earl, but vassilan grasped his arm,and evidently besought him to come away without another word.
thoughvalletort was in a towering rage, he obviously thought fit to fall inwith his companion's views.
"you see how it is," he said, with a nonchalant gesture that was beliedby his grating tone.
"i am afraid i must postpone my branch of thisinquiry till a later hour--probably until the morning."
"do you withdraw all charges against john d.
demanded devar,and his clear, incisive voice was distinctly hostile in its icyprecision.
i do not," was the angry retort.
"well, i guess you know best why you and the hungarian potentate havedeveloped this sudden attack of cold feet, but----""i'll thank you not to interfere, mr. devar," said steingalldeterminedly.
"if lord valletort thinks his business can wait tillcount vassilan has recovered from an indisposition, that is his affaironly."
"i think nothing of the sort," snapped the earl.
"you all see that thecount is ill, and common humanity impels me to attend to him first.
itmay serve to curb this young gentleman's tongue if i say----"but vassilan would not permit him to say anything.
though he was theailing man, he literally dragged valletort out of the room and into thestreet.
steingall looked at the police captain, who quitted the apartmentinstantly.
then the detective gazed around at the others with a placidsmile which seemed to show that he, for one, was well content with theunusual turn taken by events.
"i suppose you boys have verbatim notes of all that was said," heinquired, tossing the remark collectively to the group of pressmen.
"every word," came the assurance.
"well, now, i want you to keep all that out of the papers."
"if we do that, steingall, what is there left?"
said one of themgood-humoredly.
"the biggest thing you have dropped on to this year; unless i amgreatly mistaken, the scoop of scoops for those who happen to bepresent.
i'm not going to pretend that any of you are blind or deaf,and it will assist the police materially if no comment is made on whatyou have heard and seen.
i don't like to put it otherwise than as afriendly hint; but i may want the whole bunch as witnesses before thisthing is through, so your mouths should be closed effectually withregard to incidents in this room."
a half-hearted laugh went around, and someone asked:"we must put up a readable story of some kind--if we cut out certaindetails, surely we can use others?"
"i said 'incidents in this room,'" repeated the detective.
"then we can mention the arrival of the earl and the count on thescene?"
"one minute, sir," put in mr. horace p. curtis.
"if these gentlementake you at your word, the charge made against my nephew will bepublished throughout the length and breadth of the united statesto-morrow."
"i don't see how something of the sort is to be avoided," saidsteingall.
"then, in common fairness, the newspapers ought to state that my wifeand i, as well as mr. devar, as good as told the earl that he waslying."
"i imagine you can leave the matter safely in the very capable hands ofthe reporters present," said steingall.
"remember, please, that no charge was actually named against curtis,"said devar.
"the earl of valletort demanded that he should be foundand arrested, and described him as a dangerous adventurer, but gave noshred of proof of his wild-cat statement that curtis had been engagedin a scandalous abduction, and, when asked for it, discovered that hehad urgent business elsewhere."
steingall held up a hand in quiet reproof.
"my own view is that it would be best, at this stage, to say merelythat the two noblemen came here inquiring for curtis, and leave it atthat.
i am not trying to deprive the press of a sensation.
surelythere is enough in chapter one for to-night, and those reporters whohave had the luck to be present will be able to fill in gaps inchapters two and three when they come along to-morrow or next day."
"right," said the journalist who, by tacit agreement, seemed torepresent his confrères.
"there are one or two items we want you toclear up, if you don't mind.
first, did curtis, or anybody else, notethe number of the automobile?"
"yes," said steingall instantly.
"the number is x24-305, and curtisheard the man who was murdered address the chauffeur as 'anatole.'
hespoke french to the man, too."
"you omitted both of those interesting facts from your summary,"commented the reporter with a smile.
that was a piece of sheer forgetfulness on my part."
"you didn't forget to rope us all in here as witnesses when thehungarian prince came on the boards.
i knew you had something up yoursleeve the moment you began to fill in details.
but, as to the crimeitself--have you found out the name of the man who was killed?"
there were no papers in his clothes, but that may be accountedfor by the singular accident of the exchange of overcoats.
his linenwas marked 'h.
r. h.,'" cried a bespectacled journalist who had been a silentlistener hitherto.
"that's rather odd.
those are the initials ofhenry r. hunter, a member of our staff.
the news editor wanted him totake hold in the first instance when the fact that a murder had beencommitted was 'phoned to the office, but he could not be foundanywhere, so i am here in his stead."
"i don't recall anyone of that name," said steingall sharply.
"no, you wouldn't.
he was in our chicago office till the beginning ofseptember.
he did one or two bright things there that caught thechief's eye, so he was brought to new york.
by jove, hunter is agood french scholar.
it was on that account he got on the track of agang of chicago anarchists."
a curious stillness fell on the gathering.
it was as though a spiritof evil had suddenly made its presence felt; even the electric lampsseemed to have grown dimmer.
steingall's voice rang out incisively; the reporter took off hisspectacles, and began to burnish them, for his face was glistening withperspiration.
"he is about five feet ten inches in height, and weighs somewhere inthe neighborhood of 150 pounds.
he is straight and well-built, and hisface is finely molded, with big, luminous eyes, deeply recessed,and----""has he a white scar across the left eyebrow?"
for some reason, the journalist carried his description of hunter'spersonal appearance no farther.
it was unnecessary.
before steingalluttered another word everyone in the room had a foreboding that theywere on the threshold of a discovery which lifted this tragedy into aprominence far beyond aught they had yet dreamed of.
except for that momentary touch of amazement in the detective's tonethey could gather nothing from his manner.
but his invariable habitwas to speak to the point, and without the least suggestion ofambiguity in his words.
"i am very much afraid, gentlemen, that the murdered man is mr. henryb. hunter," he said.
"i must trouble you to come with me, and placethe question of identity beyond doubt.
i hope that you, mr. and mrs.curtis, and you, mr. devar, will make it convenient to await my return.
there are matters on which you can give me valuable information."
in a few seconds the three found themselves alone.
the clerk hadbusiness to attend to, but he courteously invited them to remain in theoffice until the detective came back.
"did you ever hear such nonsense as this talk about curtis being mixedup in an abduction?"
began devar, eager to dispossess his friend'srelatives of any false impressions they might have formed.
"why, hedidn't know a soul in the states--except yourselves," he addedtactfully.
the uncle, who had been polishing his domed forehead with a largehandkerchief at intervals during the past quarter of an hour, clearedhis throat as a preliminary to some important announcement, but hisbetter half had only kept silent because of a real fear that her nephewhad been engaged in the commission of serious crime from the instant heset foot in new york, and she entered the fray vigorously now.
"we don't know much about him, and that's the truth, mr. devar," shecried.
"there was some family disagreement years ago, and the brotherslost track of each other, but horace here never forgets a name, and whyshould he, seeing that john was his father's name, and delancy hismother's, and our nephew has both, so the minute we saw that paragraphin the chicago papers about the eminent american engineer who had beenbuilding railways in china being on board the _lusitania_, i says tohorace: 'horace, it would be shame on us if we allowed your brother'sson and your own nephew to arrive in new york without some of his kithand kin to bid him welcome,' and with that we hustled to catch the nexttrain east, but the steamer did the trip quicker'n we counted on, andwe just missed being at the docks, so if it hadn't been for our goodluck in finding the man who helped john with his baggage, and whoremembered the name of the hotel he gave the taxi-driver, we might havebeen searching new york all this blessed night without dreaming ofcoming to such a place as this, because the newspapers spoke so highlyof john that we made sure he would be stopping in one of the fifthavenue hotels like the waldorf-astoria or hoffman house, or perhapshigher uptown, in the ritz-carlton or the plaza."
mrs. curtis was stout, so she yielded perforce to lack of breath, anddevar was able to explain smilingly that he, and none other, wasresponsible for the item in the newspapers.
"the fact is that i took a great liking to john d.," he said.
"he issuch a real good fellow, and so sublimely unconscious of his ownmerits, that i wanted to surprise him by starting a modest boom in thepress, so i sent a wireless message about him to a journalistic friendin new york.
i wondered why the reporters did not get hold of him whenthey came aboard at the quarantine station, but i remember now that, bysome curious trick of fate, he and i stowed ourselves away in a part ofthe ship where no one was likely to find us, and i clean forgot to putthem on his track when i went below."
"i guess my nephew has attended to the booming proposition on his ownaccount," said horace, getting under way at last.
devar laughed, but mrs. curtis was shocked.
she cried indignantly, "that's the only unkind thing i'veheard you say in years.
oh, yes,"--for her husband had spread hishands in mild protest--"i know you didn't mean it, but barbed shafts ofhumor often fall in places where they hurt, and it is terrible to thinkof your nephew being mixed up in a murder, and an abduction, and----"she broke off in mid-career, and fixed a stern eye on devar.
"are you quite sure he didn't get flirting with some giddy young thingon board?"
"i've heard and read of some strangegoings-on among people crossing the atlantic.
i could tell you of twomarriages and no less than five divorces which----"devar was a polite young man, but he thought the situation called forfirmness.
"to the best of my belief, your nephew never so much as spoke to anylady on the ship," he vowed.
"he read a good deal, and played cardsoccasionally, and walked the decks with me when the weather permitted,but he did not even mention a woman's name except your own, madam."
"the marvel is that he mentioned us at all," said horace.
devar thought in his own mind, that the elder curtis might be ponderousin body and speech but he certainly revealed horse sense when he openedhis mouth.
"and whose fault was that, i should like to know?"
cried mrs. curtis.
"didn't your own brother quarrel with you because you said he ought tohave married a woman of some stability of character, and not a pretty,feather-headed girl who spent her days reading poetry and her nights inattending lectures, and who didn't begin to understand the a.b.c.
of awife's domestic duties?"
"maybe i was wrong and he was right," said her husband.
mrs. curtis was marshaling her forces for a mighty effort when the dooropened, and steingall entered, accompanied by a tall, well set-up manin evening dress, and wearing an open overcoat and green homburg hat.
"well," cried devar, springing forward with outstretched hand, "i'mmighty glad to see you, john d.!"
the newcomer's face lit with pleasure, but before he could utter aresponsive word mrs. curtis gurgled:"john d.!
are you john delancy curtis?
horace, is thisyour nephew?"
"judging from his looks, louisa, he ought to be," said the stout man,gazing at the stranger with wide-eyed astonishment.
the christian names of the couple acted like a galvanic battery oncurtis.
at first, he could hardly believe his ears, but someresemblance in the portly curtis to his own father warned him that thisnight of nights had not yet exhausted its store of stupefying surprises.
he exclaimed, smiling cheerfully, "you must be my uncle and auntfrom bloomington, indiana!"
"if you're john delancy curtis, that's our correct description," saidhorace.
"of course he is," chortled mrs. curtis.
"he's as like you the day imarried you as two peas in a pod, and if our little horace had beenspared he would have been his living image.
nephew, i'm proud to meetyou," and mrs. curtis folded her relation in an ample embrace.
curtis carried off a difficult situation with ease.
he kissed hisaunt, shook hands with his uncle, and was about to answer the lady'storrent of questions with regard to himself and his own people whensteingall interfered.
"sorry to interrupt you," he said, "but the turn taken by to-night'scrime demands your immediate attention, mr. curtis.
do you know youare wearing the dead man's overcoat?"
i discovered that fact some time ago."
curtis's prompt admission was more favorable to his cause than he couldpossibly realize then, though he had seen that the detective'sextraordinarily brilliant eyes were fixed on the garment'sblood-stained sleeve.
"and have you learnt the owner's name?"
went on steingall quietly.
"yes, that is, i believe so, owing to a document i found in one of thepockets."
"ah, what was that?"
"it concerned another person, but i am prepared to tell you its natureif it is absolutely essential."
"believe me, there must be no concealment--now."
something in the detective's tone conveyed a hint of peril, ofsuspicion, to the ears of one so accustomed to dealing with hisfellow-men as was curtis.
but he shook off the premonition of ill, anddecided, once and for all, to be candor itself where the authoritieswere concerned.
"it was a marriage license," he said.
"and the names on it?"
"they were those of a frenchman, jean de courtois, and of an englishlady, hermione beauregard grandison."
"so you have imagined that the man who was killed was this monsieurjean de courtois?"
for the life of him, curtis could not prevent the tumultuous pumping ofhis heart from drawing some of the color from his face.
he inquired, never flinching from steingall's searchinggaze.
"no matter who owned the coat, or whom the license was intended for,the murdered man was no frenchman, but a new york journalist namedhenry r. hunter," said steingall.
then curtis yielded to the swift conviction that he had unwittinglytrapped lady hermione into a marriage on grounds that were inadequateand false.
he muttered, and, for the moment, it was impossible for hishearers to resist the dreadful inference that, in some shape or form,he was implicated in the outrage which bulked so large in their minds.
mrs. curtis wanted to scream aloud, but she dared not.
even devar wasstaggered by his friend's unaccountable attitude.
the only outwardlyunmoved individual present was horace p. curtis.
he turned and pressedan electric bell; steingall glared at him, so he explained his action.
"i feel like a highball," he said blandly.
"i guess mrs. curtis coulddo with one also.
in fact, five highballs would be a bully goodnotion."
curtis had seized the opportunity while hermione was in her room beforedinner to rub the blood-stained sleeve of the overcoat with a wetcloth.
he had not, of course, been able to eradicate the ghastly dyewholly from the thick material, but the garment was now wearable, atany rate by night, and he had little fear of attracting attention as hecrossed the brilliantly lighted foyer of the hotel.
passing out by the fifth avenue exit, he began the second cigar of theevening, and stood in the porch for a moment to collect his faculties.
the time was five minutes of ten, and he had been married about an hourand a half.
he had just finished his second dinner, and for theguerdon of companionship with the charming and gracious girl whom fatehad figuratively thrown into his arms he would cheerfully have tackleda third meal without any personal qualms as to subsequent indigestion.
but, joking apart, he was married.
that was the overwhelming featureof life, a feature which dwarfed every other circumstance much asgrimly gigantic windsor castle dominates the puny town beneath itswalls.
the mere tying of the matrimonial knot had not troubled him.
he was heart whole and fancy free then--or, not to strain the metaphor,he could have boasted those attributes a little earlier in theevening--and he recked nothing of the really serious legal disabilitiesincurred by the adventure.
but, like every other young man, histhoughts had turned sometimes to a young woman--not any special youngwoman, but that nebulous entity which is necessarily bound up with thenotion that some day, somewhere, somehow, a man will encounter the maidin whose limpid eyes lurks his destiny.
he had pictured the desirableone in day-dreams, and, merely because of his violent antipathy towardsthe eurasian element in the far east, the dulcissima had appearedinvariably as a tall, slender creature, with the lightest of flaxenhair and the grayest of gray eyes.
now, some alchemy devised by themagician spirit of new york had fashioned his ideal, though slender,not so tall, and she owned a wealth of brown hair, hair that shone andglistened in every changing light, while her eyes were either blue orviolet, just as one happened to catch the glint of them.
and she hadfascinating ways, too, which the lady of his fantasy could never havedisplayed, or he would not have abandoned the vision so readily.
whenshe smiled, it was with lips and eyes in unison.
when she spoke heheard harmonies not framed in mere words, whereas the other fair damewas unquestionably a deaf mute.
indeed, while his glance was dwelling, to all outward semblance, on thepassing traffic of one of new york's busiest thoroughfares, he wasadmitting to himself that he was deeply, irrevocably, in love, and theknowledge was almost stupefying.
to one of curtis's temperament itseemed to be a wildly fanciful thing that he should have yielded soswiftly.
two hours ago he had not seen hermione, did not even know hername, whereas now he breathed it with devout reverence, though, with aperverseness seldom attached to such circumstances, the amazing factthat she was his wife formed a stubborn barrier against which the floodof new-born desire must rage in vain.
for, above all else, he helddear his plighted word.
he knew now that the marriage offered analmost insuperable obstacle to any effort on his part to win the girl'saffections.
in her despair she had trusted him, and he awoke with aguilty start to consciousness of that winsome face being wrung with anew terror if for one instant she had reason to suspect him of otherthan the altruistic motives he had professed in giving her theprotection of his name.
perhaps, in time--well, he was done now with moon-madness, and hestepped briskly down the avenue, firm set in purpose to risk everythingfor his wife's sake, and let the future rest in the lap of the gods.
this, be it noted, was his first stroll in new york.
the night wasfine and clear, for rafferty's diagnosis of "a touch of frost in theair" was becoming justified, and no thoroughfare in the world couldlend itself more completely to the romance of that walk than thewonderful promenade which leads from central park to madison square.
with few exceptions, the nineteenth century plutocrat has been oustedfrom that section of fifth avenue; a giant democracy has reared its ownpalaces in the shape of hotels and office buildings which pierce theskies, stores which rival the proudest mansions of venice in its heydayand florence under lorenzo medici.
never in after life did curtisforget that intimate glimpse of the grandeur and wealth of his nativeplace.
coming up the harbor by daylight he had been overwhelmed by newyork's proud defiance of the limits imposed by nature, but now, partlyveiled by the mystery of night, the city displayed a feminine beauty atonce entrancing and elusive.
at a cross street he paused for a moment to admire a gem ofarchitecture wrenched bodily from its cinque cento setting bybrunelleschi, and transplanted to this new land to serve the opulentneed of a vendor of precious stones and metals.
in the strip of darkblue firmament visible above the admirably proportioned cornice hecaught sight of two planets flaming high in the west, and in closejuxtaposition.
necessity had made him somewhat of an astronomer, andhe had studied chinese astrology as a pastime.
he recognized theselamps of the empyrean as mars and venus, and, up-to-date americanthough he was, drew comfort from that favoring augury.
then, instepping from the roadway to the sidewalk, he stumbled over a heavycurb, and laughed at the reminder that star-gazing did not revealpitfalls before unwary feet.
the incident knocked some of the poetry out of him, and it was a quitenormal and level-headed young man who walked into the central hotelsoon after ten o'clock, and found detective steingall's gaze resting onhim contemplatively from the neighborhood of the cigar counter.
before rejoining the waiting trio in the office, steingall wasinterviewing the youth in charge of the tobacco and current literaturedepartment.
such story as the boy had to tell was hardly in favor of curtis.
"the gentleman came here to buy some stamps, and he and a man who wasreading in the café said something to each other in a foreign lingo,"ran the recital.
"no, i don't think i would recognize french if iheard it--american is good enough for me--but there was no argument,nothing in the shape of a quarrel.
the englishman spoke twice, and theother fellar three times."
"mr. curtis is an american," steingall explained.
"well, he doesn't talk like one, anyhow," pronounced young new york--inthis instance, of a pronounced jewish type--which is perhaps the mostdogmatic juvenility extant.
then curtis entered.
he glanced around, and seemed to be gratified bythe discovery that the hotel had lost its inquisitive crowd.
he didnot realize that every newspaper office in new york was alive withconjecture of which he was the chief figure, and that telegraph andtelephone were carrying his name and fame across the length and breadthof the country.
he said, hailing steingall affably, "you here still?
hasanything turned up with regard to those scoundrels and theirautomobile?"
"not a word--about them," said the detective.
the purveyor of cigars and news was positively awe-stricken.
he wasaware of steingall's repute as the "man with the microscopic eye," andhe fully expected that the "sleuth's" penetrating organ had alreadydiscerned the word "murderer" branded on curtis's shirt front.
"what time will you want me in the morning?"
went on curtis, looking inthe direction of the office.
he was really thinking about the mislaidkey; not for an instant did he imagine that by that simple gesture hehad almost eradicated from steingall's mind the germ of doubt whichevents had certainly conspired to plant there.
"i want you now," came the somewhat startling answer.
"some friends of yours are anxious to see you.
they are in the privateoffice over there," and steingall thrust out his chin in the indicativemanner which the romans used to call _annuens_.
"oh, howard devar, i suppose.
but who else?"
"come along, mr. curtis.
you can stand a pleasant surprise, i amsure," and, with that, the detective led the way across the hall,leaving the youthful jew in a maze of conflicting emotions, for,according to all the rules of the game as played in the dime novel, thetec' should have sprung on his prey like a tiger.
another person whosenervous system received a shock was the super-clerk.
he, like the boy,knew of the network of suspicion which had closed on curtis during thepast two hours, and he had watched the cordial meeting between the twomen with something akin to stupefaction.
but neither of these onlookers had grasped the really essential factthat steingall did not say one word as to the hue and cry whichresulted from curtis's strange disappearance.
the detective was amaster of the art of restraint.
in his own way, he applied to hisprofession the maxim of horace--_ars est celare artem_.
and he had his reward in that cry of dismay, almost of horror, whichburst from curtis's lips when he heard the true name of the murderedman.
uncle horace's seemingly maladroit interruption (it raised him to apinnacle of esteem in devar's mind from which he was never dislodgedsubsequently) prevented any striking development until a glad-eyedwaiter had entered and taken an order for four highballs.
even mrs.curtis admitted the need of a stimulant, but curtis steadily refusedany intoxicant, even the mildest.
steingall endured the delaystoically.
he actually held back a sufficient time to allow horace p.curtis to empty his glass with one well-sustained effort.
then he cameto close quarters with napoleonic directness.
"i take it you assumed that the dead man was the jean de courtoismentioned in the marriage license?"
he gave that question pride of place in pursuance of a queer thoughtwhich had leaped into his brain during the enforced interval.
but, ifhe had been thinking hard, so had curtis, and the latter had outlined aplan of action which was fated to disrupt steingall's, much as aharmless looking percussion cap may interfere with the smug torpor of apowder magazine.
"yes," said curtis, with the judicial nod of a man who states acomparatively obvious fact.
"have you that license?"
"where is it?"
"reposing in the writing-desk of the rev.
thomas j. hughes, a ministerof the protestant episcopal church, who lives in 56th street, nearseventh avenue."
"and what is it doing there, pray?"
"i used it.
i have married lady hermione grandison."
steingall permitted himself the rare luxury of a semi-hysterical breakin his voice.
"is she the daughter of the earl of valletort?"
"precisely, though you astonish me by the ease with which you connecttwo such widely different names.
such knowledge usually implies aclose acquaintance with the amiable foibles of the british aristocracy."
certainly it was well that mrs. horace p. curtis had partaken of atonic in the shape of a highball.
for once she was practically speechless, but she gave the astoundeddevar a pitiless glance which said plainly:"wait till i get my breath, young man, and i'll take some of thecocksureness out of you!"
steingall soon gathered his scattered wits.
"are you really speaking seriously, mr.
"was this marriage an arranged affair?"
the marriage itself was prearranged."
"candidly, i don't understand you."
i am not surprised.
but i do not wish you to remain under anymisapprehension as to the true state of affairs.
lady hermionegrandison meant to marry a french music-master named jean de courtois.
i thought, thought honestly but mistakenly, that the man was dead, and,as it was of vital importance that her ladyship should get marriedto-night, i offered my services as jean de courtois' substitute, andthey were accepted."
"am i to take that statement as literally true?"
"you were not acquainted with the lady earlier?"
"never seen or heard of her?"
"how did you come to engage in this--this freak marriage, then?"
curtis measured steingall with a contemplative eye.
"you are called on to assimilate a novel idea, and, in consequence, arechoosing your words badly," he said.
"it was not a freak marriage.
although i may have broken the laws of the state of new york by using alicense issued to some other person, lady hermione and i are legallyhusband and wife, and no power on earth can dissolve the union withoutthe expressed consent of one or both of us."
"do you mean me to accept the bald theory that you first learnt thelady's name and address from a document discovered in another man'sovercoat, that you went to her house, told her the man was dead, andsuggested that you should become the bridegroom in his stead?"
"as an adjective, 'bald' is--well, bald.
but you've got the affairsized up accurately otherwise."
"oh, the shameless hussy!"
broke in mrs. horace vehemently.
steingall turned on her with a certain heat of manner.
"do not interrupt, madam, i beg," he exclaimed.
"better reserve judgment, aunt, until you have met my wife," saidcurtis.
he spoke gently enough.
he had appraised his relatives almostat a glance, and was sufficiently broad-minded to allow for the naturaldistress of a respectable middle-aged lady who had been whirled, as itwere, out of her wonted environment, and rapt into the realms ofnecromancy and arabian nights.
steingall swept aside this intermission with the emphatic hand of across-examining lawyer.
"you say it was 'of vital importance that the lady should be marriedto-night.'
what does that imply?"
"do you wish me to put it in different language?"
"i want to know what the vitally important reason was.
i presume shefurnished one?"
"ah, but how does that concern the new york police, mr.
"every element in this business concerns us.
the license was inhunter's possession--was he bringing it to someone named de courtois?
or was he masquerading under an alias?"
"answering your second question, i imagine not.
i have the best ofreasons for believing that jean de courtois exists.
i wish now ihadn't.
don't you see, steingall, i am in a deuce of a fix?
i marriedthe lady under a misapprehension.
she might have really preferred thisfellow, de courtois."
steingall liked a joke as well as any man in new york, and was not atall averse from chaffing some of his less gifted colleagues when theirobtuseness or faithful adherence to the letter of instructionspermitted a criminal to befool them; but he resented the levity ofcurtis's tone now, though, deep in his heart, he felt that he liked theman.
"you don't seem to realize the peculiarly awkward position in which youstand," he said, with due official gravity.
"on the contrary, i feel it acutely.
what am i to say to my wife----?"
"i am not wrung with agony over the lady's sensitiveness," broke in thedetective dryly.
"a good many people believe that you were concernedin this murder.
there are not lacking circumstantial details whichwarrant that view.
i am not saying too much when i tell you that somemen, in my shoes, would arrest you forthwith."
curtis looked at steingall quizzically, and even laughed with awhole-hearted appreciation of the jest.
"lucky for me i have fallen into the hands of a sensible person," hesaid.
"allow me to remark," put in uncle horace solemnly, "that mr. steingallhas won my unstinted admiration by the way in which he has conductedthis inquiry."
devar was beginning to enjoy himself.
he alone was able to estimatecurtis at his true worth; even that astounding marriage was losing someof its bizarre attributes since curtis had begun to talk about it.
"good for you, mr. curtis, senior," he crowed delightedly.
"if indianaknew what it really wanted it would run you for governor."
steingall nearly became angry.
indeed, it is probable that he wouldhave expressed his sentiments in strong language were it not for thepresence of mrs. curtis.
"now, sir," he said, with a perceptible stiffening of manner, "let ushave done with pretense.
you strike me as being sane, yet you ask meto believe that you have acted like a lunatic.
well, let it go atthat.
who is this jean de courtois, whom lady hermione grandison wasto have married to-night?"
"my wife tells me that he is a french music-master whom she hired tomarry her in order that she might escape from a pestiferous personnamed count ladislas vassilan," replied curtis with cool directness.
"she brought the obliging individual with her from paris for thepurpose, and paid him a thousand dollars as a sort of retaining fee.
from what little i have seen of her, she impresses me as a charminggirl wholly without experience of a world which, though not altogetherwicked, is nevertheless callous and self-seeking.
among otherdrawbacks, she embarked on a fantastic project with a most disingenuousbelief in the good faith of a frenchman.
now, i admire france as anation, but where women are concerned, i distrust frenchmen as a race,and i suspect--mind you, i am merely guessing--but i repeat that isuspect the honesty of monsieur jean de courtois in this matter.
therewas no earthly reason why he should not have married lady hermione someweeks ago, but it is clear that he has used every artifice to delay theceremony until to-night--and, it may be found when we learn the facts,was prepared to put it off once more till to-morrow or next day.
in my opinion, the reason is not far to seek.
the earl of valletortand count ladislas vassilan were crossing the atlantic hot in pursuitof the unwilling bride.
they arrived in new york to-night, and were sowell posted in events, both past and prospective, that they headedstraight for the flat in which lady hermione was living with her maid.
naturally, i am keenly interested in the causes which led up to apeculiarly brutal and uncalled-for murder, and, as my wife's husband, ihave the further incentive of hoping to bring to justice certain of herpersecutors whom i cannot help connecting indirectly with the crime ofwhich i was, i suppose, one of the most credible and intelligentwitnesses.
now, before i was aware that such a winsome creatureexisted as the present lady hermione curtis, i had estimated themurderers as hungarians, two of them at any rate, since i am hardlyprepared to vouch for the chauffeur.
count ladislas vassilan is ahungarian.
the poor fellow who was killed, though his name is americanenough, spoke french with a pure accent.
one of the hungarians spokefrench, fluently but vilely.
jean de courtois is admittedly afrenchman.
i am not a detective, mr. steingall, but as a plain man ofaffairs i am forced to the conclusion that there has seldom been asimilarly mysterious crime in which certain lines of inquiry thrustthemselves more pertinently on the imagination.
to sum up, i adviseyou to find jean de courtois--unless, indeed, he, too, has beenkilled--and you will be in close touch with the origin of the wholeugly business."
cried the irresistible devar.
"it's a pity you were notwith us on the _lusitania_, mr. steingall, or you would realize thatwhen john d. rears up on his hind legs, and talks like that, there isnothing more to be said."
"is lady hermione a pretty girl?"
demanded mrs. curtis eagerly.
herdemocratic soul was rejoicing in the discovery that her nephew's wifedid not lose her title because of the marriage.
of course, no one everbefore heard of such folly as this matrimonial leap in the dark, but,once taken, there was satisfaction in the thought that the bride was anearl's daughter.
moreover, she had read of such queer goings on amongthe british aristocracy that a wedding at sight was a comparativelyvenial offense.
curtis assured his aunt that hermione was the most beautiful andfascinating person he had ever met, and steingall listened to theeulogy with a grinning rictus of jaw.
in the whole course of hisprofessional experience he had never encountered anything on a par withthis capricious blend of comedy and tragedy.
of course, it did not escape his acute brain that curtis was right inassuming that the _clou_ of the situation lay with jean de courtois.
dead or alive, the frenchman must be found, and found quickly.
theextraordinary story told by curtis, if true--and the detective waspersuaded that this curiously constituted young man was not trying tohoodwink him in any particular--pointed a ready way towardinvestigation.
the unfortunate journalist, hunter, was about to enterthe central hotel when he was attacked so mercilessly.
as aconsequence, some knowledge of de courtois was probably awaiting thefirst questioner at the inquiry counter.
what a whimsical incongruityit would be if he were told that the french music-master around whomthe inquiry pivoted was within arm's length all the time!
he hadactually turned to the door in order to summon the hotel clerk whenthat worthy himself knocked and entered.
"the earl of valletort is here, and wishes to have a word with you, mr.steingall," he said.
the detective's present grim conceit ran somewhat to the effect that ifhe remained long enough in the central hotel he would accumulatesufficient evidence to electrocute three criminals, at least, and sendothers to the penitentiary, but he merely nodded and said:"show his lordship right in."
he was conscious of a dramatic pause in the conversation which hadbroken out between the others.
once again had mrs. curtis beenrendered dumb by the shock of an unforeseen development.
devar, whowas having the night of his life, leaned back against the wainscot,uncle horace peered hopelessly into an empty tumbler, but dared notsuggest a second highball, while curtis, after one sharp glance at thedetective, whom he credited with having arranged this surprise in someinexplicable way, thrust his hands into his trousers' pockets andawaited the advent of hermione's father with a calmness that he himselfcould hardly account for.
hitherto, his adventurous life had been madeup of strenuous effort tempered by the anglo-saxon phlegm whichdisregards dangers and difficulties.
prolonged strain of an emotionalnature was new to him.
he understood, but did not apply the knowledge,that when the human vessel is full to the brim with excitement, theearth may rock and the heavens roll together in fury without the powerto add one more drop of gall or distress to the completed measure.
atthat instant, if the earl of valletort had been accompanied by theembodied ghosts of his ancestors, curtis would have viewed theprocession with unconcern.
the earl, a handsome slightly built, erect man of fifty, hawk-nosed,keen-eyed, with drooping mustache and carefully arranged thin grayhair, glanced at curtis as he might have regarded any other stranger.
"i have disposed of my friend," he said to steingall, "and i hurriedback here on off-chance that you might still be engaged in----""before your lordship enters into details, allow me to introduce mr.john d. curtis," said steingall, silently thanking the fates which hadbrought about a meeting so opportune to his own task if embarrassing toits chief actors.
"mr. john d. curtis, the--the person who conspired with my daughter tocontract an illegal marriage!"
barked the earl, instantly dropping therepose of vere de vere.
"john delancy curtis, at any rate," said curtis gravely.
"as yourson-in-law, may i remark that a few minutes' conversation with a lawyerwill enable you to correct two misstatements in the rest of yourdescription?
there was no conspiracy, and the ceremony wasunquestionably legal."
the earl gave him one searching and envenomed look, and appealedforthwith to the detective.
"i charge that man with abduction and personation," he cried, and hisvoice grew husky with wrath.
"there can be no gainsaying the facts.
my daughter, it is true, had arranged a marriage with a monsieur jeande courtois.
it was provisionally fixed to take place this evening ateight o'clock, but, by some means not known to me, the marriage licensecame into the hands of this admitted law-breaker, and he evidentlypersuaded a foolish and impetuous girl to accept him instead of decourtois.
i am not an authority on the laws of the state of new york,but i stake my reputation on the belief that a flagrant offense hasbeen committed against the social ordinances of any well regulatedcommunity.
i now call on you to arrest him, or, if official process isneeded, to direct me to the proper authority."
"have you any proof of the charge?"
said steingall, who had not failedto observe curtis's air of unconcern under the earl's fierydenunciation.
"proof in plenty," came the snarling answer.
"i have seen the licenseand the signed register, and monsieur de courtois is known to mepersonally.
besides, have you not this rascal's own admission?"
"why omit the equally damning evidence of conspiracy?"
"what do you mean, you, you----""interloper.
how will that serve?
it was you who spoke of conspiring,though i grant you seem to have dropped that item of the indictment.
but mr. steingall, as representing the law, should hear the full taleof villainy.
if your lordship will produce de courtois's letters,cablegrams, and wireless messages to yourself and your confederate,count ladislas vassilan, he will begin to appreciate the true bearingof a rather intricate inquiry."
it was a chance shot, but it went home.
curtis had not spent ten yearsin counteracting manchu scheming and duplicity without arriving atcertain basic principles in laying bare the methods of double-dealing,and the earl of valletort was manifestly disturbed by this coldanalysis of facts which he imagined were known to an exceedinglylimited circle in new york.
but he had the presence of mind to waive aside curtis's allegations asunworthy of discussion.
"i address myself to you," he said to steingall.
"have i made myrequest clear, or shall i repeat it?"
"have you any objection to answering a few questions, my lord?"
"when did you and count vassilan arrive in new york?"
"at twenty minutes after eight to-night."
"how did you ascertain what was happening with regard to your daughter?"
"of course, but from whom?"
"from the minister who performed an unauthorized ceremony."
"how did you know where to go so promptly to secure information?"
"i was kept informed of my daughter's movements by agents."
"who were they?"
"their names will be given at the right time."
"the right time is now."
"you are not a magistrate.
i take it you are a police officer."
"your lordship may feel well assured on that point.
it is exactlybecause i am a police officer that i press for a reply.
your grievanceagainst mr. john d. curtis is much more of a matter for a civil than acriminal court.
i guess he has broken the law, but the machinery forputting it in motion is not under my control.
i am investigating amurder, and every word you have said confirms my belief that yourdaughter's contemplated marriage was the indirect but none the lesscertain cause of the crime.
now, lord valletort, who were your inquiryagents?"
muttered uncle horace.
it was a simple enough ejaculation, but it served to drive home thenail which the detective's outspoken declaration had hammered into theearl's startled consciousness.
here, in truth, was a new anddisturbing phase of the matrimonial problem contrived by hermione,aided and abetted by that mischievous scoundrel, curtis.
still, he wasnot one to be driven easily into a corner.
"you practically refer me to a lawyer for advice; i take you at yourword," he said, with a quick return to the self-controlled attitude ofan experienced man of the world.
"you decline, then, to answer the only vitally important question ihave put to you?"
"i decline to answer that question until i have consulted someonebetter able--or shall i say, more willing?--to instruct me as to thespeediest means of punishing a malefactor."
"the noble lord is disqualified," broke in devar.
"this is the secondtime since the flag fell that he has refused his fences."
"if you interrupt again i shall turn you out of the room, mr. devar,"cried steingall vexedly.
"but, dash it all, steingall, somebody must see that john d. has fairplay.
he only swerved once, and then for a single stride, while he----""i shall not warn you a second time," and devar knew that the detectivemeant what he said, and kept quiet.
"may i ask where the police headquarters are situated?"
said the earlin the frostiest tone he could command at the moment.
"at the corner of center street and grand," said steingallindifferently.
he was about to add the unpleasing fact--unpleasing tolord valletort, that is--that the man on duty at the detective bureauwould certainly refer an inquirer to him, steingall, when the clerkreappeared.
"a patrolman has brought a note for you," he said, handing steingall asealed letter, which the detective opened instantly after glancing atthe superscription.
it was from the police captain, and ran:"count vassilan has just left the waldorf-astoria in a taxi.
steingall's face betrayed no more expression than that of the sphinx,though inwardly he was consumed with laughter; he himself was chief ofthe bureau, and clancy was his most trusted assistant!
certainly, thegods were contriving a spicy dish for the news-loving inhabitants ofnew york.
the earl of valletort turned on his heel, and went out abruptly.
therefore, he missed steingall's first words to the hotel clerk, whichwould have given him furiously to think, while it is reasonable tosuppose that he would have paid quite a large sum of money to haveheard the clerk's answer.
for the detective said:"do you happen to know anything about a frenchman, name of jean decourtois?"
and the clerk replied:"why, yes.
he's in his room now, i believe."
"in his room--where?"
"here, of course.
he came in about 6.30, took his key and amarconigram, and has not showed up since."
uncle horace could withstand the strain no longer.
"would you mind sending the waiter again?"
"if i don't geta pick-me-up of some sort quickly, i'll collapse."
aunt louisa would dearly have loved to put in a word, but she knew notwhat to say.
life at bloomington supplied no parallel to the rapidityof existence in new york that evening.
she was aware of statementsbeing made in language which rang familiarly in her ears, but they hadno more coherence in her clogged understanding than the gabble ofdementia.
steingall was the least surprised of the five people who listened tothe clerk's words.
the notion that de courtois might be close at handhad dawned on him already; still, he was not prepared to hear that theman was actually a resident in the hotel.
"has monsieur de courtois lived here some time?"
he asked, not withouta sharp glance at curtis to see how the suspect was taking this newphase in his adventure.
"about a month," said the clerk.
"has he received many visitors?"
"a few, mostly foreigners.
a mr. hunter called here occasionally, andthey dined together last evening.
i believe mr. hunter is connectedwith the press."
the clerk wondered why he was being catechized about the frenchman.
hehad no more notion that de courtois and hunter were connected with thetragedy than the man in the moon.
"take me to monsieur de courtois's room," said steingall, after amomentary pause.
"may i come with you?"
"i am deeply interested in de courtois, and i may be able to help youin questioning him.
i speak french well."
"so do i," said steingall.
"but, come if you like."
"for the love of heaven, don't leave me out of this, steingall,"pleaded devar.
the detective was blessed with a sense of humor; he realized that theinquiry had long since passed the bounds of official decorum, and itsirregularities had proved so illuminative that he was not anxious tocheck them yet a while.
"yes," he said, "you'll do no harm if you keep a still tongue in yourhead."
"you'll come back to us, john, won't you?"
broke in mrs. curtis,desperately contributing the first commonplace remark that occurred toher bemused brain.
i'll rejoin you here.
shall i have some supper sent infor both of you?"
"no, my boy," said uncle horace, who had revived under the prospect ofa long drink.
"if any feasting is to be done later it is up to me toarrange it.
the night is young.
i hope to have the honor of toastingyour wife before i go to bed."
curtis smiled at that, but made no reply, the moment being inopportunefor explanations, but devar murmured, as they crossed the lobby withsteingall and the clerk:"that uncle of yours is a peach, john d.  he points the moral like agreek chorus."
"i fear he will regard me as a hare-brained nephew," said curtis.
"asfor my aunt, poor lady, she must think me the most extraordinary humanbeing she has ever set eyes on.
what puzzles me most is----""wow!
i know what aunts are capable of," broke in devar rapidly, forhe was doubtful now how his friend would regard the publicity he hadnot desired.
"mrs. curtis, senior, is thanking her stars at thisminute that she will have a chance of paralyzing bloomington with fulldetails of her nephew's marriage into the ranks of the britisharistocracy.
the odd thing is that i'm tickled to death by the notionthat i, little howard, put you in for this night's gorgeous doings.
didn't you wonder why i passed up an introduction to _my_ aunt and mycousins in the customs shed?
man alive, if mrs. morgan apjohn had madeyour acquaintance to-day she would have insisted on your dining withthe family to-night, and at 7.30 p.m.  your feet would have been safelytucked under the mahogany in her home on riverside drive instead ofleading you into the maze you seem to have found so readily.
all iwanted was an excuse to get away soon.
what a fireworksdisplay you've put up in the meantime!"
"fifth," said the clerk to the elevator attendant, and the four menshot skyward.
as each floor above the street level was a replica of the next higherone, curtis happened to note that the route followed to the frenchman'sroom was similar to that leading to 605.
"what number does monsieur de courtois occupy?"
"505," said the clerk.
"then it is directly beneath mine?"
he must have heard us breaking open your door."
"i beg your pardon.
"we committed some minor offenses with regard to your property duringyour absence," said steingall, "but they were of slight account ascompared with your own extravagances.
let me warn you not to say toomuch before de courtois.
even taking your version of events, mr.curtis, lord valletort will probably raise a wasps' nest about yourears in the morning."
"but why _break open_ the door?
surely, there was a pass key----""sh-s-sh!
here we are!"
steingall tapped lightly on a panel of 505, and the four listenedsilently for any response.
none came--that is, there was nothing whichcould be recognized as the sound of a voice or of human movement insidethe room.
nevertheless, they fancied they heard something, and thedetective knocked again, somewhat more insistently.
now they wereintent for the slightest noise behind that closed door, and they caughta subdued groan or whine, followed by the metallic creak of a bed-frame.
at that instant a chamber-maid hurried up.
"i was just going to 'phone the office," she said to the clerk.
"alittle while ago i tried to enter that room, but my key would not turnin the lock."
"did you hear anyone stirring within?"
asked the clerk.
i knocked, and there was no answer."
"listen now, then."
a third time did steingall rap on the door, and the strange whine wasrepeated, while there could be no question that a bed was being draggedor shoved to and fro on a carpeted floor.
whispered the girl in an awed tone.
"there's somethingwrong in there!"
"let me try your key," said the clerk.
he rattled the master-key inthe keyhole, but with no avail.
"i suppose it acts all right in every other lock?"
"oh, yes, sir.
i've been using it all the evening."
"someone has tampered with the lock from the outside," he saidsavagely.
"there is nothing for it but to send for the engineer.
before we're through with this business we'll pull the d--d hotel topieces.
a nice reputation the place will get if all this door-forcingappears in the papers to-morrow."
certainly the clerk was to be pitied.
never before had the decorum ofthe central hotel been so outraged.
its air of smug respectabilityseemed to have vanished.
even to the clerk's own disturbed imaginationthe establishment had suddenly grown raffish, and its dingy paint anddrab upholstery resembled the make-up and cloak of a scowling tragedian.
a strong-armed workman came joyously.
he had already figured as apersonage below stairs, because of his earlier experiences, and it wasa cheering thing to be called on twice in one night to participate in amystery which was undoubtedly connected with the murder in the street.
before adopting more strenuous methods he inserted a piece of strongwire into the keyhole, thinking to pick the lock by that means; but hesoon desisted.
"some joker has been at that game before me," he announced.
"a chunkof wire has been forced in there after the door was locked."
"from the outside?"
these locks work by a key only from without.
there is ahandle inside.
well, here goes!"
a few blows with a sharp chisel soon cut away sufficient of the frameto allow the door to be forced open.
on this occasion, there being nowedge in the center, it was not necessary to attack the hinges, and,once the lock was freed, the door swung back readily into the interiordarkness.
the engineer, remembering his needless alarm at falling head foremostinto curtis's room, went forward boldly enough now, and paid for histemerity.
he was so anxious to be the first to discover whateverhorror existed there that he made for the center of the apartmentwithout waiting to turn on the light, and, as a consequence, when hestumbled over something which he knew was a human body, and was greetedwith a subdued though savage whine, he was even more frightened thanbefore.
but no one was concerned about him or his feelings when steingalltouched an electric switch and revealed a bound and gagged man fastenedto a leg of the bed.
at first, owing to the extraordinary posture ofthe body, it was feared that another tragedy had been enacted.
thevictim of an uncanny outrage was lying on his side, and his arms andlegs were roughly but skillfully tied with a stout rope in such wisethat he resembled a fowl trussed for the oven.
after securing him inthis fashion, his assailants had fastened the ends of the rope to theiron frame of the bed, and his only possible movement was anignominious half roll, back and forth, in a space of less than eightinches.
this maneuver he had evidently been engaged in as soon as heheard voices and knocking outside, but he had been gagged with suchbrutal efficacy that his sole effort at speech was a species of whinnythrough his nose.
the detective's knife speedily liberated him; when he was lifted fromthe floor and laid gently on the bed, he remained there, quitespeechless and overcome.
steingall turned to the agitated chambermaid, whose eyes were roundwith terror, and who would certainly have alarmed the hotel with herscreams had she come upon the occupant of the room in the course of herrounds.
"bring a glass of hot milk, as quickly as you can," he said, and thegirl sped away to the service telephone.
"wouldn't brandy be better?"
milk is the most soothing liquid in a case like this.
the man'sjaws are sore and aching.
probably, too, he is faint from fright andwant of food.
if we can get him to sip some milk he will be able totell us, perhaps, just what has happened."
while they awaited the return of the chamber-maid, the party ofrescuers gazed curiously at the prostrate figure on the bed.
they sawa small, slight, neatly built man, attired in evening dress, whosesallow face was in harmony with a shock of black hair.
a large andsomewhat vicious mouth was partly concealed by a heavy black mustache,and the long-fingered, nervous hands were sure tokens of the artistictemperament.
there could be no manner of doubt that this haplessindividual was jean de courtois.
he looked exactly what he was, afrench musician, while initials on his boxes, and a number of letterson the dressing-table, all testified to his identity.
curtis, devar, and the hotel clerk seemed to be more interested in theappearance of the half-insensible de courtois than steingall.
he gavehim one penetrating glance, and would have known the man again afterten years had they been parted that instant; but, if he favored thefrenchman with scant attention, he made no scruples about examining thedocuments on the table, though his first care was to thank the workman,and send him from the room.
"now," he muttered to the others in a low tone, "leave the questioningto me, and mention no names."
he picked up a marconigram lying among the letters, and read it.
without a word, but smiling slightly, he handed it unobtrusively tocurtis.
it bore that day's date, and the decoded time of delivery was4 p.m."arriving to-night," it ran.
"coming direct fifty-ninth street.
expect us there about eight-thirty."
curtis smiled, too.
he grasped the detective's unspoken thought.
steingall had as good as said that the message bore out curtis'scounter charge against count vassilan and the earl of valletort ofconspiring with de courtois himself to defeat lady hermione's marriageproject.
indeed, before replacing the slip of paper on the table, thedetective produced a note-book, and entered therein particulars whichwould secure proof of the marconigram's origin if necessary.
the maid hurried in with the milk, and steingall, why had covered moreground among the frenchman's correspondence than the others gave himcredit for, now acted as nurse.
with some difficulty he succeeded inpersuading the stricken man on the bed to relax his firmly closed jawsand endeavor to swallow the fluid.
it was a tedious business, butprogress became more rapid when de courtois realized that he was in thehands of those who meant well by him.
it was noticeable, too, as hissenses returned and the panic glare left his eyes, that his expressionchanged from one of abject fear to a lowering look of suspiciousuncertainty.
he peered at steingall and the hotel clerk many times,but gave curtis and devar only a perfunctory glance.
oddly enough, thefact that the two latter were in evening dress seemed to reassure him,and it became evident later that the presence of the clerk led him toregard these strangers as guests in the hotel who had been attracted tohis room by the mere accident of propinquity.
his first intelligible words, uttered in broken english, were:"vat time ees eet?"
"ten-thirty," said steingall.
"_ah, cré nom d'un nom_!
i haf to go, queek!"
i tank you all to-morrow.
i explain eferyting den.
now, i go."
"you had better stay where you are, monsieur de courtois," saidsteingall in french.
"milord valletort and count vassilan havearrived.
i have seen them, and nothing more can be done with respectto their affair tonight.
i am the chief of the new york detectivebureau, and i want you to tell me how you came to be in the state inwhich you were found."
but de courtois was regaining his wits rapidly, and the clarifying ofhis senses rendered him obviously unwilling to give any information asto the cause of his own plight.
nor would he speak french.
for somereason, probably because of a permissible vagueness in statementscouched in a foreign tongue, he insisted on using english.
"eef you haf seen my frien's you tell me vare i fin' dem.
i come youroffice to-morrow, an' make ze complete explanation," he said.
"i must trouble you to-night, please," insisted steingall quietly.
"you don't understand what has occurred while you were fastened uphere.
you know mr. henry r.
i know heem."
"well, he was stabbed while alighting from an automobile outside thishotel shortly before eight o'clock, and i imagine he was coming to seeyou."
did zey keel heem?"
now, tell me who 'they' were."
monsieur jean de courtois was taken instantly and violently ill.  hedropped back on the bed, from which he had risen valiantly in hiseagerness to be stirring, and faintly proclaimed his inability to graspwhat the detective was saying.
"ah, _grand dieu_!"
"i am eel; fetch a doctaire.
mybrain, eet ees, vat you say, _étourdi_."
"you will soon recover from your illness.
come, now, pull yourselftogether, and tell me who the men were who tied you up, and why, if youcan give a reason."
the frenchman shut his eyes, and groaned.
"i am stranjare here, monsieur le commissaire," he said brokenly.
"iknow no ones, nodings.
milor' valletort, he ees acquaint.
send forheem, and bring ze doctaire."
"don't you understand that your friend, mr. hunter, the journalist whowas helping you in the matter of lady hermione grandison's marriage,has been murdered?"
the other men in the room caught a new quality in steingall's voice.
contempt, disgust, utter disdain of a type of rascal whom he wouldprefer to deal with most fittingly by kicking him, were revealed ineach syllable; but jean de courtois was apparently deaf to the meanopinion his conduct was inducing among those who had extricated himfrom a disagreeable if not actually dangerous predicament.
he squirmedconvulsively, and half sobbed his inability to realize the true natureof anything that had happened either to himself or to any other person.
"very well," said the detective, "if you are so thoroughly knocked outi'll see that you are kept quiet for the rest of the evening."
he turned to the clerk.
"kindly arrange that two trustworthy men shall undress this ill-usedgentleman.
he may be given anything to eat or drink that he requires,but if he shows signs of delirium, such as a desire to go out, or writeletters, or use the telephone, he must be stopped, forcibly ifnecessary.
should he become violent, ring up the nearest policestation-house.
i'll send a doctor to him in a few minutes."
de courtois revived slightly under the stimulus of these emphaticdirections.
"i haf not done ze wrong," he protested.
"eet ees me who suffare, andi do not permeet dis interference wid my leebairty."
"you see," said steingall coolly.
"his mind is wandering already.
just 'phone for a couple of attendants, will you, and i'll give theminstructions.
i take full responsibility, of course."
"but, monsieur----" cried the frenchman.
"would you mind getting a move on?
i am losing time here," saidsteingall quietly to the clerk.
"i claim ze protection of my consul," sputtered de courtois.
he is quite light-headed," said the detectivesympathetically, addressing the company at large but speaking infrench.
"i do hope most sincerely that i may arrest those infernalhungarians to-night.
not only did they kill hunter but they havebrought this little man to death's door."
the effect of these few harmless sounding words was electrical.
monsieur de courtois' angry demeanor suddenly changed to that of asufferer almost as seriously injured as steingall made out.
hecollapsed utterly, and never lifted his head even when most drasticmeasures were enjoined on a couple of sturdy negroes as to the carethat must be devoted to the invalid.
steingall was astonishingly outspoken to curtis and devar while theywere walking to the elevator.
"i am surprised that that miserable whelp escaped with his life," hesaid.
"usually, in cases of this sort, the rascal who betrays hisfriends receives short shrift from those who make use of him.
he knowstoo much for their safety, and gets a knife between his ribs as soon ashis services cease to be valuable."
"i must confess that i don't begin to grasp the bearings of thisaffair," admitted curtis.
"it is almost grotesque to imagine that anumber of men could be found in new york who would stop short of nocrime, however daring, simply to prevent a young lady from marrying indespite of her father's wishes."
"of course, the young lady figures large in your eyes," said steingallwith a dry laugh.
"you haven't thought this matter out, mr. curtis.
when you have slept on it, and the fact dawns on you that there areother people in the world than the charming lady hermione, you willrealize that she is a mere pawn around whom a number of very importantpersons are contending.
i don't wish to say a word to depreciate heras a star of the first magnitude, but i am greatly mistaken if there isnot another woman, either here or in europe, whose personality, ifknown, would attract far more attention from the police.
by theway, has it occurred to you that providence has certainly befriendedyou to-night?
the dare-devils who murdered hunter were inclined tokill you in error.
now, i want you to concentrate your mind onthe face and expression of that chauffeur, anatole.
keep himconstantly in your thoughts.
if you can swear to him when we paradehim before you with half-a-dozen other men, i shall soon strip theinquiry of its mystery."
in the hall they were surrounded by a squad of reporters, and threephotographers took flashlight pictures.
muttered the detective to curtis, "they've found you!
now wemust use our brains to get you out of this."
they escaped the journalists by closing the door of the office on them.
then the clerk was summoned, and solved the first difficulty byrevealing a back-stairs exit by way of the basement.
an attendant wassent to curtis's room, to pack a grip with some clothes and linen, and,by adroit maneuvering, the whole party got away from the hotel.
steingall insisted on interviewing lady hermione that night.
hepointed out, reasonably enough, that she might possess a good deal ofvaluable information concerning count ladislas vassilan; if, as curtisbelieved was the case, she had already retired to rest, she must bearoused.
the hour was not so late, and vassilan's movements in newyork might be elucidated by knowledge of his previous career.
so curtis announced that his bride was installed in the plaza hotel,and, while he and devar escaped through the cellars, steingall tookuncle horace and aunt louisa boldly through the lobby.
a taxi waswaiting there, and he gave the driver the address of the policeheadquarters downtown, but re-directed him when they were safe frompursuit, and the three, so oddly assorted as companions, arrived at theplaza within a minute of the two young men.
steingall went straight to the telephone room, and curtis ascended tohis suite of apartments.
he knocked at hermione's door, and her "yes,who is there?"
came with disconcerting speed.
evidently, she was farfrom being asleep yet.
"it is i--dear," said curtis, in whom the mere sense of being near his"wife" induced a species of vertigo.
indeed, he was horribly nervous,since he could not form the slightest notion as to the manner in whichshe would receive the latest news of de courtois.
the door was opened without delay, and hermione appeared, dressedexactly as she was when he bade her farewell.
"i am sorry to disturb you," he said, "but it cannot be helped.
thingshave been happening since i left you."
her face blanched, but she tried to smile, though the corners of hermouth drooped piteously.
"they are not here already?"
she cried, and he had no occasion to askwho "they" were.
"no," he said, with a cheerfulness he was far from feeling.
"the factis i--i--have brought some friends to see you.
that is, some of themwill, i hope, be your very good friends--my uncle and aunt, and younghoward devar, whom i spoke about earlier.
there is a detective, too--avery decent fellow named steingall.
shall i bring them here?
it willbe pleasanter than being stared at in a crowded supper room."
she was surprised, but the relief in her tone was unmistakable.
"i don't want any supper," she said.
"i shall be glad to meet yourrelatives, of course, though----""though you think i might have mentioned them sooner?
well, thestrangest part of the business is that they should be in new york atall.
i haven't the remotest idea as to why they are here, or how theydropped across me.
but isn't it a rather fortunate thing?
they mayprove useful in a hundred ways."
"please don't keep them waiting.
what does the detective want?"
"every syllable you can tell him about count vassilan."
"i hardly know the man at all.
i always avoided him in paris."
"you may be astonished by the number of facts you will produce whensteingall questions you.
and, i had better warn you that my uncle iseven now consulting the head-waiter about a wedding feast.
he hasadopted you without reservation on my poor description."
his frankly admiring look brought a blush to her cheeks; but she onlylaughed a little constrainedly, and murmured that she would try to beas complacent as the occasion demanded.
events were certainly inleague to lend her wedding night a remarkably close semblance to thereal thing.
and as curtis descended to the foyer to summon theirwaiting guests he decided then and there not to mar the festivities byany explanations concerning jean de courtois's second time on earth.
steingall had practically settled the question by confining thefrenchman to his room for the remainder of the night.
why interferewith an admirable arrangement?
let the wretched intriguer be forgottentill the morrow, at any rate!
"in multitude of counselors there is safety," says the book ofproverbs.
usually, the philosophy attributed to solomon exhibits asoundness of judgment which is unrivaled, so it is reasonable to assumethat in hebrew gnomic thought four do not constitute a multitude,because four people agreed with curtis that there was not the slightestneed to mention jean de courtois to hermione that evening, and fivepeople were wrong, though in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred theymight have been right.
hermione herself admitted afterwards that shewould have believed curtis implicitly had he explained thecircumstances which accounted for his undoubted conviction that decourtois was dead; indeed, she went so far as to say that, as a matterof choice, she infinitely preferred the american to the frenchman inthe role of a husband _pro tem_.
she had never regarded de courtoisfrom any other point of view than as her paid ally, and she wasbeginning to share curtis's belief that the man was a double-dealer, afact which helped to modify her natural regret at the report of hisdeath in her behalf.
in a calmer mood, too, curtis would have been quick to realize that agirl who had reposed such supreme confidence in his probity wasentitled to share his fullest knowledge of the extraordinary bond whichunited them, but for one half-hour he was swayed by expediency, andexpediency often exercises a disrupting influence on a friendshipfounded on faith.
he only meant to spare her the dismay which couldhardly fail to manifest itself when she heard that de courtois wasalive, and that additional complications must now arise with referenceto the wrongful use of the marriage license; in reality, he was doinghimself a bitter injustice.
but, having elected for a definite course, he was not a man who woulddeviate from it by a hair's breadth.
when the junta in the vestibuleof the plaza hotel had promised to remain mute on the topic of decourtois, he dismissed the matter from his mind as having no furtherinfluence on the night's doings.
"is there any means of recovering my overcoat?"
he asked steingall,remembering the change of garments when a waiter asked if the gentlemencared to deposit their hats and coats in the cloak-room.
"yes," said the detective.
"just empty the pockets of the coat you arewearing, and i'll send a messenger to the police station-house with anote.
you won't mind if i retain your documents till after theinquest?
one never knows what questions will be asked, and you mustremember that an attempt may be made to fasten the crime upon you."
curtis laughed at the absurdity of any such notion, but, for the firsttime, he examined the contents of the dead man's coat pocketsmethodically.
the pocket in which the license had reposed was empty.
its fellow contained a notebook and pencil.
there were also somenewspaper cuttings--items of current interest in new york, but devoidof bearing on the crime or its cognate developments.
an elastic band caused the book to open at a definite page, andsteingall, who knew a little of everything, and a great deal of allmatters appertaining to his profession, deciphered some shorthandcharacters which promised enlightenment.
he passed no comment,however, but pocketed the book, scribbled a few lines on a sheet ofpaper bearing the name of the hotel, and intrusted coat and letter toan attendant.
uncle horace, after a momentary qualm, gave instructions to thehead-waiter in the approved manner of a trust magnate.
"we're up against it now, louisa," he whispered confidentially to hiswife, "so let's have one wonderful night if we never have another."
mrs. curtis nodded her complete agreement.
she would have sanctioned amortgage on her home rather than forego any material part of anexperience which would command the breathless attention of many afuture gathering of matrons and maids in faraway bloomington.
lady hermione received her visitors with a shy cordiality which wontheir prompt approval.
aunt louisa had been perplexed by indecision asto what she was to say or how she was to act when she met the bride,but one glance of her keen, motherly eyes at the blushing and timidgirl resolved any doubts on both scores.
"god bless you, my dear!"
she said, throwing her arms around hermione'sneck and kissing her heartily.
"perhaps everything is for the best,and, anyway, you've married into a family of honest men and true women."
"ma'am," said uncle horace, when his turn came to be introduced,"strange as it may sound, i know less about my nephew than youyourself, but if he resembles his father in character as he does inappearance, you've chosen well, and let me add, ma'am, that _he_ seemsto have made a first-rate selection at sight."
of course, such congratulations were woefully misplaced, but hermionewas too well-bred to reveal any cause for disquietude other than thenormal embarrassment any young woman would display in like conditions.
curtis, too, put in a quiet word which threw light on the situation.
"as i told you a few minutes since, i was not aware that my uncle andaunt were in new york," he said.
"i cannot even guess how they came tofind me so opportunely, and we have hardly been able to say a word toeach other yet, because they were in the thick of the police inquirywhen i met them in my hotel."
"why, that's the easiest thing," declared aunt louisa, rejoicing in along-looked-for opportunity to hear her own voice in full volume.
"this young gentleman here," and she nodded at the dismayed devar,"told us that he cottoned to your husband, my dear, somethingremarkable on board the steamer, so he sent a message by wireless tothe editor of a new york paper, asking him to let america know that oneof her citizens who had won distinction in china was homeward bound,and the editor circulated a real nice paragraph about it.
it quitetook my breath away when mrs. harvey, our mayor's wife--such a charmingwoman, my dear, and i do hope i may have the pleasure of bringing youto one of her delightful tea-and-bridge afternoons--said to me onmonday: 'surely, mrs. curtis, this john delancy curtis who is on boardthe _lusitania_ must be a son of that brother of your husband who diedin china some years ago?'
and i said: 'what in the world are youtalking about, mrs.
so she showed me the newspaper, and i wasthat taken aback that i revoked in the next hand, and the only meanplayer we have in the club claimed three tricks 'without,' and wentgame, being a woman herself who hasn't chick nor child, but devotes fartoo much time and money to toy dogs; anyhow, i couldn't give my mind tocards any more that day, so off i rushed home and 'phoned horace, andhere we are, after such a flurry as you never would imagine, whatbetween packing in a hurry for the trip east, and missing the steamer'sarrival by nearly an hour, and turning up in the central hotel just intime to hear----"  then aunt louisa, assuredly at no loss for words,but remembering in a hazy way the compact made in the vestibule, foundit incumbent on her to break away from the main trend of the narrative,so she concluded: "just in time to hear things being said about ournephew which we felt bound to deny, both for his sake and our own."
curtis had favored devar with a questioning scowl when he learnt howhis advent had been heralded in the press, but devar merely vouchsafeda brazen wink, and in the next breath hermione herself became hisunconscious and most persuasive advocate.
"i have been bothering my brains to discover when or where i had seenmr. curtis's name before--before we met to-night," she said, smiling atthe ridiculous vagueness of her own phrase.
"now i remember.
i usedto read the newspaper reports about every ship that arrived, and inoticed that identical paragraph."
"thank you, lady hermione," cried devar, crowing inwardly over hisfriend's discomfiture.
"john d. will begin to believe soon what i havebeen telling him during the last half-hour--that i am the real _deus exmachinâ_ of the whole business.
why, if it hadn't been for me you twowould never have got married, and this merry party couldn't havehappened!"
a knock at the door caused hermione to turn with a startled look.
tryas she might, she dreaded every such incident as the preliminary to astormy interview with her father.
"unless i am greatly mistaken, ma'am," interposed uncle horace blandly,"this will be a waiter coming to tell us that supper is ready."
as usual, he said the correct thing, and steingall drew hermione asidewhile the table was being spread for the feast.
he lost no time incoming to the point.
his first demand showed that he took nothing forgranted.
"i am bound to speak plainly, your ladyship," he said.
"is theremarkable story told by mr. john d. curtis true?"
"regarding the marriage?"
said hermione promptly.
"well, as i do not know what he may have said, you can decide thatmatter for yourself after you have heard my version.
i am a fugitivefrom paris, where my father was endeavoring to force me into adetestable union: i am practically a complete stranger in new york: ihad arranged with monsieur de courtois to become my husband, under aclear agreement for money paid that the marriage should serve only as ashield against my pursuers; he was prevented by some dreadful men fromkeeping to-night's appointment, and mr. curtis came to me, intending tobreak the news somewhat more gently than one might look for otherwise.
he heard my sad little explanation, and was sorry for me.
as ithappened, he appreciated the real nature of my predicament, and, havingno ties to prevent such a daring step, offered me the protection of hisname until such time as i become my own mistress and am free to securea dissolution of the marriage."
"will you tell me exactly what you mean?"
said the detective.
hisvoice was kindly, and his expression gravely sympathetic, and hermionecould not read the amused tolerance lurking behind the mask of thosekeen eyes.
"i mean that i am yet what lawyers call an infant.
in six months ishall be twenty-one, and the coercion which has been used to force meinto marrying count ladislas vassilan will be no longer possible."
"do you forfeit an inheritance by refusing to obey lord valletort'swishes?"
"no, unless with respect to my father's estate.
my mother was wealthy,and her money is settled on me most securely."
"yes, i have trustees, an english banker and a clergyman."
"but, if they are men of good standing, they ought to have protectedyou from undue interference."
"an earl is of good standing, too, in my country, and count vassilanclaims royal rank in hungary.
i loathe the man, yet every one of myfriends and relatives urged me to accept him."
"because he has a chance of obtaining a throne when theaustro-hungarian empire breaks up, and my wealth will help his causematerially."
steingall allowed himself to appear surprised.
"is your income so large, then?"
"yes, i suppose so.
my trustees tell me that i am worth nearly ahundred thousand a year."
they were conversing in subdued tones, yet the detective behaved like acommonplace mortal in giving a rabbit-peep sideways to ascertain if thegirl's astounding statement had been overheard by the others.
but themembers of the curtis family of honest men and true women had withdrawnpurposely to the far side of the room, and devar was laboring toconvince his friend that he had acted wisely in placarding his name andfame throughout the united states.
"to your knowledge, lady hermione, is any other person in new yorkaware that you are several times a millionaire?"
"i think not.
poor jean de courtois may have had some notion of thefact, but i lived so unostentatiously in paris that he wouldnecessarily be inclined to minimize the amount of my fortune.
tell me,mr. steingall, do you really think he----"the detective shook his head, and laughed with official dryness.
"forgive me, lady hermione," he said, "but i must not advance anytheories, at present.
now, as to count vassilan--how long have youknown him?"
"about a year."
"has he been your suitor practically all that time?"
the first day we met i was told by my father that i ought to beproud if he chose me as his wife.
so i hated him from the verybeginning."
"you took a dislike to him, i suppose?"
"yes, an instant and violent dislike.
but that is not all.
there arethings i cannot mention, though they are the common property of anyonewho has mixed in parisian society during the past twelve months.
surely you will be able to find men and women in this great city whocan supply enough of paris gossip to show you clearly what manner ofman this hungarian prince really is!"
hermione's face showed the distress she felt, and steingall'sdisposition was far too generous to permit of any further probing inthis direction when the inquiry gave pain to a young andinnocent-minded girl.
"to-morrow," he said grimly, "i may read several chapters of countvassilan's life.
but so much depends on this night's work.
at anyminute--certainly within an hour--i shall have news which may beaffected most markedly by some chance hint supplied by you.
i want youto understand, lady hermione, that mr. curtis's share in the queertangle of the past few hours is not so simple or unimportant as youseem to imagine.
i believe he has been actuated by the best ofmotives----""oh, yes, i am sure of it," she broke in eagerly.
"if i am fated neverto see him again after to-night i shall always remember him as a truefriend and gallant gentleman."
steingall bit back the words which rose unbidden to his lips.
he hadcertainly been wallowing in romance since the telephone called him tothe central hotel, but even in the pages of fiction he had never founda more wildly improbable theory than the likelihood of john delancycurtis allowing any consideration short of death to separate him fromsuch a bride as lady hermione within the short space of time sheapparently regarded as the possible span of her married life.
"ah," he murmured, "if he is wise he will call you to give evidence inhis behalf.
judges exercise a good deal of latitude in these matters."
"but will he be arrested for marrying me?
if any wrong has been donewith respect to the marriage license, i am equally to blame," she saidloyally.
steingall frowned judicially.
their conversation was approachingperilously near the forbidden topic of de courtois.
"in law, as in most affairs of life, it does no good to meet troublehalf way, your ladyship," he said.
"now, reverting to the hungarianprince--do you remember the names of any persons, of either sex, whomhe associated with in paris?
of course, such a man would be widelyknown in what is called society, but i want you to try and recall someof his intimate friends."
"i believe you would find his boon companions in certain cafés on thegrand boulevard and in the vaudeville theaters on montmartre; but wouldit not help you a little if i told you of his enemies?"
"well, i do happen to know that he is hated most cordially by thecountess marie zapolya, who lives in the hotel ritz."
she advised me to shun him as i would the plague."
"did she give any reason?"
"it may sound strange, but i really believe she wants him to marry herdaughter."
"ah, that is interesting.
pray go on."
"i never understood the thing rightly, but i heard once, through aservant, that count vassilan was expected to wed elizabettazapolya--the succession to the hungarian monarchy, if ever it wererevived, was involved--but count vassilan spurned the lady.
thecountess is furious because her daughter was slighted, yet wishes tocompel him to fulfill his obligations."
"in that event, she would be anxious to see you safely married to someother person?"
"oh, she was.
she visited me, several times, and advised me not torisk a life-long unhappiness by becoming mixed up in the maze ofmid-europe politics.
and--there is something else.
poor elizabettazapolya, who is somewhat older than me, is in love with an attaché atthe austro-hungarian embassy in paris."
"have you his name?"
captain eugene de karely."
"how does he stand with regard to count vassilan?"
"i am told that he has challenged him repeatedly to a duel, but countvassilan cannot meet him because they are not equals in the grades ofhungarian aristocracy.
i am glad that mr. curtis did not wait toconsult the almanach de gotha when _he_ encountered the wretch.
has hetold you that he hit him?"
"i have seen the count," said steingall.
the detective was not deaf to the note of alarm in her voice, but thematter must be broached some time, and why not now?
"at the central hotel, about an hour ago," he said.
"was my father with him?"
the earl has also had the pleasure of a few minutes' talk withmr.
hermione was open-eyed with surprise.
"mr. curtis has not said a word of this to me," she cried, and herlouder tone traveled across the room.
"said a word about what?"
inquired curtis, being not unwilling to breakin on the conversation, which he thought had lasted quite long enough.
"that my father and count vassilan had met you at your hotel."
"no, not count vassilan," explained the detective.
"he had gone beforemr. curtis came, but lord valletort returned."
"did he ask you where i was?"
demanded the girl breathlessly,addressing curtis.
he tried to have me arrested, and failed.
i think he looked onme as an unlikely subject to yield unnecessary information."
"supper is served, sir," said a maître d'hôtel to uncle horace, andfurther discussion of count vassilan's tangled matrimonial schemesbecame difficult for the moment.
steingall was pressed to join the party--without prejudice to anyofficial duties he might be called on to perform next day, as curtisput it pleasantly--and consented.
once again had his instinct beenjustified, for he was sure that lady hermione's parisian reminiscenceswould prove important in some way not yet determinable.
moreover, hiscolleagues knew he was at the plaza hotel, and he was content to remainthere while his trusted aide, clancy, was acting as chauffeur duringcount vassilan's belated excursion.
the police captain was keeping an eye on the waldorf-astoria, adetective was searching the apartment rented by the murderedjournalist, and other men of the bureau were hunting the record of theautomobile, though steingall was convinced that this branch of theinquiry would end in a blind alley, because the car had undoubtedlybeen stolen, and its lawful owner would only be able to identify it,and declare that, to the best of his belief, it was locked in a garageat the time it was being used for the commission of a crime.
steingallassumed that the unfortunate hunter--or it might have been decourtois--was led to hire this particular vehicle by adroitmisrepresentation on the part of some unknown scoundrels who were awareof the contemplated marriage.
the shorthand notes in hunter's bookbore out this theory, because they were obviously data supplied by decourtois which would have enabled the journalist to write a thoroughlysensational story next day.
he was convinced, when the truth wasknown, it would be discovered that hunter made the frenchman'sacquaintance owing to his habit of mixing with the strange underworldfrom the continent of europe which has its lost legion in new york.
decourtois was just the sort of vainglorious little man who would welcomethe notoriety of such an adventure as the prevented marriage ceremony,wherein his name would figure with those of distinguished people, andthe last thing he counted on was the murder of the scribe who hadpromised him columns of descriptive matter in the press.
the pertmusician was not the first, nor would he be the last, to find that therole of cat's-paw is apt to prove more exacting than was anticipated.
to his chagrin, he saw himself changed suddenly from a trusted agentinto a dupe, and his utter collapse on hearing of the murder fitted inexactly with the theory taking shape in the detective's mind--thatthere were two implacable forces at war in new york that night, thatlady hermione's marriage to count vassilan or the frenchman providedthe immediate bone of contention, and that the struggle had beencomplicated by a too literal interpretation of instructions carried outby bitter partisans.
in the midst of a lively conversation, the telephone jangled itsimperative message from a wall bracket in the room.
devar was nearestthe instrument, and he answered the call.
"it's for you, mr. steingall," he said.
the detective would have preferred greater privacy, but he rose at onceand answered.
"and who is mr.
then, after a pause: "oh,yes.
you needn't trouble at all about that.
thepolice surgeon, at my request, has dosed him with sufficient bromide tokeep him quiet till to-morrow morning.
yes, i understand.
tellthem it can't be done, and refer them to the centre-streetbureau.
no, so far as i can guess, the engineerwon't be wanted again to-night."
he hung up the receiver, and returned to his seat, though he had justbeen informed that the earl of valletort and another person, havingascertained by some means that de courtois still lived, were raising acommotion at the central hotel and demanding access to the frenchman'sroom.
[illustration: scenes from the photo-drama.]
"please, am i mixed up with mr.
inquired hermione, smiling,for it was a bizarre experience to find herself interested in all sortsand conditions of people whom she had never heard of.
"mr. krantz is the reception clerk at the central hotel," was theanswer, which conveyed fuller information to other ears than thegirl's.
then steingall glanced at his watch.
"i think some of you people must be tired after a strenuous day," hesaid.
"i expect to be called away soon, and it is possible that i maywant to disturb you, mr. curtis, before you retire for the night.
doyou intend to remain here?"
for an instant, an appreciable constraint manifested its presence, anduncle horace did not display his wonted tact when he accentuated it bya dry chuckle, _à propos_ of nothing in particular.
curtis relievedthe situation after a slight hesitation.
"lady hermione, i take it, will now go to bed," he said coolly, "and,if she is wise, will refuse to unlock her door again till her maidcomes in the morning.
i purpose changing my clothes, in case i mayhave to accompany you on some midnight expedition.
my uncle and auntwill tell us where they are staying, and arrange to meet us here atlunch to-morrow.
you, devar, being an approved night hawk, will joinme in a cigar.
how is that for a reasonable disposal of the company,mr.
as though in reply, the telephone rang again, and the detective liftedthe receiver from its hook.
that you, clancy?"
i'll come along by thesubway from 59th street--that will be quicker than a taxi .
he turned, and the five people in the room saw that his face wasglowing with the fire of action.
"you can defer that change of suits, mr. curtis.
we must be off atonce.
mr. devar, have you an automobile?
can you get hold of itnow?
well, 'phone your chauffeur to be at centre-street headquartersin as much under half-an-hour as he can manage.
taxi-drivers gossipamong themselves, so a private car is better.
excuse the rush,lady hermione, and you, too, mrs. curtis.
i haven't another minute tospare."
luckily, curtis found his overcoat awaiting him in the cloak room, orhe might have been in a difficulty, for new york in november is not acity which encourages midnight journeys in evening dress.
uncle horace and aunt louisa were hurried into a taxi, and as they werebeing whisked off to the quiet hotel to which their baggage had beenconsigned, the stout man began polishing his domed forehead once more.
"lou," he said, "i can't make head nor tail of this business.
"not yet, horace," was the hopeful response.
"but--what sort of marriage is this, anyway?"
"oh, that's all right.
those two haven't begun courting yet.
but itwon't be long before they start.
did you notice----"and details observed by aunt louisa endured till the taxi stopped.
after a quick journey by new york's unrivaled system of rapid transit,the three men alighted at spring street, and a couple of minutes' briskwalk brought them to a large, white-fronted building of severearchitecture.
above the main entrance two green lamps stared solemnlyinto the night, and their monitory gleam seemed to bid evildoers"beware!
"; nor was there aught far-fetched in the notion, because fromthis imposing center new york's guardians kept watch and ward over thecity.
"clancy still waiting?"
demanded steingall of a policeman in uniformwho was on duty in an inquiry office.
he asked me to be on the lookout in case you turned upunexpectedly, as he didn't want to miss you."
the chief inspector led his companions straight to the detectivebureau, taking good care to avoid the room in which the "covering"reporters were gathered, because the police headquarters of new york,unlike any similar department outside the bounds of the united states,makes the press welcome, and gives details of all arrests, fires,accidents and other occurrences of a noteworthy nature as soon as thefacts are telegraphed or telephoned from outlying districts.
passing through the general office, steingall entered his own sanctum.
a small, slightly built man was bent over a table and scrutinizing arogues' gallery of photographs in a large album.
he turned as the dooropened, straightened himself, and revealed a wizened face, somewhat ofthe actor type, its prominent features being an expressive mouth, athin, hooked nose, and a pair of singularly piercing and deeply sunkeneyes.
"hello, bob," he said to steingall.
then, without a moment'shesitation, he added: "good-evening, mr. curtis--glad to see you, mr.
"good-evening, mr. clancy," said curtis, not to be outdone in thisexchange of compliments, though he could not imagine how a person whohad never seen him should not only know his name but apply it soconfidently.
"may we smoke here?"
asked devar, who had lighted a cigar on emergingfrom the subway station.
"oh, yes," said steingall.
"make yourselves at home in that respect.
i am a hard smoker.
let me offer you a good american cigar, mr.
perhaps you will try one of mine.
i bought them inlondon, but they are of a fair brand.
you, too, mr.
"i'll take one, with pleasure, though i don't smoke," said the littleman.
seeing the question on the faces of both visitors, he cackled, ina queer, high-pitched voice:"i refuse to poison my gastric juices with nicotine, but i like thesmell of tobacco.
poor old steingall there has pretty fair eyesight,but his nose wouldn't sniff brimstone in a volcano, all because heinsists on smoking."
"you don't possess the article.
skin, bones, and tongue are your chief constituents.
i'm not surprisedyou make an occasional hit as a detective, because the average crookwould never suspect a funny little gazook like you of being thatcelebrated sleuth, eugene clancy."
clancy's long, nervous fingers had cracked the wrapper of the cigargiven him by curtis, and he was now passing it to and fro beneath hisnostrils.
"you will observe the difference, gentlemen, between beef and brains,"he said, nodding derisively at the bulky chief inspector.
"he rubbersalong because he looks like a prize-fighter, and can drive his fistthrough a three-quarter inch pine plank.
but we hunt well together,being a unique combination of science and brute force.
by theway, that reminds me.
if i have got the story right, count ladislasvassilan only landed in new york to-night.
did he drive straight to aboxing contest, or what?"
"wait a second, clancy," interrupted steingall.
"is there anythingdoing?
how much time have we?"
"exactly twenty minutes.
at twelve-thirty i must be in east broadway."
now, mr. curtis, tell clancy exactly what happened since youput on poor hunter's overcoat at the corner of broadway and 27thstreet."
curtis obeyed, though he fancied he had never encountered a moreunofficial official than clancy.
shrewd judge of character as he was,he could hardly be expected to guess, after such a momentary glimpse ofa man of extraordinary genius in unraveling crime, that clancy wasnever more discursive, never more prone to chaff and sneer at hisspecial friend, steingall, than when hot on the trail of someparticularly acute and daring malefactor.
the chief of the bureau, ofcourse, knew by these signs that his trusted _aide_ had obtainedinformation of a really startling nature, but neither curtis nor devarwas aware of clancy's idiosyncrasies, and some few minutes elapsedbefore they began to suspect that he had a good deal more up his sleevethan they gave him credit for at first.
from the outset he took an original view of curtis's marriage.
"the girl is young and good-looking, you say?"
was his opening question.
"not yet twenty-one, and remarkably attractive," said curtis, thoughhardly prepared for the detective's interest in this direction.
"well educated and lady-like, i suppose?"
"yes, as befits her position."
"cut out her position, which doesn't amount to a row of beans whereintellect is concerned.
well, a man never knows much about awoman anyway, and what little he learns is acquired by a process ofrejection after marriage."
"may i ask what you mean?"
"judging from your history and apparent age, mr. curtis, i take it youhave not had time to go fooling about after girls?"
"you are certainly right in that respect."
"naturally, or you wouldn't be so ignorant concerning the dearcreatures.
you are to be congratulated, 'pon my soul.
you will havethe rare experience of constructing a divinity out of a wife, whereasthe average man begins by choosing a divinity and finds he has onlysecured a wife."
curtis laughed, but met the detective's penetrating gaze frankly.
"your bitter philosophy may be sound, mr. clancy," he said, "but it isbuilt on a false premiss.
my marriage is only a matter of form.
itmay be legal--indeed, i believe it is--but there can be no dispute asto the nature of the bond between lady hermione and myself.
sheregards me as a husband in name only, and will dissolve the tie at herown convenience."
"you'll place no obstacles in her way?"
clancy giggled, as though he were a comedian who had scored a pointwith his audience.
"then you're married for keeps," he announced, with the grin of a manwho has solved a humorous riddle.
"by refusing to thwart the lady youthrow away your last slender chance of freedom, and you will find herwaiting at the gate of the state penitentiary when you come out.
byjove, you've been pretty rapid, though.
no wonder people say the eastis waking up.
are there many more like you in china?"
curtis was not altogether pleased by this banter, nor did he trouble toconceal his opinion that the new york detective bureau was treating agrave crime with scandalous levity.
"whether lady hermione married me or jean de courtois is a ratherimmaterial side issue," he said, somewhat emphatically.
"from whatlittle i can grasp of a curiously involved affair, it seems to me thatthere are weightier interests than ours at stake.
and, if i mayventure to differ from you, a lot of things may happen before i see theinside of a prison."
"after your meteoric career during the past few hours i am inclined toagree with that last remark," and clancy's tone became so serious thatdevar laughed outright.
"don't misunderstand me, mr. curtis.
i amlost in admiration of your nerve, but you have told me just what iwanted to make sure of."
"i have expressed no opinions.
i confined myself to actual facts."
"and isn't it a highly significant fact that you are over head and earsin love with your wife?
_nom d'un pipe_!
doesn't that complicate thething worse than a chinese puzzle?"
"i really don't see----" began curtis, yielding to a feeling ofannoyance which was not altogether unwarrantable, but clancy jerked outhis hands as though they were attached to arms moved by the strings ofa marionette.
"of course, you don't!"
"you're in love!
you're gorged withthe amococcus microbe!
it's the worst case i've ever heard of.
i onceknew a man who met a girl for the first time at the park row end ofbrooklyn bridge and proposed to her before they had crossed the eastriver, but you've set up a record that will never be beaten.
you finda marriage license in the pockets of a murdered man, rush off in a taxito the address of the lady named therein, marry her, punch a franticrival on the nose, take the fair one to a hotel, flout her father, abritish peer, and hold a banquet at which the chief of the new yorkdetective bureau is an honored guest; and then you have the hardihoodto tell me that your actions constitute an immaterial side issue in thebiggest sensation new york has produced this year.
young man, waittill the interviewers get hold of you to-morrow!
wait till the sobsisters begin gushing over your bride--a pretty one--with a title!
name of good little gray man!
they'll whoop your side issues into ascare-head front page!
before you know where you are they'll have youbleating about the color of her eyes, the exquisite curve of hercupid's bow lips, and the way her hair shone when the electric lightfell on it, while she, on her part, will be confiding, with asuspicious break in her voice, what a perfectly darling specimen of theamerican man at his best you are.
mr. curtis, you're married good andhard, and if you want to cinch the job you ought to go to jail for awhile."
unquestionably, the two civilians present thought that clancy wasslightly mad, so steingall intervened.
"hop off your perch, eugene," he said, "and tell us how you came todrive count vassilan's taxi, and where you took him."
"it was a case of intelligent anticipation of forthcoming events," saidclancy, whose excitability disappeared instantly, leaving him calm andextremely lucid of speech.
"when evans (the police captain) gave methe bearings of the affair--though, of course, being a creature ofhandcuffs and bludgeons, he thought our friend curtis was the realscoundrel--i realized at once that vassilan's indisposition was a badattack of blue funk.
such a man could no more remain quietly in hisroom at the hotel than a fox terrier could pass a dog fight withouttaking hold.
as soon as i saw the earl go out alone, and heard himdirect the taxi to the central hotel in 27th street, i decided that mybest place was at the driving wheel of another taxi.
i picked out aman on the rank who was about my size, and might be mistaken for me ina half-light, and got him to lend me his coat and cap.
he took mine,and a word to the door-porter fixed things so that i was whistled upquite naturally when his countship appeared.
he had changed hisclothes and linen, but one glance at his nose showed that i had markedmy bird, even if the porter hadn't given me the mystic sign at theright moment.
i received my orders, and off we went, a second cabfollowing, with the driver of my taxi as a fare.
evidently, the countwas not well posted in new york distances, because he grew restive, andwondered where i was taking him.
he tried to be artful, too, and whenwe reached east broadway he pulled me up at the corner of marketstreet, told me to wait, and lodged a five-dollar bill as security,saying i would have annozzaire when we got back to the hotel.
didn'tthat make things easy?
he plunged into the crowd--you know what abunch of russians, hungarians, and polish jews get together in eastbroadway about ten-thirty--so i rushed to the second cab, swapped coatsand hats again, gave the taxi-man the five-spot, and put him in chargeof his own cab.
in less than a minute i overtook the count, just as hewas crossing the street, and saw him enter a house, after sayingsomething to a second-hand clothes man who was bawling out his goodsfrom the open store on the ground floor.
by the time i had bought twosilk handkerchiefs and a pair of boots, and was haggling like mad overa collection of linen collars, size 16--a present for you,steingall--his nobility came downstairs, but not alone; there was agirl with him.
luckily, she was no hungarian, but italian, and theytalked in broken english.
'they no come-a here-a now-a-time,excellenza,' she said, 'but you-a fin' dem at morris siegelman'srestaurant at 'alf-a-pass twelve.'
he said something choice--in puremagyar, i guess--and headed for the taxi.
that is all, or practicallyall.
i tried to go back on my bargains with the israelite in thestore, but he made such a row that i paid him, and when i reached thesecond cab the driver told me that my man nodded as he passed, showingthat vassilan was returning to the hotel.
so i came here, and 'phonedyou."
steingall glanced at a clock on the mantel-piece.
he rose, threw opena door, and switched on a light.
"mr. curtis," he said, "we must risk something, but i think i can makeyou up sufficiently to escape recognition, not so much by the count asby others who may attend that supper party.
you come, too, mr. devar.
there is safety in numbers."
with a deftness that was worthy of a theatrical costumier, thedetectives converted themselves and the two young men into ship'sfiremen.
no more effective or simpler disguise could have been devisedon the spur of the moment, nor one that might be assumed more readily.
boots offered the main difficulty, but clancy's purchase fitted devar,and curtis made the best of a pair of canvas shoes, while a mixture ofgrease and coffee extract applied to face and hands changed fourrespectable looking persons into a gang which would certainly attractthe attention of the police anywhere outside the bounds of just such alocality as they were bound for.
in case the exigencies of the chase separated them, steingall gave someinstructions to the man in the inquiry office, and devar tested therealism of his appearance by disregarding the chauffeur of thesplendidly appointed automobile waiting at the exit.
walking up to thecar, he opened the door and said gruffly:"jump in, boys!"
the chauffeur wriggled out of his seat instantly, and leaped to thepavement.
"here, what the----" he began, whereupon devar laughed.
"it's all right, arthur," he said.
"what's all right?
this car is here for mr. howard devar," cried theman angrily.
"well, you cuckoo, and who am i?"
something familiar in the voice caused the chauffeur to look closely atthe speaker, whom he had not seen for a considerable time except for afleeting glimpse on the arrival of the _lusitania_ at new york thatafternoon.
he was perplexed, but was evidently not devoid of humor.
"it's either you or your ghost, sir," he said, "and if it's your ghostyou must have been badly treated in the next world."
a roundsman was entering headquarters at the moment, and gave thequartette a sharp glance.
"here, parker," said steingall, "tell this man my name."
the policeman came up, looked at the detective, and laughed.
"this is mr. steingall, chief of the detective bureau," he said to thebewildered driver, who resumed charge of the car without further ado,but nevertheless remained uneasy in his mind.
and not without cause.
he, poor fellow, all unconsciously, was now gathered into the net whichhad spread its meshes so wide in new york that night.
he could notunderstand why his employer's son should be gallivanting around thecity in company with such questionable looking characters, even thoughone of them might be the famous "man with the microscopic eye," but hewas far from realizing that he and his car would help to make historybefore morning.
in obedience to orders, he ran along grand street, and halted the caron the south side of w. h. seward park.
"remain here, if we do not return earlier, till one o'clock," steingalltold him, "and then run slowly along east broadway to the corner ofmontgomery street.
we are going to morris siegelman's restaurant,which is a few doors higher up, on the north side.
if we stroll pastyou, pay no heed, but follow at a little distance.
have you got thatright?"
devar was hugely delighted by the man's discomfited tone.
"cheer up, arthur," he said.
"you'll be tickled to death to-morrowwhen you read the newspapers, and discover the part you played in a bignews item."
"now, don't forget to lurch about the sidewalk," was steingall's nextinjunction to the amateurs.
"think of all the bad language you everheard, and use it.
we're toughs, and must behave as such.
can eitherof you sing?"
"i can," admitted curtis.
"that will help some.
strike up any sort of sailor's chanty when we'rein the restaurant."
late as the hour, east broadway was full to repletion with acosmopolitan crowd.
it was a thursday evening, and the hebrew sabbathbegan at sunset on the following day, so the poor jews of the quarterwere out in their thousands, either buying provisions for the comingholiday or attracted by the light and bustle.
heavy looking russians,olive-skinned italians, placid germans, wild-eyed and pallid czechs,lounged along the thoroughfare, chatting with compatriots, or gatheringin amused groups to hear the strange patter of some voluble merchantretailing goods from a barrow.
from the interiors of tiny shops andcellars came eldritch voices crying the nature and remarkable qualitiesof the wares within.
every hand-cart carried a flaring naphtha-lamp,and the glare of these innumerable torches created strong lights andflickering shadows which would have gladdened the heart of rembrandtwere his artistic wraith permitted to roam the by-ways of a city which,perhaps, he never heard of, even in its early dutch guise as newamsterdam.
the lofty tenement houses seemed to be crowded as the streets.
withina square mile of that section of new york a quarter of a million peoplefind habitation, food, and employment.
they supply each other's needs,speak their own weird tongues, and by slow degrees become absorbed bythe great continent which harbors them, and then only when a second orthird generation becomes americanized.
in such a motley throng four prowling stokers, ashore for a night'sspree, attracted scant attention, and morris siegelman's hospitabledoor was reached without incident.
a taxi-cab was standing by thecurb, and the driver, gazing at the living panorama of the street,little guessed that he had changed garments with one of thehalf-drunken firemen two hours earlier.
"here y'are, mattes!"
cried steingall, joyously surveying a printedlegend displayed among the bottles of a dingy bar running along theside of an apartment which had once been the parlor of a pretentioushouse, "this is the right sort o' dope--vodka--same as is supplied tothe czar of all the roossias.
get a pint of vodka into yer gizzardsan' you'll think you've swallowed a lump of red-hot clinker."
clancy hopped on to a high stool, and curled himself up on the roundedseat in the accepted posture of buddha, while devar, who was by way ofbeing a gymnast, stood on his hands and beat a tattoo with his feetagainst the edge of the counter.
not to be outdone, curtis began tosing.
he had a good baritone voice, and entered with zest into the madspirit of the frolic.
the song he chose was redolent of the sea.
itrelated a tar's escapades among witches, cruisers, and girls.
three ofthe latter claimed him at one and the same time--so "what was asailor-boy to do?
yeo-ho, yeo-ho, yeo-ho!"
the chorus decided thepoint:  "why, we went strolling down by the rolling,     down by the rolling sea.
if you can't be true to one or two,    you're much better off with three."
evidently, the roysterers' antics commanded the general approval ofmorris siegelman's patrons, and loud cries of "brava!"
rewarded curtis's lyrical effort.
some thirty people ormore were scattered about the room, mostly in small parties seatedaround marble-topped tables.
beer was the favorite beverage; aminority was eating, the menu being strange and wondrous, and everyonewas smoking cigarettes.
when curtis received his share of thepoisonous decoction so vaunted by steingall, he faced the company,glass in hand, and saw count vassilan seated in a corner close to awindow.
with him were a good-looking italian girl and a youth, and thethree were deep in eager converse, giving no heed to the otherrevelers, but rather taking advantage of the prevalent clatter of talkand drinking utensils to discuss whatever topic it was which proved sointeresting.
steingall's eyes carried a question, and curtis shook his head.
vassilan's male companion bore only the slight resemblance of a kindrednationality to the men who committed the murder, while he differedessentially from the treacherous "anatole."
"i wish your best girl could see you now, john d.," whispered devar,who had just recovered from a violent fit of coughing induced by theraw whisky which siegelman dispensed under the seal of vodka.
curtislaughed at the conceit, which was grotesque in its very essence.
wildand bizarre as his experiences had been that night, none was morewhimsical than this bawling of a ballad in an east broadway saloonwhile posing as a sailor with three sheets in the wind.
"mostly hungarians here," muttered steingall.
"we seem to be in theright place, anyhow."
"let's eat," said clancy suddenly.
reflected in a cracked mirror he had seen a man and two women rise andleave a table in the corner occupied by the count.
he skipped off thestool, and made for the vacant place; the others followed, and curtishad several glasses raised to his honor as he passed through themerry-makers.
clancy noisily summoned a waitress, and ordered four plates ofspaghetti with tomatoes.
he sat with his back to the absorbed partybeneath the window, and apologized with exaggerated politeness when hischair touched that of the italian girl, though his accent, needless tosay, was redolent of the east side.
"they do not come, then?"
he heard vassilan say impatiently.
"p'raps notta to-night," said the girl, "but you sure meet-a dem here,mebbe to-morrow, mebbe de nex' day."
the count tore a leaf from a notebook and scribbled something rapidly.
when he spoke, it was to the hungarian, and in magyar, but it was easyto guess that he was giving earnest directions as to the delivery ofthe note.
"now would be a good time to raise a row if we could manage it,"growled steingall.
curtis was toying with his fourth meal since sunset, and admitted thathe was ready for anything rather than spaghetti à la tomato.
"if there's enough varieties of hungarians and slavs in the street ican start a riot in less than no time," confided devar.
asked the detective.
"this way," and devar began to sing.
he owned a light tenor, clear andmelodious, and the air had a curiously barbaric lilt which, musicallyconsidered, was reminiscent of the gypsies' chorus in "the bohemiangirl."
but the words were couched in a strange tongue, sonorous andfull voweled, and the hungarians in the room became greatly stirredwhen it dawned on them that a semi-intoxicated american stoker waschanting a forbidden national melody.
far better than he knew, hesounded uncharted deeps in human nature.
andrew fletcher of saltounstated an eternal truth when he wrote to the marquis of montrose: "iknow a very wise man that believed that if a man were permitted to makeall the ballads he need not care who should make the laws of a nation."
before devar had finished the first verse people from the street werecrowding in through the open door, and flashing eyes and strangeejaculations showed that the czechs thought they were witnessing amiracle.
as the second verse rang out, vibrant and challenging, themob, eager to share in the interior excitement, rushed the entrance.
many could hear, but few could see, and all were roused to exaltationby a melody the public singing of which would have brought imprisonmentor death in their own land.
"now for it!"
roared steingall, and over went table and crockery with acrash.
of course, this added to the turmoil, and some women in thecafé began to shriek.
not knowing in the least what was causing thecommotion, the crowd surged into that particular corner, and steingall,apparently frenzied, sprang to the window, opened it, and said to countvassilan:"get out, quick!
they'll be knifing you in a minute!"
the italian girl screamed at that, so she was lifted into the safety ofthe street.
vassilan followed, or rather was practically thrown out,and the young hungarian could have climbed after him nimbly enough hadnot curtis insisted on helping him, and, pinioning his arms, forced himhead foremost over the sill, but not so rapidly that steingall shouldbe unable to "go through him" scientifically for the note.
"be off, you two!
take the car and go home!"
it was no time for argument.
both curtis and devar read intosteingall's muttered injunction the belief that the hunt had ended forthe night.
they knew that the detectives could take care ofthemselves, and they had scrambled through the window and made offswiftly in the direction of the waiting automobile before the despoiledhungarian regained his feet.
the hour yet wanted nearly ten minutes ofbeing one o'clock, so the chauffeur had not budged from his post in thepark.
devar told him to start the engine, and be ready to jump offwithout delay.
then they waited, and watched the corner of the squareintersected by east broadway, but neither steingall nor clancyappeared, so they judged it best to obey orders, and make for thepolice headquarters.
there they washed and resumed their own clothes,an operation which consumed another quarter of an hour.
still therewas no sign of the detectives, and they decided, somewhat reluctantly,to do as they had been bidden, and go home.
"what sort of witches' shibboleth was that which you brought off insiegelman's?"
asked curtis, while the car was humming placidly upbroadway.
"oh, that was an inspiration," chuckled devar.
"an inspiration founded on a solid basis of fact.
now, out with it!"
"well, i was a year at heidelberg, you know, and a fellow there told methat one evening, in a café at temesvar, a student kicked up a shindyby singing that song.
in less than a minute an officer had beenstabbed with his own sword, and a policeman shot, and it took asquadron of cavalry to clear the street.
he learnt the blessed ditty,out of sheer curiosity, and i picked it up from him."
"what is it all about?"
"i don't know.
i believe it tells the austrians their real name, but icouldn't translate a line of it to save my life."
curtis leaned back in the car and laughed.
"you are by way of being a genius," he said.
"i have seen a crowd gostark, staring mad because some idiot waved a black flag, but that wasa symbol of the boxer rebellion, and it meant something.
in thisinstance, among people so far away from their own country, one wouldhardly expect----"he broke off suddenly, and leaned forward.
the car had just entered madison square, at the junction of broadwayand fifth avenue, south of 23rd street.
a columbus avenue street-carhad halted to allow traffic to pass, and a gray automobile which wascoming out of fifth avenue had been held up by a policeman stationedthere.
curtis's attention was caught by the color and shape of thevehicle, and in the flood of light cast by the powerful lamps andbrilliant electric devices concentrated on that important crossing, heobtained a vivid glimpse of the chauffeur's face.
"devar," he said, and some electrical quality in his voice startled hismercurial companion, "tell your man to overtake that car and run itinto the sidewalk.
the driver is 'anatole,' and it is our duty to stophim!"
at that instant the policeman signaled the uptown traffic to move on.
devar had the nimble wits of a fox, and the blood which raced in hisveins was volatile as quicksilver.
the same glance which showed himthe gray automobile stealing softly across the network of car-lines ofone of the city's main thoroughfares revealed a roundsman crossing thesquare.
"friend anatole may be heeled," he said.
"let's get help."
leaning out, he shouted to arthur, whose other name was brodie:"pull in alongside the cop.
i want to speak to him."
the chauffeur obeyed, and the policeman turned a questioning eye on thecar, thinking some idiot meant to run him down.
devar had the dooropen in a second.
"have you heard of the murder in 27th street, outside the centralhotel?"
he said, almost bewildering the man by his eager directness.
"of course i have," came the answer, quickly enough.
"well, the car mixed up in it is right ahead.
there it is, making forfifth avenue.
we'll explain as we go."
the roundsman needed no second invitation.
obviously, unless somebrainless young fool was trying to be humorous, there was no time tospare for words.
he sprang inside, and devar cried to the surprisedchauffeur:"follow that gray auto.
don't kill anybody, but hit up the speed untilwe are close behind it, and then i'll tell you what next to do."
little recking what this order really meant, for its true inwardnesswas hidden at the moment from the ken of those far better versed thanhe in the tangle of events, brodie changed gear and touched theaccelerator, and the machine whirred past admiral farragut's statue ata pace which would have caused even doughty "old salamander" to blinkwith astonishment.
while four pairs of eyes were watching the fast moving vehicle infront, curtis gave the policeman a brief resume of the night's doingssince he and devar had gone with steingall to the police headquarters.
there was no need to say much about the actual crime, because the manhad full details, with descriptions of the man-slayers, in his notebook.
he was a shrewd person, too.
his name was mcculloch; his father hademigrated from belfast, and a man of such ancestry seldom takesanything for granted.
"i suppose you are not quite certain, mr. curtis, that the chauffeurdriving that car ahead is the 'anatole' concerned in the death of mr.
but curtis was of a cautious temperament, too.
"no," he said, "that is more than i dare state, even if i had anopportunity to look at him closely.
as it is, i merely received what imay term 'an impression' of him.
that, together with the markedsimilarity of the car to the one i saw outside the hotel, seems tooffer reasonable ground for inquiry at any rate."
"did you notice the number of this car?"
"no, not exactly.
i believe it differs from that which i undoubtedlydid see and put on record."
"of course, the plate must have been changed or he would never venturein this locality again.
if you are right, sir, the fellow must possessa mighty cool nerve, because he is just passing 27th street, within afew yards of the hotel."
somehow, the fact had escaped curtis's remembrance; excellent thoughhis topographical sense might be, he was still sufficient of a strangerin new york not to appreciate the bearings of particular localitieswith the prompt discrimination necessarily displayed by the policeman.
during the succeeding few seconds none of the occupants of thelimousine spoke.
devar was kneeling on one of the front seats, and theroundsman, who had removed his uniform hat to avoid attracting noticewhen a lamp shone directly into the interior, quietly took stock of themen who had so unceremoniously called him off his tour of inspection.
evidently he satisfied himself that he was not being dragged into awild-goose chase.
their tense manner could hardly have been assumed:they were in desperate and deadly earnest; so he thanked the starswhich had brought him into active connection with an important crime,and gave his mind strictly to the business in hand.
several knottypoints demanded careful if speedy decision.
the chased automobilemight prove to be an innocent vehicle, driven by a chauffeur abovesuspicion, and if its owner appeared in the guise of some highlyinfluential person he, the roundsman, might be called to sharp accountfor exceeding his duty in making an arrest, or, if he stopped short ofthat extreme course, in conducting an offensive inquiry.
brodie took his instructions literally, and the distance between thetwo cars was diminishing sensibly.
it seemed, too, as though thedriver of the gray car slackened pace after passing 27th street,although fifth avenue was fairly clear of traffic, which, such as itwas, consisted mainly of motors going uptown--that is to say, in thesame direction as pursued and pursuer.
at 34th street came a check.
a cross-town street-car caused the grayautomobile to swerve rapidly in order to avoid a collision, and brodie,a methodical person of law-abiding instincts, lost nearly fifty yardsin allowing the streetcar to pass.
"whoever he may be, he is not going to make any unnecessary stops,"commented the roundsman, fully alive to the significance of theincident, since ninety-nine drivers out of a hundred would have appliedthe brake and allowed the heavy public conveyance to get out of the way.
"unless the hungarian assassins of new york are bang up-to-date in thebenzine part of their stock-in-trade, our car will make good in thenext two blocks," said devar, over his shoulder.
and, indeed, it almost appeared that brodie had heard what was said.
he bent forward slightly, touched a few taps with skilled fingers,squared his shoulders, and set about the race with the air of a man whothought it had lasted long enough.
nearing 42nd street, he had reduced the gap to little more than twicethe length of the car, and the three men saw the number plate clearly.
not only did the number differ, but it was of another series.
"that's a new jersey car," announced the policeman.
"it may be a new jersey number," curtis corrected him, "but i stillretain my belief that we are following the right man and the right car."
just then no less than four cross-town electric cars loomed into sight,and completely blocked the avenue at its intersection with 42nd street.
the gray automobile had to pull up very quickly, and brodie wascompelled to execute a neat half-turn to clear the rear wheels.
in theresult, both cars halted side by side, but curtis found himself justshort of a position whence he could obtain a second look at thesuspected man.
the policeman had bent low in his seat, lest his uniform should beseen, but he, like his companions, gave a sharp glance into theinterior of the other car.
it was empty.
he was seated on the near side, however, and he noticed that the lowerpanel behind the door had been cleaned since the remainder of thepaint-work was touched, and the step bore signs of a recent washing.
devar lowered one of the front sashes a couple of inches.
"don't look round, arthur," he said in a low tone, "and don't take anynotice of the chauffeur, but creep forward a foot or two, and then lethim go ahead again."
brodie sat like a sphinx, and apparently did nothing, yet the carmoved.
sacrificing himself, roundsman mcculloch fell back into hiscorner, and left the window clear for curtis.
he inquired, and, surfeited though he might be with new yorksensations, the others were conscious of just a hint of excitement inhis voice.
"that is anatole, i am nearly sure," said curtis.
"why not jump out and grab him now?"
"do you gentlemen mind following him for a time?"
asked the policeman.
"no, i'm game for anything.
and you, curtis?"
"oh, i feel ready to start the night all over again."
the street-cars went on, and the gray automobile darted through thefirst possible opening.
"you see, it is this way," explained the official.
"i am prepared toarrest the man on mr. curtis's evidence, because i couldn't have bettertestimony than that of the chief witness.
but i've been chewing onthis thing for the past few minutes, and it strikes me that we gainnothing by acting in a hurry.
you may be sure that this fellow, evenif he is the person we want, will deny it, and a day or two may be lostin proving his identity, or collecting facts which would support thetheory that he was the chauffeur connected with the crime.
now, if welet him go on, we shall certainly have a better hold over him.
we'llfind out his destination--perhaps secure a very useful address, or,with real luck, discover that he is keeping a fixture with some otherindividual."
"in a word, we must watch and pray," said devar.
"well, we can wait and see, anyhow," said the practical mindedmcculloch.
his counsel sounded good, and the others agreed with him, therebyletting themselves and the patient brodie in for some remarkabledevelopments in a pursuit which began by a simple coincidence and wasdestined to end in a manner which none of them dreamed of.
devar opened the window again.
"arthur," he said, "did you happen to notice whether or not that fellowis carrying a reflector?"
he has one.
i saw him looking into it when i drewalongside."
"ah, that puts a different complexion on the affair, as the young mansaid when he kissed his best girl and tasted somebody's beauty powder.
don't press, arthur.
just keep him in sight till i consult the law."
as the outcome of a hurried discussion, brodie received a freshmandate.
during the straightaway run he was not to approach the graycar nearer than sixty yards or thereabouts--in effect, remaining withinthe same block if possible, but, if the gray car stopped in front ofany dwelling, he was to slacken speed and pass it, taking the middle ofthe road, and holding himself in instant readiness to halt or turn asdirected.
"by the way, how are you fixed for petrol?"
"i filled the tanks, sir, before leaving the garage.
we're good forthe trip to albany and back."
brodie's tone was quite cheerful.
he, too, had been reviewing thesituation, and the presence of a uniformed policeman had dispelled thelast shred of suspicion that some stupid joke had been worked offoutside the police headquarters when a fearsome looking tough wasintroduced to him as the chief of the new york detective bureau.
devar was about to congratulate the roundsman on the prospect of anall-night journey if brodie's chance phrase were fated to come true,when he glanced at curtis, and elected to remain silent.
they werepassing the plaza hotel, and his friend was peering up at its squarewhite bulk.
obviously, he was striving to locate hermione's room.
most probably he failed, for it is no easy matter to pick out thewindows of any particular set of rooms in a huge building while rushingalong at twenty-five or more miles an hour.
further, it was now pastone o'clock in the morning, and most respectable people were in bed, sothe solemn mass of the hotel was enlivened by very few rectangles oflight.
but curtis fancied, as did devar also, that the illuminated blinds ofthree windows on the second floor might possibly be those of suite f.,and each wondered, if the surmise were correct, why her ladyship wasremaining up so late.
devar resolved to say nothing, but curtis felt that he must talk, ifonly for the sake of hearing his own voice.
usually a man of taciturnhabit, the outcome of long vigils among an alien and often hostile racein a semi-civilized land, he had gone through so much during the fiveand a half hours which had unfolded their marvels since he quitted thedining-room of the central hotel, that he ached for human sympathy,even in a trivial matter of this sort.
"i thought i saw a light in my wife's rooms," he said.
"as you mention it, so did i," agreed devar.
"i hope she is not awaiting my return?"
"perhaps she is anxious about you?"
"women are given that way.
she knows you went out with steingall, andhe is a dangerous character."
"is mrs. curtis staying in the plaza?"
asked the puzzled mcculloch.
"but i thought you occupied a room at the central hotel in 27th street?"
"i did, but i got married at half-past eight, and we went to the plaza."
"married at half-past eight--just after the murder!"
the policeman'swords formed a crescendo of sheer surprise.
for some indefinablereason this curious conjunction of a crime and a wedding went beyondhis comprehension.
"yes, it happened so.
it might have been avoided, yet, looking backnow over the whole of the circumstances, it would appear that i havefollowed a beaten track inevitable as death."
of course, the roundsman could not grasp the somber thought underlyingcurtis's words, but a species of indeterminate suspicion prompted hisnext question.
"you came from the plaza with mr. steingall, i believe, sir?"
we were having supper there, with mr. devar and my uncle andaunt, when mr. clancy rang him up on the telephone, and he invited usto accompany him to the police headquarters.
the rest you know."
certainly, the explanation sounded quite satisfactory.
the attitude ofthese two young men and their chauffeur was perfectly correct, and thepoliceman's views had been strengthened materially by the tell-taletokens he had noted on the gray car, which, however, he had not thoughtfit to mention.
if steingall had attended the supper in the plaza hemust have convinced himself that there was nothing unusual, or, at anyrate, doubtful, about the queer fact that a man who was mixed up in aremarkable murder should have gone straight from the scene of thetragedy and got married.
just to dispel a little of the mist that befogged his brain, he waiteda while and then said:"which side of the car was opposite the doorway when those two menattacked mr.
the car had entered the street from broadway."
"why do you ask?"
inquired devar, instantly alive to the queerness ofthis alteration of topics.
"my mind went back to the job we have in hand," said the roundsmanreadily.
"i was wondering just what sort of glimpse mr. curtisobtained of the chauffeur.
of course, i see now that he was looking atthe man exactly under similar conditions when we made that stop at 42ndstreet."
thus, unknown to either of the parties to the alliance, a minor crisiswas averted, because it may safely be conceded that the hard-headedpoliceman would have refused then and there to accept any sort ofstatement from such a lunatic as john delancy curtis, if he were givena full, true, and particular account of the night's proceedings whilebeing whirled up fifth avenue in a fast moving automobile.
romance, if it is to be accepted without question, requires the settingof a comfortable armchair or tree-shaded nook in a summer garden.
there, forgetting and forgotten by the world, man or maid may indeed becarried far on the magic carpet of tangu, but, when served out by twostrangers to a prosaic policeman seated in a humming car, and boundheaven knew whither long after midnight, it is apt to savor of the moonand witchcraft.
away up the straight vista of fifth avenue sped the two cars.
on theleft lay the black solitude of central park, on the right the variedarchitecture of new york's millionaire dwellings.
devar and the policeman talked cheerfully enough, but curtis waswrapped in his own musings till the rear lamp of the gray car suddenlycurved to the left and vanished.
"he has turned into the parkway at 110th street," said mcculloch, andcurtis awoke with a start to a sense of his surroundings.
"i suppose he's making for st. nicholas avenue," went on the roundsman.
demanded curtis, whose recollections of map-study would havereminded him, in other conditions, that the avenue named by mccullochis one of the few which slant across the city's rectangles.
"well, sir, it's only a guess, but st. nicholas avenue is a short cutto washington heights, and cars often follow that route.
yes, there hegoes!"
for an instant they caught a fleeting glimpse of lenox avenue, whichruns parallel with fifth, and then they were bowling along st. nicholasavenue.
after a half-mile or less, they crossed eighth avenue at anacute angle, but the gray car kept steadily on, and soon was skirtingst. nicholas park.
thenceforth another mile and a half counted as little until the flyingautomobile gained the harlem river speedway.
here the pace improved.
there was practically no traffic to interfere with progress now, andbrodie had to maintain an equable rate of forty miles an hour in orderto keep within sight of his quarry.
at last, by way of nagle and amsterdam avenues, they regained broadwayitself, at the point where its many sinuosities end at the bridges overthe harlem river and spuyten creek.
by this time, mcculloch was undeniably anxious.
many a mile separatedhim from the busy activities of madison square and its surroundings,and the main roads of the state of new york were opening up theirpossibilities.
still, he was of scotch-irish stock, and even the mostardent nationalist would be slow to maintain that the men from beyondthe boyne are what is popularly and tersely described as "quitters."
"i'd be better pleased if i had any sort of notion where that joker washeading for," he said, with a grim smile.
"i didn't count on taking ajoy-ride at this hour of the morning."
that was his sole concession to outraged official decorum.
he accepteda cigar, and forthwith resigned himself to the exigencies of the chase,which lay not with him but with the dark and devious purposes of thesinister anatole.
the end, however, was nearer than any of them was now inclined toimagine.
a rapid run along the main road through yonkers brought themto hastings and the bank of the hudson river.
the comparatively levelgrades of new york were replaced by hilly ground, and if they wouldavoid courting observation beyond any doubt of error it was essentialthat the gray car should be allowed greater latitude.
in fact, it wasalmost demonstrable that an alert criminal like the man they werepursuing--if he really were the ally of hunter's slayers--could hardlyhave failed to realize much earlier that he was being followed.
moreover, being an expert motorist, he would know that the car in therear could not only hold him in the race but close up with him wheneverits occupants were so minded.
he would not be lulled into falsesecurity by the present widening of the gap, because that was anobvious maneuver due to altered circumstances.
in a word, there wasnow no hope or prospect of running him to earth at a rendezvous, but,giving him credit for the possession and use of a criminal's brains, itbecame an urgent matter to overtake him and compel a halt bydeliberately blocking the way.
they debated the point fully, and devar was about to tell brodie to actwhen the gray car disappeared.
not wishing to interfere at a critical moment, devar drew back from thewindow.
brodie spurted down a hill and along a short level lined withsuburban villas; he slowed to take a sharp corner, and the car ranalong a winding lane which could lead nowhere but to the water's edge.
it was pitch dark, and a mist from the hudson filled the valley.
common sense urged a careful pace, because it had never been possibleto stop and adjust the powerful headlights, while the luminous haze ofan occasional street lamp served only to reveal the narrowness of theroad and the presence of shacks and warehouses.
the descent was fairly steep, so brodie shut off the engine, and thebig car crept on with a stealthy and noiseless rapidity which seemed tobetoken an actual sense of danger.
suddenly they heard a loud splash, accompanied by a muffled explosion,and mcculloch relieved his feelings by a few words, the use of which isexpressly forbidden by the police manual.
but their purport wasridiculously clear; the gray car had plunged into the hudson, and whocould tell whether or not anatole had gone with it?
curtis was thefirst to adopt a definite line of reasoning: he assumed command nowwith the confidence of one accustomed to be in tight places and todepend on his own wits for extrication.
"go forward slowly until the buildings stop, brodie," he said, for thetwo front windows were lowered, and the three men were crowded at them.
"that fellow knew exactly where he was going.
when you pull up, lightthe acetylene lamps, and we will take the other pair and search thewharf from which that car was shot into the stream."
within a few yards the brakes went on with a jerk, and a tall craneloomed up vaguely in front.
all four men sprang to the ground, andwhile the chauffeur busied himself with the big lamps curtis and devardisconnected the smaller ones.
they found themselves standing on a wooden quay, evidently used for thetrans-shipment of building materials, and a quick scrutiny showed thatthe lane supplied the only practicable means of egress.
some gauntsheds blocked one end of the wharf and piles of dressed stone cumberedthe other.
the tiny wavelets of the river murmured and gurgled amidthe heavy piles which shored up the landing-place, and devar's sharpeyes soon detected a corner of the gray-colored limousine round which aripple had formed.
in all probability the heated cylinders had burstwhen the water rushed in, and the explosion had tilted the chassis,else the river, necessarily deep by the side of the quay, would haveconcealed the wreckage completely.
from out of the mist came a white glare.
brodie had set the lampsgoing, and now the square section of the submerged car becamedistinctly visible.
a little to one side a barge was moored, and thepoliceman, who had produced a serviceable looking revolver, determinedto search it.
a plank spanned the foot or so of interstice between the quay and therough deck, and, in the flurry of the moment, the three men crossedwithout warning the chauffeur as to their movements.
the squat crafthad an open well amidships, but there were two covered-in ends, andmcculloch, taking one of the lamps, peered down into the nearesthatchway.
"if anyone is below there, speak," he said, "or i give you warning thati shall shoot at sight."
there was no answer; he knelt down, lowered the lamp, and peered inside.
"now for the other one."
he repeated the same tactics, but the cavity revealed no lurking formwithin.
naturally, his companions were absorbed in mcculloch'sactions, because they knew that any instant a blinding sheet of flamemight leap out of the darkness and a bullet send him prostrate andwrithing.
of the three, curtis was most inured to an environment thatwas unusual and weird, and he it was who first noticed that the bargewas altering its position with regard to the white discs of light whichthe lamps of the automobile formed in the mist, and a splash caused bythe falling plank confirmed his frenzied doubt.
one glance showed what had happened.
already they were ten or twelvefeet from the quay, which stood fully two feet above the deck of thebarge.
even while the fantastic notion flashed through his mind, ashoreward jump barely achievable by a first-rate athlete became a sheerimpossibility.
he cried, almost laughing with vexation.
"the barge hasbeen cast off from her moorings!"
devar and mcculloch greeted the discovery with appropriate remarks, butthe situation called for deeds rather than words.
the cumbrous craftwas swinging gayly out into the stream, displaying a light-heartedenergy and ease of motion which would certainly not have beenforthcoming had it been the object of her unwilling crew to get herunder way.
the whereabouts of brodie and the automobile were still vaguelydiscernible by two fast converging luminous circles now some twentyyards distant, and the fact was painfully borne in on them that inanother few seconds this landmark would be swallowed in a sea of mistand swirling waters.
curtis, accustomed to the vagaries of chinese junks in the swiftcurrents of the yang-tse-kiang, adopted the only measures whichpromised any degree of success.
he ran to the helm, which had beenlashed on the starboard side to keep it from fouling any submergedpiles near the bank.
casting it loose, he put it hard a-port, andshouted to the policeman and devar to bring a couple of boards from thefloor of the well, and use them to sheer in the hulk to the bank.
the night was pitch dark, the mist fell on them like an impenetrableveil, and the wooded heights which dominated both banks of the riverprevented any ray of light from coming to their assistance.
still,they had two lamps, which at least enabled them to see each other, andcurtis could judge with reasonable accuracy of the direction they weretaking by the set of the stream.
they seemed to have been toiling aweary time before the helmsman fancied he could see something loomingout of the void.
he believed that, however slowly, they were surelyforging inshore again, and was about to ask devar to abandon hisvaliant efforts to convert a long plank into a paddle and go forward inorder to keep a lookout, when the barge crashed heavily into the sternof a ship of some sort, and simultaneously bumped into a wharf.
thenoise was terrific, coming so unexpectedly out of the silence, andtheir argosy careened dangerously under some obstruction forward.
no orders were needed now.
they scrambled ashore, abandoning one ofthe lamps in their desperate hurry, and the policeman instantlyextinguished the light of the other by pressing the glass closely tohis breast when a rumble of curses heralded the coming on deck of twomen who had been aroused from sleep on board the vessel by thethunderous onset of the colliding barge.
few men or women of sympathetic nature, and gifted with ordinary powersof observation, can go through life without learning, at some time orother in the course of their careers, that circumstances wholly beyondhuman control can display on occasion a fiendish faculty of convertingpatent honesty into apparent dishonesty--and that which is true ofmotive holds equally good in the case of conduct.
the three men standing breathless and unmoved on some unknown wharf onthe left bank of the hudson might fairly be described as superlativelyhonest persons, nor had they done any act which could be construed aswrongful by the most captious critic; yet mcculloch's concealment ofthe lamp suggested something thievish and illicit, and, though he alonecould give a valid reason for exercising extreme discretion, because herealized, better than the others, what a choice morsel this adventurewould supply to the press if ever it became known, both curtis anddevar listened like himself with bated breath to the oaths andejaculations which came from the after part of the moored vessel.
cried one of the startled crew.
"see what's butted intous--the divvle's own battherin'-ram av a scow, an' wid an ilegantlanthern shtuck on her mangy hide, if ye plaze."
a ship's lamp bobbed up and down in the gloom, and another voice saidgruffly:"mighty good job we had those fenders out, or she would have knocked ahole in us.
she seems to be wedged in good and hard under our mooringrope; but shin over, pat, an' make her fast.
somebody owns the brute,an' there'll be damages to pay for this, an' p'raps salvage as well."
the irishman dropped down into the barge.
the silent trio on the quayheard him walking to the lamp, and saw its dull orb of radiance liftedfrom the deck.
"begob, but this is a bit of a fairy tale," came the comment.
"here isnone o' yer tin-cint standard ile prapositions, but a rale dandy uv alamp, fit for a lady's cabin on vandherbilt's yacht.
an', for the luvo' hiven, look at the make uv it, wid a handle where the bottom oughtto be, an' all polished up like the pewther in casey's saloon."
"oh, get a move on, pat, an' tie her up," said the other voice.
"it'sthe lord knows what o'clock, an' we've a long day before us to-morrow."
the lamp moved astern, and the irishman investigated matters further.
"there's bin black wur-rk here, george," he shouted.
"the moorin' ropenivver bruk.
it was cut."
a sharp hiss of breath between mcculloch's teeth betrayed the stress ofhis emotions.
to think that he, a smart roundsman of the broadwaysquad, should have been bested so thoroughly by a miserable alienchauffeur!
the man had merely slipped over the edge of the quay, andclung like a limpet to the rough baulks of timber which faced it; whenhis pursuers were safely disposed of on board the barge, one cut of asharp knife had sent them adrift by the stern, while the forward rope,released of any strain, had probably uncoiled itself from a stanchionwith the diabolical ingenuity which inanimate objects can display atunlooked-for moments.
"fling a coil uv line here," continued the speaker.
"this fag ind isno good, at all at all."
the thud of a falling rope, and various grunts and comments from theirishman, showed that the barge was being secured.
still the threewaited.
the primary display of secrecy, the instinct to remain unseen,had passed, but there was nothing to be gained by entering into a longand difficult explanation with the ship's hands, while it would be asimple matter to recoup the owner of the barge for any charge whichmight be levied on him for injury to the vessel, provided the liabilityrested with him and not with others.
swearing and grumbling, pat stumbled along the quay, carrying the lamp.
he passed within a few feet of the motionless group, and soon theyheard him and his mate descending the companionway to their bunks.
"now for a light," said the policeman, "and let's get out of this!"
taking heed not to turn the lamp toward the ship, lest their movementsshould be overheard and a head pop up out of the hatch, he led the wayquietly to the rear of the wharf.
a rough road climbed the hill to theleft, and, as this direction offered the only probable means ofregaining the car, they took it.
after a long climb they reached a better road, which ultimately broughtthem into a main thoroughfare.
then curtis bethought him of looking athis watch, and was astonished to find that the hour was half-past twoo'clock.
"we must have consumed fully half an hour overthat trip.
i wonder whether your man has waited, devar; or would hegive us up as lost, and go home?"
arthur return alone, and tell my aunt that the last he saw ofme i was adrift on the hudson river in a barge with a policeman and aswashbuckler from pekin?
"i hope you are right, sir," said mcculloch.
"even when we reach newyork i must trouble you two gentlemen to come to the station-house andreport the whole affair, as i was due there an hour ago, and the entireprecinct will have been scoured for news of me by this time."
devar laughed loudly.
"i don't want to alarm you, mcculloch--not that you are of the neurotichabit, judging by the way you took a chance of having a hole boredthrough you while searching that blessed barge--but if you believe youcan frame a cut-and-dried programme during the time you have retainedjohn d. curtis's services as guide, philosopher, and friend, you arehugging a delusion.
i started out from a happy home last eveningintending to pick up a friendless stranger and show him the orthodoxsights of new york.
look at me now!
i missed john d. by afew minutes, but found myself gaping with the crowd at the scene of amurder in which he had figured heavily.
since then i have helped tobreak open hotel doors, discovered a villain tied and gagged by othervillains, stood on my head in morris siegelman's joint, started a riotin east broadway, helped a detective to commit a larceny, cheeked abritish lord, and scoffed at a hungarian prince, to say nothing of thepresent racket.
so don't you go making plans for the night yet awhile, mcculloch, because john d. will keep you busy without any callfor you exercising your brain cells in that respect."
the roundsman did not try to grasp the inner significance of thisrigmarole.
he was unfeignedly glad to have escaped from an awkwardpredicament.
"anyhow," he said briefly, "if it comes to the worst i can ring up mycaptain from the nearest station-house, and at least he will know wherei am."
"don't be too sure of that, either.
suppose you had 'phoned yourcaptain before you went on board the barge, would he be any the wisernow?
just to prove the exceeding wisdom of my remarks, do you knowwhere you are at the present moment?
because _i_ don't."
the policeman stopped short, and gazed ahead with a new anxiety.
themist was thinner here, and pin-points of light from a row of lampsshowed in a straight line for a considerable distance.
for an instantthere was an embarrassed pause, because all three failed to remembercovering any similar stretch of level road after descending the hilland turning into the lane leading to the hudson.
"did you notice a few minutes since that a low wall bounded the road onboth sides?"
said curtis, breaking a somewhat strained silence.
yes, each had seen it.
"well, i am inclined to believe," he went on, "that that wall formedpart of an accommodation bridge, under which the car passed in the darkwithout our being aware of it.
indeed, i feel confident that if weturn back along this main road, we shall meet our lane on the right,and about three hundred yards from this very point."
they agreed to make the experiment, and devar grinned broadly when thelane presented itself exactly as curtis had predicted.
"what did i tell you?"
he cackled to the roundsman.
"john d. is achinese necromancer.
i'm getting used to his tricks, and you willcatch the habit in another hour or two.
by four o'clock you won't bethe least bit surprised if you find yourself flying across the newjersey flats in an aeroplane, or having a cup of hot coffee on boardthe pilot steamer off sandy hook."
"i'll risk either of those unlikely things, sir, if we find your carwhere we left it," they stepped out briskly.
when all was said anddone, none of the three wished to be stranded in some unknown byway ofwestchester county at that ungodly hour, and their relief was greatwhen the stark outline of the crane became visible in an otherwiseimpenetrable wall of darkness.
the car is here all right," crowed devar joyously.
in the next few strides the automobile came in sight, the blaze of itsheadlights casting a cheerful glow over the wharf.
brodie was standingwhere the barge had been moored, and gazing blankly at the river; heturned when he heard their footsteps, and ran quickly to the car.
"it's o. k., arthur," cried devar, realizing that the chauffeur mightbe dreading an attack from the rear, "little willie has returned, andwon't go boating again in a derelict barge at two o'clock in themorning if he can help it."
"oh, it's you, sir!"
came the answer in a tone of vast relief.
"my,but i'm glad to see you!
i didn't know what to do.
i thought you weresafe enough, because i heard your voices as you drifted away, and ifancied you might make the shore again lower down, but it seemed to bea hopeless job to go in search of you, so, after things had calmed downa bit, i decided to stop right here."
after the first gasp of excitement, there had crept into the placidbrodie's voice a note of quiet jubilation which hinted at developments.
"did anything happen after we sailed away?"
"did you see anyone?"
demanded the policeman.
"things were quiet as the grave for quite a time after you gentlemendisappeared," said brodie, speaking with the unctuous slowness of a manwho has been vouchsafed the opportunity of his life and has grabbed itwith both hands.
"something _did_ occur, then?"
put in devar impatiently.
"nothing to speak of, sir--at first," came the irritating answer.
"iwatched you go on board the barge, and i noticed her edging out intothe river, and it was easy enough to know that none of you had cast heroff, because what you said showed that you were even more surprisedthan i was.
so, sez i to meself, 'arthur, me boy, barges don't untiethemselves from wharves in that casual sort of way, and at just theright minute, too, for anyone who wanted to dispose of a cop,' beggingyour pardon, mr. policeman, but that was the line of argument i hadwith meself."
"try the accelerator, arthur," groaned devar.
"if ever i meet with a bit of an accident, sir, i always pull up andplan the wheel-marks; i carry a tape for the purpose, and it saves alot of hard swearing in court afterwards."
brodie spoke seriously, anddevar vowed that he would interrupt no more, since he merely succeededin stimulating the man's torpid wits.
even now, the chauffeur waited to allow his philosophy to sink intominds which might prove unreceptive.
finding that there was nolikelihood of debate, he went on:"it struck me, too, that a feller who didn't hesitate about shoving agood car into a river must be a rank tough, the kind of character whowould jump at the chance of plugging me with a bullet, or two, for thatmatter, and hiking off with the car, without anybody being the wiser,so i nipped out from behind the wheel, and, taking care to keep awayfrom the light, crept in behind that pile of rock there," and he noddedto the mass of dressed stone which filled one end of the wharf.
he waited, as though to make sure that they appreciated hisgeneralship.
devar's teeth grated, and mcculloch stirred uneasily, butno one spoke.
"you'll notice that it is only a few feet away," he said, measuring thedistance with a thoughtful eye, "but, to make sure of reaching anybodywho might try to monkey with the car, i groped around until i had foundtwo half bricks.
then i waited.
by that time, which was really lessthan it takes me to tell you about it, there wasn't a sound to be heardbut the lapping of the river.
the last thing i heard you say, mr.howard, was----""i used language which no self-respecting chauffeur could possiblyrepeat," broke in devar despairingly.
"that's as may be, sir.
circumstances alter cases, as you will seebefore i've done.
well, i listened to the river, which resemblednothing in all the world so much as the sobbing of a child, but no onestirred for such a time that i began to feel stiff, and i was thinkingthat i might be acting like a fool for my pains when a head popped upover the edge of the wharf."
obviously, this sentence demanded a dramatic pause, and brodie knew hisbusiness.
perhaps he expected cries of horror from his audience, butnone was forthcoming, so, with a sigh, he continued:"that cured the stiffness, gentlemen, i can assure you.
i balanced oneof the half bricks in my left hand--i'm a left-handed man in manythings--and watched the head, while it was easy to see that the headwatched the car.
'now,' sez i to meself, 'that's the whelp whomistreated a car which had served him well, and he's reckoning in hisown mind that my car would suit his needs just as well as the one hehas lost.'
i do believe i read that man's mind correctly.
he mighthave said out loud: 'that party of sports were muts.
they're allaboard the hudson river liner, chauffeur and all.'
i beg your pardon,gentlemen, if i have put it awkwardly, but i am sort of feeling my waytowards the feller's sentiments, groping in the dark, as you might say."
notwithstanding his effort at self-restraint, devar felt that he mustspeak or explode.
"go right ahead, arthur," he said.
"explain the position thoroughly.
the fog is lifting, and we have heaps of time before sunrise."
"the whole affair is a mighty queer business, sir," said brodieseriously.
"the roundsman here will tell you how careful one has to bein such matters.
i have had a law-case or two in my time, and themlawyers turn you inside out if you begin romancing.
for instance, whati've just told you isn't evidence.
the man said nothing; neither didi.  we played a fine game of cat and mouse, only it happened that i wasthe cat.
well, it is getting late, so i'll get on with thestory.
the head didn't budge for quite a while, but at last it made amove, and soon the identical chauffeur who hit up the pace from 23rdstreet climbed on to the wharf and dodged in behind the crane.
he hadsomething in his right hand, too, that i didn't like the look of, so igripped my chunk of brick mighty hard.
this time he didn't wait solong, but crept forward like a stage murderer, peeping this way andthat, but making for the car.
once he looked straight at where i wascrouching, and i was scared stiff, because a brick ain't any fair matchfor one of them new-fangled pistols at six yards or so; but i guess hewas a bit nervy himself, and he didn't make out anything unusual in mydirection.
then he dodged right round the car to the back, andreturned on the side nearest to me.
i suppose he reckoned all was safeby that time, so he took hold of the crank and began to start theengine.
'now or never!'
says i to meself, so up i gets, and my kneejoints cracked like--well, they cracked so loud that only the turningof the crank stopped him from hearing them.
with that, i let drivewith the half brick, and caught him square in the small of the back.
down he went with a yell, and me on top of him.
i had the second halfbrick ready to batter his skull in if he showed fight, but the firstone had laid him out sufficient for my purpose, which was to get holdof this."
brodie's hand dived into a pocket, and he produced a particularlyvicious looking automatic pistol.
then mcculloch said imperatively:"you've got him.
where is he?"
brodie was really an artist.
some men would have smirked with triumph,but he merely jerked a thumb casually toward the automobile:"in there!"
the policeman ran to a door and wrenched it open.
he turned the raysof the lamp which he still held in his hand on to a figure, lyingkneeling on the floor in an extraordinary attitude.
from a white facea pair of gleaming eyes met his in a glance of hate and fear, but nowords came from the thin lips set in a line, and a moment's scrutinyshowed that the captive was bound hand and foot.
indeed, hands andfeet were fastened together with a stout cord, which had been passedaround the man's neck subsequently, so that he was in some danger ofsuffocation if he endeavored to wriggle loose, or even straighten hisback, which was bent over his heels.
"he's all right," said brodie, who had strolled leisurely after theothers.
"i told him i was taking no chances, and was compelled to makehim uncomfortable, but that he wouldn't choke if he kept quiet.
ofcourse, he has had a rather trying wait, but i couldn't help that,could i?"
"we give you best," growled mcculloch.
"did you stiffen him with thehalf brick, then, that you were able to hunt around for a rope?"
"that helped some, but i also remarked that, if he moved, this toy ofhis would surely go off by accident, and he seemed to think it mighthurt."
mcculloch held the lamp close to the livid, twisted face.
"is this anatole?"
he said suddenly.
"yes," said curtis, with instant appreciation of his adroitness.
they were rewarded by the scowl which convulsed the mask-like face, andterror set its unmistakable seal there.
a harsh metallic voice camefrom the huddled-up form.
"cut this d--d rope, and let me stand on my feet!"
"there's no special hurry," said the policeman coolly.
"we won'tobject to making things more pleasant for you if you promise to take usstraight to your hungarian friends."
again that wave of dread which betokens the quailing heart of thedetected felon swept over the man's features, but he only swore again,and protested that they had no right to torture him.
mcculloch saw that he had to deal with a hardened criminal, from whomno conscience stricken confession would be forthcoming.
he gave thelamp to curtis, stooped, and lifted the prisoner out on to the ground.
untying the rope, except at the man's ankles, he brought the listlesshands in front, and placed a pair of handcuffs on the wrists.
"now," he said, "if you have any sense left, you'll keep quiet andenjoy the ride back to new york."
"why am i arrested?
i have a right to know?"
the words were yelped athim rather than spoken.
"all in good time, anatole.
you'll have everything explained to youfair and square."
"that is not my name.
that's a frenchman's name."
"it fitted you all right in 27th street a few hours ago."
"i was not there.
i can prove it."
"of course you can.
you'd be a poor sort of crook if you couldn't.
but what's this?"
the roundsman had found some letters and a pocketbookin an inner pocket of the chauffeur's closely buttoned jacket--"m.anatole labergerie, care of morris siegelman, saloon-keeper, eastbroadway, n. y.," he said.
"you know someone named anatole, anyhow, sowe are warm, as the kids say," he went on sarcastically.
"i say nothing.
i admit nothing.
i demand the presence of a lawyer,"was the defiant reply.
"you'll see a heap of lawyers before the state of new york has nofurther use for you.
now, i'll take you to a nice, quiet hotel for thenight.
in with you.
mind the step.
let me give you a friendlyhand.
no, that seat, if you please, close up in the corner.
i'll go next.
mr. curtis, you don't object to being squeezed a little,i'm sure, though the three of us will crowd the back seat, and if thegentleman who says nothing and admits nothing will only change hismind, and tell us exactly how he has spent a rather exciting evening,the story will help pass the journey quite pleasantly."
but anatole labergerie, whose accent was that of a frenchman with avery complete knowledge of english, had evidently determined on apolicy of silence, and no word crossed his lips during the greater partof the long run to the police station-house in 30th street, in whichprecinct, the 23rd, the murder had occurred, and to which mcculloch wasattached.
his presence in the car acted as an effectual damper on conversation inso far as curtis and devar were concerned.
if their suspicions werejustified, he was a principal in an atrocious crime, and merepropinquity with such a wretch induced a feeling of loathing comparableonly with that shrinking from physical contact to which mankind yieldswhen confronted with leprosy in its final forbidding form.
but mcculloch was jubilant.
he regarded his prisoner with the almostfriendly interest taken in his quarry by the slayer of wild beasts towhose rifle has fallen some peculiarly rare and dangerous "specimen."
he enlivened the road with anecdotes of famous criminals, and eachstory invariably concluded with a facetious reference to the "chair" ora "lifer."
once or twice he gave details of the breaking up of somenotorious gang owing to information extracted from one of its minormembers, who, in consequence, either escaped punishment or received alight sentence; but the captive remained mute and apparentlyindifferent, whereupon curtis, who had been revolving in his mindcertain elements in a singularly complex mystery, broke fresh ground bysaying:"the strangest feature of this affair is probably unknown to you, mr.mcculloch.
to all intents and purposes, the men who killed thejournalist were acting in concert with a frenchman named jean decourtois, and their common object was to prevent a marriage arrangedfor last night.
yet this same de courtois was found gagged and boundin his room at the central hotel shortly before midnight.
someone hadmaltreated him badly, and the wonder is he was not killed outright."
now, the roundsman, wedged close against the prisoner, felt the mangive an almost unconscious and quite involuntary start when de courtoiswas mentioned, and there could be no question that he was straining hisears to catch each syllable curtis uttered.
nudging the latter, mcculloch said:"so it was a near thing that two weddings were not interfered with lastnight, sir?"
"no, not two, only one.
i married the lady."
the policeman's undoubted bewilderment was convincingly genuine, but,despite his surprise, he was alert to catch the slightest move or signof emotion on the part of the captive.
"yes," said curtis.
"i married her before half-past eight."
"then you must have possessed some knowledge of the parties mixed up inthis business?"
"no, not in the sense you have in mind.
i cannot supply fullparticulars now, but you will learn them in due course.
the point iwish to emphasize is this--poor mr. hunter's death was absolutelyneedless.
i imagine he only came into connection with the intrigue byexercising the journalistic instinct to obtain exclusive details of asensational news item which involved several distinguished people.
themiserable tools employed by men who wished to gain their own ends werenot even true to each other, and they undoubtedly attacked hunter byerror."
"did they mean to kill you, then?"
they had never heard of me.
i dropped from the skies, or thenearest thing to it, since i was on the atlantic at this houryesterday."
mcculloch was aware that the frenchman had been profoundly disturbed bycurtis's statements, and kept the ball rolling.
that name, decourtois, seemed to supply the clew to the man's agitation, so heharped on it.
"has mr. steingall seen de courtois?"
mr. devar and i accompanied him to de courtois's room, and setthe rascal free."
"that settles it," said the roundsman emphatically.
"if the man withthe camera eye has looked de courtois over it is all up with the wholebunch.
are you listening, anatole?
this should be real lively hearingfor you."
"monsieur de courtois is a friend of mine," came the sullen response.
"oh, is he?
then you do know something about events in 27th street,eh?"
"i tell you nothing, but why should i deny that i know monsieur decourtois?"
"or that you are a frenchman," put in curtis quietly.
"one of the fewwords in the french language which no foreigner can ever pronounce isthat word 'monsieur,' especially when it is followed by a 'de.'
ispeak french well enough to realize my limitations."
"now, anatole, cough it up," said mcculloch jocularly.
"you've no morechance of winning through than a chunk of ice in hell's flames."
"let me alone, i'm tired," said the other, relapsing into a stonyinattention which did not end even when brodie brought the car to astand outside the police station-house in west 30th street.
the advent of the roundsman with a prisoner and escort created somecommotion among his colleagues.
the police captain was the sameofficial who had harbored suspicion against curtis not so many hoursago, and his opinion was not entirely changed, only modified.
he glanced darkly at curtis and devar, but was manifestly cheered bysight of mcculloch with a chauffeur in custody.
he cried, "and where in hades have _you_ been?"
"a long way from home, mr. evans," said the roundsman.
"but it wasworth while.
this is anatole, whose other name is labergerie, the manwanted for the murder in 27th street."
"the deuce it is!
where did you get him?"
"away up beyond yonkers."
"hold on a minute."
he swung round quickly to a telephone, and called up headquarters.
"hello, there," he said, when an answer came.
"mr. steingall or mr.clancy in?
well, put me through.
that you, mr.steingall?
i'm evans, 23rd precinct.
sergeant mcculloch hasjust arrived with a prisoner, the chauffeur, anatole; and mr. curtis ishere, too.
anatole labergerie is the full name."
some conversation followed.
the others could hear the peculiar raspingsound of a voice otherwise undistinguishable, but it was evident thatthe police captain was greatly puzzled.
at last he beckoned to curtis.
"you're wanted," he said laconically.
curtis went to the instrument, and steingall's rather amused tone wassoon explicable.
"there's a screw loose, somewhere," he said.
"anatole labergerie is arespectable garage-keeper.
i know him well.
half an hour ago i calledhim out of bed, chiefly on account of his front name, and he told methat mr. hunter hired a car from him last evening, but never showed upat the appointed place and time, and the chauffeur brought the car backto the garage to wait further orders."
"i have no wish to traduce anatole labergerie," said curtis, "but i amquite sure that the man under arrest is the driver of the car in whichthe hungarians made off.
he has admitted, too, that jean de courtoisis his friend."
a low whistle revealed steingall's revised view of the situation.
"don't go away," he said.
"clancy and i will be with you in less thanquarter of an hour."
curtis hung up the receiver, and announced the new development.
thefrenchman did not betray any cognizance of it.
he had collapsed into achair, and looked the degenerate that he was.
but devar slapped mcculloch's broad shoulders.
"didn't i tell you?"
"there's a whole lot of night ahead ofus yet.
i'll write a book before i'm through with this!"
a dejected and disheveled super-clerk was called on to face a newcrisis soon after he had apparently got rid of most of the personsconcerned in the pandemonium which had raged for hours around thatrefuge of middle-class decorum and respectability, the central hotel in27th street.
as he was wont to explain in later days of blessed peacefulness:"the queerest part of the whole business was that i never had theslightest notion as to what was going to happen next.
everythingoccurred like a flash of lightning, and imitated lightning by neverstriking twice in the same place."
it was not to be expected that a man of the earl of valletort's socialstanding and experience would allow himself to be brow-beaten by apolice official and an uncertain miscellany of people like devar andthe members of the curtis family.
when the cool night air had temperedhis indignation, and he was removed from the electrical atmospherecreated by his son-in-law's positive disdain and steingall's negativeindifference, he began to survey the situation.
though not wholly astranger in new york, he was far from being versed in thetechnicalities of legal and police methods, so he bethought him ofsecuring skilled advice.
the hour was late, but the fact merelypresented a difficulty which was not insuperable to a person of evenaverage intelligence.
he turned into an imposing looking hotel onbroadway, produced his card, and asked for the manager.
an affable clerk hurried forward, thinking that his house was about toearn new laurels; if somewhat surprised by the earl's explanation thathe was in need of a lawyer of repute, and had applied to the proprietorof an important hotel as one most likely to further the quest, heresponded with prompt civility.
"there are several lawyers guests in the hotel at this moment, mylord," he said.
"each is a notable man in one branch of practice oranother.
may i ask if you want advice in a matter of real estate, orsome commercial claim, or a criminal charge?"
"the latter, in a sense," said the earl.
"a relative of mine hascontracted a marriage under conditions which are illegal, or, at anyrate, most irregular."
the clerk stroked his chin.
"mr. otto schmidt has just concluded a remarkable nullity of marriagesuit," he pondered.
"just the man for my purpose.
is he in?"
within five minutes the earl was closeted with mr. otto schmidt in thelatter's private sitting-room.
the lawyer was a short man, who bore aremarkable physical resemblance to an egg.
head, rotund body, andimmensely fat legs tapering to very small feet, formed a complete oval,while his ivory-tinted skin, and a curious crease running roundforehead and ears beneath a scalp wholly devoid of hair, suggested thatthe egg had been boiled, and the top cut off and replaced.
but he showed presently that the ovum was sound in quality.
helistened in absolute silence until his lordship had told his story.
all things considered, the recital was essentially true.
there were suppressions of fact, such as the lack of any mention ofcollusion between the distraught father and count ladislas vassilan onthe one hand and jean de courtois on the other, and there were whollyunwarrantable imputations against curtis's character and attributes,but, on the whole, mr. schmidt was able, in his own phrase, "to size upthe position" with fair accuracy.
like every other man of common sense who became acquainted with thenight's doings in a connected narrative, he began by expressing hisastonishment.
"i have had some singular cases to handle during a long and variedprofessional career," he said, and eyelids almost devoid of lashesdropped for an instant over a pair of dark and curiously piercing eyes,"but i have never heard of anything quite like this.
you say the nameof the detective who gave you the account of the murder, and of theconnection of this john delancy curtis with it, is steingall?"
again the eyelids fell, and, as mr. schmidt's face was also devoid ofeyebrows, and was colorless in its pallor, and as his lips met in athin seam above a chin which merged in folds of soft flesh where hisneck ought to be, his features at such a moment assumed thedisagreeable aspect of a death mask, though this impression vanishedwhen those brilliant eyes peered forth from their bulbous sockets.
"but i know steingall," he said.
"he is at the head of the new yorkdetective bureau, a man of the highest reputation, and one who commandsconfidence in the courts, not to speak of his department."
"he struck me as an able man, but i am quite sure he has failed toappreciate the share this fellow, curtis, has borne in the affair,"said the earl testily.
"it seems to me that your daughter, lady hermione, could not possiblyhave been what is commonly described as 'in love' with de courtois?
stupid as the comment may appear, i must search for a motive."
"my good sir, the notion is preposterous.
i--i have reason to believethat she intended this marriage to serve as a shield, or cloak, for herown purposes, which were, i regret to say, largely inspired by astubborn resolve not to marry a man who is suitable as a husband inevery way--by birth, social position, and distinguished prospects."
"her own purposes.
what does that mean exactly?"
"it means that she was contracting a marriage as a matter of form.
don't you see that this consideration, and this alone, made it possiblefor an impertinent outsider like curtis to offer his services as decourtois's substitute, while my misguided daughter was equally preparedto accept them?"
the eyelids shut tightly once more, and the earl, feeling ratherirritated and disturbed by this unpleasing habit, shifted his chairnoisily.
he found, however, that mr. schmidt merely kept the shuttersdown for a rather longer period than before, and, as the lawyerimpressed him with a sense of power and ability, he resolved to put upwith a peculiarity which was certainly disconcerting.
"may i ask if your daughter is what is popularly known as a prettygirl, my lord?"
demanded schmidt suddenly.
she is remarkably good-looking, but----""motive, my lord, motive.
i was wondering why curtis should behavelike a thundering idiot.
now, apart from your natural dislike to theman, how would you describe him?"
"he looks a gentleman, and, under ordinary conditions, i would regardhim as a social equal," admitted the earl.
"so, unfortunate as the circumstances may be, he is a more desirable_parti_ than the french music-master?"
then the noble lord flared into heat.
"dash it all!"
"you are almost as bad as that detectiveperson.
i am not bothering my brains as to curtis's desirableness orotherwise, or comparing him with a worm like de courtois.
i want thismarriage annulled.
i want him arrested.
i want the aid of the law toextricate my daughter from the consequences of her own folly.
surely,such a marriage cannot be legal!"
schmidt weighed the point from behind the veil, and an unemotionalreply soothed his fiery client.
"the idea is, perhaps, untenable--almost repulsive," he said, "but thelaw on the matter is governed by so many differing decisions that icannot express a reasoned opinion offhand.
you see, the question ofconsideration intervenes.
and--and--where is the lady now?"
"i don't know."
"you left curtis at the central hotel!"
"in company with steingall, and two elderly curtises, and young devar?"
"why didn't you demand your daughter's present address?"
"i--i was so stunned by what i regarded as official sanction of anoutrage that i came away in a fury."
mr. otto schmidt rose, or rather, raised his oblong shape from a slightincline on a chair to a horizontal position.
"let us go to the hotel," he said.
"and there must be no more fury.
leave the inquiry in my hands, my lord, and it will be strange if i donot succeed in elucidating points which are now baffling us--in fact, imay say, inducing mental disturbance."
thus, it came to pass that krantz, the reception clerk at the centralhotel, had just seen the doctor sent to dose de courtois with bromideleaving the building when the earl and mr. schmidt entered.
as it happened, the lawyer was known to him, schmidt having had legalcharge of the corporation which reconstructed the hotel, so it wasimpossible for an employé to be reticent with him about the matterswhich were discussed forthwith.
"mr. steingall gone?"
inquired schmidt affably.
he left here nearly half an hour ago," said the clerk,outwardly self-possessed, but wondering inwardly what new bomb would beexploded in his weary brain.
"this murder, and its attendant circumstances, constitute a veryextraordinary affair," said the lawyer.
krantz was not deceived.
he had answered some such remark a hundredtimes that evening, but he would surely be put on the rack in a momentby some fantastic disclosure which none save a lunatic would dream of.
"now, about this mr. john delancy curtis," purred schmidt, "has it beenascertained beyond all doubt that he arrived in new york from europethis evening?"
"i think so, sir," was the jaded answer.
"the police are satisfied onthat point, i believe, and he himself gave his last address as pekin."
everybody was invariably astonished when they heard of pekin.
hadcurtis described his recent residence as "the moon" it would have beenregarded as only a degree more recondite.
"then," said schmidt, closing his eyes, "assuming he is the stranger herepresents himself as being, he could have no personal connection withthe murder of monsieur jean de courtois?"
another comet had fallen in 27th street.
krantz winced, as ifthe lawyer had struck him.
"mr. de courtois!"
"who says he was murdered?
he is--notvery well, it is true, but for all that i can tell, he is sound asleepin bed at this minute."
roared the earl, who had been most positive in hisopinion that curtis must have brought about the frenchman's death forhis own fell purpose.
otto schmidt laid a restraining hand on his lordship's shoulder.
"steady now," he murmured.
"remember my instructions.
the inquiry iscommitted to me for the time."
"but, confound it, man----""yes, this is startling, this changes the whole aspect of the case.
but you see the value of calm and judicious method."
the egg-shaped man was certainly entitled to take credit for thedisclosure, and seldom failed to do so in many subsequent expositionsto admiring friends of a singular case, but he never realized howthoroughly self-deluded the earl had been by the original blunder.
"but, sir," protested the clerk, "it was never supposed that mr. decourtois had been killed.
no one knew who the poor gentleman was atfirst, because mr. curtis's overcoat and his had been accidentlyexchanged in the flurry and excitement after the crime was committed.
the police found the initials h. r. h. on his clothing, and that factled to his being recognized as mr. henry r. hunter, a well-known newyork journalist.
had i seen him myself, i would have settled thatpoint in a moment, because he often came here to visit mr. de courtois."
that is very interesting, most decidedly interesting."
"are you quite certain that what you are saying is correct?
mr.hunter, the murdered man, was acquainted with monsieur de courtois?"
the question came from the earl of valletort, whose angry bewildermenthad suddenly given place to a gravity of demeanor that was significantof the serious complications involved in the clerk's statement.
poor krantz could have bitten his tongue for its too free wagging.
hewas thoroughly tired, and had intended to go to his room at theearliest moment and repair damages by a long night's rest.
now, to allappearance, he had unwittingly reopened the whole wretched imbroglio.
but there was no help for it.
having put his hand to the plow he wasobliged to turn the furrow.
"yes, my lord, positive," he said between his teeth.
schmidt was beginning to think that the amazing marriagepromised to develop into a _cause célèbre_.
"in that event, it becomesessential, indeed, i may say imperative, that his lordship and i shouldinterview monsieur de courtois without delay."
"sorry, sir," said the clerk, desperately availing himself of thedetective's instructions, "but mr. steingall left orders that no oneshould be permitted to visit mr. de courtois to-night."
is the man in this hotel?"
"oh, yes, i was aware of that all the time," put in the earl.
"helived here--don't you see, that accounts for the mistake i made inassuming that----""forgive me."
the lawyer's monitory hand rose again, and he turned tothe clerk.
"you can hardly expect me, mr. krantz, to regard mr.steingall's 'orders' as in any way controlling my actions.
kindly showhis lordship and me to monsieur de courtois's room at once."
there was nothing for it but to obey.
krantz understood exactly how hewould be jumped on and pulverized in the morning by irate stockholdersin the hotel if any action of his should be adversely reported on bythe great otto schmidt.
but the visit to de courtois fizzled out unexpectedly.
the frenchman,still attired in evening dress, for that is the conventional weddingattire of his race, was lying on the bed sleeping the sleep of utterexhaustion supplemented by bromide.
the two negro attendants, who werehoping for some more exciting experience, were squatted on the floorplaying pinochle, and the strenuous efforts of lord valletort to arousethe slumberer were quite useless.
but--and that was a vital thing--hehad seen de courtois, and knew beyond doubt that he was alive, andseemingly in good health, or, at any rate, physically uninjured.
"the man has been drugged," said the lawyer, watching the earl'sunavailing attempt to awaken the frenchman.
"is, by any chance, mr.curtis's room situated near this one?"
"it is just overhead," said the clerk.
schmidt looked up at the ceiling as though his eyes might discern atrap-door.
"is mr. curtis there now?"
"where is he?"
"he went out with a mr.
do you know where he went to?"
krantz was tempted to prevaricate, but schmidt was a power in thecentral hotel.
"i believe, sir, he is at the plaza."
"a large hotel, near central park, is it not?"
demanded the earleagerly.
"my lord, pardon me."
the lawyer was no believer in letting all theworld into your secrets, and the clerk's manner showed that he was farfrom well posted in certain elements of the affair.
valletort was for rushing forthwith off in a taxi to the plaza; butschmidt vetoed the notion.
he shared the earl's conviction thathermione would be discovered there, but, before meeting her, he wantedto obtain a great many particulars the lack of which in his client'searlier story his legal acumen had already scented.
so he drew the impatient nobleman into a quiet corner of therestaurant, and extracted from his unwilling lips certain details as tocount vassilan and the marriage project which had not been forthcomingbefore.
krantz seized the opportunity to call up steingall on the telephone andtold him something, not all, of what had occurred.
he did not say thatthe earl and schmidt had actually seen de courtois, and suppressed anymention of his disclosure with reference to curtis's whereabouts, notthat he wished to mislead the detective willfully, but he felt that hehad been indiscreet, and there was no need to proclaim the fact.
moreover, he had never heard hermione's name mentioned, or he wasgallant enough to have risked any trouble next day if a lady would besaved distress thereby.
schmidt's lawyer-like caution was destined to have far-reaching effectson the night's history.
it provided one of the minor rills of atorrent which was gaining irresistible momentum, and would submergemany people before its uncontrolled madness was exhausted.
had heyielded to the earl, and hurried to the plaza at once, he would havemet curtis and steingall there, and those two men might have divertedthe bursting current of events into a new channel.
but, naturallyenough, he wanted to understand precisely where he stood.
in a word,the egg was excellent in its constituents, but lacked the exuberantfreshness of the newly-laid article.
hence, while the earl nearly choked with indignation at sight of thatentry in the visitors' book at the plaza--"mr. and lady hermionecurtis, pekin,"--mistress and maid were once more discussing theastounding things which had taken place since the moment when johndelancy curtis rang the bell at flat 10 in number 1000 59th street.
"if only i knew how to act for the best!"
wailed hermione halftearfully.
"i am afraid, marcelle, i have been too egotistical, toomuch concerned about myself, i mean, and far too regardless of others.
i have allowed mr. curtis to place himself in a dreadful position----""i'm sure, miladi, he doesn't think so," interrupted marcellebreathlessly.
"that is the worst feature of it, to my thinking.
he is making all thesacrifice."
to get a wife like you, miladi!"
"i am _not_ his wife."
"well, you are not married like folk who go away for a honeymoon andfind rice in their clothes every day for a week, but mr. curtis says,miladi, that you are his wife right enough in the eyes of the law, andi'm sure he admires you immensely already, so there's no telling----""marcelle, do you imagine for one single instant that i would reallymarry any man who took me as a favor, who conferred an obligation onme, who came to my assistance in a moment of despair?"
"no, miladi, not if he thought those things.
but i have a sort ofnotion that mr. curtis would hurt any other man who suggested any ofthem, and it is easy to see by the very way he looks at you----""oh, have pity, and don't harp on that string!
i can be nothing tohim.
you mistake his kindness for something which is so utterlyimpossible that it almost drives me to hysteria to hear it even spokenof."
marcelle knew better.
in some recess of her own acute mind she feltthat lady hermione's heightened color and shining eyes were due to justthat wild and irresponsible conceit which they were debating.
indeed,hermione could not leave the topic alone.
she forbade it, rejected it,stormed at its folly, yet came back to it like a child held spellboundby some terrifying yet fascinating object.
the maid was racking her brain for some feminine argument which shouldconvince an impulsive mistress that curtis might reasonably regard hismatrimonial entanglement as by no means so incapable of a satisfactoryoutcome as his "wife" deemed it, when a knock at the door of thesitting-room alarmed both.
and, indeed, the ever-present dread which haunted them was justified,because a page announced "the earl of valletort and mr. otto schmidt,"and before the petrified marcelle could utter a word of protest, thetwo men were in the room.
marcelle said afterwards that no incident of those tumultuous hourssurprised her more than the way in which lady hermione received herunbidden and unwelcome visitors.
the instant before their arrival shewas an irresponsible and doubting and vacillating girl, torn byemotion, and swayed hither and thither by gusts of perplexity whichranged from half-formed hope to blank despair, but now she came fromher bedroom without a second's hesitancy, and faced her father and thelawyer with a proud serenity which obviously disconcerted them, andquite dumfounded marcelle.
said the earl, trying to speak complacently, butfailing rather badly, because his attitude and words were decidedlymelodramatic.
"and too late!"
said his daughter, letting her fine eyes dwell onschmidt with the contemplative scrutiny she might bestow on an exhibitin a natural history museum.
"pardon me, your ladyship, not too late, but just in time, i fancy."
otto schmidt met her gaze without flinching, and he was a man whoundoubtedly commanded attention when he spoke.
his tone wasdeferential but decisive.
his black eyes were taking in this charmingand intelligent woman in full measure.
her rare beauty, her unstudiedpose, her slender elegance, the quiet harmonies of her costume--eachand all made their appeal.
he even waited for her reply, compelling itby some subtle transference of the knowledge that he would not endeavorto browbeat or misunderstand her.
"i have heard your name, but may i ask why you are here?"
it pleased him to find that he had not erred by underrating herintelligence.
"a very proper question, lady hermione," he said.
"i am a lawyer,fairly well known in new york, and your father has consulted me withreference to the marriage you have contracted to-night."
"since, as you say, the marriage has most certainly been contracted,the statement hardly explains your presence."
he smiled, and lord valletort, who had not seen otto schmidt smile onceduring the past hour, discovered that he had not begun to appraise hisnew ally's qualities at their due worth.
"it is a legal habit to state events in their order," he repliedsuavely.
"but these are matters which we ought to discuss privately."
"no, marcelle, do not go," said hermione, hiding her fear under anassumption of icy indifference, and checking the maid's movement inresponse to the lawyer's hint.
"marcelle leroux is fully in myconfidence," she explained, "and you can say nothing which she may notlisten to."
"i am obliged to your ladyship, but i had to mention her presence,"said schmidt.
"well, i am sorry to be the bearer of unpleasant news,but you were inveigled into a marriage ceremony with john delancycurtis by gross and fraudulent misrepresentation.
he told you, iassume, that monsieur jean de courtois was dead.
that is not true.
monsieur de courtois is alive, and in his room at the central hotel in27th street at this moment.
he was detained there at the hour youawaited him--kept there forcibly, by means which must be investigated,but the really important fact now is that he lives.
need i tell youwhat that statement implies?
need i emphasize the lie with which thisman curtis attained his object?
your father, the earl, and i myself,saw jean de courtois a few minutes since.
probably, and not withoutreason, you doubt my word.
if that is so, will you kindly use thetelephone yourself, ring up the central hotel, and ask if monsieur decourtois is there?
you will hardly imagine that the hotel staff wouldenter into a conspiracy with us to deceive you.
again, you might sendfor the manager here.
he knows me, and will assure you that i am not aperson who would lend himself to subterfuge or falsehood."
"but some man was killed, was he not?"
hermione's lips had whitened, but her courage was superb, though herpoor heart was like to burst with its frenzied throbbing, for she wascertain this self-possessed man was speaking truly, and, if he were,her hero with the head of gold had revealed feet of clay.
"yes, unhappily, a journalist named hunter."
schmidt was an artist.
he knew when to use few words.
"but mr. curtis himself may have been deceived."
"mr. curtis was among those who pretended to liberate de courtois fromhis bonds.
your unfortunate friend was brutally tied and gagged in hisroom in the hotel, and is now recovering from the effects of themaltreatment he received."
"mr. curtis couldn't have known of this when he was here, little morethan half an hour ago."
"he knew it two hours ago.
not only he, but mr. steingall knew it.
did neither of them tell you?"
in utter despair, broken-hearted now not by reason of her own plight,but rather because of a shattered faith, hermione appealed to the earl.
"father, is this true?"
"absolutely true, every syllable.
i really think you ought to confirmmr. schmidt's statement by inquiry at the central hotel."
"and publish my unhappy story more widely!
will you kindly leaveme now?
i must think, and act."
"one word, your ladyship, and i have done," said the lawyer, speakingwith a slow seriousness that could not fail to be convincing.
"themischief is not irreparable--at present.
but you must not remain here.
you are registered in the books of the hotel as the wife of johndelancy curtis, and, if i may say it with respect, your own sense ofwhat is right and proper will forbid the notion that you can abide inthe hotel until to-morrow.
i pledge my reputation that it willimmensely facilitate the legal steps necessary to secure the annulmentof the marriage if you dissever yourself from your so-called husband atthe earliest moment after you have discovered his tort."
hermione was not the type of woman who faints in an emergency, thoughgladly now would she have found in unconsciousness a respite from thebitter pain that was rending her innermost fiber.
"i think--i understand," she said brokenly.
"will you please go?"
"but will you not come with me, hermione?"
said her father.
"i giveyou my word of honor there will be no recriminations."
"i must be alone--to-night," she cried, flaring into a passionatevehemence.
"marcelle and i will return to my apartment.
you knowwhere it is.
come there in the morning, at any hour you choose, but gonow, this instant, or i shall refuse to leave the hotel, no matter whatthe consequences."
her voice rose almost to a scream, and schmidt, a profound student ofhuman nature, realized that any extra pressure would be fatal.
this girl would keep her promise, of that he was wellassured, but if her high-strung temperament was subjected to undueforce she would put her back against the wall and defy law andconvention alike.
"come," he said to the earl, and, with a courteous bow to hermione, heliterally pulled her father from the room.
hermione did not weep.
she was done with tears, sick with vain regret,yet braced to unfaltering purpose.
the instant the door was closed shepicked up the telephone, and the wretched krantz was soon in evidenceto verify the lawyer's words.
marcelle was crying as though she had lost a lover or some dearrelative; when hermione bade her prepare for their departure, she gaveno heed, but wailed her sorrow aloud.
"i d-don't believe them, miladi," she sobbed.
"mr. curtis--will wringthe lawyer-man's neck--to-morrow.
i know he will.
did mr.curtis kill poor mr. hunter?
if not, why should he tie thatfrenchman?
and wouldn't he t-tie twenty frenchmen if he w-wantedto m-marry you!"
hermione stooped and fondled the girl's shoulders, for marcelle hadcollapsed to her knees on the hearth-rug while her mistress was usingthe telephone.
"you have been my very good friend, marcelle," she said, and the miseryin her voice subjugated the maid's louder grief.
"don't fail me now,there's a dear!
i want to write a letter, and there can be no questionwhatever that you and i must get away before mr. curtis returns.
don'tfret, or lose faith in providence.
a great man once wrote: 'god's inheaven, and all's well with the world.'
you and i must try to believethat, and place utmost trust in its promise.
hurry,and i shall join you in a few minutes.
we shall send for our baggagein the morning, and so avoid attracting attention in the hotelto-night."
brave as she was, when left alone in the room she pressed her hands toher face in sheer abandonment of agony.
but the storm passed, and shesat down to write.
evans, the police captain of the 23rd precinct, had a fairly long storyto hear from mcculloch.
the roundsman did not spare himself in therecital.
he pleaded guilty to three errors of judgment.
in the firstinstance, he would have done well had he taken the advice given bydevar during the halt at 42nd street, and arrested the supposed"anatole" then and there; secondly, he might have secured corroborativeevidence of the cleansing of parts of the automobile--evidence nowdestroyed by the waters of the hudson; and, thirdly, he should haveasked brodie to intercept the fugitive long before it became possibleto plunge the car into the river.
"all i can say is, i sized up the situation and acted accordingly," hecommented ruefully.
"it did look like a good plan to give him ropeenough"--here he checked his utterance, and glanced at the disconsolateprisoner--"but he fairly got the better of me when i went aboard thatbarge.
i ought to have left one of these gentlemen to watch the quay.
my excuse is that the barge seemed to offer the only probablehiding-place, and there was always the chance that he had gone into theriver with the car."
"anyhow, you got him," observed evans sympathetically, for mccullochwas a valued and trustworthy officer.
"well, he's here, but mr. brodie got him," whereupon brodie tried notto look sheepish.
steingall and clancy arrived before the roundsman had made an end ofhis experiences, which he had to recount for their benefit.
the twodetectives had resumed their ordinary clothing.
they looked tired, butquietly elated, and it was noticeable that clancy's mercurial spiritsseemed to have evaporated.
those who knew him would have augured fromthat fact that the chase was reaching its climax, but curtis and devarfancied that the little man was thoroughly worn out and pining forrest.
never had they been more egregiously deceived.
he resembled ahound which bays its excitement when the quarry is scented butrestrains all its energies for the last desperate struggle when theflying prey is in sight.
the frenchman sat as though in a stupor, and seemingly gave noattention to the details of the hunt, but he sprang to his feet insheer fright when steingall walked up to him and said sternly:"now, antoine lamotte, listen to what i have to say."
"i am betrayed, then?"
snarled the man viciously, though his voice wentoff into a curious yelp of agony as a twinge reminded him of brodie'svigorous aim with half a brick.
"yes, the game is up.
i know your confederates, and you will beconfronted with them before daybreak.
no, i am not bluffing.
that is not my way.
their names are gregor martiny and ferdinandrossi.
now are you satisfied?"
lamotte sank back into his chair.
his features were wrung with pain,but the momentary excitement vanished, and his manner grew sullen again.
"if you know so much i can tell you nothing," he growled.
you can give me little or no information i do not possessalready.
but, unless you are more fool than knave, you can at leasttry to save your own miserable life."
"by a full confession.
did you know that martiny and rossi meant tokill mr.
"no, i swear it."
"then why don't you take the hint i have given you?
it will be toolate when you are brought before a judge.
believe me, i shall waste nomore breath in persuading you.
it is now or never."
the frenchman rose again, this time more slowly.
he glanced around atthe ring of faces, and, for a moment, his gaze dwelt contemplatively onclancy.
perhaps he was vouchsafed some intuition that this man was tobe feared, but clancy remained unemotional as a sioux indian.
when hespoke, it was with a certain dignity, and, oddly enough, his words,though uttered in english, savored of a literal translation from thefrench mint which coined them.
"monsieur," he said, "i am a man who regards loyalty to his friendsbefore all."
"an excellent quality, even in a criminal, if your friends are loyal toyou," replied steingall with equal seriousness of manner.
"but the woman who betrayed us--may she be eaten up with cancer!--isnot my friend.
those others are."
"i have met with no woman.
i have good reason to think that you haveno real notion of the influences which led your hungarian friends, asyou call them, to commit a murder.
but i rather respect yoursentiment, so, to give you one final chance, i tell you now just howyou were brought into this thing.
you are a thief, and the associateof thieves, but you have never, so far as our records go, beenconvicted.
your real name is not lamotte, though you have passed underit long enough in new york to establish some sort of claim to it, andyou were sentenced to two years' imprisonment at toulon eight years agofor a breach of military discipline.
on your release you consortedwith anarchists in paris, and, to escape arrest as a suspect after adynamite outrage on the grand boulevard, you emigrated to america.
youare a clever mechanic, and, had you tried to earn an honest living, youwould have succeeded, but some kink in your nature drove you to crime,mixed up with a good deal of political froth.
when you heard thatprecious pair of fanatics, martiny and rossi, plotting in morrissiegelman's café to prevent a marriage between an english lady of greatwealth and a wretched little frenchman, so that the cause of ahungarian party might benefit if count ladislas vassilan secured thelady and the money, especially the money, you thought you saw a waytowards striking a blow at the austrian monarchy and also benefitingyourself.
so you offered your services, and your more acute brain putthem up to a dodge they would never have thought of.
it was necessaryfor your purpose that you should figure as a respectable man, so youhad cards printed in the name of anatole labergerie, and addressedletters to yourself under that same name at morris siegelman'srestaurant.
i do not know yet where you obtained the car, but i shallknow to-morrow--the fact is immaterial now.
what is of real importanceis the method whereby you humbugged the janitor at mr. hunter's officeby pretending that you had been sent there by mr. labergerie becausethe car was at liberty somewhat earlier than was expected, and theunfortunate journalist took it as a compliment, drove to his rooms,changed his clothes, and returned to the office, thus playing into yourhands, because the car sent to his order by mr. labergerie was therebyprevented from picking him up at the appointed time.
it was shrewd ofyou to guess that a busy man on the staff of a newspaper would be gladto utilize an automobile placed unexpectedly at his disposal, and fateplayed into your hands by the delay in issuing the duplicate marriagelicense, which he had promised de courtois to obtain from the cityhall."
"sir, i knew nothing of any marriage license."
you were concerned only with taking your confederates'money, and posing as the clever brain of the outfit.
but i imagine,and not another word shall i say, that they overreached you a bit whenthey knifed mr.
lamotte, to describe him by the name under which he figured in theannals of the crime, stretched out his hands in a gesture of emphaticprotest.
"no matter what becomes of me," he said eagerly, "i ask you to believethat i did not even know they had killed mr. hunter until i saw theblood on the panel when i took them to market street."
you have been slow to adopt the lead i offered you.
but why, ingod's name, did they stab the man?
that could hardly have been theirdeliberate plan."
"it was a sort of accident.
so they said.
they really meant to forcehim into the car, and overpower him.
the scheme was to bring him tomarket street and keep him there until----"he hesitated.
he had given up hope for himself, but he stopped shortof introducing other names into prominence.
"until the _switzerland_ had reached new york, with count ladislasvassilan and the english lord on board."
then lamotte yielded.
"you know everything," he said, with a dejected shrug.
"either you area wizard, or gregor and rossi are open-mouthed fools."
steingall smiled inscrutably, but clancy, who had remained strangelyquiet, did not relax the close attention he was giving to thefrenchman's least word or action.
it was about this time that curtisnoticed the little detective's air of complete absorption, and hewondered at it, since clancy and his chief seemed to have unfolded thewhole mystery in a way that was at once admirable and bewildering.
"then why don't you exercise your wits, man?
i have been candor itselfin my statement, but it is your own words which will be taken down bythe police captain here, as you are charged in his presence withcomplicity in the murder, and they will be on record for or against youwhen you are brought to trial."
"you want me to admit that what you have said is true?"
"just as you wish," said steingall, half contemptuously.
"i now chargeyou formally with taking part in the murder of mr. hunter.
if you haveanything to say, say it, and it will be written at once, and signed byyou, if you choose."
he waited a moment, and then turned aside.
"put him in the cells," he said.
"i shall not trouble farther abouthim now."
"one moment, monsieur," exclaimed lamotte, evidently believing that hewas seriously jeopardizing his life by not taking the advice given soopenly.
"i admit that you are well informed, but i must add that i wasignorant of the murder till nearly half an hour after it had occurred."
"pooh, that's no use.
make a full statement, or take theconsequences."
steingall's tone was so offhanded that lamotte wasafraid he had lost a good opportunity of saving his neck.
"but what is there to tell?"
"just what happened outside the central hotel and afterwards."
"i brought mr. hunter there, and nodded to martiny and rossi, who werewaiting on the sidewalk, to show that he was inside the car.
iremained at the wheel, and anyone can perceive that my position made itimpossible to see what was going on when the door opened.
martiny wasnearest to me, and i am sure he never used a knife, so it must havebeen rossi.
is that correct?"
"i believe so, absolutely.
"martiny said 'vite, allez!'
so i shoved in the clutch and made off attop speed.
in fifth avenue i glanced over my shoulder to look at mr.hunter, and see whether or not he was struggling, but my friends alonewere visible in the back seat, so i believed they had put him on thefloor, and did not stop or look at them again until i reached desilva's house in market street.
then, to my annoyance, when i got downto help carry in mr. hunter, i found blood on the step and the panel,and the idiots told me what they had done.
it is only fair to say thatde silva is innocent of any part in the affair.
he didn't even knowthat we were bringing anyone to rossi's room, and we took care that heshould be out at the time we counted on arriving at market street."
"you didn't attack mr. hunter sooner because your orders were to waituntil the last possible moment?"
"that is so."
[illustration: scenes from the photo-drama.]
devar was unaware of any change in the manner of either of thedetectives, because he was watching lamotte's livid face with a speciesof fascinated horror, but curtis, who had often been compelled to holdsimilar inquiries into cold-blooded crimes committed by chinesecoolies, found greater interest in observing clancy.
a subtleexultation had suddenly danced into the diminutive franco-irishman'sexpressive features when market street was first mentioned, and hiscoal-black eyes blazed in their slits at the sound of that name, desilva.
a queer thought flitted through curtis's mind, but he put it aside,because steingall was speaking again.
"well, you got rid of your friends.
then what did you do?"
"the rest was simple.
i cleaned the car in a hurry with a bit of oilywaste, took it to a yard which i have used at times, at an addresswhich i beg you to permit me to forget, changed the number plate, and,at an hour which i deemed discreet, drove uptown in order to dispose ofthe car by leaving it deserted near the garage from which it came.
theowner's house is on riverside drive.
his name is morris; he is absentin chicago on business, while i learnt that his chauffeur was ill."a gasp of uncontrollable excitement from devar drew all eyes to him.
"next house to my aunt's!"
"there's a mistake somewhere," broke in brodie.
"i know mr. morris'scar, and that isn't it."
lamotte was positively annoyed that his word should appear to bedoubted.
"messieurs," he said grandiloquently, "i assure you on my honor that iam not misleading you."
nor was he.
the discrepancy was cleared up next day.
the morrisautomobile was undergoing repairs, and the motor manufacturers hadsupplied the gray car for use in the interim.
steingall swept the matter aside impatiently.
"go on," he said to the frenchman.
"you're taking a note of this?"
headded, glancing at police captain evans.
"got it," was the laconic reply.
"there is nothing else," said lamotte.
"i noticed that i was beingfollowed, and soon discovered that i could not shake off a morepowerful car.
i was armed, but did not want to get into trouble on myown account, and i knew that i would have to deal with three men.
so idecided to throw the car in the river, and trust to my wits for a meansof escape.
i would have succeeded, too, had i been aware that therewas a fourth man in the party.
from where i lay hidden beneath thewharf i could only count the number of people who crossed to the barge.
i was unable to see them, so i included the chauffeur among the three.
i was wrong.
perhaps it is as well, because i meant to get away, andwould have fought.
that is all.
will one of you give me acigarette?"
devar produced a case, and in response to steingall's nod, offered itscontents to the prisoner, who took two cigarettes; nor could he beprevailed on to accept more.
despite his hang-dog looks he had anundoubted air of refinement.
degeneracy had claimed him as its own,yet some streak of a nobler heredity had struggled to exert itsinfluence, only to fail.
steingall put no more questions, and lamotte relapsed into silence,smoking nonchalantly while the police captain's pen was scratching atranscript of the shorthand notes.
curtis caught steingall's eye, and drew him aside.
"that fellow told the truth about the actual murder, i think" he said.
"my story coincides with his in every detail."
"i'm sure you are right," agreed the detective.
"the odd thing is thatclancy should have spotted him from your description telephoned toheadquarters.
you remember clancy was looking at a book of photographswhen i brought you to the bureau?"
"he had found him then.
some time since, during the anarchist troublesin chicago, the french police sent us a lot of pictures, and thisfellow's was among them."
"why didn't he ask me if i recognized him?"
"that is not pretty fanny's way.
clancy never does what any other manwould do.
he hates to have anyone verify an opinion he has onceformed.
had you said the photograph resembled the man you saw outsidethe hotel clancy would actually have begun to believe that he might bemistaken."
"at any rate," said curtis, smiling, "you two seem to have mademarvelous progress with the inquiry since a set of drunken stokersbroke up a harmonious gathering at morris siegelman's."
"we have done pretty well, but this"--and steingall glanced atlamotte--"this goes far beyond anything we hoped for to-night, or thismorning, for the new day is growing old."
curtis was puzzled.
he realized that the capture of the chauffeur wasimportant, but it shrank into insignificance beside the connectedhistory of events which the detective seemed to have at his fingers'ends.
"i suppose i must not ask questions," he said with a quizzical lookinto the extraordinary eyes which had earned the chief of the detectivebureau the picturesque description coined by an enthusiastic reporter.
"no need," said steingall.
"unless you are fed up with excitement, ipurpose taking you and mr. devar down town again, just as soon as evanshas stopped slinging ink.
then you will appreciate the importance ofthe things said here."
curtis remembered that fleeting impression he had garnered whilewatching clancy during the frenchman's statement, which, however,appeared only to confirm the ample history already in steingall'spossession.
but again his thoughts were diverted from the matter bysteingall's next words.
"i take it you have not called at the plaza hotel since we came awaytogether?"
"you certainly could not stop there during therush after the missing chauffeur, and i suppose mcculloch brought youstraight here after the arrest?"
we passed the hotel on the outward journey, and i thought i sawa light in--in my wife's suite, but we returned by a different route."
he fancied that the detective was about to explain a somewhat peculiarquestion, but at that instant the police captain summoned lamotte tohis desk.
"i'll read what i have written," he said, "and, if it is correct, youwill sign it.
you need not sign unless you wish, but the statementwill be given in court, and, if you attest it now, may count in yourfavor."
he recited an exact record of the frenchman's words, and lamotte tookthe pen and scrawled his name.
then, at a nod from evans, theroundsman took the prisoner to a cell.
george, or perhaps i ought to say 'by george, jove!'
you didthat well," exclaimed clancy, speaking for the first time since he hadentered the station-house, and addressing steingall.
"i thought i was going to fail, but i stuck to my guns, and it cameoff," was the modest if rather cryptic reply.
"we, too, have fought with beasts at ephegus, so let us into this,"cried devar.
"what came off, and where was the risk of failure?
to mymind, you had lamotte in a double nelson grip all the time."
"that's where you are in error, young man," said steingall cheerfully.
"sometimes it pays to pretend a knowledge you don't possess, and thiswas one of the occasions.
mr. clancy and i knew that somewhere in newyork were two hungarians named gregor martiny and ferdinand rossi.
weknew that they were the men who killed mr. hunter, but we had no morenotion where they were hiding, or how to lay hands on them, than theman in the moon."
haven't you arrested them?"
that is a pleasure deferred."
"do you mean that you wanged that address out of the frenchman?"
"that's about the size of it.
i might have searched for a week formartiny and rossi, but no one in east broadway would have owned up toseeing or even hearing of them."
"still, you had their names pat?"
"yes," said the detective, cutting the end off a cigar, "we had theirnames, and we ascertained why they killed hunter, or would have killedany other person who tried to balk their scheme, but our informationstopped there."
steingall, usually so communicative, evidently meant to keep to himselfthe source of his inspiration, and, in a few minutes, brodie wasdriving the four men to the police headquarters.
they went to the detective bureau, and steingall telephoned the clintonstreet police station-house.
"you know de silva's place in market street?"
"well, withinten minutes have half-a-dozen men gather quietly near the door.
two others should watch the back, and stop anyone making a bolt thatway.
yes, of course, there may be shooting.
i'll turn up in aprivate auto, and stop off at the corner of east broadway.
leavethe rest to clancy and myself.
no, only two, but they're hotstuff."
he unlocked a drawer in a desk, and took out a pair of revolvers.
after examining them to make sure they were fully loaded, he handed oneto clancy.
"i hope we shall not require them, eugene, but there's no telling," hesaid.
"i suppose i'm not allowed to shoot anybody, so you might lend me astick," suggested devar.
"you and mr. curtis are remaining right here," said the detective.
"oh, be a man, steingall!"
cried devar disgustedly.
"don't play dogwhen there's a chance of a real row.
look how i swung things your wayin morris siegelman's!"
"you might let us peep round the corner, at any rate," smiled curtis.
steingall meant to be obdurate, but yielded, and it was well that heallowed his sympathies to sway his judgment, or there might have beenan early vacancy in the chief inspectorship.
at that middle hour of the night even new york's prowlers of the darkhad retired to their foul rookeries.
the streets were almost deserted,and the glare of gas and naphtha had vanished.
the houses of thehungarian quarter were stark and gloomy now, many woe-begone in theirsemi-dismantled aspect, and all sinister.
when the automobile drew upnoiselessly at the corner of market street, a broad enoughthoroughfare, but broken and battered in appearance, the only visibleforms were those of three or four patrolmen, who were saunteringaimlessly along the sidewalk.
but there were eyes watching throughunknown chinks in shutters, or peering through soiled curtains behinddirt-stained windows, and the quiet concentration of the police in onespecial quarter evidently did not pass unnoticed.
when the battle began, it partook of the vagaries of real warfare byopening unexpectedly.
it was ascertained afterwards that two men darted like shadows out of apassage in market street, and separated instantly.
one came towardeast broadway, where the detectives and their companions had justalighted from the car, and the other, breaking into a run, dived intohenry street, with two patrolmen after him.
he it was who opened thefray, and the peace of the night was suddenly disrupted by the loudbark of an automatic pistol.
three shots were fired with a quickirregularity, and then came the deeper report of a service revolver.
steingall and clancy ran forward, and the fugitive coming their way hadactually passed them, with two more patrolmen in pursuit, whensteingall saw him and turned instantly.
the man only increased his pace, and the detective, astonishinglyactive for one of his bulk, raced along at top speed.
"stop or i shoot!"
he cried again.
by that time the self-confessed outlaw was nearly opposite the car.
hechecked his pace, half turned, luckily not to the side where curtis andthe others were standing, and leveled a browning pistol at thedetective.
he even hesitated an instant to take aim, but before hisfinger had pressed the trigger, curtis had sprung at him.
there was notime for a blow, but a well placed kick spun the would-be murderer offhis feet, and the crash of the shot came an infinitesimal part of asecond too late.
as it was, the bullet struck a lamp higher up thestreet, and a line taken subsequently showed that it must have missedsteingall by only a few inches.
the miscreant reeled, and lost his balance.
then curtis closed withhim, caught his right wrist, and threw him heavily, but, such was theman's frenzied resolve not to be arrested, that he fired twice againbefore the deadly weapon fell from his grasp.
he did no damage, butthe uproar brought a motley crowd from the neighboring dwellings.
market street, which had seemed asleep or dead, proved itself very muchalive and awake, but the sight of uniformed police hurrying up fromseveral directions restrained any undue curiosity on the part of itsdenizens.
the desperado on the ground was handcuffed at once, and, while apoliceman was searching his pockets rapidly to ascertain if he carriedanother pistol, steingall gripped curtis by the shoulder.
"i owe you something for that," he said quietly.
"i rather fancy hewould have dropped me if it hadn't been for you.
oh, i know whati am saying.
i shall not forget.
show a light here," he addedto a patrolman who had run from east broadway on hearing the shooting.
"now, mr. curtis, do you recognize him?"
"yes," said curtis---whose experiences in new york were revealing anunsuspected side of his character, for in 56th street, in morrissiegelman's, and now again in market street, he had proved himself whatallen breck would have termed "a bonnie fighter"--"yes, that is the manwho spoke to me in the central hotel.
i imagine he is martiny."
put him in the car!"
the detective rushed off, but soon returned.
"sorry to trouble you, but will you come this way a minute?"
curtis went with him.
in henry street a small group was gathered inthe roadway.
a policeman had proved himself a better shot than rossi,and hunter's murder was already avenged in part.
the dead man was left to the district police, to be carried to themortuary in an ambulance.
steingall, with his prisoner, returned toheadquarters, while clancy made a thorough search of the room the pairhad occupied in de silva's house.
the hungarian did not deny his name nor his share in the earlier crime.
"it is fate," he said doggedly in his broken french.
"when they tellme we have killed the man i know the police get us."
he would say no more.
his words seemed to imply that neither he norrossi meant to do other than maim the journalist whom they regarded asde courtois's dangerous helper; but he did not urge the plea.
perhapshe felt that when a hungarian uses a knife, a trifling error in thematter of direction is pardonable.
"i shall not go home now," said steingall, bidding farewell to hisallies when martiny had been formally identified and charged.
"i mustget this thing thoroughly straightened out before morning, though theinquest and police court proceedings will be mere adjournments.
good-night, mr. devar.
good-night, mr. curtis.
once more, thank you.
and, by the way, if all is not well at the plaza, 'phone me at once.
remember, won't you?
"say, old man," muttered devar, gazing fixedly at brodie's broadshoulders as broadway unrolled its even width before the car on theuptown journey, "are we the same couple of blighters who met in abathroom gangway, 'b' deck, near staterooms 51 and 52, on board thecunard steamship _lusitania_, about twenty-one hours since; or have webecome dematerialized?"
curtis knew that the boy was quivering with excitement, but it wasuseless to advise a slackening of the tension, so he merely said:"do you feel like a mahatma?"
"if a mahatma is a fellow with a head like a balloon, not in size, butin contents, yes.
have you ever had a real jag on you, not the bigdinner, big bottle, big cigar sort of imitation, but the wild-eyed,imp-seeing, genuine rip-snorter?"
neither have you."
"i should have denied the charge before to-night.
but i know now whatit means.
it is a brain-storm induced by rum.
there are many othervarieties, at least fifty-seven, and i've sampled fifty-six differentsorts in nine hours.
do you realize that it is just nine hours since iwalked into the central hotel, and the orchestra struck up?
and do you remember, curtis, i said as we came up theharbor that you would have a hell of a good time in new york?
likewise ho, ho!
a good time!
eating, fighting, marrying, plungingneck and crop out of one frantic revel into another.
talk aboutdelirium tremens, and its little green devils with little pinkeyes--why, it's commonplace, that's what it is--a poor sort ofpipe-dream compared with the reality of life in new york as seen incompany with john delancy curtis, of pekin."
devar was not by any means the first person in the city who hadassociated the name of the capital of china with some bizarre andelusive element of fantasy in connection with the man who gave "pekin"as his address.
there was no explaining the conceit; it was just oneof those whimsies which are alike plausible yet enigmatical.
hadcurtis described himself as being of london, or paris, or even ofyokohama, no sense of mystery would have attached itself to hispersonality.
but, to the world at large, pekin represents the unknown,and therefore the incongruous.
it is the forbidden city, the innershrine of the east, the symbolic rallying-point of a race whichoccupies no common ground with the peoples of europe or america.
hadcurtis written that he hailed from lhassa, his legal domicile wouldhave lost its occult extravagance save to the discriminating few.
the mere mention of pekin now brought back to curtis's mind the lasttime he had written the word, and, by association of ideas, the queerway in which steingall had twice alluded to the plaza hotel.
he saidnothing of this to devar.
he thought, and with good reason, that thesooner that young man was in bed and asleep the better it would be forhis health, because a mercurial temperament was levying heavy draughtson physical powers, so he gave no hint of the nebulous doubt induced bythe detective's words.
"the order of the day is bed for each of us," he said, bidding hisfriend farewell at the door of the hotel.
"therefore, i shall notoffer you any sort of hospitality at this hour, except the kindest oneof saying good-by speedily.
you are coming to lunch, i think?"
devar's head wagged solemnly.
feverishly wakeful, he wasreally half asleep.
"don't talk to me of lunch.
you haven't hadbreakfast yet, john d.  new york will keep you busy yet awhile, or idon't size her up right.
good old new york!
isn't she a peach?
well, so long!
if you want me, 'phone.
i'll pull a couch under theinstrument and sleep with my clothes on.
if i shove my head beneath atap i'll be as right as rain.
then curtis entered the hotel, and a night-porter took him up in theelevator.
when he opened the door of suite f. its tiny lobby was indarkness, but the lights in the sitting-room were switched on.
evidently, then, neither he nor devar was mistaken in identifying thoseilluminated windows when the chase led them past the hotel.
but he wasstruck instantly by the fact that the door leading to hermione's roomwas wide open, and, before he could assimilate this singular fact, hesaw a note lying on a small table just where it must catch his eye onentering his own bedroom.
curtis was no soothsayer, but he was endowed with a penetrating andusually accurate judgment, and he knew at once that hermione had lefthim.
although he had only seen her handwriting when she signed theregister at the clergyman's house he recognized the same free,well-formed characters in the "john delancy curtis, esq."
he paled, perhaps, and a pang of a pain crueller than bodilyill may have wrung his heart, but he hesitated not a second aboutopening the letter.
then he read:"dear mr. curtis:--my father has been here, and with him a mr. ottoschmidt, a lawyer.
they told me that jean de courtois is alive, andthat you know it, and have known it throughout.
gladly would i haverefused to believe them, but, sometimes, there are statements whichcannot be lies--which partake of truth in their very essence--whichsear their way into one's consciousness as white-hot iron scorches theflesh.
still, owing to my trust in you, i clung to the frail hope thatthere might be some mistake, so, when they had gone, i telephoned thecentral hotel, and a clerk there assured me that monsieur de courtoiswas in bed and asleep.
"what am i to say?
perhaps, silence is best.
marcelle and i arereturning to my apartments in 59th street.
please do not come there.
i feel now that i have been selfish and misguided.
i fear it will hurtyou if i ask to be permitted to bear the heavy expense you must incurwith regard to the wretched affair into which i have dragged you,though involuntarily, or, shall i put it?
with the blind striving forsuccor of one sinking in deep waters.
yet, do me one last kindness,and let me reimburse you.
that would be a small concession to mypride, because, in some respects, sorely as i am wounded, i shallregard myself as ever in your debt.
"sincerely yours,  hermione.
this person, schmidt, seems to be reliable.
you might arrangematters with him."
now, above and beyond every other characteristic, curtis wasfair-minded.
he read the girl's letter once in order to learn what hadhappened and why she had gone: then he reread it critically, word forword, trying to distil from its disjointed phrases "that essence oftruth" which hermione had spoken of.
evidently, she had determined tokeep her words within the bare walls of necessity.
the note had ajerkiness of style that was certainly absent from her speech, and thefact argued that she was compelling herself to write with restraint.
she was brimming over with reproach, grief-stricken, and miserable, andunquestionably shocked beyond measure, but she had forced thereflection: "i have no real claim on this man, nor wrong to lay at hisdoor, and, although he has deceived me, i am under heavy obligation tohim, so i must neither condemn nor reproach, but say nothing that goesbeyond a temperate explanation of my action."
the signature itself was eloquent of the conflict which raged in hertroubled brain while the pen was framing those formal sentences.
well-bred young ladies do not sign themselves by their christian names,_tout court_, in notes written to young gentlemen of an evening'sacquaintance.
yet, what was she to do?
"hermione beauregardgrandison" had gone beyond recovery with the marriage ceremony, but"hermione curtis" was almost ludicrous, considering the text of this,the first note she had written to her "husband."
it was only one side of curtis's self-reliant nature which analyzed,and criticised, and weighed matters with such judicial calm.
there wasanother which brought a hard glint into his eyes, and caused a handwhich gripped the molded back of a lightly-built chair to exert a forceof which he was unconscious until the mahogany rail snapped.
then he remembered steingall, and his enigmatical inquiries, and turnedto the telephone.
at sound of his voice, the detective cleared away any doubt as to thereason which inspired those vague questions.
"lady hermione has gone, has she?"
he said sympathetically.
"i thoughtas much.
there was no use in worrying you about it sooner, but i wastold that the earl and schmidt had visited her, and that she and themaid had left the hotel in a taxi a few minutes after the departure ofthe visitors.
will you take my advice?"
"what is it?"
"you ought to have said 'yes' at once.
go to bed, and force yourselfto sleep.
give no instructions to be called, but get up when youwaken, and start a new day with a clear head.
you'll need it."
"i'm not going to disturb the peace of lady hermione's apartments in59th street, if that is what you mean."
in fact, not at all.
you are not that kind of a man.
didshe leave any message?"
"yes, a letter.
would you care to hear it?"
"if you have no objection."
curtis read the note instantly, and, so delicate is the perceptivenessof the ear, he could almost follow the trend of the detective'sunspoken thought by a hiss of breath or a muttered "hum," as a name wasmentioned or a reason given for some particular action.
"like the majority of women, she conveys the most important fact in apostscript," was steingall's dry comment when curtis had reached theend.
"where shall i find this man, schmidt?"
"are you in a hurry, then, to begin the suit for dissolution?"
"that does not account for my anxiety to meet schmidt."
"he is a stoutly-built individual, with a large, soft neck, and eyeswhich would protrude most satisfactorily under pressure.
is that whatyou mean?"
"i want to make his acquaintance, and soon--that is all."
"now, mr. curtis, don't destroy the good opinion i have formed of you.
let well enough alone.
schmidt has done you a splendid turn, and itwould be foolish on your part to requite a benefactor by trying tostrangle him."
"mr. steingall, i am tired, and very, very uncertain of myself----""so you don't want even to pretend that there is any humor in thesituation.
yet, unless i err greatly, before many hours have passedyou will agree with me that nothing more directly fortunate in yourbehalf could have occurred than schmidt's interference as lordvalletort's legal adviser.
i know schmidt, and schmidt knows me.
inthis affair you would be a baby in his hands, just as he would resemblea bladder of lard in yours.
my difficulty is that i really cannot givereasons, but you will appreciate the position when i say that, for themoment, the murder of mr. hunter has become an affair of state, and allinformation regarding recent developments will be withheld from thepress.
do you follow?"
"i take it, too, that if lady hermione were restored to you, and it wasleft to the pair of you to determine whether or not the marriageentered into under such extraordinary conditions should become a realunion, you would be satisfied?"
"i don't see how----""you can at least take my word for it, mr. curtis, that the chance ofsuch an outcome will be greatly forwarded if you go straight to bed,whereas any design you may have formed as to assaulting and batteringotto schmidt would, if put into execution, probably defeat the moreimportant object, or, at any rate, cripple its prospects of success."
"do you really mean that?"
"i am almost sure of it.
there is only one thing of which i am morecertain at the moment."
"and that is?"
"that if it were not for your quickness of eye and hand--and foot, forthat matter--i would now be laid out in a mortuary or on an hospitaltable.
i appreciate those qualities when exercised on a person likemartiny, whose main argument is centered in an automatic pistol, butthey would be singularly out of place if tested on otto schmidt, whenbacked by the laws of the united states, which, strange as it may seem,i also represent."
"if you put it that way, steingall----""i do, most emphatically.
let me be more precise.
promise me now thatyou will not stir out of the plaza hotel until i come to you."
"is that really essential?"
"i would not ask you if it were not."
"what time may i expect you?"
"let me see.
it is now nearly five o'clock.
i hope to sleeptill eight.
i give you till nine.
bath and breakfast brings you toten.
"i owe you a good deal, so i shall await you till noon.
after thathour i reserve my freedom of action."
the detective laughed.
"good-by," he said, and, as though in keeping with the other fantasiesof the night, curtis was sound asleep in quarter of an hour.
he hadacquired the faculty of sleeping under any conditions of mental orphysical stress, short of illness or severe bodily pain, and he couldawake at any hour previously determined on, so, a few minutes beforenine o'clock he was in his bath.
at a quarter-past nine he rang for awaiter and ordered breakfast.
"for one, sir?"
said the man, who had not been on duty the previousevening, but had taken care to ascertain the names of the guests on hissection of the floor.
"yes, for one," said curtis.
"my wife and her maid are notbreakfasting in the hotel.
will you kindly send up a batch of morningnewspapers?"
it was only to be expected that the keen and bright intelligence of newyork journalism should have fastened on to the murder in 27th street assomething out of the ordinary.
but its methods were new to the manwhose adult years had been passed far from his native city, and he wasastounded now to find how the descriptive reporter, aided by thephotographer, had depicted and dissected nearly every feature of thecrime.
on one point the press was silent--as yet.
there was nomention of lady hermione, and, with a reticence which spoke volumes forthe close relations existing between police and reporters, the earl ofvalletort and count vassilan were represented as merely "enquiring for"john delancy curtis, "the man from pekin."
curtis had spread the newspapers on the table, and, when a tap on thedoor of the sitting-room seemed to indicate the re-appearance of thewaiter, he swept them up in a heap, meaning to go through them atleisure after breakfast.
"come in," he said, turning casually.
the door opened, and hermione entered.
it was what dramatists term "a psychological moment," and, according toberkeley, one of the axioms of psychology is that it never transcendsthe limits of the individual.
most certainly, at that moment, thetruth of this dictum was demonstrated in a manner which would havesurprised even the doughty philosopher himself.
curtis saw nothing, knew nothing, thought of nothing not strictlybounded by the fact that hermione, and none other, stood there.
hegazed at her spell-bound for a second or two.
he neither moved norspoke, but remained stock-still, with the newspapers gathered in hishands, while his eyes blazed into hers without any pretense ofrestraint.
she was rosy red, partly because of the wine-like morning air throughwhich she had walked swiftly, but more, perhaps, because of a very realembarrassment and contriteness of spirit.
"i came," she faltered--"i am here--that is--will you ever forgiveme!----"down went the papers, and round hermione went curtis's strong arms.
hewas a man of thew and sinew, against whom a slender girl's strengthmight not hope to prevail.
the last thing she looked for was to beembraced at sight.
it is the last thing any woman expects, and the onething to which she is most apt to yield.
and really, despite herfluttered cry of protest, there was something very comforting anddependable about that masculine hug.
hermione had never before beenclasped in a man's arms.
she was a highly kissable person, and womenwould embrace her readily, but the total absence of any milk-and-waterconvention about curtis's method of showing delight at meeting her wasat once bewildering and stupefying.
there must be a great deal, too, which does not leap promptly to theeye in the study of such a dry-as-dust subject as psychology, becausethree of its fixed principles are: "experience is the process ofbecoming expert by experiment," "one finds a measure of truth in thenaïve realism of common sense;" and "action and reaction are strictlycorrelative."
applying these tests to the remarkable rapidity of decision and fixityof purpose displayed by curtis in squeezing the breath out of hermione,and gazing into her eyes until her proud head bent and sought refugefor a glowing face by hiding it on his breast, it will be noted first,that, for a man who had no experience in love-making, curtis wasquickly becoming expert; secondly, that common sense teaches that ifone would win a wife one must also woo her; and thirdly, that awonderfully effective way to obtain a satisfactory response fromhermione was to reveal the educational value of a hug.
at last, then--though not before hermione's arms had gone around hisneck of their own accord, and her lips had met his with a sigh of sheercontent--he permitted her to speak.
and of all things in the world shesaid that which it thrilled him to hear.
"john, dear," she murmured, "we have become husband and wife in astrange, mad way, but, perhaps it is for the best, and i shall trynever to give you cause for regret."
by this time one hand was firmly braced around her waist, but the otherwas free to lift her chin until her swimming eyes met his.
"hermione," he said, "i vowed last night that not all the men and lawsin america would tear you from me.
if we parted, it was you, and youalone, who could send me away, and i am glad, oh, so glad, that youhave come back to me."
"dearest, it sounds like a dream," she said brokenly.
"can a man and awoman truly love each other who have only met as you and i have met?"
"i think we have solved that problem for all time," he said, tiltingher hat with the joyous abandon of a lover jealous even of the flowersand plaited straw which should hide any of the sweet perfections of hismistress.
"but you have plunged me into a sort of trance," she whispered.
"icame here to explain----"an ominous rattle of a laden tray at the outer door drove them apart asthough a thunderbolt had fallen between them.
hermione rushed to herown room, there to consult a mirror, and readjust her hat and veil anddisordered hair, but curtis met a hurrying waiter.
"sorry to bother you," he said, "but my wife has come in unexpectedly,and we shall want breakfast for two."
he raised his voice:"coffee for you, hermione, or would you prefer tea?"
"coffee, of course," was the answer, in so calm and collected a tonethat the waiter thought he must have been mistaken in his firstimpression.
"no trouble at all, sir," he said, with the ready civility of hisclass.
"unless you wish to wait, sir, i'll bring another cup and somehot plates, and order a further supply from the kitchen."
"you're a man of resource," cried curtis cheerfully.
"i leave thearrangements to you with confidence.
come along, hermione.
don't say you have breakfasted already."
"i won't, because i haven't," she said, reappearing with a smilingnonchalance which removed the last shred of doubt from the waiter'smind.
but, for all that, she electrified curtis with a timidlygrateful glance, for she appreciated his thoughtfulness in giving heran opportunity to collect her scattered wits.
there was need of somesuch respite; she had much to relate, she thought, before he couldpossibly understand the motives which led to her flight.
barely half an hour ago mr. steingall had put in an appearance at herapartment.
he had told her, with convincing brevity, exactly whycurtis refrained from adding to her perplexities by announcing thecomparative well-being of jean de courtois.
"he was very kind," said hermione, sweetly penitent, "but he made mefeel rather like a worm when he said that if i were his own daughter hewould thank god that i had fallen into the hands of a man like you.
hesaid, too, that if i owed you something, he owed you more, because youhad saved his life last night, so, being an impulsive creature, ihurried here to ask your forgiveness for that horrid note."
"there is no lie so difficult to combat as a half truth," said john.
"that fellow, schmidt, impressed you because he probably believed whathe was saying.
as for steingall, he makes rather too much of what idid for him, but, if there was any debt on his side, he has repaid mewith ample interest."
the waiter had left the room, and hermione was free to blush withoutrestraint, a privilege she availed herself of fully now.
"but, dear, you and i can hardly feel that we are really married," shesaid.
i cannot remain here now.
perhaps your uncle and aunt will receive me--until----""it is surprising how easily one can get married if one is really benton the act," said curtis, discussing the point as coolly as if it werea question as to where they would lunch.
"at any rate, we shall settlethat difficulty to your complete satisfaction.
i expect steingall herein less than an hour.
meanwhile, we have lots to tell each other.
iwant you to know just what sort of husband you have drawn in thelottery."
"do you take me on trust, then?"
"absolutely without reservation."
obviously, the conversation did not flag before the detective wasannounced.
he looked tired and preoccupied when he came in, but hisshrewd, pleasant face brightened with a cheery smile when he sawhermione, who was pretending to be interested in a newspaper.
"i am glad to find that two people, at least, have taken my advice," hesaid.
"now, mr. curtis, i want you for an hour.
the various officialinquiries are adjourned till next week, and your presence was dispensedwith.
but we are going now to the office of mr. otto schmidt, where weshall have the pleasure of meeting the earl of valletort, countladislas vassilan, and, possibly, monsieur jean de courtois.
onno account, young lady," and he turned to hermione, "must you run awayagain during our absence."
"i shall not," said hermione, so emphatically that they all laughed.
nature was kind that morning.
a flood of sunshine greeted curtis whenhe turned into fifth avenue with the detective, as the latter hadsuggested that they might walk a little way before taking a taxi, therebeing plenty of time before the hour fixed for the meeting in schmidt'soffice.
it was a morning when life and good health assumed theirfitting places in the forefront of those many and varied considerationswhich form the sum of human happiness.
the world had suddenly resumedits everyday aspect of bustle and content.
new york smiled at its newcitizen, and the new citizen beamed appreciatively on new york.
"i cannot explain matters to you fully even yet----" steingall wassaying, when an automobile drew up close to the curb, and a well-knownvoice cried joyously:"just in time.
where's the fire?
there's bound to be a blaze when youtwo run in a leash."
devar bounced out of the car, and brodie grinned with pleasure.
thechauffeur was beginning to like the excitement of acting assupernumerary on the staff of the detective bureau.
"will you jump in, or shall i prowl with you down fifth avenue?"
askeddevar, blithely ignoring steingall's somewhat strained welcome.
"we are keeping an appointment," said curtis.
"i, for one, shall bemore than pleased if the combination which proved so effective lastnight may remain intact this morning."
"steingall daren't cut adrift from me," said devar.
"if you knew thetruth about him, you'd find that he is deeply superstitious, and i'm areal mascot for bringing good luck.
perhaps he is not aware, john d.,that i was the impresario who 'presented' you to an admiring public.
tell him that, and see if he has the nerve to say i'm not wanted."
"come along, mr. devar," said the detective, apparently yielding to asudden resolve.
"i think i can make use of you--justify your presence,that is.
tell your chauffeur to wait for us at 42d street."
off went brodie, jubilant at the prospect of his services being inrequisition again.
he had not yet learnt the application to all thingsmundane of disraeli's quip that it is the unexpected which happens.
"now, i want you two gentlemen to attend closely to what i have tosay," said steingall seriously, placing himself between them, so thathis words might not reach other ears than those for which they wereintended.
"mr. hunter's murder has passed long ago out of the commonclass of crimes.
it will be inquired into thoroughly, of course, andpunishment will be dealt out impartially to those responsible for itscommission.
but--and this is the point i want to emphasize--neither ofyou know, nor am i at liberty to inform you--just what bounds theauthorities may reach, or stop at.
have i made my meaning clear?"
"yes," said curtis.
"we're to be good little boys, and sit still, and say nothing, and doas we're told," said devar.
"i'm not asking impossibilities," said steingall, who had a dry humor,and seldom missed a chance of gratifying it.
"i have merely laid downa proviso which must be observed, not for a day, or a week, but as longas any of us is alive.
state affairs are not the property ofindividuals.
they come first, all the time.
if they don't suit ourconvenience, we must simply adjust ourselves to the new conditions."
"you alarm me, steingall," cried devar.
"have we been drawn into aninternational squabble?
don't tell me that devar's canned salmon isreally a deadly sort of bomb."
"i've heard more improbable things.
but you would not be your father'sson, mr. devar, if you can't keep a tight lip when statements are madein your presence which may astonish you.
mr. curtis and you are nowabout to meet a very clever man, otto schmidt, the lawyer, and i fancyyour name will help in the argument.
is your father in new york?"
"he arrives here from chicago to-night."
"he has never met mr.
"no, but he jolly soon will."
"but, if it were possible to get hold of him by telephone or telegraphto-day, he would say he had never heard of him?"
"i guess that's so.
what are you driving at?"
"schmidt must know your father.
they are bound to have come togetherin more than one important deal."
"it seems to me that, if the father's evidence is not available, theson's gains a trifle more weight."
"dash me if i can imagine where you are getting off at, steingall."
"you regard mr. curtis as a friend?"
"i am proud of the fact."
"stick to that, and you will do him good service."
"well, that's easy."
the detective seemed to be picking his words with a good deal of care.
he covered several paces in silence, and curtis, who had reverted tohis normal habit of sober gravity, took no part in the conversation.
his estimate of its purport differed from devar's.
that light-heartedyoungster was somewhat annoyed by the detective's implied hint that hisfriendship with curtis rested on no more solid foundation than asteamer acquaintance, and would hardly bear the test of close scrutinyif it came to analysis on the score of prior knowledge, or if histestimony were sought as to curtis's earlier career.
but he had thegood sense to understand that steingall was actuated by no lightmotive, so he held his peace.
curtis went farther.
he believed thatthe detective was telling devar what to say and how to say it.
"now that we have settled the matter of mr. curtis's references," saidsteingall, resuming the talk as though it had not been interrupted, "ireach the next item.
both of you are aware that two men have beenarrested, and one is dead, and that all three were concerned in theattack on mr.
"yes," came the simultaneous answer.
"i want you to forget names, except with regard to lamotte, thechauffeur.
martiny and rossi, for the time being, vanish into theewigkeit."
curtis could not help saying.
"no, for a week or so."
steingall darted a quick glance to hisquestioner.
"i have a stupid trick of adopting phrases from my petauthors," he said.
"does ewigkeit mean eternity?"
"well, then, i withdraw it."
"or rüdesheim," suggested devar wickedly.
despite his german-sounding name, he spoke frenchfluently, but german not at all.
"they're off the map," he said.
"there, that's good american, and i'llget on with my story, or rather, with the lack of it.
i cannot, ofcourse, foretell the exact lines our discussion with schmidt and hisclients will follow, but if i have made you understand that yourcombined share in it is to say little, and be thoroughly non-committalin anything you may have to say, i am content."
"you are as mysterious as an astrologer," vowed devar.
"having moneyto burn one day in paris, i visited one of those jokers, and he told mei was born in capricorn, under the sign of aries, and i as good as toldhim he was a liar, because i was born in manhattan under an ordinaryroof.
that reminds me, john d., you're a whale on stars.
didyou spot those two last night, low down in the west?"
"and what did they prognosticate?"
"that you and i would promise mr. steingall not to spoil any scheme hemay have in mind by interfering at an inopportune moment."
"i suppose i ought to feel crushed, but i don't," said devar.
"my dear fellow, if it hadn't been for you and your loyal championshipat the right moment, i might easily have been in jail as an accompliceof the unknown scoundrels who killed mr.
"that's the right kind of remark," broke in the detective.
"i thinki'll offer each of you a post in the bureau after this business isended."
"give me a pointer on one matter," said devar.
"you spoke of schmidt'sclients.
who are they?"
he whistled softly when he heard the names of valletort and vassilanand de courtois.
"up to the neck in it again!"
"oh, it's me that is thehappy youth because i blew in to new york at the right time yesterday."
otto schmidt's office was in madison square, perched high above theclatter of 23d street.
the windows of the lawyer's private sanctumcommanded magnificent views of the city to south and west, and in thatmarvelously clear air the statue of liberty seemed to be little morethan a mile away, while the villas of montclair and houses on otherheights in the neighboring state were distinctly visible.
steingall and his friends were the first to arrive, and schmidtreceived them with the air of armed neutrality a lawyer displaystowards the opposite camp.
he begged them to be seated, smiledpleasantly when curtis asked to be allowed to admire the interestingpanorama spread before his eyes, but gave devar a contemplative lookwhen steingall introduced him.
"mr. howard devar, son of my friend william b.
"yes," said devar, feeling that this was safe ground.
"my father andyou put it that way since you pulled off the saskatchewan combinetogether, but i've heard him describe you differently."
schmidt, who looked more egg-like than ever at this hour of themorning, disapproved of such flippancy.
"william b. devar is a fair fighter," he said.
"he gives and takeshard knocks with perfect good humor.
but, may i inquire how you cometo figure in a matter which, if i understand aright a message receivedfrom mr. steingall, concerns persons with whom you can have little incommon?"
"it was a mere toss-up whether i or my friend, john delancy curtis,took the floor against the combination of noble lords who have retainedyou to look after their interests, or protect them, i ought to say; butfate favored him, so i am a mere bottle-holder.
to push the simile abit farther, mr. schmidt, i may describe mr. steingall as the refereeand watch-holder.
when he cries 'time' someone will go to sing-sing."
perhaps some attribute of the father revealed itself in the son,because steingall, who thought at first that devar had allowed histongue to run away with him, fancied that the lawyer dropped hisinquiries somewhat suddenly.
"the earl of valletort and count vassilan are due now," he said,glancing at a clock.
"oh, they will be here without fail," said the detective.
"mr. clancy,of the bureau, is bringing de courtois."
"that depends wholly on de courtois.
he has to come, whether he likesit or not.
whether he will be allowed to go away again is anothermatter."
schmidt's eyelids fell in thought.
probably he reflected that thereare two sides to every argument, and he had heard but one.
certainly,john delancy curtis did not strike him as the dare-devil meddler, ifnot worse, he had been depicted by the fiery earl.
"the earl of valletort and count ladislas vassilan," announced a clerk,and curtis took one square look at his rival.
he needed no more toconfirm hermione's unfavorable opinion.
the count's appearance was notprepossessing.
his nose was still swollen, and the earnest effort of adoctor to paint out two black eyes had not been wholly successful.
his lordship looked mightily displeased when he discovered the presenceof curtis and devar, but he was a self-confident man, and regardedhimself as a personage of such importance that he assumed the lead inthis company at once.
moreover, it was evident that he had resolved tokeep a firm rein on his temper.
"now, mr. schmidt," he said brusquely, "your time and mine is valuable.
why have count vassilan and i been summoned here this morning by thepolice authorities?"
schmidt looked at steingall, and the detective seemed to be almost at aloss for words.
"i am--not aware--there is any particular call--for hurry," he said.
"are you, my lord, and count vassilan thinking of returning to europeto-morrow?"
the hungarian laughed, not mirthfully, but with the forced gayety of aman who had considered how to act, and meant to adopt a decidedattitude.
"certainly not," said the earl stiffly, with uplifted eyebrows.
steingall pursed his lips, and his forehead seamed in a reflectivefrown.
"i ought to explain," he said, "that i put that question as offeringwhat appeared to me an easy way out of a situation which bristles withdifficulties otherwise."
his hesitancy had suddenly been replaced by slowness of utterance, butit is reasonable to suppose that, of those present, curtis and schmidtalone noted the marked distinction.
"my good man," said the earl, "you must have the strangest notion ofthe reason which accounts for my presence in new york.
i came here torescue my daughter from a set of designing ruffians, some of whom iknew of, and others whom i had never heard of.
why you should thinkthat i may have it in mind to leave the country without beingaccompanied by lady hermione grandison i cannot tell, and it is in thehighest degree improbable that she will be prepared to sail to-morrow.
apart from my private arrangements, too, i mean to remain here until ihave punished at least one person as he deserves."
"jean de courtois?"
that man who stands there, and whose name is given ascurtis."
the earl nearly grew wrathful.
it annoyed him to find that curtis wasnot looking at him at all, but was greatly interested in schmidt.
thatwas another trait of curtis's.
he had learnt long ago to select theablest among his adversaries, and watch that man's face.
mereimpassivity supplied no real cloak, for curtis, in his time, had dealtwith chinese mandarins whose countenances betrayed no more expressionthan a carved ivory mask.
"but it was de courtois who meant to marry lady hermione?"
"that remains to be seen.
the person who did marry her signed himselfjohn delancy curtis."
instantly the detective turned to otto schmidt.
"it will assist the inquiry if you tell us whether or not such amarriage, if it took place under the assumed conditions, that is, byuse of a marriage license not intended for one of the parties, islegal," he said.
"i have no doubt whatever that, in the circumstances, the courts willfind it to be illegal," was the answer.
"that the lady quitted her supposed husband as soon as she discoveredthe fraud which had been practised on her."
steingall weighed the point for a moment.
"i see," he nodded.
"if she refused to remain with him, the marriagewould be declared void.
but if she elected to treat the marriage as abinding act, no matter how it was procured, and continued to live withher husband, that vital fact would affect the question of validity?"
"as you say, it would be a vital fact."
the detective was clearly impressed, but lord valletort swept asidethese quibbles of jurisprudence.
"my daughter's actions will be revealed in detail to a judge," he saidloftily.
"at present i fail to see what bearing they have on thediscussion, unless, indeed, you mean to arrest curtis immediately on acharge which i am prepared to formulate."
"no, that is not why i requested your lordship and count vassilan tocome here this morning," said steingall, gazing anxiously at the clock.
"i would prefer to await the arrival of detective clancy with jean decourtois, but, if the frenchman refuses to come, he is within hisrights, and i suppose i shall have to apply for a warrant, though, if ichoose, i can arrest him merely on suspicion."
"suspicion of what?"
demanded the earl.
"of complicity in the murder of mr. hunter last night."
"the man was tied in his room at the time of the murder," cried thehungarian hoarsely, speaking for the first time since he had enteredschmidt's office.
he was obviously excited, and excitement is apowerful foe of good resolutions, with which the moral pavement islittered in hungary and elsewhere.
"that does not affect the charge of complicity," said steingallthoughtfully.
"a man may be an accomplice, though the actual crime iscommitted at a time and place when he is far distant.
it is possiblefor an accomplice to be in paris, or on the high seas, while a victimis falling under an assassin's knife in new york.
a man, or a numberof men, can even be what i may term unconscious accomplices, in thesense that their actions and instructions have brought about a crime,though their intent may have stopped short of actual violence.
iassure you, my lord, the arm of the law reaches far when life is taken,and the death of a popular and prominent journalist like mr. hunterwill be inquired into most searchingly."
the detective spoke so impressively that lord valletort eyed him with aspecies of misgiving, while count vassilan, whose knowledge of englishwas excellent, had broken out into a perspiration.
a smooth, mellifluous voice suddenly intervened.
otto schmidt thoughtfit to assume a role for which lord valletort was manifestly illequipped.
"we seem to be dealing with two items which, though related, byaccident, as it were, yet differ widely.
the earl of valletort isinterested only in his daughter's marriage, mr.
the detective wheeled round on him.
"precisely, mr. schmidt, but it happens, unfortunately, that themarriage of lady hermione and mr. curtis was the direct outcome of themurder of mr. hunter.
more than that, mr. hunter met his death becauseof the plot and counter-plot attending the preliminary arrangements forher ladyship's marriage.
the two events, so far apart in their nature,thus become indissolubly connected."
"and is that why we are to have the pleasure of seeing monsieur decourtois?"
"perhaps, before he comes, you will be good enough to give us someidea, informally of course, as to the statement,--or, shall i sayrevelation?--he may make."
"it is asking a good deal of a police official," said steingall,smiling pleasantly, "but if i am assured that the discussion willreally be regarded as informal, i am ready to speak quite openly."
"it is a characteristic of yours, mr. steingall, which has oftencommanded the admiration of the new york bar," said schmidt.
"then," said the detective, "i must begin by telling you that mr.clancy and i were in morris siegelman's saloon in east broadway shortlyafter midnight last night."
a curious click issued from the throat of that distinguished hungarianmagnate, count ladislas vassilan, and everyone present noticed itexcept the chief of the detective bureau.
he, it would appear, wasbusy marshaling his thoughts.
"for all practical purposes, our inquiry began there," he continued.
"we intercepted a note written by a certain gentleman, and intended tobe conveyed to a pole named peter balusky.
he, and a hungarian, franzviviadi, together with a french chauffeur, whose real name is lamotte,but who has been passing recently as anatole labergerie, are now underarrest.
mr. curtis has recognized lamotte as the driver of theautomobile out of which mr. hunter stepped to meet his death, andlamotte himself has confessed his share in the crime.
the preciseconnection of balusky and viviadi with it remains yet to be determined.
they undoubtedly visited the central hotel last night.
theyundoubtedly were the paid agents of some person or persons interestedin preventing the marriage of lady hermione grandison.
theyundoubtedly received letters and wireless messages which seem toimplicate others, far removed from them in social position, in theplot, or undertaking, that her ladyship's marriage should not takeplace.
as a lawyer, mr. schmidt, you will see that i cannot possiblyenter into full details, but i think i have said sufficient to prove mymain contention, which is, you will remember, that it will bedifficult, very difficult, to dissociate the two incidents--i mean themarriage and the murder."
during quite an appreciable time there was no sound in the spaciousapartment other than the heavy breathing of count ladislas vassilan.
he had openly and candidly abandoned all pretense.
he was now nothingmore nor less than a burly, well-fed, well-dressed evil-doer quakingwith fear.
"difficult, you say, mr.
repeated the lawyer, selecting, aswas his way, the word which supplied the key to a whole sentence.
"very difficult," corrected the detective.
"but not impossible?"
"i would not care to hazard a reasoned opinion, but it seems to methat, in certain conditions, the district attorney might elect toconfine the inquiry to its main issues, which are, of course, thecauses of the crime, and the conviction of the persons actually engagedin it."
"why did you want to bring jean de courtois here?"
"because he is the connecting link between the one set of circumstancesand the other."
"is he coming, do you think?"
steingall looked at the clock, and showed a disappointment which he didnot try to conceal.
"i fear not," he said.
"i told clancy only to try and persuade him tocome.
the frenchman is pretending to be ill, but he is not ill, onlyfrightened."
"frightened of what?"
"of the consequences of his own acts.
in a sense, mr. hunter was hisally, but only from a journalist's standpoint, which centered in thesensation which would be provided by the projected marriage."
schmidt's eyelids had fallen and risen regularly during the past fewminutes.
they dropped now for a longer period than usual.
as for lordvalletort and his would-be son-in-law, they were profoundly andunfeignedly ill at ease.
even a british earl cannot afford to playfast and loose with the law, and it did seem most convincingly clearthat they had brought themselves within measurable reach of the law bythe tactics they had employed prior to their arrival in new york.
oddly enough, their own possible connection with the murder of thejournalist was a good deal more patent to them than to curtis anddevar, who were vastly better posted in the evidence affecting them.
still more curiously, not a word had been said about martiny or rossi.
"let us suppose," said schmidt, when his eyes had opened again, "thatlady hermione elects to return to europe at once with her father, theearl----"steingall shook his head with a weary smile, and the lawyer's voiceceased suddenly.
"out of the question, mr. schmidt, out of the question.
i am sure ofit.
why, little more than half an hour ago i found her with mr. curtisin their apartments at the plaza hotel----""ridiculous!"
shrieked lord valletort in a shrill falsetto.
"mydaughter passed the night in her apartment in 59th street.
i myselfsaw her go there."
your lordship would know the facts if you watched herdeparture from the plaza hotel.
but a woman has the inalienableprivilege of changing her mind, and lady hermione has returned to herhusband.
in fact, i am given to understand that she and mr. curtis arearranging a new marriage, not because the earlier ceremony is illegal,or can be upset, but in deference to certain natural scruples whichsuch a charming young lady would be bound to entertain.
therecan be no manner of doubt as to the correctness of what i am saying,"and the detective's tone grew emphatic in view of the earl's pish-tushgestures.
"you have a telephone there, mr. schmidt.
ring up theplaza, and speak to the lady yourself."
the lawyer did nothing of the sort.
he eyed curtis in hiscontemplative way, being aware that the quiet man standing near awindow had favored him with his exclusive attention during theproceedings.
but lord valletort was moved now to stormy protest.
he was convulsedwith passion, and seemed to be careless what the outcome might be solong as he lashed curtis with venom.
"you are the only person in this infernal city whose actions areconsistent," he roared at him.
"it is quite evident that you haveascertained by some means that my daughter is exceedingly wealthy, andyou have managed to delude her into the belief that your conduct isaltruistic and above reproach.
but you make a great mistake if youbelieve that i can be set aside as an incompetent fool.
i shall gostraight from this office to that of the district attorney, and lay thewhole of the facts before him.
i----""does your lordship wish to dispense with my services?"
broke inschmidt, speaking without flurry or heat.
the angry earl choked, butremained silent, and the lawyer kept on in the same even tone:"may i suggest, mr. steingall, that you and mr. curtis and mr. devarshould step into another room while i have a brief consultation withlord valletort and count vassilan?"
"i cannot become a party to any arrangement----" began steingall, butotto schmidt bowed him and his companions out suavely.
those twounderstood each other fully, no matter what divergencies of opinionmight exist elsewhere.
when the door had closed on the three men in a smaller room, devar wasabout to say something, but steingall checked him with a warning hand.
walking to a window, he stood there, with his back turned on hiscompanions, and stared out into the square beneath.
once they fanciedthey saw him nod his head in a species of signal, but they might havebeen in error.
at any rate, their thoughts were soon distracted by theentrance of the stout lawyer.
"on some occasions, the fewest words are the most satisfactory," hesaid, "so i wish to inform you, mr. steingall, that lord valletort andcount vassilan intend to sail for europe by to-morrow's steamer.
theyhave empowered me to offer to pay the passage money to france of themusic-teacher, jean de courtois, though not by the same vessel as thatin which they purpose traveling.
as for you, mr. curtis, the earlwithdraws all threats, and leaves you to settle your dispute with theauthorities as you may think fit.
may i add that if you choose toconsult me i shall be glad to act for you.
i would not say this if itwas merely a professional matter, but there are circumstances--certainly, i shall be here at eleven o'clock on monday.
till then,sir, i wish you good-day.
good-day, mr. devar.
remember me to yourfather.
by, by, mr. steingall.
you and i will meet at philippi."
once the three were in madison square, devar could not be restrained.
"steingall," he said, "if you don't tell me how you managed it, i'llsit down right here on the sidewalk and blubber like a child."
"you were present.
you heard every word," said the detective blandly.
"yes, i know you scared them stiff.
but who, in heaven's name, arepeter balusky and franz viviadi?
where, did you find 'em?
did theydrop from the skies, or come up from--  well, where _did_ you get 'em?"
"clancy and i bagged them quite easily after mr. curtis and you leftsiegelman's café.
all we had to do was wait till vassilan quit.
theywere hanging about all the time, but afraid to meet him.
now,you must ask me no more questions.
i am going to clancy.
he iskeeping an eye on jean de courtois."
"did you ever intend to have the frenchman brought to schmidt's office?"
"of course i did.
what a question!
there's your car.
i'moff," and the detective swung himself into a passing streetcar.
"do you know," said devar thoughtfully, "i am beginning to believe thatsteingall says a lot of things he really doesn't mean.
i haven't quitemade up my mind yet as to whether or not he hasn't run an awful bluffon the noble lord and the most noble count.
and the weird thing isthat schmidt didn't call it.
did it strike you, curtis, that----"then he looked at his friend, whose silent indifference to what he wassaying could no longer pass unnoticed.
"what is it, old man?"
he asked, with ready solicitude.
"are youfeeling the strain, or what?"
"it is nothing," said curtis.
"a run in the car will soon clear myhead.
perhaps you and i might arrange for a long week-end, far awayfrom new york."
a second time did devar look at his friend, but, being really agood-natured and sympathetic person, he repressed the imminent cry ofamazement.
somehow, he realized the one spear-thrust which had piercedcurtis's armor.
it was hateful that such a man should be told he hadmarried hermione for her money.
it was hateful to think that thismight be said of him in the years to come.
it was even possible thatshe herself might come to believe it of him, and john delancy curtis'sknight-errant soul shrank and cringed under the thought, even while thememory of hermione's first kiss of love was still hot on his lips.
but the phase passed like a disturbing dream.
hermione herself laughedthe notion to scorn: and a ready opportunity for such effectiveexorcism of an evil spirit was supplied by devar's tact.
when the two young men reached the hotel devar insisted that curtisshould take hermione for an hour's run in the park.
"here's the car, and it's a fine morning, and you've got the girl.
what more do you want?"
"if uncle horace and aunt louisashow up before your return i'll take care of 'em.
now, who helps herladyship to put on her hat and fur coat--you or i?"
that duty,however, was discharged by a smiling and voluble maid named marcelleleroux.
so it befell that when brodie piloted his charges into central parkthrough scholar's gate, curtis behaved like a man deeply in love butgravely ill at ease, and hermione, also in love, but afire with thedivine flame of womanly faith, and therefore serenely blind to anypossible obstacle which should thrust itself between her and thebeloved, saw instantly that something was wrong.
curtis was just thetype of man who would torture himself unnecessarily about aconsideration which certainly would not have rendered his inamorataless desirable in the eyes of the average wooer.
he knew that he hadwaited all his life to meet hermione--to meet her, and none other--andthe thought that, having found her, having snatched her, as it were,from the sacrificial altar of a false god, he should now lose her, wasinflicting exquisite agony.
happily, this girl-wife of his was adorably feminine, and she decidedwithout inquiry that she was the cause of his melancholy.
"tell me, john," she said suddenly.
"i am brave.
i can bear it."
the unexpected words stirred him from his disconsolate mood.
"bear what, dear one?"
he asked, looking at her with the wistful eyesof tantalus gazing at the luscious fruits which the wrathful windswafted ever from his parched lips.
"you know that you have made a mistake, and have brought me out hereto--to----""ah, dear heaven!"
he sighed; "if i had but the strength of will toadopt that subterfuge it might prove easier for you.
but one thing icannot do, hermione.
i refuse to set you free by means of a lie.
ilove you, and will love you till life itself has sped."
the trouble was not so bad, then.
she nestled closer.
"what is it, john dear?"
she cooed, quite confident of her ability toslay dragons so long as he talked in that strain.
he trembled a little, so overpowering was the bitter-sweet sense of hernearness.
"it is rather horrible that you and i should have to discuss dollarsand cents," he said, speaking with the slow distinctness of a manpronouncing his own death-sentence, "but your father taunted me withthe fact that you are very wealthy.
is that true?"
"of course it is."
she affected to treat the matter seriously.
it was rather delicious tofind her lover distressing himself about money, if that was all.
"what is your income?"
he demanded curtly.
"i am quite rich.
i am worth about half a million dollars a year."
he groaned, and shrank away from her.
"why did you not tell me that sooner?"
he said, almost with a scowl.
"why should i?
does it matter?
isn't it rather nice to have plenty ofmoney?"
it is hard to--to----"  his hands covered his face in sheeragony.
"john, don't be stupid.
why alarm me in that way?
wealth doesn'tbring happiness--far from it.
but didn't you and i--discover eachother--before--before----""but i know, now," he said brokenly, "and it is a mad absurdity tothink that a woman of your place in the world should marry a poorengineer.
do you realize that you receive every fortnight more than iearn in twelve months?
king cophetua marrying a beggar-maid soundsexcellent in romance, but who ever heard of a queen wedding a pauper?"
"you are describing yourself rather lamely, john."
"hermione, don't drive me beyond endurance.
i can't bear it, i tellyou."
she caught his right hand, and imprisoned it lovingly in hers.
herleft hand went around his neck, and she drew him closer.
"john," she whispered, and the fragrance of her was intoxicating, "youmust not break my poor heart after taking it by storm.
i want you, andshall keep you if i were ten times as rich and you were in rags.
whatjoy has money brought hitherto in my short life?
it killed my mother,and has alienated me from my father.
it has driven me to the verge ofa folly i now shudder at.
it has caused death and suffering to menwhom i have never seen.
it has separated a man and a woman who loveeach other even as you and i love.
if i were a poor girl, working fora living in office or shop, i should know what laughter meant, andcheerfulness, and the bright careless hours when the heart is light andthe world goes well.
you have brought these things to me, dear, andyou must not take them away now.
i forbid it.
i deny you thatwrongful act with my very soul.
john, do you wish to see me intears on this--our first day--together?"
brodie summed up the remainder of the situation with unconsciousaccuracy in a subsequent disquisition delivered to an admiring circlein the servants' hall at mrs. morgan apjohn's house.
"spooning is a right and proper thing in the right and proper place,"he said, "but central park on a fine morning is not the locality.
iwas jogging along comfortably when i saw some guys in columbus plazarubbering around at the car, and grinning like clowns at a circus, so ijust opened up the engine a bit, and let her rip, except when a mountedcop cocked his eye at me.
but, bless you, them two inside didn't careif it snowed.
when i brought 'em back to the hotel, mr. curtis sez tome: 'we've enjoyed that ride thoroughly, brodie, but i had a notionthat central park was larger.'
dash me, i took 'em over nine miles ofroadway, and they thought i had gone in at 59th street and come out ateighth avenue."
devar, too, appreciated the success of his maneuver when he sawhermione's sparkling eyes and curtis's complacent air.
"have you got a sister, lady hermione?"
he asked _à propos_ to nothingwhich she or any other person had said.
"no," she answered, without the semblance of a blush.
"i was only wondering," he said.
"if you had, you might have cabledfor her.
i'd just love to take her round the park in that car."
but the rest of that day, not to mention many successive days, wasdevoted to other matters than love-making.
shoals of interviewersdescended on curtis and hermione, on devar, on uncle horace and auntlouisa, on brodie, even on mrs. morgan apjohn when it was discoveredthat she came to lunch, and on "vancouver" devar when he arrived at thecentral station that evening.
steingall's orders were imperative,however.
not a syllable was to be uttered about the one topicconcerning which the press was hungering for information, because theshooting affray in market street had now become known, and the gray carhad been dragged out of the hudson, and the reporters were agog for thenews which was withheld at headquarters.
it was then that the magicword, _sub judice_, proved very useful.
even in outspoken america,witnesses do not retail their evidence to all and sundry when men'slives are at stake, and it was quickly determined to charge all fiveprisoners under one and the same indictment.
yet, for reasons never understood by the public, balusky and viviadiwere discharged, and jean de courtois was deported.
martiny wassentenced to capital punishment, and lamotte received a long term ofimprisonment.
but these eventualities came long after curtis andhermione had been remarried in strict privacy, and in the presence of asmall but select circle of friends, an occasion which supplied auntlouisa with fresh oceans of talk for the delectation of society inbloomington, indiana.
at the wedding breakfast, steingall made a speech.
"once," he said, "when the present happy event did not seem to be quiteso easy of attainment as it looks to all of us now, my friend mr.curtis, playing upon a weakness of mine in the matter of literaryallusions, suggested that i should substitute niflheim for ewigkeit asa simile.
i didn't know what niflheim meant, but i have ascertainedsince that it is a scandinavian word describing a region of cold anddarkness, a place, therefore, where people might easily get lost.
well, it might have suited certain conditions i had then in my mind,but mr. curtis will never go to scandinavian mythology when he wants todescribe new york.
to my thinking, it will figure in his mind as moreakin to elysium."
clancy led the applause with sardonic appreciation, whereupon his chiefallowed a severe eye to dwell on him, though his glance traveledinstantly to the egg-shell dome of otto schmidt, whose aid had beeninvaluable in stilling certain qualms in the breast of authority.
"my singularly boisterous and most esteemed friend, mr. clancy," hecontinued, "seems to be delighted by the success of that trope.
imight gladden your hearts with some which he has coined, because thebride and bridegroom owe more, far more, to him than they imagine atthis moment.
i remember----"a loud "no, no!"
from clancy indicated that revelations were imminent.
"well," said steingall, "i forget just what he said on one memorablenight when four semi-intoxicated stokers held up a downtown saloon, buti do wish to assure you of this--if it were not for clancy's genius asa detective, and his splendid qualities of heart and mind as a man,this wedding might never have taken place, or, if that is putting astrain on your imagination, let me say that its principals would haveencountered difficulties which are now, happily, the dim ghosts of whatmight have been."
curtis took an opportunity later to ask steingall what those crypticwords meant, and the chief of the bureau set at rest a doubt which hadlong perplexed him.
"it was clancy who prompted the idea of mixing up the two branches ofthe inquiry," he said.
"under that wizened skin of his he has a heartof gold.
'why shouldn't those two young people be made happy?'
'i haven't seen the girl,' nor had he, then, 'but i like curtis,and she won't get a better husband if she searches the island ofmanhattan.'
so we allowed lord valletort and the count to believe thatit was their set of hirelings who killed poor hunter, whereas baluskyand viviadi only tied up de courtois, and were quaking with fear whenthey heard of the murder, because they assumed he had been killed bysome other scoundrels, and that they would be held responsible.
it wasthey who gave us the names of rossi and martiny as the likely pair, andthe bluff i threw with lamotte came off."
"for whom were rossi and martiny acting?
you have never told me," saidcurtis.
"don't ask, sir.
but i don't mind giving you a sort of hint.
youknow, better than i do probably, that hungary is seething withrevolutionary parties, which are more bitter against each other thanagainst the common enemy, austria.
now, two of these organizationswere keen to have count vassilan married to lady hermione, one becauseof a patriotic desire to draw her money into the war-chest, the otherbecause they suspected him, and rightly, as a mere tool in the hands ofaustria, and they believed, again with justice i think, that when hewas married it would be paris and the gay life for him rather than athrone which might be shattered by austrian bullets.
the earl ofvalletort has degenerated into little better than a company-promoter,and he had made his own compact with vassilan.
add to these certainfacts one other--elizabeth zapolya, whom lady hermione knows, marriedan attaché in the austrian embassy in paris last week.
tell her that.
she will be interested.
for the rest, you must deduce your owntheories."
curtis remained silent for a moment.
then he seized steingall's handand wrung it warmly.
"hermione and i have been wondering what we can do to show our sense ofgratitude to you and mr. clancy," he said.
"nothing, sir," broke in the detective.
"it was all in the way ofbusiness, so to speak."
"yes, and our recognition of your services will take shape in thatdirection," said curtis.
"why, man, if it were not for you i mighthave been charged with murder, and if it were not for clancy and you,hermione might now be in paris with her good-for-nothing father.
i'll talk this over with schmidt."
"schmidt is a good fellow, but he doesn't know everything, even thoughhe may be a mighty fine guesser," said steingall.
"i'll tell him just as much as is good for any lawyer," laughed curtis.
"he is acting for my wife and myself now in the matter of providing forhunter's relatives.
we look forward to meeting clancy and you when wereturn from the west."
"is that where you are going for the honeymoon?"
asked the detective,with the amiable grin which invariably accompanies the question.
we debated the point during a whole day, but some enterprisingagent settled it for us by exhibiting a catchy sign--'why not seeamerica?'
and we both cried 'why not?'
mr. devar senior, who has whatyou call a pull in such matters, has secured us the use of a railwaypresident's car for the trip, and a whole lot of friends join us atchicago.
can you come, too?"
steingall shook his head.
"no, sir," he said ruefully.
"i can't get away from headquarters.
ihave too much on hand.
as for clancy, he'll be carried out before hequits."
so, for two people at least, a wonderful night merged into a morewonderful month, and the dawn of a new year found them on the thresholdof a happy, and therefore, quite wonderful life.
