this book demands no explanatory word.
but i do wish to assure thereader that every incident in its pages casting discredit on theinvaders of belgium is founded on actual fact.
i refer those who maydoubt the truth of this sweeping statement to the official recordspublished by the governments of great britain, france, and belgium.
"for god's sake, if you are an englishman, help me!"
that cry of despair, so subdued yet piercing in its intensity, reachedarthur dalroy as he pressed close on the heels of an all-powerful escortin lieutenant karl von halwig, of the prussian imperial guard, at theticket-barrier of the friedrich strasse station on the night of monday,3rd august 1914.an officer's uniform is a _passe-partout_ in germany; the showy uniformof the imperial guard adds awe to authority.
it may well be doubted ifany other insignia of rank could have passed a companion in civilianattire so easily through the official cordon which barred the chiefrailway station at berlin that night to all unauthorised persons.
von halwig was in front, impartially cursing and shoving aside the crowdof police and railway men.
a gigantic ticket-inspector, catching sightof the guardsman, bellowed an order to "clear the way;" but a generalofficer created a momentary diversion by choosing that forbidden exit.
von halwig's heels clicked, and his right hand was raised in a salute,so dalroy was given a few seconds wherein to scrutinise the face of theterrified woman who had addressed him.
he saw that she was young, anenglishwoman, and undoubtedly a lady by her speech and garb.
"what can i do for you?"
"get me into a train for the belgian frontier.
i have plenty of money,but these idiots will not even allow me to enter the station."
he had to decide in an instant.
he had every reason to believe that awoman friendless and alone, especially a young and good-looking one,was far safer in berlin--where some thousands of britons and americanshad been caught in the lava-wave of red war now flowing unrestrainedfrom the danube to the north sea--than in the train which would startfor belgium within half-an-hour.
but the tearful indignation in thegirl's voice--even her folly in describing as "idiots" the hectoringjacks-in-office, any one of whom might have understood her--led impulseto triumph over saner judgment.
"you're my cousin, evelyn fane!"
with a self-control that was highly creditable, the young lady thrusta hand through his arm.
in the other hand she carried a reticule.
theaction surprised dalroy, though feminine intuition had only displayedcommon-sense.
"have you any luggage?"
"nothing beyond this tiny bag.
it was hopeless to think of----"von halwig turned at the barrier to insure his english friend's safepassage.
evidently he was taken aback by the unexpectedaddition to the party.
"a fellow-countrywoman in distress," smiled dalroy, speaking in german.
then he added, in english, "it's all right.
as it happens, two placesare reserved."
von halwig laughed in a way which the englishman would have resented atany other moment.
"beautifully contrived, my friend.--hi, there,sheep's-head!"
--this to the ticket-inspector--"let that porter with theportmanteau pass!"
thus did captain arthur dalroy find himself inside the friedrich strassestation on the night when germany was already at war with russia andfrance.
with him was the stout leather bag into which he had thrownhurriedly such few articles as were indispensable--an ironic distinctionwhen viewed in the light of subsequent events; with him, too, was acharming and trustful and utterly unknown travelling companion.
von halwig was not only vastly amused but intensely curious; hisendeavours to scrutinise the face of a girl whom the englishman hadapparently conjured up out of the maelström of berlin were almost rude.
they failed, however, at the outset.
every woman knows exactly how toattract or repel a man's admiration; this young lady was evidentlydetermined that only the vaguest hint of her features should bevouchsafed to the guardsman.
a fairly large hat and a veil, assistedby the angle at which she held her head, defeated his intent.
shestill clung to dalroy's arm, and relinquished it only when a perspiringplatform-inspector, armed with a list, brought the party to afirst-class carriage.
there were no sleeping-cars on the train.
every_wagon-lit_ in berlin had been commandeered by the staff.
"i have had a not-to-be-described-in-words difficulty in retaining thesecorner places," he said, whereupon dalroy gave him a five-mark piece,and the girl was installed in the seat facing the engine.
the platform-inspector had not exaggerated his services.
the train wasliterally besieged.
scores of important officials were storming atrailway employés because accommodation could not be found.
dalroy,wishful at first that von halwig would take himself off instead ofstanding near the open door and peering at the girl, soon changed hismind.
there could not be the slightest doubt that were it not for thepresence of an officer of the imperial guard he and his "cousin" wouldhave been unceremoniously bundled out on to the platform to make roomfor some many-syllabled functionary who "simply must get to the front."
as for the lady, she was the sole representative of her sex travellingwest that night.
meanwhile the two young men chatted amicably, using german and englishwith equal ease.
"i think you are making a mistake in going by this route," said vonhalwig.
"the frontier lines will be horribly congested during the nextfew days.
you see, we have to be in paris in three weeks, so we musthurry."
"you are very confident," said the englishman pleasantly.
he purposely avoided any discussion of his reasons for choosing thecologne-brussels-ostend line.
as an officer of the british army, he wasparticularly anxious to watch the vaunted german mobilisation in itsearly phases.
those wretched little _piou-pious_"--a slang termfor the french infantry--"will run long before they see the whites ofour eyes."
"i haven't met any french regiments since i was a youngster; but ibelieve france is far better organised now than in 1870," was thenoncommittal reply.
von halwig threw out his right arm in a wide sweep.
"we shall brush themaside--so," he cried.
"the german army was strong in those days; now itis irresistible.
_you_ are a soldier.
to-night's papers sayengland is wavering between peace and war.
but i have no doubt she willbe wise.
that channel is a great asset, a great safeguard, eh?"
again dalroy changed the subject.
"if it is a fair question, when do youstart for the front?"
"to-morrow, at six in the morning."
"how very kind of you to spare such valuable time now!"
"not at all!
everything is ready.
germany is always ready.
the emperorsays 'mobilise,' and, behold, we cross the frontier within the hour!"
"war is a rotten business," commented dalroy thoughtfully.
"i've seensomething of it in india, where, when all is said and done, a scrap inthe hills brings the fighting men alone into line.
but i'm sorry for theunfortunate peasants and townspeople who will suffer.
what of belgium,for instance?"
_les braves belges!_" laughed the other.
"they will do as we tellthem.
what else is possible?
to adapt one of your own proverbs: 'needsmust when the german drives!'"
dalroy understood quite well that von halwig's bumptious tone was notassumed.
the prussian junker could hardly think otherwise.
but theglances cast by the guardsman at the silent figure seated near thewindow showed that some part of his vapouring was meant to impress thefeminine heart.
a gallant figure he cut, too, as he stood there,caressing his kaiser-fashioned moustaches with one hand while the otherrested on the hilt of his sword.
he was tall, fully six feet, and,according to dalroy's standard of physical fitness, at least a stone tooheavy.
the personification of nietzsche's teutonic "overman," the "bigblonde brute" who is the german military ideal, dalroy classed him, inthe expressive phrase of the regimental mess, as "a good bit of abounder."
yet he was a patrician by birth, or he could not hold acommission in the imperial guard, and he had been most helpful andpainstaking that night, so perforce one must be civil to him.
dalroy himself, nearly as tall, was lean and lithe, hard as nails, yetintellectual, a cavalry officer who had passed through the oxford mint.
by this time four other occupants of the compartment were in evidence,and a ticket-examiner came along.
dalroy produced a number of vouchers.
the girl, who obviously spoke german, leaned out, purse in hand, and wasabout to explain that the crush in the booking-hall had prevented herfrom obtaining a ticket.
but dalroy intervened.
"i have your ticket," he said, announcing asingular fact in the most casual manner he could command.
"thank you," she said instantly, trying to conceal her own surprise.
buther eyes met von halwig's bold stare, and read therein not only a readyappraisement of her good looks but a perplexed half-recognition.
the railwayman raised a question.
contrary to the general custom, thevouchers bore names, which he compared with a list.
"these tickets are for herren fane and dalroy, and i find a lady here,"he said suspiciously.
"fräulein evelyn fane, my cousin," explained dalroy.
"a mistake of theissuing office."
"but----""_ach, was!_" broke in von halwig impatiently.
some fool hasblundered.
it is sufficient."
at any rate, his word sufficed.
dalroy entered the carriage, and thedoor was closed and locked.
"never say i haven't done you a good turn," grinned the prussian.
"apleasant journey, though it may be a slow one.
don't be surprised if iam in aachen before you."
then he coloured.
he had said too much.
one of the men in thecompartment gave him a sharp glance.
aachen, better known to travellingbritons as aix-la-chapelle, lay on the road to belgium, not to france.
"well, to our next meeting!"
he went on boisterously.
"run across toparis during the occupation."
and accept my very grateful thanks," said dalroy, and thetrain started.
"i cannot tell you how much obliged i am," said a sweet voice as hesettled down into his seat.
"please, may i pay you now for the ticketwhich you supplied so miraculously?"
"no miracle, but a piece of rare good-luck," he said.
"one of theattachés at our embassy arranged to travel to england to-night,or i would never have got away, even with the support of the statecouncillor who requested lieutenant von halwig to befriend me.
then,at the last moment, fane couldn't come.
i meant asking von halwig tosend a messenger to the embassy with the spare ticket."
"so you will forward the money to mr. fane with my compliments," saidthe girl, opening her purse.
there was no other way out of the difficulty.
incidentally, he could not help noticing that the lady was wellsupplied with gold and notes.
as they were fellow-travellers by force of circumstances, dalroy took acard from the pocket-book in which he was securing a one-hundred-marknote.
"we have a long journey before us, and may as well get to know eachother by name," he said.
the girl smiled acquiescence.
she read, "captain arthur dalroy, 2ndbengal lancers, junior united service club."
"i haven't a card in my bag," she said simply, "but my name isberesford--irene beresford--miss beresford," and she coloured prettily.
"i have made an effort of the explanation," she went on; "but i think itis stupid of women not to let people know at once whether they aremarried or single."
"i'll be equally candid," he replied.
"i'm not married, nor likely tobe."
"is that defiance, or merely self-defence?"
a bald fact.
i hold with kitchener that a soldier shoulddevote himself exclusively to his profession."
"it would certainly be well for many a heart-broken woman in europeto-day if all soldiers shared your opinion," was the answer; and dalroyknew that his _vis-à-vis_ had deftly guided their chatter on to a moresedate plane.
the train halted an unconscionable time at a suburban station, and againat charlottenburg.
the four germans in the compartment, all prussianofficers, commented on the delay, and one of them made a joke of it.
"the signals must be against us at liège," he laughed.
"perhaps england has sent a regiment of territorials across by theostend boat," chimed in another.
then he turned to dalroy, and saidcivilly, "you are english.
your country will not be so mad as to joinin this adventure, will she?"
"this is a war of diplomats," said dalroy, resolved to keep a guardon his tongue.
"i am quite sure that no one in england wants war."
"but will england fight if germany invades belgium?"
"surely germany will do no such thing.
the integrity of belgium isguaranteed by treaty."
"your friend the lieutenant, then, did not tell you that our armycrossed the frontier to-day?"
"is that possible?"
it is no secret now.
didn't you realise what he meant when he saidhis regiment was going to aachen?
but, what does it matter?
she must give free passage to our troops.
she willprotest, of course, just to save her face."
the talk became general among the men.
at the moment there was a fixedbelief in germany that britain would stand aloof from the quarrel.
soconvinced was austria of the british attitude that the viennese mobgathered outside the english ambassador's residence that same evening,and cheered enthusiastically.
during another long wait dalroy took advantage of the clamour and bustleof a crowded platform to say to miss beresford in a low tone, "are youwell advised to proceed _viâ_ brussels?
why not branch off atoberhausen, and go home by way of flushing?"
"i must meet my sister in brussels," said the girl.
"she is younger thani, and at school there.
i am not afraid--now.
they will not interferewith any one in this train, especially a woman.
but how about you?
youhave the unmistakable look of a british officer."
he said, smiling.
"that is just why i am going through, isuppose."
neither could guess the immense significance of those few words.
therewas a reasonable chance of escape through holland during the next day.
by remaining in the belgium-bound train they were, all unknowing,entering the crater of a volcano.
the ten-hours' run to cologne was drawn out to twenty.
time and againthey were shunted into sidings to make way for troop trains andsupplies.
at a wayside station a bright moon enabled dalroy to takestock of two monster howitzers mounted on specially constructed bogietrucks.
he estimated their bore at sixteen or seventeen inches; thefittings and accessories of each gun filled nine or ten trucks.
howprepared germany was!
how thorough her organisation!
yet the hurryingforward of these giant siege-guns was premature, to put it mildly?
orwere the german generals really convinced that they would sweep everyobstacle from their path, and hammer their way into paris on a fixeddate?
dalroy thought of england, and sighed, because his mind turnedfirst to the army--barely one hundred thousand trained men.
then heremembered the british fleet, and the outlook was more reassuring!
after a night of fitful sleep dawn found the travellers not yethalf-way.
the four germans were furious.
they held staff appointments,and had been assured in berlin that the clock-work regularity ofmobilisation arrangements would permit this particular train to coverthe journey according to schedule.
meals were irregular and scanty.
atone small town, in the early morning, dalroy secured a quantity of rollsand fruit, and all benefited later by his forethought.
newspapers bought _en route_ contained dark forebodings of england'sgrowing hostility.
a special edition of a hanover journal spoke of anultimatum, a word which evoked harsh denunciations of "britishtreachery" from the germans.
the comparative friendliness induced bydalroy's prevision as a caterer vanished at once.
when the train rolledwearily across the rhine into cologne, ten hours late, both dalroy andthe girl were fully aware that their fellow-passengers regarded them aspotential enemies.
it was then about six o'clock on the tuesday evening, and a loud-voicedofficial announced that the train would not proceed to aix-la-chapelleuntil eight.
the german officers went out, no doubt to seek a meal; buttook the precaution of asking an officer in charge of some bavariantroops on the platform to station a sentry at the carriage door.
probably they had no other intent, and merely wished to safeguard theirplaces; but dalroy realised now the imprudence of talking english, andsigned to the girl that she was to come with him into the corridor onthe opposite side of the carriage.
there they held counsel.
miss beresford was firmly resolved to reachbrussels, and flinched from no difficulties.
it must be remembered thatwar was not formally declared between great britain and germany untilthat evening.
indeed, the tremendous decision was made while the pairso curiously allied by fate were discussing their programme.
had theyeven quitted the train at cologne they had a fair prospect of reachingneutral territory by hook or by crook.
but they knew nothing of liège,and the imperishable laurels which that gallant city was about togather.
they elected to go on!
a station employé brought them some unpalatable food, which they made apretence of eating.
irene beresford's hanoverian german was perfect, sodalroy did not air his less accurate accent, and the presence of thesentry was helpful at this crisis.
though sharp-eyed and rabbit-eared,the man was quite civil.
at last the prussian officers returned.
he who had been chatty overnightwas now brusque, even overbearing.
"you have no right here!"
hevociferated at dalroy.
"why should a damned englishman travel withgermans?
your country is perfidious as ever.
how do i know that you arenot a spy?"
"spies are not vouched for by councillors of state," was the calm reply.
"i have in my pocket a letter from his excellency staatsrath vonauschenbaum authorising my journey, and you yourself must perceive thati am escorting a lady to her home."
the other snorted, but subsided into his seat.
not yet had teutonichatred of all things british burst its barriers.
but the pressure wasincreasing.
soon it would leap forth like the pent-up flood of somemighty reservoir whose retaining wall had crumbled into ruin.
"is there any news?"
went on dalroy civilly.
at any hazard, he wasdetermined, for the sake of the girl, to maintain the semblance ofgood-fellowship.
she, he saw, was cool and collected.
evidently, shehad complete trust in him.
for a little while no one answered.
ultimately, the officer who regardedliège as a joke said shortly, "your sir grey has made some impudentsuggestions.
i suppose it is what the americans call 'bluff'; butbluffing germany is a dangerous game."
"newspapers exaggerate such matters," said dalroy.
"it may be so.
still, you'll be lucky if you get beyond aachen," was theungracious retort.
the speaker refused to give the town its french name.
an hour passed, the third in cologne, before the train rumbled away intothe darkness.
the girl pretended to sleep.
indeed, she may have dozedfitfully.
dalroy did not attempt to engage her in talk.
the germansgossiped in low tones.
they knew that their nation had spied on thewhole world.
naturally, they held every foreigner in their midst astainted in the same vile way.
from cologne to aix-la-chapelle is only a two hours' run.
that nightthe journey consumed four.
dalroy no longer dared look out when thetrain stood in a siding.
he knew by the sounds that all the dreadparaphernalia of war was speeding toward the frontier; but any displayof interest on his part would be positively dangerous now; so he, too,closed his eyes.
by this time he was well aware that his real trials would begin at aix;but he had the philosopher's temperament, and never leaped fences tillhe reached them.
at one in the morning they entered the station of the last importanttown in germany.
holland lay barely three miles away, belgium a littlefarther.
the goal was near.
dalroy felt that by calmness and quietdetermination he and his charming protégé might win through.
he was verymuch taken by irene beresford.
he had never met any girl who attractedhim so strongly.
he found himself wondering whether he might contrive tocultivate this strangely formed friendship when they reached england.
ina word, the self-denying ordinance popularly attributed to lordkitchener was weakening in captain arthur dalroy.
then his sky dropped, dropped with a bang.
the train had not quite halted when the door was torn open, and abespectacled, red-faced officer glared in.
"it is reported from cologne that there are english in this carriage,"he shouted.
"correct, my friend.
there they are!"
said the man who had snarled atdalroy earlier.
"you must descend," commanded the new-comer.
"you are both underarrest."
"on what charge?"
inquired dalroy, bitterly conscious of a gasp ofterror which came involuntarily from the girl's lips.
"you are spies.
a sentry heard you talking english, and saw youexamining troop-trains from the carriage window."
so that bavarian lout had listened to the prussian officer's taunt, andmade a story of his discovery to prove his diligence.
"we are not spies, nor have we done anything to warrant suspicion," saiddalroy quietly.
"i have letters----""no talk.
out you come!"
and he was dragged forth by a bloated fellowwhom he could have broken with his hands.
it was folly to resist, so hemerely contrived to keep on his feet, whereas the fat bully meant totrip him ignominiously on to the platform.
was the order to irene, and she followed.
half-a-dozensoldiers closed around.
there could be no doubting that preparations hadbeen made for their reception.
"may i have my portmanteau?"
"you are acting in error, asi shall prove when given an opportunity."
"shut your mouth, you damned englishman"--that was a favourite phrase ongerman lips apparently--"would you dare to argue with me?--here, one ofyou, take his bag.
has the woman any baggage?
then march them tothe----"a tall young lieutenant, in the uniform of the prussian imperial guard,dashed up breathlessly.
"ah, i was told the train had arrived!"
"yes, i am in searchof those two----""thank goodness you are here, von halwig!"
the guardsman turned on him a face aflame with fury.
"i'll soon settle _your_ affair.--take his papers and money,and put him in a waiting-room till i return," he added, speaking to theofficer of reserves who had affected the arrest.
"place the lady inanother waiting-room, and lock her in.
i'll see that she is notmolested.
as for this english _schwein-hund_, shoot him at the leastsign of resistance."
"but, herr lieutenant," began the other, whose heavy paunch was ameasure of his self-importance, "i have orders----""_ach, was!_ i know!
this englishman is not an ordinary spy.
he is acavalry captain, and speaks our language fluently.
do as i tell you.
ishall come back in half-an-hour.--fräulein, you are in safer hands.
you, i fancy, will be well treated."
dalroy said not a word.
he saw at once that some virus had changed vonhalwig's urbanity to bitter hatred.
he was sure the guardsman had beendrinking, but that fact alone would not account for such an amazing_volte-face_.
could it be that britain had thrown in her lot withfrance?
in his heart of hearts he hoped passionately that the rumour wastrue.
and he blazed, too, into a fierce if silent resentment of theprussian's satyr-like smile at irene beresford.
but what could he do?
protest was worse than useless.
he felt that he would be shot orbayoneted on the slightest pretext.
von halwig evidently resented the presence of a crowd of gapingonlookers.
"no more talk!"
he ordered sharply.
"do as i bid you, herr lieutenant ofreserves!"
cried the girl in a voice of utter dismay, "don't letthem part us!"
von halwig pointed to a door.
"in there with him!"
he growled, anddalroy was hustled away.
irene screamed, and tried to avoid theprussian's outstretched hand.
he grasped her determinedly.
"don't be a fool!"
he hissed in english.
"_i_ can save you.
he is donewith.
a firing-party or a rope will account for him at daybreak.
calm yourself, _gnädiges fräulein_.
there are consolations, even inwar."
dalroy contrived, out of the tail of his eye, to see that thedistraught girl was led toward a ladies' waiting-room, two doors fromthe apartment into which he was thrust.
there he was searched by thelieutenant of reserves, not skilfully, because the man missed nearly thewhole of his money, which he carried in a pocket in the lining of hiswaistcoat.
all else was taken--tickets, papers, loose cash, even acigarette-case and favourite pipe.
the instructions to the sentry were emphatic: "don't close the door!
admit no one without sending for me!
shoot or stab the prisoner if hemoves!"
and the fat man bustled away.
the station was swarming with militarybig-wigs.
he must remain in evidence.
during five long minutes dalroy reviewed the situation.
probably hewould be executed as a spy.
at best, he could not avoid internment in afortress till the end of the war.
he preferred to die in a struggle forlife and liberty.
men had escaped in conditions quite as desperate.
the surge of impotent anger subsided in his veins, and he tookthought.
outside the open door stood the sentry, holding his rifle, with fixedbayonet, in the attitude of a sportsman who expects a covey ofpartridges to rise from the stubble.
a window of plain glass gave on tothe platform.
seemingly, it had not been opened since the station wasbuilt.
three windows of frosted glass in the opposite wall were, to allappearance, practicable.
judging by the sounds, the station square laywithout.
was there a lock and key on the door?
or a bolt?
he could nottell from his present position.
the sentry had orders to kill him if hemoved.
perhaps the man would not interpret the command literally.
at anyrate, that was a risk he must take.
with head sunk, and hands behind hisback, obviously in a state of deep dejection, he began to stroll to andfro.
well, he had a fighting chance.
he was not shot forthwith.
a slight commotion on the platform caught his eye, the sentry's as well.
a tall young officer, wearing a silver helmet, and accompanied by aglittering staff, clanked past; with him the lieutenant of reserves,gesticulating.
dalroy recognised one of the emperor's sons; but thesentry had probably never seen the princeling before, and was agape.
andthere was not only a key but a bolt!
with three noiseless strides, dalroy was at the door and had slammed it.
the key turned easily, and the bolt shot home.
then he raced to themiddle window, unfastened the hasp, and raised the lower sash.
hecounted on the thick-headed sentry wasting some precious seconds intrying to force the door, and he was right.
as it happened, before theman thought of looking in through the platform window dalroy had notonly lowered the other window behind him but dropped from the sill tothe pavement between the wall and a covered van which stood there.
now he was free--free as any briton could be deemed free inaix-la-chapelle at that hour, one man among three army corps, an unarmedenglishman among a bitterly hostile population which recked naught offrance or belgium or russia, but hated england already with an almostmaniacal malevolence.
and irene beresford, that sweet-voiced, sweet-faced english girl, was aprisoner at the mercy of a "big blonde brute," a half-drunken, whollyenraged prussian junker.
the thought rankled and stung.
it was not to beborne.
for the first time that night dalroy knew what fear was, and in agirl's behalf, not in his own.
could he save her?
heaven had befriended him thus far; would a kindlyprovidence clear his brain and nerve his spirit to achieve an almostimpossible rescue?
the prayer was formless and unspoken, yet it was answered.
he had barelygathered his wits after that long drop of nearly twelve feet into thestation yard before he was given a vague glimpse of a means ofdelivering the girl from her immediate peril.
the van, one among a score of similar vehicles, was backed against thecurb of a raised path.
at the instant dalroy quitted the window-ledge arailway employé appeared from behind another van on the left, and wasclearly bewildered by seeing a well-dressed man springing from such anunusual and precarious perch.
the new-comer, a big, burly fellow, who wore a peaked and lettered cap,a blouse, baggy breeches, and sabots, and carried a lighted hand-lamp,looked what, in fact, he was--an engine-cleaner.
in all likelihood heguessed that any one choosing such a curious exit from a waiting-roomwas avoiding official scrutiny.
he hurried forward at once, holding thelamp above his head, because it was dark behind the row of vans.
"a word with you, _freiherr_!"
the title, ofcourse, was a bit of german humour.
obviously, he was bent oninvestigating matters.
dalroy did not run.
in the street without heheard the tramp of marching troops, the jolting of wagons, the clatterof horses.
he knew that a hue and cry could have only one result--hewould be pulled down by a score of hands.
moreover, with the sight ofthat suspicious teuton face, its customary boorish leer now replaced bya surly inquisitiveness, came the first glimmer of a fantasticallydaring way of rescuing irene beresford.
he advanced, smiling pleasantly.
"it's all right, heinrich," he said.
"i've arrived by train from berlin, and the station was crowded.
beingan acrobat, i took a bounce.
the engine-cleaner was not a quick-witted person.
he scowled, butallowed dalroy to come near--too near.
"i believe you're a _verdammt_ engl----" he began.
but the popular german description of a briton died on his lips, becausedalroy put a good deal of science and no small leaven of brute forceinto a straight punch which reached that cluster of nerves known topugilism as "the point."
the german fell as though he had beenpole-axed, and his thick skull rattled on the pavement.
dalroy grabbed the lamp before the oil could gush out, placed it uprighton the ground, and divested the man of blouse, baggy breeches, andsabots.
luckily, since every second was precious, he found that he wasable to wedge his boots into the sabots, which he could not have kept onhis feet otherwise.
his training as a soldier had taught him theexceeding value of our fifth henry's advice to the british army gatheredbefore harfleur:     in peace there's nothing so becomes a man     as modest stillness and humility;     but when the blast of war blows in our ears     then imitate the action of the tiger.
the warring tiger does not move slowly.
half-a-minute after his would-becaptor had crashed headlong to the hard cobbles of aix-la-chapelle,dalroy was creeping between two wagons, completing a hasty toilet bytearing off collar and tie, and smearing his face and hands with oil andgrease from lamp and cap.
even as he went he heard a window of thewaiting-room being flung open, and the excited cries which announced thediscovery of a half-naked body lying beneath in the gloom.
he saw now that to every van was harnessed a pair of horses, their headsdeep in nose-bags, while men in the uniform of the commissariat corpswere grouped around an officer who was reading orders.
the vans weresheeted in black tarpaulins.
with german attention to detail, theirdestination, contents, and particular allotment were stencilled on thecovers in white paint: "liège, baggage and fodder, cavalry division, 7tharmy corps."
he learnt subsequently that this definite legend appearedon front and rear and on both sides.
thinking quickly, he decided that the burly person whose outer garmentshe was now wearing had probably been taking a short cut to the stationentrance when he received the surprise of his life.
somewhat higher upon the right, therefore, dalroy went back to the narrow pavement closeto the wall, and saw some soldiers coming through a doorway a littleahead.
he made for this, growled a husky "good-morning" to a sentrystationed there, entered, and mounted a staircase.
soon he found himselfon the main platform; he actually passed a sergeant and some bavariansoldiers, bent on recapturing the escaped prisoner, rushing wildly forthe same stairs.
none paid heed to him as he lumbered along, swinging the lamp.
a small crowd of officers, among them the youthful prince in the silver_pickel-haube_, had collected near the broken window and now open doorof the waiting-room from which the "spy" had vanished.
within was thefat lieutenant of reserves, gesticulating violently at a pallid sentry.
the prince was laughing.
"he can't get away," he was saying.
he must be quieted with a bayonet-thrust.
that's the best way toinoculate an englishman with german _kultur_."
of course this stroke of rare wit evoked much mirth.
meanwhile, dalroywas turning the key in the lock which held irene beresford in safekeeping until von halwig had discharged certain pressing duties as astaff officer.
the girl, who was seated, gave him a terrified glance when he entered,but dropped her eyes immediately until she became aware that thisrough-looking visitor was altering the key.
dalroy then realised by herstartled movement that his appearance had brought fresh terror to analready overburthened heart.
hitherto, so absorbed was he in hisproject, he had not given a thought to the fact that he would offer asinister apparition.
"don't scream, or change your position, miss beresford," he said quietlyin english.
"it is i, captain dalroy.
we have a chance of escape.
willyou take the risk?"
the answer came, brokenly it is true, but with the girl's very soul inthe words.
i would sacrifice tenlives, if i had them, rather than remain here."
somehow, that was the sort of answer dalroy expected from her.
shesought no explanation of his bizarre and extraordinary garb.
it wasall-sufficient for her that he should have come back.
she trusted himimplicitly, and the low, earnest words thrilled him to the core.
he saw through the window that no one was paying any attention to thisapartment.
possibly, the only people who knew that it contained anenglishwoman as a prisoner were von halwig and the infuriated lieutenantof reserves.
jumping on to a chair, dalroy promptly twisted an electric bulb out ofits socket, and plunged the room in semi-darkness, which he increasedby hiding the hand-lamp in the folds of his blouse.
given time, nodoubt, a dim light would be borrowed from the platform and the windowsoverlooking the square; in the sudden gloom, however, the two couldhardly distinguish each other.
"i have contrived to escape, in a sense," said dalroy; "but i could notbear the notion of leaving you to your fate.
you can either stop hereand take your chance, or come with me.
if we are caught together asecond time these brutes will show you no mercy.
on the other hand, byremaining, you may be fairly well treated, and even sent home soon."
he deemed himself in honour bound to put what seemed then a reasonablealternative before her.
he did truly believe, in that hour, that germanymight, indeed, wage war inflexibly, but with clean hands, as befitted anation which prided itself on its ideals and warrior spirit.
he wasdestined soon to be enlightened as to the true significance of the_kultur_ which a jack-boot philosophy offers to the rest of the world.
but irene beresford's womanly intuition did not err.
one baleful gleamfrom von halwig's eyes had given her a glimpse of infernal depths towhich dalroy was blind as yet.
"not only will i come with you; but, ifyou have a pistol or a knife, i implore you to kill me before i amcaptured again," she said.
here, then, was no waste of words, but rather the ring offinely-tempered steel.
dalroy unlocked the door, and looked out.
to theright and in front the platform was nearly empty.
on the left the groupof officers was crowding into the waiting-room, since some hint ofunfathomable mystery had been wafted up from the bavarians in thecourtyard, and the slim young prince, curious as a street lounger, hadgone to the window to investigate.
dalroy stood in the doorway.
"pull down your veil, turn to the right,and keep close to the wall," he said.
don't even hurry!
if iseem to lag behind, speak sharply to me in german."
she obeyed without hesitation.
they had reached the end of thecovered-in portion of the station when a sentry barred the way.
hebrought his rifle with fixed bayonet to the "engage."
"it is forbidden," he said.
"what is forbidden?"
grinned dalroy amiably, clipping his syllables, andspeaking in the roughest voice he could assume.
"you cannot pass this way."
then i can go home to bed.
that will be better than cleaningengines."
fortunately, a bavarian regiment was detailed for duty ataix-la-chapelle that night; the sentry knew where the engine-sheds weresituated no more than dalroy.
further, he was not familiar with theaachen accent.
"oh, is that it?"
look at my cap!"
dalroy held up the lantern.
the official lettering was evidentlyconvincing.
"but what about the lady?"
"she's my wife.
if you're here in half-an-hour she'll bring you somecoffee.
one doesn't leave a young wife at home with so many soldiersabout."
"if you both stand chattering here neither of you will get any coffee,"put in irene emphatically.
the bavarian lowered his rifle.
"i'm relieved at two o'clock," he saidwith a laugh.
"lose no time, _schoene frau_.
there won't be muchcoffee on the road to liège."
the girl passed on, but dalroy lingered.
"is that where you're going?"
we're due in paris in three weeks."
"hans, are you coming, or shall i go on alone?"
"farewell, comrade, for a little ten minutes," growled dalroy, and hefollowed.
an empty train stood in a bay on the right, and dalroy espied awindow-cleaner's ladder in a corner.
"where are you going, woman?"
his "wife" was walking down the main platform which ended against thewall of a signal-cabin, and there might be insuperable difficulties inthat direction.
"isn't this the easiest way?"
"yes, if you want to get run over."
without waiting for her, he turned, shouldered the ladder, and made fora platform on the inner side of the bay.
a ten-foot wall indicated thestation's boundary.
irene ran after him.
within a few yards they werehidden by the train from the sentry's sight.
"that was clever of you!"
she whispered breathlessly.
"speak german, even when you think we are alone," he commanded.
the platform curved sharply, and the train was a long one.
when theyneared the engine they saw three men standing there.
dalroy at oncewrapped the lamp in a fold of his blouse, and leaped into the blackshadow cast by the wall, which lay athwart the flood of moonlightpouring into the open part of the station.
quick to take the cue, itbeing suicidal to think of bamboozling local railway officials, irenefollowed.
kicking off the clumsy sabots, dalroy bade his companion pickthem up, ran back some thirty yards, and placed the ladder against thewall.
mounting swiftly, he found, to his great relief, that some shedswith low-pitched roofs were ranged beneath; otherwise, the height of thewall, if added to the elevation of the station generally above theexternal ground level, might well have proved disastrous.
"up you come," he said, seating himself astride the coping-stones, andholding the top of the ladder.
irene was soon perched there too.
he pulled up the ladder, and loweredit to a roof.
"now, you grab hard in case it slips," he said.
disdaining the rungs, he slid down.
he had hardly gathered his poisebefore the girl tumbled into his arms, one of the heavy wooden shoes shewas carrying giving him a smart tap on the head.
"they saw me, and shouted."
dalroy imagined that the trio near the engine must have noted theswinging lantern and its sudden disappearance.
with the instant decisionborn of polo and pig-sticking in india, he elected now not to essay theslanting roof just where they stood.
shouldering the ladder again, hemade off toward a strip of shadow which seemed to indicate the end of asomewhat higher shed.
he was right.
irene followed, and they crouchedthere in panting silence.
nearly every german is a gymnast, and it was no surprise to dalroy whenone of their pursuers mounted on the shoulders of a friend and gainedthe top of the wall.
"there's nothing to be seen here," he announced after a brief survey.
the pair beneath must have answered, because he went on, evidently inreply, "oh, i saw it myself.
and i'm sure there was some one up here.
there's a sentry on no.
5. run, fritz, and ask him if a man with alantern has passed recently.
i'll mount guard till you return."
happily a train approached, and, in the resultant din dalroy was enabledto scramble down the roof unheard.
the ladder just reached the ground; so, before fritz and the sentrybegan to suspect that some trickery was afoot in that part of thestation, the two fugitives were speeding through a dark lane hemmed inby warehouses.
at the first opportunity, dalroy extinguished thelantern.
then he bethought him of his companion's appearance.
he haltedsuddenly ere they entered a lighted thoroughfare.
"i had better put on these clogs again," he said.
"but what about you?
it will never do for a lady in smart attire to be seen walking throughthe streets with a ruffian like me at one o'clock in the morning."
for answer, the girl took off her hat and tore away a cluster of rosesand a coquettish bow of ribbon.
then she discarded her jacket, which sheadjusted loosely across her shoulders.
"now i ought to look raffish enough for anything," she said cheerfully.
singularly enough, her confidence raised again in dalroy's mind alurking doubt which the success thus far achieved had not whollystilled.
"my candid advice to you now, miss beresford, is that you leave me," hesaid.
"you will come to no harm in the main streets, and you speakgerman so well that you should have little difficulty in reaching thedutch frontier.
once in holland you can travel to brussels by way ofantwerp.
i believe england has declared war against germany.
thebehaviour of von halwig and those other prussians is most convincing onthat point.
if so----""does my presence imperil you, captain dalroy?"
she broke in.
she couldhave said nothing more unwise, nothing so subtly calculated to stir aman's pride.
"no," he answered shortly.
"why, then, are you so anxious to get rid of me, after risking your lifeto save me a few minutes ago?"
"i am going straight into belgium.
i deem it my duty.
i may pick upinformation of the utmost military value."
"then i go into belgium too, unless you positively refuse to be botheredwith my company.
i simply must reach my sister without a moment ofunnecessary delay.
and is it really sensible to stand here arguing, soclose to the station?"
they went on without another word.
dalroy was ruffled by the suggestionthat he might be seeking his own safety.
trust any woman to find thejoint in any man's armour when it suits her purpose.
aix-la-chapelle was more awake on that wednesday morning at one o'clockthan on any ordinary day at the same hour in the afternoon.
the streetswere alive with excited people, the taverns and smaller shops open, themain avenues crammed with torrents of troops streaming westward.
regimental bands struck up martial airs as column after column debouchedfrom the various stations.
when the musicians paused for sheer lack ofbreath the soldiers bawled "_deutschland, deutschland, über alles_" or"_die wacht am rhine_" at the top of their voices.
the uproar was, asthe germans love to say, colossal.
the enthusiasm was colossal too.
aix-la-chapelle might have been celebrating a great national festival.
it seemed ludicrous to regard the community as in the throes of war.
thepopulace, the officers, even the heavy-jowled peasants who formed themajority of the regiments then hurrying to the front, seemed to beintoxicated with joy.
dalroy was surprised at first.
he was not preparedfor the savage exultation with which german militarism leaped to itslong-dreamed-of task of conquering europe.
irene beresford, momentarily more alive than he to the exigencies oftheir position, bought a common shawl at a shop in a side street, andthrew away her tattered hat with a careless laugh.
she was an excellentactress.
the woman who served her had not the remotest notion that thisbright-eyed girl belonged to the hated english race.
the incident brought back dalroy's vagrom thoughts from german methodsof making war to the serious business which was his own particularconcern.
the shop was only a couple of doors removed from the franzstrasse; he waited for irene at the corner, buying some cheap cigars anda box of matches at a tobacconist's kiosk.
he still retained thelantern, which lent a touch of character.
the carriage-cleaner'sbreeches were wide and loose at the ankles, and concealed his boots.
between the sabots and his own heels he had added some inches to hisheight, so he could look easily over the heads of the crowd; he waswatching the passing of a battery of artillery when an open automobilewas jerked to a standstill directly in front of him.
in the car wasseated von halwig.
that sprig of prussian nobility was in a mighty hurry, but even he darednot interfere too actively with troops in motion, so, to pass the timeas it were, he rolled his eyes in anger at the crowd on the pavement.
it was just possible that irene might appear inopportunely, so dalroyrejoined her, and led her to the opposite side of the cross street,where a wagon and horses hid her from the guardsman's sharp eyes.
thus it happened that chance again took the wanderers under her wing.
a short, thick-set walloon had emptied a glass of schnapps at thecounter of a small drinking-bar which opened on to the street, and wasbidding the landlady farewell.
"i must be off," he said.
"i have to be in visé by daybreak.
this cursedwar has kept me here a whole day.
who is fighting who, i'd like toknow?"
guffawed a man seated at the bar.
"you'll never get there.
thearmy won't let you pass."
"that's the army's affair, not mine," was the typically flemish answer,and the other came out, mounted the wagon, chirped to his horses, andmade away.
dalroy was able to note the name on a small board affixed to the side ofthe vehicle: "henri joos, miller, visé."
"that fellow lives in belgium," he whispered to irene, who had drapedthe shawl over her head and neck, and now carried the jacket rolled intoa bundle.
"he is just the sort of dogged countryman who will tackle andovercome all obstacles.
i fancy he is carrying oats to a mill, and willbe known to the frontier officials.
shall we bargain with him for alift?"
"it sounds the very thing," agreed the girl.
in their eagerness, neither took the precaution of buying something toeat.
they overtook the wagon before it passed the market.
the driver wasnot joos, but joos's man.
he was quite ready to earn a few francs, ormarks--he did not care which--by conveying a couple of passengers tothe placid little town of whose mere existence the wide world outsidebelgium was unaware until that awful first week in august 1914.and so it came to pass that dalroy and his protégé passed out ofaix-la-chapelle without let or hindrance, because the driver, spurred toan effort of the imagination by promise of largesse, described irene tothe customs men as henri joos's niece, and dalroy as one deputed by therailway to see that a belated consignment of oats was duly delivered tothe miller.
neither rural germany nor rural belgium was yet really at war.
themonstrous shadow had darkened the chancelleries, but it was hardlyperceptible to the common people.
moreover, how could red-fanged waraffect a remote place like visé?
the notion was nonsensical.
even dalroyallowed himself to assure his companion that there was now a reasonableprospect of reaching belgian soil without incurring real danger.
yet, intruth, he was taking her to an inferno of which the like is scarce knownto history.
the gate which opened at the customs barrier gave accessapparently to a good road leading through an undulating country.
insober truth, it led to an earthly hell.
though none of the three in the wagon might even hazard a guess at thetremendous facts, the german wolf had already made his spring and beenfoiled.
not only had he missed his real quarry, france, he had alsobroken his fangs on the tough armour of liège.
these things dalroy andirene beresford were to learn soon.
the first intimation that thebelgian army had met and actually fought some portion of the invadinghost came before dawn.
the road to visé ran nearly parallel with, but some miles north of, themain artery between aix-la-chapelle and liège.
during the small hours ofthe night it held a locust flight of german cavalry.
squadron aftersquadron, mostly uhlans, trotted past the slow-moving cart; but joos'sman, maertz, if stolid and heavy-witted, had the sense to pull well outof the way of these hurrying troopers; beyond evoking an occasionalcurse, he was not molested.
the brilliant moon, though waning, helpedthe riders to avoid him.
dalroy and the girl were comfortably seated, and almost hidden, amongthe sacks of oats; they were free to talk as they listed.
naturally, a soldier's eyes took in details at once which would escapea woman; but irene beresford soon noted signs of the erratic fightingwhich had taken place along that very road.
"surely we are in belgium now?"
she whispered, after an awed glance atthe lights and bustling activity of a field hospital established nearthe hamlet of aubel.
"yes," said dalroy quietly, "we have been in belgium fully an hour."
"and have the germans actually attacked this dear little country?"
"so it would seem."
i have always understood that belgium was absolutely safe.
allthe great nations of the world have guaranteed her integrity."
"that has been the main argument of every spouter at international peacecongresses for many a year," said dalroy bitterly.
"if belgium andholland can be preserved by agreement, they contended, why should notall other vexed questions be settled by arbitration?
yet one of ourchaps in the berlin embassy, the man whose ticket you travelled with,told me that the kaiser could be bluntly outspoken when that veryquestion was raised during the autumn manoeuvres last year.
'i shallsweep through belgium thus,' he said, swinging his arm as thoughbrushing aside a feeble old crone who barred his way.
and he was talkingto a british officer too."
"what a crime!
these poor, inoffensive people!
have they resisted, doyou think?"
"that field hospital looked pretty busy," was the grim answer.
a little farther on, at a cross-road, there could no longer be any doubtas to what had happened.
the remains of a barricade littered theditches.
broken carts, ploughs, harrows, and hurdles lay in heaps.
thecarcasses of scores of dead horses had been hastily thrust aside so asto clear a passage.
in a meadow, working by the light of lanterns, gangsof soldiers and peasants were digging long pits, while row after row ofprone figures could be glimpsed when the light carried by thosedirecting the operations chanced to fall on them.
dalroy knew, of course, that all the indications pointed to asuccessful, if costly, german advance, which was the last thing he hadcounted on in this remote countryside.
if the tide of war was rollinginto belgium it should, by his reckoning, have passed to the south-west,engulfing the upper valley of the meuse and the two luxembourgs perhaps,but leaving untouched the placid land on the frontier of holland.
for atime he feared that holland, too, was being attacked.
understandingsomething of german pride, though far as yet from plumbing the depths ofgerman infamy, he imagined that the teutonic host had burst allbarriers, and was bent on making the rhine a german river from source tosea.
naturally he did not fail to realise that the lumbering wagon was takinghim into a country already securely held by the assailants.
there wereno guards at the cross-roads, no indications of military precautions.
the hospital, the grave-diggers, the successive troops of cavalry, feltthemselves safe even in the semi-darkness, and this was the prerogativeof a conquering army.
in the conditions, he did not regard his life asworth much more than an hour's purchase, and he tortured his wits invain for some means of freeing the girl, who reposed such implicitconfidence in him, from the meshes of a net which he felt to betightening every minute.
he simply dreaded the coming of daylight,heralded already by tints of heliotrope and pink in the eastern sky.
certain undulating contours were becoming suspiciously clear in thatpart of the horizon.
it might be only what hafiz describes as the falsedawn; but, false or true, the new day was at hand.
he was on the vergeof advising irene to seek shelter in some remote hovel which their guidecould surely recommend when fate took control of affairs.
maertz had now pulled up in obedience to an unusually threatening orderfrom a uhlan officer whose horse had been incommoded in passing.
abovethe clatter of hoofs and accoutrements dalroy's trained ear had detectedthe sounds of a heavy and continuous cannonade toward the south-west.
"how far are we from visé?"
he asked the driver.
the man pointed with his whip.
"you see that black knob over there?"
"that's a clump of trees just above the meuse.
visé lies below it."
"but how far?"
"not more than two kilomètres."
about a mile and a half!
dalroy was tortured byindecision.
"shall we be there by daybreak?"
i don't know what's been happening here.
these damnedgermans are swarming all over the place.
they must be making for thebridge."
"the bridge across the meuse, of course.
don't you know these parts?"
"not very well."
"i wish i were safe at home; i'd get indoors and stop there," growledthe driver, chirping his team into motion again.
dalroy's doubts were stilled.
better leave this rustic philosopher towork out their common salvation.
a few hundred yards ahead the road bifurcated.
one branch led to visé,the other to argenteau.
here was stationed a picket, evidently intendedas a guide for the cavalry.
most fortunately dalroy read aright the intention of an officer who cameforward with an electric torch.
"lie as flat as you can!"
he whisperedto irene.
"if they find us, pretend to be asleep."
cried the officer to maertz, "where the devil do you thinkyou're going?"
"to joos's mill at visé," said the gruff walloon.
"what's in the cart?"
"_almächtig!_ where from?"
"you just pull ahead into that road there.
i'll attend to you and youroats in a minute or two."
"but can't i push on?"
the officer called to a soldier.
"see that this fellow halts twentyyards up the road," he said.
"if he stirs then, put your bayonet throughhim.
these belgian swine don't seem to understand that they are germansnow, and must obey orders."
the officer, of course, spoke in german, the walloon in the mixture offlemish and low dutch which forms the _patois_ of the district.
but eachcould follow the other's meaning, and the quaking listeners in themiddle of the wagon had no difficulty at all in comprehending thegravity of this new peril.
maertz was swearing softly to himself; they heard him address a questionto the sentry when the wagon stopped again.
"why won't your officer letus go to visé?"
do as you're told, or it will be bad for you," was thereply.
the words were hardly out of the soldier's mouth before a string ofmotor lorries, heavy vehicles with very powerful engines, thundered upfrom the rear.
the leaders passed without difficulty, as there wasplenty of room.
but their broad flat tires sucked up clouds of dust, andthe moon had sunk behind a wooded height.
one of the hindermosttransports, taking too wide a bend, crashed into the wagon.
the startledhorses plunged, pulled maertz off his perch, and dragged the wagon intoa deep ditch.
it fell on its side, and dalroy and his companion werethrown into a field amid a swirl of laden sacks, some of which burst.
dalroy was unhurt, and he could only hope that the girl also had escapedinjury.
ere he rose he clasped her around the neck and clapped a handover her mouth lest she should scream.
"not a word!"
he breathed intoher ear.
"can you manage to crawl on all-fours straight on by the sideof the hedge?
never mind thorns or nettles.
it's our only chance."
in a few seconds they were free of the hubbub which sprang up around theoverturned wagon and the transport, the latter having shattered a wheel.
soon they were able to rise, crouching behind the hedge as they ran.
they turned at an angle, and struck off into the country, following theline of another hedge which trended slightly uphill.
at a gateway theyturned again, moving, as dalroy calculated, on the general line of thevisé road.
a low-roofed shanty loomed up suddenly against the sky.
itwas just the place to house an outpost, and dalroy was minded to avoidit when the lowing of a cow in pain revealed to his trained intelligencethe practical certainty that the animal had been left there unattended,and needed milking.
still, he took no unnecessary risks.
"remain here," he murmured.
"i'll go ahead and investigate, and returnin a minute or so."
he did not notice that the girl sank beneath the hedge with a suspiciousalacrity.
he was a man, a fighter, with the hot breath of war in hisnostrils.
not yet had he sensed the cruel strain which war places onwomen.
moreover, his faculties were centred in the task of the moment.
the soldier is warned not to take his eyes off the enemy while reloadinghis rifle lest the target be lost; similarly, dalroy knew thatconcentration was the prime essential of scout-craft.
thus he was deaf to the distant thunder of guns, but alive to the leastrustle inside the building; blind to certain ominous gleams on thehorizon, but quick to detect any moving object close at hand.
he madeout that a door stood open; so, after a few seconds' pause, he slippedrapidly within, and stood near the wall on the side opposite the hinges.
an animal stirred uneasily, and the plaintive lowing ceased.
he haddropped the sabots long since, and the lamp was lost in the spill out ofthe wagon, but most fortunately he had matches in his pocket.
he closedthe door softly, struck a match, guarding the flame with both hands, andlooked round.
he found himself in a ramshackle shed, half-barn,half-stable.
in a stall was tethered a black-and-white cow, her udderdistended with milk.
huddled up against the wall was the corpse of awoman, an old peasant, whose wizened features had that waxen tint of_camailleu gris_ with which, in their illuminated missals of the middleages, the monks loved to portray the sufferings of the early christianmartyrs.
she had been stabbed twice through the breast.
an overturnedpail and milking-stool showed how and where death had surprised her.
the match flickered out, and dalroy was left in the darkness of thetomb.
he had a second match in his hand, and was on the verge ofstriking it when he heard a man's voice and the swish of feet throughthe grass of the pasture without.
"this is the place, heinrich," came the words in guttural german, andbreathlessly.
then, with certain foulnesses of expression, the speakeradded, "i'm puffed.
that girl fought like a wild cat."
"she's pretty, too, for a belgian," agreed another voice.
but i couldn't put up with her screeching when you told her that abayonet had stopped her grandam's nagging tongue."
"_ach, was!_ what matter, at eighty?"
dalroy had pulled the door open.
stooping, he sought for and found themilking-stool, a solid article of sound oak.
through a chink he saw twodark forms; glints of the dawn on fixed bayonets showed that the menwere carrying their rifles slung.
at the door the foremost switched onan electric torch.
"you milk, heinrich," he said, "while i show a glim."
he advanced a pace, as dalroy expected he would, so the swing of thestool caught him on the right side of the head, partly on the ear andpartly on the rim of his _pickel-haube_.
but his skull was fractured forall that.
heinrich fared no better, though the torch was shattered onthe rough paving of the stable.
a thrust floored him, and he fell with afearsome clatter of accoutrements.
a second blow on the temple stilledthe startled oath on his lips.
dalroy divested him of the rifle, andstuffed a few clips of cartridges into his own pockets.
then, ready for any others of a cut-throat crew, he listened.
one of thepair on the ground was gasping for breath.
the cow began lowing again.
that was all.
there was neither sight nor sound of irene, though shemust have heard enough to frighten her badly.
he said, in a sibilant hiss which would carry easilyto the point where he had left her.
nature was still.
it wasas though inanimate things were awake, but quaking.
the breathing of theunnamed german changed abruptly into a gurgling croak.
heinrich hadtraversed that stage swiftly under the second blow.
from the roads camethe sharp rattle of horses' feet, the panting of motors.
the thud ofgun-fire smote the air incessantly.
it suggested the monstrouspulse-beat of an alarmed world.
over a hilltop the beam of a searchlighthovered for an instant, and vanished.
belgium, little belgium, was in adeath-grapple with mighty germany.
even in her agony she was crying,"what of england?
will england help?"
well, one englishman had lessenedby two the swarm of her enemies that night.
dalroy was only vaguely conscious of the scope and magnitude of eventsin which he was bearing so small a part.
he knew enough of germanmethods in his immediate surroundings, however, to reck as little ofhaving killed two men as though they were rats.
his sole and very realconcern was for the girl who answered not.
before going in search of herhe was tempted to don a _pickel-haube_, which, with the rifle andbayonet, would, in the misty light, deceive any new-comers.
but thefield appeared to be untenanted, and it occurred to him that hiscompanion might actually endeavour to hide if she took him for a germansoldier.
so he did not even carry the weapon.
he found irene at once.
she had simply fainted, and the man who nowlifted her limp form tenderly in his arms was vexed at his ownforgetfulness.
the girl had slept but little during two nights.
mealswere irregular and scanty.
she had lived in a constant and increasingstrain, while the real danger and great physical exertion of the pastfew minutes had provided a climax beyond her powers.
like the mass of young officers in the british army, dalroy kept himselffit, even during furlough, by long walks, daily exercises, andsystematic abstention from sleep, food, and drink.
if a bed was toocomfortable he changed it.
if an undertaking could be accomplishedequally well in conditions of hardship or luxury he chose hardship.
soldiering was his profession, and he held the theory that a soldiermust always be ready to withstand the severest tax on brain andphysique.
therefore the minor privations of the journey from berlin,with its decidedly strenuous sequel at aix-la-chapelle, and thisd'artagnan episode in the neighbourhood of visé, had made no materialdrain on his resources.
a girl like irene beresford, swept into the sirocco of war fromthe ordered and sheltered life of a young englishwoman of themiddle-classes, was an altogether different case.
he believed her oneof the small army of british-born women who find independence and fairremuneration for their services by acting as governesses and ladies'companions on the continent.
nearly every german family of wealth andsocial pretensions counted the _englische fräulein_ as a member of thehousehold; even in autocratic prussia, _kultur_ is not always speltwith a "k." she was well-dressed, and supplied with ample means fortravelling; but plenty of such girls owned secured incomes, treatinga salary as an "extra."
moreover, she spoke german like a native, hadsmall sister in brussels, and had evidently met von halwig in one of thegreat houses of the capital.
undoubtedly, she was a superior type ofgoverness, or, it might be, english mistress in a girls' high school.
these considerations did not crowd in on dalroy while he was holding herin close embrace in a field near visé at dawn on the morning ofwednesday, 5th august.
they were the outcome of nebulous ideas formed inthe train.
at present, his one thought was the welfare of a haplesswoman of his own race, be she a peer's daughter or a postman's.
now, skilled leader of men though he was, he had little knowledge of theorthodox remedies for a fainting woman.
like most people, he was awarethat a loosening of bodices and corsets, a chafing of hands, a vigorousmassage of the feet and ankles, tended to restore circulation, andtherefore consciousness.
but none of these simple methods waspracticable when a party of german soldiers might be hunting for bothof them, while another batch might be minded to follow "heinrich" andhis fellow-butcher.
so he carried her to the stable and laid her on atruss of straw noted during that first vivid glimpse of the interior.
then, greatly daring, he milked the cow.
not only did the poor creature's suffering make an irresistible appeal,but in relieving her distress he was providing the best of nourishmentfor irene and himself.
the cow gave no trouble.
soon the milk wasflowing steadily into the pail.
the darkness was abysmal.
on one handlay a dead woman, on the other an unconscious one, and two dead menguarded the doorway.
once, in paris, dalroy had seen one of the luridplaylets staged at the grand guignol, wherein a woman served a meal fora friend and chatted cheerfully during its progress, though the body ofher murdered husband was stowed behind a couch and a window-curtain.
herecalled the horrid little tragedy now; but that was make-believe, thiswas grim reality.
yet he had ever an eye for the rectangle of the doorway.
when a qualityof grayness sharpened its outlines he knew it was high time to be on themove.
happily, at that instant, irene sighed deeply and stirred.
ere shehad any definite sense of her surroundings she was yielding to dalroy'searnest appeal, and allowing him to guide her faltering steps.
hecarried the pail and the rifle in his left hand.
with the right hegripped the girl's arm, and literally forced her into a walk.
the wood indicated by maertz was plainly visible now, and close at hand,and the first rays of daylight gave colour to the landscape.
the hour,as dalroy ascertained later, was about a quarter to four.
it was vitally essential that they should reach cover within the nextfive minutes; but his companion was so manifestly unequal to sustainedeffort that he was on the point of carrying her in order to gain theprotection of the first hedgerow when he noticed that a slightdepression in the hillside curved in the direction of the wood.
here,too, were shrubs and tufts of long grass.
indeed, the shallow troughproved to be one of the many heads of a ravine.
the discovery of ahidden way at that moment contributed as greatly as any othercircumstance to their escape.
they soon learnt that the germanhell-hounds were in full cry on their track.
at the first bend dalroy called a halt.
he told irene to sit down, andshe obeyed so willingly that, rendered wiser by events, he feared lestshe should faint again.
when travelling he made it a habit to carry two handkerchiefs, one foruse and one in case of emergency, such as a bandage being in suddendemand, so he was able to produce a square of clean cambric, which hefolded cup-shape and partly filled with milk.
it was the bestsubstitute he could devise for a strainer, and it served admirably.
bythis means they drank nearly all the milk he had secured, and, with eachmouthful, irene felt a new eichor in her veins.
for the first time shegave heed to the rifle.
"how did you get that?"
she asked, wide-eyed with wonder.
"i picked it up at the door of the shed," he answered.
"i remember now," she murmured.
"you left me under a hedge while youcrept forward to investigate, and i was silly enough to go off in a deadfaint.
did you carry me to the shed?"
"what a bother i must have been.
but the finding of a rifle doesn'texplain a can of milk."
"the really important factor was the cow," he said lightly.
"now, younglady, if you can talk you can walk.
we have a little farther to go."
she retorted, bravely emulating his self-control.
"i am gladyou have fixed on our destination.
it's quite a relief to be in chargeof a man who really knows what he wants, and sees that he gets it."
he led the way, she followed.
he had an eye for all quarters, becausedaylight was coming now with the flying feet of aurora.
but this tinysection of belgium was free from germans, for the very good reason thattheir cohorts already held the right bank of the meuse at many points,and their engineers were throwing pontoon bridges across the river atvisé and argenteau.
from the edge of the wood dalroy looked down on the river, the railway,and the little town itself.
he saw instantly that the whole districtsouth of the meuse was strongly held by the invaders.
three arches of afine stone bridge had been destroyed, evidently by the retreatingbelgians; but pontoons were in position to take its place.
twice alreadyhad belgian artillery destroyed the enemy's work, and not even aprofessional soldier could guess that the guns of the defence were onlyawaiting a better light to smash the pontoons a third time.
in fact,barely half-a-mile to the right of the wood, a battery of four 5.9's wasposted on high ground, in the hope that the belgian guns of smallercalibre might be located and crushed at once.
even while the two stoodlooking down into the valley, a sputtering rifle-fire broke out acrossthe river, three hundred yards wide at the bridge, and the volume ofmusketry steadily increased.
men, horses, wagons, and motors swarmed onthe roadway or sheltered behind warehouses on the quays.
as a soldier, dalroy was amazed at the speed and annihilatingcompleteness of the german mobilisation.
indeed, he was chagrined by it,it seemed so admirable, so thoroughly thought-out in each detail, sounapproachable by any other nation in its pitiless efficiency.
he didnot know then that the vaunted prussian-made military machine dependedfor its motive-power largely on treachery and espionage.
toward theclose of july, many days before war was declared, germany had secretlymassed nine hundred thousand men on the frontiers of belgium and theduchy of luxembourg.
her armies, therefore, had gathered like felons,and were led by master-thieves in the persons of thousands of germanofficers domiciled in both countries in the guise of peaceful traders.
single-minded person that he was, dalroy at once focused his thoughts onthe immediate problem.
a small stream leaped down from the wood to themeuse.
short of a main road bridge its turbulent course was checked by amill-dam, and there was some reason to believe that the mill might bejoos's.
the building seemed a prosperous place, with its two giantwheels on different levels, its ample granaries, and a substantialhouse.
it was intact, too, and somewhat apart from the actual line ofbattle.
at any rate, though the transition was the time-honoured onefrom the frying-pan to the fire, in that direction lay food, shelter,and human beings other than germans, so he determined to go therewithout further delay.
his main purpose now was to lodge his companionwith some belgian family until the tide of war had swept far to thewest.
for himself, he meant to cross the enemy's lines by hook or bycrook, or lose his life in the attempt.
"one more effort," he said, smiling confidently into irene's somewhatpallid face.
"your uncle lives below there, i fancy.
we're about toclaim his hospitality."
he hid the rifle, bayonet, and cartridges in a thicket.
the milk-pail hetook with him.
if they met a german patrol the pail might serve as anexcuse for being out and about, whereas the weapons would have been asure passport to the next world.
it was broad daylight when they entered the miller's yard.
they saw thename henri joos on a cart.
cried dalroy confidently.
"i'm glad joos spells hischristian name in the french way.
it shows that he means well, anyhow!"
early as was the hour, a door leading to the dwelling-house stood open.
the sound of feet on the cobbled pavement of the mill-yard brought asquat, beetle-browed old man to the threshold.
he surveyed the strangerswith a curiously haphazard yet piercing underlook.
his black eyes held aglint of red.
here was one in a subdued torment of rage, or, it mightbe, of ill-controlled panic.
he grunted, using the local argot.
dalroy, quick to read character, decided that this crabbed old walloonwas to be won at once or not at all.
"shall i speak french or german?"
he said quietly.
the other spat.
"_qu'est-ce que tu veux que je te dise, moi?_" he demanded.
now, theplain english of that question is, "what do you wish me to say?"
but theexpectoration, no less than the biting tone, lent the words a far deepermeaning.
dalroy was reassured.
"are you monsieur henri joos?"
"this lady and i have come from aix-la-chapelle with your man, maertz."
"oh, he's alive, then?"
"i hope so.
but may we not enter?"
joos eyed the engine-cleaner's official cap and soiled clothes, and hissuspicious gaze travelled to dalroy's well-fitting and expensive boots.
"who the deuce are you?"
"i'll tell you if you let us come in."
"i can't hinder you.
it is an order, all doors must be left open."
still, he made way, though ungraciously.
the refugees found themselvesin a spacious kitchen, a comfortable and cleanly place, dutch in itscolourings and generally spick and span aspect.
a comely woman of middleage, and a plump, good-looking girl about as old as irene, were seatedon an oak bench beneath a window.
they were clinging to each other, andhad evidently listened fearfully to the brief conversation without.
the only signs of disorder in the room were supplied by a quantity ofempty wine-bottles, drinking-mugs, soiled plates, and cutlery, spread ona broad table.
irene sank into one of half-a-dozen chairs which hadapparently been used by the feasters.
his laugh had an ugly sound.
"pity you weren't twentyminutes sooner," he guffawed.
"you'd have had company, pleasant company,visitors from across the frontier."
"i, too, have crossed the frontier," said irene, a wan smile lendingpathos to her beauty.
"i travelled with germans from berlin.
if i saw agerman now i think i should die."
at that, madame joos rose.
"calm thyself, henri," she said.
"thesepeople are friends."
"maybe," retorted her husband.
he turned on dalroy with surprisingenergy, seeing that he was some twenty years older than his wife.
"yousay that you came with maertz," he went on.
"where is he?
he has beenabsent four days."
by this time dalroy thought he had taken the measure of his man.
nomatter what the outcome to himself personally, miss beresford mustbe helped.
she could go no farther without food and rest.
he riskedeverything on the spin of a coin.
"we are english," he said, speakingvery slowly and distinctly, so that each syllable should penetratethe combined brains of the joos family.
"we were only trying toleave germany, meaning harm to none, but were arrested as spies ataix-la-chapelle.
we escaped by a ruse.
i knocked a man silly, and tooksome of his clothes.
then we happened on maertz at a corner of franzstrasse, and persuaded him to give us a lift.
we jogged along all rightuntil we reached the cross-roads beyond the hill there," and he pointedin the direction of the wood.
"a german officer refused to allow us topass, but a motor transport knocked the wagon over, and this lady and iwere thrown into a field.
we got away in the confusion, and made for acowshed lying well back from the road and on the slope of the hill.
atthat point my friend fainted, luckily for herself, because, when iexamined the shed, i found the corpse of an old woman there.
she hadevidently been about to milk a black-and-white cow when she wasbayoneted by a german soldier----"he was interrupted by a choking sob from madame joos, who leaned a handon the table for support.
in pose and features she would have served asa model for hans memling's "portrait" of saint elizabeth, which inhappier days used to adorn the hospital at bruges.
"the widow jaquinot,"she gasped.
"of course, madame, i don't know the poor creature's name.
i waswondering how to act for the best when two soldiers came to the stable.
i heard what they were saying.
one of them admitted that he had stabbedthe old woman; his words also implied that he and his comrade hadviolated her granddaughter.
so i picked up a milking-stool and killedboth of them.
i took one of their rifles, which, with its bayonet and anumber of cartridges, i hid at the top of the ravine.
this is the pailwhich i found in the shed.
no doubt it belongs to the jaquinothousehold.
now, i have told you the actual truth.
i ask nothing formyself.
if i stay here, even though you permit it, my presence willcertainly bring ruin on you.
so i shall go at once.
but i _do_ ask you,as christian people, to safeguard this young english lady, and, whenconditions permit, and she has recovered her strength, to guide her intoholland, unless, that is, these german beasts are attacking the dutchtoo."
for a brief space there was silence.
dalroy looked fixedly at joos,trying to read irene beresford's fate in those black, glowing eyes.
thewomenfolk were won already; but well he knew that in this belgian nookthe patriarchal principle that a man is lord and master in his own housewould find unquestioned acceptance.
he was aware that irene's gaze wasriveted on him in a strangely magnetic way.
it was one thing that heshould say calmly, "so i picked up a milking-stool, and killed both ofthem," but quite another that irene should visualise in the light of herrare intelligence the epic force of the tragedy enacted while she layunconscious in the depths of a hedgerow.
dalroy could tell, heaven knowshow, that her very soul was peering at him.
in that tense moment he knewthat he was her man for ever.
but--_surgit amari aliquid_!
a wave ofbitterness welled up from heart to brain because of the conviction thatif he would, indeed, be her true knight he must leave her within thenext few seconds.
yet his resolution did not waver.
not once did hisglance swerve from joos's wizened face.
it was the miller himself who first broke the spell cast on thecuriously assorted group by dalroy's story.
he stretched out a hand andtook the pail.
"this is fresh milk," he said, examining the dregs.
i milked the cow.
the poor animal was in pain, and my friend and iwanted the milk."
"you milked the cow--before?"
_"grand dieu!_ you're english, without doubt."
joos turned the pail upside down, appraising it critically.
"yes," hesaid, "it's one of dupont's.
i remember her buying it.
she gave himfifty kilos of potatoes for it.
she stuck him, he said.
half thepotatoes were black.
a rare hand at a bargain, the veuve jaquinot.
andshe's dead you tell me.
a bayonet thrust?"
madame joos burst into hysterical sobbing.
her husband whisked round onher with that singular alertness of movement which was one of his mostmarked characteristics.
"isn't that what we're all coming to?
whatmatter to dupont now whether the potatoes were black or sound?"
dalroy guessed that dupont was the iron-monger of visé.
he was gaining aglimpse, too, of the indomitable soul of belgium.
though itching forinformation, he checked the impulse, because time pressed horribly.
"well," he said, "will you do what you can for the lady?
the germanshave spared you.
you have fed them.
they may treat you decently.
i'llmake it worth while.
i have plenty of money----"irene stood up.
"monsieur," she said, and her voice was sweet as thesong of a robin, "it is idle to speak of saving one without the other.
where monsieur dalroy goes i go.
if he dies, i die."
for the first time since entering the mill dalroy dared to look at her.
in the sharp, crisp light of advancing day her blue eyes held a tint ofviolet.
tear-drops glistened in the long lashes; but she smiledwistfully, as though pleading for forgiveness.
"that is sheer nonsense," he cried in english, making a miserablefailure of the anger he tried to assume.
"you ought to be reasonablysafe here.
by insisting on remaining with me you deliberately sacrificeboth our lives.
that is, i mean," he added hastily, aware of a slip,"you prevent me too from taking the chance of escape that offers."
"if that were so i would not thrust myself on you," she answered.
"but iknow the germans.
i know how they mean to wage war.
they make no secretof it.
they intend to strike terror into every heart at the outset.
theyare not men, but super-brutes.
you saw von halwig at berlin, and againat aix-la-chapelle.
if a titled prussian can change his superficialmanners--not his nature, which remains invariably bestial--to thatextent in a day, before he has even the excuse of actual war, what willthe same man become when roused to fury by resistance?
but we must nottalk english."
she turned to joos.
"tell us, then, monsieur," she said,grave and serious as pallas athena questioning perseus, "have not theprussians already ravaged and destroyed visé?"
the old man's face suddenly lost its bronze, and became ivory white.
hisfeatures grew convulsed.
he resembled one of those grotesque maskscarved by japanese artists to simulate a demon.
"curse them in life and in death--man, woman, and child!
whathas belgium done that she should be harried by a pack of wolves?
who cansay what wolves will do?"
joos was aboil with vitriolic passion.
there was no knowing how longthis tirade might have gone on had not a speckled hen stalked firmly inthrough the open door with obvious and settled intent to breakfast oncrumbs.
"_ciel!_" cackled the orator.
"not a fowl was fed overnight!"
in real life, as on the stage, comedy and tragedy oft go hand in hand.
but the speckled hen deserved a good meal.
her entrance undoubtedlystemmed the floodtide of her owner's patriotic wrath, and thus enabledthe five people in the kitchen to overhear a hoarse cry from theroadway: "hi, there, _dummer esel_!
whither goest thou?
this is joos'smill."
"to the second loft with them!
in this unexpected crisis, dalroy could neither protest nor refuse toaccompany the girl, who led him and irene up a back stair and through awell-stored granary to a ladder which communicated with a trap-door.
"i'll bring you some coffee and eggs as soon as i can," she whispered.
"draw up the ladder, and close the door.
it's not so bad up there.
there's a window, but take care you aren't seen.
maybe," she addedtremulously, "you are safer than we now."
dalroy realised that it was best to obey.
"god is still in heaven, and all willbe well with the world."
"please, monsieur, what became of jan maertz?"
she inquired timidly.
"i'm not quite certain, but i think he fell clear of the wagon.
thegermans should not have ill-treated him.
the collision was not hisfault."
the girl sobbed, and left them.
probably the gruff walloon was herlover.
irene climbed first.
dalroy followed, raised the ladder noiselessly, andlowered the trap.
his brow was seamed with foreboding, as, despite hisdesire to leave his companion in the care of the miller's household, hehad an instinctive feeling that he was acting unwisely.
moreover, likeevery free man, he preferred to seek the open when in peril.
now he felthimself caged.
therefore was he amazed when irene laughed softly.
"how readily youtranslate browning into french!"
he gazed at her in wonderment.
less than an hour ago she had faintedunder the stress of hunger and dread, yet here was she talking as thoughthey had met in the breakfast-room of an english country house.
he wouldhave said something, but the ancient mill trembled under the suddencrash of artillery.
the roof creaked, the panes of glass in the dormerwindow rattled, and fragments of mortar fell from the walls.
unmindful,for the moment, of léontine joos's warning, dalroy went to the window,which commanded a fine view of the town, river, and opposite heights.
the pontoon bridge was broken.
several pontoons were in splinters.
theothers were swinging with the current toward each bank.
six belgianfield-pieces had undone the night's labour, and a lively rat-tat ofrifles, mixed with the stutter of machine guns, proved that thedefenders were busy among the germans trapped on the north bank.
theheavier ordnance brought to the front by the enemy soon took up thechallenge; troops occupying the town, which, for the most part, lies onthe south bank, began to cover the efforts of the engineers, instantlyrenewed.
history was being written in blood that morning on both sidesof the meuse.
the splendid defence offered by a small belgian force wasthwarting the advance of the 9th german army corps.
similarly, the 10thand 7th were being held up at verviers and on the direct road from aixto liège respectively.
all this meant that general leman, the heroiccommander-in-chief at liège, was given most precious time to garrisonthat strong fortress, construct wire entanglements, lay mines, anddestroy roads and railways, which again meant that von emmich'ssledge-hammer blows with three army corps failed to overwhelm liège inaccordance with the dastardly plan drawn up by the german staff.
dalroy, though he might not realise the marvellous fact then, was intruth a spectator of a serious german defeat.
even in the conditions, hewas aglow with admiration for the pluck of the belgians in standing upso valiantly against the merciless might of germany.
the window wasdust-laden as the outcome of earlier gun-fire, and he was actually onthe point of opening it when irene stopped him.
"those men below may catch sight of you," she said.
he stepped back hurriedly.
two forage-carts had been brought into theyard, and preparations were being made to load them with oats and hay.
a truculent-looking sergeant actually lifted his eyes to that particularwindow.
but he could not see through the dimmed panes, and was onlyestimating the mill's probable contents.
dalroy laughed constrainedly.
"you are the better soldier of the two,"he said.
"i nearly blundered.
still, i wish the window was open.
i wantto size up the chances of the belgians.
those are bigger guns which areanswering, and a duel between big guns and little ones can have only oneresult."
seemingly, the german battery of quick-firers had located its opponents,because the din now became terrific.
as though in response to dalroy'sdesire, three panes of glass fell out owing to atmospheric concussion,and the watchers in the loft could follow with ease the central phase ofthe struggle.
the noise of the battle was redoubled by the accident tothe window, and the air-splitting snarl of the high-explosive shellsfired by the 5.9's in the effort to destroy the belgian guns wasspecially deafening.
that sound, more than any other, seemed to affectirene's nerves.
involuntarily she clung to dalroy's arm, and he, with noother intent than to reassure her, drew her trembling form close.
it was evident that the assailants were suffering heavy losses.
scoresof men fell every few minutes among the bridge-builders, whilecasualties were frequent among the troops lining the quays.
events onthe belgian side of the river were not so marked; but even irene couldmake out the precise moment when the defenders' fire slackened, and theline of pontoons began to reach out again toward the farther shore.
"are the poor belgians beaten, then?"
she asked, with a tender sympathywhich showed how lightly she estimated her own troubles in comparisonwith the agony of a whole nation.
"i think not," said dalroy.
"i imagine they have changed the position ofsome, at least, of their guns, and will knock that bridge to smithereensagain just as soon as it nears completion."
the forage-carts rumbled out of the yard.
dalroy noticed that thesoldiers wore linen covers over the somewhat showy _pickel-hauben_,though the regiments he had seen in aix-la-chapelle swaggered throughthe streets in their ordinary helmets.
this was another instance ofgerman thoroughness.
the invisibility of the gray-green uniform was notso patent when the _pickel-haube_ lent its glint, but no sooner had thetroops crossed the frontier than the linen cover was adjusted, and themasses of men became almost merged in the browns and greens of thelandscape.
the two were so absorbed in the drama being fought out before their eyesthat they were quite startled by a series of knocks on the boardedfloor.
dalroy crept to the trap door and listened.
then, during aninterval between the salvoes of artillery, he heard léontine's voice,"monsieur!
he pulled up the trap.
beneath stood léontine, with a long pole in herhands.
beside her, on the floor, was a laden tray.
"i've brought you something to eat," she said.
"father thinks you hadbetter remain there at present.
the germans say they will soon cross theriver, as they intend taking liège to-night."
not until they had eaten some excellent rolls and butter, with boiledeggs, and drank two cups of hot coffee, did they realise how ravenouslyhungry they were.
then dalroy persuaded irene to lie down on a pile ofsacks, and, amid all the racket of a fierce engagement, she slept thesleep of sheer exhaustion.
thus he was left on guard, as it were, andsaw the pontoons once more demolished.
after that he, too, curled up against the wall and slept.
the sound ofrifle shots close at hand awoke him.
his first care was for the girl,but she lay motionless.
then he looked out.
there was renewed excitementin the main road, but only a few feet of it was visible from the attic.
a number of women and children ran past, all screaming, and evidently ina state of terror.
several houses in the town were on fire, and thesmoke hung over the river in such clouds as to obscure the north bank.
old henri joos came hurriedly into the yard.
he was gesticulatingwildly, and dalroy heard a door bang as he vanished.
refusing to bepenned up any longer without news of what was happening, dalroy loweredthe ladder, and, after ascertaining that irene was still asleep,descended.
he made his way to the kitchen, pausing only to find outwhether or not it held any german soldiers.
joos's shrill voice, raised in malediction of all prussians, soondecided that fact.
he spoke in the local _patois_, but straightwaybranched off into french interlarded with german when dalroy appeared.
he almost screamed.
they can't beat ourbrave boys of the 3rd regiment, so what do you think they're doing now?
murdering men, women, and children out of mere spite.
the devils fromhell pretended that the townsfolk were shooting at them, so they beganto stab, and shoot, and burn in all directions.
the officers are worsethan the men.
three came here in an automobile, and marked on the gatethat the mill was not to be burnt--they want my grain, you see--and, asthey were driving off again, young jan smit ran by.
poor lad, he wasbreathless with fear.
they asked him if he had seen another car liketheirs, but he could only stutter.
one of them laughed, and said, 'i'llwork a miracle, and cure him.'
then he whipped out a revolver and shotthe boy dead.
some soldiers with badges on their arms saw this.
one ofthem yelled, '_man hat geschossen_' ('the people have been shooting'),though it was their own officer who fired, and he and the others threwlittle bombs into the nearest cottages, and squirted petrol in throughthe windows.
madame didier, who has been bedridden for years, was burntalive in that way.
they have a regular corps of men for the job.
then,'to punish the town,' as they said, they took twenty of our chiefcitizens, lined them up in the market-place, and fired volleys at them.
there was dupont, and the abbé courvoisier, and monsieur philippe thenotary, and--_ah, mon dieu_, i don't know--all my old friends.
theprussian beasts will come here soon.--wife!
how can i saveyou?
they are devils--devils, i tell you--devils mad with drink andanger.
a few scratches in chalk on our gate won't hold them back.
theymay be here any moment.
you, mademoiselle, had better go with léontinehere and drown yourselves in the mill dam.
heaven help me, that is theonly advice a father can give!"
irene stood close behind.
she knew when he left thegarret, and had followed swiftly.
she confessed afterwards that shethought he meant to carry out his self-denying project, and leave her.
"you are mistaken, monsieur joos," she said now, speaking with anaristocratic calm which had an immediate effect on the miller and hisdistraught womenfolk.
"you do not know the german soldier.
he is amachine that obeys orders.
he will kill, or not kill, exactly as he isbidden.
if your house has been excepted it is absolutely safe."
she was right.
the mill was one of the places in visé spared by germanmalice that day.
a well-defined section of the little town was given upto murder, and loot, and fire, and rapine.
scenes were enacted which areindescribable.
a brutal soldiery glutted its worst passions on anunarmed and defenceless population.
the hour was near when somehysterical folk would tell of the apparition of angels at mons; but oldhenri joos was unquestionably right when he spoke of the presence ofdevils in visé.
the miller's volcanic outburst seemed to have exhausted itself; hesubsided to the oaken bench, leaned forward, elbows on knees, and thrusthis clenched fists against his ears as though he would shut out thedeafening clamour of the guns.
this attitude of dejection evidentlyalarmed madame joos.
she forgot her own fears in solicitude for herhusband.
bending over him, she patted his shoulder with a maternal hand,since every woman is at heart a mother--a mother first and essentially.
"maybe the lady is right, henri," she said tenderly.
"young as she is,she may understand these things better than countryfolk like us."
"ah, lise," he moaned, "you would have dropped dead had you seen poordupont.
he wriggled for a long minute after he fell.
and the abbé, withhis white hair!
some animal of a prussian fired at his face."
"don't talk about it," urged his wife.
"it is bad for you to get soexcited.
remember, the doctor warned you----""the doctor!
a soldier hammered on the surgery door withthe butt of his rifle, and, when the doctor came out, twirled the rifleand stabbed him right through the body.
i saw it.
it was like aconjuring trick.
i was giving an officer some figures about the contentsof the mill.
the doctor screamed, and clutched at the bayonet with bothhands.
and who do you think the murderer was?"
madame joos's healthy red cheeks had turned a ghastly yellow, but shecontrived to stammer, "_dieu!_ the poor doctor!
but how should i know?"
"the barber, karl schwartz."
"karl a soldier!"
"more, a sergeant.
he lived and worked among us ten years--a spy.
it wasthe doctor who got him fined for beating his wife.
no wonder monsieurlafarge used to say there were too many germans in belgium.
the officeri was talking to watched the whole thing.
he was a fat man, and worespectacles for writing.
he lifted them, and screwed up his eyes, so,like a pig, to read the letters on the brass door-plate.
'_almächtig!_'he said, grinning, 'a successful operation on a doctor by a patient.'
i felt in my pocket for a knife.
i meant to rip open hispaunch.
then one of our shells burst near us, and he scuttled.
the windof the explosion knocked me over, so i came home."
the two, to some extent, were using the local _patois_; but theirenglish hearers understood nearly every word, because these residents onthe belgian border mingle french, german, and a low dutch dialectalmost indiscriminately.
dalroy at once endeavoured to divert the oldman's thoughts.
the massacre which had been actually permitted, or evenorganised, in the town by daylight would probably develop into an orgythat night.
not one woman now, but three, required protection.
he mustevolve some definite plan which could be carried out during the day,because the hordes of cavalry pressing toward the meuse would soondeplete joos's mill; and when the place ceased to be of value to thecommissariat the protecting order would almost certainly be revoked.
moreover, léontine joos was young and fairly attractive.
in a word, dalroy was beginning to understand the psychology of thegerman soldier in war-time.
"let us think of the immediate future," he struck in boldly.
"you have awife and daughter to safeguard, monsieur joos, while i have mademoiselleberesford on my hands.
your mill is on the outskirts of the town.
isthere no village to the west, somewhere out of the direct line, to whichthey could be taken for safety?"
growled joos, springing up again, "isn't that where thesesavages are going?
that is the way to liège.
i asked the officer.
hesaid they would be in liège to-night, and in paris in three weeks."
"is it true that england has declared war?"
"so they say.
but the prussians laugh.
you have no soldiers, they tellus, and their fleet is nearly as strong as yours.
they think they havecaught you napping, and that is why they are coming through belgium.
paris first, then the coast, and they've got you.
for the love ofheaven, monsieur, is it true that you have no army?"
dalroy was stung into putting britain's case in the best possible light.
"not only have we an army, every man of which is worth three germans ata fair estimate; but if england has come into this war she will notcease fighting until prussia grovels in the mud at her feet.
how canyou, a belgian, doubt england's good faith?
hasn't england maintainedyour nation in freedom for eighty years?"
but the prussians are sure of victory, and one's heartaches when one sees them sweep over the land like a pestilence.
ihaven't told you one-tenth----""why frighten these ladies needlessly?
the gun-fire is bad enough.
youand i are men, monsieur joos.
we must try and save our women."
the miller was spirited, and the implied taunt struck home.
"it's all very well talking in that way," he cried; "but what's going tohappen to you if a german sees you?
_que diable!_ you look like anaachen carriage-cleaner, don't you, with your officer air and commandingvoice, and your dandy boots, and your fine clothes showing when theworkman's smock opens!
the lady, too, in a cheap shawl, wearing a blouseand skirt that cost hundreds of francs!--léontine, take monsieur----""dalroy."
"take monsieur dalroy to jan maertz's room, and let him put on jan'soldest clothes and a pair of sabots.
jan's clogs will just about fithim.
and give mademoiselle one of your old dresses."
he whirled round on dalroy.
"what became of jan maertz?
did the germansreally kill him?
tell us the truth.
léontine, there, had better know."
"i think he is safe," said dalroy.
"i have already explained to yourdaughter how the accident came about which separated us.
maertz waspulled out of the driver's seat by the reins when the horses plunged andupset the wagon.
he may arrive any hour."
"the germans didn't know, then, that you and the lady were in the cart?"
"i hope jan hasn't told them.
that would be awkward.
but what matter?
you talk like a true man, and i'll do my best for you.
it's nothing butnonsense to think of getting away from visé yet.
you're a liègeois whomi hired to do jan's work while he went to aix.
everybody in visé knowshe went there four days ago.
i can't lift heavy sacks of grain at myage, and i must have a man's help.
when that fatfellow gets his puff again he'll be here for more supplies.
and mind youdon't wash your face and hands.
you're far too much of a gentleman as itis."
"one moment," interrupted irene.
"i want your promise, captain dalroy,that you will not go away without telling me."
she could not guess how completely old joos's broken story of the day'sevents in visé had changed dalroy's intent.
"i would as soon think of cutting off my right hand," he said.
their eyes met and clashed.
it was dark in the mill's kitchen, even atmidday; but the girl felt that the tan of travel and exposure on herface was yielding to a deep crimson.
"come, léontine," she cried almostgaily, "show me how to wear one of your frocks.
i'll do as much for yousome day in london."
"you be off, too," growled joos to dalroy.
"when the germans come theymust see you about the place."
the old man was shrewd in his way.
the sooner these strangers becamemembers of the household the less likely were they to attract attention.
thus it came about that both dalroy and irene were back in the kitchen,and clothed in garments fully in keeping with their new rôles, when acommissariat wagon entered the yard.
a bavarian corporal did not troubleto open the door in the ordinary way.
he smashed the latch with hisshoulder.
"why is this door closed?"
he demanded fiercely.
"monsieur----" began joos.
"speak german, you swine!"
"i forgot the order, herr kaporal.
as you see, it was only on thelatch."
"don't let it happen again.
load the first wagon with hay and the secondwith flour.
while you're at it, these women can cook us a meal.
where doyou keep your wine?"
"everything will be put on the table, _mons_--herr kaporal."
"none of your lip!--here, you, the pretty one, show me thewine-cupboard.
i'll make my own selection.
we bavarians are famousjudges of good wine and pretty women, let me tell you."
the corporal's wit was highly appreciated by the squad of four men whoaccompanied him.
they had all been drinking.
it is a notable fact thatduring the early days of the invasion of belgium and france--in effect,while wine and brandy were procurable by theft--the army which boaststhe strictest discipline of any in the world was unquestionably the mostdrunken that has ever waged successful war.
irene was "the pretty one" chosen as guide by this hulking connoisseur,but she knew how to handle boors of his type.
"you must not talk in that style to a girl from berlin," she said icily.
"you and your men will take what is given you, or i'll find your_oberleutnant_, and hear what he has to say about it."
she spoke purposely in perfect german, and the corporal was vastlysurprised.
"pardon, _gnädiges fräulein_," he mumbled with a clumsy bow.
"i nooffence meant.
we will within come when the meal is ready.
the enemy was routed.
the miller and his man worked hard until dusk.
the fat officer turnedup, and lost no opportunity of ogling the two girls.
he handed joos apayment docket, which, he explained grandiloquently, would be honouredby the military authorities in due course.
joos pocketed the documentwith a sardonic grin.
there was some fifteen thousand francs' worth ofgrain and forage stored on the premises, and he did not expect to see acentime of hard cash from the germans, unless, as he whispered grimly todalroy, they were forced to pay double after the war.
meanwhile theplace was gutted.
wagon after wagon came empty and went away loaded.
driblets of news were received.
the passage of the meuse had beenachieved, thanks to a flanking movement from argenteau.
liège had fallenat the first attack.
the german high sea fleet was escorting an army intransports to invade england, where, meanwhile, zeppelins weredestroying london.
visé, having been sufficiently "punished" for a firstoffence, would now be spared so long as the inhabitants "behavedthemselves."
if a second "lesson" were needed it would be something toremember.
the first and last of these items were correct, inasmuch as theyrepresented events and definite orders affecting the immediateneighbourhood.
otherwise, the budget consisted of ever more daringflights of teutonic imagination, the crescendo swelling by distance.
liège was so far from having fallen that the 7th division, deprived ofthe support of the 9th and 10th divisions, had been beaten backdisastrously from the shallow trenches in front of the outer girdle offorts.
the 10th was about to share the same fate; and the 9th, afterbeing delayed nearly three days by the glorious resistance offered bythe belgians at visé, was destined to fare likewise.
but rumour as tothe instant "capture" of liège was not rife among the lower ranks aloneof the german army.
the commander-in-chief actually telegraphed the newsto the all-highest at aix; when the all-highest discovered the truth thecommander-in-chief decided that he had better blow his brains out, anddid.
the fact was that the overwhelming horde of invaders could not be keptout of the city of liège by the hastily mobilised belgian army; but theheroic governor, general leman, held the ring of forts intact until theywere pulverised by the heavy ordnance of which dalroy had seen twospecimens during the journey to cologne.
many days were destined toelapse before the last of the strongholds, fort loncin, crumbled intoruins by the explosion of its own magazine; and until that was achievedthe mighty army of germany dared not advance another kilomètre to thewest.
when the bavarian corporal had gone through every part of the house andoutbuildings, and satisfied himself that the only stores left were somepotatoes and a half-bag of flour, he informed the miller that he and hissquad would be billeted there that evening.
"your pantry is bare," he said, "but the wine is all right, so we'llbring a joint which we 'planted' this morning.
be decent about the wine,and your folk can have a cut in, too."
possibly he meant to be civil, and there was a chance that the nightmight pass without incident.
visé itself was certainly quiet save forthe unceasing stream of troops making for the pontoon bridge.
thefighting seemed to have shifted to the west and south-west, and joos putan unerring finger on the situation when he said pithily, "liège ismaking a deuce of a row after being taken."
"how many forts are there around the city?"
"twelve, big and little.
pontisse and barchon cover the meuse on thisside, and fleron and evegnée bar the direct road from aix.
unless i amgreatly in error, monsieur, the german wolf is breaking his teeth onsome of them at this minute."
liège itself was ten miles distant; pontisse, the nearest fort, thoughon the left bank of the river, barely six.
the evening was still, therebeing only a slight breeze from the south-west, which brought the loudthunder of the guns and the crackle of rifle-fire.
it was the voice ofbelgium proclaiming to the high gods that she was worthy of life.
the bavarians came with their "joint," a noble piece of beef hacked offa whole side looted from a butcher's shop.
madame joos cut off an amplequantity, some ten pounds, and put it in the oven.
the girls peeledpotatoes and prepared cabbages.
in half-an-hour the kitchen had anappetising smell of food being cooked, the men were smoking, and acasual visitor would never have resolved the gathering into itsconstituent elements of irreconcilable national hatreds.
the corporal even tried to make amends for having damaged thedoor.
he examined the broken latch.
"it's a small matter," he saidapologetically.
"you can repair it for a trifle; and, in any case,you will sleep all the better that we are here."
though somewhat maudlin with liquor, he was very much afraid of the"girl from berlin."
he could not sum her up, but meant to behavehimself; while his men, of course, followed his lead unquestioningly.
dalroy kept in the background.
he listened, but said hardly anything.
the turn of fortune's wheel was distinctly favourable.
if the nightended as it had begun there was a chance that he and irene might slipaway to the dutch frontier next morning, since he had ascertaineddefinitely that holland was secure for the time, and was impartiallyinterning all combatants, either germans or belgians, who crossed theborder.
at this time he was inclined to abandon his own project ofstriving to steal through the german lines.
he was somewhat weary, too,after the unusual labour of carrying heavy sacks of grain and flour downsteep ladders or lowering them by a pulley.
thus, he dozed off in acorner, but was aroused suddenly by the entry of the commissariatofficer and three subalterns.
with them came an orderly, who dumped aladen basket and a case of champagne on the floor.
the corporal and his satellites sprang to attention.
the fat man took the salute, and glanced around the kitchen.
"the men fare better than theofficers, it would seem.--be off, you!"
"herr major, we are herein billeted," stuttered the corporal.
"be off, i tell you, and take these belgian swine with you!
i make myquarters here to-night."
joos, of course, he recognised; and the miller said, with some dignity,that the gentlemen would be made as comfortable as his resourcespermitted, but he must remain in his own house.
the fat man stared at him, as though such insolence were unheard-of.
"here," he roared to the corporal, "pitch this old hog into the meuse.
he annoys me."
meanwhile, one of the younger officers, a strapping westphalian, lurchedtoward irene.
she did not try to avoid him, thinking, perhaps, that apassive attitude was advisable.
he caught her by the waist, and guffawedto his companions, "didn't i offer to bet you fellows that busch nevermade a mistake about a woman?
who'd have dreamed of finding a beautylike this one in a rotten old mill?"
the bavarians had collected their rifles and sidearms, and were goingout sullenly.
each of the officers carried a sword and revolver.
irene saw that dalroy had risen in his corner.
she wrenched herselffree.
"how am i to prepare supper for you gentlemen if you bother me inthis way?"
she demanded tartly.
"behave yourself, fritz," puffed the major.
"is that your idea ofkeeping your word?
_mama_, if she is discreet, will go to bed, and theyoung ones will eat with us.--open that case of wine, orderly.
i'mthirsty.--the girls will have a drink too.
cooking is warm work.--hallo!
what the devil!
kaporal, didn't you hear my order?"
dalroy grabbed joos, who was livid with rage.
the two girls were safefor the hour, and must endure the leering of four tipsy scoundrels.
arow at the moment would be the wildest folly.
he said gruffly.
"the _oberleutnant_ doesn't want us here."
"_le brave belge_ knows when to clear out," grinned one of the youngermen, giving dalroy an odiously suggestive wink.
somehow, the fact that dalroy took command abated the women's terror;even the intractable joos yielded.
soon the two were in the yard withthe dispossessed bavarians, these latter being in the worst of temper,as they had now to search for both bed and supper.
they strode awaywithout giving the least heed to their presumed prisoners.
joos, like most men of choleric disposition, was useless in a crisis ofthis sort.
he gibbered with rage.
he wanted to attack the intruders atonce with a pitchfork.
dalroy shook him to quieten his tongue.
"you must listen to me," he saidsternly.
the old man's eyes gleamed up into his.
in the half-light of thegloaming they had the sheen of polished gold.
"monsieur," he whimpered,"save my little girl!
save her, i implore you.
you english are lions inbattle.
you are big and strong.
between us we can stick thefour of them."
dalroy shook him again.
"stop talking, and listen," he growledwrathfully.
"not another word here!
come this way!"
he drew the millerinto an empty stable, whence the kitchen door and the window were inview.
"now," he muttered, "gather your wits, and answer my questions.
have you any hidden weapons?
a pitchfork is too awkward for a fight in aroom."
"i had nothing but a muzzle-loading gun, monsieur.
i gave it up on theadvice of the burgomaster.
they've killed him."
remain here on guard.
i'll go and fetch a rifle and bayonet.
nothing will happen to the women till these brutes have eaten, and havemore wine in them.
don't you understand?
the younger men have made ahellish compact with their senior.
you heard that, didn't you?"
"yes, yes, monsieur.
who could fail to know what they meant?
surely thegood god sent you to visé to-day!"
no interference till i return, even though the women arefrightened.
you'll only lose your life to no purpose.
i'll not be longaway."
but, monsieur, _pour l'amour de dieu_, let me stick that fatbusch!"
dalroy was in such a fume to secure a reliable arm that he ratherneglected the precautions of a soldier moving through the enemy'scountry.
it was still possible to see clearly for some distance ahead.
although the right bank of the meuse that night was overrun with thekaiser's troops along a front of nearly twenty miles, the ravine, withits gurgling rivulet, was one of those peaceful oases which will occurin the centre of the most congested battlefield.
now that the crash ofthe guns had passed sullenly to a distance, white-tailed rabbitsscurried across the path; some stray sheep, driven from the uplands bythe day's tumult, gathered in a group and looked inquiringly at theintruder; a weasel, stalking a selected rabbit as is his piratical way,elected to abandon the chase and leap for a tree.
these very signs showed that none other had breasted the slope recently,so dalroy strode out somewhat carelessly.
nevertheless, he was endowedwith no small measure of that sixth sense which every _shikari_ mustpossess who would hunt either his fellowmen or the beasts of the jungle.
he was passing a dense clump of brambles and briars when a man sprang athim.
he had trained himself to act promptly in such circumstances, andhad decided long ago that to remain on the same ground, or even try toretreat, was courting disaster.
his plan was to jump sideways, and, ifpracticable, a little nearer an assailant.
the sabots rendered him lessnimble than usual, but the dodge quite disconcerted an awkward opponent.
the vicious downward sweep of a heavy cudgel just missed his leftshoulder, and he got home with the right in a half-arm jab which sentthe recipient sprawling and nearly into the stream.
dalroy made after him, seized the fallen stick, and recognised--janmaertz!
"how now," he said wrathfully, "are you, too, a prussian?"
jan raised a hand to ward off the expected blow.
"_caput!_" he cried.
you must be the devil!
but may the lord help my poor masterand mistress, and the little léontine!"
"that is my wish also, sheep's-head!
what evil have i done you, then,that you should want to brain me at sight?"
"they're after you--the germans.
they mean to catch you, dead oralive.
a lieutenant of the guard pulled me away from in front of afiring-party, and gave me my life on condition that i ran you down."
here was an extraordinary development.
it was vitally important thatdalroy should get to know the exact meaning of the walloon's disjointedutterances, yet how could he wait and question the man while theprussian sultans were feasting in the mill?
dalroy stooped over maertz, who had risen to his knees, and caught himby the shoulder.
"jan maertz," he said, "do you hope to marry léontinejoos?
if so, heaven has just prevented you from committing a greatcrime.
she, and her mother, and the lady who came with me from aix, arein the mill with four german officers--a set of foul, drunken brutes whowill stop at no excess.
i'm going now to get a rifle.
you make quietlyfor the stable opposite the kitchen door.
you will find joos there.
tell me, are you for belgium or germany in this war?"
the walloon might be slow-witted, but dalroy's words seemed to havepierced his skin.
"for belgium, monsieur, to the death," he answered.
"so am i. i'm an englishman.
as you go, think what that means."
leaving maertz to regain his feet and the stick, dalroy rushed on up thehill.
the unexpected struggle had cost him but little delay; yet it wasdark, and the miller was nearly frantic with anxiety, when he returned.
"is maertz with you?"
was his first question.
"yes, monsieur," came a gruff voice out of the gloom of the stable.
"do you know now how nearly you blundered?"
"monsieur, i would have tackled st. peter to save léontine."
hissed joos, "let us kill these hogs!
we have no time to spare.
the others will be here soon."
"jan will tell you later.
leave busch to me!"
ordered dalroy sternly.
"we cannot murder four men in coldblood.
i'll listen over there by the window.
you two remain here till icall you."
but there was no need for eavesdropping.
léontine's voice was raisedshrilly above the loud-clanging talk and laughter of the uninvitedguests.
"no, no, my mother must stay!"
she was shrieking.
"monsieur, forgod's sake, leave my mother alone!
ah, you are hurting her.--father!
father!--oh, what shall we do?
is there no one to help us?"
as dalroy burst open the door, which was locked, the heartrendingscreams of the three women mingled with the vile oaths of theirassailants.
he had foreseen that the door would probably be fastened,and put his whole strength into the determination to force the boltwithout warning.
the scene which met his eyes as he rushed into the roomwas etched in rembrandt lights and shadows by a lamp placed in thecentre of the table.
near a staircase--not that which led to the lofts, but the main stairwayof the domestic part of the dwelling--madame joos was struggling inthe grip of the orderly and one of the lieutenants.
another ofthese heroes--they all belonged to a westphalian detachment of thecommissariat--was endeavouring to overpower irene.
his left arm pinnedher left arm to her waist; his right arm had probably missed a similarhold, because the girl's right arm was free.
she had seized his wrist,and was striving to ward off a brutal effort to prevent her fromshrieking.
busch, that stout satyr, was seated.
dalroy learntsubsequently that the sudden hubbub arose because irene resisted hisattempt to pull her on to his knee.
the last of the younger men wasclasping léontine to his breast with rascally intent to squeeze thebreath out of her until she was unable to struggle further.
now dalroy had to decide in the fifth part of a second whence dangerwould first come, and begin the attack there.
the four officers had laidaside their swords, but the lieutenants had retained belts andrevolvers.
busch, as might be expected, was only too pleased to get ridof his equipment.
his tunic was unbuttoned, so that he might gorge atease.
somehow, dalroy knew that irene would not free the hand which wasnow closing on her mouth.
the two walloons carried short forks with fourprongs--joos had taken to heart the englishman's comment on thedisadvantage of a pitchfork for close fighting--and jan maertz might betrusted to deal with the ruffian who was nearly strangling léontine.
there remained the gallant lieutenant whose sense of humour permittedthe belief that the best way to force onward a terrified elderly womanwas to plant a knee against the small of her back.
he had looked aroundat once when the door flew open, and his right hand was already on thebutt of an automatic pistol.
him, therefore, dalroy bayoneted soeffectually that a startled oath changed into a dreadful howl ere thewords left his lips.
the orderly happened to be nearer than the officer,so, as the bayonet did its work, dalroy kicked the lout's feet fromunder him, and thrust him through the body while on the floor.
a manwho had once won the dholepur cup, which is competed for by the mostfamous pig-stickers in india, knew how to put every ounce of weightbehind the keen point of a lance, because an enraged boar is thequickest and most courageous fighter among all the fierce creatures ofthe jungle.
but he was slightly too near his quarry; the bayonet reachedthe stone floor through the man's body, and snapped at the forte.
then he wheeled, and made for irene's assailant.
the instant dalroy appeared at the door the girl had caught theprussian's thumb in her strong teeth, and not only bit him to the bonebut held on.
with a loud bellow of "help!
he releasedher, and struck fiercely with his left hand.
yet this gentle girl, whohad never taken part in any more violent struggle than a school romp,had the presence of mind to throw herself backward, and thus discountthe blow, while upsetting her adversary's balance.
but her clenchedteeth did not let go.
it came out long afterwards that she was afirst-rate gymnast.
one day, moved by curiosity on seeing someperformance in a circus, she had essayed the stage trick of hanging headdownward from a cross-bar, and twirling around another girl's bodygirdled by a strap working on a swivel attached to a strong pad whichshe bit resolutely.
then she discovered a scientific fact which veryfew people are aware of.
the jaw is, perhaps, the strongest part of thehuman frame, and can exercise a power relatively far greater than thatof the hands.
of course, she could not have held out for long, but shedid thwart and delay the maddened prussian during two precious seconds.
even when he essayed to choke her she still contrived to save herself byseizing his free hand.
by that time dalroy had leaped to the rescue.
shortening the rifle inthe way familiar to all who have practised the bayonet exercise, hedrove it against the prussian's neck.
the jagged stump inflicted a woundwhich looked worse than it was; but the mere shock of the blow robbedthe man of his senses, and he fell like a log.
in order to come within striking distance, dalroy had to jump overbusch.
old joos, piping in a weird falsetto, had sprung at the fat majorand spitted him in the stomach with all four prongs of the fork.
buschtoppled over backward with a fearsome howl, the chair breaking under hisweight combined with a frantic effort to escape.
the miller went withhim, and dug the terrible weapon into his soft body as though driving itinto a truss of straw.
maertz, a lusty fellow, had made shorter work ofhis man, because one prong had reached the german's heart, and he wasstilled at once.
but joos thrust and thrust again, even using a foot tobury the fork to its shoulder.
this was the most ghastly part of a thrilling episode.
busch writhed onthe floor, screaming shrilly for mercy, and striving vainly to stay withhis hands the deadly implement from eating into his vitals.
that despairing effort gave the miller a ghoulish satisfaction.
he chortled, "you laughed at lafarge!
laugh now, you swine!
_that's_ forthe doctor, and _that's_ for my wife, and _that's_ for my daughter, and_that's_ for me!"
dalroy did not attempt to stop him.
these men must die.
they had come tothe mill to destroy; it was just retribution that they themselves shouldbe destroyed.
his coolness in this crisis was not the least importantfactor in a situation rife with peril.
his method of attack hadconverted a fight against heavy odds into a speedy and most effectualslaughter.
but that was only the beginning.
even while the frenziedyelling of the squirming busch was subsiding into a frothy gurgle hewent to the door and listened.
a battery of artillery was passing at atrot, and creating din enough to drown the cries of a hundred busches.
he looked back over his shoulder.
madame joos was on her knees, praying.
the poor woman had no thought but that her last hour had come.
happily,she was spared the sight of her husband's vengeance.
happily, too, noneof the women fainted.
léontine was panting and sobbing in maertz'sarms.
irene, leaning against the wall near the fireplace, was gazingnow at joos, now at the fallen man at her feet, now at dalroy.
buther very soul was on fire.
she, too, had yielded to the madness of alife-and-death struggle.
her eyes were dilated.
her bosom rose and fellwith laboured breathing.
her teeth were still clenched, her lips partedas though she dreaded to find some loathsome taste on them.
maertz seemed to have retained his senses, so dalroy appealed to him.
"jan," he said quietly, "we must go at once.
get your master and theothers outside.
then extinguish the lamp.
we haven't a secondto spare."
satisfied now that the fork had been effective, hestraightened his small body and said shrilly, "you go, if you like.
i'llnot leave my money to be burnt with my house.--now, wife, stir yourself.
where's that key?"
the familiar voice roused madame joos from a stupor of fear.
she fumbledin her bodice, and produced a key attached to a chain of fine silver.
her husband mounted nimbly on a chair, ran a finger along one of theheavy beams which roofed the kitchen, found a cunningly hidden keyhole,and unlocked a long, narrow receptacle which had been scooped out of thewood.
a more ingenious, accessible, yet unlikely hiding-place fortreasure could not readily be imagined.
he took out a considerable sumof money in notes, gold, and silver.
though a man of wealth, with asubstantial account in the state bank, he still retained the peasant'slove of a personal hoard.
stowing away the money in various pockets, joos got down off the chair.
busch was dying, but he was not unconscious.
he had even watched themiller's actions with a certain detached curiosity, and the old fellowseemed to become aware of the fact.
"so," he cackled, "you saw, didyou?
that should annoy you in your last hour, you fat thief.--yes, yes,monsieur, i'll come now.--léontine, stop blubbing, and tie up that pieceof beef and some bread in a napkin.
we fighting men must eat.--jan, putthe bottles of champagne and the pork-pie in a basket.--léontine, runand get your own and your mother's best shoes.
you can change them inthe wood."
put in maertz.
"we can't walk to maestricht by the main road, you fool."
"that's all right for you and madame here, and for léontine, perhaps.
but i remain in belgium.
my friends are fighting yonder at liège, andi'm going to join them.
and these others mustn't try it.
the frontier isclosed for them.
i was offered my life only two hours ago if i arrestedthem."
cried léontine indignantly.
why should i tell a lie?
i didn't understand then the sortof game the prussians are playing.
now that i know----""miss beresford," broke in dalroy emphatically, "if these good peoplewill not escape when they may we must leave them to their fate."
"do come, monsieur joos," said irene, speaking for the first time sincethe tragedy.
"by remaining here you risk your life to no purpose."
"we are coming now, ma'm'selle."
suddenly the miller's alert eye was caught by a spasmodic movement inthe limbs of the last man whom dalroy struck down.
"_tiens!_" he cried,"that fellow isn't finished with yet."
he was making for the prostrate form with that terrible fork when dalroyran swiftly, and collared him.
came the angry command.
"afair fight must not degenerate into murder.
out you get now, or i'llthrow you out!"
"you're making a mistake, monsieur," he said.
"theseprussians don't fight that way.
they'd kill you just for the fun of thething if you were tied hand and foot.
but let the rascal live if itpleases you.
as for this one," and he spurned busch's body with hisfoot, "he's done.
did you hear him?
he squealed like a pig."
dalroy was profoundly relieved when the automatic pistols and ammunitionwere collected, the lamp extinguished, the door closed, and the wholeparty had passed through a garden and orchard to the gloom of theravine.
the hour was about half-past eight o'clock.
twenty-four hoursearlier he and irene were about to leave cologne by train, believingwith some degree of confidence that they might be allowed to cross thefrontier without let or hindrance!
life was then conventional, with aspice of danger.
now it had descended in the social scale until theyranked on a par with the dog that had gone mad and must be slain atsight.
the german code of war is a legal paraphrase of the trickster'sformula, "heads i win, tails you lose."
the armies of the fatherlandare ordered to practise "frightfulness," and so terrorise the civilpopulation that the inhabitants of the stricken country will compeltheir rulers to sue for peace on any terms.
but woe to that same civilpopulation if some small section of its members resists or avenges anyact of "frightfulness."
soldiers might murder the widow jaquinot andravish her granddaughter, officers might plan a bestial orgy in themiller's house; but dalroy and joos and maertz, in punishing the one setof crimes and preventing another, had placed themselves outside the law.
neither joos nor maertz cared a farthing rushlight about the moralconsequences of that deadly struggle in the kitchen, but dalroy was indifferent case.
he knew the certain outcome.
small wonder if his heartwas heavy and his brow seamed.
his own fate was of slight concern,since he had ceased to regard life as worth more than an hour's purchaseat any time from the moment he leaped down into the station yard ataix-la-chapelle.
but it was hard luck that the accident of mereassociation should have bound up irene beresford's fortunes soirrevocably with his.
was there no way out of the maze in which theywere wandering?
what, for instance, had jan maertz meant by his crypticstatements?
"we must halt here," dalroy said authoritatively, stopping short in theshadow of a small clump of trees on the edge of the ravine, a placewhence there was a fair field of view, yet so close to dense brushwoodthat the best of cover was available instantly if needed.
"i know every inch of the way."
"i want to question maertz," said dalroy shortly.
"but don't let medelay you on that account.
indeed, i advise you to go ahead, andsafeguard madame joos and your daughter.
i would even persuade, ifi can, mademoiselle beresford to go with you."
"i don't mind listening to jan's yarn myself," grunted the miller.
"andisn't it time we had some supper?
killing prussians is hungry work.
didyou hear busch?
he squealed like a pig.--léontine, cut some chunks ofbeef and bread, and open one of these bottles of wine."
there was solid sense in the old man's crude rejoinder.
criminals aboutto suffer the death penalty often enjoy a good meal.
these six people,who had just escaped death, or--where the women were concerned--adegradation worse than death, and before whose feet the grave might yawnwide and deep at once and without warning, were nevertheless greatly inwant of food.
so they ate as they talked.
maertz's story was coherent enough when set forth in detail.
he wasdazed and shaken by the fall from the wagon; but, helped by the sentry,who bore witness that the collision was no fault of his, being theoutcome of obedience to the officer's order, he contrived to calm thestartled horses.
the officer even offered to find a few men later whowould help to pull the wagon out of the ditch, so jan was told to "standby" until the column had passed.
meaning no harm, he asked what hadbecome of his passengers.
this naturally evoked other questions, and asearch was made, with the result that the lamp and dalroy's discardedsabots were found.
the lamp, of course, was numbered, and carried theinitials of a german state railway; but this "exhibit" only bore outmaertz's statement that a man from aix had come in the wagon to explainto joos why the consignment of oats had been so long held up in thegoods yard.
in fact, a squad of soldiers had put the wagon right, and werereloading it, when the bodies of heinrich and his companion werediscovered in the stable.
suspicion fell at once on the missing pair.
maertz would have been shot out of hand if an infuriated officer had notrecollected that by killing the walloon he would probably destroy allchance of tracing the man who had "murdered" two of his warriors.
somaertz was arrested, and dumped into a cellar until such time as apatrol could take him to visé and investigate matters there.
meanwhile the unforeseen resistance offered to the invaders along theline of the meuse and neighbourhood of liège was throwing the germanmilitary machine out of gear.
in this initial stage of the campaign "thebest organised army in the world" was like a powerful locomotive enginefitted with every mechanical device for rapid advance, but devoid ofeither brakes or reversing gear.
as the 7th and 10th divisions recoiledfrom the forts of liège in something akin to disastrous defeat,congestion and confusion spread backward to the advanced base at aix.
hospital trains from the front compelled other trains laden withreserves and munitions to remain in sidings.
the roads became blocked.
brigades of infantry and cavalry, long lines of guns and wagons, werehalted during many hours.
frantic staff-officers in powerful cars werealternately urging columns to advance and demanding a clear passage tothe rear and the headquarters staff.
no regimental commandant daredthink and act for himself.
he was merely a cog in the machine, and themachine had broken down.
actually, the defenders of liège held up thekaiser's legions only a few days, but it is no figure of speech to saythat when general leman dropped stupefied by an explosion in fort loncinhe had established a double claim to immortality.
not only had heshattered the proud german legend of invincibility in the field, but hehad also struck a deadly blow at german strategy.
with liège and lemanout of the way, it would seem to the student of war that the invadersmust have reached paris early in september.
they made tremendous strideslater in the effort to maintain their "time-table," but they could neverovertake the days lost in the valley of the meuse.
what a tiny pawn was jan maertz in this game of giants!
how little couldhe realise that his very existence depended on the shock of opposingempires!
the communications officer at the cross-roads had not a moment to sparefor many an hour after jan's execution was deferred.
at last, aboutnightfall, when the 9th division got into motion again, he snatched aslight breathing-space.
remembering the prisoner, he detailed a corporaland four men to march him to visé and make the necessary inquiries atjoos's mill.
for maertz's benefit he gave the corporal precise instructions.
"if thisfellow's story is proved true, and you find the man and the woman hesays he brought from aachen, return here with the three of them, andfull investigation will be made.
if no such man and woman have arrivedat the mill, and the prisoner is shown to be a liar, shoot him out ofhand."
a young staff-officer, a lieutenant of the guards, stretching his legswhile his chauffeur was refilling the petrol-tank, overheard theloud-voiced order, and took a sudden and keen interest in theproceedings.
"one moment," he said imperatively, "what's this about a man and a womanbrought from aachen?
who brought them?
the other explained, laying stress, of course, on the fractured skullsof two of his best men.
cried the guardsman to maertz, "describe these two."
maertz did his best.
dalroy, to him, was literally a railway employé;but his recollection of irene's appearance was fairly exact.
moreover,he was quite reasonably irritated and alarmed by the trouble they hadcaused.
then the lamp and sabots were produced, and the questioner sworemightily.
"leave this matter entirely in my hands," he advised his confrère.
"itis most important that these people should be captured, and this is thevery fellow to do it.
i'll promise him his life, and the safety of hisfriends, and pay him well into the bargain, if he helps me to get holdof that precious pair.
you see, we shall have no difficulty in catchingand identifying him again if need be.
personally, i believe he istelling the absolute truth, and is no more responsible for the killingof your men than you are."
lieutenant karl von halwig's comparison erred only in its sheerinadequacy.
the communications officer's responsibility was great.
hehad failed to control his underlings.
he was blind and deaf to theirexcesses.
what matter how they treated the wretched belgians if the roadwas kept clear?
it was nothing to him that an old woman should bemurdered and a girl outraged so long as he kept his squad intact.
"so now you know all about it, monsieur," concluded maertz.
"when i metyou in the ravine i thought you were escaping, and let out at you.
godbe praised, you got the better of me!"
"was the staff officer's name von halwig?"
"name of a pipe, that's it, monsieur!
i heard him tell it to the otherpig, but couldn't recall it."
"and when were you to meet him?"
"he had to report to some general at argenteau, but reckoned to reachthe mill about nine o'clock."
"oh, father dear, let us all be going!"
"one more word, and i have finished," put in dalroy.
he turned again tomaertz.
"what did you mean by saying a little while ago that thefrontier is closed?"
"the lieutenant--von halwig, is it?--sent some uhlans to the major of aregiment guarding the line opposite holland.
he wrote a message, but iknow what was in it because he told the other officer.
'they're makingfor the frontier,' he said, 'and if they haven't slipped through alreadywe'll catch them now without fail.
they mustn't get away this time if wehave to arrest and examine every ---- belgian in this part of thecountry.'"
piped joos, who had listened intently to jan's recital, "whydidn't you tell us that sooner, animal?
what chance, then, have i andmadame and léontine of dodging the rascals?"
"_caput!_" cried maertz, scratching his head, "that settles it!
i neverthought of that!"
"they're searching the mill!"
so earnest and vital was the talk that none of the others had chanced tolook down the ravine.
they saw now that lights were moving in the upperrooms of the mill.
either von halwig had arrived before time, or somemessenger had tried to find the commissariat officers, and had raised analarm.
joos took charge straight away, like the masterful old fellow that hewas.
"this locality isn't good for our health," he said.
"the night isyoung yet, but we must leg it to a safer place before we begin planning.
leave nothing behind.
we may need all that food.--come, lise," and hegrabbed his wife's arm, "you and i will lead the way to the argenteauwood.
the devil himself can't track me once i get there.--trust me,monsieur, i'll pull you through.
that lout, jan maertz, is all muscleand no brain.
what léontine sees in him i can't guess."
for the time being, dalroy believed that the miller might prove aresourceful guide.
before deciding the course he personally would pursueit was absolutely essential that he should learn the lay of the land andweigh the probabilities of success or failure attached to suchalternatives as were suggested.
"we had better go with our friends," he said to irene.
"they know thecountry, and i must have time for consideration before striking out aline of my own."
"i think it would be fatal to separate," she agreed.
"when all is saidand done, what can they hope to accomplish without your help?"
joos's voice came to them in eager if subdued accents.
he was tellinghis wife how accounts were squared with busch.
"i stuck him with thefork," he chortled, "and he squealed like a pig!"
the miller was cunning as a fox.
he argued, subtly enough, that if a manjust arrived from argenteau was the first to discover the deadprussians, the neighbourhood of argenteau itself might be the last toundergo close search for the "criminals" who had dared punish thesedemi-gods.
following a cattle-path through a series of fields, heentered a country lane about a mile from visé.
it was a narrow,deep-rutted, winding way--a shallow trench cut into the soil by manygenerations of pack animals and heavy carts.
the long interregnumbetween the solid pavement of rome and the broken rubble of macadamcovered europe with a network of such roads.
an unchecked growth ofbriars, brambles, and every species of prolific weed made thisparticular track an ideal hiding-place.
gathering the party under the two irregular lines of pollard oaks whichmarked the otherwise hardly discernible hedgerows, joos explained that,at a point nearly half-a-mile distant, the lane joined the main roadwhich winds along the right bank of the meuse.
"that is our only real difficulty--the crossing of the road," he said.
"it is sure to be full of germans; but if we watch our chance we shouldcontrive to scurry from one side to the other without being seen."
such confidence was unquestionably cheering.
even dalroy, though he puta somewhat sceptical question, did not really doubt that the old man wasadopting what might, in the circumstances, prove the best plan.
"what happens when we do reach the other side, monsieur joos?"
"then we enter a disused quarry in the depths of a wood.
the meusenearly surrounds the wood, and there is barely room for a tow-pathbetween the river's edge and a steep cliff.
the quarry forms thelandward face, as one may say, and among the trees is a woodman's hut.
ishall be surprised if we find any germans there."
"from your description it seems to be a suitable post for a strongpicket watching the river."
the slope falls away from the river, while the oppositebank is flat and open.
i have been a soldier in my time, and iunderstand these things.
it would be all right for observation purposesif these pigs hadn't seized the bridge-heads at visé and argenteau; buti saw their cursed uhlans on the left bank many hours ago."
"lead on, friend," said dalroy simply.
"when we come within a hundredmètres of the main road let me do the scouting.
i'll tell you when andhow to advance."
"is monsieur a soldier then?"
"an officer perhaps?"
"ah, a thousand pardons if i presumed to lecture you.
yet i am certainlyin the right about the wood."
"i have never doubted you, monsieur joos.
do you know what time the moonrises?"
eleven o'clock at the earliest."
"all the better, if you are sure of the way."
"i could find it blindfolded.
so could léontine.
she goes there to pickbilberries."
the homely phrase was unconsciously dramatic.
from the highroad came theraucous singing of german soldiers, the falsetto of drunkards with anear for music.
in the distance heavy artillery was growling, and highexplosive shells were bursting with a violence that seemed to rend thesky.
over an area of many miles to the west the sharp tapping ofmusketry and the staccato splutter of machine guns told of hundreds ofthousands of men engaged in a fierce struggle for supremacy.
on everyhand the horizon was red with the glare of burning houses.
the thoughtof a village girl picking bilberries in a land so scarred by war andrapine produced an effect at once striking and fantastic.
it was asthough a ray of pure white light had pierced the lurid depths of avolcano.
dalroy advised the women to take off their linen aprons, and madame joosto remove as well a coif of the same material.
he unfastened and threwaway the stump of the bayonet.
then they moved on in indian file, themiller leading.
a definite quality of blackness loomed above the low-lying shroud ofmist which at night in still weather always marks the course of a greatriver.
"we are near the road now."
dalroy went forward to spy out the conditions.
a column of infantry waspassing.
these fellows were silent, and therefore sinister.
they marchedlike tired men, and their shuffling feet raised a cloud of dust.
an officer lighted a cigarette.
"those guzzling prussians would emptythe meuse if it ran with wine," he growled, evidently in response to aremark from a companion.
"our brigadier was very angry about the broken bottles in the streets ofargenteau," said the other.
"two tires were ruined before the chauffeurrealised that the place was littered with glass."
these were saxons, cleaner-minded, manlier fellows than the prussians.
behind them dalroy heard the rumble of commissariat wagons.
he failedutterly to understand the why and wherefore of the direction the troopswere taking.
according to his reckoning, they should have been going theopposite way.
but that was no concern of his at the moment.
he knew thesaxon by repute, and hurried back to the two men and three womencrouching under a hedge, having already noted a little mound on the leftof the cross-roads where cover was available.
he explained what theywere to do--steal forward, one by one, hide behind the mound, and dartacross when a longer space than usual separated one wagon from another,as the mounted escort would probably be grouped in front and in rear ofthe convoy.
"ah, that is the cavalry," said joos.
"it stands on a rock by theroadside."
"it is hard to distinguish anything owing to mist and dust," saiddalroy.
"of course, the darkness is all to the good.--if you ladies donot scream, whatever happens, and you run quickly when i give the word,i don't think there will be any real danger."
in the event, they were able to cross the road in a body, and withoutneedless haste.
a horse stumbled and fell, and had to be unharnessedbefore being got on to its feet again.
the incident held up the columnduring some minutes, so dalroy was not compelled to abandon the rifle,which it would have been foolish in the extreme to carry if there wasthe slightest chance of being seen.
thenceforth progress was safe, though slow and difficult, because thegloom beneath the trees was that of a vault.
even the miller perforceyielded place to léontine's young eyes and sureness of foot.
there weretimes, during the ascent of one side of the quarry, when whispereddirections were necessary, while madame joos had to be hauled up a fewawkward places bodily.
still, they reached the hut, a mere logger's shed, but a veritable havenfor people so manifestly in peril.
they were weary, too.
no member ofthe joos household had slept throughout the whole of tuesday night, andthe women especially were flagging under the strain.
the little cabin held an abundant store of shavings, because its normaltenant rough-hewed his logs into sabots.
here, then, was a soft, warm,and fragrant resting-place.
dalroy took command.
he forbade talking,even in whispers.
maertz, who promised to keep awake, was put on guardoutside till the moon rose.
the wisdom of preventing excited conversation was shown by the fact thatthe five people huddled together on the shavings were soon asleep.
therewas nothing strange in this.
humanity, when surfeited with emotion,becomes calm, almost phlegmatic.
were it otherwise, after a week of warsoldiers would not be sane men, but maniacs.
dalroy resolved to sleep for two hours.
about eleven o'clock he got up,went quietly to the door, and found maertz seated on the ground, hisback propped against the wall, and his head sunk on his breast.
as aconsequence, he was snoring melodiously.
he woke quickly enough when the englishman's hand was clapped over hismouth and held there until his torpid wits were sufficiently clear thathe should understand the stern words muttered in his ear.
"pardon, monsieur," he said shamefacedly.
"i thought there was no harmin sitting down.
i listened to the guns, and began counting them.
icounted one hundred and ninety-nine shots, i think, and then----""and then you risked six lives, léontine's among them!"
"monsieur, i have no excuse."
"yet you have been a soldier, i suppose?
and you gabble of serving yourcountry?"
"it will not happen again, monsieur."
dalroy pretended an anger he did not really feel.
he wanted this stolidwalloon to remain awake now, at any rate, so turned away with anejaculation of contempt.
he endured an eloquent silence for nearly a minute.
then hemurmured, "monsieur, i shall not offend a second time.
counting guns isworse than watching sheep jumping a fence."
the moon had risen, revealing a cleared space in front of the hut.
adozen yards away a thin fringe of brushwood and small trees marked theedge of the quarry, while the woodcutter's path was discernible on theleft.
a slight breeze had called into being the myriad tongues of thewood, and dalroy realised that the unceasing cannonade, joined to therustling of the leaves, would drown any sound of an approaching enemyuntil it was too late to retreat.
he knew that von halwig, not tomention the military authorities at visé, would spare no effort to huntout and destroy the man who had dared to flout the might of germany, sohe was far from satisfied with the apparent safety of even this secludedrefuge.
"have you a piece of string in your pockets?"
he demanded gruffly.
trust a carter to carry string, strong stuff warranted to mendtemporarily a broken strap.
maertz gave him a quantity.
"i am going to the cross-road," he continued.
"keep a close watch till ireturn.
when you hear any movement, or see any one, say clearly 'visé.'
if it is i, i shall answer 'liège.'
do you understand?"
a challenge and a countersign."
dalroy believed the man might be trusted now.
taking the rifle, he madeoff along the path, treading as softly as the cumbrous sabots wouldpermit.
he was tempted to go bare-footed, but dreaded the lameness whichmight result from a thorn or a sharp rock.
at a suitable place,half-way down the steep path by the side of the quarry, he tied a pistolto a stout sapling, and, having fastened a cord to the trigger, arrangedit in such fashion that it must catch the feet of any one coming thatway.
the weapon was at full cock, and in all likelihood the unwarypasser-by would get a bullet in his body.
it was dark under the trees, of course, but the moon was momentarilyincreasing its light, and the way was not hard to find.
he memorisedeach awkward turn and twist in case he had to retreat in a hurry.
oncethe lower level was reached there was no difficulty, and, with dueprecautions, he gained the shelter of a hedge close to the main road.
the stream of troops still continued.
few things could be more ominousthan this unending torrent of armed men.
by how many similar roads, hewondered, was germany pouring her legions into tiny belgium?
was sheforcing the french frontier in the same remorseless way?
and what ofrussia?
when he left berlin the talk was only of marching against thetwo great allies.
if germany could spare such a host of horse, foot, andartillery for the overrunning of belgium, while moving the enormousforces needed on both flanks, what millions of men she must have placedunder arms long before the mobilisation order was announced publicly!
and what was england doing and saying?
the home of liberty anda free press, where demagogues spouted platitudes about the "curse ofmilitarism," and encouraged that very monster by leaving the richestcountry in the world open to just such a sudden and merciless attack asbelgium was undergoing before his eyes!
lying there among the undergrowth, listening to the tramp of anarmy corps, and watching the flicker of countless rifle-barrels inthe moonlight, he forgot his own plight, and thought only of theunpreparedness of britain.
he was a soldier by training and inclination.
he harboured no delusions.
man for man, the alert, intelligent, andchivalrous british army was far superior to the cannon-fodder of thegerman machine.
but of what avail was the hundred thousand britain couldput in the field in the west of europe against the four millions ofgermany?
here was no combat of a david and a goliath, but of one managainst forty.
naturally, france and russia came into the picture, yethe feared that france would break at the outset of the campaign, whileaustria might hold russia in check long enough to enable germany to workher murderous design.
be it remembered, he could not possibly estimatethe fine and fierce valour of the resistance offered by belgium.
itseemed to him that the teuton hordes must already be hacking their wayto the coast, leaving sufficient men and guns to contain the belgianfortresses, and halting only when the white cliffs of england werevisible across the channel.
if his anxious thoughts wandered, however, and a gnawing doubt ate intohis soul lest the british fleet might, as the germans in visé claimed,have been taken at a disadvantage, he did not allow his eyes and ears toneglect the duties of the hour.
a fall in the temperature had condensed the river mist, and the air nearthe ground was much clearer now than at eight o'clock.
the breeze, too,gathered the dust into wraiths and scurrying wisps through whichglimpses of the sloping uplands toward aix were obtainable.
during oneof these unhampered moments he caught sight of something so weird anduncanny that he was positively startled.
a sorrow-laden, waxen-hued face seemed to peer at him for an instant,and then vanish.
but there could be no face so high in the air,twenty feet or more above the heads of a prussian regiment bawling"_deutschland, deutschland, über alles_."
the land was level xxxxthereabouts.
the apparition, consequently, must be a mere trick of theimagination.
yet he saw, or fancied he saw, that same spectral facetwice again at intervals of a few seconds, and was vexed with himselffor allowing his bemused senses to yield to some supernatural influence.
then the vision came a fourth time, and a thrill ran through every fibrein his body.
because there could be no mistake now.
the face, so mournful, sobenign, so pitying, bore on the forehead a crown of thorns!
even whilethe blood coursed in dalroy's veins with the awe of it, he knew that hewas looking at the figure of christ on the cross.
this, then, was thecalvary spoken of by joos, and invisible in the earlier murk.
the beamsof the risen moon etched the painted carving in most realistic lightsand shadows.
the pallid skin glistened as though in agony.
the big,piercing eyes gazed down at the passing soldiers as the man of sorrowsmight have looked at the heedless legionaries of rome.
the travelled briton, to whom the wayside calvary is a familiar objectin many a continental landscape, can seldom pass the twisted, torturedfigure on the cross without a feeling of awe, tempered by insularnon-comprehension of the religious motive which thrusts into prominencethe most solemn emblem of christianity in unexpected and oftenincongruous places.
seen as dalroy saw it, a hunted fugitive crouchingin a ditch, while the huns who would again destroy europe were lurchingpast in thousands within a few feet of where he lay, the image of christcrucified had a new and overwhelming significance.
it induced a vagueuneasiness of spirit, almost a doubt.
that very day he had killed fourmen and gravely wounded a fifth, and there was no shred of compunctionin his soul.
yet, in body and mind, he was worthy of his class, and thisgray old world has failed to evolve any finer human type than thatwhich is summed up in the phrase, an officer and a gentleman.
for thefoulest of crimes, either committed or contemplated, he had been forcedto use both the scales and the sword of justice; but there was somethingwholly disturbing and abhorrent in the knowledge that two thousand yearsafter the great atonement men professedly christian should so wantonlydisregard every principle that christ taught and practised and died for.
he reflected bitterly that the german soldier, whether officer orprivate, is enjoined to keep a diary.
what sort of record would"heinrich," or busch, or the three westphalian lieutenants have left ofthat day's doings if they had lived and told the truth?
the answer to these vexed questionings came with the swift clarity of alightning flash.
another rift in the dust-clouds revealed the upper partof the cross, and the moonbeams shone on a gilded scroll.
dalroy knewhis bible.
"and a superscription also was written over him in letters ofgreek, and latin, and hebrew: 'this is the king of the jews.'
and one ofthe malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, 'if thou bechrist, save thyself and us.'"
from that instant one god-fearing briton, at least, never again allowedthe shadow of a doubt to darken his faith in the divine if inscrutablepurpose.
he had passed already through dark and deadly hours, whileothers were then near at hand; but he was steadfast in doing what heconceived his duty without seeking to interpret the ways of providence.
"if thou be christ?"
it was the last taunt of the unbeliever, though theveil of the temple would be rent in twain, and the earth would quake,and the graves be opened, and the bodies of the saints arise and be seenby many!
a harsh command silenced the singing.
an officer had reined in hishorse, and was demanding the nature of the errand which brought a squadof men from visé.
"sergeant karl schwartz, _herr hauptmann_," reported the leader of theparty.
"an englishman, assisted by a miller named joos and his man,maertz, has killed three of our officers.
he also wounded herr leutnantvon huntzel, of the 7th westphalian regiment, who has recoveredsufficiently to say what happened.
the general-major has ordered astrict search.
i, being acquainted with the district, am bringing thesemen to a wood where the rascals may be hiding."
"killed three, you say?
the fiend take all such _schwein-hunds_ andtheir helpers!
good luck to you.--_vorwärts!_"the column moved on.
schwartz, the treacherous barber of visé, led hismen into the lane.
there were eleven, all told--hopeless odds--becausethis gang of hunters was ready for a fight and itching to capture a_verdammt engländer_.
and joos's "safe retreat" had been guessed by thespy who knew what every inhabitant of visé did, who had watched andnoted even such a harmless occupation as léontine's bilberry-picking,who was acquainted with each footpath for miles around, from whosecrafty eyes not a cow-byre on any remote farm in the whole countrysidewas concealed.
this misfortune marked the end, dalroy thought.
but there was a chanceof escape, if only for the few remaining hours of the night, and he tookit with the same high courage he displayed in going back to the rescueof irene beresford in the railway station at aix.
he had a rifle withfive rounds in the magazine and one in the chamber.
at the worst, hemight be able to add another couple of casualties to the formidabletotal already piled up during the german advance on liège.
the sabots offered a serious handicap to rapid and silent movement, buthe dared not dispense with them, and made shift to follow schwartz andthe others as quietly as might be.
he was helped, of course, by the dinof the guns and the rustling of the leaves; but there was an open spacein the narrow road before it merged in the wood which he could not crossuntil the germans were among the trees, and precisely in that localityschwartz halted his men to explain his project.
try as he might, dalroy,crouched behind a pollard oak, could not overhear the spy's words.
buthe smiled when the party went on in indian file, schwartz leading,because the enemy was acting just as he hoped the enemy would act.
he did not press close on their heels now, but remained deliberately atthe foot of the hill and on the edge of the quarry.
standing erect, withthe rifle at the ready, he waited.
he could hear nothing, but judgedtime and distance by counting fifty slow steps.
he was right to a fifthof a second.
a shot rang out, and was followed instantly by a yell ofagony.
he saw the flash, and, taking aim somewhat below it, fired sixrounds rapidly.
a fusillade broke out in the wood, the germans, likehimself, firing at the one flash above and the six beneath.
a bullet cutthrough his blouse on the left shoulder and scorched his skin; but whenthe magazine was empty he ran straight on for a few yards, turned to theright, stepping with great caution, and threw himself flat behind arock.
as he ran, he had refilled the magazine, but now meant using therifle as a last resource only.
in effect, matters had fallen out exactly as he calculated.
schwartz hadblundered into the man-trap set on the path half-way up the cliff, andwas shot.
the others, lacking a leader, and stupefied by the firing andthe darkness, bolted like so many rabbits to the open road and themoonlight as soon as the seeming attack from the rear ceased.
uncommon grit was needed to press on through a strange wood at night,up a difficult path bordering a precipice when each tree might vomit theflame of a gunshot.
and these fellows were not cast in heroic mould.
their one thought was to get back the way they came.
they were receivedwarmly, too.
the passing regiment, hearing the hubbub and seeing theflashes, very reasonably supposed they were being taken in flank by abelgian force, and blazed away merrily at the first moving objects insight in that direction.
dalroy does not know to this day exactly how the battle ended in rear,nor did he care then.
he had routed the enemy in his own neighbourhood,and that must suffice.
regaining the path, he sped upward, pausing onlyto retrieve the pistol which had proved so efficient a sentinel.
judgingby the groans and the stertorous breathing which came from among theundergrowth close to the path, karl schwartz's services as a spy andguide were lost to the great cause of _kultur_.
dalroy did not botherabout the wretch.
he pressed on, and reached the plateau above thequarry.
the clearing was now flooded with moonlight, and the doorway ofthe hut was plainly visible.
jan maertz was not at his post, but thiswas not surprising, as he would surely have joined old joos and theterrified women at the first sounds of the firing.
said dalroy, speaking loudly enough for any one in the hut tohear.
there was no answer.
he cried again, with a certainforeboding that things had gone awry, and dreading lest the preciousrespite he had secured might be wasted irretrievably.
but the hut was empty, and he realised that he might grope like a blindman for hours in the depths of the wood.
the one-sided battle which hadbroken out in the front of the calvary had died down.
he guessed whathad happened, the blunder, the frenzied explanations, and their sequelin a quick decision to detach a company and surround the wood.
in his exasperation he forgot the silent figure surveying the scene atthe cross-roads, and swore like a very natural man, for he was nowutterly at a loss what to do or where to go.
never before in the course of a somewhat varied life had dalroy felt soirresolute, so helplessly the victim of circumstances.
bereft of thelocal knowledge possessed by joos and the other belgians, any scheme headopted must depend wholly on blind chance.
the miller had described thewood as occupying a promontory in a bend of the meuse, with steep cliffsforming the southern bank of the river.
there was a tow-path; possibly,a series of narrow ravines or clefts gave precarious access from theplateau to this lower level.
probably, too, in the first shock offright, the people in the hut had made for one of these cuttings, takingirene with them.
they believed, no doubt, that the englishman had beenshot or captured, and after that spurt of musketry so alarmingly near athand the lower part of the wood would seem alive with enemies.
dalroy blamed himself, not the others, for this fatal bungling.
beforesnatching a much-needed rest he ought to have arranged with joos apracticable line of retreat in the event of a night alarm.
of course hehad imposed silence on all as a sort of compulsory relief from thetension of the earlier hours, but he saw now that he was only too readyto share the miller's confidence.
not without reason had poor dr.lafarge warned his fellow-countrymen that "there were far too manygermans in belgium."
schwartz and his like were to be found in everywalk of life, from the merchant princes who controlled the trade ofantwerp to the youngest brush-haired waiter in the café de la régence atbrussels.
dalroy was aware of a grim appropriateness in the fate of schwartz.
thegerman automatic pistols carried soft-nosed bullets, so the arch-traitorwho murdered the visé doctor had himself suffered from one of the manyinfernal devices brought by _kultur_ to the battlefields of flanders.
but the punishment of schwartz could not undo the mischief the wretchhad caused.
the men he led knew the nature and purpose of their errand.
they would report to the first officer met on the main road, who mightbe expected to detail instantly a sufficient force for the task ofclearing the wood.
in fact, the operation had become a militarynecessity.
there was no telling to what extent the locality was held bybelgian troops, as, of course, the runaway warriors would magnify thefiring a hundredfold, and no soldier worth his salt would permit theuninterrupted march of an army corps along a road flanked by such adanger-point.
in effect, dalroy conceived a hundred reasons why he mightanticipate a sudden and violent end, but not one offering a fairprospect of escape.
at any rate, he refused to be guilty of the folly ofplunging into an unknown jungle of brambles, rocks, and trees, andelected to go back by the path to the foot of the quarry, whence hemight, with plenty of luck, break through on a flank before the germansspread their net too wide.
he had actually crossed some part of the clearing in front of the hutwhen his gorge rose at the thought that, win or lose in this game oflife and death, he might never again see irene beresford.
the notion wasintolerable.
he halted, and turned toward the black wall of the wood.
mad though it was to risk revealing his whereabouts, since he had nomeans of knowing how close the nearest pursuers might be, he shoutedloudly, "miss beresford!"
and a sweet voice replied, "oh, mr. dalroy, they told me you were dead,but i refused to believe them!"
dalroy had staked everything on that last despairing call, littledreaming that it would be answered.
it was as though an angel had spokenfrom out of the black portals of death.
he was so taken aback, hisspirit was so shaken, that for a few seconds he was tongue-tied, andirene appeared in the moonlit space before he stirred an inch.
she camefrom an unexpected quarter, from the west, or argenteau, side.
"the others said i was a lunatic to return," she explained simply; "but,when i came to my full senses after being aroused from a sound sleep,and told to fly at once because the germans were on us, i realised thatyou might have outwitted them again, and would be looking for us invain.
so, here i am!"
he ran to her.
now that they were together again he was swift indecision and resolute as ever.
"irene," he said, "you're a dear.
whereare our friends?
is there a path?
can you guide me?"
"take my hand," she replied.
"we turn by a big tree in the corner.
ithink jan maertz followed me a little way when he saw i was determinedto go back."
"i suppose i had unconscious faith in you, irene," he whispered, "andthat is why i cried your name.
but no more talking now.
rapid, silentmovement alone can save us."
they had not gone twenty yards beneath the trees when some one hissed,"visé!"
"liège, you lump!"
"monsieur, i----""shut up!
hold mademoiselle's hand, and lead on."
he did not ask whither they were going.
the path led diagonally to theleft, and that was what he wanted--a way to a flank.
maertz, however, soon faltered and stopped in his tracks.
"the devil take all woods at night-time!"
"give me thehighroad and a wagon-team, and i'll face anything."
"are you lost?"
"i suppose so, monsieur.
but they can't be far.
i told joos----""jan, is that you?"
cried léontine's voice.
"_ah, dieu merci!_ these infernal trees----""silence now!"
growled dalroy imperatively.
"go ahead as quickly aspossible."
the semblance of a path existed; even so, they stumbled over gnarledroots, collided with tree-trunks which stood directly in the way, andhad to fend many a low branch off their faces.
they created an appallingnoise; but were favoured by the fact that the footpath led to the west,whereas the pursuers must climb the cliff on the east.
léontine, however, led them with the quiet certainty of a country-borngirl moving in a familiar environment.
she could guess to a yard justwhere the track was diverted by some huge-limbed elm or far-spreadingchestnut, and invariably picked up the right line again, for theexcellent reason, no doubt, that the dense undergrowth stood breast highelsewhere at that season of the year.
after a walk that seemed much longer than it really was--the radius ofthe wood from the hut being never more than two hundred yards in anydirection--the others heard her say anxiously, "are you there, father?"
"where the deuce do you think i'd be?"
came the irritated demand.
"doyou imagine that your mother and i are skipping down these rocks like acouple of weasels?"
"it is quite safe," said the girl.
"i and marie lafarge went down onlylast thursday.
jules always goes that way to argenteau.
he has cut stepsin the bad places.
jan and i will lead.
we can help mother and you."
dalroy, still holding irene's arm, pressed forward.
"are we near the tow-path?"
"oh, is that you, _monsieur l'anglais_?"
chuckled the miller.
"name of apipe, i was positive those _sales alboches_ had got you twenty minutessince.
yes, if you trip in the next few yards you'll find yourself onthe tow-path after falling sixty feet."
"go on, léontine!"
"what you and your friend did foramusement we can surely do to save our lives.
but there should bemoonlight on this side.
have any clouds come up?"
"these are firs in front, monsieur.
once clear of them, we can see."
don't lose another second.
only, before beginning thedescent, make certain that the river bank holds no germans."
joos grumbled, but his wife silenced him.
that good lady, it appeared,had given up hope when the struggle broke out in the kitchen.
she hadbeen snatched from the jaws of death by a seeming miracle, and regardeddalroy as a very paladin.
she attributed her rescue entirely to him, andwas almost inclined to be sceptical of joos's sensational story aboutthe killing of busch.
"there never was such a man for arguing," shesaid sharply.
"i do believe you'd contradict an archbishop.
do as thegentleman bids you.
he knows best."
now, seeing that madame herself, after one look, had refused point-blankto tackle the supposed path, and had even insisted on retreating to thecover of the wood, joos was entitled to protest.
being a choleric littleman, he would assuredly have done so fully and freely had not a redlight illumined the tree-tops, while the crackle of a fire wasdistinctly audible.
the germans had reached the top of the quarry, and,in order to dissipate the impenetrable gloom, had converted the hut intoa beacon.
"_miséricorde!_" he muttered.
"they are burning our provisions, and mayset the forest ablaze!"
and that is what actually happened.
the vegetation was dry, as no rainhad fallen for many a day.
the shavings and store of logs in the hutburned like tinder, promptly creating a raging furnace wholly beyond thecontrol of the unthinking dolts who started it.
the breeze which hadsprung up earlier became a roaring tornado among the trees, and someacres of woodland were soon in flames.
the light of that fire was seenover an area of hundreds of miles.
spectators in holland wronglyattributed it to the burning of visé, which was, however, only anintelligent anticipation of events, because the delightful old town wascompletely destroyed a week later in revenge for the defeats inflictedon the invaders at tirlemont and st. trond during the first advance onantwerp.
once embarked on a somewhat perilous descent, the fugitives gave eyes orthought to naught else.
jules, the pioneer quoted by léontine, who wasthe owner of the hut and maker of sabots, had rough-hewed a sort ofstairway out of a narrow cleft in the rock face.
to young people, steadyin nerve and sure of foot, the passage was dangerous enough, but to joosand his wife it offered real hazard.
however, they were allowed no timefor hesitancy.
with léontine in front, guiding her father, and maertznext, telling madame joos where to put her feet, while dalroy graspedher broad shoulders and gave an occasional eye to irene, they allreached the level tow-path without the least accident.
irene, by theway, carried the rifle, so that dalroy should have both hands atliberty.
without a moment's delay he took the weapon and readjusted the magazine,which he had removed for the climb.
bidding the others follow at such adistance that they would not lose sight of him, yet be able to retire ifhe found the way disputed by soldiers, he set off in the direction ofargenteau.
in his opinion the next ten minutes would decide whether or not they hadeven a remote chance of winning through to a place of comparativesafety.
he had made up his own mind what to do if he met any germans.
he would advise the joos family and maertz to hide in the cleft they hadjust descended, while he would take to the meuse with irene--provided,that is, she agreed to dare the long swim by night.
happily there was noneed to adopt this counsel of despair.
the fire, instead of assistingthe flanking party on the western side, only delayed them.
sheercuriosity as to what was happening in the wood drew all eyes thererather than to the river bank, so the three men and three women passedalong the tow-path unseen and unchallenged.
after a half-mile of rapid progress dalroy judged that they were safefor the time, and allowed madame joos to take a much-needed rest.
thoughbreathless and nearly spent, she, like the others, found an irresistiblefascination in the scene lighted by the burning trees.
the wholecountryside was resplendent in crimson and silver, because the landscapewas now steeped in moonshine, and the deep glow of the fire was mostperceptible in the patches where ordinarily there would be blackshadows.
the meuse resembled a river of blood, the movement of itssluggish current suggesting the onward roll of some fluid denser thanwater.
old joos, whose tongue was seldom at rest, used that very simile.
"those cursed prussians have made belgium a shambles," he addedbitterly.
"look at our river.
it isn't our dear, muddy meuse.
it's astream in the infernal regions."
"yes," gasped his wife.
"and listen to those guns, henri!
they beat asort of _roulade_, like drums in hell!"
this stout walloon matron had never heard of milton.
her ears were nottuned to the music of parnassus.
she would have gazed in mild wonder atone who told of "noises loud and ruinous,"                   when bellona storms     with all her battering engines, bent to raze     some capital city.
but in her distress of body and soul she had coined a phrase which two,at least, of her hearers would never forget.
the siege of liège did,indeed, roar and rumble with the din of a demoniac orchestra.
itsclamour mounted to the firmament.
it was as though the nether fiends,following moloch's advice, were striving,     arm'd with hell flames and fury, all at once,     o'er heaven's high towers to force resistless way.
dalroy himself yielded to the spell of the moment.
here was red war suchas the soldier dreams of.
his warrior spirit did not quail.
he longedonly for the hour, if ever the privilege was vouchsafed, when he wouldstand shoulder to shoulder with the men of his own race, and watch withunflinching eye those same dread tokens of a far-flung battle line.
irene beresford seemed to read his passing mood.
"war has some elementsof greatness," she said quietly.
"the pity is that while it ennobles afew it degrades the multitude."
with a woman's intuition, she had gone straight to the heart of theproblem propounded by teutonism to an amazed world.
the "degradation" ofa whole people was already germany's greatest and unforgivable offence.
few, even the most cynical, among the students of european politicscould have believed that the kaiser's troops would sully their country'srepute by the inhuman excesses committed during those first days inbelgium.
at the best, "war is hell"; but the great american leader whosummed up its attributes in that pithy phrase thought only of themangled men, the ruined homesteads, the bereaved families which mark itsdevastating trail.
he had seen nothing of german "frightfulness."
themen he led would have scorned to ravage peaceful villages, impale babieson bayonets and lances, set fire to houses containing old and bedriddenpeople, murder hostages, rape every woman in a community, torturewounded enemies, and shoot harmless citizens in drunken sport.
yet thegerman armies did all these things before they were a fortnight in thefield.
they are not impeached on isolated counts, attributable, perhaps,to the criminal instincts of a small minority.
they carried out bestialorgies in battalions and brigades acting under word of command.
thejolly, good-humoured fellows who used to tramp in droves through theswiss passes every summer, each man with a rucksack on his back, andbeguiling the road in lusty song, seemed to cast aside all theircheerful camaraderie, all their exuberant kindliness of nature, whengarbed in the "field gray" livery of the state, and let loose among thepleasant vales and well-tilled fields of flanders.
that will ever remaingermany's gravest sin.
when "the thunder of the captains and theshouting" is stilled, when time has healed the wounds of victor andvanquished, the memories of visé, of louvain, of aershot, of nearlyevery town and hamlet in belgium and northern france once occupied bythe savages from beyond the rhine, will remain imperishable in theirhorror.
german _kultur_ was a highly polished veneer.
exposed to the hotblast of war it peeled and shrivelled, leaving bare a diseased,worm-eaten structure, in which the honest fibre of humanity had beenrotted by vile influences, both social and political.
women seldom err when they sum up the characteristics of the men of arace, and the women of every other civilised nation were united in theirdislike of german men long before the first week in august, 1914. ireneberesford had yet to peer into the foulest depths of teutonic"degradation"; but she had sensed it as a latent menace, and found inits stark records only the fulfilment of her vague fears.
dalroy read into her words much that she had left unsaid.
"at best it'sa terrible necessity," he replied; "at worst it's what we have seen andheard of during the past twenty-four hours.
i shall never understand whya people which prided itself on being above all else intellectual shouldimagine that atrocity is a means toward conquest.
such a theory is sountrue historically that germany might have learnt its folly."
joos grew uneasy when his english friends spoke in their own language.
the suspicious temperament of the peasant is always doubtful of thingsoutside its comprehension.
he would have been astounded if told theywere discussing the ethics of warfare.
"well, have you two settled where we're to go?"
he demanded gruffly.
"inmy opinion, the meuse is the best place for the lot of us."
"in with you, then," agreed dalroy, "but hand over your money to madamebefore you take the dip.
léontine and jan may need it later to start themill running."
the joke appealed strongly.
madame joos turned on her husband.
"how you do chatter, henri!"
"we all owe our lives to this gentleman, yet you aren't satisfied.
the meuse indeed!
what will you be saying next?"
"how far is argenteau?"
put in dalroy.
"that's it, where the house is on fire," said the miller, pointing.
"about a kilomètre, i take it?"
"something like that."
"have you friends there?"
"ay, scores, if they're alive."
"i hear no shooting in that direction.
moreover, an army corps ispassing through.
let us go there.
something may turn up.
we shall besafer among thousands of germans than here."
they walked on.
the englishman's air of decision was a tonic in itself.
the fire on the promontory was now at its height, but a curve in theriver hid the fugitives from possible observation.
dalroy was confidentas to two favourable factors--the men of the marching column would notsearch far along the way they had come, and their commander would recallthem when the wood yielded no trace of its supposed occupants.
there had been fighting along the right bank of the meuse during theprevious day.
german helmets, red and yellow belgian caps, portions ofaccoutrements and broken weapons, littered the tow-path.
but no bodieswere in evidence.
the river had claimed the dead and the woundedbelgians; the enemy's wounded had been transferred to aix-la-chapelle.
nearing argenteau they heard a feeble cry.
they stopped, and listened.
again it came, clearly this time: "elsa!
it was a man's voice, and the name was that of a german woman.
maertzsearched in a thicket, and found a young german officer lying there.
hewas delirious, calling for the help of one powerless to aid.
he seemed to become aware of the presence of some human being.
perhapshis atrophied senses retained enough vitality to hear the passingfootsteps.
he moaned again, "give me water, for god's sake!"
"he's done for," reported maertz to the waiting group.
"he's coveredwith blood."
"for all that he may prove our salvation," said dalroy quickly.
pitch our firearms and ammunition into the river.
we must lift agate off its hinges, and carry that fellow into argenteau."
he saw the astuteness of the scheme.
a number of belgianpeasants bringing a wounded officer to the ambulance would probably beallowed to proceed scot-free.
but he was loath to part with the preciousfork on which the blood of "that fat busch" was congealing.
he thrust itinto a ditch, and if ever he was able to retrieve it no more valuedsouvenir of the great war will adorn his dwelling.
they possessedneither wine nor water; but a tiny rivulet flowing into the meuse undera neighbouring bridge supplied the latter, and the wounded man gulpeddown great mouthfuls out of a _pickel-haube_.
it partially cleared hiswits.
"where am i?"
he asked faintly.
dalroy nodded to joos, who answered, "on the meuse bank, nearargenteau."
"ah, i remember.
those cursed----" some dim perception of hissurroundings choked the word on his lips.
"i was hit," he went on, "andcrawled among the bushes."
"was there fighting here this morning?"
to-day is tuesday, isn't it?"
"no, wednesday midnight."
"_ach, gott!_ that _verdammt_ ambulance missed me!
i have lain here twodays!"
this time he swore without hesitation, since he was cursing his own men.
jan came with a hurdle.
"this is lighter than a gate, monsieur," heexplained.
dalroy nudged joos sharply, and the miller took the cue.
"now, you two, handle him carefully."
the german groaned piteously, and fainted.
"oh, he's dead!"
gasped irene, when she saw his head drop.
"no, he will recover.
but don't speak english.--as for you, jan maertz,no more of your 'monsieur' and 'madame.'
i am pierre, and this lady isclementine.
dalroy spoke emphatically.
had the german retained his wits theirproject might be undone.
in the event, the pain of movement on thehurdle revived the wounded man, and he asked for more water.
they werethen entering the outskirts of argenteau, so they kept on.
soon theygained the main road, and joos inquired of an officer the whereabouts ofa field hospital.
he directed them quite civilly, and offered to detailmen to act as bearers.
but the miller was now his own shrewd self again.
"no," he said bluntly, "i and my family have rescued your officer, andwe want a safe conduct."
off they went with their living passport.
the field hospital wasestablished in the village school, and here the patient was turned overto a surgeon.
as it happened, the latter recognised a friend, and wasgrateful.
he sent an orderly with them to find the major in charge ofthe lines of communication, and they had not been in argenteau fiveminutes before they were supplied with a _laisser passer_, in which theyfigured as wilhelm schultz, farmer, and wife, clementine and léontine,daughters, and the said daughters' fiancés, pierre dampier and georgeslambert; residence aubel; destination andenne.
there was not the least hitch in the matter.
the major was, in his way,courteous.
joos gave his own christian name as "guillaume," but thegerman laughed.
"you're a good citizen of the fatherland now, my friend," he guffawed,"so we'll make it 'wilhelm.'
as for this pair of doves," and he eyed thetwo girls, "warn off any of our lads.
tell them that i, major vonarnheim, said so.
they're a warm lot where a pretty woman isconcerned."
von arnheim was a stout man, a not uncommon quality in german majors.
perhaps he wondered why joos looked fixedly at the pit of his stomach.
but a motor cyclist dashed up with a despatch, and he forgot all about"schultz" and his family.
as it happened, he was a man of some ability,and the hopeless block at aix caused by the stubborn defence of liègehad brought about the summary dismissal of a general by the wrathfulkaiser.
hence, the argenteau major was promoted and recalled to thebase.
his next in rank, summoned to the post an hour later, knew nothingof the _laisser passer_ granted to a party which closely resembled themuch-wanted miller of visé and his companions; he read an "urgentgeneral order" for their arrest without the least suspicion that theyhad slipped through the net in that very place.
meanwhile these things were in the lap of the gods.
for the moment, thesix people were free, and actually under german protection.
three large and powerful automobiles stood at rest in the tiny square ofargenteau.
nearly every little town in belgium and france possesses its_place_, the hub of social and business life, the centre where roadsconverge and markets are held.
in the roadway, near the cars, wereseveral officers, deep in conversation.
"look," murmured irene to dalroy, "the high-shouldered, broadly-builtman, facing this way, is general von emmich!"
by this time dalroy was acquainted with the name of the germancommander-in-chief.
he found a fleeting interest in watching him now,while joos and the others loitered irresolutely on the pavement outsidethe improvised office of the _kommandantur_.
though the moon was high and clear, there was no other light, and thediffused brilliance of the "orbèd maiden, with white fire laden," is notfavourable to close observation.
but von emmich's bearing and gestureswere significant.
he put an abrupt end to the conclave by an emphaticsweep of his right arm, and the larger number of his staff disposedthemselves in two of the cars, in which the chauffeurs and armed escortswere already seated.
they made off in the direction of aix.
it was easyto guess their errand.
more cannon, more cannon-fodder!
the generalissimo himself remained apart from the colonel and captainwho apparently formed his personal suite.
he strode to and fro,evidently in deep thought.
once he halted quite close to the littlecompany of peasants, and dalroy believed he saw tears in his eyes, tearsinstantly brushed away by an angry hand.
whatever the cause of thisemotion, the general quickly mastered a momentary weakness.
indeed, thatspasmodic yielding seemed to have braced his will to a fixed purpose,because he walked to the waiting car, wrote something by the light of anelectric torch, and said to the younger of the staff officers, "takethat to the field telegraph.
it must have priority."
somehow, dalroy sensed the actual text of the message.
von emmich wasmaking the humiliating admission that liège, far from having fallen, ashe had announced during the first hours of the advance, was still animmovable barrier against a living torrent of men.
so the heart of thismiddle-aged warrior, whose repute was good when measured by the prussianstandard, had not melted because of the misery and desolation he and hisarmed ruffians had brought into one of the most peaceful, industrious,and law-abiding communities in the world.
his tears flowed because offailure, not of regret.
his withers were wrung by mortification, notpity.
he would have waded knee-deep in the blood of belgium if only hecould have gained his ends and substantiated by literal fact that firstvainglorious telegram to the war lord of potsdam.
now he had to ask fortime, reinforcements, siege guns, while the clock ticked inexorably, andengland, france, and russia were mobilising.
perhaps it was in that hourthat his morbid thoughts first turned to a suicide's death as the onlyreparation for what he conceived to be a personal blunder.
yet hisgeneralship was marked by no grave strategical fault.
if aught erred, itwas the german state machine, which counted only on mankind having abody and a brain, but denied it a soul.
von emmich's troubles were no concern of dalroy's, save in theirreaction on his own difficulties.
he was conscious of a certain surprisethat irene beresford should recognise one of the leaders of moderngermany so promptly; but this feeling, in its turn, yielded to the vitalthings of the moment.
"let us be moving," he said quietly, and led theway with joos.
"why did you give andenne as your destination?"
"my wife's cousin lives there, monsieur.
she is married to a man namedalphonse stauwaert.
i _had_ to say something.
i remembered madamestauwaert in the nick of time."
"but andenne lies beyond liège.
to get there we shall have to traversethe whole german line, and pass some of the outlying forts, which isimpossible."
"we must go somewhere."
but why not make for a place that is attainable?
heaven--orpurgatory, at any rate--is far more easily reached to-night thanandenne."
"i didn't say we were going there at once," snapped the miller.
"it'smore than twenty-five kilomètres from here, and is far enough away to besafe when i'm asked where i am bound for.
my wife couldn't walk itto-morrow, let alone to-night."
"andenne lies down the valley of the meuse too, doesn't it?"
"well, isn't that simply falling off a rock into a whirlpool?
thegermans must pass that way to france, and it is france they are aimingat, not belgium."
"they talk mostly about england," said joos sapiently.
"yes, because they fear her.
but let us avoid politics, my friend.
ourpresent problem is how and where to bestow these women for the night.
after that, the sooner we three men leave them the better.
i, at least,must go.
i may be detected any minute, and then--god help you others!"
"_saperlotte!_ that isn't the way you english are treating us.
no,monsieur, we sink or swim together."
that ready disavowal of any clash of interests was cheering.
the littleman's heart was sound, though his temper might be short.
good faith,however, was not such a prime essential now as good judgment, and dalroyhalted again at a corner of the square.
to stay in argenteau wasmadness.
but--there were three roads.
one led to visé, one to liège, andone to the german frontier!
the first two were closed hopelessly.
thethird, open in a sense, was fantastic when regarded as a possible avenueof escape.
yet that third road offered the only path toward comparativesecurity and rest.
"i wish you wouldn't look so dejected," whispered irene, peeping up intodalroy's downcast face with the winsome smile which had so taken hisfancy during the long journey from berlin.
"i've been counting our gainsand losses.
surely the balance is heavy on our side.
we--you, thatis--have defeated the whole german army.
we've lost some sleep and someclothes, but have secured a safe-conduct from our enemies, afterknocking a good many of them on the head.
some men, i know, lookmiserable when most successful; but i don't put you in that category."
she was careful to talk german, not that there was much chance of beingactually overheard, but to prevent the sibilant accents of englishspeech reaching suspicious ears.
britons who have no language but theirown are often surprised when abroad at hearing children mimicking themby hissing.
curiously enough, such is the effect of our island tongue onforeign ears.
monosyllables like "yes," "this," "it's," and scores ofothers in constant use, no less than the almost invariable plural formof nouns, lead to the illusion, which irene was aware of, and guardedagainst.
yet, despite the uncouth, harsh-sounding words on her lips, and thecoarse flemish garments she wore, she was adorably english.
léontinejoos was a pretty girl; but, in true feminine parlance, "lumpy."
somethree inches less in height than her "sister," she probably weighed astone more.
léontine trudged when she walked, irene moved with a gracewhich not even a pair of clumsy sabots could hide.
luckily they werealike in one important particular.
their faces and hands were soiled,their hair untidy, and the passage through the wood had scratchedforeheads and cheeks until the skin was broken, and little patches ofcongealed blood disfigured them.
"i may look more dejected than i feel," dalroy reassured her.
"i'mplaying a part, remember.
i've kept my head down and my knees bent untilmy joints ache."
"oh, is that it?"
she cooed, with a relieved air.
how could he know thenthat the sabots were chafing her ankles until the pain had becomewell-nigh unbearable.
if she could have gratified her own wishes shewould have crept to the nearest hedge and flung herself down in utterweariness.
joos, having pondered the englishman's views on andenne as anunattainable refuge, scratched his head perplexedly.
"i think we hadbetter go toward herve," he said at last.
"this is the road," and hepointed to the left.
"on the way we can branch off to a farm i know of,if it happens to be clear of soldiers."
any goal was preferable to none.
they entered the eastward-bound road,but had not advanced twenty yards along it before the way was blocked bya mass of commissariat wagons and scores of uhlans standing by theirhorses.
two officers, heedless who heard, were wrangling loudly.
"there is nothing else for it, _herr hauptmann_," said one.
"it doesn'tmatter who is actually to blame.
you have taken the wrong road, and mustturn back.
every yard farther in this direction puts you deeper in themire."
"but i was misdirected as far away as bleyberg," protested the other.
"some never-to-be-forgotten hound of hell told me that this was theverviers road.
_gott in himmel!_ and i _must_ be there by dawn!"
dalroy was gazing at the wagons.
they seemed oddly familiar.
the paintedlegend on the tarpaulins placed the matter beyond doubt.
these were thevery vehicles he had seen in the station-yard at aix-la-chapelle!
at this crisis jan maertz's sluggish brain evolved a really clevernotion.
the germans wanted a guide, and who so well qualified for thepost as a carter to whom each turn and twist in every road in theprovince was familiar?
without consulting any one, he pushed forward.
"pardon, _herr general_," he said in his offhand way.
"give me and myfriends a lift, and i'll have you and your wagons in verviers in threehours."
brutality is so engrained in the prussian that an offer which a man ofanother race would have accepted civilly was treated almost as an insultby the angry leader of the convoy.
"you'll guide me with the point of a lance close to your liver, youbelgian swine-dog," was the ungracious answer.
he cried to joos, "show thisgentleman your paper.
he can't go about sticking people as he likes,even in war-time."
joos went forward.
moved by contemptuous curiosity, the two officersexamined the miller's _laisser passer_ by the light of an electrictorch.
the commissariat officer changed his tone when he saw the signature.
thevirtue of military obedience becomes a grovelling servitude in thegerman army, and a man who was ready to act with the utmost unfairnessif left to his own instincts grew almost courteous at sight of thecommunications officer's name.
"your case is different," he admittedgrudgingly.
"is this your party?
the old man is herr schultz, isuppose.
which are you?"
"i'm georges lambert, _herr general_."
"and what do you want?"
"we're all going to andenne.
it's on the paper.
this infernal fightinghas smashed up our place at aubel, and the women are footsore andfrightened.
so is papa.
put them in a wagon.
dampier and i can leg it."
the prussian was becoming more civil each moment.
he realised, too, thatthis gruff fellow who moved about the country under such powerfulprotection was a veritable godsend to him and his tired men.
"no, no," he cried, grown suddenly complaisant, "we can do better thanthat.
i'll dump a few trusses of hay, and put you all in the same wagon,which can then take the lead."
thus, by a mere turn of fortune's wheel, the enemy was changed into afriend, and a dangerous road made safe and comfort-giving.
jan sat infront with the driver, and cracked jokes with him, while the othersnestled into a load of sweet-smelling hay.
"for the first time in my life," whispered dalroy to irene, "iunderstand the precise significance of samson's riddle about the honeyextracted from the lion's mouth.
our heavy-witted jan has saved thesituation.
we enter verviers in triumph, and reach the left of thegerman lines.
just another slice of luck, and we cross the meuse atandenne or elsewhere--it doesn't matter where."
irene had kicked off those cruel sabots.
she bit her lip in the darknessto stifle a sob before answering coolly, "shall we be clear of thegermans then?"
their armies dare not advance so long as we hear thoseguns."
the girl could not reason in the soldier's way.
she thought she would"hear those guns" during the rest of her life.
never had she dreamed ofanything so horrific as that drumming of cannon.
she believed, as womendo, that every shell tore hundreds of human beings limb from limb.
insilent revolt against the frenzy which seemed to possess the world, sheclosed her eyes and buried her head in the hay; and once again exhaustednature was its own best healer.
when the convoy rumbled into verviers inthe early morning, having followed a by-road through julemont and herve,irene had to be awaked out of deep sleep.
yet the boom of the gunscontinued!
liège was still holding out, a paranoiac despot was franticwith wrath, and civilised europe had yet another day to prepare for thecaging of the beast which threatened its very existence.
the leader of the convoy was greeted by a furious staff officer in suchterms that dalroy judged it expedient he and the others should slip awayquietly.
this they contrived to do.
maertz recommended an inn in a sidestreet, where they would be welcomed if accommodation were available.
and it was.
there were no troops billeted in verviers.
every availableman was being hurried to the front.
dalroy watched two infantryregiments passing while maertz and joos were securing rooms.
though thesoldiers were sturdy fellows, and they could not have made anexcessively long march, many of them limped badly, and only maintainedtheir places in the ranks by force of an iron discipline.
he was puzzledto account for their jaded aspect.
an hour later, while lying awake in afairly comfortable bed, and trying to frame some definite programme forthe day which had already dawned, he solved the mystery.
the soldierswere wearing new boots!
germany had _everything_ ready for her millions.
he learnt subsequently that when the german armies entered the fieldthey were followed by ammunition trains carrying four thousand millionrounds of small-arm cartridges alone!
he met joos and maertz at _déjeuner_, a rough but satisfying meal, andwas faced by the disquieting fact that neither madame joos nor irenecould leave the bedroom which they shared with léontine.
madame was doneup; _cette course l'a excédé_, her husband put it; while mademoiselle'sankles were swollen and painful.
these misfortunes were, perhaps, a blessing in disguise.
an enforcedrest was better than no rest at all, and the constant vigil by nightand day was telling even on the apple-cheeked léontine.
joos wanted to wander about the town and pick up news, but dalroydissuaded him.
the woman who kept the little _auberge_ was thoroughlytrustworthy, and hardly another soul in verviers knew of their presencein the town.
news they could do without, whereas recognition might befatal.
irene put in an appearance late in the day.
she had borrowed a pair ofslippers, and the landlady had promised to buy her a pair of strongboots.
sabots she would never wear again, she vowed.
they might becomfortable and watertight when one was accustomed to them, but life wastoo strenuous in belgium just then to permit of experiments in footgear.
when night fell joos could not be kept in.
it was understood that the_kommandantur_ had ordered all inhabitants to remain indoors after nineo'clock, so the old man had hardly an hour at his disposal for what hecalled a _petit tour_.
but he was not long absent.
he had encountered afriend, a curé whose church near aubel had been blown to atoms by germanartillery during a frontier fight on the monday afternoon.
this gentleman, a venerable ecclesiastic, discovered dalroy'snationality after five minutes' chat.
he had in his possession a copy ofa proclamation issued by von emmich.
it began: "i regret very much tofind that german troops are compelled to cross the frontier of belgium.
they are constrained to do so by sheer necessity, the neutrality ofbelgium having already been violated by french officers, who, indisguise, have passed through belgian territory in an automobile inorder to penetrate germany."
the curé, whose name was garnier, laughed sarcastically at thechildishness of the pretext put forward by the commander-in-chief of thearmy of the meuse.
"was war waged for such a flimsy reason ever beforein the history of the world?"
"what fire-eaters these'disguised' french officers must have been!
imagine the hardihood of thebraves who would 'penetrate' mighty germany in one automobile!
thissilly lie bears the date of 4th august, yet my beloved church was thenin ruins, and a large part of the village in flames!"
"verviers seems to have escaped punishment.
how do you account for it?"
"it seems to be a deliberate policy on the part of the germans to spareone town and destroy another.
both serve as examples, the one as typicalof the excellent treatment meted out to those communities which welcomethe invaders, the other as a warning of the fate attending resistance.
both instances are absolutely untrue.
every burgomaster in belgium hasissued notices calling on non-combatants to avoid hostile acts, andverviers is exactly on a par with the other unfortified towns in thispart of the country.
the truth is, monsieur, that the germans arefurious because of the delay our gallant soldiers have imposed on them.
it is bearing fruit too.
i hear that england has already landed an armyat ostend."
dalroy shook his head.
"i wish i might credit that," he said sadly.
"iam a soldier, monsieur, and you may take it from me that such a feat isquite impossible in the time.
we might send twenty or thirty thousandmen by the end of this week, and another similar contingent by the endof next week.
but months must elapse before we can put in the field anarmy big enough to make headway against the swarms of germans i haveseen with my own eyes."
gasped the curé.
"then what will become of my unhappy country?
even to-day we are living on hope.
liège still holds out, and the peopleare saying, 'the english are coming, all will be well!'
a man was shotto-day in this very town for making that statement."
"he must have been a fool to voice his views in the presence of germantroops."
the priest spread wide his hands in sorrowful gesture.
"you don'tunderstand," he said.
"belgium is overrun with spies.
it is positivelydangerous to utter an opinion in any mixed company.
one or two of thebystanders will certainly be in the pay of the enemy."
though the curé was now on surer ground than when he spoke of a britisharmy on belgian soil, dalroy egged him on to talk.
"my chief difficultyis to know how the money was raised to support all these agencies," hesaid.
germany maintains an enormous army.
she has afleet second only to that of britain.
she finances her traders andsubsidises her merchant ships as no other nation does.
how is itcredible that she should also find means to keep up a secret servicewhich must have cost millions sterling a year?"
"yes, you are certainly english," said the priest, with a sad smile.
"you don't begin to estimate the peculiarities of the german character.
we belgians, living, so to speak, within arm's-length of germany, havelong seen the danger, and feared it.
every german is taught that theworld is his for the taking.
every german is encouraged in the beliefthat the national virtue of organised effort is the one and only meansof commanding success.
thus, the state is everything, the individualnothing.
but the state rewards the individual for services rendered.
thegerman dotes on titles and decorations, and what easier way of earningboth than to supply information deemed valuable by the various statedepartments?
plenty of wealthy germans in belgium paid their own spies,and used the knowledge so gained for their private ends as well as forthe benefit of the state.
during the past twenty years the whole germanrace has become a most efficient secret society, its members beingbanded together for their common good, and leagued against the rest ofthe world.
the german never loses his nationality, no matter how long hemay dwell in a foreign country.
my own church claims to be catholic anduniversal, yet i would not trust a german colleague in any matter wherethe interests of his country were at stake.
the germans are a raceapart, and believe themselves superior to all others.
there was a time,in my youth, when prussia was distinct from saxony, or würtemberg,or bavaria.
that feeling is dead.
the present emperor has welded hispeople into one tremendous machine, partly by playing upon their vanity,partly by banging the german drum during his travels, but mainly bydangling before their eyes the reward that men have always foundirresistible--the spoliation of other lands, the prospect of suddenenrichment.
every soldier marching past this house at the presentmoment hopes to rob belgium and france.
and now england is added to theenticing list of well-stocked properties that may be lawfully burgled.
i am no prophet, monsieur.
i am only an old man who has watched theupspringing of a new and terrible force in european politics.
i may livean hour or ten years; but if god spares me for the latter period i shallsee germany either laid in the dust by an enraged world or dominatingthe earth by brutal conquest."
but for the outbreak of the war dalroy would have passed the"interpreter" test in german some few weeks later.
he had spent his"language leave" in berlin, and was necessarily familiar with germanthought and literature.
often had he smiled at teutonic boastfulness.
now the simple words of an aged village curé had given a far-reachingand sinister meaning to much that had seemed the mere froth of avigorous race fermenting in successful trade.
"do you believe that the german colony in england pursues the samemethods?"
he asked, and his heart sank as he recalled the wealth andsocial standing of the horde of germans in the british isles.
"can the leopard change his spots?"
quoted the other.
"a year ago one ofmy friends, a maker of automobiles, thought i needed a holiday.
he tookme to england.
god has been good to britain, monsieur!
he has given youriches and power.
but you are grown careless.
i stayed in five bighotels, two in london and three in the provinces.
they were all run bygermans.
i made inquiries, thinking i might benefit some of my villagelads; but the german managers would employ none save german waiters,german cooks, german reception clerks.
your hall porters were germans.
you never cared to reflect, i suppose, that hotels are the main arteriesof a country's life.
but the canker did not end there.
your mills andcollieries were installing german plant under german supervisors.
yourbanks----"the speaker paused dramatically.
"but our god is not a german god!"
he cried, and his sunken eyes seemedto shoot fire.
"last night, listening to the guns that were murderingbelgium, i asked myself, why does heaven permit this crime?
and theanswer came swiftly: german influences were poisoning the world.
theyhad to be eradicated, or mankind would sink into the bottomless pit.
sogod has sent this war.
be of good heart.
remember the words of saintpaul: 'so also is the resurrection of the dead.
it is sown incorruption; it is raised in incorruption.
it is sown in dishonour; it israised in glory.
it is sown in weakness; it is raised in power.'"
the curé's voice had unconsciously attained the pulpit pitch.
the clear,incisive accents reached other ears.
the landlady crept in, with a face of scare.
she whispered,"the doors are wide open.
it is an order!"
dalroy went rapidly into the street.
no loiterer was visible.
not even acrowd of five persons might gather to watch the military pageant; it was_verboten_.
and ever the dim shapes flitted by in the night--horse,foot, and artillery, automobiles, ambulance and transport wagons.
thereseemed no end to this flux of gray-green gnomes.
the air was tremulouswith the unceasing hammer-strokes of heavy guns on the anvil of liège.
staid old europe might be dissolving even then in a cloud ofhigh-explosive gas.
the scheme of things was all awry.
one englishman gave up the riddle.
heturned on his heel, and lit one of the cheap cigars purchased inaix-la-chapelle less than forty-eight hours ago!
madame joos was old for her fifty years, and heavy withal.
hers was notthe finer quality of human clay which hardens in the fire of adversity.
she became ill, almost seriously ill, and had to be nursed back intogood health again during nine long days.
and long these days were, thelongest dalroy had ever known.
to a man of his temperament, enforcedinactivity was anathema in any conditions; a gnawing doubt that he wasnot justified in remaining in verviers at all did not improve matters.
monsieur garnier, the curé, was a frequent though unobtrusive visitor.
he doctored the invalid, and brought scraps of accurate informationwhich filtered through the far-flung screen of uhlans and the denselines of german infantry and guns.
thus the fugitives knew when andwhere the british expeditionary force actually landed on the continent.
they heard of the gradual sapping of the defences of liège, until fortloncin fell, and, with it, as events were to prove, the shield which hadprotected belgium for nearly a fortnight.
the respite did not avail kingalbert and his heroic people in so far as the occupation and ravaging oftheir beautiful country was concerned; but calm-eyed historians inyears to come will appraise at its true value the breathing-space,slight though it was, thus secured for france and england.
dalroy found it extraordinarily difficult to sift the true from thefalse in the crop of conflicting rumours.
in the first instance, germanlegends had to be discounted.
from the outset of the campaign thekaiser's armies were steadily regaled with accounts of phenomenalsuccesses _elsewhere_.
thus, when four army corps, commanded now by vonkluck, were nearly demoralised by the steadfast valour of general lemanand his stalwarts, the men were rallied by being told that the crownprince was smashing his way to paris through nancy and verdun.
prodigieswere being performed in poland and the north sea, and london was burntby zeppelins almost daily.
nor did belgian imagination lag far behind inthis contest of unveracity.
british and french troops were marching tothe meuse by a dozen roads; the french raid into alsace was magnifiedinto a great military feat; the british fleet had squelched the germannavy by sinking nineteen battleships; the kaiser, haggard andblear-eyed, was alternately degrading and shooting generals and issuingflamboyant proclamations.
finally, russia was flattening out eastprussia and galicia with the slow crunching of a steam roller.
out of this maelström of "news" a level-headed soldier might, and did,extract certain hard facts.
the landing of sir john french's force tookplace exactly at the time and place and in the numbers dalroy himselfhad estimated.
to throw a small army into flanders would have beenfolly.
obviously, the british must join hands with the french beforeoffering battle.
for the rest--though he went out very little, andalone, as being less risky--he recognised the hour when the germanmachine recovered its momentum after the first unexpected collapse.
hesaw order replace chaos.
he watched the dragon crawling ever onward, andunderstood then that no act of man could save belgium.
verviers was thebest possible site for an observer who knew how to use his eyes.
heassumed that what was occurring there was going on with equal precisionin luxembourg and along the line of the vosges mountains.
gradually, too, he reconciled his conscience to these days of waiting.
he believed now that his services would be immensely more useful to thebritish commander-in-chief in the field if he could cross the frenchfrontier rather than reach london and the war office by way of thebelgian coast.
this decision lightened his heart.
he was beginning tofear that the welfare of irene beresford was conflicting with duty.
itwas cheering to feel convinced that the odds and ends of informationpicked up in verviers might prove of inestimable value to the alliedcause.
for instance, liège was being laid low by eleven-inch howitzers,but he had seen seventeen-inch howitzers, each in three parts, each partdrawn by forty horses or a dozen traction-engines, moving slowly towardthe south-west.
there lay namur and france.
no need to doubt now wherethe chief theatre of the war would find its habitat.
the german staffhad blundered in its initial strategy, but the defect was beingrepaired.
all that had gone before was a mere prelude to the grimbusiness which would be transacted beyond the meuse.
during that period of quiescence, certain minor and personal elementsaffecting the future passed from a nebulous stage to a state ofquasi-acceptance.
there was not, there could not be, any pronouncedlove-making between two people so situated as dalroy and ireneberesford.
but eyes can exchange messages which the lips dare not utter,and these two began to realise that they were designed the one for theother by a wise providence.
as that is precisely the right sentiment ofyoung folk in love, romance throve finely in madame béranger's little_auberge_ in the rue de nivers at verviers.
a tender glance, a touch ofthe hand, a lighting of a troubled face when the dear one appears--thesethings are excellent substitutes for the spoken word.
irene was "irene" to dalroy ever since that night in the wood atargenteau, and the girl herself accepted the development with thedeftness which is every woman's legacy from mother eve.
"if you make free with my christian name i must retort by using yours,"she said one day on coming down to breakfast.
where did you get that hat?"
the hat in question was a purchase, a wide-brimmed felt such as iscommon in flanders.
its apache slouch, in conjunction with jan maertz'soldest clothes and a week's stubble of beard, made dalroy quitevillainous-looking.
except in the details of height and physique, itwould, indeed, be difficult for any stranger to associate thisloose-limbed belgian labourer with the well-groomed cavalry officer whoentered the friedrich strasse station in berlin on the night of 3rdaugust.
that was as it should be, though the alteration was none theless displeasing to its victim.
irene adopted a huge sun-bonnet, andcompromised as to boots by wearing _sabots en cuir_, or clogs.
singularly enough, white-haired monsieur garnier nearly brought mattersto a climax as between these two.
on the wednesday evening, when the last forts of liège were crumbling,madame joos was reported convalescent and asleep, so both girls came tothe little _salon_ for a supper of stewed veal.
naturally the war was discussed first; but the priest was learning toagree with his english friend about its main features.
in sheer dismayat the black outlook before his country, he suddenly turned the talkinto a more intimate channel.
"what plans have you youngsters made?"
"monsieur joos and ican only look back through the years.
the places we know and love areabodes of ghosts.
the milestones are tombstones.
we can surely countmore friends dead than living.
for you it is different.
the world willgo on, war or no war; but verviers will not become your residence, itake it."
"jan and i mean to join our respective armies as soon as monsieur joosand the ladies are taken care of, and that means, i suppose, safelylodged in england," said dalroy.
"if léontine likes to marry me first, i'm agreeable," put in maertzpromptly.
it was a naïve confession, and every one laughed except joos.
"léontine marries neither you nor any other hulking loafer while thereis one german hoof left in belgium," vowed the little man warmly.
the priest smiled.
he knew where the shoe pinched.
maertz, if no loafer,was not what is vulgarly described as "a good catch."
"i've lost my parish," he said jestingly, "and, being an inveteratematch-maker, am on the _qui vive_ for a job.
but if father says 'no' wemust wait till mother has a word.
now for the other pair.--what of you?"
irene blushed scarlet, and dropped her serviette; dalroy, thoughflabbergasted, happily hit on a way out.
"i'm surprised at you, monsieur!"
"look at mademoiselle, andthen run your eye over me.
did ever pretty maid wed such a scarecrow?"
"i must refer that point to mademoiselle," retorted the priest.
"i don'tthink either of you would choose a book by the cover."
at last i know the worst," laughed dalroy.
"who would believe thati once posed as the discobulus in a _tableau vivant_?"
neither his french nor german was equal to thetranslation.
"a quoit-thrower," suggested irene.
sniffed the miller.
"i'll take you on at that game any day youlike for twenty francs every ringer."
it was a safe offer.
old joos was a noted player.
he gave details of hisprowess.
dalroy, though modestly declining a contest, led him on, andsteered the conversation clear of rocks.
thenceforth, for a whole day, irene's manner stiffened perceptibly, anddalroy was miserable.
inexperienced in the ways of the sex, he littledreamed that irene felt she had been literally thrown at his head.
but graver issues soon dispersed that small cloud.
on saturday, 15thaugust, the thunder of the guns lessened and died down, being replacedby the far more distant and fitful barking of field batteries.
but therumble on the cobbles of the main road continued.
what need to ask whathad happened?
around liège lay the silence of death.
late that afternoon a woman brought a note to dalroy.
it bore noaddress.
she merely handed it to him, and hurried off, with the furtiveair of one afraid of being asked for an explanation.
it ran:    "dear friend,--save yourself and the others.
lose not a moment.
i have seen a handbill.
a big reward is offered.
my advice is:    go west separately.
the messenger i employ is a christian, but i    doubt the faith of many.
may god guard you!
i shall accompany    you in my thoughts and prayers.--e.
g."dalroy found joos instantly.
"what is our curé's baptismal name?"
"he has sent us marching orders.
the miller's wizened face blanched.
he had counted on remaining inverviers till the war was over.
at that date no self-respecting belgiancould bring himself to believe that the fighting would continue into thewinter.
the first comparative successes of the small belgian army,combined with the meteoric french advance into alsace, seemed to assurespeedy victory by the allies.
he swore roundly, but decided to followthe priest's bidding in every respect save one.
"we can't split up," he declared.
"we are all named in the _laisserpasser_.
you understand what dull pigs these germans are.
if one is missing, or there's one too many, they'll inquire aboutit for a week."
sound common-sense and no small knowledge of teuton character lurked inthe old man's comment.
monsieur garnier, of course, had not been toldwhy this queerly assorted group clung together, nor was he aware of theexact cause of their flight from visé.
probably the handbill hementioned was explicit in names and descriptions.
at any rate, he musthave the strongest reasons for supposing that verviers no longerprovided a safe retreat.
jan maertz was summoned.
he made a good suggestion.
the direct road toandenne, viâ liège and huy, was impracticable, being crowded with troopsand transports.
why not use the country lanes from pepinster throughlouveigne, hamoir, and maffe?
it was a hilly country, and probably clearof soldiers.
he would buy a dog-team, and thus save madame joos thefatigue of walking.
dalroy agreed at once.
even though irene still insisted on sharing hiseffort to cross the german lines, two routes opened from andenne, one tobrussels and the west, the other to dinant and the south.
moreover, hecounted on the allies occupying the mons-charleroi-namur terrain, andone night's march from andenne, with maertz as guide, should bring thethree of them through, as the joos family, in all likelihood, wouldelect to remain with their relatives.
in a word, the orderliness of verviers had already relegated theexcesses of visé to the obscurity of an evil but half-forgotten dream.
the horrors of louvain, of malines, of the whole belgian valley of themeuse, had yet to come.
an officer of the british army simply could notallow his mind to conceive the purposeful criminality of german methods.
little did he imagine that, on the very day the fugitives set out forandenne, visé was completely sacked and burned by command of the germanauthorities.
not because of any fault committed by theunfortunate inhabitants, who had suffered so much at the outbreak ofhostilities.
this second avalanche was let loose out of sheer spite.
bythis time the enemy was commencing to estimate the fearful toll whichthe belgian army had taken of the uhlans who provided the famous"cavalry screen."
over and over again the vaunted light horsemen ofgermany were ambuscaded and cut up or captured.
they proved to beextraordinarily poor fighters when in small numbers, but naturally thosewho got away made a fine tale of the dangers they had escaped.
theseconstant defeats stung the pride of the headquarters staff, and"frightfulness" was prescribed as the remedy.
the fact cannot bedisputed.
the invaders' earliest offences might be explained, if notcondoned, as the deeds of men brutalised by drink, but the wholesaleravaging of communities by regiments and brigades was the outcome of adeliberate policy of reprisal.
the hun argument was convincing--to thehun intellect.
how dared these puny belgians fight for their hearths andhomes?
it was their place to grovel at the feet of the conqueror.
if anyworn-out notions of honour and manhood and the sanctity of womaninspired them to take the field, they must be taught wisdom by beingground beneath the heel of the prussian jack-boot.
if the dead mouths of five thousand murdered belgians did not beartestimony against these disciplined marauders, the mere journey of thelittle party of men and women who set out from verviers that saturdayafternoon would itself dispose of any attempt to cloak the high-placedoffenders.
they arranged a rendezvous at pepinster.
dalroy went alone.
he insistedthat this was advisable.
maertz brought madame joos and irene.
joos,having been besought to curb his tongue, convoyed léontine.
untilpepinster was reached, they took the main road, with its river oftroops.
none gave them heed.
not a man addressed an uncivil word tothem.
the soldiers were cheery and well-behaved.
they halted that night at louveigne, which was absolutely unscathed.
next day they passed through hamoir and maffe, and the peasants weregathering the harvest!
huy and andenne, a villager told them, were occupied by the germans, butall was quiet.
they pushed on, turning north-west from maffe, anddescended into the meuse valley about six o'clock in the evening.
it wasominous that the bridge was destroyed and a cluster of houses burning inseilles, a town on the opposite, or left, bank of the river.
but andenneitself, a peaceful and industrious place, seemed to be undisturbed.
while passing a farm known as dermine they fell in with a priest and afew belgians who were carrying a mortally wounded prussian officer on astretcher.
then, to his real chagrin, dalroy heard that the belgian outposts hadbeen driven south and west only that morning.
one day less in verviers,and he and the others would have been out of their present difficulties.
however, he made the best of it.
surely they could either cross themeuse or reach namur next day; while the fact that some local residentswere attending to the injured officer would supply the fugitives with anexcellent safe-conduct into andenne, just as a similar incident had beentheir salvation at argenteau.
the stretcher was taken into the villa of a well-to-do resident; and, itbeing still broad daylight, joos asked to be directed to the house ofmonsieur alphonse stauwaert.
the miller was acquainted with thetopography of the town, but the stauwaert family had moved recently to anew abode.
"barely two hundred mètres, _tout droit_," he was told.
they had gone part of the way when a troop of uhlans came at the gallopalong the namur road.
the soldiers advanced in a pack, and wereevidently in a hurry.
madame joos was seated in the low-built, flatcart, drawn by two strong dogs, which had brought her from verviers.
maertz was leading the animals.
the other four were disposed on bothsides of the cart.
at the moment, no other person was nearer than somethirty yards ahead.
three men were standing there in the roadway, andthey moved closer to the houses on the left.
maertz, too, pulled histeam on to the pavement on the same side.
the uhlans came on.
suddenly, without the slightest provocation, theirleader swerved his horse and cut down one of the men, who dropped with ashriek of mingled fear and agony.
retribution came swiftly, because the charger slipped on some roundedcobbles, crossed its forelegs, and turned a complete somersault.
therider, a burly non-commissioned officer, pitched clean on his head, andeither fractured his skull or broke his neck, perhaps achieving bothlaudable results, while his blood-stained sabre clattered on the stonesat dalroy's feet.
the nearest uhlans drove their lances through theother two civilians, who were already running for their lives.
in orderto avoid the plunging horse and their fallen leader, the two ruffiansreined on to the pavement.
they swung their weapons, evidently meaningto transfix some of the six people clustered around the cart.
the womenscreamed shrilly.
léontine cowered near the wall; joos, valiant soul inan aged body, put himself in front of his wife; maertz, hauling at thedogs, tried to convert the vehicle into a shield for léontine; whiledalroy, conscious that irene was close behind, picked up the_unteroffizier's_ sword.
much to the surprise of the trooper, who selected this tall peasant asan easy prey, he parried the lance-thrust in such wise that the bladeentered the horse's off foreleg and brought the animal down.
at the sameinstant maertz ducked, and dodged a wild lunge, which missed because theuhlan was trying to avoid crashing into the cart.
but the vengeful steelfound another victim.
by mischance it transfixed madame joos, while thehorse's shoulder caught dalroy a glancing blow in the back and sent himsprawling.
some of the troopers, seeing two of their men prone, were pulling upwhen a gruff voice cried, "_achtung!_ we'll clear out these swinelater!"
irene, who saw all that had passed with an extraordinary vividness, wasthe only one who understood why the order which undoubtedly saved fivelives was given.
a stout staff officer, wearing a blue uniform with redfacings, rode with the uhlans, and she was certain that he was in astate of abject terror.
his funk was probably explained by an irregularvolley lower down the street, though, in the event, the shooting provedto be that of his own men.
two miles away, at solayn, these same uhlanshad been badly bitten by a belgian patrol, and the fat man, prospectingthe namur road with a cavalry escort, wanted no more unpleasantsurprises that evening.
ostensibly, of course, he was anxious to reportto a brigade headquarters at huy.
at any rate, the uhlans swept on.
they were gone when dalroy regained his feet.
a riderless horse wasclattering after them; another with a broken leg was vainly trying torise.
close at hand lay two uhlans, one dead and one insensible.
joosand léontine were bending over the dying woman in the cart, makingfrantic efforts to stanch the blood welling forth from mouth and breast.
the lance had pierced her lungs, but she was conscious for a minute orso, and actually smiled the farewell she could not utter.
maertz was swearing horribly, with the incoherence of a man justaroused from drunken sleep.
irene moved a few steps to meet dalroy.
herface was marble white, her eyes strangely dilated.
"are you hurt?"
"untouched, thanks to you.
but those brutes have killed poor madamejoos!"
the wounded uhlan was stretched between them.
he stirred convulsively,and groaned.
dalroy looked at the sword which he still held.
he resisteda great temptation, and sprang over the prostrate body.
he was about tosay something when a ghastly object staggered past.
it was the man whoreceived the sabre-cut, which had gashed his shoulder deeply.
"_oh, mon dieu!_" he screamed.
"_oh, mon dieu!_"he may have been making for some burrow.
they never knew.
he wailed thatfrenzied appeal as he shambled on--always the same words.
he could thinkof nothing else but the last cry of despairing humanity to theall-powerful.
owing to the flight of the cavalry, dalroy imagined that some body ofallied troops, belgian or french, was advancing from namur, so he didnot obey his first impulse, which was to enter the nearest house andendeavour to get away through the gardens or other enclosures in rear.
he glanced at the hapless body on the cart, and saw by the eyes thatlife had departed.
léontine was sobbing pitifully.
maertz, havingrecovered his senses, was striving to calm her.
but joos remainedsilent; he held his wife's limp hand, and it was as though he awaitedsome reassuring clasp which should tell him that she still lived.
dalroy had no words to console the bereaved old man.
he turned aside,and a mist obscured his vision for a little while.
then he heard thewounded german hiccoughing, and he looked again at the sword, becausethis was the assassin who had foully murdered a gentle, kind-hearted,and inoffensive woman.
but he could not demean himself by becoming anexecutioner.
richly as the criminal deserved to be sent with his victimto the bar of eternal justice, the englishman decided to leave him tothe avengers coming through the town.
the shooting drew nearer.
a number of women and children, with a fewmen, appeared.
they were running and screaming.
the first batch fledpast; but an elderly dame, spent with even a brief flurry, halted for afew seconds when she saw the group near the dog-team.
what, in heaven's name, are youdoing here?"
it was madame stauwaert, the andenne cousin with whom they hoped to findsanctuary.
the miller gazed at her in a curiously abstracted way.
"is that you,margot?"
"we were coming to you.
but they have wounded lise.
here she is!"
madame stauwaert looked at the corpse as though she did not understandat first.
then she burst out hysterically, "she's dead, henri!
they're killing all of us!
they pulled alphonse out of thehouse and stabbed him with a bayonet.
they're firing through theopenings into the cellars and into the ground-floor rooms of everyhouse.
if they see a face at a bedroom window they shoot.
two germans,so drunk that they could hardly stand, shot at me as i ran.
she swayed and sank in a faint.
the flying crowd increased in numbers.
some one shouted, "fools!
be off, for your lives!
make for thequarries."
dalroy decided to take this unknown friend's advice.
the terrifiedpeople of andenne had, at least, some definite goal in view, whereas hehad none.
he lifted madame stauwaert and placed her beside the dead bodyon the cart.
"come," he said to maertz, "get the dogs into a trot.--léontine, lookafter your father, and don't lose sight of us!"
he grasped irene by the arm.
the tiny vehicle was flat and narrow, andhe was so intent on preventing the unconscious woman from falling offinto the road that he did not miss joos and his daughter until irenecalled on maertz to stop.
"where are the others?"
"we mustnot desert them."
in the midst of a scattered mob came the laggards.
joos was nothurrying at all.
he was smiling horribly.
in his hand he held a largepocket-knife open.
"it was all i had," he explained calmly.
"but margotsaid lise was dead, so it did his business."
"i'm glad," said dalroy.
"it was your privilege.
but you must run now,for léontine's sake, as she will not leave you, and the germans may beon us at any moment."
luckily, the stream of people swerved into a by-road; the "quarries"of which some man had spoken opened up in the hillside close at hand.
on top were woods, and a cart-track led that way at a sharp gradient.
dalroy assisted the dogs by pushing the cart, and they reached thesummit.
pausing there, while irene and the weeping léontine endeavouredto revive madame stauwaert, to whom they must look for some sort ofguidance as to their next move, he went to the lip of the excavation,and surveyed the scene.
dusk was creeping over the picturesque valley, but the light stillsufficed to reveal distances.
the railway station, with all the housesin the vicinity, was on fire.
nearly every dwelling along the namur roadwas ablaze; while the trim little farms which rise, one above the other,on the terraced heights of the right bank of the meuse seemed to haveburst into flame spontaneously.
seilles, too, on the opposite bank, wasundergoing the same process of wanton destruction; but, a puzzlingthing, rifles and machine-guns were busy on both sides of the river, andthe flashes showed that a sharp engagement was taking place.
a man, carrying a child in his arms, who had come with them, wasstanding at dalroy's elbow.
he appeared self-possessed enough, so theenglishman sought information.
"are those belgian troops in seilles?"
the man snorted.
they retreated to namur this morning.
that is a bavarian regiment shooting at brandenburgers in andenne.
theyare all mad drunk, officers and men.
they've been here since eleveno'clock, first uhlans, then infantry.
the burgomaster met them fairly,not a shot was fired, and we thought we were over the worst.
then, asyou see, hell broke loose!"
such was the refuge andenne provided on monday, 20th august.
the stranger, a monsieur jules pochard, proved a most useful friend.
inthe first instance, he was a cool-headed person, who did not allowimagination to run riot.
"no," he said, when questioned as to the chanceof reaching namur by a forced march along country lanes, "every road inthat section of the province is closed by cavalry patrols.
you cannotavoid them, monsieur.
come with me to huy, and you'll be reasonablysafe."
"why safer in huy than here, or anywhere else where these brutes maybe?"
"huy has been occupied by the germans since the 12th, and is theirtemporary headquarters.
from what i gather, they usually spare suchtowns.
that is why we never dreamed of andenne being sacked."
dalroy remembered the aged curé's exposition of _kultur_ as a policy.
"is this sort of thing going on generally, then?"
monsieur pochard was a frenchman.
he raised his eyebrows.
"where can youhave been, monsieur, not to know what has happened at liège, visé,flemelle grande, blagny trembleur, and a score of other places?"
broke in the cracked, piping voice of joos.
"what's that aboutvisé?"
"it is burnt to the ground, and nearly all the inhabitants killed."
"is anything said of a fat major named busch, whom henri joos the millerstuck with a fork?"
"a prussian, do you mean?"
one of the same breed--a westphalian."
"i haven't heard."
"he tried to assault my daughter, so i got him.
the second one, a uhlan,killed my wife, and i got _him_ too.
i cut his throat down there in themain street.
it's easy to kill germans.
they're soft, like pigs."
though joos's half-demented boasting was highly injudicious, dalroy didnot interfere.
he was in a mood to let matters drift.
they could notwell be worse.
he had tried to control the course of events in so far asthey affected his own and irene beresford's fortunes, but had failedlamentably.
now, fate must take charge.
pochard's comment was to the point, at any rate.
"i congratulate you,monsieur," he said.
"i'll do a bit in that line myself when this littleone is lodged with his aunt in huy.
if every belgian accounts for twoprussians, you'll hold them till the french and english join up."
"do you know for certain where the english are?"
put in dalroy eagerly.
"yes, at charleroi.
the french are in namur.
come with me to huy.
a fewdays, and the _sales alboches_ will be pelting back to the rhine."
for the second time dalroy heard a slang epithet new to him applied tothe germans.
he little guessed how familiar the abbreviated french formof the word would become in his ears.
briton, frenchman, slav, anditalian have cordially adopted "boche" as a suitable term for the commonenemy.
it has no meaning, yet conveys a sense of contemptuous dislike.
stricken france had no heart for humour in 1870. the merciless foe wasthen a "prussian"; in 1914 he became a "boche," and the change held acomforting significance.
dalroy, of course, did not share the frenchman's opinion as to thespeedy discomfiture of the invader; but night was falling, the offer ofshelter was too good to be refused.
nevertheless, he was careful toreveal a real difficulty.
"unfortunately, we have a dead woman in thecart," he said.
"madame stauwaert, too, is ill, but she has recoveredfrom a fainting fit, i see."
"ah, poor stauwaert!"
murmured the other.
"a decent fellow.
i saw themkill him.
and that's his wife, of course.
i didn't recognise herbefore."
dalroy was relieved to find that the frenchman and the bereaved womanwere friends.
he had not forgotten the priest's statement that therewould be a spy in every group in that part of belgium.
later heascertained that monsieur pochard was a well-to-do leather merchant inandenne, who, like many others, refused to abandon a long-establishedbusiness for fear of the germans; doubtless he was destined to pay aheavy price for his tenacity ere the war ended.
he behaved now as a truesamaritan, urging an immediate move, and promising even to arrange formadame joos's burial.
dalroy helped him to carry the child, athree-year-old boy, who was very sleepy and peevish, and did notunderstand why he should not be at home and in bed.
joos suffered them to lead him where they listed.
he walked by the sideof the cart, and told "lise" how he had dealt with the uhlan.
léontinesobbed afresh, and tried to stop him, but he grew quite angry.
"why shouldn't she know?"
"it is her affair, and mine.
youscreamed, and turned away, but i hacked at him till his wind-pipehissed."
monsieur pochard brought them to huy by a rough road among the hills.
it was a dreadful journey in the gloaming of a perfect summer's evening.
the old man's ghoulish jabbering, the sobs of the women, the panting oftwo exhausted dogs, and the wailing of the child, who wanted hisfather's arms round him rather than a stranger's, supplied a tragicchorus which ill beguiled that _via dolorosa_ along the heights of themeuse.
irene insisted on taking the boy for a time, and the youngster ceasedhis plaint at once.
"that's a blessed relief," she confided to dalroy.
"i'm not afflictedwith nerves, but this poor little chap's crying was more than i couldbear."
"he is too heavy that you should carry him far," he protested.
"you're very much of a man, arthur," she said quietly.
"you don'trealise, i suppose, that nature gives us women strong arms for this verypurpose."
"i hadn't thought of that.
the fact is, i'm worried.
i have a doubt atthe back of my head that we ought to be going the other way."
"which other way?"
"in precisely the opposite direction."
"but what can we do?
at what stage in our wanderings up to this verymoment could we have parted company with our friends?
do you know, ihave a horrible feeling that we have brought a good deal of avoidablemisery on their heads?
if we hadn't gone to the mill----""they would probably all have been dead by this time, and certainly bothhomeless and friendless," he interrupted.
then he began telling her thefate of visé, but was brought up short by an imperative whisper frompochard.
they were talking english, without realising it, and huy wasnear.
"and why carry that sword?"
added the frenchman.
"it is useless, andmost dangerous.
thrust it into a ditch."
dalroy obeyed promptly.
he had thoughtlessly disregarded the sinisteroutcome if a patrol found him with such a weapon in his hand.
they came to huy by a winding road through a suburb, meeting plenty ofsoldiers strolling to and from billets.
luck befriended them at thisticklish moment.
none saw a little party turning into a lane which ledto the back of the villa tenanted by monsieur pochard's married sister.
this lady proved both sympathetic and helpful.
the cart, with its sadfreight, was housed in a wood-shed at the bottom of the garden, and thedogs were stabled in the gardener's potting-shed.
"the ladies can share my bedroom and my daughter's," she said.
"you menmust sleep in the greenhouse, as every remaining room is filled withuhlans.
their supper is ready now, but there is plenty.
come and eatbefore they arrive.
they left on patrol duty early this morning."
and that is where the fugitives experienced a stroke of amazing goodfortune.
that particular batch of uhlans never returned.
it was supposedthat they were cut off while scouting along the tirlemont road.
apparently their absence only contributed to an evening of quiet talkand a night of undisturbed rest.
in reality, it saved the lives of thewhole party, including the hostess and her family.
early next morning monsieur pochard interviewed an undertaker, andmadame joos was laid to rest in the nearest cemetery.
maertz, madamestauwaert, and léontine attended the funeral.
joos showed signs ofcollapse.
his mind wandered.
he thought his wife was living, and inverviers.
they encouraged the delirium, and dosed him with a narcotic.
irene helped in the kitchen, and dalroy dug the garden.
thus, theconfederacy remained split up during the morning, and was not noticed byan officer who came to inquire about the missing uhlans.
about noon monsieur pochard drew dalroy aside.
"monsieur," he said, andhis face wore anxious lines, "last night the old man implied that he washenri joos, of visé.
no, please listen.
i don't want to be told.
i canonly give you certain facts, and leave you to draw your own conclusions.
active inquiries are being made by the authorities for henri joos,elisabeth joos, léontine joos, their daughter, and jan maertz, allof visé.
with them are an englishwoman aged twenty, and an englishofficer named dalroy, both dressed as belgian peasants.
the appendeddescriptions seem to be remarkably accurate, and a reward of onethousand marks is offered for their capture."
"they may be willing to pay double the price for freedom," said dalroy.
the frenchman was not offended.
he realised that this was not asuggestion of a personal bribe.
"you have not heard all," he continued.
"these people were traced toverviers, but the trail was lost after maertz bought a cart and adog-team in that town three days ago.
unfortunately, some uhlans,passing through andenne last night, have reported the presence of justsuch a party on the main road.
other soldiers believe they saw a similarlot entering huy after dark, and the burgomaster is warned that thestrictest search must be made among refugees at huy.
to make sure, agerman escort will assist.
it is estimated that joos and the others willbe caught, because they will probably depend on a _laisser passer_issued in argenteau under false names, which are known.
joos figures aswilhelm schultz, for instance.
don't look so surprised, monsieur.
theburgomaster is my brother-in-law's partner.
he will not reach thisquarter of huy till half-past three or four o'clock."
"but there is the record of madame joos's burial," put in dalroyinstantly.
the poor creature remains a 'woman unknown, found dead.'
thegermans don't worry about such trifles.
but, by a strange coincidence,madame stauwaert practically takes her place for identificationpurposes.
by the mercy of providence, no german soldier was in thishouse last night, or he would now be the richer by a thousand marks.
thenotice is placarded at the _kommandantur_, and is being read by themultitude."
"we shall not bring further trouble on a family which has already rungrave risk in our behalf," vowed dalroy warmly.
"we must scatter atonce, and, if caught, suffer individually."
"i was sure you would say that, monsieur; but sworn allies carryfriendship to greater lengths.
now, let us take counsel.
madamestauwaert can remain here.
fifty people in huy will answer for her.
mysister can hire a servant, léontine.
if joos is tractable he can lodgein safety with some cottagers i know.
maertz wishes to join the belgianarmy, and you the british; while that charming young lady will want toget to england.
well, we may be able to contrive all these things.
ihappen to be a bit of an antiquary, and huy owns more ruined castles andmonasteries than any other town of similar size in belgium, or in theworld, i imagine.
follow my instructions to the letter, and you willcheat the germans yet.
they are animals of habit and cast-iron rule.
when searching for six people they will never look for one or two.
yetit would be folly if you and mademoiselle wandered off by yourselves ina strange country.
then, indeed, even german official obtuseness mightshow a spark of real intelligence; whereas, by gaining a few days, whoknows whether your armies may not come to you, rather than you go tothem?"
the good-hearted frenchman's scheme worked without a hitch.
the cart wasbroken up for firewood, the harness burnt, and the dogs taken a mileinto the country by maertz, who sold them for a couple of francs, andcame back to a certain ruined priory by a roundabout road.
irene and dalroy had gone there already.
the place lay deep in trees andbrushwood, and was approachable by a dozen hidden ways.
although givenover to bats and owls, its tumbledown walls contained one complete room,situated some twenty feet above the ground level, and reached by awinding staircase of stone slabs, which looked most precarious, butproved quite sound if used by a sure-footed climber.
here, then, the three dwelt eleven weary days.
during daylight theironly diversion was the flight of hosts of aeroplanes toward the frenchfrontier.
twice they saw zeppelins.
for warmth at night they depended onhorse-rugs and bundles of a species of bracken which throve among thepiles of stones.
they were well supplied with food, deposited at dusk ina fosse, and obtained when the opening bars of "la brabançonne" werewhistled at a distance.
the air itself was a guarantee that no germanwas near, because the belgian national anthem is not pleasing to hunears.
a typed note in the basket formed their sole link with the outer world.
and what momentous issues were conveyed in the briefest of sentences!
"namur has fallen after a day's bombardment by a new and terriblecannon."
"brussels has capitulated without resistance."
"after a fierce battle, the french and english have retired fromcharleroi and mons."
"the retreat continues.
france is invaded.
valenciennes has fallen."
on the eleventh morning dalroy hid among the bushes until the dailybasket was brought.
monsieur pochard himself was the go-between.
hefeared lest léontine would contrive to meet maertz, so the girl did notknow where her lover was hidden.
the frenchman started visibly when dalroy's voice reached him; but thelatter spoke in a tone which would not carry far.
"i'm sorry to seemungrateful," he said, "but we are growing desperate.
do us one lastfavour, monsieur, and we impose no more on your goodness.
tell mewhere and when we can cross the meuse, and the best route to takesubsequently.
sink or swim, i, at any rate, must endeavour to reachengland, and mademoiselle is equally resolved to make the attempt."
"i don't blame you," came the sorrowful reply.
"this is going to be along war.
twenty years of deadly preparation are bearing fruit.
i amsick with anxiety.
but i dare not loiter in this neighbourhood, so, asto your affair, my advice is that you cross the meuse to-morrow in broaddaylight.
the bridge is repaired, and no very strict watch is kept.
make for nivelles, enghien, and oudenarde.
the belgians hold theantwerp-gand-roulers line, but are being driven back daily.
i havebeen thinking of you.
if you delay longer you will--at the best--beimprisoned in belgium for many months.
are you determined?"
"do you want money?"
"we have plenty."
"farewell, then, and may god protect you!"
"is there no chance of nearing the british force?"
was dalroy's finaland almost despairing question.
"not the least.
you would be following on the heels of a quick-movingand victorious army.
progress is slower toward the coast.
you have afighting chance that way, none the other.
"good-bye, best of friends!"
the sudden collapse of namur, and the consequent failure of theanglo-french army's initial scheme, had served to alter this shrewdman's opinion completely.
his confidence was gone, his nerve shaken.
thepressure of the jack-boot was heavy upon him.
dalroy was certain thathe walked away with a furtive haste, being in mortal fear lest thepeople he had helped so greatly might put forth some additional requestwhich he dared not grant.
next morning they left the priory grounds separately, and strolled intothe town, keeping some fifty yards apart.
it was only after a strugglethat jan maertz relinquished the notion of trying to see léontine beforegoing from huy, but the others convinced him that he might imperil boththe girl and their benefactors.
as matters stood, her greatest dangermust have nearly vanished by this time; it would be a lamentable thingif her lover were arrested, and it became known that he had visited thevilla.
they crossed the river on pontoons.
the germans were already rebuildingthe stone bridge.
they seemed to have men to spare for everything.
thatthe bridge was being actually rebuilt, and not made practicable bytimber-work only, impressed dalroy more forcibly than any other factgleaned during his odyssey in a belgium under german rule.
there was nothought of relinquishing the occupied territory, no hint of doubt thatit might be wrested from their clutch in the near future.
he noticedthat the post-office, the railway station, the parcels vans, even thestreet names, were germanised.
he learnt subsequently that the schoolshad been taken over by german teachers, while the mere sound of frenchin a shop or public place was scowled at if not absolutely forbidden.
there were not many troops on the roads, but crowded troop-trains passedon both sides of the meuse, and ever in the same direction.
two longhospital trains came from the south-west, and dalroy knew what _that_meant.
another long train of closed wagons, heavily laden, as a pantingengine testified, perplexed him, however.
he spoke of it to maertz, thethree being on the road in company as they climbed the hill to heron,and the carter promptly sought information from a farmer.
the man eyed them carefully.
"where are you from?"
he demanded in trueflemish.
"what has that to do with it?"
grinned maertz, in the same _patois_.
the questioner was satisfied.
he jerked a thumb toward the frenchfrontier.
"they're killing germans like flies downyonder.
they can't bury them--haven't time--so they tie the corpsestogether, slinging four on a pole for easy handling, ship them togermany, and chuck them into furnaces."
"so," guffawed maertz, "the swine know where they are going then!"
to dalroy's secret amazement, irene, who understood each word, laughedwith the others.
campaigning had not coarsened, but it had undeniablyhardened her nature.
a month ago she would have shuddered at sight ofthese dun trucks, with their ghastly freight.
now, so long as they onlycontained germans, she surveyed them with interest.
"allowing forty bodies to one wagon," she said, "there are over athousand dead men in that train alone."
the farmer spat approval.
"i've been busy, and have missed some; butthat's the tenth lot which has gone east this morning," he remarkedcheerfully.
"is the road to nivelles fairly open?"
dalroy ventured to inquire.
"one never knows.
anyhow, always give the next village as yourdestination.
if doubtful, travel by night."
this counsel was well meant.
in the silent bitterness of hours yet tocome, dalroy recalled it, and wished he had profited by it.
roughly speaking, they had set out on a fifty miles' tramp, which themen could have tackled in two days, or less.
but the presence of irenelowered the scale, and dalroy apportioned matters so that twelve milesdaily formed their programme, with, as the _entrepreneurs_ say, power toincrease or curtail.
thus, that first afternoon, the date beingseptember 2nd, they pulled up at gembloux, quite a small place, findingsupper and beds in a farm beyond the village.
next day they pushed ahead through nivelles, and entered the forest ofsoignies, that undulating woodland on which wellington depended for theprotection of a dangerous flank during the unavoidable retreat to thecoast if napoleon had beaten the british army at waterloo.
dalroy explained the iron duke's strategy to irene as they paced a roadwhich provides an ideal walking tour.
"that a general was not worth his salt who did not secure the track ofhis army if defeated was one of his fixed principles," he said.
"hewould never depart from it, and his dispositions at waterloo were basedon it.
in fact, his solicitude in that respect nearly caused a rowbetween him and blücher."
"let me see," mused the girl aloud.
"the germans have never fought thebritish in modern times until this war."
"that is correct."
"and how far away is mons?"
dalroy smiled at the thought which had evidently occurred to her.
"we are now just half-way between mons and waterloo.
each is about tenmiles distant."
"we were allied then with the belgians, germans, and russians againstthe french.
now we have joined the belgians, french, and russiansagainst the germans.
it sounds like counting in a game of cribbage.
ahundred years from to-day our combination may be with the belgians,germans, and french against the russians."
"you mustn't even hint treason against our present allies," he laughed.
"what are allies?
of what avail are treaties?
you men have mismanagedthings woefully.
it is high time women took a lead in governing."
i do verily believe you are a suffragette."
during what periods has england been greatest?
in the reigns ofelizabeth and victoria."
"why leave out poor queen anne?"
"she was a very excellent woman.
as soon as she came to the throne shedeclared her resolution 'not to follow the example of her predecessorsin making use of a few of her subjects to oppress the rest.'
the commonpeople don't err in their estimate of rulers, and they knew what theywere about in christening her 'good queen anne.'"
"now i'm sure."
"sure of what?"
"you have never told me what you were doing in berlin."
"you haven't asked me," she broke in.
"did it matter?
i----"irene's intuition warned her that this harmless chatter had swung roundwith lightning rapidity to a personal issue.
sad to relate, she had notwashed her face or hands for eleven days, so a blush told no tales; butshe interrupted again rather nervously, "what is it you are sure of?"
"you must have been a governess-companion in some german family ofposition.
i can foresee a trying future.
i must brush up my dates, orlose caste forever.
isn't there a doggerel jingle beginning:     "in fifty-five and fifty-four     came cæsar o'er to britain's shore?
"if i learn it, it may save me many a trip."
"here, you two," growled jan maertz, "talk a language a fellow canunderstand."
the road was deserted save for themselves, and the others hadunconsciously spoken english.
dalroy turned to apologise to their roughbut trusty friend, and thus missed the quizzical and affectionate glancewhich irene darted at him.
she was still smiling when next he caught hereye.
"what is it now?"
"i was thinking how difficult it is to see a wood for the trees," shereplied.
maertz took her literally.
"i'll be glad when we're in the open country again, mademoiselle," hesaid.
"i don't like this forest.
one can't guess what may be hidinground the corner."
yet they stopped that night at brainé le comte, and crossed enghien nextday without incident.
it is a pity that such a glorious ramble should bedescribed so baldly.
in happier times, when robert louis stevenson tookthat blithe journey through the cevennes with a donkey, a similarexcursion produced a book which will be read when the german madnesshas long been relegated to a detested oblivion.
but uhlan pickets and"square-head" sentries supply wretched sign-posts in a land of romance,and the wanderers were now in a region where each kilomètre had to besurveyed with caution.
maertz owned an aunt in every village, and careful inquiry had, ofcourse, located one of these numerous relatives in lierde, a hamlet onthe grammont-gand road.
oudenarde was strongly held by the enemy, butthe roads leading to gand were the scene of magnificent exploits by thearmoured cars of the belgian army.
certain belgian motorists had becomenational heroes during the past fortnight.
an innkeeper in grammont toldwith bated breath how one famous driver, helped by a machine-gun crew,was accounting for scores of marauding cavalrymen.
"the english andfrench are beaten, but our fellows are holding them," he said with afine air.
"when you boys get through you'll enjoy life.
my nephew, whoused to be a great _chasseur_, says there is no sport like chasingmounted boches."
this frank recognition of dalroy as one of the innumerable youngbelgians then engaged in crossing the enemy's lines in order to servewith their brothers was an unwitting compliment to a student who hadpicked up the colloquial phrases and walloon words in maertz's uncouthspeech.
a man who looked like an unkempt peasant should speak like one,and dalroy was an apt scholar.
he never trod on doubtful ground.
strangers regarded him as a taciturn person, solely because of thislinguistic restraint.
maertz made nearly all inquiries, and never erredin selecting an informant.
the truth was that german spies were rare inthis district.
they were common as crows in the cities, and on thefrontiers of belgium and france, but rural brabant harboured few, andthat simple fact accounts for the comparatively slow progress of theinvaders as they neared the coast.
it was at a place called oombergen, midway between oudenarde and alost,that the fugitives met the death's-head hussars.
and with thatill-omened crew came the great adventure.
had dalroy followed his own plans, supported as they were by thewell-meant advice tendered by the farmer of the meuse valley, he mighthave led his companions through the final barrier without incurring anyrisk at all comparable with the hair's-breadth escapes of visé,argenteau, andenne, and huy.
but the weather broke.
rain fell in torrents, and irene's presence was areal deterrent to spending a night in a ditch or lurking in the depthsof a wood till dawn.
maertz, too, jubilant in the certainty that thebelgian outposts were hardly six miles distant, advocated the boldpolicy of a daylight march.
still, there was no excuse for dalroy, whoknew that patrols in an enemy's country are content to stand fast bynight, and scout during the day.
unluckily, irene was eager as theirbelgian friend to rush the last stage.
she was infected by the prevalentspirit of the people.
throughout the whole of september these valiantfolk in the real flanders held the germans rather cheap.
they did notrealise that outpost affairs are not battles--that a cavalry screen, asits very name implies, is actually of more value in cloaking movementsof armies in rear than in reconnoitring.
be that as it may, in the late afternoon of 5th september the three werehurrying past some lounging troopers who had taken shelter from thepouring rain in the spacious doorway of a ruined barn, when one mancalled to them, "hi!
where are you off to?"
they pretended not to hear, whereupon a bullet passed through dalroy'ssmock between arm and ribs.
it was useless to think of bolting from cavalry.
they turned at once,hoping that a bold front might serve.
this occurred a mile or more fromoombergen.
maertz had "an aunt" in oosterzeele, the next village, andsaid so.
"if she's anything like you, you're welcome to her; but let's have alook at your cousin," grinned the german, striding forward, carbine inhand, and grasping irene by the shoulder.
"you stop here, _fräulein_--or, is it _frau_?"
he said, with a vilelysuggestive leer.
"anyhow, it doesn't matter.
if one of these pig-headsis your husband we can soon make you a widow."
now to irene every german soldier was a boor, with a boor's vices andlimitations.
the man, a corporal, spoke and acted coarsely, using the_argot_ of the barrack-room, and she was far too frightened to see inhis satyr-like features a certain intellectuality.
so, in her distress,she blundered twice.
"leave me alone!"
she said shrilly, trying in voice and manner to copyléontine joos.
"now don't be coy, pretty one," chuckled the trooper, beginning to urgeher forcibly in the direction of the barn.
dalroy and jan maertz had remained stock-still when the hussar came up.
suddenly the belgian sheered off, and ran like a hare into the densewood surrounding the small cleared space in which stood the barn.
thebuilding had evidently been meant to house stock only.
there was nodwelling attached.
it had served, too, as a rallying-point during somerecent scrimmage.
the outer walls were chipped with bullets; the doorshad been torn off and burnt; it was typical of belgium under germanrule--a husk given fictitious life by the conqueror's horses and men.
irene had seen jan make off, while dalroy lurched slowly nearer.
shecould not hear the fierce whisper which bade their sturdy ally bolt forthe trees, and, if he got away, implore a strong belgian patrol to cometo the rescue.
but she knew that _some_ daring expedient had beendevised on the spur of the moment, and gathered all her resources for aneffort to gain time.
the corporal heard jan break into a run.
letting go the girl, he swungon his heel and raised the carbine.
dalroy had foreseen that this might happen.
with a calm courage that wassuperb because of its apparent lack of thought, he had placed himself inthe direct line of fire.
standing with his hands in his pockets andlaughing loudly, he first glanced over his shoulder at the vanishingmaertz, and then guffawed into the hussar's face.
"he's done a bunk!"
he cried cheerfully.
"you said he might go, _herrunteroffizier_, so he hopped it without even saying '_auf wiedersehn_.'"
meanwhile, as he was steadily masking the german's aim, he might havebeen shot without warning.
but the ready comment baffled the other for afew precious seconds, and the men in the barn helped unconsciously bychaffing their comrade.
"you've got your hands full with the girl, franz," said one.
"what's she like?"
"i can only see a pair of slim anklesand a dirty face."
"that's all you _will_ see, georg," said franz, believing that a scaredbelgian peasant had merely bolted in panic.
"this little bit is mine bythe laws of war.--here, you," he added, surveying dalroy quite amicably,"be off to your aunt!
you'll probably be shot at oosterzeele; but that'syour affair, not mine."
"you don't know my aunt," said dalroy.
"i'd sooner face a regiment ofsoldiers than stand her tongue if i go home without her niece."
if he hoped to placate this swaggering scoundrel by a display ofgood-humour he failed lamentably.
an ugly glint shone in the man's eyes,and he handled the carbine again threateningly.
"to hell with you and your aunt!"
"perhaps you don't knowit, you flemish fool, but you're a german now and must obey orders.
cutafter your pal before i count three, or i'll put daylight through you!
one, two----"then the hapless irene committed a second and fatal error, though it waspardonable in the frenzy of a tragic dilemma, since the next momentmight see her lover ruthlessly murdered.
to lump all german soldiersinto one category was a bad mistake; it was far worse to change heraccent from the crude speech of the province of liège to thehigh-sounding periods of berlin society.
"how dare you threaten unoffending people in this way?"
"i demand that you send for an officer, and i ask the othermen of your regiment to bear witness we have done nothing whatsoever towarrant your brutal behaviour."
the hussar stood as though he, and not dalroy, had been silenced by abullet.
he listened to the girl's outburst with an expression of blankamazement, which soon gave place to a sinister smile.
"_gnädiges fräulein_," he answered, springing to "attention," andaffecting a conscience-stricken tone, "i cry your pardon.
but is it notyour own fault?
why should such a charming young lady masquerade as abelgian peasant?"
on hearing the man speak as a well-educated berliner, irene becamedeathly white under the tan and grime of so many days and nights ofexposure.
she nearly fainted, and might have fallen had not dalroycaught her.
even then, when their position was all but hopeless, he madeone last attempt to throw dust in the crafty eyes which were nowpiercing both irene and himself with the baneful glare of a tiger aboutto spring.
"my cousin has been a governess in berlin," he said deferentially.
"sheisn't afraid of soldiers as a rule, but you have nearly frightened herto death."
their captor still examined them in a way that chilled even theenglishman's dauntless heart.
he was summing them up, much as adetective might scan the features of a pair of half-recognised criminalsto whom he could not altogether allot their proper places in the rogues'gallery.
"you see, she's ill," urged dalroy.
"mayn't we go?
my aunt keeps adecent cellar.
i'll come back with some good wine."
never relaxing that glowering scrutiny, the corporal shouted suddenly,"come here, georg!"
the man thus hailed by name strode forward.
with him came three others,irene's fluent german and the parade attitude assumed by franz havingaroused their curiosity.
"you used to have a good memory for descriptions of 'wanteds,' georg.
can you recall the names and appearance of the english captain and thegirl there was such a fuss about at argenteau a month ago?"
georg, a strongly-built, rather jovial-looking hanoverian, grinned.
"better than leaving things to guess-work, i have it in my pocket," hesaid.
"i copied it at the _kommandantur_.
a thousand marks are worth apencilled note, my boy.
halves, if these are they!"
dalroy knew then that he, and possibly irene, were doomed.
a strugglewas impossible.
franz's reference to oosterzeele being in germanoccupation forbade the least hope of succour by a belgian force.
therewas a hundred to one chance that irene's life might be spared, and heresolved to take it.
it was pitiful to feel the girl trembling, and hegave her arm an encouraging squeeze.
georg was fumbling in the breast of his tunic, when he seemed to realisethat it was raining heavily.
"why the devil stand out here if we're going to hold a court ofinquiry?"
evidently, the iron discipline of the german armywas somewhat relaxed in the death's-head hussars.
"go to the barn," commanded franz.
"and, mind, you pig of an englishman,no talking till you're spoken to!"
dalroy wondered why the man allowed him to assist irene; but suchpassing thoughts were as straws in a whirlwind.
he bent his wits to theone problem.
he was lost.
could he save her?
heaven alone would decide.
a poor mortal might only pray for guidance as to the right course.
inside the tumbledown barn the light was bad, so the prisoners werehalted in the doorway, and a score of troopers gathered around.
theywere not, on the whole, a ruffianly set.
every man bore the stamp of atrained soldier; the device of a skull and cross-bones worked in whitebraid on their hussar caps gave them an imposing and martial aspect.
"here you are!"
announced the burly georg, producing a frayed sheet ofpaper.
"let's see--there's six of 'em.
henri joos, miller, agedsixty-five, five feet three inches.
elizabeth joos, his wife, agedforty-five.
léontine joos, daughter, aged nineteen, plump, good-looking,black eyes and hair, clear complexion, red cheeks.
jan maertz, carter,aged twenty-six, height five feet eight inches, a walloon, stronglybuilt.
arthur dalroy, captain in british army, about six feet in height,of athletic physique, blue eyes, brown hair, very good teeth, regularfeatures.
an english girl, name unknown, aged about twenty, verygood-looking, and of elegant appearance and carriage.
eyes believedbrown, and hair dark brown.
fairly tall and slight, but well-formed.
these latter (the english) speak german and french.
the girl, inparticular, uses good german fluently."
ejaculated franz, imitating the snapping of a pair ofhandcuffs.
"shave that fellow, and rig out the lady in her ordinarytogs, and you've got them to the dots on the i's.
who are the first twofor patrol?"
a couple of men answered.
"sorry, boys," went on franz briskly, "but you must hoof it tooosterzeele, and lay jan maertz by the heels.
you saw him, i suppose?
you may even pick him up on the road.
if you do, bring him backhere.--georg, ride into oombergen, show an officer that extract from theargenteau notice, and get hold of a transport.
these prisoners are ofthe utmost importance."
irene, who lost no syllable of this direful investigation, had recoveredher self-control.
she turned to dalroy.
her eyes were shining with thelight which, in a woman, could have only one meaning.
"forgive me, dear!"
"i fear i am to blame.
i was selfish.
i might have saved _you_----""no, no, none of that!"
interrupted the corporal.
"you go inside,_fräulein_.
you can sit on a broken ladder near the door.
the horseswon't hurt you.--as for you, mr. captain, you're a slippery fellow, sowe'll hobble you."
dalroy knew it was useless to do other than fall in with the ordersgiven.
he did not try to answer irene, but merely looked at her andsmiled.
was ever smile more eloquent?
it was at once a message ofundying love and farewell.
possibly, he might never see her again.
butthe bitterness of approaching death, enhanced as it was by the knowledgethat he should not have allowed himself to drift blindly into this opennet, was assuaged in one vital particular.
the woman he loved wasabsolutely safe now from a set of licentious brutes.
she might be givenlife and liberty.
when brought before some responsible military court hewould tell the plain truth, suppressing only such facts as would tend toincriminate their good friends in verviers and huy.
not even a board ofgerman officers could find the girl guilty of killing busch and hiscompanions, and this, he imagined, was the active cause of the hue andcry raised by the authorities.
how determined the hunt had been wasshown by the changed demeanour of the corporal.
the man was almostoppressed by the magnitude of the capture.
dalroy was convinced that itwas not the monetary reward which affected him.
probably this youngnon-commissioned officer saw certain promotion ahead, and that, to agerman, is an all-sufficing inducement.
the prisoner's hands were tied behind his back, and the same rope wasadjusted around waist and ankles in such wise that movement was limitedto moderately short steps.
but herr franz did not hurt him needlessly.
rather was he bent on taking care of him.
throwing a cavalry cloak overthe englishman's shoulders, he said, "you can squat against the wall andkeep out of the rain, if you wish."
dalroy obeyed without a word.
he felt inexplicably weary.
in thatunhappy hour body and soul alike were crushed.
but the cloud liftedsoon.
his spirit was the spirit of the immortals; it raised itself outof the slough of despond.
the day was closing in rapidly; lowering clouds and steady rainconspired to rob the sun of some part of his prerogatives.
at seveno'clock it would be dark, whereas the almanac fixed the close of day ateight.
it was then about half-past six.
resolutely casting off the torpor which had benumbed his brain afterparting from the woman he loved, dalroy looked about him.
the hussars,some twenty all told, reduced now to seventeen, since the messengers hadridden off without delay, were gathered in a knot around the corporal.
some of their horses were tethered in the barn, others were picketedoutside.
scraps of talk reached him.
"this will be a plume in your cap, franz."
"a thousand marks, picked up in a filthy hole like this!
_almächtig!_""what are they?
"didn't you hear?
they stabbed major busch with a stable fork.
jolly oldbusch--one of the best!"
"and bayoneted two officers of the westphalian commissariat, wounding athird."
was there a fight?"
"some of the fellows said busch and the others must have been drunk."
i was drunk every day then."
a burst of laughter.
"_ach, was!_ what's the good of having been drunk so long ago?
thereisn't a bottle of wine now within five miles."
"tell us then, _herr kaporal_, do we remain here till dawn?"
dalroy grew faintly interested.
it was absurd to harbour the slightestexpectation of jan maertz bringing succour, but one might at leastanalyse the position, though the only visible road led straight to afiring-party.
"those were our orders," answered franz.
"things may be altered now.
youfellows haven't grasped the real value of this cop.
it wasn't stated onthe notice, but somebody of much more importance than any ordinaryofficer was interested in the girl being caught--she far more than theman."
a peasant like that!"
"you silly ass, she's no peasant.
that's the worst of living in asuburb.
you acquire no standard of comparison."
these men were berliners, and were amused by a sly dig at some localitywhich, like koepenick, offered a butt for german humour.
isn't that a car?"
there was silence.
the thrumming of a powerful automobile could be heardthrough the patter of the rain.
a few troopers went to the picketed horses.
the others lined up.
a closed motor-car arrived.
its brillianthead-lights proclaimed the certain fact that the presence of belgiantroops in that locality was not feared.
dalroy recognised this at once,and forthwith dismissed from his mind the last shred of hope.
the chauffeur was a soldier.
by his side sat the usual armed escort.
georg galloped up.
oombergen was only a mile and a half distant, and theroad through the wood was in such a condition that the car was compelledto travel slowly.
a cloaked staff-officer alighted.
the hussars stood stiff as so manyramrods.
the new-comer took their salute punctiliously, but his tone inaddressing the corporal was far from gracious.
"what's this unlikely tale you've sent in to headquarters?"
"i don't think i'm mistaken, _herr hauptmann_," was the answer.
"i'vegot that english captain and the lady wanted at visé.
they'vepractically admitted it."
"where are they?"
"the man is sitting there against the wall.
the lady is in thebarn.--stand up, prisoner!"
franz snatched away the cloak.
dalroy rose to his feet.
he was smilingat the ruthlessness of fate.
he was still smiling when captain vonhalwig, of the prussian imperial guard, flashed an electric torch in hisface.
it was unnecessary, perhaps, to render thus easy the task ofrecognition.
but what did it matter?
that lynx of a corporal was sure ofhis ground, and would refuse to be gainsaid even by a staff-officer anda guardsman.
von halwig's astonishment seemed to choke back any display of wrath.
"then it is really you?"
he said quietly in english.
"yes," replied dalroy.
the torch was switched off.
dalroy's eyes were momentarily blinded bythe glare, but he heard an ugly chuckle.
"where is the female prisoner?"
said von halwig, with a formality thatwas as perplexing as his subdued manner.
"here, _herr hauptmann_."
the two entered the barn.
so far as dalroy could judge, no word wasspoken.
the torch flared again, remained lighted a full half-minute, andwas extinguished.
von halwig reappeared, seemed to ponder matters, and turned to thecorporal.
"put the woman in my car," he said.
"fall in your men, and be ready toescort me back to the village.
you've done a good day's work, corporal."
"two men have gone in pursuit of jan maertz, sir."
they'll have sense enough to come on to headquarters ifthey catch him.
how is this englishman secured?"
the jubilant franz explained.
"mount him on one of your horses.
the trooper can squeeze in in front ofthe car.
has the female prisoner a dagger or a pistol?"
"i have not searched her, _herr hauptmann_."
"make sure, but offer no violence or discourtesy.
no, leave this fellowhere at present.
i want a few words with him in private.
assemble yourmen around the car, and take the woman there now."
irene was led out.
she paused in the doorway, and the corporal thoughtshe did not know what she was wanted for.
"you are to be conveyed in the automobile, _fräulein_," he said.
but she was looking for dalroy in the gloom.
before anyone couldinterfere, she ran and threw her arms around him, kissing him on thelips.
"good-bye, my dear one!"
she wailed in a heart-broken way.
"we may notmeet again on this earth, but i am yours to all eternity."
"with these words in my ears i shall die happy," said dalroy.
herembrace thrilled him with a strange ecstasy, yet the pain of thatparting was worse than death.
were ever lovers' vows plighted in suchconditions in the history of this gray old world?
franz seized the girl's arm.
she knew it would be undignified to resist.
kissing dalroy again, she whispered a last choking farewell, andsuffered her guide to take her where he willed.
she walked withstumbling feet.
her eyes were dimmed with tears; but, sustained by thepride of her race, she refused to sob, and bit her lower lip indauntless resolve not to yield.
the rain was beating down now in heavy gusts.
von halwig, if he had noconcern for the comfort of the troopers, had a good deal for his own.
"damn the weather!"
"come into the bar.
you can walk, isuppose?"
he turned on the torch, which was controlled by a sliding button, andsaw how the prisoner was secured.
then he flashed the light into theinterior of the barn.
it was a ramshackle place at the best, and lookedpeculiarly forlorn after the rummaging it had undergone since the fight,a recent picket having evidently torn down stalls and mangers to providematerials for a fire.
part of a long sloping ladder had been consumedfor that purpose, so that an open trap-door in the boarded floor of anupper storey was inaccessible.
the barn itself was unusually lofty,running to a height of twenty feet or more.
there were no windows.
somerats, tempted out already by the oats spilled from the horses'nose-bags, scuttled away from the light.
through the trap-door the noiseof the rain pounding on a shingle roof came with a curious hollowness.
von halwig did not extinguish the lamp, but tucked it under his leftarm.
he lighted a cigarette.
with each movement of his body the beam oflight shifted.
now it played on the wall, against which dalroy leaned,because the cramped state of his arms was already becoming irksome; nowit shone through the doorway, forming a sort of luminous blur in therain, now it dwelt on the englishman, standing there in his worn blouse,baggy breeches, and sabots, an old flannel shirt open at the neck, and amonth's growth of beard on cheeks and chin.
the hat which irene made funof had been tilted at a rakish angle when the corporal removed thecloak.
certainly he was changed in essentials since he and the guardsmanlast met face to face on the platform at aix-la-chapelle.
but the eyes were unalterable.
they were still resolute, and strangelycalm, because he had nerved himself not to flinch before this struttingpopinjay.
"you wonder why i have brought you in here, eh?"
began von halwig, inenglish.
"perhaps to gloat over me," was the quiet reply.
is it necessary?
at aix i was excited.
the day had come.
the day ofwhich we germans have dreamed for many a year.
i am young, but i havealready won promotion.
i belong to an irresistible army.
war steadies aman.
but when we reach oombergen you will be paraded before a crusty oldgeneral, and even i, von halwig of the staff, and a friend of theemperor, may not converse with a spy and a murderer.
so we shall have alittle chat now.
what say you?"
"it all depends what you wish to talk about."
"about you and her ladyship, of course."
"may i ask whom you mean by 'her ladyship'?"
"isn't that correct english?"
"it can be, if applied to a lady of title.
but when used with referencepresumably to a young lady who is a governess, it sounds like clumsysarcasm."
"governess the devil!
with whom, then, have you been roaming belgium?"
"miss irene beresford, of course."
"you're not a fool, captain dalroy.
do you honestly tell me you don't_know_?"
"that the girl you brought from berlin is lady irene beresford, daughterof the earl of glastonbury."
there was a moment of intense silence.
in some ways it was immaterial todalroy what social position had been filled by the woman he loved.
but,in others, the discovery that irene was actually the aristocrat shelooked was a very vital and serious thing.
it made clear the meaning ofcertain references to distinguished people, both in germany and inengland, which had puzzled him at times.
transcending all else inimportance, it might even safeguard her from german malevolence, sincethe teuton pays an absurd homage to mere rank.
"i did not know," he said, and his voice was not so thoroughly undercontrol as he desired.
von halwig laughed loudly.
"_almächtig!_" he spluttered, "our smartcorporal of hussars seems to have spoiled a romance.
what a pity!
you'llbe shot before midnight, my gallant captain, but the lady will be sentto berlin with the utmost care.
even i, who have an educated taste inthe female line, daren't wink at her.
has she never told you why shebolted in such a hurry?"
"never hinted that a royal prince was wild about her?"
"well, you have my word for it.
_himmel!_ women are queer."
"she has suffered much to escape from your royal prince."
"she'll be returned to him now, slightly soiled, but nearly as good asnew."
"i wish my hands were not tied."
"oh, no heroics, please.
we have no time for nonsense of that sort.
isthe light irritating you?
i'll put it here."
von halwig stooped, and placed the torch on the broken ladder.
itsradiance illumined an oval of the rough, square stones with which thebarn was paved.
thenceforth, the vivid glare remained stationary.
thetwo men, facing each other at a distance of about six feet, were inshadow.
they could see each other quite well, however, in the dimborrowed light, and the guardsman flicked the ash from his cigarette.
"you're english, i'm german," he said.
"we represent the positive andnegative poles of thought.
if it hurts your feelings that i should speakof lady irene, let's forget her.
what i really want to ask you isthis--why has england been so mad as to fight germany?"
the question struck dalroy as so bizarre--in the conditions soludicrous--that, despite the cold fury evoked by von halwig's innuendoeswith regard to irene, he nearly laughed.
"i am in no mood to discuss international politics," he answered curtly.
the other, who seemed to have his temper well under control, merelynodded.
indeed, he was obviously, if unconsciously, modelling hisbehaviour on that of his prisoner.
"i only imagined that you might be interested in hearing what's going tohappen to your damned country," he said.
"i know already.
she will emerge from this struggle greater, morerenowned, more invincible than ever."
"_dummes zeug!_ all rubbish!
that's your house of commons and music-hallpatter, meant to tickle the ears of the british working-man.
england isgoing to be wiped off the map.
we're obliterating her now.
you've beenin belgium a month, and must have seen things which your stupid johnbulls at home can't even comprehend, which they never will comprehendtill too late."
he paused, awaiting a reply perhaps.
"it's rough luck that you, a soldier like myself, may not share in thegame, even on the losing side," went on von halwig.
"but you would be aparticularly dangerous sort of spy if you contrived to reach england,especially with the information i'm now going to give you.
you can'tpossibly escape, of course.
you will be executed, not as a spy, but as amurderer.
you left a rather heavy mark on us.
two soldiers in a hut nearvisé, three officers and a private in the mill, five soldiers in thewood at argenteau----""you flatter me," put in dalroy.
"i may have shot one fellow in thewood, a real spy, named schwartz.
but that is all.
your men killed oneanother there."
"the credit was given to you," was the dry retort.
"but--_es ist mirganz einerlei_--what does it matter?
you're an intelligent englishman,and that is why i am taking the trouble to tell you exactly why greatbritain will soon be little britain.
understand, i'm supplying facts,not war bulletins.
on land you're beaten already.
our armies are nearparis.
german cavalry entered chantilly to-day.
your men made a greatstand, and fought a four days' rearguard action which will figure in thetext-books for the next fifty years.
but the french are broken, theenglish expeditionary force nearly destroyed.
the french government hasdeserted paris for bordeaux.
and, excuse me if i laugh, lord kitchenerhas asked for a hundred thousand more men!"
"he will get five millions if he needs them."
von halwig swept the retort aside with an impatient flourish.
i'll prove it to you.
turkey is joining us.
bulgaria will come in when wanted.
greece won't lift a finger in thebalkans, and a great army of turks led by germans will march on egypt.
south africa will rise in rebellion.
ireland is quiet for the time, butwho knows what will happen when she sees england on her knees?
italy issitting on the fence.
the united states are snivelling, but germaninfluence is too strong out there to permit of active interference.
and,in any event, what can america do except look on, shivering at theprospect of her own turn coming next?
russia is making a stir in eastprussia and along the austrian frontier, so poor old england ischortling because the slav is fighting her battles.
it is to laugh.
we'll pen the bear long before he becomes dangerous.
i am not boasting,my friend.
why should _i_, captain von halwig of the imperial guard, bemessing about in a wretched flemish village when our men are about tostorm paris in the west and tackle russia in the east?
i'mhere because i know england so well.
my job is to help in organising theinvading force which will gather at calais.
that amuses you, doesit?
the british fleet is the obstacle, eh?
seriously now, do youregard us germans as idiots?
no; i'm sure you don't.
thesefellows in parliament _don't_ know.
i assure you, on my honour, ourgeneral staff is confident that a german army will land on britishsoil--in britain itself i mean--before christmas."
the speaker interrupted this flood of dire prophecy in order to light afresh cigarette.
then clasping his hands behind his back, and struttingwith feet well apart, he said quite affably, "why don't you put aquestion or two?
if you believe i'm reciting a fairy tale, say so, andpoint out the stupidities."
now, dalroy had not been "amused" by the statement that the germansmight occupy calais.
he had already discounted even worse reverses aslying well within the bounds of possibility.
he was certain, too, thatthe prussian was saying that which he really believed.
but his nerves ofsteel were undoubtedly tried almost beyond endurance at the instant vonhalwig noticed the involuntary movement which elicited that uninvitedcomment on the british fleet.
as the word "calais" quitted the guardsman's lips, a rope, with a nooseat the end, dropped with swift stealth through the open trap-door.
itsdescent was checked when the noose dangled slightly higher than hishead, and whoever was manipulating it began at once to swing it slowlyforward and backward.
von halwig stood some six or seven feet nearer thewall than the point which the rope would have touched if lowered to thefloor, so the objective aimed at by that pendulum action was notdifficult to grasp, being nothing else than his speedy and noiselessextinction by hanging.
it is an oft-repeated though far-fetched assertion that a drowning manreviews the whole of his life during the few seconds which separate thelast conscious struggle from complete anæsthesia.
that may or may not betrue, but dalroy now experienced a brain-storm not lacking many of theessentials of some such mental kinema.
think what that swinging rope, with its unseen human agency, meant to acaptive in his hapless position!
it was simply incredible that one manalone would attempt so daring an expedient.
not only, then, were anumber of plucky and resourceful allies concealed in the loft, but theymust have been hidden there before the detachment of death's-headhussars occupied the barn beneath.
therefore, they knew the enemy'sstrength, yet were not afraid.
that they were ready-witted was shown bythe method evolved for the suppression of that blatant teuton, vonhalwig.
it was evident, too, that they had intended to lie _perdu_ tillthe cavalry were gone, but had been moved to action by a desire torescue the bound englishman who was being twitted so outrageously onhis own and his country's supposed misfortunes.
who could they be?
werethey armed, and sufficiently numerous to rout the germans?
in any event,how could they deliver an effective attack?
he, dalroy, took it forgranted that the imminent strangulation of the guardsman, if successful,was but the prelude to a sharp fight, since von halwig's death, thoughsupremely dramatic as an isolated incident, would neither benefit theprisoners nor conduce to the well-being of the people in the loft.
how,then, did they purpose dealing with a score of trained soldiers, whomust already be fidgeting in the rain, and whose leader, the corporal,might look in at any moment to ascertain what was delaying the youngstaff captain.
discipline was all very well, but these hussars belongedto a crack regiment, and their colonel would resent strongly theneedless exposure of his men and horses to inclement weather.
moreover,how easy it was for the corporal to convey a polite hint to von halwigby asking if the chauffeur should not turn the car in readiness for hisdeparture!
all this, and more, cascaded through dalroy's brain while his enemy waslighting the second cigarette.
he was in the plight of a shipwreckedsailor clinging to a sinking craft, who saw a lifeboat approaching, yetdared neither look at nor signal to it.
he must bend all his energiesnow to the task of keeping von halwig occupied.
what would happen whenthe noose coiled around the orator's neck?
would it tighten withsufficient rapidity to choke a cry for help?
would it fall awkwardly,and warn him?
were any of the troopers so placed that they could seeinto that section of the barn, and thus witness their officer'sextraordinary predicament?
who could tell?
how might a man form any sortof opinion as to the yea or nay of a juggler's feat which savoured ofblack magic?
dalroy gave up the effort to guess what the next half-minute might bringforth.
those mysterious beings up there needed the best help he couldoffer, and his powers in that respect were strictly limited to twochannels--he must egg on the talker--he must not watch that rope.
"i am ready to admit germany's strength on land," he said, resolutelyfixing his eyes on an iron cross attached to the prussian's tunic abovethe top button.
"that is a reasonable claim.
how futile otherwise wouldhave been your twenty years of preparation for this very war!
but mymind is far too dense to understand how you can disregard the englishchannel."
"the _english_ channel!"
scoffed von halwig.
"the impudence of you_verdammt_----no, it's foolish to lose one's temper.
well, i'll explain.
the really important part of the _english_ channel is about to becomegerman.
for a little time we leave you the surface, but germany willown the rest.
your navy is about to receive a horrible surprise.
we'vecaught you napping.
while britain was ruling the sea we germans havebeen experimenting with it.
our visible fleet is good, but not goodenough, so we allowed your naval superiority to keep you quiet until wehad perfected our invisible fleet.
we are ready now.
we possess threesubmarines to your one; and can build more, and bigger, and betterunder-sea boats than you.
do you realise what that means?
already wehave sunk four of your best cruisers, and they never saw the vessel thatdestroyed them.
we are playing havoc with your mercantile marine.
britain is girdled with mines and torpedoes.
no ship can enter or leaveany of your ports without incurring the almost unavoidable risk of----"a rat scampered across one of the speaker's feet, and startled him.
he swore, dropped the cigarette, and lighted another, the third.
likeevery junior officer of the german _corps d'élite_, he had sedulouslycopied the manners and bearing of the commissioned ranks in the britisharmy.
but your true german is neurotic; the rat had scratched theveneer.
meanwhile the rope rose quickly half-way to the trap-door; itfell again when von halwig donned the prophet's mantle once more.
"we can not only ruin and starve you," he said exultantly, "but we haveguns which will beat a way for our troops from calais to dover againstall the ships you dare mass in those waters.
we have you bested in everyway.
each german company takes the field with more machine-guns than abritish regiment.
we have high explosives you never heard of.
while youwere playing polo and golf our chemists were busy in theirlaboratories."
his voice rose as he reeled off this litany of war.
his perfect commandof english was not proof against the guttural clank and crash ofgerman.
he became a veritable german talking english, rather than anaccomplished linguist using a foreign tongue.
oddly enough, his nexttirade showed that he was half-aware of the change.
"old england isdone, captain dalroy," he chanted.
"young germany is about to take herplace.
the world must learn to speak german, not english.
six monthsfrom now i'll begin to forget your makeshift language.
six months fromnow the german eagle will flaunt in the breeze as securely in london asit flies to-day in berlin and brussels, and, it may be, in paris.
if i'mlucky, and get through the war----_gott in himm_----"with a sudden vicious swoop the noose settled on von halwig's shoulders,and was jerked taut.
a master-hand made that cast.
no american cowboyever placed lasso more neatly on the horns of unruly steer.
at oneinstant the rope was swinging back and forth noiselessly; at thenext, rising under the impetus of a gentle flick, it whirled over theprussian's head and tightened around his neck.
he tore madly at it withboth hands, but was already lifted off his feet, and in process of beinghauled upward with an almost incredible rapidity.
there was a momentarydelay when his head reached the level of the trap-door; but dalroydistinctly saw two hands grasp the struggling arms and heave theguardsman's long body out of sight.
an astounding feature of this tragic episode was the absence of anyoutcry on the victim's part.
he uttered no sound other than a stifledgurgle after that half-completed exclamation was stilled.
possibly, hisdazed wits concentrated on the one frantic endeavour--to get rid of thathorrible choking thing which had clutched at him from out of thesurrounding obscurity.
and now a thick knotted rope plumped down until its end lay on thefloor, and a rough-looking fellow, clothed like maertz or dalroyhimself, descended with the ease and agility of a monkey.
he was justthe kind of shaggy goblin one might expect to emerge from any suchhiding-place; but he carried a slung rifle, and the bewildered prisoner,taking a few steps forward to greet his rescuer, realised that theweapon was a lee-enfield of the latest british army pattern.
"'arf a mo', sir," gurgled the new-comer in a husky and cheerfulwhisper.
"i'll 'old the rope till the next of ahr little knot 'asshinned dahn.
then i'll cut yer loose, an' we'll get the wind upahtside.
didjever 'ear such a gas-bag as that bloomin' jarman?
lord luv'a duck, 'e couldn't 'arf tork!
but shiney black, one of ahrs, 'as justshoved a bynit through 'is gizzard, so _that_ cock won't crow agine!"
dalroy owned only a reader's knowledge of colloquial cockney.
heinferred, rather than actually understood, that several british soldierswere secreted in the loft, and that one of them, named "shiney black,"had closed von halwig's career in the twinkling of an eye.
by this time another man had reached the ground.
he seized the rope andsteadied it, and a third appeared.
the first gnome whipped out a knife,freed dalroy, unslung his rifle, and picked up the electric torch, whichhe held so that its beam filled the doorway.
man after man came down.
each was armed with a regulation rifle; dalroy, for once throwncompletely off his balance, became dimly aware that in every instancethe equipment included bayonet, bandolier, and haversack.
the cohort formed up, too, as though they had rehearsed the procedure inthe gymnasium at aldershot.
there was no muttered order, no uncertainty.
rifles were unslung, bayonets fixed, and safety catches turned oversoundlessly.
conquering his blank amazement as best he could, dalroy inquired of thefirst sprite how many the party consisted of, all told.
"twelve an' the corp'ral, sir," came the prompt answer.
"the luckythirteen we calls ahrselves.
an' we wanted a bit o' luck ter leg it allthe w'y from monze to this 'ole.
not that we 'adn't ter kill any gord'squantity o' yewlans when they troied ter be funny, an' stop us----here'sthe corp'ral, sir."
dalroy was confronted by a clear-eyed man, whose square-shoulderederectness was not concealed by the unkempt clothes of a belgian peasant.
carrying the rifle at "the slope," and bringing his right hand smartlyacross to the small of the butt, the leader of this lost legionannounced himself.
"corporal bates, sir, a company, 2nd battalion of the buffs.
that germanofficer made out, sir, that you were in our army."
"yes, i am captain dalroy, of the 2nd bengal lancers."
corporal bates became, if possible, even more clear-eyed.
"stationed where last year, sir?"
"at lucknow, with your own battalion."
"well, i'm--beg pardon, sir, but are you the lieutenant dalroy who rodethe winner of the civil service cup?"
"yes, the maharajah of chutneypore's diwan."
you understand, sir, i _had_ to ask.
will you takecommand, sir?"
"no indeed, corporal.
i shall only humbly advise.
but we must rescue thelady."
"i heard and saw all that passed, sir.
the germans are mounted.
thelady's in the car.
we were watching through a hole in the roof.
the lastman remained there so as to warn us if any of 'em came this way.
as youknow their lingo, sir, i recommend that when we creep out you tell 'emto dismount.
they'll do it like a shot.
then we'll rush 'em.
here's theofficer's pistol.
_you_ might take care of the shuffer and the chap byhis side."
just one suggestion.
let half of your men stealround to the rear, whether or not the troopers dismount.
they should beheaded off from oombergen, the village near here, where they have twosquadrons."
"right, sir.--smithy, take the left half-section, and cut off theretreat on the left.--ready, sir?--douse that glim!"
out went the torch.
fourteen shadows flitted forth into the darkness andrain.
the car, with its staring head-lights, was drawn up about thirtyyards away, and somewhat to the left.
on both sides and in rear weregrouped the hussars, men and horses looming up in spectral shapes.
theraindrops shone like tiny shafts of polished steel in the two cones ofradiance cast by the acetylene lamps.
dalroy, miraculously become a soldier again, saw instantly that thetroopers were cloaked, and their carbines in the buckets.
he waited afew seconds while "smithy" and his band crept swiftly along the wall ofthe barn.
then, copying to the best of his ability the shrill yell of agerman officer giving a command, he shouted, "squad--dismount!"
he was obeyed with a clatter of accoutrements.
he ran forward.
notknowing the "system" perfected by the "lucky thirteen," he looked for anirregular volley at close range, throwing the hussars into inextricableconfusion.
but not a rifle was fired until some seconds after he himselfhad shot and killed or seriously wounded the chauffeur and the escort.
for all that, thirteen hussars were already out of action.
the men whohad crossed belgium from mons had learnt to depend on the bayonet, whichnever missed, and was silent and efficacious.
the affair seemed to end ere it had well begun.
only two trooperssucceeded in mounting their plunging horses, and they, finding the roadto oombergen barred, tried to bolt westward, whereupon they were bowledover like rabbits.
their terrified chargers, after scampering wildly afew paces, trotted back to the others.
not one of the twenty got away.
hampered by their heavy cloaks, and taken completely by surprise, thehussars offered hardly any resistance, but fell cursing and howling.
asfor the pair seated in front of the car, they never knew why or howdeath came.
"now, then, smithy, show a light!"
shouted corporal bates.
thereyou are, sir!
i meant to make sure of _this_ chap.
i got him straightoff."
the torch revealed corporal franz stretched on his back, and frothingblood, bates's bayonet having pierced his lungs.
it were better for theshrewd berliner if his wits had been duller and his mind cleaner.
notsoldierly zeal but a gross animalism led him in the first instance tomake a really important arrest.
his ghoulish intent was requited now infull measure, and the life wheezed out of him speedily as he lay therequivering in the gloom and mire of that rain-swept woodland road.
seldom, even when successfully ambushed, has any small detachment oftroops been destroyed so quickly and thoroughly.
this killing was almostan artistic triumph.
"if there is, the blighters oughter be court-mawshalled," chirped smith.
a momentary shuffling of grotesque forms, and a deep voice boomed,"half-time score--england twenty, germany _nil_."
"left section--look 'em over, and carry any wounded men likely tolive into the barn," said the corporal.
"give 'em first aid an'water-bottles.
step lively too!
right section--hold the horses."
this leader and his men were as skilled in the business of slaying anenemy as robin hood and his band of poachers in the taking of the king'svenison.
dalroy knew they needed no guidance from him.
he opened thedoor of the car.
she was sitting there, a forlorn figure huddled up in a corner.
thewindows were closed.
each sheet of glass was so blurred by the swirlingrain that she could not possibly make out the actual cause of theexternal hubbub.
after the hard schooling of the past month sherealised, of course, that a rescue was being attempted.
naturally, too,she put it down to the escape of maertz.
although her heart wasthrumming wildly, her soul on fire with a hope almost dangerous in itsfrenzy, she resolved not to stir from her prison until the one man shelonged to see again in this world came to free her.
yet when she heard his voice the tension snapped so suddenly that therewas peril in the other extreme.
she sat so still that dalroy said asecond time, with a curious sharpness of tone, "irene!"
"yes, dear," she contrived to murmur hoarsely.
"it's all over.
a squad of british soldiers dropped from the skies.
every german is laid out, von halwig with the rest."
is he dead?"
"i am glad.
arthur, they have not wounded you?"
"not a scratch."
"we must see to him.
will you come out?
never mind the rain."
ah, dear god, that i should feel the blessed rain beating onmy face once more in liberty!"
she gave him her hand, and they stood for a moment, peering deep intoeach other's eyes.
"arthur," she said, so quietly now that the storm seemed to have passedfrom her spirit, "you have work to do.
i shall not keep you.
tell mewhere to wait, and there you shall find me.
but, before you go, promiseme one thing.
if we fall again into the hands of the germans, shoot mebefore i become their prisoner."
"no need to talk of that," he soothed her.
"we have a splendid escort.
in two hours----"she caught him by both shoulders.
"you _must_ promise," she cried vehemently.
he was startled by the vibrant passion in her voice.
he began thento understand the real horrors of irene's vigil, whether in therat-infested darkness of the barn or the cushioned luxury of thelimousine.
"yes," he muttered savagely, "i promise."
taking her by the arm, he led her to the front of the car, where,clearly visible herself, she would see little if aught of the shamblesin rear.
corporal bates hurried up.
"her ladyship all right, sir?"
he inquired briskly.
"yes," replied dalroy, conscious of a slight tremulousness in the armhe was holding.
corporal bates, though in all probability he had never even heard ofbacon's somewhat trite aphorism, was essentially an "exact" man.
henever erred as to distinctions of rank or title.
his salute was thepride of the buffs.
blithely regardless of the fact that not more thanfive minutes earlier captain dalroy had confessed himself ignorant oflady irene beresford's actual social status, he alluded to her"correctly."
"i think, sir," he rattled on, "that we ought to be moving.
it's quitedark now, an' we have our route marked out."
"we've been directed by a priest, sir.
the belgian priests have done usa treat.
in every village they showed us the safest roads.
even whenthey couldn't make us understand their lingo they could always pencil amap."
do you follow the road to oosterzeele?"
"for about a mile, sir.
then we branch off into a lane leading west tothe river schelde, which we cross by a ferry.
once past that ferry, an'there's no more germans."
have you searched the enemy for papers?"
we're stuffed with note-books an' other little souveeners."
"do your men ride?"
"some of 'em, sir, but they'll foot it, if you don't mind.
they hatekilling horses, so we turn 'em loose generally.
this lot should be tiedup."
"what of the car?"
"smithy will attend to that with a bomb, sir."
bates evidently knew his business, so evidently that dalroy did not evenquestion him as to the true inwardness of smithy's attentions.
the squad cleared up their tasks with an extraordinary celerity.
smithycrawled under the automobile with the flashlight, remained there exactlythirty seconds, and reappeared.
the corporal saluted.
"we're ready now, sir," he said.
"perhaps her ladyship will march withyou behind the centre file?"
"do you head the column?"
"then, for a little way, we'll accompany you.
there were three in ourparty, corporal.
one, a belgian named jan maertz, risked death to getaway and bring help.
i'm afraid he has been captured on the oosterzeeleroad by two hussars detailed for the job.
so, you see, i must try andsave him."
"that's awkward, sir," said the corporal, as the detachment moved offinto the night, leaving the motor-car's acetylene lamps still blazingmerrily.
"because, when we fellows met in a wood near monze, we agreed that we'dstick together, and fight to a finish; but if any man strayed byaccident, or got hit so badly that he couldn't march, he took hischances, and the rest went on."
how does that affect the present situation?"
"well, sir," said bates, after a pause, "there's you an' the lady.
ourchaps are interested, if i may say it.
you ought to have heard theirlangwidge, even in whispers, when that--well, i can't call him anythingmuch worse than what he was, a german officer--when he was telling youoff, sir."
"what did the german officer say, sergeant?"
put in irene innocently.
"corporal, your ladyship.
corporal bates, of the 2nd buffs."
"i'm sorry to have to interrupt," said dalroy.
"you must give lady irenea full account some other time.
if you are planning to cross theschelde to-night there is a long march before you.
we part company atthe lane you spoke of.
i leave her ladyship in the care of you and yourmen with the greatest confidence.
i make for oosterzeele.
if jan maertzis a prisoner, i must do what lies in my power to rescue him.
if i fail,i'll follow on and report at gand in the morning."
for a little while none spoke.
the other men marched in silence, asafeguard which they had made a rigid rule while piercing their way bynight through an unknown country held by an enemy who would not havegiven quarter to any english soldier.
bates was really a very sharp fellow.
he had sense enough to know thathe had said enough already.
dalroy's use of irene's title conveyed ahint of complications rather beyond the ken of one whose acquaintancewith the facts was limited to an overheard conversation betweenstrangers.
moreover, soldier that he was, the corporal realised that oneof his own officers was not only deliberately risking his life in orderto save that of a belgian peasant, but felt in honour bound to do noless.
so irene was left to tread the narrow path unaided.
to her lastingcredit, she neither flinched nor faltered.
"we may find it difficult to reach gand, so i'll wait for you in ostend,arthur," she said composedly.
now, these two young people had just been snatched from death, or worse,in a manner which, a few weeks earlier, the least critical reader ofromantic fiction would have denounced as so wildly improbable thatimagination boggled at it.
irene, too, had unmistakably told the man whohad never uttered a word of the love that was consuming him that neitherrank nor wealth could interpose any barrier between them.
it was hard,almost unbearable, that they should be parted in the very hour whenfreedom might truly come with the dawn.
dalroy trudged a good twenty paces before he dared trust his voice.
eventhen, he blurted out, not the measured agreement which his braindictated, but a prayer from his very heart.
"may god bless and guardyou, dear!"
was what he said, and irene's response was choked by apitiful little sob.
suddenly dalroy, whose hearing was quickened by the training of indian_shikar_, touched the corporal's arm, and stood fast.
bates gave apeculiar click in his throat, and the squad halted, each man's feetremaining in whatever position they happened to be at the moment.
"horses coming this way," breathed dalroy.
this'll be your two, with jan wot's-his-name, i hope.
leavethem to us, sir.--smithy, macdonald, and shiner--forward!"
three shapes materialised close to the trio in front.
the rain was stillpelting down, and the trees nearly met overhead, so the road wasdiscernible only by a strip of skyline, itself merely a less denseblackness.
"them two yewlans," explained the corporal, "probably bringing aprisoner.
mind you don't hurt him."
no more explicit instructions were given or needed.
of such materialwere the first hundred thousand.
"take her ladyship back a few yards, sir," gurgled bates.
"the horsesmay bolt.
if they do we must stop 'em before they gallop over us."
every other consideration was banished instantly by the thrill ofapproaching combat.
by this time, dalroy was steeped in admiration forhis escort's methods, and he awaited developments now with keenprofessional curiosity.
and this is what he saw, after a breathlessinterval.
a flash in the gloom, and the vague silhouettes of two hussarson horseback.
one horse reared, the other swerved.
one man never spoke.
the other rapped out an oath which merged into a frantic squeal.
by anodd trick of memory, dalroy recalled old joos's description of the deathof busch: "he squealed like a pig."
then came a cockney voice, "cheer-o, mitey!
we're friends, ammies!
damnit all, you ain't tikin' us for boshes, are yer?"
"_hola!_ jan maertz!"
"_monsieur!_"irene laughed--yes, laughed, though two men had died before hereyes!--at the amazement conveyed by the walloon's gruff yelp.
"don't be alarmed!
these are friends, british soldiers," went on dalroy.
"i thought they were devils from hell," was the candid answer.
jan was unquestionably frightened.
for one thing, his hands were tiedbehind his back, and he was being led by a halter fashioned out of aheel-rope, a plight in which the chevalier bayard himself might havequaked.
for another, he had been plodding along at the side of one ofthe horses, thinking bitterly of the fair léontine, whose buxom waist hewould never squeeze again, when a beam of dazzling light revealed acrouching, nondescript being which flung itself upward in a panther-likespring, and buried a bayonet to the socket in the body of the nearesttrooper.
no wonder jan was scared.
the soldiers had caught both horses.
dalroy, a cavalryman, had abandonedthe earlier remounts with a twinge of regret.
he thought now there wasno reason why he and irene should not ride, as the day's tramp, not tospeak of the strain of the past hour, might prove a drawback beforemorning.
"can you sit a horse astride?"
he asked her.
"i prefer it," she said promptly.
bates offered no objection, as long as they followed in rear.
thehussar's cloaks came in useful, and dalroy buckled on a sword-belt.
janannounced that he was good for another twenty miles provided he couldwin clear of those _sales alboches_.
he was eager to relate hisadventures, but dalroy quieted him by the downright statement that ifhis tongue wagged he might soon be either a prisoner again or dead.
a night so rife with hazard could hardly close tamely.
the rain clearedoff, and the stars came out ere they reached the ferry on the schelde,and a scout sent ahead came back with the disquieting news that a strongcavalry picket, evidently on the alert, held the right bank.
but thethirteen had made a specialty of disposing of german pickets in thedark.
in those early days of the war, and particularly in flanders,teuton nerves were notoriously jumpy, so the little band crept forwardresolutely, dodging from tree to tree, and into and out of ditches,until they could see the stars reflected in the river.
dalroy and irenehad dismounted at the first tidings of the enemy, turning a pair ofcontented horses into a meadow.
they and maertz, of course, had to keepwell behind the main body.
the troopers, veritable uhlans this time, had posted neither sentry norvedette in the lane.
behind them, they thought, lay germany.
in front,across the river, the small army of belgium held the last strip ofbelgian territory, which then ran in an irregular line from antwerpthrough gand to nieuport.
so the picket watched the black smudge of theopposite bank, and talked of the kron-prinz's stalwarts hacking theirway into paris, and never dreamed of being assailed from the rear, untila number of sturdy demons pounced on them, and did some prettybayonet-work.
fight there was none.
those uhlans able to run ran for their lives.
onefellow, who happened to be mounted, clapped spurs to his charger, andwould have got away had not dalroy delivered a most satisfactory lungewith the hussar sabre.
no sooner had bates collected and counted sixteen people than thetactics were changed.
five rounds rapid rattled up the road and alongthe banks.
"i find that a bit of noise always helps after we get the windup withthe bayonet, sir," he explained to dalroy.
"if any of 'em think ofstopping they move on again when they hear a hefty row."
a belgian picket, guarding the ferry, and, what was of vast importanceto the fugitives, the ferry-boat, wondered, no doubt, what was causingsuch a commotion among the enemy.
luckily, the officer in chargerecognised a new ring in the rifles.
he could not identify it, but wascertain it came from neither a belgian nor a german weapon.
thus, in a sense, he was prepared for jan maertz's hail, and was evenmore reassured by irene's clear voice urging him to send the boat.
two volunteers manned the oars.
in a couple of minutes the unwieldycraft bumped into a pontoon, and was soon crowded with passengers.
neverwas sweeter music in the ears of a little company of britons than theplacid lap of the current, followed by the sharp challenge of a sentry:"_qui va là?_""a party of english soldiers, a belgian, and an english lady," answereddalroy.
an officer hurried forward.
he dared not use a light, and, in thesemi-obscurity of the river bank, found himself confronted by asinister-looking crew.
he was cautious, and exceedingly sceptical whentold briefly the exact truth.
his demand that all arms and ammunitionshould be surrendered before he would agree to send them under escort tothe village of aspen was met by a blank refusal from bates and hismyrmidons.
dalroy toned down this cartel into a graceful plea thatthirteen soldiers, belonging to eight different regiments of the britisharmy, ought not to be disarmed by their gallant belgian allies, afterhaving fought all the way from mons to the schelde.
irene joined in, but jan maertz's rugged speech probably carried greaterconviction.
after a prolonged argument, which the infuriated germansmight easily have interrupted by close-range volleys, the difficulty wasadjusted by the unfixing of bayonets and the slinging of rifles.
astrong guard took them to aspen, where they arrived about eleveno'clock.
they were marshalled in the kitchen of a comfortable inn, andinterviewed by a colonel and a major.
oddly enough, corporal bates was the first to gain credence by producinghis map, and describing the villages he and his mates had passedthrough, the woods in which they hid for days together, and the curéswho had helped them.
bates's story was an epic in itself.
his mencrowded around, and grinned approvingly when he rounded off each curtaccount of a "scrap" by saying, "then the yewlans did a bunk, an' wepushed on."
dalroy, acting as interpreter, happened to glance at the circle ofcheerful faces during a burst of merriment aroused by a reference tosmithy's ingenuity in stealing a box of hand grenades from an ammunitionwagon, and destroying a general's motor-car by fixing an infernalmachine in the gear-box.
the mere cranking-up of the engine, itappeared, exploded the detonator.
"is that what you were doing under the car outside the barn?"
heinquired, catching smithy's eye.
i've on'y one left aht o' six," said smithy, producing anominous-looking object from a pocket.
"is the detonator in position?"
"will you kindly take it out, and lay it gently on the table?"
smithy obeyed, with reassuring deftness.
dalroy was about to comment on the phenomenal risk of carrying such adestructive bomb so carelessly when he happened to notice the rollcollar of a khaki tunic beneath smithy's blue linen blouse.
"have you still retained part of your uniform?"
"oh, yus, sir.
we all 'ave.
we weren't goin' to strip fer fear of anybally germans--beg pawdon, miss--an' if it kime to a reel show-dahn wemeant ter see it through in reggelation kit."
every man of twelve had retained his tunic, trousers, and puttees, whichwere completely covered by the loose-fitting garments supplied by thepriest of a hamlet near louvignies, who concealed them in a loft duringfour days until the mass of german troops had surged over the frenchfrontier.
the thirteenth, a highlander, actually wore his kilt!
the belgian officers grew enthused.
they insisted on providing a _vind'honneur_, which irene escaped by pleading utter fatigue, and retiringto rest.
dalroy opened his eyes next morning on a bright and sunlit world.
itmight reasonably be expected that his thoughts would dwell on theastounding incidents of the past month.
they did nothing of the sort.
hetumbled out of a comfortable bed, interviewed the proprietor of the"_trois couronnes_," and asked that worthy man if he understood thesignificance of a bank of england five-pound note.
during his many andvaried 'scapes, dalroy's store of money, carried in an inner pocket ofhis waistcoat, had never been touched.
_monsieur le patron_ knew allthat was necessary about five-pound notes.
very quickly a serviceablecloth suit, a pair of boots, some clean linen, a tin bath, and a razorwere staged in the bedroom, while the proprietor's wife was instructedto attend to mademoiselle's requirements.
dalroy was shaving, for the first time in thirty-three days, when voicesreached him through the open window.
smithy had cornered shiney black in the hotel yard, and, in his ownphrase, was puttin' 'im through the 'oop.
"you don't know it, shiney, but you're reely a verdamd henglishman," hesaid, with an accurate reproduction of von halwig's manner if not hisaccent.
"the grite german nytion is abart ter roll yer in the mud, an'wipe its big feet on yer tummy.
you've awsked fer it long enough, an'nah yer goin' ter git it in the neck.
blood an' sausage!
the cheek o' asilly little josser like you tellin' the lord-'igh-cock-a-doodle-doothat 'e can't boss everybody as 'e dam well likes!
shiney, you're donein!
the keyser sez so, an' 'e ought ter know.
that shows yermiserable hignorance!
the keyser sez so, i tell yer, so none o' yer lip,or i, von schmit, o' the dirty 'alf-hundredth, will biff you on theboko.
i must keep me 'air on.
as you an' hevery hother verdamdhenglishman will be snuffed aht before closin'-time, i shall grashiouslytell thee wot's wot an' 'oo's 'oo.
germany, the friend o' peace--no, youblighter, not chawlie peace, the burglar, but the lydy in a nightie, wiva dove in one 'and an' a holive-branch in the other--germany will wideknee-deep in belgian an' french ber-lud so as to 'and you the doublenelson.
by land an' sea an' pawcels post she'll rine fire an' brimstoneon your pore thick 'ead.
what 'ave _you_ done, you'd like ter know?
wot_'aven't_ you done?
aren't you alive?
wot crime can ekal that when thekeyser said, 'puff!
_ach_, pig-dorg, i shpit onyer!"
"you go an' wash yer fice once more, smithy," said shiney, forcing aword in edgeways.
"it'll improve your looks, per'aps.
"that's done it," yelped smithy, warming to his theme.
"that's just yernarsty, scoffin' british w'y o' speakin' to quiet, respectable germans.
that's wot gets us mad.
i'm surprised at yer, shiney!
yer hattitudebrings tears to me heyes.
time an' agine you've 'eard ahr bee-utifullangwidge----""i 'ave, indeed," interrupted shiney.
"but none o' it 'ere, me lad.
there's a reel born lydy in one o' them bedrooms."
"i'm not torkin' o' the kind of tosh _you_ hunderstand," retortedsmithy.
"i'm alludin' to the sweet-sahndin' langwidge o' our conquerors.
you've 'eard it hoffen enuf from the sorft mowves o' yewlans.
on'y larstnight you 'eard it spoke by that stawr hactor, von 'allwig, of thepotsdam busters.
yet you can git nothink orf yer chest but a low-dahncockney wheeze w'en a benefactor's givin' yer the strite tip.
ye think yer goin' back to hengland, 'ome, an' beauty--to thebarrick-square, bully-beef an' booze, an' plenty o' it.
wot you're in fer is a dose o' german _kultur_.
w'en yer ship'sbeen torpedoed fourteen times between hostend an' dover, w'en yersarth-eastern trine 'as bumped inter a biker's dozen o' different sortso' mines, w'en you're zepped the minnit you crorse the strend to thenearest pub, you'll begin ter twig wot the hemperor of all the 'uns isackshally a-doin' of.
it's hall hup wiv yer, shiney!
you've ether gotter lie dahn an' doi, er learn german.
nah, w'ich is it ter be?
go westwiv yer benighted country, or go nap on the keyser?"
"torkin' o' pubs reminds me," yawned shiney.
"i couldn't get anyforrarder on that ginger-pop the belgian horficers gev us.
in one o'them yewlans' pawket-books there was five french quid.
wot abart abottle o' beer?"
"what abart it?"
agreed smithy instantly.
the soap was drying on dalroy's face, but he thrust his head out of thewindow to look at two of britain's first line swaggering through thegateway of the inn, and whistling, "it's a long, long way to tipperary."
smith and shiney were true types of the somewhat cynical but everready-witted and laughter-loving londoner, who makes such a first-ratefighting man.
they were just a couple of ordinary "tommies."
the deadlyfury of mons, the daily and nightly peril of the march through a landstricken by a brutal enemy, the score of little battles which theyhad conducted with an amazing skill and hardihood--these phases ofimmortality troubled them not at all.
an eye-rolling and sabre-rattlingemperor might rock the social foundations of half the world, hisbraggart henchmen destroy that which they could never rebuild,his frantic gang of poets and professors indite hymns of hate andblasphemous catch-words like "gott strafe england"; but the smithiesand shinies of the british army would never fail to cock a humorouseye at the vapourers, and say sarcastically, "well, an' wot abart it?"
*       *       *       *       *somehow, on 7th september 1914, there was a hitch in the naval programmedevised by the _deutscher marineamt_.
the belgian packet-boat, _princessclementine_, steamed from ostend to dover through a smiling sea unvexedby krupp or any other form of _kultur_.
warships, big and little, werethere in squadrons; but gaunt super-dreadnought and perky destroyeralike was aggressively british.
england, too, looked strangely unperturbed.
there had been sad scenes onthe quay at the belgian port, but a policeman on duty at the shore endof the gangway at dover seemed to indicate by a majestic calm that anyperson causing an uproar would be given the alternative of paying tenshillings and costs or "doing" seven days.
the boat was crowded with refugees; but dalroy, knowing the wilinessof stewards, had experienced slight difficulty in securing two chairsalready loaded with portmanteaus and wraps.
he heard then, for the firsttime, why irene fled so precipitately from berlin.
she was a guestin the house of a minister of state, and one of the hohenzollernprincelings came there to luncheon on that fateful monday, 3rd august.
he had invited himself, though he must have been aware that his presencewas an insult and an annoyance to the english girl, whom he had pesteredwith his attentions many times already.
he was excited, drank heavily,and talked much.
irene had arranged to travel home next day, but thewholly unforeseen and swift developments in international affairs, noless than the thinly-veiled threats of a royal admirer, alarmed her intoan immediate departure.
at the twelfth hour she found that her host,father of two girls of her own age--the school friends, in fact, to whomshe was returning a visit--was actually in league with her persecutor tokeep her in berlin.
she ran in panic, her one thought being to join her sister in brussels,and reach home.
"so you see, dear," she said, with one of those delightfully shy glanceswhich dalroy loved to provoke, "i was quite as much sought after as you,and i would certainly have been stopped on the dutch frontier had itravelled by any other train."
the two were packed into a carriage filled to excess.
they had noluggage other than a small parcel apiece, containing certain articles ofclothing which might fetch sixpence in a rag-shop, but were of great andlasting value to the present owners.
at charing cross, while they were walking side by side down theplatform, irene shrieked, "there they are!"
she darted forward and flungherself into the arms of two elderly people, a brother in khaki, withthe badges of a guard regiment, and a sister of the flapper order.
dalroy had been told at dover to report at once to the war office, as hecarried much valuable information in his head and von halwig'swell-filled note-book in his pocket.
he hung back while the embracingwas in progress.
then irene introduced him to her family.
"you'll dine with us, arthur," she said simply.
"i'll not tell them aword of our adventures till you are present."
"you could have heard a pin drop," was the excited comment of theflapper sister when endeavouring subsequently to thrill another girlwith the sensation created by irene's quiet words.
literally, this tropewas not accurate, because the station was noisier than usual.
figuratively, it met the case exactly.
lady glastonbury, a gray-haired woman with wise eyes, promptly emulatedthe action of the british army during the retreat from mons, and "savedthe situation."
"of course you'll stay with us, too, captain dalroy," she said withpleasant insistence.
"like irene, you must have lost everything, andneed time to refit."
dalroy murmured some platitude, lifted his hat, and only regained hiscomposure after two narrow escapes from being run over by taxis whilecrossing northumberland avenue.
a newsboy tore past, shouting in the vernacular, "great stand by sirjohn french."
dalroy was reminded of smithy, and shiney, and corporal bates.
he sawagain jan maertz waving a farewell from the quai at ostend.
he wonderedhow old joos was faring, and léontine, and monsieur pochard, and thecuré of verviers.
another boy scampered by.
he carried a contents bill.
heavy black typeannounced that the british were "holding" von kluck on the marne.
dalroy's eyes kindled.
_his_ work lay _there_.
when the soldier's taskwas ended he would come back to irene.
after a few delightful days in london, dalroy walked down whitehall onefine morning to call at the war office for orders.
irene went with him.
he expected to be packed off to france that very evening, so the twomeant making the utmost of the fast-speeding hours.
the intelligencedepartment had assimilated all the information dalroy could give, hadfound it good, and had complimented him.
as a bengal lancer, whoseregiment was presumably in india, he would probably be attached to somecavalry unit of the expeditionary force; from being an hunted outlaw,with a price on his head, he would be quietly absorbed by the militarymachine.
very smart he looked in his khaki and brown leather; irene, whoone short week earlier deemed _sabots en cuir_ the height of luxury, wasdressed _de rigueur_ for luncheon at the savoy.
many eyes followed them as they crossed trafalgar square and dodged thetraffic flowing around the base of king charles's statue.
an alertrecruiting-sergeant, clinching the argument, pointed out the tall,well-groomed officer to a lanky youth whose soul was almost afire withmartial decision.
"there y'are," he said, with emphatic thumb-jerk, "that's wot thebritish army will make of you in a couple of months.
an' just twig thesort o' girl you can sort out of the bunch.
cock yer eye at _that_, willyou?"
thus, all unconsciously, irene started the great adventure for one ofkitchener's first half-million.
she was not kept waiting many minutes in an ante-room.
dalroyreappeared, smiling mysteriously, yet, as irene quickly saw, not quiteso content with life as when he entered those magic portals, wherein aman wrestles with an algebraical formula before he finds the departmenthe wants.
"well," she inquired, "having picked your brains, are they going tocourt-martial you for being absent without leave?"
"i cross to-night," he said, leading her toward the horse guards'parade.
"it's belgium, not france.
i'm on the staff.
my appointment willappear in the gazette to-morrow.
that's fine, but i'd rather----"irene stopped, almost in the middle of the road.
"and you'll wear a cap with a red band and a golden lion, and thoseducky little red tabs on the collar!
come at once, and buy them!
irefuse to lunch with you otherwise."
"a man must not wear the staff insignia until he is gazetted," hereminded her.
she was pathetically disappointed.
"but, in my case," he went on, "i am specifically ordered to travel instaff uniform, so, as i leave london at seven o'clock----""you can certainly lunch in all your glory," she vowed.
"there's anempty taxi!"
of course, it was pleasant to be on the staff, and thus become even moreadmired by irene, if there is a degree surpassing that which is alreadysuperlative; but the fly in the ointment of dalroy's new career lay inthe fact that the battle of the aisne was just beginning, and everybritish heart throbbed with the hope that the teuton hordes might bechased back to the frontier as speedily as they had rushed on paris.
dalroy himself, an experienced soldier, though he had watched those grimcolumns pouring through the valley of the meuse, yielded momentarily tothe vision splendid.
he longed to be there, taking part in the drive.
instead, he was being sent to belgium, some shrewd head in the waroffice having decided that his linguistic powers, joined to a recentfirst-hand knowledge of local conditions, would be far more profitablyemployed in flanders than as a squadron leader in france.
thus, when that day of mellow autumn had sped all too swiftly, and hehad said his last good-bye to irene, it was to dover he went, beingferried thence to ostend in a destroyer.
in those early weeks of the war all england was agog with the beliefthat antwerp would prove a rankling thorn in the ribs of the germans,while men in high places cherished the delusion that a flank attack waspossible along the ostend-bruges-brussels line.
but dalroy was an eminently sane person.
two hours of clear thinking inthe train re-established his poise.
when the lieutenant-commander incharge of the destroyer took him below in mid-channel for a smoke and adrink, and the talk turned on strategy, the soldier dispelled analluring mirage with a breath of common sense.
"the scheme is nothing short of rank lunacy," he said.
"we haven't themen, france can spare none of hers, and belgium must be crushed when thebig battalions meet.
germany has at least three millions in the fieldalready.
paris has been saved by a miracle.
by some other miracle we maycheck the on-rush in france, but, if we start dividing our forces, evenheaven won't help us."
"surely you'll admit that we should strengthen the defence of antwerp?"
argued the sailor.
"i think it impracticable.
liège only held out until the new siegehowitzers arrived.
namur fell at once.
why should we expect antwerp tobe impregnable?"
the navy deemed the army pessimistic, but, exactly a month later, thelieutenant-commander remembered that conversation, and remarked to afriend that about the middle of september he took to ostend "a chap onthe staff who seemed to know a bit."
it is now a matter of historical fact when von kluck and sir john frenchbegan their famous race to the north, the belgian army only escaped fromantwerp by the skin of its teeth.
the city itself was occupied by thegermans on october 9th, bruges was entered on the 13th, von bessler'sarmy reached the coast on the 15th, and the british and belgians wereattacked on the line of the yser next day.
thus, fate decreed that dalroy should witness the beginning and the endof germany's shameless outrage on a peaceful and peace-loving country.
on august 2nd, 1914, king albert ruled over the most prosperous andcontented small kingdom in europe.
within eleven weeks he had become, asemile cammaerts finely puts it, "lord of a hundred fields and a fewspires."
though dalroy should live far beyond the alloted span of man's life, hewill never forget the strain, the misery, the sheer hopelessness of thesecond month he spent in belgium.
the climax came when he found himselfliterally overwhelmed by the host of refugees, wounded men, andscattered military units which sought succour in, and, as the iron ringof _kultur_ drew close, transport from ostend.
with the retreat of the belgian army towards dunkirk, and the return toengland of such portion of the ill-fated naval division as was notinterned in holland, his military duties ceased.
in his own and thecountry's interests he ought to have made certain of a berth on the lastpassenger steamer to leave ostend for england.
he, at least, could havedone so, though there were sixty thousand frenzied people crowding thequays, and hundreds, if not thousands, of comparatively wealthy menoffering fabulous sums for the use of any type of vessel which wouldtake them and their families to safety.
but, at the eleventh hour, dalroy heard that a british red crosshospital party, which had extricated itself from the clutch of themailéd fist, was even then _en route_ from bruges to ostend by way ofzeebrugge.
knowing they would be in dire need of help, he resolved tostay, though his action was quixotic, since no mercy would be shown himif he fell into the hands of the germans.
he took one precaution,therefore.
some service rendered to a tradesman had enabled him to buy areliable and speedy motor bicycle, on which, as a last resource, hemight scurry to dunkirk.
his field service baggage was reposing in asmall hotel near the harbour.
for all he can tell, it is reposing thereyet; he never saw it again after he leaped into the saddle of the ariel,and sped through the cobbled streets which led to the north road alongthe coast.
the hour was then about six o'clock on the evening ofoctober 13th.
a belgian staff officer had assured him that the germans could notpossibly occupy ostend until late next day.
the belgian army, thoughhopelessly outnumbered, had never been either disorganised noroutmanoeuvred.
the retreat to the yser, if swift, was orderly, and therearguard could be trusted to follow its time-table.
hence, before it was dark, dalroy determined to cover the sixteen milesto zeebrugge.
the hospital, which was convoying british and belgianwounded, would travel thence by the quaint steam-tramway which links upthe towns on the littoral.
it might experience almost insuperabledifficulties at zeebrugge or ostend, and he was one of the few aware ofthe actual time-limit at disposal, while a field hospital bereft oftransport is a peculiarly impotent organisation.
road and rail ran almost parallel among the sand dunes.
at variouscrossings he could ascertain whether or not any train had passedrecently in the direction of ostend, thus making assurance doubly sure,though the station-master at the town terminus was positive that thenext tram would not arrive until half-past seven.
dalroy meantintercepting that tram at blankenberge.
naturally, the train was late in reaching the latter place, but the onlypracticable course was to wait there, rather than risk missing it.
acrowd of terrified people gathered around the calm-eyed, quiet-manneredbriton, and appealed for advice.
they imposed a crueldilemma.
on the one hand, it was monstrous to send a whole communityflying for their lives along the ostend road; on the other, he hadwitnessed the fate of visé and huy.
yet, by remaining in their homes,they had some prospect of life and ultimate liberty, while their lotwould be far worse the instant they were plunged into the panic andmiseries of ostend.
so he comforted the unhappy folk as best he might,though his heart was wrung with pity at sight of the common faithin the red cross brassard.
men, women, and children wore the badgeindiscriminately.
they regarded it as a shield against the uhlan'slance!
most fortunately for that strip of belgium, the policy of"frightfulness" was moderated once the country was overrun.
so far aslocal occurrences have been permitted to become known, the coast townshave been spared the fate of those in the interior.
to dalroy's great relief, the incoming tram from zeebrugge brought thebritish hospital.
there were four doctors, eight nurses, and fifty-threewounded men, including a sergeant and ten privates of the gordonhighlanders, who, like bates, smithy, and the rest, had scrambled acrossbelgium after mons.
the train offered an extraordinary spectacle.
soldiers and civilianswere packed in it and on it.
men and women sat precariously on the roofsof the ramshackle carriages, stood on the buffers and couplings, orclung to door-handles.
not even foothold was to be had for love ormoney on that train at blankenberge.
dalroy, who dared not let go his machine, contrived to get a word withthe medical officer in charge.
as ever, the briton made light of past troubles.
"we've had the time of our lives!"
was the cheery comment.
"after monswe were left in a field hospital with a mixed crowd of british, french,and germans.
of course, we looked after all alike, and that saved ourbacon, because even a german general had to try and behave decently whenhe found a thousand of his own men in our care.
so he sent us tobrussels with a safe conduct, and from brussels we were allowed to makefor ostend--had to leg it, though, the last twenty miles to the belgianoutposts.
then we refitted, and started for bruges, where we've been atwork in a convent for five weeks.
the remnant of the belgian army passedthrough bruges yesterday and the day before, so we cleared out allpossible cases, and started away with the crocks early this morning.
atthe last minute we were hustled a bit by a taube dropping bombs on thestation.
one bomb took from us a van-load of kit.
we haven't a thingexcept the stretchers and what we're wearing."
"i'll ride on now, and meet you at ostend," said dalroy.
he had not theheart to damp the spirits of the party by telling of the chaos awaitingthem.
sufficient for the next hour would be the evil thereof.
"i say, it's awfully good of you to take all this trouble," said thedoctor.
"i've lost my job with the departure of our troops, so i had to findsomething to do," smiled the other.
a fleet of belgian armoured cars cleared a road through the stream offugitives, and dalroy kept close in rear, so he made a fast returnjourney.
dashing past the town station, near which the steam-tram woulddisgorge its freight, he headed straight for the gare maritime.
it wasnow dusk, but he saw at once that the crowd besieging the entrance wasdenser and more frantic than ever, though the last steamer whosedeparture was announced officially had left early in the day.
he ascertained from a helpless policeman that the rumour had gone roundof a vessel coming in; the sullen, apathetic multitude, waiting therefor it knew not what chance of rescue, had suddenly become dangerous.
"the american consul, who has worked hard all day, has had to give itup," added the man.
"he is closing his office."
just then a harbour official, minus his cap, and with coat badly tornduring a violent passage through the mob, strode by, breathless buthurried.
dalroy recognised him, having had much business with the portauthorities during the preceding week.
"is it true that a steamer is in sight?"
"monsieur, what am i to say?"
and the accompanying gesture was eloquent.
"it is only a little cargo boat, an english coaster.
if she nears thequay there will be a riot, and perhaps thousands of lives lost.
theharbour-master has sent me to ask the mayor if he should not signal herto anchor outside until daylight."
prompt decision and steadfast action were dalroy's chief qualities.
ifluck favoured him he might set his own project on foot before themayor's messenger burked it by a civic order.
he thanked the man androde off.
happily the tram came from blankenberge without undue delay.
he had onlydismounted when the engine clanked into the station square.
already hissoldier's eye had noted that the gordons and some of the belgiansoldiers had retained their rifles and bayonets.
"get your crowd into motion at once," he said to the doctor, as soon asthe latter alighted.
"nothing you have gone through during the last twomonths will equal the excitement of the next quarter of an hour.
but, ifyour cripples can fix bayonets and show a bold front, we have a fightingchance--no more.
and unless we leave ostend before to-morrow morningit'll be a german prison for you and a firing party for me."
men who have smelt war and death, not once but many times, do nothesitate and argue when a staff officer talks in that strain.
with an almost marvellous rapidity the members of the mission and thewounded able to walk were formed up, stretchers were lifted, and themarch began.
dalroy and the doctor headed the procession with thegordons, and the mere appearance of a highlander enforces awe in anypart of europe.
dalroy explained matters as they went, and impressed on the escort theabsolute necessity of showing a determined front.
on nearing the packedmass of people clamouring outside the gare maritime he vociferated somesharp orders, the rifles came from the "slope" to the "ready," and thoseon the outskirts of the throng saw a number of war-stained kiltiesadvancing on them with threatening mien.
by some magic a way was opened out.
the vanguard knew exactly how toact, and faced about when the main gates were reached.
here there was ahitch, but a threat to fire a volley through the bars was effectual, andthe whole party got through, though even the hardened doctors lookedgrave when they heard the wail of anguish that went up from themultitude without as the gates clashed against further ingress.
of course, as might be expected, there were hundreds of influentialpeople, both british subjects and belgians, already inside.
to themdalroy gave no immediate heed.
merely requesting the doctor to keep hiscontingent together and distinct, he sought the harbour-master.
no orders had been received as yet from the mayor, and the incomingsteamer, quite a small craft, was already in the channel.
the harbour-master, a decent fellow, whose sole anxiety was to act forthe best, readily agreed to dalroy's plan, so the vessel, whose skipperhad actually brought her to ostend that evening "on spec," as he put it,was moored at a distance of some ten feet from the quay.
"how many people can you carry?"
was dalroy's first question to thecaptain.
"well, sir," came the surprising answer, "we're licensed by the board oftrade to carry forty-five passengers in summer, but, in a pinch likethis, i'll try and stow away two hundred!"
after that there was no hitch.
a gangway was fixed in position, thearmed guard were disposed around it, and the doctors and dalroy, with arepresentative of the burgomaster who arrived later, constitutedthemselves a committee of selection.
the hospital staff and theirpatients were placed on board first.
wounded soldiers picked up inostend itself were given the next claim.
then british subjects, and,finally, belgian refugees, were admitted.
it was a long and tedious yet almost heart-breaking business, but theorder of priority established a method whereby claims might be testedwith some show of equity.
at last, at some hour, none knew or caredexactly when, the steamer forged slowly out into the channel, backed,and swung, amid the shrieks and lamentations of the thousands who wereleft to the tender mercies of _kultur_.
in addition to her crew, she carried 739 passengers, mostly woundedsoldiers, women, and children!
there was no room to lie down, save in the space rigidly preserved forthe stretcher cases.
the decks, the cabins, the holds, were packed tightwith a living freight.
surely never before has vessel put to sea soloaded with human beings.
the captain decided not to attempt the crossing by night and lay to tillmorning.
the ship's boats returned to the quay, and brought off somefood and water.
meanwhile, leaders of sections were chosen, the people were instructedas to the danger of lurching, and ropes were arranged so that anyunexpected movement of the hull might be counteracted.
at eight o'clock next morning the engines were started; at ten o'clockthat night the ship was berthed at dover.
by the mercy of providence thesea remained smooth all day, though the mid-channel tidal swell causeddangerous and anxious moments.
of course, there were mine-fields to beavoided, and strong tides to be cheated, but, allowing for thesehindrances, the trip occupied fourteen hours, whereas the belgianmail-packets employed on the same journey used to adhere steadily to aschedule of three hours and three-quarters!
on the way, death took his dread toll among the wounded, but to nothinglike the extent that might well have been feared.
the bringing of thatgreat company of people from the horrors of the german occupation ofbelgium to the safe harbourage of the united kingdom was a magnificentachievement, worthy of high place in the crowded and glorious annals ofbritish seamanship.
*       *       *       *       *so irene and her true knight met once more, only to part again afterthree blissful days.
this time, dalroy went to france, and took hisplace in the fighting line.
he endured the drudgery of that first winterin the trenches, shared in the gain and loss of neuve chapelle, earnedhis majority, and seemed to lead a charmed life until a high explosiveshell burst a little too close during the second day at loos.
he was borne off the field as one nearly dead.
but his wounds wereslight, and he had only been stunned by the concussion.
by the time thisdiagnosis was confirmed, however, he was at home and enjoying six weeks'leave.
nothing very remarkable would have happened if the earl of glastonbury,an elderly but most observant peer, had not created a rare commotionone day at luncheon.
dalroy was up in town after a few days' rest at his uncle's vicarage inthe midlands; he and the younger members of the household were planninga round of theatres and suchlike dissipations, when the earl saidquietly:"you people seem to be singularly devoid of original ideas.
georgealexander, charlie hawtrey, and the latest revue star provide a sure andcertain refuge for every country cousin who comes to london for afortnight's mild dissipation."
"what do you suggest, dad?"
"why not have a war wedding?"
cried the flapper sister ecstatically.
dalroy swallowed whole some article of food, and irene blushed scarlet.
but "father" had said the thing, and "mother" had smiled, so dalroy,whose wildest dreams hitherto had dwelt on marriage at the close of thewar as a remote possibility, bestirred himself like a good soldier-man,rushing all fences at top speed.
the brother in the guards secured five days' leave, a wounded butexceedingly good-looking bengal lancer was empanelled as "best man" (tothe joy and torment of the flapper, who pined during a whole week afterhis departure), and, almost before they well knew what was happening,dalroy and his bride found themselves speeding toward devon in a finecar on their honeymoon.
"and why not?"
growled the earl, striving to comfort his wife when shewept a little at the thought that her beautiful daughter, hereldest-born, would henceforth have a nest of her own.
"dash it all,mollie, they'll only be young once, and this rotten war looks likelasting a decade!
had we searched the british isles we couldn't havefound a better mate for our girl.
he's just the sort of chap who willworship irene all his life, and he has in him the makings of a futurecommander-in-chief, or i'm a dutchman!"
as his lordship is certainly not a dutchman, but unmistakably english,aristocratic, and county, it is permissible to hope that his prophecymay be fulfilled.
let us hope, too, if dalroy ever leads the armedmanhood of britain, it will be a cohort formed to render aggressive warimpossible.
that, at least, is no idle dream.
it should be the sure andonly outcome of the world's greatest agony.
