does an evil deed cast a shadow in advance?
does premeditated crimespread a baleful aura which affects certain highly-strung temperamentsjust as the sensation of a wave of cold air rising from the spine tothe head may be a forewarning of epilepsy or hysteria?
john trenholmehad cause to think so one bright june morning in 1912, and he hasnever ceased to believe it, though the events which made him anoutstanding figure in the "strange case of mortimer fenley," as themurder of a prominent man in the city of london came to be known, havelong since been swept into oblivion by nearly five years of war.
eventhe sun became a prime agent of the occult that morning.
it found achink in a blind and threw a bar of vivid light across the face of ayoung man lying asleep in the front bedroom of the "white horse inn"at roxton.
it crept onward from a firm, well-molded chin to lips nowtight set, though not lacking signs that they would open readily in asmile and perhaps reveal two rows of strong, white, even teeth.
indeed, when that strip of sunshine touched and warmed them, thesmile came; so the sleeper was dreaming, and pleasantly.
but the earth stays not for men, no matter what their dreams.
in a fewminutes the radiant line reached the sleeper's eyes, and he awoke.
naturally, he stared straight at the disturber of his slumbers; andbeing a mere man, who emulated not the ways of eagles, was routed atthe first glance.
more than that, he was thoroughly aroused, and sprang out of bed witha celerity that would have given many another young man a headacheduring the remainder of the day.
but john trenholme, artist by profession, was somewhat of alight-hearted vagabond by instinct; if the artist was ready to beannoyed because of an imaginary loss of precious daylight, thevagabond laughed cheerily when he blinked at a clock and learned thatthe hour still lacked some minutes of half past five in the morning.
"by gad," he grinned, pulling up the blind, "i was scared stiff.
ithought the blessed alarm had missed fire, and that i had been lyinghere like a hog during the best part of the finest day england hasseen this year."
evidently he was still young enough to deal in superlatives, for therehad been other fine days that summer; moreover, in likening himself toa pig, he was ridiculously unfair to six feet of athletic symmetry inwhich it would be difficult to detect any marked resemblance to theanimal whose name is a synonym for laziness.
on the way to the bathroom he stopped to listen for sounds of anaroused household, but the inmates of the white horse inn were stilltaking life easily.
"eliza vows she can hear that alarm in her room," he communed.
"well,suppose we assist nature, always a laudable thing in itself, andpeculiarly excellent when breakfast is thereby advanced a quarter ofan hour."
eliza was the inn's stout and voluble cook-housekeeper, and her atticlay directly above trenholme's room.
he went back for the clock, creptswiftly upstairs, opened a door a few inches, and put the infernalmachine inside, close to the wall.
he was splashing in the bath when aharsh and penetrating din jarred through the house, and a slightscream showed that eliza had been duly "alarmed."
a few minutes later came a heavy thump on the bathroom door.
"all right, mr.
cried an irate female voice.
"you've beenup to your tricks, have you?
it'll be my turn when i make your coffee;i'll pepper an' salt it!"
"why, what's the matter, eliza?"
frightenin' a body like that!
i thought a lot o' suffrigetteswere smashin' the windows of the snug."
eliza was still touchy when trenholme ventured to peep into thekitchen.
"i don't know how you dare show your face," she cried wrathfully.
"theimpidence of men nowadays!
just fancy you comin' an' openin' my door!"
"but, _chérie_, what have i done?"
he inquired, his brown eyes widewith astonishment.
"i'm not your cherry, nor your peach, neither.
who put that clock inmy room?"
"what clock, _ma belle_?"
eliza picked up an egg, and bent so fiery a glance on the intruderthat he dodged out of sight for a second.
"listen, _carissima_," he pleaded, peering round the jamb of the dooragain.
"if the alarm found its way upstairs i must have been walkingin my sleep.
while you were dreaming of suffragettes i may have beendreaming of you."
"stop there a bit longer, chatterin' and callin' me names, an' yourbacon will be frizzled to a cinder," she retorted.
"but i really hoped to save you some trouble by carrying in thebreakfast tray myself.
i hate to see a jolly, good-tempered woman ofyour splendid physique working yourself to a shadow."
*       *       *       *       *eliza squared her elbows as a preliminary to another outburst, whenthe stairs creaked.
mary, the "help," was arriving hurriedly, in curlpapers.
"oh, _you_'ve condescended to get up, have you?"
was the greeting maryreceived.
"why, it's on'y ten minutes to six!"
cried the astonished girl, gazingat a grandfather's clock as if it were bewitched.
"you've never had such a shock since you were born," went on thesarcastic eliza.
"but don't thank _me_, my girl.
thank mr. trenholme,the gentleman stannin' there grinnin' like a cheshire cat.
talk to himnicely, an' p'raps he'll paint your picter, an' then your specialbutcher boy will see how beautiful you reelly are."
"jim don't need tellin' anything about that," said the girl, smiling,for eliza's bark was notoriously worse than her bite.
came the snorting comment.
"the first man who ever axed me tomarry him was called jim, an' when, like a wise woman, i said 'no,' hewent away an' 'listed in the royal artillery an' lost his leg in awar--that's what jim did."
"what a piece of luck you didn't accept him!"
put on trenholme.
"an' why, i'd like to know?"
"because he began by losing his head over you.
if a leg was missing,too, there wasn't much of jim left, was there?"
mary giggled, and eliza seized the egg again; so trenholme ran to hissitting-room.
within half an hour he was passing through the highstreet, bidding an affable "good morning" to such early risers as hemet, and evidently well content with himself and the world in general.
his artist's kit revealed his profession even to the uncritical eye,but no student of men could have failed to guess his bent were hehabited in the garb of a costermonger.
the painter and the poet arethe last of the bohemians, and john trenholme was a bohemian to thetips of his fingers.
he carried himself like a cavalier, but the divine flame of artkindled in his eye.
he had learned how to paint in julien's studio,and that same school had taught him to despise convention.
he lookedon nature as a series of exquisite pictures, and regarded men andwomen in the mass as creatures that occasionally fitted into thelandscape.
he was heart whole and fancy free.
at twenty-five he hadalready exhibited three times in the salon, and was spoken of by thecritics as a painter of much promise, which is the critical method ofwaiting to see how the cat jumps when an artist of genius andoriginality arrests attention.
he had peculiarly luminous brown eyes set well apart in a face whichwon the prompt confidence of women, children and dogs.
he wassplendidly built for an out-door life, and moved with a long, supplestride, a gait which people mistook for lounging until they walkedwith him, and found that the pace was something over four miles anhour.
add to these personal traits the fact that he had dwelt inroxton exactly two days and a half, and was already on speaking termswith most of the inhabitants, and you have a fair notion of johntrenholme's appearance and ways.
there remains but to add that he was commissioned by a magazine tovisit this old-world hertfordshire village and depict some of itsbeauties before a projected railway introduced the jerry-builder and asewerage scheme, and his presence in the white horse inn is explained.
he had sketched the straggling high street, the green, the inn itself,boasting a license six hundred years old, the undulating common, thechurch with its lych gate, the ivy-clad ruin known as "the castle,"with its square norman keep still frowning at an english countryside,and there was left only an elizabethan mansion, curiously misnamed"the towers," to be transferred to his portfolio.
here, oddly enough,he had been rebuffed.
a note to the owner, mortimer fenley, banker andsuper city man, asking permission to enter the park of an afternoon,had met with a curt refusal.
trenholme, of course, was surprised, since he was paying the man arare compliment; he had expressed in the inn his full and free opinionconcerning all money grubbers, and the fenley species thereof inparticular; whereupon the stout eliza, who classed the fenley familyas "rubbish," informed him that there was a right of way through thepark, and that from a certain point near a lake he could sketch thegrand old manor house to his heart's content, let the fenleys andtheir keepers scowl as they chose.
the village barber, too, bore out eliza's statement.
"a rare old row there was in roxton twenty year ago, when fenley fustkem here, an' tried to close the path," said the barber.
"but we beathim, we did, an' well he knows it.
not many folk use it nowadays,'coss the artful ole dodger opened a new road to the station; but someof us makes a point of strollin' that way on a sunday afternoon, justto look at the pheasants an' rabbits, an' it's a treat to see the headkeeper's face when we go through the lodge gates at the easton end,for that is the line the path takes."
here followed a detailed description, for the roxton barber, likeevery other barber, could chatter like a magpie; it was in this wisethat trenholme was able to defy the laws forbidding trespass, andscore off the seemingly uncivil owner of a historical dwelling.
he little imagined, that glorious june morning, that he was enteringon a road of strange adventure.
he had chosen an early hour purposely.
not only were the lights and shadows perfect for water color, but itwas highly probable that he would be able to come and go withoutattracting attention.
he had no wish to annoy fenley, or quarrel withthe man's myrmidons.
indeed, he would not have visited the estate atall if the magazine editor had not specially stipulated for afull-page drawing of the house.
now, all would have been well had the barber's directions proved asbald in spirit as they were in letter.
"after passin' 'the waggoner's rest,' you'll come to a pair of irongates on the right," he had said.
"on one side there's a swing gate.
go through, an' make straight for a clump of cedars on top of a littlehill.
there mayn't be much of a path, but that's it.
it's reelly ashort cut to the easton gate on the london road."
yet who could guess what a snare for an artist's feet lay in those fewwords?
how could trenholme realize that "a pair of iron gates" wouldprove to be an almost perfect example of christopher wren's genius asa designer of wrought iron?
trenholme's eyes sparkled when he beheldthis prize, with its acanthus leaves and roses beaten out withwonderful freedom and beauty of curve.
a careful drawing was theresult.
another result, uncounted by him, but of singular importancein its outcome was the delay of forty minutes thus entailed.
he crossed an undulating park, and had no difficulty in tracing analmost disused path in certain grass-grown furrows leading past thegroup of cedars.
on reaching this point he obtained a fair view of themansion; but the sun was directly behind him, as the house facedsoutheast, and he decided to encroach some few yards on privateproperty.
a brier-laden slope fell from the other side of the trees toa delightful-looking lake fed by a tiny cascade on the east side.
anideal spot, he thought.
this, then, was the stage setting: trenholme, screened by black cedarsand luxuriant brushwood, was seated about fifty feet above the levelof the lake and some forty yards from its nearest sedges.
the lakeitself, largely artificial, lay at the foot of the waterfall, whichgurgled and splashed down a miniature precipice of moss-coveredbowlders.
here and there a rock, a copper beech, a silver larch, or afew flowering shrubs cast strong shadows on the dark, pellucid mirrorbeneath.
on a cunningly contrived promontory of brown rock stood awhite marble statue of venus aphrodite, and the ripples from thecascade seemed to endow with life the shimmering reflection of thegoddess.
beyond the lake a smooth lawn, dotted with fine old oaks andchestnuts, rose gently for a quarter of a mile to the italian gardensin front of the house.
to the left, the park was bounded by woods.
tothe right was another wood, partly concealing a series of ravines anddisused quarries.
altogether a charming setting for an elizabethanmanor, pastoral, peaceful, quite english, and seeming on that placidjune morning so remote from the crowded mart that it was hard tobelieve the nearest milestone, with its "london, 30 miles."
had trenholme glanced at his watch he would have discovered that thehour was now half past seven, or nearly an hour later than he hadplanned.
but art, which is long-lived, recks little of time, anevanescent thing.
he was enthusiastic over his subject.
he would makenot one sketch, but two.
that lake, like the gates, was worthy ofimmortality.
of course, the house must come first.
he unpacked acanvas hold-all, and soon was busy.
he worked with the speed and assured confidence of a master.
by yearsof patient industry he had wrested from nature the secrets of hertints and tone values.
quickly there grew into being an exquisitelybright and well balanced drawing, impressionist, but true; a harmonyof color and atmosphere.
leaving subtleties to the quiet thought ofthe studio, he turned to the lake.
here the lights and shadows werebolder.
they demanded the accurate appraisement of the half closedeye.
he was so absorbed in his task that he was blithely unconsciousof the approach of a girl from the house, and his first glimpse ofher was forthcoming when she crossed the last spread of velvet swardwhich separated a cluster of rhododendrons in the middle distance fromthe farther edge of the lake.
it was not altogether surprising that he had not seen her earlier.
shewore a green coat and skirt and a most curiously shaped hat of thesame hue, so that her colors blended with the landscape.
moreover, shewas walking rapidly, and had covered the intervening quarter of a milein four minutes or less.
he thought at first that she was heading straight for his lofty perch,and was perhaps bent on questioning his right to be there at all.
buthe was promptly undeceived.
her mind was set on one object, and hereyes did not travel beyond it.
she no more suspected that an artistwas lurking in the shade of the cedars than she did that the man inthe moon was gazing blandly at her above their close-packed foliage.
she came on with rapid, graceful strides, stood for a moment by theside of the venus, and then, while trenholme literally gasped forbreath, shed coat, skirt and shoes, revealing a slim form clad in adark blue bathing costume, and dived into the lake.
trenholme had never felt more surprised.
the change of costume was sounexpected, the girl's complete ignorance of his presence so obvious,that he regarded himself as a confessed intruder, somewhat akin topeeping tom of coventry.
he was utterly at a loss how to act.
if hestood up and essayed a hurried retreat, the girl might be frightened,and would unquestionably be annoyed.
it was impossible to creep awayunseen.
he was well below the crest of the slope crowned by the trees,and the nymph now disporting in the lake could hardly fail to discoverhim, no matter how deftly he crouched and twisted.
at this crisis, the artistic instinct triumphed.
he became aware thatthe one element lacking hitherto, the element that lent magic to thebeauty of the lake and its vivid environment of color, was the touchof life brought by the swimmer.
he caught the flash of her limbs asthey moved rhythmically through the dark, clear water, and it seemedalmost as if the gods had striven to be kind in sending this naiad tocomplete a perfect setting.
with stealthy hands he drew forth a smallcanvas.
oil, not mild water color, was the fitting medium to portraythis eden.
shrinking back under cover of a leafy brier, he began athird sketch in which the dominant note was the contrast between theliving woman and the marble venus.
for fifteen minutes the girl disported herself like a dolphin.
evidently she was a practiced swimmer, and had at her command all theresources of the art.
at last she climbed out, and stood dripping onthe sun-laved rock beside the statue.
trenholme had foreseen thisattitude--had, in fact, painted with feverish energy in anticipationof it.
the comparison was too striking to be missed by an artist.
wereit not for the tightly clinging garments, the pair would have provideda charming representation of galatea in stone and galatea afterpygmalion's frenzy had warmed her into life.
trenholme was absolutely deaf now to any consideration save that ofartistic endeavor.
with a swift accuracy that was nearly marvelous heput on the canvas the sheen of faultless limbs and slender neck.
heeven secured the spun-gold glint of hair tightly coifed under abathing cap--a species of head-dress which had puzzled him at thefirst glance--and there was more than a suggestion of a veritableportrait of the regular, lively and delicately beautiful featureswhich belonged to a type differing in every essential from the cold,classic loveliness of the statue, yet vastly more appealing in itssheer femininity.
then the spell was broken.
the girl slipped on her shoes, dressedherself in a few seconds, and was hurrying back to the house, almostbefore trenholme dared to breathe normally.
"well," he muttered, watching the swaying of the green skirt as itsowner traversed the park, "this is something like an adventure!
byjove, i've been lucky this morning!
i've got my picture for nextyear's salon!"
he had got far more, if only he were gifted to peer into the future;but that is a privilege denied to men, even to artists.
soon, when hewas calmer, and the embryo sketch had assumed its requisite colornotes for subsequent elaboration, he smiled a trifle dubiously.
"if that girl's temperament is as attractive as her looks i'd throwover the salon for the sake of meeting her," he mused.
"but that'sfrankly impossible, i suppose.
at the best, she would not forgive meif she knew i had watched her in this thievish way.
i could neverexplain it, never!
she wouldn't even listen.
well, it's better to havedreamed and lost than never to have dreamed at all."
and yet he dreamed.
his eyes followed the fair unknown while sheentered the garden through a gateway of dense yews, and sped lightlyup the steps of a terrace adorned with other statues in marble andbronze.
no doorway broke the pleasing uniformity of the south front,but she disappeared through an open window, swinging herself lightlyover the low sill.
he went with her in imagination.
now she wascrossing a pretty drawing-room, now running upstairs to her room, nowdressing, possibly in white muslin, which, if trenholme had thechoosing of it, would be powdered with tiny _fleurs de lys_, nowarranging her hair with keen eye for effect, and now tripping downagain in obedience to a gong summoning the household to breakfast.
"if i had the luck of a decent french poodle, this plutocrat fenleywould eke have invited me to lunch," he grumbled.
then his eyes sought the sketch, and he forgot the girl in hercounterfeit.
by jove, this _would_ be a picture!
"the water nymphs."
but he must change the composition a little--losing none of itscharacter; only altering its accessories to such an extent that nonewould recognize the exact setting.
he chortled, with mercurial rise of spirits.
"i'm the luckiestdog in england today.
happy chance has beaten all the tricks of thestudio.
o ye goddesses, inspire me to heights worthy of you!"
his visions were rudely dispelled by a gunshot, sharp, insistent,a tocsin of death in that sylvan solitude.
a host of rooks arosefrom some tall elms near the house; a couple of cock pheasants flewwith startled chuckling out of the wood on the right; the whitetails of rabbits previously unseen revealed their owners' whereaboutsas they scampered to cover.
but trenholme was sportsman enough torealize that the weapon fired was a rifle; no toy, but of high velocity,and he wondered how any one dared risk its dangerous use in such alocality.
he fixed the sound definitely as coming from the wood tothe right--the cover quitted so hurriedly by the pheasants--andinstinctively his glance turned to the house, in the half formedthought that some one there might hear the shot, and look out.
the ground floor window by which the girl had entered still remainedopen, but now another window, the most easterly one on the firstfloor, had been raised slightly.
the light was peculiarly strong andthe air so clear that even at the distance he fancied he coulddistinguish some one gesticulating, or so it seemed, behind the glass.
this went on for a minute or more.
then the window was closed.
at thesame time he noticed a sparkling of glass and brasswork behind theclipped yew hedge which extended beyond the east wing.
after somepuzzling, he made out that a motor car was waiting there.
that was all.
the clamor of the rooks soon subsided.
a couple ofrabbits skipped from the bushes to resume an interrupted meal ontender grass shoots.
a robin trilled a roundelay from some neighboringbranch.
trenholme looked at his watch.
half past nine!
why, he musthave been mooning there a good half hour!
he gathered his traps, and as the result of seeing the automobile,which had not moved yet, determined to forego his earlier project ofwalking out of the park by the easton gate.
he had just emerged from the trees when a gruff voice hailed him.
"who're you, an' what are you doin' here!"
a man, carrying a shotgun and accompanied by a dog, strode up withdetermined air.
trenholme explained civilly, since the keeper was clearly withinhis rights.
moreover, the stranger was so patently a gentlemanthat velveteens adopted a less imperative tone.
"did you hear a shot fired somewhere?"
among those trees."
and trenholme pointed.
"it was a rifle,too," he added, with an eye at the twelve-bore.
"so _i_ thought," agreed the keeper.
"rather risky, isn't it, firing bullets in a place like this?"
"i just want to find out who the ijiot is that did it.
excuse me, sir,i must be off."
and man and dog hurried away.
and trenholme, not knowing that death had answered the shot, tookhis own departure, singing as he walked, his thoughts altogether onlife, and more especially on life as revealed by the limbs of a girlgleaming in the dark waters of a pool.
trenholme's baritone was strong and tuneful--for the muses, ifkind, are often lavish of their gifts--so the final refrain of animpassioned love song traveled far that placid morning.
thus, when hereached the iron gates, he found the roxton policeman standing there,grinning.
said the artist cheerily.
of course he knew the policeman.
ina week he would have known every man and dog in the village by name.
"good mornin', sir," said the law, which was nibbling its chin strapand had both thumbs stuck in its belt.
"that's a fine thing you wassingin'.
may i arsk wot it was?
i do a bit in that line meself."
"it's the _cantabile_ from saint-saëns' _samson et dalila_," repliedtrenholme.
"mon coeur s'ouvre à ta voix!"
"is it now?
an' wot may that be, sir?"
the policeman's humor was infectious.
trenholme laughed, too.
realizing that the words and accent of paris had no great vogue inhertfordshire, he explained, and added that he possessed a copy ofthe song, which was at the service of the force.
the man thanked himwarmly, and promised to call at the inn during the afternoon.
"by the way, sir," he added, when trenholme had passed through thewicket, "did you hear a shot fired while you was in the park?"
"jer see anybody?"
"a keeper, who seemed rather annoyed about the shooting.
some one hadfired a rifle."
"it sounded like that to me, sir, and it's an unusual thing at thistime of the year."
"a heavy-caliber rifle must sound unusual at any time of the year inan enclosed estate near london," commented trenholme.
"my idee exactly," said the policeman.
"i think i'll go that way.
imay meet bates."
"if bates is a bandy-legged person with suspicious eyes, a red tie,many pockets, brown leggings, and a yellow dog, you'll find himsearching the wood beyond the lake, which is the direction the shotcame from."
the policeman laughed.
"that's bates, to a tick," he said.
"if he was 'wanted,' yourdescription would do for the _police gazette_."
since trenholme's subsequent history is bound up moreclosely with the policeman's movements during the next hour than withhis own unhindered return to the white horse inn, it is well to tracethe exact course of events as they presented themselves to the ken ofa music-loving member of the hertfordshire constabulary.
police constable farrow did not hurry.
why should he?
a gunshot in agentleman's park at half past nine on a june morning might be, as hehad put it, "unusual," but it was obviously a matter capable of thesimplest explanation.
such a sound heard at midnight would besinister, ominous, replete with those elements of mystery and dreadwhich cause even a policeman's heart to beat faster than theregulation pace.
under the conditions, when he met bates, he wouldprobably be told that jenkins, underkeeper and territorial lancecorporal, had resolved to end the vicious career of a hoodie crow, andhad not scrupled to reach the wily robber with a bullet.
so police constable farrow took fifteen minutes to cover the groundwhich trenholme's longer stride had traversed in ten.
allow anotherfifteen for the artist's packing of his sketching materials, hisconversation with gamekeeper and policeman, and the leisurely progressof the latter through the wood, and it will be found that farrowreached the long straight avenue leading from the lodge at easton tothe main entrance of the house about forty minutes after the firing ofthe shot.
he halted on the grass by the side of the well-kept drive, and lookedat the waiting motor car.
the chauffeur was not visible.
he had seenneither bates nor jenkins.
his passing among the trees had notdisturbed even a pheasant, though the estate was alive with game.
thedoor of the towers was open, but no stately manservant was stationedthere.
a yellow dog sat in the sunshine.
farrow and the dog exchangedlong-range glances: the policeman consulted his watch, bit his chinstrap, and dug his thumbs into his belt.
"mr. fenley is late today," he said to himself.
"he catches the nineforty-five.
as a rule, he's as reliable as greenwich.
i'll wait heretill he passes, an' then call round an' see smith."
now, smith was the head gardener; evidently police constable farrowwas not only well acquainted with the various inmates of the mansion,but could have prepared a list of the out-door employees as well.
hestood there, calm and impassive as fate, and, without knowing it,represented fate in her most inexorable mood; for had he betakenhimself elsewhere, the shrewdest brains of scotland yard might havebeen defeated by the enigma they were asked to solve before mortimerfenley's murderer was discovered.
indeed, it is reasonable to suppose that if chance had not brought thevillage constable to that identical spot, and at that very hour, theprecise method of the crime might never have been revealed.
moreover,farrow himself may climb slowly to an inspectorship, and pass into thedignified ease of a pension, without being aware of the part he playedin a tragedy that morning.
of course, in his own estimation, he filleda highly important rôle as soon as the hue and cry began, but a greatdeal of water would flow under london bridge before the true effect ofhis walk through the wood and emergence into sight in the avenue beganto dawn on other minds.
his appearance there was a vital fact.
it changed the trend ofcircumstances much as the path of a comet is deflected by encounteringa heavy planet.
presumably, neither comet nor planet is aware of thedisturbance.
that deduction is left to the brooding eye of science.
be that as it may, police constable farrow's serenity was notdisturbed until a doctor's motor car panted along the avenue fromeaston and pulled up with a jerk in front of him.
the doctor, frowningwith anxiety, looked out, and recognition was mutual.
"have you got the man?"
he asked, and the words were jerked out ratherthan spoken.
"what man, sir?"
inquired farrows, saluting.
"the man who shot mr.
"the man who shot mr.
farrow could only repeat each word in acrescendo of amazement.
being a singer, he understood the use of acrescendo, and gave full scope to it.
cried the doctor.
"haven't you been told?
why are youhere?
mr. fenley was shot dead on his own doorstep nearly an hour ago.
at least that is the message telephoned by his son.
unfortunately iwas out.
right ahead, tom!"
the chauffeur threw in the clutch, and the car darted on again.
farrowfollowed, a quite alert and horrified policeman now.
but it was notordained that he should enter the house.
he was distant yet a hundredyards, or more, when three men came through the doorway.
they werebates, the keeper, tomlinson, the butler, and mr. hilton fenley, elderson of the man now reported dead.
all were bareheaded.
the arrival ofthe doctor, at the instant alighting from his car, prevented them fromnoticing farrow's rapid approach.
when hilton fenley saw the doctor hethrew up his hands with the gesture of one who has plumbed the depthsof misery.
farrow could, and did, fit in the accompanying words quiteaccurately.
"nothing can be done, stern!
my father is dead!"
the two clasped each other's hand, and hilton fenley staggeredslightly.
he was overcome with emotion.
the shock of a terrible crimehad taxed his self-control to its uttermost bounds.
he placed a handover his eyes and said brokenly to the butler:"you take dr. stern inside, tomlinson.
i'll join you in a few minutes.
i must have a breath of air, or i'll choke!"
doctor and butler hurried into the house; then, but not until then,hilton fenley and the keeper became aware of farrow, now within a fewyards.
at sight of him, fenley seemed to recover his faculties; themere possibility of taking some definite action brought a tinge ofcolor to a pallid and somewhat sallow face.
here is the constable," he cried.
"go with him, bates, and havethat artist fellow arrested!"
"meaning mr. trenholme, sir?"
inquired the policeman, startled anew bythis unexpected reference to the man he had parted from so recently.
"i don't know his name; but bates met him in the park, near the lake,just after the shot was fired that killed my father."
"but i met him, too, sir.
he didn't fire any shot.
he hadn't a gun.
infact, he spoke about the shootin', and was surprised at it."
"look here, farrow, i am incapable of thinking clearly; so you mustact for the best.
some one fired that bullet.
it nearly tore my fatherto pieces.
i never saw anything like it.
it was ghastly--oh, ghastly!
the murderer must be found.
why are you losing time?
jump into thecar, and brodie will take you anywhere you want to go.
the roads, therailway stations, must be scoured, searched.
oh, do something, or ishall go mad!"
hilton fenley did, indeed, wear the semblance of a man distraught.
horror stared from his deep-set eyes and lurked in the corners of hismouth.
his father had been struck dead within a few seconds after theyhad separated in the entrance hall, both having quitted the breakfastroom together, and the awful discovery which followed the cry of analarmed servant had almost shaken the son's reason.
farrow was hardly fitted to deal with a crisis of such magnitude, buthe acted promptly and with fixed purpose--qualities which form thegreater part of generalship.
"bates," he said, turning a determined eye on the keeper, "where wasyou when you heard the shot?"
"in the kennels, back of the lodge," came the instant answer.
"and you kem this way at once?"
didn't lose 'arf a minute."
"so no one could have left by the easton gate without meeting you?"
"and you found mr.
"comin' away from the cedars, above the lake."
"what did he say?"
"tole me about the shot, an' pointed out the quarry wood as the placeit kem from."
"was he upset at all in his manner?"
"not a bit.
spoke quite nateral-like."
"well, between the three of us, you an' me an' mr. trenholme, weaccount for both gates an' the best part of two miles of park.
"i left him at the kennels."
the policeman was momentarily nonplussed.
he had formed a theory inwhich jenkins, that young territorial spark, figured either as a foolor a criminal.
"what's the use of holding a sort of inquiry on the doorstep?"
brokein hilton fenley shrilly.
his utterance was nearly hysterical.
farrow's judicial calm appeared to stir him to frenzy.
he clamored foraction, for zealous scouting, and this orderly investigation by merewords was absolutely maddening.
"i'm not wastin' time, sir," said farrow respectfully.
"it's ascertain as anything can be that the murderer, if murder has been done,has not got away by either of the gates."
"if murder has been done!"
"what do you mean?
go andlook at my poor father's corpse----""of course, mr. fenley is dead, sir, an' sorry i am to hear of it; butthe affair may turn out to be an accident."
farrow, you're talking like an idiot.
a man is shot dead athis own front door, in a house standing in the midst of a big estate,and you tell me it's an accident!"
i on'y mentioned that on the off chance.
queer things dohappen, an' one shouldn't lose sight of that fact just because it'sunusual.
now, sir, with your permission, i want brodie, an' smith, an'all the men servants you can spare for the next half hour."
"brodie can motor to the inspector's office, an' tell him wot heknows, stoppin' on the way to send jenkins here.
some of us mustsearch the woods thoroughly, while others watch the open park, to makesure no one escapes without bein' seen.
it's my firm belief that theman who fired that rifle is still hidin' among those trees.
he may besneakin' off now, but we'd see him if we're quick in reachin' theother side.
will you do as i ask, sir?"
farrow was already in motion when fenley's dazed mind recalledsomething the policeman ought to know.
"i've telephoned to scotland yard half an hour ago," he said.
"that's all right, sir.
the main thing now is to search every inch ofthe woods.
if nothing else, we may find footprints."
"and make plenty of new ones."
"not if the helpers do as i tell 'em, sir."
"i can't argue.
i'm not fit for it.
still, some instinct warns me youare not adopting the best course.
i think you ought to go in the carand put the police into combined action."
"what are they to do, sir?
the murderer won't carry a rifle throughthe village, or along the open road.
i fancy we'll come across theweapon itself in the wood.
besides, the inspector will do all that isnecessary when brodie sees him.
reelly, sir, i _know_ i'm right."
"but should that artist be questioned?"
"of course he will, sir.
he won't run away.
if he does, we'll soon nabhim.
he's been stayin' at the white horse inn the last two days, an'is quite a nice-spoken young gentleman.
why should _he_ want to shootmr.
"he is annoyed with my father, for one thing."
farrow, hitherto eager to be off on the hunt, stopped as if he heard astatement of real importance.
hilton fenley pressed a hand to his eyes.
"it was nothing to speak of," he muttered.
"he wrote asking permissionto sketch the house, and my father refused--just why i don't know;some business matter had vexed him that day, i fancy, and he dashedoff the refusal on the spur of the moment.
but a man does not commit aterrible crime for so slight a cause.... oh, if only my head wouldcease throbbing!...
do as you like.
bates, see that every assistanceis given."
fenley walked a few paces unsteadily.
obviously he was incapable oflucid thought, and the mere effort at sustained conversation was atorture.
he turned through a yew arch into the italian garden, andthrew himself wearily into a seat.
"poor young fellow!
he's fair off his nut," whispered bates.
"what can one expect?"
"but we must get busy.
do go an' find him."
bates jerked a thumb toward the house.
"he's in there," he said.
"he helped to carry in the gov'nor.
hasn'tleft him since."
"he must come at once.
he can't do any good now, an' we've lost nearlyan hour as it is."
the chauffeur appeared, red-eyed and white-faced.
but he understoodthe urgency of his mission, and soon had the car in movement.
otherscame--the butler, some gardeners, and men engaged in stables andgarage, for the dead banker maintained a large establishment.
farrowexplained his plan.
they would beat the woods methodically, and thesearcher who noted anything "unusual"--the word was often on thepoliceman's lips--was not to touch or disturb the object or sign inany way, but its whereabouts should be marked by a broken branchstuck in the ground.
of course, if a stranger was seen, an alarmshould be raised instantly.
the little party was making for the quarry wood, when jenkins arrivedon a bicycle.
the first intimation he had received of the murder wasthe chauffeur's message.
there was a telephone between house andlodge, but no one had thought of using it.
"now, bates," said farrow, when the squad of men had spread out inline, "you an' me will take the likeliest line.
you ought to knowevery spot in the covert where it's possible to aim a gun at any onestannin' on top of the steps at the towers.
there can't be many suchplaces.
is there even one?
i don't suppose the barefaced scoundrelwould dare come out into the open drive.
brodie said mr. fenley wasshot through the right side while facin' the car, so he bears out bothyour notion an' mr. trenholme's that the bullet kem from the quarrywood.
what's _your_ idea about it?
have you one, or are you just asmuch in the dark as the rest of us?"
bates was sour-faced with perplexity.
the killing of his employer wasalready crystallizing in his thoughts into an irrevocable thing, forthe butler had lifted aside the dead man's coat and waistcoat, andthis had shown him the ghastly evidences of a wound which must havebeen instantly fatal.
now, a shrewd if narrow intelligence wasconcentrated on the one tremendous question, "who hath done thisthing?"
he looked so worried that the yellow dog, watching him, andquick to interpret his moods, slouched warily at heel; and farrow,though agog with excitement, saw that his crony was ill at easebecause of some twinge of fear or suspicion.
"speak out, jim," he urged, dropping his voice to a confidentialpitch, lest one of the others might overhear.
"gimme the straight tip,if you can.
it need never be known that it kem from you."
"i've a good berth here," muttered the keeper, with seemingirrelevance.
"tell me something fresh," said farrow, quickening with gratefulmemories of many a pheasant and brace of rabbits reposing a briefspace in his modest larder.
"so, if i tell you things in confidence like----""i've heard 'em from any one but you."
bates drew a deep breath, only to expel it fiercely between puffedlips.
"it's this way," he growled.
"mr. robert an' the ol' man didn't hitoff, an' there was a deuce of a row between 'em the other day,saturday it was.
my niece, mary, was a-dustin' the banisters when thetwo kem out from breakfast, an' she heerd the gov'nor say: 'that's mylast word on the subjec'.
i mean to be obeyed this time.'
"'but, look here, pater,' said mr. robert--he always calls his fatherpater, ye know--'i reelly can't arrange matters in that offhand way.
you must give me time.'
'not another minute,' said mr. fenley.
'oh,dash it all,' said mr. robert, 'you're enough to drive a fellow crazy.
at times i almost forget that i'm your son.
some fellows would betempted to blow their brains out, an' yours, too.'
"at that, tomlinson broke in, an' grabbed mr. robert's arm, an' thegov'nor went off in the car in a fine ol' temper.
mr. robert left thetowers on his motor bike soon afterward, an' he hasn't been backsince."
although the fount of information temporarily ran dry, farrow feltthat there was more to come if its secret springs were tapped.
"did mary drop a hint as to what the row was about?"
"she guessed it had something to do with miss sylvia."
"why miss sylvia?"
"she an' mr. robert are pretty good friends, you see."
the policeman saw little, but each scrap of news might fitinto its place presently.
"is that all?"
he went on.
they were nearing that part of the woodwhere care must be exercised, and he wanted bates to talk while inthe vein.
"no, not by a long way," burst out the keeper, seemingly unable tocontain any longer the deadly knowledge weighing on his conscience.
"don't you try an' hold me to it, farrow, or i'll swear black an' bluei never said it; but i knew the ring of the shot that killed my poorol' guv'nor.
it was fired from an express rifle, an' there's on'y oneof the sort in roxton, so far as _i've_ ever seen.
an' it is, or oughtto be, in mr. robert's sittin'-room at this very minute.
nowyou've got it.
do as you like.
get tomlinson to talk, or anybody else,but keep me out of it--d'ye hear?"
"i hear," said farrow, thrilling with the consciousness that when somedandy detective arrived from the "yard," he would receive aneye-opener from a certain humble member of the hertfordshireconstabulary.
not that he quite brought himself to believe robertfenley his father's murderer.
that was going rather far.
that would,indeed, be a monstrous assumption as matters stood.
but as clues thequarrel and the rifle were excellent, and scotland yard must recognizethem in that light.
certainly, this _was_ an unusual case; most unusual.
he was well awareof the reputation attached to robert fenley, the banker's younger son,who differed from his brother in every essential.
hilton wassteady-going, business-like, his father's secretary and right hand inaffairs, both in the bank and in matters affecting the estate.
robert,almost unmanageable as a youth, had grown into an exceedingly rapidyoung man about town.
but roxton folk feared hilton and liked robert;and local gossip had deplored robert's wildness, which might erect aninsurmountable barrier against an obviously suitable match between himand mr. mortimer fenley's ward, the rich and beautiful sylvia manning.
these things were vivid in the policeman's mind, and he was wonderinghow the puzzle would explain itself in the long run, when anexclamation from bates brought his vagrom speculations sharply back tothe problem of the moment.
the keeper, of course, as farrow had said, was making straight for theone place in the quarry wood which commanded a clear view of theentrance to the mansion.
the two men were skirting the disused quarry,now a rabbit warren, which gave the locality its name; they followedthe rising edge of the excavation, treading on a broad strip of turf,purposely freed of encroaching briers lest any wandering strangermight plunge headlong into the pit.
near the highest part of the rockwall there was a slight depression in the ground; and here, exceptduring the height of a phenomenally dry summer, the surface was alwaysmoist.
bates, who was leading, had halted suddenly.
he pointed to three wellmarked footprints.
"who's been here, an' not so long ago, neither?"
he said, dartingferret eyes now at the telltale marks and now into the quarry beneathor through the solemn aisle of trees.
"stick in some twigs, an' let's hurry on," said farrow.
"footprintsare first rate, but they'll keep for an hour or two."
thirty yards away, and somewhat to the right, a hump of rock formedthe mont blanc of that tiny alp.
from its summit, and from no otherpart of the wood, they could see the east front of the towers.
infact, while perched there, having climbed its shoulder with greatcare lest certain definite tokens of a recent intruder should beobliterated, they discovered a dusty motor car ranged between thedoctor's runabout and the fenley limousine, which had returned.
the doctor and miss sylvia manning were standing on the broad mosaicwhich adorned the landing above the steps, standing exactly wheremortimer fenley had stood when he was stricken to death.
with themwere two strangers: one tall, burly and official-looking; the other ashrunken little man, whose straw hat, short jacket, and clean-shavenface conveyed, at the distance, a curiously juvenile aspect.
halfway down the steps were hilton fenley and brodie, and all weregazing fixedly at that part of the wood where the keeper and thepoliceman had popped into view.
"who is that little lot?"
clearly, he meant the big man and his diminutive companion.
"that's scotland yard," he said.
"detectives from the yard.
mr. hilton telephoned for 'em.
an' wot'smore, they're signalin' to us."
"they want us to go back," said bates.
"there can't be any doubt about it."
and, indeed, only a blind mancould have been skeptical as to the wishes of the group near the door.
"i'm goin' through this wood first," announced farrow firmly.
"mindhow you get down.
them marks may be useful.
i'm almost sure thescoundrel fired from this very spot."
"looks like it," agreed bates, and they descended.
five minutes later they were in the open park, where their assistantscouts awaited them.
none of the others had found any indication of astranger's presence, and farrow led them to the house in indian file,by a path.
"scotland yard is on the job," he announced.
"now we'll be told justwot we reelly ought to have done!"
he did not even exchange a furtive glance with bates, but, for thelife of him he could not restrain a note of triumph from creeping intohis voice.
he noticed, too, that tomlinson, the butler, not onlylooked white and shaken, which was natural under the circumstances,but had the haggard aspect of a stout man who may soon become thin bystress of fearsome imaginings.
farrow did not put it that way.
"bates is right," he said to himself.
"tomlinson has something on hischest.
by jingo, this affair _is_ a one-er an' no mistake!"
at any rate, local talent had no intention of kowtowing too deeplybefore the majesty of the "yard," for the chief of the criminalinvestigation department himself could have achieved no more in thetime than police constable farrow.
superintendent james leander winter, chief of the criminalinvestigation department at scotland yard, had just opened themorning's letters, and was virtuously resisting the placid charms ofan open box of cigars, when the telephone bell rang.
the speaker wasthe assistant commissioner.
"leave everything else, and motor to roxton," said the calm voice ofauthority.
"mr. mortimer fenley, a private banker in the city, wasshot dead about nine thirty at his own front door.
his place is thetowers, which stands in a park between the villages of roxton andeaston, in hertfordshire.
his son, who has just telephoned here,believes that a rifle was fired from a neighboring wood, but severalminutes elapsed before any one realized that the banker was shot, thefirst impression of the servants who ran to his assistance when hestaggered and fell being that he was suffering from apoplexy.
by thetime the cause of death was discovered the murderer could haveescaped, so no immediate search was organized.
mr. hilton fenley, ason, who spoke with difficulty, explained that he thought it best to'phone here after summoning a doctor.
the dead man is of someimportance in the city, so i want you to take personal charge of theinquiry."
the voice ceased.
mr. winter, while listening, had glanced at a clock.
"nine thirty this morning, sir?"
the son lost no time.
the affair happened a quarter of an hourago."
"i'll start in five minutes."
by the way, who will go with you?"
i leave matters in your hands, superintendent.
let me hearthe facts if you return to town before six."
evidently the roxton murder was one of the year's big events.
itloomed large already in the official mind.
winter called up variousdepartments in quick succession, gave a series of orders, sorted hisletters hastily, thrusting some into a drawer and others into a basketon the table, and was lighting a cigar when the door opened and histrusted aide, detective inspector furneaux, entered.
cackled the newcomer; for winter had confided to him, only theday before, certain reasons why the habit of smoking to excess wasinjurious, and his (winter's) resolve to cut down the day's cigars tothree, one after each principal meal.
"circumstances alter cases," said the superintendent blandly,scrutinizing the havana to make sure that the outer leaf was burningevenly.
"you and i are off for a jaunt in the country, charles, andthe sternest disciplinarian unbends during holiday time."
"scotland yard, as well as the other place, is paved with goodintentions," said furneaux.
winter stooped, and took a couple of automatic pistols from a drawerin the desk at which he was seated.
"put one of those in your pocket," he said.
again did his colleague smile derisively.
"so it is only a 'bus driver's holiday?"
"one never knows.
some prominent banker, name of fenley, has beenshot.
there may be more shooting."
not mortimer fenley?"
do you know him?"
"better than i know you; because you often puzzle me, whereas hestruck me as a respectable swindler.
don't you remember those bondswhich disappeared so mysteriously two months ago from the safe of themortgage and discount bank, and were all sold in paris before the losswas discovered?"
is that the fenley?"
of course, you were hob-nobbing with royalty at the time,so such a trifle as the theft of ten thousand pounds' worth ofnegotiable securities didn't trouble you a bit.
i see you're wearingthe pin today."
"so would you wear it, if an emperor deigned to take notice of such ashrimp."
"shrimp you call me!
imagine a lobster sticking rubies and diamondsinto a heliotrope tie!"
winter winked solemnly.
"i picked up some wrinkles in color blends at the futuristexhibition," he said.
"but here's johnston to tell us the car isready."
the oddly assorted pair followed the constable in uniform, nowhurrying ahead to ring for the elevator.
the big, bluff, bullet-headedsuperintendent was physically well fitted for his responsibleposition, though he combined with the official demeanor some of theeasy-going characteristics of a country squire; but charles françoisfurneaux was so unlike the detective of romance and the stage that heoften found it difficult to persuade strangers that he was really thefamous detective inspector they had heard of in connection with many acelebrated trial.
on the other hand, if one were told that he hailed from the comédiefrançaise, the legend would be accepted without demur.
he had theclean-shaven, wrinkled face of the comedian; his black eyes sparkledwith an active intelligence; an expressive mouth bespoke clear andfluent speech; his quick, alert movements were those of the mimeticactor.
winter stood six feet in height, and weighed two hundred andten pounds; furneaux was six inches shorter and eighty pounds lighter.
the one was a typical john bull, the other a channel islander of purefrench descent, and never did more curiously assorted couple followthe trail of a criminal.
yet, if noteworthy when acting apart, they were almost infallible incombination.
more than one eminent scoundrel had either blown out hisbrains or given himself up to the law when he knew that the big 'unand little 'un of the yard were hot on his track.
winter seldom failedto arrive at the only sound conclusion from ascertained facts, whereasfurneaux had an almost uncanny knowledge of the kinks and obliquitiesof the criminal mind.
in the phraseology of logic, winter applied thedeductive method and furneaux the inductive; when both fastened on tothe same "suspect" the unlucky wight was in parlous state.
it may be taken for granted, therefore, that the assistantcommissioner knew what he was about in uttering his satisfaction atthe superintendent's choice of an assistant.
possibly he had theearlier bond robbery in mind, and expected now that another "mystery"would be solved.
scotland yard guards many secrets which shirk theglare of publicity.
some may never be explained; but by far the largerproportion are cleared up unexpectedly by incidents which may occurmonths or years afterward, and whose connection with the originalcrime is indiscernible until some chance discovery lays bare thehidden clue.
one queer feature of the partnership between the two was their habitof chaffing and bickering at each other during the early stages of ajoint hunt.
they were like hounds giving tongue joyously when laid onthe scent; dangerous then, they became mute and deadly when the quarrywas in sight.
in private life they were firm friends; officially,furneaux was winter's subordinate, but that fact neither silenced thejersey man's sarcastic tongue nor stopped winter from roasting hisassistant unmercifully if an opportunity offered.
their chauffeur took the line through the parks to the edgware road,and they talked of anything save "shop" until the speed limit was offand the car was responding gayly to the accelerator.
then winter threwaway the last inch of a good cigar, involuntarily put his hand to awell-filled case for its successor, sighed, and dropped his handagain.
"force of habit," he said, finding furneaux's eye on him.
"i didn't even think evil," was the reply.
"i really mustn't smoke so much," said winter plaintively.
"oh, for goodness' sake light up and be happy.
if you sit therenursing your self-righteousness you'll be like a bear with a sorehead before we pass stanmore.
besides, consider me.
i like the smellof tobacco, though my finer nervous system will not endure its use."
"finer fiddlesticks," said winter, cutting the end off a fresh havana.
"now tell me about fenley and the ten thousand.
what's his other name?
i forget--alexander, is it?"
"no, nor xenophon.
he ran a private bank in bishopsgatestreet, and that, as you know, generally hides a company promoter.
frankly, i was bothered by fenley at first.
i believe he lost thebonds right enough, for he gave the numbers, and was horribly upsetwhen it was found they had been sold in paris.
but, to my idea, heeither stole them himself and was relieved of them later or wasvictimized by one of his sons.
"the only other person who could have taken them was the cashier, ahoary-headed old boy who resides at epping, and has not changed hismethod of living since he first wore a silk hat and caught theeight-forty to the city one morning fifty years ago.
i followed himhome on a saturday afternoon.
the bookstall clerk at liverpool streethanded him _the amateur gardener_, and the old boy read it in thetrain.
five minutes after he had reached his house he was out on thelawn with a daisy fork.
no; the cashier didn't arrange the parissale."
"what of the sons?"
"the elder, hilton fenley, is a neurotic, like myself, so hewould shine with equal luster as a saint, or a detective, or adyed-in-the-wool thief.
the younger, robert, ought to be an explorer,or a steeplechase jockey, or an airman.
in reality, he is a first-ratewastrel.
in my distress i harked back to the old man, to whom the lossof the bonds represented something considerably less than a year'sexpenditure.
he is mixed up in all sorts of enterprises--rubber, tea,picture palaces, breweries and automobile finance.
he lent fiftythousand pounds on five per cent.
first mortgage bonds to one firm atcoventry, and half that amount to a rival show in west london.
so hehas the stuff, and plenty of it.
"i know the sort of man.
dealing in millions today; tomorrow in thedock at the old bailey."
"the point is that fenley has never dealt in millions, and haskept his head high for twenty years.
just twenty years, by the way.
before that he was unknown.
he began by the amalgamation of some teaplantations in assam.
fine word, 'amalgamation.'
it means money, allthe time.
can't we amalgamate something, or somebody?"
"in fenley's case it led to assassination."
i have a feeling in my bones that if i knew who touched theproceeds of those bonds i might understand why some one shot fenleythis morning."
"i'll soon tell you a trivial thing like that," said winter, affectinga close interest in the landscape.
"i shouldn't be at all surprised if you did," said furneaux.
"you havethe luck of a carnegie.
look at the way you bungled that affair oflady morris's diamonds, until you happened to see her maid meetinggentleman george at the white city."
winter smoked complacently.
"smartest thing i ever did," he chortled.
"fixed on the thief withinhalf an hour, and never lost touch till i knew how she had worked thejob."
"the bow street method."
"why didn't you try something of the sort with regard to fenley'sbonds?"
"i couldn't be crude, even with a city financier.
i put it gently thatthe money was in the family; he blinked at me like an owl, said thathe would give thought to the suggestion, and shut down the inquiry bytelephone before i reached the yard from his office."
"oh, he did, did he?
it seems to me you've made a pretty good guess inassociating the bonds and the murder.
you've seen both sons, ofcourse?"
"are there other members of the family?"
"an invalid wife, never away from the towers; and a young lady, misssylvia manning--a ward, and worth a pile.
by the way, she's twenty.
mortimer fenley, had he lived, was appointed her guardian and trusteetill she reached twenty-one."
"yes, twice ten," snapped furneaux.
"and fenley has cut a figure in the city for twenty years."
"i was sure your gray matter would be stimulated by its favoritepoison."
"charles, this should be an easy thing."
"i'm not so sure.
dead men tell no tales, and fenley himself couldprobably supply many chapters of an exciting story.
they will bemissing.
look at the repeated failures of eminent authors to complete'edwin drood.'
how would they have fared if asked to produce thebeginning?"
"still, i'm glad you attended to those bonds.
who had charge of theparis end?"
"ah, a good man."
"pretty fair, for a frenchman."
"you born frog!"
he cried.... "hello, there's a roxton sign post.
nowlet's compose our features.
we are near the towers."
the estate figured on the county map, so the chauffeur pulled up atthe right gate.
a woman came from the lodge to inquire theirbusiness, and admitted the car when told that its occupants had beensummoned by mr. hilton fenley.
"by the way," said furneaux carelessly, "is mr. robert at home?"
"when did he leave?"
"i'm sure i don't know, sir."
mrs. bates knew quite well, and furneaux knew that she knew.
"the country domestic is the detective's aversion," he said as the carwhirred into the avenue.
"the lady of the lodge will be a sufficientlytough proposition if we try to drag information out of her, but thereal tug of war will come when we tackle the family butler."
"her husband is also the head keeper," said winter.
"name of bates," added furneaux.
"oh, you've been here before, then?"
while you were taking stock of the kennels generally, i wasdeciphering a printed label on a box of dog biscuit."
"i hardly feel that i've begun this inquiry yet," said winter airily.
"you'd better pull yourself together.
the dead man's limousine isstill waiting at the door, and the local doctor is in attendance."
"walter j. stern, m.d."
that brass plate on the georgian house in the center ofthe village positively glistened."
they were received by hilton fenley himself, all the available menservants having been transferred to the cohort organized and directedby police constable farrow.
"good morning, mr. furneaux," said fenley.
"i little thought, whenlast we met, that i should be compelled to seek your help so soonagain, and under such dreadful circumstances."
furneaux, whose face could display at will a japanese liveliness ofexpression or become a mask of indian gravity, surveyed the speakerwith inscrutable eyes.
"this is superintendent winter, chief of my department," he said.
"the assistant commissioner told me to take charge of the inquirywithout delay, sir," explained winter.
he glanced at his watch.
"wehave not been long on the road.
it is only twenty minutes to eleven."
fenley led them through a spacious hall into a dining-room on theleft.
on an oak settee at the back of the hall the outline of a whitesheet was eloquent of the grim object beneath.
in the dining-room werean elderly man and a slim, white-faced girl.
had trenholme beenpresent he would have noted with interest that her dress was of whitemuslin dotted with tiny blue spots--not _fleurs de lys_, but ratherresembling them.
"dr. stern, and miss sylvia manning," said fenley to the newcomers.
then he introduced the scotland yard men in turn.
by this time theyoung head of the family had schooled himself to a degree ofself-control.
his sallow skin held a greenish pallor, and as if tosatisfy some instinct that demanded movement he took an occasionalslow stride across the parquet floor or brushed a hand wearily overhis eyes.
otherwise he had mastered his voice, and spoke without thegasping pauses which had made distressful his words to farrow.
"ours is a sad errand, mr. fenley," began winter, after a hasty glanceat the table, which still bore the disordered array of breakfast.
"but, if you feel equal to the task, you might tell us exactly whathappened."
"of course, of course," he said quietly.
"that is essential.
wethree, my father, miss manning and myself, breakfasted together.
thesecond gong goes every morning at eight forty-five, and we werefairly punctual today.
my father and sylvia, miss manning, came intogether--they had been talking in the hall previously.
i saw thementering the room as i came downstairs.
during the meal we chattedabout affairs in the east; that is, my father and i did, and syl--missmanning--gave us some news of a church bazaar in which she is takingpart.
"my father rose first and went to his room, to collect papers broughtfrom the city overnight.
i met him on the stairs, and he gave me someinstructions about a prospectus.
(let me interpolate that i was goingto victoria by a later train, having an appointment at eleven o'clockwith lord ventnor, chairman of a company we are bringing out.)
i stoodon the stairs, saying something, while my father crossed the hall andtook his hat and gloves from harris, the footman.
as i passed alongthe gallery to my own room i saw him standing on the landing at thetop of the steps.
"he was cutting the end off a cigar, and harris was just behind himand a little to the left, striking a match.
every fine morning myfather lighted a cigar there.
in rain or high wind he would light upinside the house.
by the way, my mother is an invalid, and dislikesthe smell of tobacco, so unless we have guests we don't smoke indoors.
"well, i had reached my room, a sitting-room adjoining my bedroom,when i heard a gunshot.
apparently it came from the quarry wood, and iwas surprised, because there is no shooting at this season.
a littlelater--some few seconds--i heard sylvia scream.
i did not rush outinstantly to discover the cause.
young ladies sometimes scream atwasps and caterpillars.
then i heard tomlinson say, 'fetch mr. hiltonat once,' and i ran into harris, who blurted out, 'mr.
fenley has beenshot, sir.'
"after that, i scarcely know what i said or how i acted.
i rememberrunning downstairs, and finding my father lying outside the frontdoor, with sylvia supporting his head and tomlinson and brodie tryingto lift him.
i think--in fact, i am sure now from what dr. stern tellsme--that my father was dead before i reached him.
we all thought atfirst that he had yielded to some awfully sudden form of paralysis,but some one--tomlinson, i believe--noticed a hole through the rightside of his coat and waistcoat.
then sylvia--oh, perhaps that ismatterless----""every incident, however slight, is of importance in a case of thissort," winter encouraged him.
"well, she said--what was it, exactly?
do you remember, sylvia?"
"certainly," said the girl, unhesitatingly.
"i said that i thought irecognized the sound of bob's .450. why shouldn't i say it?
poor bobdidn't shoot his father."
her voice, though singularly musical, had a tearful ring which becamealmost hysterical in the vehemence of the question and its disclaimer.
fenley moved uneasily, and raised his right hand to his eyes, whilethe left grasped the back of a chair.
"bob is my brother robert, who is away from home at this moment," hesaid, and his tone deprecated the mere allusion to the rifle owned bythe absentee.
"i only mentioned miss manning's words to show howcompletely at a loss we all were to account for my father's wound.
ihelped tomlinson and brodie to carry him to the settee in the hall.
then we--tomlinson, that is--opened his waistcoat and shirt.
tomlinsoncut the shirt with a scissors, and we saw the wound.
dr. stern saysthere are indications that an expanding bullet was used, so theinjuries must have been something appalling.... sylvia, don't youthink----""i'll not faint, or make a scene, if that is what you are afraid of,hilton," said the girl bravely.
"that is all, then, or nearly all," went on fenley, in the samedreary, monotonous voice.
"i telephoned to dr. stern, and to scotlandyard, deeming it better to communicate with you than with the localpolice.
but it seems that bates, our head keeper hurrying toinvestigate the cause of the shot, met some artist coming away fromthe other side of the wood.
the roxton police constable too, met andspoke with the same man, who told both bates and the policeman that heheard the shot fired.
the policeman, farrow, refused to arrest theartist, and is now searching the wood with a number of our men----""can't they be stopped?"
broke in furneaux, speaking for the firsttime.
"yes, of course," and hilton fenley became a trifle more animated.
"iwanted farrow to wait till you came, but he insisted--said themurderer might be hiding there."
"when did farrow arrive?"
"oh, more than half an hour after my father was shot.
i forgot tomention that my mother knows nothing of the tragedy yet.
that is whywe did not carry my poor father's body upstairs.
she might overhearthe shuffling of feet, and ask the cause."
"one thing more, mr. fenley," said winter, seeing that the other hadmade an end.
"have you the remotest reason to believe that any personharbored a grievance against your father such as might lead to thecommission of a crime of this nature?"
"i've been torturing my mind with that problem since i realized thatmy father was dead, and i can say candidly that he had no enemies.
ofcourse, in business, one interferes occasionally with other men'sprojects, but people in the city do not shoot successful opponents."
"no private feud?
no dismissed servant, sent off because of theft ordrunkenness?"
"absolutely none, to my knowledge.
the youngest man on the estate hasbeen employed here five or six years."
"it is a very extraordinary crime, mr.
for answer, the other sank into a chair and buried his face in hishands.
"how can we get those clodhoppers out of the wood?"
histhin, high-pitched voice dispelled the tension, and fenley dropped hishands.
"bates is certain to make for a rock which commands a view of thehouse," he said.
"perhaps, if we go to the door, we may see them."
he arose with obvious effort, but walked steadily enough.
winterfollowed with the doctor, and inquired in an undertone--"are you sure about the soft-nosed bullet, doctor?"
"quite," was the answer.
"i was in the tirah campaign, and sawhundreds of such wounds."
furneaux, too, had something to say to miss manning.
"how were you seated during breakfast?"
she showed him.
it was a large room.
two windows looked down theavenue, and three into the garden, with its background of timber andpark.
mr. mortimer fenley could have commanded both views; his son satwith his back to the park; the girl had faced it.
"i need hardly put it to you, but you saw no one in or near thetrees?"
"not a soul.
i bathe in a little lake below those cedars everymorning, and it is an estate order that the men do not go in thatdirection between eight and nine o'clock.
of course, a keeper mighthave passed at nine thirty, but it is most unlikely."
"did you bathe this morning?"
"yes, soon after eight."
"did you see the artist of whom mr. fenley spoke?"
this is the first i have heard of any artist.
bates must havementioned him while i was with dr.
when farrow arrived at the head of his legion he was just in time tosalute his inspector, who had cycled from easton after receiving thenews left by the chauffeur at the police station.
farrow was burstingwith impatience to reveal the discoveries he had made, though resolvedto keep locked in his own breast the secret confided by bates.
he wasthoroughly nonplussed, therefore, when winter, after listening insilence to the account of the footprints and scratches on themoss-covered surface of the rock, turned to hilton fenley.
"with reference to the rifle which has been mentioned--where is itkept?"
"in my brother's room.
he bought it nearly a year ago, when he wasplanning an expedition to somaliland."
"may i see it?"
fenley signed to the butler, who was standing with the others at alittle distance.
"you know the .450 express which is in the gun rack in mr. robert'sden?"
"bring it to the superintendent."
tomlinson, shaken but dignified, and rather purple of face as theresult of the tramp through the trees, went indoors.
soon he cameback, and the rich tint had faded again from his complexion.
"sorry, sir," he said huskily, "but the rifle is not there."
it was sylvia manning who spoke; the others received this sinisterfact in silence.
"are you quite sure?"
"it is not in the gun rack, sir, nor in any of the corners."
there was a pause.
fenley clearly forced the next words.
"that's all right.
bates may have it in the gun room.
we'll ask him.
or mr. robert may have taken it to the makers.
i remember now he spokeof having the sight fitted with some new appliance."
he called bates.
no, the missing rifle was not in the gun room.
somehow the notion was forming in certain minds that it could not bethere.
indeed, the keeper's confusion was so marked that furneaux'sglance dwelt on him for a contemplative second.
winter drew the local inspector aside.
"this inquiry rests with you inthe first instance," he said.
"mr. furneaux and i are here only toassist.
mr. fenley telephoned to the commissioner, mainly becausescotland yard was called in to investigate a bond robbery which tookplace in the fenley bank some two months ago.
probably you never heardof it.
will you kindly explain our position to your chief constable?
of course, we shall work with you and through you, but my colleaguehas reason to believe that the theft of the bonds may have somebearing on this murder, and, as the securities were disposed of inparis, it is more than likely that the yard may be helpful."
"i fully understand, sir," said the inspector, secretly delighted atthe prospect of joining in the hunt with two such renowned detectives.
the combined parishes of easton and roxton seldom produced a crime ofgreater magnitude than the theft of a duck.
the arrest of a burglarwho broke into a villa, found a decanter of whisky, and got sohopelessly drunk that he woke up in a cell at the police station, wasan event of such magnitude that its memory was still lively, thoughthe leading personage was now out on ticket of leave after servingfive years in various penal settlements.
"you will prepare and give the formal evidence at the inquest, whichwill be opened tomorrow," went on winter.
"all that is reallynecessary is identification and a brief statement by the doctor.
thenthe coroner will issue the burial certificate, and the inquiry shouldbe adjourned for a fortnight.
i would recommend discretion in choosinga jury.
avoid busybodies like the plague.
summons only sensible men,who will do as they are told and ask no questions."
"exactly," said the inspector; he found machiavellian art in thesesimple instructions.
how it broadened the horizon to be brought intouch with london!
winter turned to look for furneaux.
the little man was standing wheremortimer fenley had stood in the last moment of his life.
his eyeswere fixed on the wood.
he seemed to be dreaming, but his friend wellknew how much clarity and almost supernatural vision was associatedwith furneaux's dreams.
said the superintendent softly.
furneaux awoke, and ran down the steps.
in his straw hat and lightsummer suit he looked absurdly boyish, but the inspector, who hadformed an erroneous first impression, was positively startled when hemet those blazing black eyes.
"mr. fenley should warn all his servants to speak fully and candidly,"said winter.
"then we shall question the witnesses separately.
what doyou think?
shall we start now?"
"first, the boots," cried furneaux, seemingly voicing a thought.
"wewant a worn pair of boots belonging to each person in the house andemployed on the estate, men and women, no exceptions, including thedead man's.
then we'll visit that wood.
after that, the inquiry."
when furneaux and he were in pursuit of a criminal theydropped all nice distinctions of rank.
if one made a suggestion theother adopted it without comment unless he could urge some convincingargument against it.
"mr. fenley should give his orders now," added furneaux.
winter explained his wishes to the nominal head of the household, andfenley's compliance was ready and explicit.
"these gentlemen from scotland yard are acting in behalf of mrs.fenley, my brother and myself," he said to the assembled servants.
"you must obey them as you would obey me.
i place matters unreservedlyin their hands."
"and our questions should be answered without reserve," put in winter.
"yes, of course.
i implied that.
at any rate, it is clear now."
"brodie," said furneaux, seeming to pounce on the chauffeur, "you wereseated at the wheel when the shot was fired?"
"ye--yes, sir," stuttered brodie, rather taken aback by the littleman's suddenness.
"were you looking at the wood?"
"in a sort of a way, sir."
"did you see any one among the trees?"
"no, sir, that i didn't."
this more confidently.
"place your car where it was stationed then.
take your seat, and tryto imagine that you are waiting for your master.
start the engine, andbehave exactly as though you expected him to enter the car.
don'twatch the wood.
i mean that you are not to avoid looking at it, butjust throw yourself back to the condition of mind you were in at ninetwenty-five this morning.
can you manage that?"
"i think so, sir."
"no chatting with others, you know.
fancy you are about to take mr.fenley to the station.
if you should happen to see me, wave your hand.
then you can get down and stop the engine.
you understand you are notto keep a sharp lookout for me?"
the butler thought it would take a quarter of an hour to collectsample pairs of boots from the house and outlying cottages.
policeconstable farrow was instructed to bring the butler and the array ofboots to the place where the footprints were found, and bates led thedetectives and the inspector thither at once.
soon the four men were gazing at the telltale marks, and theinspector, of course, was ready with a shrewd comment.
"whoever it was that came this way, he didn't take much trouble tohide his tracks," he said.
the scotland yard experts were so obviously impressed that theinspector tried a higher flight.
"they're a man's boots," he continued.
"we needn't have worriedtomlinson to gather the maids' footgear."
furneaux left two neat imprints in the damp soil.
"bet you a penny whistle there are at least two women in the towerswho will make bigger blobs than these," he said.
a penny whistle, as a wager, is what police constable farrow wouldterm "unusual."
"quite so," said the inspector thoughtfully.
winter caught furneaux's eye, and frowned.
there was nothing to begained by taking a rise out of the local constabulary.
still, he gaveone sharp glance at both sets of footprints.
then he looked atfurneaux again, this time with a smile.
the party passed on to the rock on the higher ground.
bates pointedout the old scratches, and those made by farrow and himself.
cried furneaux, darting nimbly to the summit.
he was notthere a second before he signaled to some one invisible from beneath.
winter joined him, and the east front of the house burst into view.
brodie was in the act of descending from the car.
the doctor had gone.
a small group of men were gazing at the wood, but hilton fenley andsylvia manning were not to be seen.
neither man uttered a word.
they looked at the rock under their feet,at the surrounding trees, oak and ash, elm and larch, all of maturegrowth, and towering thirty to forty feet above their heads, while therock itself rose some twelve feet from the general level of thesloping ground.
bates was watching them.
"the fact is, gentlemen, that if an oak an' a couple o' spruce firsthadn't been cut down you wouldn't see the house even from where youare," he said.
"mr. fenley had an idee of buildin' a shelter on thisrock, but he let it alone 'coss o' the birds.
ladies would be comin'here, an' a-disturbin' of 'em."
the detectives came down.
furneaux, meaning to put the inspector inthe right frame of mind, said confidentially--"brodie saw me instantly."
"did he, now?
it follows that he would have seen any one who fired atmr. fenley from that spot."
"it almost follows.
we must guard against assuming a chance as acertainty."
"and we must also try to avoid fitting facts into preconceivednotions.
now, while the butler is gathering old boots, let us spend afew profitable minutes in this locality."
after that, any trace of soreness in the inspectorial breast wascompletely obliterated.
both winter and furneaux produced strong magnifying-glasses, andscrutinized the scratches and impressions on the bare rock and moss.
bates, skilled in wood lore, was quick to note what they had discernedat a glance.
"beg pardon, gentlemen both, but may i put in a word?"
"as many as you like," winter assured him.
"well, these here marks was made by farrow an' meself, say about tenforty, or a trifle over an hour after the murder; an' i have no sorto' doubt as these other marks are a day or two days older."
"you might even put it at three days," agreed winter.
"then it follows----" began the inspector, but checked himself.
he wasbecoming slightly mixed as to the exact sequence of events.
"come, now, bates," said furneaux, "you can tell us the day mr. robertfenley left home recently?
there is no harm in mentioning his name.
itcan't help being in our thoughts, since it was discovered that his gunwas missing."
"he went off on a motor bicycle last saturday mornin', sir."
"can you fix the hour?"
"about half past ten."
"you have not seen him since?"
"you would be likely to know if he had returned?"
"certain, sir, unless he kem by the roxton gate."
"oh, is there another entrance?"
"yes, but it can't be used, 'cept by people on foot.
the big gates arealways locked, and the road has been grassed over, an' not so manyfolk know of a right of way.
of course, mr. robert knows."
bates was disturbed.
he expected to be cross-examined farther, but, tohis manifest relief, the ordeal was postponed.
winter and furneauxcommenced a careful scrutiny of the ground behind the rock.
theystruck off on different paths, but came together at a little distance.
"the trees," murmured winter.
"yes, when we are alone."
"have you noticed----""these curious pads.
they mean a lot.
it's not so easy, james."
"i'm growing interested, i admit."
they rejoined the others.
"did you tell me that only you and police constable farrow visitedthis part of the wood?"
said furneaux to bates.
"i don't remember tellin' you, sir, but that's the fact," said thekeeper.
"well, warn all the estate hands to keep away from this section duringthe next few days.
you will give orders to farrow to that effect,inspector?"
if they go trampling all over, you won't know where you are whenit comes to a close search," was the cheerful answer.
"now, about thatgun--it must be hidden somewhere in the undergrowth.
the man who firedit would never dare to carry it along an open road on a fine morninglike this, when everybody is astir."
"you're undoubtedly right," said winter.
"but here come assortedboots.
they may help us a bit."
tomlinson was a man of method.
he and farrow had brought two wickerbaskets, such as are used in laundry work.
he was rather breathless.
"house--and estate," he wheezed, pointing to each basket in turn.
"go ahead, furneaux," said winter.
"because i ought to stoop, idon't."
the little man choked back some gibe; the presence of strangersenforced respect to his chief.
he took a thin folding rule of aluminumfrom a waistcoat pocket, and applied it to the most clearly defined ofthe three footprints.
then beginning at the "house" basket, he ranover the contents rapidly.
one pair of boots he set aside.
aftertesting the "estate" basket without success, he seized one of theselected pair, and pressed it into the earth close to an originalprint.
he looked up at tomlinson, who was in a violent perspiration.
"whose boot is this?"
"god help us, sir, it's mr.
said tomlinson in an agonizedtone.
the inspector, farrow and bates were visibly thrilled; but furneauxonly sank back on his heels, and peered at the boot.
"i don't understand why any one should feel upset because thesefootprints (which, by the way, were not made by this pair of boots)happen to resemble marks which may have been made by mr. robertfenley," he said, apparently talking to himself.
"these marks arethree or four days old.
mr. robert fenley went away on saturday.
he may have been here on saturday morning.
what does itmatter if he was?
the man who murdered his father must have been heretwo hours ago."
tomlinson mopped his forehead with a handkerchief already awet rag; farrow, not daring to interfere, nibbled his chin strap;bates scowled with relief.
but the inspector, after a husky cough,spoke.
"would you mind telling me, mr. furneaux, why you are so sure?"
"now, professor bates, you tell him," cackled furneaux.
the keeper dropped on his knees by the side of the detective, andgazed critically at the marks.
"at this time o' year, gentlemen, things do grow wonderful," he saidslowly.
"in this sort o' ground, where there's wet an' shade, there'sa kind o' constant movement.
this here new print is clean, an' thebroken grass an' crushed leaves haven't had time to straightenthemselves, as one might say.
but, in this other lot, the shoots arecommencin' to perk up, an' insec's have stirred the mold.
it's justthe difference atween a new run for rabbits and an old 'un."
"thank you, bates," broke in winter sharply.
"now, we must not wasteany more time in demonstrations.
mr. furneaux explained this thingpurposely, to show the folly of jumping at conclusions.
innocent menhave been hanged before today on just such evidence as this.
weshould deem ourselves lucky that these footprints were found so soonafter the crime was committed.
tomorrow, or next day, there might havebeen a doubt in our minds.
luckily there is none.
the man who shot mr.fenley this morning--" he paused; furneaux alone appreciated hisdifficulty--"could not possibly have left those marks today."
it was a lame ending, but it sufficed.
four of his hearers took him tomean that the unknown, whose feet had left their impress in the soilcould not have been the murderer; but furneaux growled in french--"you tripped badly that time, my friend.
you need another cigar!"
seemingly, he was soliloquizing, and none understood except the oneperson for whose benefit the sarcasm was intended.
winter felt the spur, but because he was a really great detective itonly stimulated him.
nothing more was said until the little processionreached the avenue.
during their brief disappearance in the leafydepths two cars and three motor cycles had arrived at the towers.
the newspapers had heard of the murder; this was theadvance guard of an army of reporters and photographers.
winterbuttonholed the inspector.
"i'll tell you the most valuable service you can render at thismoment," he said.
"arrange that a constable shall mount guard at therock till nightfall.
then place two on duty.
with four men you canprovide the necessary reliefs, but i want that place watchedcontinuously, and intruders warned off till further notice.
this manwho happens to be here might go on duty immediately.
then you can makeyour plans at leisure."
thus, by the quaint contriving of chance, police constable farrow,whose stalwart form and stubborn zeal had blocked the path to thequarry wood since a few minutes after ten o'clock, was deputed tocontinue that particular duty till a comrade took his place.
his face fell when he heard that he was condemned to solitude, shutout from all the excitement of the hour, debarred even, as heimagined, from standing on the rock and watching the comings andgoings at the mansion.
but winter was a kindly if far-seeing studentof human nature.
"it will be a bit slow for you," he said, when the inspector had givenfarrow his orders.
"but you can amuse yourself by an occasional peepat the landscape, and there is no reason why you shouldn't smoke."
"do you mean, sir, that i can show myself?"
the mere fact that your presence is known will warn offpriers.
remember--no one, absolutely no one except the police, is tobe allowed to pass the quarry, or approach from any side withinhailing distance."
"not even from the house, sir?"
mr. fenley and miss manning may be told, if necessary, whyyou are there, and i am sure they will respect my wishes."
farrow turned back.
it was not so bad, then.
these scotland yardfellows had chosen him for an important post, and that hint about apipe was distinctly human.
odd thing, too, that mr. robert fenley wasnot expected to put in an appearance, or the superintendent would havementioned him with the others.
on reaching the house there were evidences of disturbance.
hiltonfenley stood in the doorway, and was haranguing the newspaper men in avoice harsh with anger.
this intrusion was unwarranted, illegal,impudent.
he would have them expelled by force.
when he caught sightof the inspector he demanded fiercely that names and addresses shouldbe taken, so that his solicitors might issue summonses for trespass.
all this, of course, made excellent copy, and winter put an end to thescene by drawing the reporters aside and giving them a fairly completeaccount of the murder.
incidentally, he sent off the inspector posthaste on his bicycle to station a constable at each gate, and stop thecoming invasion.
the house telephone, too, closed the main gateeffectually, so when the earliest scouts had rushed away to connectwith fleet street order was restored.
winter was puzzled by fenley's display of passion.
it was only to beexpected that the newspapers would break out in a rash of blackheadlines over the murder of a prominent london financier.
by hook orby crook, journalism would triumph.
he had often been amazed at theextent and accuracy of news items concerning the most secretinquiries.
of course the reporters sometimes missed the heart of anintricate case.
in this instance, they had never heard of the bondrobbery, though the numbers of the stolen securities had beenadvertised widely.
moreover, he was free to admit that if every factknown to the police were published broadcast, no one would be a pennythe worse; for thus far the crime was singularly lacking in motive.
meanwhile furneaux had fastened on to brodie again.
"you saw me at once?"
"i couldn't miss you, sir," said the chauffeur, a solid, stolidmechanic, who understood his engine and a road map thoroughly, andleft the rest to providence.
"i wasn't payin' particular attention,yet i twigged you the minute you popped up."
"so it is reasonable to suppose that if any one had appeared in thatsame place this morning and taken steady aim at mr. fenley, you wouldhave twigged him, too."
"it strikes me that way, sir."
"did you see nothing--not even a puff of smoke?
you must certainlyhave looked at the wood when you heard the shot."
"i did, sir.
not a leaf moved.
just a couple of pheasants flew out,and the rooks around the house kicked up such a row that i didn't knowthe guv'nor was down till harris shouted."
"where did the pheasants fly from?"
"they kem out a bit below the rock; but they were risin' birds, an'may have started from the ground higher up."
"no birds were startled before the shot was fired?"
"not to my knowledge, sir.
but june pheasants are very tame, and theylie marvelous close.
a pheasant would just as soon run as fly."
the detectives began a detailed inquiry almost at once.
it covered theground already traversed, and the only new incident happened whenhilton fenley, at the moment repeating his evidence, was called to thetelephone.
"if either of you cares to smoke there are cigars and virginiacigarettes on the sideboard," he said.
"or, if you prefer turkish,here are some," and he laid a gold case on the table.
furneaux grabbedit when the door had closed.
"all neurotics use turkish cigarettes," he said solemnly.
"ah, iguessed it!
a strong, vile, scented brand!"
"sometimes, my dear charles, you talk rubbish," sighed winter.
i never think or smoke it.
'language was given us to concealour thoughts,' said talleyrand.
i have always admired talleyrand,'that rather middling bishop but very eminent knave,' as de quinceycalled him.
'_cré nom!_ i wonder what de quincey meant by 'middling.'
a man who could keep in the front rank under the bourbons, during therevolution, with napoleon, and back again under the bourbons, and yetdie in bed, must have been superhuman.
st. peter, in his stead, wouldhave lost his napper at least four times."
winter stirred uneasily, and gazed out across the italian garden andpark, for the detectives were again installed in the dining-room.
"what about that artist, trenholme?"
he said after a pause.
"we'll look him up.
before leaving this house i want to peep intovarious rooms.
and there's tomlinson.
tomlinson is a rich mine.
doleave him to me.
i'll dig into him deep, and extract ore of highpercentage--see if i don't."
"do you know, charles, i've a notion that we shall get closer tobed-rock in london than here."
furneaux pretended to look for an invisible halo surrounding hischief's close-cropped bullet head.
"sometimes," he said reverently, "you frighten me when you bring off abrilliant remark like that.
i seem to see lightning zigzagging roundjove's dome."
"it was a call from the bank," he announced.
"they have just seen thenewspapers.
i told them i would run up to town this afternoon."
"then you did not telephone bishopsgate street earlier?"
inquiredwinter, permitting himself to be surprised.
i had other things to bother me."
"now, mr. fenley, can you tell me where your brother is?"
"i can not."
he placed a rather unnecessary emphasis on the negative.
the questionseemed to disturb him.
evidently, if he could consult his own wishes,he would prefer not to discuss his brother.
"i take it he has not been home since leaving here on saturday?"
"that is so."
"had he quarreled with your father?"
"there was a dispute.
really, mr. winter, i must decline to go intofamily affairs."
"but the probability is that the more we know the less our knowledgewill affect your brother."
the door opened again.
mr. winter was wanted on the telephone.
thenthere happened one of those strange coincidences which furneaux'scaustic wit had christened "winter's yorkers," being a quaint play onthe lines:          now is the winter of our discontent          made glorious summer by this sun of york.
for the superintendent had scarcely squeezed his big body into thetelephone box when he became aware of a mixup on the line; a querulousvoice was saying:"i insist on being put through.
i am speaking from mr. fenley's bank,and it is monstrous that i should be kept waiting.
i've been tryingfor twenty minutes----"buzz.
the protest was squelched.
"are you there?"
came the calm accents of the assistant commissioner.
"yes, sir," said winter.
oddly enough, you are in the nick of time to helpmaterially.
will you ring off, and find out from the exchange who'phoned here two minutes ago?
i don't mean fenley's bank, which isjust trying to get through.
i want to know who made the precedingcall, which was effective."
winter explained in the dining-room that the assistant commissionerwas anxious for news.
he had hardly finished when the footmanreappeared.
a call for mr. hilton fenley.
"confound the telephone," snapped fenley.
"we won't have a moment'speace all day, i suppose."
winter winked heavily at furneaux.
he waited until fenley's hurriedfootsteps across a creaking parquet floor had died away.
"this is the bank's call," he murmured.
"the other was from the lordknows who.
i've put the yard on the track.
i wonder why he lied aboutit."
"he's a queer sort of brother, too," said furneaux.
"it strikes me hewants to put robert in the cart."
fenley was frowning when he reappeared.
"another call from the bank," he said gruffly.
"everything there is atsixes and sevens since the news was howled through the city.
that iswhy i really must go to town later.
i'm not altogether sorry.
thenecessity of bringing my mind to bear on business will leaven thesurfeit of horrors i've borne this morning...."now, about my brother, mr. winter.
while listening to mr. brown'scondolences--you remember brown, the cashier, mr. furneaux--i wasthinking of more vital matters.
a policy of concealment often defeatsits own object, and i have come to the conclusion that you ought toknow of a dispute between my father and robert.
there's a woman in thecase, of course.
it's a rather unpleasant story, too.
poor bob gotentangled with a married woman some months ago.
he was infatuated atfirst, but would have broken it off recently were it not for fear ofdivorce proceedings."
"would you make the position a little clearer, sir?"
said winter, whoalso was listening and thinking.
he was quite certain that when hemet mr. brown he would meet the man who had been worrying a telephoneexchange "during the last twenty minutes."
and fenley's hand brushed away some imaginary film frombefore his eyes.
"bob and i never hit it off very well.
we're onlyhalf brothers, you see."
"was your father married twice?"
"am i to reopen a forgotten history?"
"some person, or persons, may not have forgotten it."
"well, you must have the full story, if at all.
my father was not awell-born man.
thirty years ago he was a trainer in the service of arich east indian merchant, anthony drummond, of calcutta, who ownedracehorses, and one of drummond's daughters fell in love with him.
they ran away and got married, but the marriage was a failure.
shedivorced him--by mutual consent, i fancy.
anyhow, _i_ was left on hishands.
"he went to assam, and fell in with a tea planter named manning, whohad a big estate, but neglected it for racing.
my father suddenlydeveloped business instincts and manning made him a partner.
unfortunately--well, that is a hard word, but it applies--my fathermarried again--a girl of his own class; rather beneath it, in fact.
then bob was born.
"the old man made money, heaps of it.
manning married, but losthis wife when sylvia came into the world.
that broke him up; hedrank himself to death, leaving his partner as trustee and guardianfor the infant.
there was a boom in tea estates; my father sold onthe crest of the wave and came to london.
he progressed, but mrs.fenley--didn't.
she was just a tommy's daughter, and never seemed totry and rise above the level of 'married quarters'.
"i had to mind my p's and q's as a boy, i can assure you.
my motherwas always thrown in my teeth.
mrs. fenley called her 'black.'
it wasa ---- lie.
she was dark-skinned, as i am, but there are cornish andwelsh folk of much darker complexion.
my father, too, shared somethingof the same prejudice.
i had to be the good boy of the family.
otherwise, i should have been turned out, neck and crop.
"as i behaved well, he was forced to depend on me, because bob didas he liked, with his mother always ready to aid and abet him.
thencame this scrape i've spoken of.
i believe bob was being blackmailed.
that's the long and the short of it.
now you know the plain, ungarbledfacts.
better that they should come from me than reach you with thedecorations of gossip and servants' tittle-tattle."
the somewhat strained and metallic voice ceased.
fenley was seated atthe corner of the table near the door.
seemingly yielding to thatever-present desire for movement, he pushed with his foot an armchairout of its place at the head of the table.
sylvia manning had pointed out that chair to furneaux as the oneoccupied by mortimer fenley at breakfast.
"is the first mrs. fenley dead?"
said furneaux suddenly.
"i don't think so," said fenley, after a pause.
"you are not sure?"
"have you ever tried to find out?"
"no, i dare not."
"may i ask why?"
"if it were discovered that my mother and i were in communication iwould have been given short shrift in the bank."
"did she marry again?"
"i don't know."
again there was silence.
furneaux seemed to be satisfied that he wasfollowing a blind alley, and winter became the inquisitor.
"what is the name of the woman with whom your brother is mixed up?"
"i can not tell you, but my father knew."
"what leads you to form that opinion?"
"some words that passed between bob and him last saturday morning."
"yes, in the hall.
tomlinson heard more distinctly than i. i saw therewas trouble brewing, and kept out of it--hung back, on the pretenseof reading a newspaper."
"as to the missing rifle--can you help us there?"
"not in the least.
i wish to heaven bob had gone to africa, as he wasplanning.
then all this misery would have been avoided."
"do you mean your father's death?"
he had not weighed his words.
"oh, no, no!"
he cried hurriedly.
"don't try to trip me intoadmissions, mr. winter.
i can't stand that, damned if i can."
he jumped up, went to the sideboard and mixed himself a weak brandyand soda, which he swallowed as if his throat were afire with thirst.
"i am not treating you as a hostile witness, sir," answered wintercalmly.
"mr. furneaux and i are merely clearing the ground.
soon weshall know, or believe that we know, what line to avoid and what tofollow."
"is miss sylvia manning engaged to be married?"
put in furneaux.
fenley gave him a fiendish look.
"what the devil has miss manning's matrimonial prospects got to dowith this inquiry?"
he said, and the venom in his tone was hardly tobe accounted for by furneaux's harmless-sounding query.
"one never knows," said the little man, taking the unexpected attackwith bland indifference.
"you don't appreciate our position in thismatter.
we are not judges, but guessers.
we sit in the stalls of atheater, watching people on the stage of real life playing four actsof a tragedy, and it is our business to construct the fifth, which isproduced in court.
let me give you a wildly supposititious version ofthat fifth act now.
suppose some neurotic fool was in love with missmanning, or her money, and mr. mortimer fenley opposed the project.
that would supply a motive for the murder.
do you take the point?"
"i'm sorry i blazed out at you.
miss manning is not engaged to bemarried, nor likely to be for many a day."
now, the obvious question was, "why, she being such an attractiveyoung lady?"
but furneaux never put obvious questions.
he turned towinter with the air of one who had nothing more to say.
his colleaguewas evidently perplexed, and showed it, but extricated the others froman awkward situation with the tact for which he was noted.
"i am much obliged to you for your candor in supplying such a clearsummary of the family history, mr. fenley," he said.
"of course, weshall be meeting you frequently during the next few days, anddevelopments can be discussed as they arise."
his manner, more than his words, conveyed an intimation that when theopportunity served he would trounce furneaux for an indiscretion.
fenley was mollified.
"command me in every way," he said.
"there is one more question, the last and the gravest," said winterseriously.
"do you suspect any one of committing this murder?"
on my soul and honor, no!"
"thank you, sir.
we'll tackle the butler now, if you please."
"i'll send him," said fenley.
probably in nervous forgetfulness, helighted a cigarette and went out, blowing two long columns of smokethrough his nostrils.
he might, or might not, have been pleased had heheard the reprimanding of furneaux.
"good stroke, that about the stage, charles," mumbled winter.
furneauxthrew out his hands with a gesture of disgust.
"what an actor the man is!"
he almost hissed, owing to the need therewas of subduing his piping voice to a whisper.
"every word thoughtout, but allowed to be dragged forth reluctantly.
putting brother bobinto the tureen, isn't he?
'on my soul and honor,' too!
don't youremember, some french blighter said that when an innocent man wasbeing made a political scapegoat?...
of course, the mother is aeurasian, and he has met her.
a nice dish he served up!
a salad ofeasily ascertainable facts with a dressing of lying innuendo.
name ofa pipe!
if master hilton hadn't been in the house----"a knock, and the door opened.
"you want me, gentlemen, i am informed by mr. hilton fenley," saidtomlinson.
there spoke the butler, discreet, precise, incapable of error.
tomlinson had recovered his breath and his dignity.
he was in his owndomain.
the very sight of the mid-victorian furniture gave himconfidence.
his skilled glance traveled to the decanter and the emptyglass.
he knew to a minim how much brandy had evaporated since hislast survey of the sideboard.
"sit down, tomlinson," said winter pleasantly.
"you must have beendreadfully shocked by this morning's occurrence."
tomlinson sat down.
he drew the chair somewhat apart from the table,knowing better than to place his elbows on that sacred spread ofpolished mahogany.
"i was, sir," he admitted.
"indeed, i may say i shall always beshocked by the remembrance of it."
"mr. mortimer fenley was a kindly employer?"
"one of the best, sir.
he liked things done just so, and could besharp if there was any laxity, but i have never received a cross wordfrom him."
"known him long?"
"ever since he come to the towers; nearly twenty years."
"mrs. fenley leaves the household entirely under my control, sir.
"she is an invalid."
"is she so ill that she can not be seen?"
"practically that, sir."
"been so for twenty years?"
he was prepared with an ample statement as to thecatastrophe which took place at nine thirty a. m., but this delvinginto bygone decades was unexpected and decidedly distasteful, it wouldseem.
"mrs. fenley is unhappily addicted to the drug habit, sir," he saidseverely, plainly hinting that there were bounds, even for detectives.
"i fancied so," was the dry response.
"however, i can understand andhonor your reluctance to reveal mrs. fenley's failings.
now, pleasetell us exactly what mr. fenley and mr. robert said to each other inthe hall last saturday morning."
how poor farrow, immured in his jungle, would have gloated overtomlinson's collapse when he heard those fatal words!
to his credit beit said, the butler had not breathed a word to a soul concerning thescene between father and son.
he knew nothing of an inquisitivehousemaid, and his tortured brain fastened on hilton fenley as thepaul pry.
unconsciously, he felt bitter against his new master fromthat moment.
"must i go into these delicate matters, sir?"
the man whom you respected so greatly has beenkilled, not in the course of a heated dispute, but as the outcome of abrutal and well-conceived plan.
bear that in mind, and you will seethat concealment of vital facts is not only unwise but disloyal."
winter rather let himself go in his earnestness.
he flushed slightly,and dared not look at furneaux lest he should encounter an admiringglance.
the butler, however, was far too worried to pay heed to hisquestioner's florid turn of speech.
he sighed deeply.
he felt like atimid swimmer in a choppy sea, knowing he was out of his depth yetcompelled to struggle blindly.
so, with broken utterance, he repeated the words which a rabbit-earedhousemaid had carried to bates.
nevertheless, even while he laboredon, he fancied that the detectives did not attach such weight to therecital as he feared.
he anticipated that winter would write eachsyllable in a notebook, and show an exceeding gravity of appreciation.
to his great relief, nothing of the kind happened.
winter's commentwas distinctly helpful.
"it must have been rather disconcerting for you to hear father andson quarreling openly," he said.
"sir, it was most unpleasant."
"now, did you form any opinion as to the cause of this bickering?
forinstance, did you imagine that mr. fenley wished his son to break offrelations with an undesirable acquaintance?"
"i did, sir."
"is either mr. hilton or mr. robert engaged to be married?
or, i hadbetter put it, had their father expressed any views as to either ofhis sons marrying suitably?"
"we, in the house, sir, had a notion that mr. fenley would like mr.robert to marry miss sylvia."
i expected that.
were these two young people of the same wayof thinking?"
"they were friendly, sir, but more like brother and sister.
you see,they were reared together.
it often happens that way when a younggentleman and young lady grow up from childhood in each other'scompany.
they never think of marriage, whereas the same younggentleman would probably fall head over heels in love with the sameyoung lady if he met her elsewhere."
broke in furneaux.
"tomlinson, do you drink port?"
the butler looked his astonishment, but answered readily enough--"my favorite wine, sir."
"i thought so.
taken in moderation, port induces sound reasoning.
ihave some alto douro of '61.
i'll bring you a bottle."
tomlinson was mystified, a trifle scandalized perhaps; but he bowedhis acknowledgments.
"sir, i will appreciate it greatly."
"i know you will.
my alto douro goes down no gullet but aconnoisseur's."
even in his agitation, tomlinson smiled.
what a queer little man this undersized detective was, to be sure, andhow oddly he expressed himself!
"i ask this just as a matter of form, but did mr. robert fenley takehis .450 express rifle when he went away on saturday?"
he had only a valise strapped to the carrier.
but i dohappen to know that the gun was in his room on friday, because fridayis my day for house inspection."
"i can't say, sir.
they would be in a drawer, or, more likely, in thegun room."
"where is this gun room?"
"next to the harness room, sir--second door to the right in thecourtyard."
"speaking absolutely in confidence, have you formed a theory as tothis murder?"
but if any sort of evidence is piled up against mr. robert ishall not credit it.
no power on earth could make me believe that hewould kill his father in cold blood.
he respected his father, sir.
he's a bit wild, as young men with too much money are apt to be, buthe was good-hearted and genuine."
"yet he did speak of blowing his own brains out, and his father's."
"that was his silly way of talking, sir.
he would say, 'tomlinson, ifyou tell the pater what time i came home last night i'll stab you tothe heart.'
when there was a bit of a family squabble he wouldthreaten to mix a gallon of weed-killer and drink every drop.
everything was rotten, or beastly, or awfully ripping.
he was not sowell educated as he ought to have been--mrs. fenley's fault entirely;and he hadn't the--the words----""the vocabulary."
"that's it, sir.
i see you understand."
"tomlinson," interrupted furneaux, "a famous american writer, oliverwendell holmes, described adjectives of that class as the blank checksof intellectual bankruptcy.
you have hit on the same great thought."
the butler smiled again.
he was beginning to like furneaux.
"you have never heard, i suppose, of mr. fenley receiving anythreatening letters?"
some stupid postcards were sent when he tried to close aright of way through the park; but they were merely ridiculous, andthat occurred years ago."
"so you, like the rest of us, feel utterly unable to assign a motivefor this crime?"
"sir, it's like a thunderbolt from a clear sky."
"were the brothers, or half brothers, on good terms with each other?"
tomlinson started at those words, "or half brothers."
he was notprepared for the superintendent's close acquaintance with the fenleyrecords.
"they're as different as chalk and cheese, sir," he said, after apause to collect his wits.
"mr. hilton is clever and well read, andcares nothing about sport, though he has a wonderful steady nerve.
yes, i mean that----" for winter's prominent eyes showed surprise atthe statement.
"he's a strange mixture, is mr. hilton.
he's a fairnailer with a revolver.
i've seen him hit a penny three times straightoff at twelve paces, and, when in the mind, he would bowl over runningrabbits with a rook rifle.
yet he never joined the shooting parties inoctober.
said it made him ill to see graceful birds shattered byclumsy folk.
all the same, he would ill-treat a horse somethingshameful.
i----"the butler bethought himself, and pulled up with a jerk.
but wintersmiled encouragingly.
"say what you had in mind," he said.
"you are not giving evidence.
you may rely on our discretion."
"well, sir, he's that sort of man who must have his own way, and whenthings went against him at home, he'd take it out of any servant oranimal that vexed him afterwards."
"it was not an ideally happy household, i take it?"
"things went along very smoothly, sir, all things considered.
theyhave been rather better since miss sylvia came home from brussels.
shewas worried about mrs. fenley at first, but gave it up as a bad job;and mr. fenley and the young gentlemen used to hide their differencesbefore her.
that was why mr. fenley and mr. robert blazed up in thehall on saturday.
they couldn't say a word in front of miss sylvia atthe breakfast table."
"the four always met at breakfast, then?"
"almost without fail, sir.
on monday and tuesday mornings mr. hiltonbreakfasted early, and his father was joking about it, for if any onewas late it would be him--or should i say 'he', sir?"
"i wouldn't have you alter your speech on any account," he grinned.
"why did mr. hilton turn over these new leaves on monday and tuesday?"
"he said he had work to do.
what it was i don't know, sir.
but hemanaged to miss the nine forty-five, and mr. fenley was vexed aboutit.
of course, i don't know why i am telling you these small things.
mr. hilton might be angry----"some one knocked.
harris, the footman, entered, a scared look on hisface.
"can you come a moment, mr.
"the undertaker ishere for the body."
"what is that?"
cried winter sharply.
the butler arose.
"didn't mr. hilton mention it, sir?"
"dr. stern must hold apost mortem before the inquest, and he suggested that it could becarried through more easily in the mortuary attached to the cottagehospital.
isn't that all right, sir?"
"oh, yes, i'm sorry.
i didn't understand.
go, by all means.
when they were alone, the two detectives remained silent for a longminute.
winter arose and looked through a window at the scene outside.
a closed hearse had arrived; some men were carrying in a rough coffinand three trestles.
there was none of the gorgeous trappings whichlend dignity to such transits in public.
polished oak and gleamingbrass and rare flowers would add pageantry later; this was the liveryof the dissecting-room.
growled winter over his shoulder.
"if only hilton had breakfasted early _this_ morning!"
"if the dog hadn't stopped to scratch himself he would have caught thehare," was the irritable answer.
"aren't you pleased with tomlinson, then?"
"the more he opened up the more puzzled i became.
by the way, youhardly asked him a thing, though you were keen on tackling himyourself."
"james, i'm an artist.
you handled him so neatly that i stood by andappreciated.
it would be mean to suggest that the prospect of a bottleof alto douro quickened his imagination.
i----"winter's hands were crossed behind his back, and his fingers worked inexpressive pantomime.
furneaux was by his side in an instant.
hiltonfenley was standing on the steps, a little below and to the left ofthe window.
he was gazing with a curiously set stare at the bust ofpolice constable farrow perched high among the trees to the right.
theobservers in the room had then an excellent opportunity to study himat leisure.
"more of asia than of europe in that face and figure," murmuredfurneaux.
"the odd thing is that he should be more interested in our sentinelthan in the disposal of his father's body," commented winter.
"a live donkey is always more valuable than a dead lion."
"we shall have to go to that wood soon, charles."
"your only failing is that you can't see the forest for the trees."
they were bickering, an ominous sign for some one yet unknown.
suddenly, far down the avenue, they saw a motor bicycle travelingfast.
hilton fenley saw it at the same moment and screened his eyeswith a hand, for he was bareheaded and the sun was now blazing withnoonday intensity.
winter thought the other had recognized the man crouched over thehandlebar.
"your sight must be good."
"i'm not using eyes, but brains.
who else can it be?
this is thepsychological moment which never fails.
bet you a new hat i'm right."
"i'm not buying you any new hats," said winter.
"look at hilton.
now, i wonder if the other one telephoned.
he'd have toldus.
he'd guess it would crop up in talk some time or other.
yes, themotorist is waving to him.
you can see his face.
it _is_robert, isn't it?"
"o sapient one!"
the meeting between the brothers was orthodox in its tragicfriendliness.
the onlookers could supply the words they were unable tohear.
robert fenley, bigger, heavier, altogether more british in buildand semblance than hilton, was evidently asking breathlessly if thenews he had read in london was true, and hilton was volubly explainingwhat had happened, pointing to the wood, the doorway, the hearse,emphasizing with many gestures the painful story he had to tell.
then the two young men mounted the steps, the inference being thatrobert fenley wished to see his father's body before it was removed.
apallor was spreading beneath the glow on the younger fenley'sperspiring face.
he was obviously shocked beyond measure.
grief andhorror had imparted a certain strength to somewhat sullen features.
hemight be a ne'er-do-well, a loose liver, a good deal of a fool,perhaps, but he was learning one of life's sharpest lessons; in time,it might bring out what was best in his character.
the detectivesunderstood now why the butler, who knew the boy even better than hisown father, deemed it impossible that he should be a parricide.
somemen are constitutionally incapable of committing certain crimes.
atleast, the public thinks so; scotland yard knows better, and studiescriminology with an open mind.
the brothers had hardly crossed the threshold of the house when aneldritch scream rang through the lofty hall.
the detectives hastenedfrom the dining-room, and forthwith witnessed a tableau which wouldhave received the envious approval of a skilled producer of melodrama.
the hall measured some thirty-five feet square, and was nearly aslofty, its ceiling forming the second floor.
the staircase was on theright, starting from curved steps in the inner right angle and makinga complete turn from a half landing to reach a gallery which ranaround three sides of the first floor.
the fourth contained thedoorway, with a window on each hand and four windows above.
the stairs and the well of the hall were of oak, polished as toparquet and steps, but left to age and color naturally as to wainscot,balusters and rails.
the walls of the upper floor were decorated inshades of dull gold and amber.
the general effect was superb, eitherin daylight or when a great venetian luster in the center of theceiling blazed with electric lights.
the body of the unfortunate banker had not been removed from the oakensettee at the back of the hall, and was still covered with a whitesheet.
an enormously stout woman, clothed in a dressing-gown of blacklace, was standing in the cross gallery and resisting the gentleefforts of sylvia manning, now attired in black, to take her away.
thestout woman's face was deathly white, and her distended eyes weregazing dully at the ominous figure stretched beneath.
two podgyhands, with rings gleaming on every finger, were clutching the carvedrailing, and the tenacity of their grip caused the knuckles to standout in white spots on the ivory-tinted skin.
this, then, was mrs. fenley, in whom some vague stirring of the spirithad induced a consciousness that all was not well in the householdwith which she "never interfered."
it was she who had uttered that ringing shriek when some flusteredmaid blurted out that "the master" was dead, and her dazed brain hadrealized what the sheet covered.
she lifted her eyes from thatterrifying object when her son entered with hilton fenley.
"they've killed your father!
why did you letthem do it?"
even in the agony of the moment the distraught young man was awarethat his mother was in no fit state to appear thus openly.
"mother," he said roughly, "you oughtn't to be here, you know.
do goto your room with sylvia.
i'll come soon, and explain everything."
"explain your father's death!
who killed him?
tell me that, and i'll tear them with my nails.
but is he dead?
didthat hussy lie to me?
you all tell me lies because you think i am afool.
let me alone, sylvia.
i _will_ go to my husband.
let me alone,or i'll strike you!"
by sheer weight she forced herself free from the girl's hands, andtottered down the stairs.
at the half landing she fell to her knees,and sylvia ran to pick her up.
then hilton fenley seemed to arousehimself from a stupor.
flinging a command at the servants, he rushedto sylvia's assistance, and, helped by tomlinson and a couple offootmen, half carried the screaming and fighting woman up the stairsand along a corridor.
thus it happened that robert fenley was left in the hall with the deadbody of his father.
he stood stock still, and seemed to follow withdisapproval the manner of the disappearance of the poor creature whomhe called mother.
her shrieks redoubled in volume as she understoodthat she would not be allowed to see her husband's corpse, and her sonadded to the uproar by shouting loudly:"hi, there!
don't ill-treat her, or i'll break all your ---- necks!
confound you, be gentle with her!"
he listened till a door slammed, and a sudden cessation of the tumultshowed that some one, in sheer self-defense, had given her morphia,the only sedative that could have any real effect.
then he turned, andbecame aware of the presence of the two detectives.
"well," he said furiously, "who are you, and what the blazes do youwant here?
get out, both of you, or i'll have you chucked out!"
the head of the criminal investigation department was not the sort ofman to accept meekly whatsoever coarse commands robert fenley chose tofling at him.
he met the newcomer's angry stare with a cold and steadyeye.
"you should moderate your language in the presence of death, mr.fenley," he said.
"we are here because it is our duty.
you, on yourpart, would have acted more discreetly had you gone to your mother'sassistance instead of swearing at those who were acting for the bestunder trying conditions."
"damn your eyes, are you speaking to me?"
came the wrathful cry.
"surely you have been told that your father is lying there dead!"
wenton winter sternly.
"mrs. fenley might have yielded readily to yourpersuasion, but your help took the form of threatening people whoadopted the only other course possible.
calm yourself, sir, and try toremember that the father from whom you parted in anger has beenmurdered.
my colleague and i represent scotland yard; we were broughthere by your brother.
see that you meet us in the dining-room in aquarter of an hour.
and, stirred for once to a feeling of deep annoyance, the big manstrode out into the open air, with a sublime disregard for either theanger or the alarm struggling for mastery in robert fenley's sullenface.
he said, drawing a deep breath before descending the steps.
"what an unlicked cub!
and they wanted to marry that girl to him!"
"it sha'n't be done, james," said furneaux.
"i actually lost my temper," puffed the other.
"tell you what!
let's put the inspector on to him.
tell the localsleuths half what we know, and they'll run him in like a shot."
he's all talk.
tomlinson is right.
the neurotic hilton has morenerve in his little finger than that dolt in the whole of his body."
"what did you think of his boots?"
"i shall be surprised if they don't fit those footprints exactly."
the left heel is evenly worn, but the right bears on theouter edge.
let's cool our fevered brows under the greenwood tree tillthis hearse is out of the way."
the butler, who had asked the undertaker's assistants to suspendoperations when robert fenley arrived, now appeared at the door andsignaled the men that they were free to proceed with their work.
thedetectives strolled into the wood, and soon were bending over somecurious blotchy marks which somehow suggested the passage of apad-footed animal rather than a human being.
bates, of course, wouldhave noted them had he not been on the alert for footprints alone, butthey had stared at winter and furneaux from the instant theirregularity became apparent.
they represented a stride considerablyshorter than the average length of a man's pace, and were stronglymarked when the surface was spongy enough to receive an impression.
except, however, in the slight hollow already described, the groundwas so dry that traces of every sort were lost.
in the vicinity of therock, too, the only marks left were the scratches in the moss adheringto the steep sides of the bowlder itself.
"what do you make of 'em, charles?"
inquired winter, when both hadpuzzled for some minutes over the uncommon signs.
"some one has thought out the footprint as a clue pretty thoroughly,"said furneaux.
"he not only took care to leave a working model of oneset, but was extremely anxious not to provide any data as to his owntootsies, so he fastened a bundle of rags under each boot, and walkedlike a cat on walnut shells."
"when we find the gun, too--it's somewhere in this wood--you'll seethat the fingerprints won't help," he replied thoughtfully.
"the manwho remembered to safeguard his feet would not forget his hands.
we'reup against a tough proposition, young fellow-me-lad."
"your way of thinking reminds me of herbert spencer's reason for notlearning latin grammar as a youth," grinned furneaux.
"it would be a pity to spoil one of your high-class jokes; so what wasthe reason?"
"he refused to accept any statement unaccompanied by proof.
theagreement of an adjective with its noun displeased him, because anarbitrary rule merely said it was so."
"an ingenious excuse for not learning a lesson, but i don't see----""consider.
mortimer fenley was shot dead at nine thirty this morning,and the bullet which killed him came from the neighborhood of the rockabove our heads.
one shot was fired.
it was so certain, so true ofaim, that the murderer made sure of hitting him--at a fairly longrange, too.
how many men were there in roxton and easton thismorning--was there even one woman?--capable of sighting a rifle withsuch calm confidence of success?
mind you, fenley had to be killeddead.
a severe wound from which he might recover wouldnot meet the case at all.
again, how many rifles are there in theunited parishes of roxton and easton of the type which fires expandingbullets?"
"of course, those vital facts narrow down the field, but hilton fenleywas unquestionably in the house."
furneaux cackled shrilly.
"you're in herbert's class, charles," he cried, delighted at havingtrapped his big friend.
"pardon me, gentlemen," said a voice from among the leaves, "but ithought you might like to know that mr. robert fenley is starting offagain on his motor bike."
even as police constable farrow spoke they heard the loud snorting ofan exhaust, marking the initial efforts of a motor bicycle's engine toget under way.
in a few seconds came the rhythmic beat of the machineas it gathered speed; the two men looked at each other and laughed.
"master robert defies the majesty of the law," said winter dryly.
"perhaps, taking one consideration with another, it's the best thinghe could have done."
"he is almost bound to enter london by the edgware road," saidfurneaux instantly.
i noticed the make and number of his machine.
aplain-clothes man on an ordinary bicycle can follow him easily frombrondesbury onwards.
time him, and get on the telephone while i keephilton in talk.
if we're mistaken we'll ring up brondesbury again."
winter was curtly official in tone when hilton fenley came downstairsat his request.
"why did your brother rush off in such an extraordinary hurry?"
"how can i tell you?"
was the reply, given offhandedly, as if thematter was of no importance.
"he comes and goes without consulting mywishes, i assure you."
"but i requested him to meet me here at this very hour.
there arequestions he has to answer, and it would have been best in his owninterests had he not shirked them."
"i agree with you fully.
i hadn't the least notion he meant goinguntil i looked out on hearing the bicycle, and saw him racing down theavenue."
"do you think, sir, he is making for london?"
"i suppose so.
that is where he came from.
he says he heard of hisfather's death through the newspapers, and it would not surprise me inthe least if i did not see him again until after the funeral."
"thank you, sir.
i'm sorry i bothered you, but i imagined or hoped hehad given you some explanation.
his conduct calls for it."
the superintendent's manner had gradually become more suave.
herealized that these fenleys were queer folk.
like the pharisee, "theywere not as other men," but whether the difference between them andthe ordinary mortal arose from pride or folly or fear it was hard tosay.
hilton fenley smiled wanly.
"bob is adopting the supposed tactics of the ostrich when pursued," hesaid.
"but no one is pursuing him."
"i am speaking metaphorically, of course.
he is in distress, and hidesbehind the first bush.
he has no moral force--never had.
physically hedoesn't know what fear is, but the specters of the mind loom large inhis eyes.
and now, superintendent, i am just on the point of leavingfor london.
i shall return about six thirty.
do you remain?"
i shall return to town almost immediately.
mr. furneaux willstop here.
can he have a bedroom in the house?"
tomlinson will look after him.
you are not going cityward,i suppose?"
but if you care to have a seat in my car----""no, thanks.
the train is quicker and takes me direct to londonbridge.
fenley hurried to the cloakroom, which was situated under the stairs,but on a lower level than the hall.
the telephone box was placedthere, and furneaux emerged as the other ran down a few steps.
thelittle man hailed him cheerfully.
"i suppose, now," he said, "that hot headed brother of yours thinks hehas dodged scotland yard till it suits his convenience to beinterviewed.
strange how people insist on regarding us as novices inour own particular line.
now you wouldn't make that mistake, sir."
i wouldn't run away, if that is what you mean."
"i'm sure of that, sir.
but mr. robert has committed the additionalfolly, from his point of view, of letting us know why he was sodesperately anxious to get back to london."
"but he didn't say a word!"
"ah, words, idle words!
"words are like leaves; and where they most abound          much fruit of sense beneath is rarely found.
"it is actions that count, sir.
deeds, not words.
now, mr. robert hasbeen kind enough to give us the eloquent facts, because he will befollowed from the suburbs and his whereabouts watched most carefully."
i hadn't thought of that," said hilton fenley slowly.
twoideas were probably warring in his brain at that moment.
one classedfurneaux as a garrulous idiot; the other suggested that there might bemethod in such folly.
"that's a clever simile of pope's about dense leaves betokeningscarcity of fruit," went on furneaux.
"of course, it might be pushedtoo far.
think what a poisonous dead sea apple the quarry woodcontained.
your father's murder might not have been possible todaybut for the cover given by the trees."
fenley selected a dark overcoat and derby hat.
he wore a black tie,but had made no other change in his costume.
"you are quite a literary detective, mr. furneaux," he commented.
"more literal than literary, sir.
i have little leisure for reading,but i own an excellent memory.
nothing to boast of in that.
it'sindispensable in my profession."
well, i must hurry away now.
see you later."
he hastened out.
his manner seemed to hint an annoyance; it conveyedindefinitely but subtly a suggestion that his father's death was fartoo serious a thing to be treated with such levity.
furneaux sauntered slowly to the front door.
by that time the fenleycar was speeding rapidly down the avenue.
"with luck," he said to winter, who had joined him, "with any sort ofluck both brothers should pass their father's body on the way to themortuary.
sometimes, o worthy chief, i find myself regretting the waysand means of the days of old, when men believed in the judicium dei.
"neither of those sons went near his dead father.
if one of them haddared i wonder whether the blood would have liquefied.
do youremember, in the 'nibelungenlied,' that hagen is forced to prove hisinnocence by touching siegfried's corpse--and fails?
that is thepoint--he fails.
our own shakespeare knew the dodge.
when henry vi wasbeing borne to chertsey in an open coffin, the lady anne made glostersquirm by her cry:          "o gentlemen, see, see!
dead henry's wounds          open their congeal'd mouths, and bleed afresh.
"why then did those sons fight shy of touching their father's body?
had it been your father or mine who was beaten down by a murderer'sspite, we would surely have given him one fare-well clasp of thehand."
winter recognized the symptoms.
his diminutive friend was examiningthe embryo of a theory already established in his mind.
it was amere shadow, something vague and dark and uncertain in outline.
butit existed, and would assume recognizable shape when an activeimagination had fitted some shreds of proof to that which was yetwithout form and void.
at that crisis, contradiction was a tonic.
"i think you're in error in one respect," said winter quietly.
"hiltonfenley went to his father's assistance, and we don't know whether ornot robert did not approach the body."
"you're wrong, most sapient one.
before telephoning brondesbury iasked harris to tell me exactly what happened after the banker droppedat his feet.
harris shouted and knelt over him.
miss manning ran andlifted his head.
tomlinson, harris and brodie carried him to thesettee.
hilton fenley never touched him."
"what of robert?
we cleared out, leaving him there alone."
"i watched him until the undertaker's men were called back.
up to thattime he hadn't moved.
bet you a new hat the men will tell you he neverwent nearer."
"you buy your own new hats," said winter.
"do you want me to stand youtwo a day?
i'm off to the yard.
i'll look up two lines in town.
'phonethrough if you want help and i'll come.
you sleep here tonight if youcare to.
tomlinson will provide.
how about the wood?"
"you'll see that artist, trenholme?"
"and the bedrooms?"
"going there now."
sorry i must quit, but i'm keen to clear up that telephonecall."
"if you're in the office about six i'll tell you the whole story."
"charles," said winter earnestly, placing a hand on his colleague'sshoulder, "we gain nothing by rushing our fences.
this is the toughestjob we've handled this year; there's a hard road to travel before wesit down and prepare a brief for counsel."
"of course, i meant the story up to the six o'clock instalment."
he sprang into the car, the chauffeur having alreadystarted the engine in obedience to a word from the superintendent.
"stop at the brondesbury police station," was the order, and furneauxwas left alone.
he reëntered the house and crooked a finger at thebutler, who had not summoned up courage to retire to his own sanctum,though a midday meal was awaiting him.
"take me upstairs," said the detective.
"i shall not detain you manyminutes.
then you and i will have a snack together and you'll borrow abicycle for me, and i sha'n't trouble you any more till a late hour."
"no trouble at all, sir," tomlinson assured him.
"if i could advanceyour inquiry in the least degree i'd fast cheerfully all day."
"what i like about you, tomlinson, is your restraint," said furneaux.
"many a man would have offered to fast a week, not meaning to denyhimself a toothful five minutes longer than was avoidable.
now youreally mean what you say----ah, this is mr. robert's den.
and that ishis bedroom, with dressing-room adjoining.
very cozy, to be sure.
ofcourse, the rooms have been dusted regularly since he disappeared onsaturday?"
"every day, sir."
"well, i hate prying into people's rooms.
beastly liberty, i call it.
now for mr.
"is that all, sir?"
inquired the butler, manifestly surprised by thecursory glance which the detective had given around the suite ofapartments.
"all at present, thank you.
like the danites' messengers, i'm onlyspying out the lie of the land.
ah, each brother occupied a corner ofthe east wing.
robert, north, hilton, south--a most equitablearrangement.
now these rooms show signs of tenancy, eh?"
they were standing in hilton fenley's sitting-room, having traversedthe whole of the gallery around the hall to reach it.
the remains of afire in the grate caught furneaux's eye, and the butler coughedapologetically.
"mr. hilton won't have his rooms touched, sir, until he leaves home ofa morning," he said.
"he likes to find his papers, et cetera, where heput them overnight.
as a rule the housemaid comes here soon afterbreakfast, but this morning--naturally----""of course, of course," assented the other promptly.
"everything is atsixes and sevens.
would you mind sending the girl here?
i'd like tohave a word with her."
tomlinson moved ponderously towards an electric bell.
"no," said furneaux.
just ask her to come.
then she canbring me to your place and we'll nibble something.
meanwhile i'llenjoy this view."
that will suit me admirably."
tomlinson walked out with stately tread.
his broad back was scarcelyturned before the detective's nimble feet had carried him into thebedroom, which stood in the southeast angle.
he seemed to fly aroundthe room like one possessed of a fiend of unrest.
picking up a glasstumbler, he sniffed it and put it in a pocket.
he peered at the bed,the dressing-table, the carpet; opened drawers and wardrobe doors,examined towels in the bathroom, and stuffed one beneath hiswaistcoat.
running back to the sitting-room, he found a torn envelope, and beganpicking up some specks of grit from the carpet, each of which wentinto a corner of the envelope, which he folded and stowed away.
thenhe bent over the fireplace and rummaged among the cinders.
threecalcined lumps, not wholly consumed, appeared to interest him.
anewspaper was handy; he wrapped the grimy treasure trove in a sheet,and that small parcel also went into a pocket.
when a swish of skirts on the stairs announced the housemaid heretreated to the bedroom, and the girl found him standing at a southwindow, gazing out over the fair vista of the italian terraces and therolling parkland.
"yes, sir," said the girl timidly.
he turned, as if he had not heard her approach.
she was pale, and hereyes were red, for the feminine portion of the household was in astate of collapse.
"i only wanted to ask why a fire is laid in the sitting-room in suchfine weather," he said.
"mr. hilton sits up late, sir, and if the evening is at all chilly, heputs a match to the grate himself."
"ah, a silly question.
don't tell anybody i spoke of it or they'llthink me a funny detective, won't they?"
he smiled genially, and the girl's face brightened.
"i don't see that, sir," she said.
"i don't know why mr. hilton wanteda fire last night.
it was quite hot.
i slept with my window wideopen."
"a very healthy habit, too.
do you attend to mr. robert's suite?"
"does _he_ have a fire?"
"never in the summer, sir."
"he's a warmer-blooded creature than mr. hilton, i fancy."
"i expect so, sir."
"well, now, there's nothing here.
but we detectives have to nosearound everywhere.
i'm sure you are terribly upset by your master'sdeath.
everybody gives him a good word."
"indeed, he deserved it, sir.
we all liked him.
he was strict but verygenerous."
furneaux chatted with her while they descended the stairs andtraversed devious passages till the butler's room was gained.
by thattime the housemaid was convinced that mr. furneaux was "a very niceman."
when she "did" hilton fenley's rooms she missed the glass, butgave no heed to its absence.
who would bother about a glass in a housewhere murder had been done?
she simply replaced it by another of thesame pattern.
"may i inquire, sir," said tomlinson, when furneaux had washed faceand hands and was seated at a table laid for two, "may i inquire ifyou have any preference as to a luncheon wine?"
"i think," said furneaux with due solemnity, "that a still wine----""i agree with you, sir.
at this time of the day a sauterne or ajohannisberger----""to my taste, a château yquem, with that delicate flavor which leavesthe palate fresh--frenchmen call it the _sève_----""sir, i perceive that you have a taste.
singularly enough, i have abottle of château yquem in my sideboard."
so the meal was a success.
an under gardener lent furneaux a bicycle.
after a chat with farrow,to whom he conveyed some sandwiches and a bottle of beer, thedetective rode to easton.
he sent a rather long telegram to his ownquarters, called at a chemist's, and reached the white horse at roxtonabout two o'clock.
*       *       *       *       *now the imp of mischance had contrived that john trenholme should hearno word of the murder until he came downstairs for luncheon after amorning's steady work.
the stout eliza, fearful lest mary should forestall her with the news,bounced out from the kitchen when his step sounded on the stairs.
"there was fine goin's on in the park this morning, mr. trenholme,"she began breathlessly.
he reddened at once, and avoided her fiery eye.
of course, it had beendiscovered that he had watched that girl bathing.
dash it all, hisaction was unintentional!
what a bore!
"mr. fenley was shot dead on his own doorstep," continued eliza.
she gave proper emphasis to the concluding words.
that a man shouldbe murdered "on his own doorstep" was a feature of the crime thatenhanced the tragedy in the public mind.
the shooting was bad enoughin itself, for rural england is happily free from such horrors; butswift and brutal death dealt out on one's own doorstep was a thing atonce monstrous and awe-compelling.
eliza, perhaps, wondered why mr.trenholme flushed, but she fully understood the sudden blanching ofhis face at her tidings, for all roxton was shaken to its foundationswhen the facts slowly percolated in that direction.
"could that be the shot i heard?"
"he was killed at half past nine, sir."
"then it was!
a keeper heard it, too--and a policeman--our roxtonpoliceman."
"that would be farrow," said eliza.
"what was _he_ doin', thelazy-bones, that he couldn't catch the villain?"
"the man who killed poor mr.
"they know who did it, then?"
there's all sorts o' tales flyin' about, but you can'tbelieve any of 'em."
"but why are you blaming farrow?
he's a good fellow.
no realscoundrel can sing.
read any novel, any newspaper report.
'theprisoner's voice was harsh and unmusical.'
you've seen those wordsscores of times."
in his relief at learning that his own escapade was not publishedbroadcast, trenholme had momentarily forgotten the dreadful nature ofeliza's statement.
she followed him into the dining-room.
"you'll be a witness, i suppose," she said, anxious to secure detailsof the shot-firing.
he repeated blankly.
there can't be a deal o' folk who heard the gun go off."
"by jove, eliza, i believe you're right," he said, gazing at her indismay.
"now that i come to think of it, i am probably the only personin existence who can say where that shot came from.
it was a rifle,too.
i spoke of it to the keeper and farrow."
"i was sure something would happen when i dreamed of suffrigettes thismornin'.
an' that comes of playin' pranks, mr. trenholme.
if it wasn'tfor that alarm clock----""oh, come, eliza," he broke in.
"an alarm clock isn't a gatling gun.
your association of ideas is faulty.
there is much in common betweenthe clatter of an alarm clock and the suffragist cause, but all theladies promised not to endanger life, you know."
"anyhow, mr. fenley is dead as a doornail," said eliza firmly.
i take back all the hard things i said about him, and i'msure you do the same."
didn't you say all the fenleys were rubbish?
one of them, at anyrate, was wrongly classified."
trenholme bethought himself in time.
"this unfortunate banker, of course," he said.
"i'd a notion you meant miss sylvia.
she's pretty as apicter--prettier than some picters i've seen--and folk speak well ofher.
but she's not a fenley."
at any other time the artist would have received that thrust _entierce_ with a _riposte_; at present, eliza's facts were moreinteresting than her wit.
"who is the lady you are speaking of?"
he asked guardedly.
"mr. fenley's ward, miss sylvia manning.
they say she's rich.
some schemin' man will turn her head, i'll go bail, an'all for the sake of her brass."
"most likely a one-legged gunner, name of jim."
"well, it won't be a two-legged painter, name of jack!"
and elizabounced out.
now, mary of the curl papers, having occasion to go upstairs whiletrenholme was eating, peeped through the open door of the room whichhe had converted into a studio.
she saw a picture on the easel, andthe insatiable curiosity of her class led her to examine it.
even acountry kitchen maid came under its spell instantly.
after a pause ofmingled admiration and shocked prudery, she sped to the kitchen.
"seein' is believin'," quoted eliza, mounting the stairs in her turn.
she gazed at the drawing brazenly, with hands resting on hips and headcocked sidewise like an inquisitive hen's.
"well, i never did!"
was her verdict.
back in the kitchen again, she announced firmly to mary--"_i'll_ take in the cheese."
she put the stilton on the table with a determined air.
"you don't know anything about miss sylvia manning, don't you?"
shesaid, with calm guile.
"never heard the lady's name before you mentioned it," said trenholme.
"mebbe not, but it strikes me you've _seen_ more of her than mostfolk."
"eliza," he cried, without any pretense at smiling good humor, "you'vebeen sneaking!"
"sneakin', you call it?
i 'appened to pass your room, an' who couldhelp lookin' in?
i was never so taken aback in me life.
you could ha'knocked me down with a feather."
"an ostrich feather with an ostrich's leg behind it," was the angryretort.
eliza's eyes glinted with the fire of battle.
"the shameless ways of girls nowadays!"
"to let anyyoung man gaze at her in them sort of clothes, if you can call 'emclothes!"
"it was an accident.
she didn't know i was there.
anyhow, you dareutter another word about that picture, even hint at its existence, andi'll paint you without any clothes at all.
i mean that, so beware!"
"sorry to interrupt," said a high-pitched voice from the doorway.
"you are mr. john trenholme, i take it?
may i come in?
"jim, of the royal artillery?"
demanded trenholme angrily.
charles françois, of scotland yard."
eliza fled, completely cowed.
she began to weep, in noisy gulps.
"i've dud-dud-done it!"
she explained to agitated curl papers.
"thatpup-pup-pore mr. trenholme.
they've cuc-cuc-come for him.
he'll belul-lul-locked up, an' all along o' my wu-wu-wicked tongue!"
trenholme, rather interested than otherwise, did not blanch at mentionof scotland yard.
"walk right in, mr. furneaux," he said; he had picked up a few tricksof speech from transatlantic brethren of the brush met at julien's.
"have you lunched?"
"excellently," was the reply.
"not in roxton.
i defy you to produce a cook in this village thatshall compare with our eliza of the white horse."
"sir, my thoughts do not dwell on viands.
true, i ate with a butler,but i drank wine with a connoisseur.
it was a château yquem of theeighties."
"then you should be in expansive mood.
before you demand with a scowlwhy i shot mr. fenley you might tell me why the headquarters of thelondon police is named scotland yard."
"because it was first housed in a street of that name near trafalgarsquare.
scotland yard was a palace at one time, built in a spirit ofmistaken hospitality for the reception of prominent scots visitinglondon.
we entertained so many and so lavishly that 'gang sooth' hasbecome a proverb beyond the tweed."
"there is virtue, i perceive, in a bottle of château yquem--or was ittwo?"
"in one there is light, but two might produce fireworks.
now, sir, ifyou have finished luncheon, kindly take me to your room and show methe sketches you made this morning."
the artist raised an inquiring eyebrow.
"i have the highest respect for your profession in the abstract, butit is new to find it dabbling in art criticism," he said.
"i assure you, mr. trenholme, that any drawings of yours made in theneighborhood of the towers before half past nine o'clock today will bemost valuable pieces of evidence--if nothing more."
though furneaux's manner was grave as an owl's, a certain gleam in hiseye gave the requisite sting to the concluding words.
trenholme, atany other time, would have delighted in him, but dropped his banteringair forthwith.
"i don't mind exhibiting my work," he said.
"it will not be a novelexperience.
come this way."
watched by two awe-stricken women from the passage leading to thekitchen, the artist and his visitor ascended the stairs.
trenholmewalked straight to the easel, took off the drawing of sylvia manningand the aphrodite, placed it on the floor face to the wall, andstaged the sketch of the elizabethan house.
furneaux screwed hiseyelids to secure a half light; then, making a cylinder of his righthand, peered through it with one eye.
"corot, with some of the breadth of constable.
forgive the comparisons, mr. trenholme.
of course, the style is yourown, but one uses the names of accepted masters largely as adjectivesto explain one's meaning.
you are a true impressionist.
you paintnature as you see her, not as she is, yet your technique is superb andyour observation just.
for instance, every shadow in this lovelydrawing shows that the hour was about eight o'clock.
but, in paintingfigures, i have no doubt you sink the impressionist in the realist....the other sketch, please."
"the other sketch is a mere color note for future guidance," saidtrenholme offhandedly.
"it happens also to be a recognizable portrait of miss sylvia manning.
i'm sorry, but i must see it."
"suppose i refuse?"
"it will be obtained by other methods than a polite request."
"i'm afraid i shall have to run the risk."
"no, you won't."
and the detective's tone became eminently friendly.
"you'll just produce it within the next half minute.
you are not thesort of man who would care to drag a lady's name into a police-courtwrangle, which can be the only outcome of present stubbornness on yourpart.
i know you were hidden among those cedars between, say, eighto'clock and half past nine.
i know that miss manning bathed in a lakewell within your view.
i know, too, that you sketched her, because isaw the canvas a moment ago--an oil, not a water color.
these thingsmay or may not be relevant to an inquiry into a crime, but they willcertainly loom large in the public mind if the police have to explainwhy they needed a warrant to search your apartments."
furneaux had gauged the artistic temperament accurately.
withoutanother word of protest trenholme placed the disputed canvas on theeasel.
"do you smoke?"
inquired the detective suddenly.
what the deuce has my smoking got to do with it?"
"i fancied that, perhaps, you might like to have a pipe while iexamine this gem at leisure.
one does not gabble the common-places oflife when in the presence of the supreme in art.
i find that a reallyfine picture induces a feeling of reverence, an emotion akin to theinfluence of a mountain range, or a dim cathedral.
pray burn incense.
i am almost tempted to regret being a non-smoker."
trenholme had heard no man talk in that strain since last he satoutside the café margery and watched the stream of life flowing alongthe grand boulevard.
almost unconsciously he yielded to the spell of afamiliar jargon, well knowing he had been inspired in every touchwhile striving frenziedly to give permanence to a fleeting vision.
hefilled his pipe, and surveyed the detective with a quickened interest.
furneaux gazed long and earnestly.
he murmured, after that rapt pause.
"such a portrait, too,without any apparent effort!
just compare the cold sunlight on thestatue with the same light falling on wet skin.
of course, mr.trenholme, you'll send this to the salon.
burlington house findssatiety in mayors and masters of fox hounds."
"good, isn't it?"
"what a cursed spite that it mustbe consumed in flame!"
cried furneaux, unfeignedly horrified.
"dash it all, man, i can never copy it.
and you wouldn't have meblazon that girl's face in a gallery after today's tragedy!"
the detective snapped his fingers.
"i shall have mr. fenley's murderer hanged longbefore your picture is hung.
london provides one front-rank tragedy aweek, but not another such masterpiece in ten years.
burn it becauseof a sentiment!
perish the thought."
"if i had guessed you were coming here so promptly it would have beenin ashes an hour ago," said trenholme, grimly insistent on sacrifice.
with a disconcerting change of manner the detective promptly assumed adryly official attitude.
"a mighty good job for you that nothing of the sort occurred," hesaid.
"your picture is your excuse, mr. trenholme.
what plea could youhave urged for spying on a lady in an open-air bath if deprived of theonly valid one?"
came the angry retort.
"you seem to be a pretty fairjudge of a drawing, but you choose your words rather carelessly.
justnow you described me as 'hidden' behind that clump of trees, and againyou accuse me of 'spying.'
i won't stand that sort of thing fromscotland yard, nor from buckingham palace, if it comes to that."
furneaux instantly reverted to his french vein.
his shrug waseminently parisian.
"you misunderstand me.
i allege neither hiding nor spying on yourpart.
name of a good little gray man!
the president of the royalacademy would hide and spy for a month if he could palliate hisconduct by that picture.
but, given no picture, what is the answer?
reflect calmly, mr. trenholme, and you'll see that mine are words ofwisdom.
burn that canvas, and you cut a sorry figure in the witnessbox.
moreover, suppose you treat the law with disdain, how do youpropose explaining your actions to miss sylvia manning?"
"in all probability, i shall never meet the lady."
"oh, won't you, indeed!
i have the honor to request you to meet hertomorrow morning by the shore of that sylvan lake at nine fifteen,sharp.
and kindly bring both sketches with you.
only, for goodness'sake, keep this one covered with a water-proof wrap if the weatherbreaks, which it doesn't look like doing at this moment.
now, mr.trenholme, take the advice of a dried-up chip of experience like me,and be sensible.
one word as to actualities.
i'm told you didn't seeanything in the park which led you to believe that a crime had beencommitted?"
"not a thing.
i heard the gunshot, and noted where it came from, butso far as i could ascertain, the only creatures it disturbed were somerabbits, rooks and pheasants."
where did the pheasants show up?"
"out of the wood, close to the spot where the rifle was fired."
"how many what?"
they flew right across the south front of the house to acovert on the west side.
is that an important detail?"
"when you hear the evidence you may find it so," commented furneaux.
"why do you say 'rifle'?
why not plain 'gun'?"
"because any one who has handled both a rifle and a shotgun canrecognize the difference in sound.
the explosive force of the one ismany times greater than that of the other."
"are you, too, an expert marksman?"
"i can shoot a bit.
hardly an expert, perhaps, seeing that i haven'tused a gun during the past five years.
if you know france, mr.furneaux, you'll agree that british ideas of sport----""i do know france," broke in the detective.
"there isn't a cock robinor a jenny wren left in the country.... as a mere formality, whatmagazine are you working for?"
trenholme told him, and furneaux hurried away, halting for an instantin the doorway to raise a warning finger.
"tomorrow, at the cedars, nine fifteen," he said.
"and, mind you, noholocausts, or you're up a gum tree.
you were either painting a prettygirl or gloating over her.
prove the one and people won't think theother, which they will be only too ready to do, this being a cynicaland suspicious world."
he left a bewildered artist glaring after him.
trenholme'sacquaintance with the police, either of england or france, was of theslightest.
sometimes, when overexcited by the discovery of some newand entrancing upland in the domain of art, he had bought or borroweda volume of light fiction in order to read himself to sleep, and adetective figured occasionally in such pages.
usually, the officialwas a pig-headed idiot, whose blunders and narrow-mindedness served asadmirable whetstones for the preternaturally sharp intelligence of anamateur investigator of crime.
trenholme, like the average reader, did not know that suchself-appointed sleuths are snubbed and despised by scotland yard, thatthey seldom or never base their fantastic theories on facts, or that,in fiction, they act in a way which would entail their own speedyappearance in the dock if practiced in real life.
furneaux came as apositive revelation.
a small, wiry individual who looked like acomedian and spouted the truisms of the studio, a wizened littlewhippersnapper who put hardly one direct question to a prospectivewitness, but whose caustic comments had placed a new and vastlydisagreeable aspect on the morning's adventure--such a man to be therepresentative of staid and heavy-footed scotland yard!
well, wonderswould never cease.
it was not for a bewildered artist yet to know thatfurneaux's genius alone excused his eccentricities.
and he, trenholme, was to meet the girl!
he turned to the easel andlooked at the picture.
a few hours ago he had reviled the fate thatseemed to forbid their meeting.
now he was to be brought to her,though somewhat after the fashion of a felon with gyves on his wrists,since furneaux's request for the morrow's rendezvous rang ominouslylike a command.
indeed, indeed, it was a mad world!
at any rate, he did not, as he had intended, tear the canvas from itsstretcher and apply a match to it in the grate.
thus far, then, hadfurneaux's queer method been justified.
he had hit on the one certainmeans of restraint on an act of vandalism.
the picture now stoodbetween trenholme and the scoffing multitude.
it was his buckleragainst the shafts of innuendo.
rather than lose it before his actionswere vindicated he would suffer the depletion to the last penny of anot altogether meager bank account.
of course, this open-souled youngster never dreamed that the detectivehad read his style and attributes in one lightning-swift glance ofintuition.
before ever trenholme was aware of a stranger standing inthe open doorway of the dining-room furneaux had taken his measure.
"english, a gentleman, art-trained in paris.
thinks the loss of lagiaconde a far more serious event than a revolution, and regards thefuturist school pretty much as the home secretary regards the militantsuffragists.
knows as much about the murder as i do about the rings ofsaturn.
but he ought to provide a touch of humor in an affair thatpromises little else than heavy tragedy.
and it will do miss sylviamanning some good if she is made to see that there are others thanfenleys in the world.
so, have at him!"
while going downstairs, the detective became aware of some sniffing inthe back passage.
eliza red-eyed now from distress, stood there,dabbing her cheeks with a corner of her apron.
"pup-pup-please, sir," she began, but quailed under a sudden andpenetrating look from those beady eyes.
"well, what is it?"
a violent nudge from curl papers stirred the cook's wits.
"i do hope you dud-dud-didn't pay any heed to anythink i was a-sayin'of," she stammered.
"mr. trenholme wouldn't hurt a fuf-fuf-fly.
isus-sus-saw the picter, an' was on'y a-teasin' of 'im, like asus-sus-silly woman."
yet he heaps coals of fire on your head by declaring thatyou are the best cook in hertfordshire!
is that true?"
furneaux's impish grin was a tonic in itself.
eliza dropped the apronand squared her elbows.
"i don't know about bein' the best in hertfordshire," she cried, "buti can hold me own no matter where the other one comes from, providedwe start fair."
"take warning, then, that if i bring a man here tomorrow evening--abig man, with a round head and bulging blue eyes--a man who looks asthough he can use a carving-knife with discretion--you prepare adinner worthy of the reputation of the white horse!
in that way, andin none other, can you rehabilitate your character."
furneaux was gone before eliza recovered her breath.
then she turnedon the kitchen maid.
"wot was it he said about my char-ac-ter?"
she demanded warmly.
"an'wot are _you_ grinnin' at?
if it wasn't for _your_ peepin' an' pryin'i'd never ha' set eyes on that blessed picter.
you go an' put on ablack dress, an' do yer hair respectable, an' mind yer don't spendhalf an hour perkin' an' preenin' in front of a lookin'-glass."
mary fled, and eliza bustled into the kitchen.
"a big man, with a round head an' bulgin' blue eyes!"
"does he think i'm afraid of that sort of brewer'sdrayman, or of a little man with eyes like a ferret, either?
if hedoes, he's very much mistaken.
i don't believe he's a real 'tec.
iwouldn't be a bit surprised if he wasn't a reporter.
they've cheekenough for ten, as a rule.
talkin' about my char-ac-ter, an' beforethat hussy of a girl, too!
wait till i see him tomorrow, that's all."
meanwhile, furneaux had not held the second glass of château yquem tothe light in tomlinson's sanctum before winter's car was haltingoutside brondesbury police station.
an inspector assured thesuperintendent that a constable was on the track of robert fenley, andhad instructions to report direct to scotland yard.
then winterreëntered the car, and was driven to headquarters.
he was lunching in his own room, frugally but well, on bread andcheese and beer, when the assistant commissioner came in.
"ah, mr. winter," he said.
"i was told you had returned.
thattelephone call came from a call office in shaftesbury avenue.
a lady,name unknown, but the youth in charge knows her well by sight, andthinks she lives in a set of flats near by.
i thought the informationsufficient for your purpose, so suspended inquiries till i heard fromyou."
"just what i wanted, sir," said winter.
"there may be nothing in it,but i was curious to know why hilton fenley took the trouble to fibabout such a trivial matter.
his brother, too, is behaving in a waythat invites criticism.
i don't imagine that either of the sons shothis father--most certainly, hilton fenley could not have done it, androbert, i think, was in london at the time----""dear me!"
broke in the other, a man of quiet, self-contained manner,on whose lips that mild exclamation betokened the maximum ofsurprise.
"is there any reason whatsoever for believing that one ofthese young men may be a parricide?"
"so many reasons, sir, and so convincing in some respects, that thelocal police would be seriously considering the arrest of robertfenley if they had the ascertained facts in their possession."
the assistant commissioner sat down.
"i hear you keep a sound brand of cigars here, mr. winter," he said.
"i've just lunched in the st. stephen's club, so, if you can spare thetime----"at the end of the superintendent's recital the chief offered nocomment.
he arose, went to the window, and seemed to seek inspirationfrom busy westminster bridge and a river dancing in sunshine.
after along pause he turned, and threw the unconsumed half of a cigar intothe fireplace.
"it's a pity to waste such a perfect havana," he said mournfully, "buti make it a rule not to smoke while passing along the corridors.
and--you'll be busy.
keep me posted."
when the door had closed on his visitor he evenlaughed.
he said to himself.
"a heart to heart talk with the guv'noris always most illuminative.
now many another boss would have said hewas puzzled, or bothered, or have given me some silly advice such asthat i must be discreet, look into affairs closely, and not actprecipitately.
not so our excellent a. c. he's clean bowled, andadmits it, without speaking a word.
he's a tonic; he really is!"
he touched an electric bell.
when the policeman attendant, johnston,appeared, he asked if detective sergeant sheldon was in the building,and sheldon came.
the superintendent had met him in a yorkshire townduring a protracted and difficult inquiry into the death of a wealthyrecluse; although the man was merely an ordinary constable he hadshown such resourcefulness, such ability of a rare order, that he wasinvited to join the staff of the criminal investigation department,and had warranted winter's judgment by earning rapid promotion.
though tall, and of athletic build, he had none of the distinctivetraits of the average policeman.
he dressed quietly and in good taste,and carried himself easily; a peculiarity of his thoughtful, somewhatlawyer-like face was that the left eye was noticeably smaller than theright.
among other qualifications, he ranked as the best amateurphotographer in the "yard," and was famous as a rock climber in thelake district.
winter plunged at once into the business in hand.
"sheldon," he said, "i'm going out, and may be absent an hour orlonger.
if a telephone message comes through from mr. furneaux tellhim i have located the doubtful call made to the towers this morning.
have you read the report of the fenley murder in the evening papers?"
_is_ it a murder?"
"what else could it be?"
"an extraordinary accident."
winter weighed the point, which had not occurred to him previously.
"no," he said.
"it was no accident.
i incline to the belief that itwas the best-planned crime i've tackled during the past few years.
that is my present opinion, at any rate.
now, a man from thebrondesbury police station is following one of the dead man's sons, amr. robert fenley, who bolted back to london on a motor cycle as soonas i threatened to question him.
"robert fenley is twenty-four, fresh-complexioned, clean-shaven, aboutfive feet nine inches in height, stoutish, and of sporty appearance.
he had his hair cut yesterday or the day before.
his hands and feetare rather small.
he talks aggressively, and looks what he is, apampered youth, very much spoiled by his parents.
his clothes--allthat i have seen--are a motorist's overalls.
if the brondesbury manreports here during my absence act as you think fit.
i want robertfenley located, followed, and watched unobtrusively, especially insuch matters as the houses he visits and the people he meets.
if youneed help get it."
"till what time, sir?"
was the laconic question.
try and 'phone me here about five o'clock.
but if youare otherwise engaged let the telephone go.
should fenley seem toleave london by the edgware road, which leads to roxton, have himchecked on the way.
here is the number of his cycle," and winterjotted a memorandum on the back of an envelope.
"what about mr. furneaux if i am called out almost immediately?"
"give the message to johnston."
then winter hurried away, and, repressing the inclination to hail ataxi, walked up whitehall and crossed trafalgar square _en route_ tothe shaftesbury avenue address supplied by the assistant commissioner.
he found a sharp-featured youth in charge of the telephone, which waslodged in an estate agent's office.
the boy grinned when thesuperintendent explained his errand.
"excuse _me_," he said, with the pert assurance of the born cockney,"but we aren't allowed to give information about customers."
"you've broken your rules already, young man," said winter.
"youanswered a similar inquiry made by scotland yard some hours since."
"oh, was _that_ it?
gerrard rang me up, and i thought there wassomething funny going on.
are you from scotland yard, sir?"
winter proffered a card, and the boy's eyes opened wide.
"i've read about you, sir.
well, i've been doing abit of detective work of my own.
at lunch time i strolled past the setof flats where i thought the lady lived, and had the luck to see hergetting out of a cab at the door.
i followed her upstairs, pretendingi had business somewhere, and saw her go into no.
her name ismiss eileen garth--at least, that's the name opposite no.
eleven inthe list in the hall."
"when you're a bit older you'll make a detective," said winter.
"you've learned the first trick of the job, and that is to keep youreyes open.
now, to encourage you, i'll tell you the second.
keep yourmouth shut.
if this lady is miss garth she is not the person we want,but it would annoy her if she heard the police were inquiring abouther; so here is half a crown for your trouble."
"can i do anything else for you, sir?"
came the eager demand.
i'm on the wrong scent, evidently, but you have saved mefrom wasting time.
this miss eileen garth is english, of course?"
"yes, sir; very good-looking, but rather snappy."
"that just shows how easy it is to blunder," he said.
"i'm looking fora polish jewess, whose chief feature is her nose, and who wears biggold earrings."
"oh, miss garth is quite different," said the disappointed youth.
"she's tall and slim--a regular dasher, big black hat, swell togs,black and white, and smart boots with white spats.
she wore pearls inher ears, too, because i noticed 'em."
winter sighed again.
"another half day lost," he murmured, and went out.
knowing well that the boy would note the direction he took, he turnedaway from the block of flats and made for soho, where he smoked athin, raffish italian cigar with an anarchist of his acquaintance whokept a restaurant famous for its _risotto_.
then, by other streets, heapproached gloucester mansions, and soon was pressing the electricbell of no.
"miss garth in?"
he said to an elderly, hatchet-faced woman who openedthe door.
"why do you want miss garth?"
was the non-committal reply, given inthe tone of one who meant the stranger to understand that he was notaddressing a servant.
"i shall explain my errand to the lady herself," said winter civilly.
"kindly tell her that superintendent winter, of the criminalinvestigation department, scotland yard, wishes to see her."
to him it was no new thing that his name and description should bringdismay, even terror, to the cheeks of one to whom he made himselfknown professionally, but unless he was addressing some desperatecriminal, he did not expect to be assaulted.
for once, therefore, hewas thoroughly surprised when a bony hand shot out and pushed himbackward; the door was slammed in his face; the latch clicked, and hewas left staring at a small brass plate bearing the legend: "ring.
naturally, this bold maneuver could not have succeeded had he a rightof entry.
a woman's physical strength was unequal to the task ofdisturbing his burly frame, and a foot thrust between door and jambwould have done the rest.
as matters stood, however, he was obliged toabandon any present hope of an interview with the mysterious misseileen garth.
he remained stock still for some seconds, listening to the retreatingfootsteps of the strong-minded person who had beaten him.
it was hishabit to visualize for future reference the features and demeanor ofpeople in whom he was interested, and of whom circumstances permittedonly the merest glimpse.
this woman's face had revealed annoyancerather than fear.
"scotland yard" was not an ogre but a nuisance.
sheheld, or, at any rate, she had exercised, a definite power ofrejecting visitors whom she considered undesirable.
therefore, she wasa relative, probably eileen garth's mother or aunt.
eileen garth was "tall and slim," "good-looking, but rather snappy."
well, twenty years ago, the description would have applied to thewoman he had just seen.
her voice, heard under admittedly adverseconditions, was correct in accent and fairly cultured.
before theworld had hardened it its tones might have been soft and dulcet.
butabove all, there was the presumable discovery that eileen garth was asdecidedly opposed as robert fenley to full and free discussion of thatmorning's crime.
"furneaux will jeer at me when he hears of this little episode,"thought winter, smiling as he turned to descend the stairs.
furneauxdid jeer, but it was at his colleague's phenomenal luck.
the door of no.
twelve, the only other flat on the same landing,opened, and a man appeared.
recognition was prompt on winter's side.
he said genially.
"are _you_ signor maselli?
can you give me a friendly word?"
the occupant of flat no.
twelve, an undersized, slightly built man ofmiddle age, seemed to have received the shock of his life.
hissallow-complexioned face assumed a greenish-yellow tint, and hisdeep-set eyes glistened like those of a hunted animal.
he contrived to gasp, giving a ghastly look over hisshoulder to ascertain whether any one in the interior of the flat hadheard that name "drake."
i mean it.
strictly on the q. t.," said winter, sinking hisvoice to a confidential pitch.
signor giovanni maselli, since that wasthe name modestly displayed on no.
twelve's card in the hall beneath,closed the door carefully.
he appeared to trust winter, up to a point,but evidently found it hard to regain self-control.
"in five minutes--at the regency café,piccadilly.
let me go alone."
winter nodded, and the other darted downstairs.
the detective followedslowly.
crossing the street at an angle, he looked up at thesmoke-stained elevation of gloucester mansions.
"a well-filled nest," he communed, "and a nice lot of prize birds init, upon my word!"
the last time he had set eyes on a certain notably expert forger andcounterfeiter a judge was passing sentence of five years' penalservitude and three years' police supervision on a felon; and thejudge had not addressed the prisoner as giovanni maselli, but as johnchristopher drake!
winter was blessed with an unfailing memory for dates and faces.
before he had emerged from the main exit of gloucester mansions he hadfixed drake as committed from the old bailey during the summer assizesfour years earlier, released from portland on ticket of leave at thebeginning of the current year, and marked in the "failure to report"list.
he said to himself.
"the very man for my purpose!"
therefore, seeing his way clearly, his glance was not so encouragingnor his voice so pleasant when he found the ex-convict awaiting him inthe regency café.
nevertheless, obeying the curious code which linksthe police and noted criminals in a sort of _camaraderie_, he askedthe man what he would drink, and ordered cigarettes as well.
"now, maselli," he said, when they were seated at a marble-toppedtable in a corner of a well-filled room, "since we know each other sowell we can converse plainly, eh?"
"yes, sir, but i'm done for now.
i've been trying to earn an honestliving, and have succeeded, but now----"the man spoke brokenly.
his spirit was crushed.
he saw in his mind'seye the frowning portals of a convict settlement, and heard the boomof a giant knocker reverberating through gaunt aisles of despair.
"if you reflect that i am calling you maselli, you'll drink thatwhisky and soda, and listen to what i have to say," broke in winterseverely.
the other looked up at him, and a gleam of hope illumined the pallidcheeks.
he drank eagerly, and lighted a cigarette with tremblingfingers.
"if only i am given a chance----" he began, but the detectiveinterfered again.
"if only you would shut up!"
he said emphatically.
"i want your help,and i'm not in the habit of rewarding my assistants by sending themback to prison."
maselli (as he may remain in this record) was so excited that heliterally could not obey.
"i've cut completely adrift from the old crowd, sir," he pleadedwistfully.
"i'm an engraver now, and in good work.
heaven help me, i'mmarried, too.
she doesn't know.
she thinks i was stranded in america,and that i changed my name because italians are thought more of thanenglishmen in my line."
"giovanni maselli, may i ask what you are talking about?"
said winter,stiffening visibly.
at last the hunted and haunted wretch persuaded himself that "theyard" meant to be merciful.
tears glistened in his eyes, but hefinished the whisky and soda and remained silent.
said winter more cheerfully.
"i sha'n't call you maselli againif you don't behave.
now, how long have you lived in gloucestermansions?"
"four months, sir.
ever since my marriage."
the man had gone straight from the gates of portland tosome woman who was waiting for him!
he was an old offender, but hadproved slippery as an eel--hence a stiff sentence when caught; butpenal servitude had conquered him.
"has miss eileen garth lived in no.
eleven during those four months?"
was the next question.
"yes, sir--two years or more, i believe.
her mother mentionedsomething of it to my wife one day."
"how do they live?"
"the daughter was learning to be a stage dancer; but they've come intoa settled income, and that idea is given up."
"any male relations?"
"none that i know of, sir.
eileen is engaged to be married.
i haven'theard the gentleman's name, but i've seen him scores of times."
"scores of times--in four months?"
"yes, sir, every second or third day.
that is, i either meet him orknow he is there because mrs. maselli and mrs. garth are friendly, andthere is constant coming and going across the landing."
"is he a man of about thirty, middle height, lanky black hair, smoothdark face, sunken eyes, high cheek bones--rather, shall i say, italianin appearance?"
maselli was surprised, and showed it.
"why, sir, you've described him to a nicety," he said.
next time he is there to your absolute knowledge, slip outand telephone the fact to me at scotland yard.
if i'm not in, ask formr. furneaux.
you remember mr.
a sickly smile admitted the acquaintance.
furneaux had recognized thesame artist's hand in each of many realistic forgeries, and it wasthis fact which led to the man's capture and conviction.
"if neither of us is at home, inquire for mr. sheldon," went onwinter.
he's a stranger to you.
if you fail to get hold ofany of us, say simply that signor maselli would like to have a word atour convenience.
it will be understood.
we sha'n't bother you.
giveanother call next time the visitor is in mrs. garth's flat, and keepon doing this until you find one of the three on the line.
don't usethe telephone in shaftesbury avenue near the mansions, because the boyin charge there might be suspicious, and blab.
that is all.
you arenot doing mrs. garth or her daughter an ill turn, so far as i canjudge.
keep a still tongue.
silence on your part will meet withsilence on mine.... oh, dash it, have another drink!
signor giovanni maselli was crying.
a phantom had brushed close, butwas passing; nevertheless, its shadow had chilled him to the bone.
winter walked back to scotland yard, and found that sheldon had gone,leaving a note which read: "mr. robert fenley is at 104, hendon road,battersea park."
he was tempted to have a word with furneaux, butforbore, and tackled some other departmental business.
it was a dayfated, however, to evolve the unexpected.
about a quarter to four thetelephone bell rang, and maselli informed him that miss garth's fiancéhad just arrived at gloucester mansions.
"excellent," said winter.
"in future, devote your energies tolegitimate engraving.
he rushed out and leaped into a taxi; within five minutes he was atthe door of no.
eleven once more.
let it not be imagined that he hadnot weighed the possible consequences of thrusting himself in thisfashion into hilton fenley's private affairs.
although the man hadsummoned the assistance of scotland yard to elucidate the mystery ofhis father's death, that fact alone could not secure him immunity fromthe law's all-embracing glance.
winter agreed with furneaux that theprofession of a private banker combined with company promotion is toooften a cloak for roguery in the city of london, and the little heknew of the fenley history did not tend to dissipate a certainnebulous suspicion that their record might not be wholly clean.
the theft of the bonds had been hushed up in a way that savored ofunwillingness on mortimer fenley's part to permit the police to takeaction.
the man's tragic death might well be a sequel to the robbery,and, granted the impossibility of his elder son having committed themurder, there was nothing fantastic in the notion that he might be aparty to it.
again, hilton fenley had deliberately misled scotland yard in regardto the seemingly trivial incident of the telephone call.
had he toldthe truth, and grumbled at the lack of discretion on some woman's partin breaking in on a period of acute distress in the household,winter's subsequent discovery would have lost its point.
as mattersstood, however, it was one of a large number of minor circumstanceswhich demanded full examination, and the superintendent decided thatthe person really responsible for any seeming excess of zeal on hispart should be given an opportunity to clear the air in the place bestfitted for the purpose; namely, the address from which the callemanated.
therefore, when the door was opened again by mrs. garth, she foundthat the napoleonic tactics of an earlier hour were no longerpracticable, for the enemy instantly occupied the terrain by leaninginward.
"i want to see mr. hilton fenley," he said suavely.
"you know my namealready, mrs. garth, so i need not repeat it."
the sharp-featured woman was evidently sharp-witted also.
finding thatthe door might not be closed, she threw it wide.
"i have no objection to your seeing mr. fenley," she said.
"i am at aloss to understand why you follow him here, but that does not concernme in the least.
come this way."
latching the door, she led him to a room on the right of the entrancehall, which formed the central artery of the flat.
the place had nodirect daylight.
at night, when an electric lamp was switched on, itscontents would be far more distinct than at this hour, when the onlylight came from a transverse passage at the end, or was borrowedthrough any door that happened to remain open.
still, winter coulduse his eyes, even in the momentary gloom, and he used them so wellon this occasion that he noted two trunks, one on top of the other,and standing close to the wall.
they were well plastered with hotel and railway labels, and when aflood of light poured in from the room to which mrs. garth usheredhim, he deciphered two of the freshest, and presumably the mostrecent.
they were "hotel d'italie, rue caumartin, paris," and abaggage number, "517."
not much, perhaps, in the way of information,but something; and winter could trust his memory.
he found himself in a well-furnished room, and hoped that mrs. garthmight leave him there, even for a few seconds, when he would be freeto examine the apartment without her supervision.
but she treated himas if he might steal the spoons.
remaining in the doorway, she calledloudly:"mr. fenley!
the person i told you of is here again.
will you kindlycome?
he is in the dining-room."
a door opened, a hurried step sounded on a linoleum floor-covering,and hilton fenley appeared.
"mr.--mr. winter, isn't it?"
he said, with a fine air of surprise.
"yes," said the superintendent composedly.
"you hardly expected tomeet me here, i suppose?"
"well, mrs. garth mentioned your earlier visit, but i am at a loss tounderstand----""oh, it is easily explained.
we of the yard take nothing for granted,mr. fenley.
i learned by chance that a young lady who lives here rangyou up at roxton this morning, and knowing that you took the troubleto conceal the fact, i thought it advisable----"mrs. garth was a woman of discretion.
she closed the door on the twomen.
fenley did not wait for winter to conclude.
"that was foolish of me, i admit," he said, readily enough.
"one doesnot wish all one's private affairs to be canvassed, even by thepolice.
the moment mrs. garth mentioned your name i saw my error.
youchecked the telephone calls to the towers, i suppose, and thus learnedi had misled you."
"something of the sort.
miss garth is a lady not difficult ofrecognition."
"she and her mother are very dear friends.
it was natural they shouldbe shocked by the paragraphs in the newspapers and wish to ascertainthe truth."
i'm sorry if my pertinacity has annoyed them, or you."
"i think they will rather be pleased by such proof of yourthoroughness.
certainly i, for my part, do not resent it."
"very well, sir.
since i am here, i may inquire if you know any oneliving at 104, hendon road, battersea park?"
"now that you mention the address, i recall it as the residence of thelady in whom my brother is interested.
this morning i had forgottenit, but you have refreshed my memory."
"you're a tolerably self-possessed person," was the detective'sunspoken thought, for fenley was a different man now from the nervous,distrait son who had clamored for vengeance on his father's murderer.
"you own up to the facts candidly when it is useless to do anythingelse, and you never fail to hammer a nail into robert's coffin whenthe opportunity offers."
but aloud he said--"you really don't know the lady's name, i suppose?"
fenley hesitated a fraction of a second.
"yes, i do know it, though i withheld the information this morning,"he replied.
"but, i ask you, is it quite fair to make me a witnessagainst my brother?"
"some one must explain mr. robert's movements, and, since he declinesthe task, i look to you," was the straightforward answer.
"she is a mrs. lisle," said fenley, after another pause--a calculatedpause this time.
"have you visited your city office today?"
"i went straight there from the towers.
i told you i was going there.
what object could i have in deceiving you?"
"none that i can see, mr. fenley.
but i have been wondering if any newlight has been shed on the motive which might have led to the crime.
have you examined mr. mortimer fenley's papers, for instance?
theremay be documents, letters, memoranda secreted in some private draweror dispatch case."
the other shook his head.
he appeared not to resent the detective'stone.
it seemed as if regret for the morning's lack of confidence hadrendered him apologetic.
"no," he said.
"i have not had time yet to go through my father'spapers.
this afternoon i was taken up wholly with business.
you see,mr. winter, i can not allow my personal suffering to cost other menthousands of pounds, and that must be the outcome if certainundertakings now in hand are not completed.
but my father was mostmethodical, and his affairs are sure to be thoroughly in order.
withinthe next few days, when i have time to make a proper search, i'll doit.
meanwhile, i can practically assure you that he had no reason toanticipate anything in the nature of a personal attack from anyquarter whatsoever."
"do you care to discuss your brother's extraordinary behavior?"
"in what respect?"
"well, he virtually bolted from roxton today, though i had warned himthat his presence was imperative."
"my brother is self-willed and impetuous, and he was dreadfullyshocked at finding his father dead."
"did he tell you he meant returning to london at once?"
when i came downstairs, after the distressing scene with mrs.fenley, he had gone."
the superintendent was aware already that he was dealing with a mancast in no ordinary mold, but he did not expect this continuedmeekness.
ninety-nine people out of a hundred would have grown restiveunder such cross-examination, and betrayed their annoyance by word orlook; not so hilton fenley, who behaved as if it were the most naturalthing in the world that he should be tracked to his friends' residenceand made to explain his comings and goings during the day.
swayed by asubconscious desire to nettle his victim into protest, winter tried anew tack.
"i suppose, mr. fenley, you have seen your father's solicitors today?"
he said suddenly.
"if you mean that question in the ordinary sense, i must tell you thatmy father employed no firm of solicitors for family purposes.
ofcourse, at one time or another, he has availed himself of the servicesof nearly every leading firm of lawyers in the city, but eachtransaction was complete in itself.
for instance, his will is aholograph will, if that is what you are hinting at.
he told me itsprovisions at the time it was signed and witnessed, and i shallsurely find it in his private safe at the office."
"you have not looked for it today?"
why should i?"
feeling distinctly nonplussed, for there was no denying that fenleyhad chosen the best possible way of carrying off a delicate situation,winter turned, walked slowly to a window and gazed down into thestreet.
he was perturbed, almost irritated, by a novel sense offailure not often associated with the day's work.
he had to confessnow that he had made no material stride in an inquiry the solution ofwhich did not seem, at the outset, to offer any abnormal difficulty.
true, there were circumstances which might serve to incriminate robertfenley; but if that young man were really responsible for the crime,he was what "the yard" classes privately as a monumental idiot, sincehis subsequent conduct was well calculated to arouse the suspicionwhich the instinct of self-preservation would try to avert.
a longexperience of the methods of criminals warned winter of the folly ofjumping at conclusions, but he would be slow to admit and hard to beconvinced that robert fenley took any active part in his father'smurder.
of course, it was not with a view toward indulging in a reverie thathe approached the window.
he was setting a simple trap, into whichmany a man and woman had fallen.
any one of moderately strongcharacter can control face and eyes when the need of such disciplineis urgent, but howsoever impregnable the mask, the strain of wearingit is felt, and relief shows itself in an unguarded moment.
at thefarther end of the room there was a mirror above the fireplace, and ashe turned his back on fenley, by a hardly perceptible inclination ofhis head he could catch the reflection of his companion's face.
the maneuver succeeded, but its result was negative.
hilton fenley'seyes were downcast.
he had lifted a hand to his chin in one of thosenervous gestures which had been so noticeable during the morning'stumult.
his face wore an expression of deep thought.
indeed, he mightbe weighing each word he had heard and uttered, and calculating itseffect on his own fortunes.
still obeying that unworthy instinct which bade him sting fenley intodefiance, winter tossed a question over his shoulder.
"may i have a word with miss garth?"
he said suddenly.
was the calm answer.
"just to settle that telephone incident once and for all."
"but if you imagine it might not have been miss garth who made thecall, why are you here?"
then the detective laughed.
his wonted air of cheerful good humorsmoothed the wrinkles from his forehead.
he was beaten, completelydiscomfited, and he might as well confess it and betake himself tosome quarter where a likelier trail could be followed.
"true," he said affably.
"i need not bother the young lady.
perhapsyou will make my excuses and tell her that i ran you to earth ingloucester mansions merely to save time.
by the way, i led the youthat the call office to believe that i was searching for an undersizedpolish jewess, all nose and gold earrings, a description which hardlyapplies to miss garth.
and one last question--do you return to roxtontonight?"
"within the hour."
so winter descended the stone stairs a second time, a prey to afeeling of failure.
what had he gained by his impetuous actions?
hehad ascertained that hilton fenley was on terms of close intimacy witha pretty girl and her mother.
nothing very remarkable in that.
he hadsecured a paris address and the number of a baggage registrationlabel.
but similar information might be gleaned from a hundredthousand boxes and portmanteaux in london that day.
he had been toldthat mortimer fenley had made a holograph will.
such procedure was byno means rare.
millions sterling have been disposed of on half sheetsof note paper.
even his majesty's judges have written similar wills,and blundered, with the result that a brother learned in the law hashad to decide what the testator really meant.
he wondered whether ornot mortimer fenley had committed some technical error, such as thecommon one of creating a trust without appointing trustees.
that wouldbe seen in due course, when the will was probated.
at any rate, he grinned at his own expense.
"the only individual who has scored today," he said to himself, "isjohn christopher drake, alias giovanni maselli.
i must keep mum abouthim.
by gad, i believe i've compounded a felony!"
but because he had not scored inside gloucester mansions there was novalid reason why he should not accomplish something in their immediateneighborhood.
for instance, who and what were the garths, mother anddaughter?
he looked in on a well-known dramatic agent, and raised thepoint.
reference to a ledger showed that eileen garth, age eighteen,tall, good-looking, no previous experience, had been a candidate formusical comedy, london engagement alone accepted; the almost certainsequel being that she had kept her name six months on the bookswithout an offer to secure her valuable services.
"i remember the girl well," said the agent.
"she had the makings of acoryphée, but lacked training.
she could sing a little, so i advisedher to take dancing lessons.
i believe she began them, with a teacheri recommended, but i've seen nothing of her for a year or more."
"again has giovanni filled the bill," mused winter as he made for hisoffice.
"i wish now i had curbed my impulsiveness and kept away fromgloucester mansions--the second time, anyhow."
though chastened in spirit, the fact that no news of any sort awaitedhim at scotland yard, did not help to restore his customary poise.
"dash it all!"
"i'm losing grip.
the next thing i'll hearis that sheldon is enjoying himself at earl's court and that furneauxhas gone fishing."
restless and ill at ease, he decided to ring up the towers, roxton.
afootman answered the telephone, and announced that mr. furneaux had"just come in."
"hello, charles," said winter, when a thin voice squeaked along theline.
i've drawn blanks, regular round o's, except three probablyuseless addresses."
"addresses are never useless, friend.
the mere knowing of a number ina street picks out that street from all the other streets where oneknows no numbers."
"tell me things, you rat, if conditions permit."
"well, i've hit on two facts of profound importance.
first, roxtoncontains an artist of rare genius, and, second, it holds a cook ofadmitted excellence."
"look here----""i'm listening here, which is all that science can achieve atpresent."
"i'm in no mood for ill timed pleasantries."
"but i'm not joking, 'pon me honor.
the cook, name of eliza, doesreally exist, and is sworn to surprise even your jaded appetite.
theartist is john trenholme.
in years to come you'll boast of having methim before he was famous."
"so you, like me, have done nothing?"
"ah, i note the bitterness of defeat in your tone.
it has warped yourjudgment, too, as you will agree when a certain dinner i have arrangedfor tomorrow night touches the spot."
"can't you put matters more plainly?"
"i'm guessing and planning and contriving.
like galileo, i amconvinced that the world moves."
then furneaux broke into french.
"regarding those addresses you speak of, what are they?"
using the same language, winter told him, substituting "the eurasian"and "the motorcyclist" for names, and adding that he was writingjacques faure, the paris detective, with reference to the hotel andthe label, the figures on the latter being of the long, thin, frenchvariety.
"are you coming here tonight?"
went on furneaux.
"do you want me?"
"i'm only a little chap, and i'd like to have you near when it isdark."
winter sighed, but it was with relief.
he knew now that furneaux hadnot failed.
"very well," he said.
"i'll arrive by the next convenient train."
"the point is," continued furneaux, who delighted in keeping his chiefon tenterhooks when some new development in the chase was imminent,"that the position here requires handling by a man of your weight andauthority.
the motor cyclist came back an hour ago, and is now walkingin the garden with the girl."
why hasn't sheldon reported?"
blurted out winter.
"because, in all likelihood, he is watching the other girl.
isn't thatwhat you were doing?
isn't half the battle won when we find thewoman?"
"i haven't set eyes on _my_ woman."
"you surprise me.
that kind of modest self-effacement isn't your usualstyle, at all, at all, as they say in cork."
"probably you're right about sheldon.
he is a worker, not a talkerlike some people i know," retorted winter.
"what very dull acquaintances you must possess!
workers are the smallfry who put spouters into parliament, and pay them £400 a year, andmake them cabinet ministers."
"evidently things have happened at roxton, or you wouldn't be sochirpy.
well, so long!
see you later."
having ascertained that an express train was timed to leave st.pancras for roxton at six p. m., he was packing a suitcase when atelegram arrived.
it had been handed in at folkestone at four thirty,and read:     decided to follow lady instead of motor cyclist.
will explain     reasons verbally.
reaching london seven o'clock.
"i'm the only one of the three who has accomplished nothing," waswinter's rueful comment.
nor could any critic have gainsaid him, forhe seemed to have been wasting precious hours while his subordinateswere making history in the fenley case.
he left instructions with johnston that mr. sheldon was to writefully, care of the roxton police station, and took a cab for st.pancras.
he was passing along the platform when he caught sight ofhilton fenley seated on the far side of a first-class carriage, whichwas otherwise untenanted.
an open dispatch box lay beside him, and hewas so engrossed in the perusal of some document that he gave no heedto externals.
winter threw wide the door, and entered.
"we are fated to meet today, mr. fenley," he said pleasantly.
"first,you send for me; then i hunt you, and now we come together by chance.
i don't think coincidence can arrange any fourth way of bringing us intouch today."
but he was mistaken.
coincidence had already done far more than heimagined in providing unseen clues to the ultimate clearing up of aghastly crime, and the same subtle law of chance was fated to assistthe authorities once more before the sun rose again over the treesfrom whose cover mortimer fenley's murderer had fired the fatal shot.
furneaux's visit left trenholme in no happy frame of mind.
the man whothat morning had not a care in the world was now a prey to disquietingthought.
the knowledge that he had been close to the scene of adastardly murder at the moment it was committed, that he was in asense a witness of the crime, was depressing in itself, for his was akindly nature; and the mere fact that circumstances had rendered himimpotent when his presence might have acted as a deterrent wassaddening.
then, again, he was worried by the reflection that, no matter howdiscriminating the police might prove with regard to his sketch ofsylvia manning, he would undoubtedly be called as a witness, both atthe inquest and at the trial of any person arrested for the crime.
itwas asking too much of editorial human nature to expect that themagazine which had commissioned the illustrated article on roxtonwould not make capital of the fact that its special artist wasactually sketching the house while mr. fenley's murderer was skulkingamong the trees surrounding it.
thus there was no escape for johntrenholme.
he was doomed to become notorious.
at any hour the eveningnewspapers might be publishing his portrait and biography!
on going downstairs he was cheered a little by meeting an apologeticeliza.
"i hope i didn't do any reel 'arm, sir," she said, dropping anaspirate in sheer emphasis.
"any harm to whom, or what?"
"by talkin' as i did afore that 'tec, sir."
"all depends on what you said to him.
if you told him, for instance,that i carry browning pistols in each pocket, and that my easel is aportable maxim gun, of course----""oh, sir, i never try to be funny.
i mean about the picter."
eliza failed to understand this, but she was too subdued to inquirehis meaning.
"you see, sir, he must ha' heerd what i said about it, an' himskulkin' there in the passage.
do you reelly think a hop-o'-me-thumblike that can be a scotland yard man?
it's my belief he's ahimpostor."
it had not dawned on trenholme that furneaux's complete fund ofinformation regarding the sketches had been obtained so recently.
heimagined that police constable farrow and gamekeeper bates hadsupplied details, so his reply cheered eliza.
"don't worry about unnecessary trifles," he said.
"mr. furneaux isnot only a genuine detective, but a remarkably clever one.
you oughtto have heard him praising the picture you despised."
"i never did," came the vehement protest.
"the picter is fine.
it wasthe young lady's clothes, or the want of 'em, that i was condemnin'."
"i've seen four thousand ladies walking about the sands at trouvillein far scantier attire."
"that's in france, isn't it?"
"yes, but france is a more civilized country than england."
eliza sniffed, sure sign of battle.
"not it," she vowed.
"i've read things about the carryin' on there asmade me blood boil.
horse-racin' on sundays, an' folks goin' totheaters instead of church.
france more civilized than england,indeed!
what'll you be sayin' next?"
"i'll be saying that if our little friend behaves himself i shall askhim to dine here tomorrow."
"he's axed himself, mr. trenholme, an' he's bringing another one, abig fellow, who knows how to use a carvin'-knife, he says.
what wouldyou like for dinner?"
that question was becoming a daily torment.
theappearance of furneaux had alone saved him from being put on theculinary rack after luncheon; having partaken of one good meal, henever had the remotest notion as to his requirements for the next.
he wandered through the village, calling at a tobacconist's, andlooking in on his friend the barber.
all tongues were agog withwonder.
the fenley family, known to that district of hertfordshireduring the greater part of a generation, was subjected to mercilesscriticism.
he heard gossip of mr. robert, of mr. hilton, even of therecluse wife, now a widow; but every one had a good word for "misssylvia."
"we don't see enough of her, an' that's a fact," said the barber.
"shemust find life rather dull, cooped up there as she is, for all thatit's a grand house an' a fine park.
they never had company like theother big houses.
a few bald-headed city men an' their wives for anoccasional week end in the summer or when the coverts were shot inoctober--never any nice young people.
miss sylvia wept when therector's daughter got married last year, an' well i knew why--she waslosin' her only chum."
"surely there are scores of good families in this neighborhood?"
"plenty, sir, but nearly all county.
the toffs never did take on thefenleys, an', to be fair, i don't believe the poor man who's dead everbothered his head about them."
"but miss manning can not have lived here all her life?
she must havebeen abroad, at school, for instance?"
"well, yes, sir.
i remember her comin' home from brussels two yearsago.
but school ain't society.
the likes of her, with all her money,should mix with her own sort."
"is she so wealthy, then?"
"she's mr. fenley's ward, an' the servants at the towers say she'llcome in for a heap when she's twenty-one, which will be next year."
somehow, this item of gossip, confirming eliza's statement, wasdispleasing.
sylvia manning, nymph of the lake, receded to some dimaltitude where the high and mighty are enthroned.
biting his pipeviciously, trenholme sought the solitude of a woodland footpath, andtried to find distraction in studying the effects of diffused light.
returning to the inn about tea time, he was angered anew by a telegramfrom the magazine editor.
it read:     _news in pictures_ wants sketches and photographs of fenley case     and surroundings.
have suggested you for commission.
why not pick     up a tenner?
rush drawings by train.
"that's the last straw," growled trenholme fiercely.
he raced out,bought a set of picture postcards showing the village and the tudormansion, and dispatched them to the editor of _news in pictures_ withhis compliments.
coming back from the station, he passed the eastonlodge of the towers.
a daring notion seized him, and he proceeded toput it into practice forthwith.
he presented himself at the gate, andwas faced by mrs. bates and a policeman.
taught by experience tobeware of strangers that day, the keeper's wife gazed at him throughan insurmountable iron palisade.
the constable merely surveyed himwith a professional air, as one who would interfere if needful.
"i am calling on miss sylvia manning," announced trenholme promptly.
"by appointment, sir?"
"no, but i have reason to believe that she would wish to see me."
"my orders are that nobody is to be admitted to the house withoutwritten instructions, sir."
"how can miss manning give written instructions unless she knows i amhere?"
"them's my orders," said mrs. bates firmly.
"but," he persisted, "it really amounts to this--that you decidewhether or not miss manning wishes to receive me, or any othervisitor."
mrs. bates found the point of view novel.
moreover, she liked thisyoung man's smile.
she hesitated, and temporized.
"if you don't mind waitin' a minute till i telephone----" she said.
say that mr. john trenholme, who was sketching in thepark this morning, asks the favor of a few words."
the guardian of the gate disappeared; soon she came out again, andunlocked the gate.
"miss manning is just leavin' the house," she said.
"if you walk upthe avenue you'll meet her, sir."
now, it happened that trenholme's request for an interview reachedsylvia manning at a peculiar moment.
she had been shocked anddistressed beyond measure by the morning's tragedy.
mortimer fenleywas one of those men whom riches render morose, but his manner hadalways been kind to his ward.
a pleasant fiction enabled the girl toregard mr. and mrs. fenley as her "uncle" and "aunt," and the tacitrelationship thus established served to place the financier and his"niece" on a footing of affectionate intimacy.
of late, however,sylvia had been aware of a splitting up of the family into armedcamps, and the discovery, or intuition, that she was the cause of therupture had proved irksome and even annoying.
mortimer fenley had made no secret of his desire that she should marryhis younger son.
when both young people, excellent friends though theywere, seemed to shirk the suggestion, though by no means activelyopposing it, fenley was angered, and did not scruple to throw outhints of coercion.
again, the girl knew that hilton fenley was a rivalsuitor, and meant to defy his father's intent with regard to robert.
oddly enough, neither of the young men had indulged in overtlove-making.
according to their reckoning, sylvia's personal choicecounted for little in the matter.
robert seemed to assume that his"cousin" was merely waiting to be asked, while hilton's attitude wasthat of a man biding his time to snatch a prize when opportunityserved.
sylvia herself hated the very thought of matrimony.
the only marriedcouples of her acquaintance were either hopelessly detached, likefenley and his wife, or uninteresting people of the type which thevillage barber had etched so clearly for trenholme's benefit.
whatsoever quickening of romance might have crept into such lives hadlong yielded to atrophy.
marriage, to the girl's imaginative mind, wassynonymous with a dull and prosy middle age.
most certainly the vagueday-dreams evoked by her reading of books and converted into alluringvistas by an ever-widening horizon were not sated by the prospect ofbecoming the wife of either of the only two young men she knew.
there was a big world beyond the confines of roxton park.
there wereinterests in life that called with increasing insistence.
in her heartof hearts she had decided, quite unmistakably, to decline anymatrimonial project for several years, and while shrinking from adownright avowal of her intentions, which her "uncle" would haveresented very strongly, the fact that father and sons were at daggersdrawn concerning her was the cause of no slight feeling of dismay,even of occasional moments of unhappiness.
she had no one to confide in.
for reasons beyond her ken mortimerfenley had set his face against any of her school friends beinginvited to the house, while mrs. fenley, by reason of an unfortunatefailing, was a wretched automaton that ate and drank and slept, andalternated between brief fits of delirium and prolonged periods ofstupor induced by drugs.
still, until a murderous gunshot had torn away the veil of unrealitywhich enshrouded the household, sylvia had contrived to avoid acrisis.
all day, during six days of the week, she was free in her ownrealm.
she had books and music, the woods, the park, and the gardensto occupy busy hours.
unknown to any, her favorite amusement was theplanning of extensive foreign tours by such simple means as an atlasand a set of guide books.
she had a talent for sketching in watercolor, and her own sanctum contained a dozen or more copious recordsof imaginary journeys illustrated with singular accuracy of detail.
she was athletic in her tastes, too.
she had fitted up a smallgymnasium, which she used daily.
at her request, mortimer fenleyhad laid out a nine-hole links in the park, and in her second golfingyear (the current one) sylvia had gone around in bogey.
she wouldhave excelled in tennis, but robert fenley was so much away from homethat she seldom got a game, while hilton professed to be too tiredfor strenuous exercise after long days in the city.
she could rideand drive, though forbidden to follow any of the local packs offox-hounds, and it has been seen that she was a first-rate swimmer.
brodie, too, had taught her to drive a motor car, and she coulddiscourse learnedly on silencers and the otto cycle.
on the whole, then, she was content, and hugged the conceit that whenshe came of age she would be her own mistress and order her life asshe chose.
the solitary defect of any real importance in the scheme ofthings was mortimer fenley's growing insistence on her marriage torobert.
it was astounding, therefore, and quite bewildering, that robertfenley should have hit on the day of his father's death to declare hisprosaic passion.
he had motored back from london about four o'clock.
hurrying to change his clothing for the attire demanded by conventionin hours of mourning, he sent a message to sylvia asking her to meethim at tea.
afterwards he took her into the garden, on the pretextthat she was looking pale and needed fresh air.
there, without theleast preamble, he informed her that the day's occurrences had causedhim to fall in unreservedly with his father's wishes.
he urged her toagree to a quiet wedding at the earliest possible date, and pointedout that a prompt announcement of their pact would stifle anyopposition on hilton's part.
evidently he took it for granted that if barkis was willing, peggottyhad no option in the matter.
he forgot to mention such a trivialelement as love.
their marriage had been planned by the arbiter oftheir destinies, and who were they that they should gainsay thataugust decision?
why, his father's death had made it a duty that theyowed to a sacred memory!
though sylvia's experience of the world was slight, and knowledge ofher fellow creatures rather less, cousin robert's eagerness, ascompared with his deficiencies as a wooer, warned her that some hiddenbut powerful motive was egging him on now.
she tried to temporize, butthe more she eluded him the more insistent he became.
at last, she spoke plainly, and with some heat.
"if you press for my answer today it is 'no,'" she said, and a wave ofcolor flooded her pale cheeks.
"i think you can hardly have consideredyour actions.
it is monstrous to talk of marriage when my uncle hasonly been dead a few hours.
i refuse to listen to another word."
perforce, robert had left it at that.
he had the sense to bottle uphis anger, at any rate in her hearing; perhaps he reflected that thebreaking of the ice would facilitate the subsequent plunge.
far more disturbed in spirit than her dignified repulse of fenley hadshown, sylvia reëntered the house, passing the odd-looking littledetective as she crossed the hall.
she took refuge in her own suite,but determined forthwith to go out of doors again and seek shelteramong her beloved trees.
through a window, as her rooms faced south,she saw robert fenley pacing moodily in the garden, where he waspresently joined by the detective.
apparently, fenley was as ungracious and surly of manner as he knewhow to be, but furneaux continued to chat with careless affability;soon the two walked off in the direction of the lake.
that wassylvia's chance.
she ran downstairs and was at the door when a footmancame and said that mrs. bates wanted her on the telephone.
at first she was astounded by trenholme's message.
then sheerirritation at the crassness of things, and perhaps some spice offeminine curiosity, led her to give the order which opened the gatesof roxton park to a man she had never seen.
the two met a few hundred yards down the avenue.
police constablefarrow, who had been replaced by another constable while he went homefor a meal, was on guard in the quarry wood again until the night mencame on duty, and noticed miss manning leaving the house.
he descendedfrom his rock and strolled toward the avenue, with no other motivethan a desire to stretch his legs; his perplexity was unbounded whenhe discovered mortimer fenley's ward deep in conversation with theartist.
"well, i'm jiggered!"
he said, dodging behind a giant rhododendron.
whipping out a notebook and consulting his watch, he solemnly notedtime and names in a laboriously accurate round hand.
then he nibbledhis chin strap and dug both thumbs into his belt.
his luck was in thatday.
he knew something now that was withheld from the scotland yardswells.
sylvia manning and john trenholme were acquaintances.
nay,more; they must be old friends; under his very eyes they went offtogether into the park.
back to his rock went police constable farrow, puzzled but elated.
washe not a repository of secrets?
and that funny little detective hadbetaken himself in the opposite direction!
fate was kind indeed.
he would have been still more surprised had fate permitted him to bealso an eavesdropper, if listeners ever do drop from eaves.
sylvia was by no means flurried when she came face to face withtrenholme.
the female of the species invariably shows her superiorityon such occasions.
trenholme knew he was blushing and ratherbreathless.
sylvia was cool and distant.
"you are mr. trenholme, i suppose?"
she said, her blue eyes meetinghis brown ones in calm scrutiny.
"yes," he said, trying desperately to collect his wits.
thewell-balanced phrases conned while walking up the avenue had vanishedin a hopeless blur at the instant they were needed.
his mind was in awhirl.
"i am miss manning," she continued.
"it is hardly possible to receivevisitors at the house this afternoon, and as i happened to be comingout when mrs. bates telephoned from the lodge, i thought you wouldhave no objection to telling me here why you wish to see me."
"i have come to apologize for my action this morning," he said.
"i sketched you without your knowledge, and, of course, without yourpermission."
"you sketched me?
"when you were swimming in the lake."
"you didn't dare!"
i'm sorry now, though you inspired the best picture i haveever painted, or shall ever paint."
for an instant sylvia forgot her personal troubles in sheerwonderment, and a ghost of a smile brightened her white cheeks.
johntrenholme was a person who inspired confidence at sight, and her firstdefinite emotion was one of surprise that he should look sodisconsolate.
"i really don't understand," she said.
"the quality of your picturehas no special interest for me.
what i fail to grasp is your motive intrespassing in a private park and watching me, or any lady, bathing."
"put that way, my conduct needs correcting with a horsewhip; buthappily there are other points of view.
that is--i mean----really,miss manning, i am absurdly tongue-tied, but i do beg of you to hearmy explanation."
"have you one?"
it might convince any one but you.
you will be a severe judge,and i hardly know how to find words to seek your forgiveness, but i--iwas the victim of circumstances."
"please don't regard me as a judge.
at present, i am trying to guesswhat happened."
then john squared his shoulders and tackled the greatest difficulty hehad grappled with for years.
"the simple truth should at least sound convincing," he said.
"i cameto roxton three days ago on a commission to sketch the village andits environment.
this house and grounds are historical, and i appliedfor permission to visit them, but was refused.
by chance, i heard of apublic footpath which crosses the park close to the lake----"sylvia nodded.
she, too, had heard much of that footpath.
itsexistence had annoyed mortimer fenley as long as she could rememberanything.
that friendly little nod encouraged trenholme.
his voicecame under better control, and he contrived to smile.
"i was told it was a bone of contention," he said, "but that didn'ttrouble me a bit, since the right of way opened the forbidden area.
imeant no disturbance or intrusion.
i rose early this morning, andwould have made my sketches and got away without seeing you if it werenot for a delightful pair of wrought iron gates passed _en route_.
they detained me three quarters of an hour.
instead of reaching theclump of cedars at a quarter to seven or thereabouts, i arrived athalf past seven.
"i sketched the house and lawns and then turned to the lake.
when youappeared i imagined at first you were coming to pitch into me forentering your domain.
but, as i was partly hidden by some briersbeneath the cedars, you never saw me, and, before i realized what wastaking place, you threw off your wraps and were in the water."
"now, i ask you to regard the situation impersonally," said trenholme,sinking his eyes humbly to the ground and keeping them there.
"i hadeither to reveal my presence and startle you greatly, or remain wherei was and wait until you went off again.
"whether it was wise or not, i elected for the easier course.
i thinki would act similarly if placed in the like predicament tomorrow ornext day.
after all, there is nothing so very remarkable in a ladytaking a morning swim that an involuntary onlooker should be shockedor scandalized by it.
you and i were strangers to each other.
were wefriends, we might have been swimming in company."
sylvia uttered some incoherent sound, but trenholme, once launched inhis recital, meant to persevere with it to the bitter end.
"i still hold that i chose the more judicious way out of a difficultsituation," he said.
"had i left it at that, all would have been well.
but the woman tempted me, and i did eat."
"indeed, the woman did nothing of the sort," came the vehementprotest.
"i speak in the artistic sense.
you can not imagine, you will neverknow, what an exquisite picture you and the statue of aphrodite madewhen mirrored in that shining water.
i forgot every consideration butthe call of art, which, when it is genuine, is irresistible,overwhelming.
fearing only that you might take one plunge and go, igrabbed my palette and a canvas and began to work.
"i used pure color, and painted as one reads of the fierce labor ofgenius.
for once in my life i was inspired.
i had caught an effectwhich i might have sought in vain during the remainder of my life.
ipainted real flesh, real water.
even the reeds and shrubs by the sideof the lake were veritable glimpses of actuality.
then, when i hadgiven some species of immortality to a fleeting moment, you returnedto the house, and i was left alone with a dream made permanent, amemory transfixed on canvas, a picture which would have created asensation in the salon----""oh, surely, you would not exhibit me--it----" breathed the girl.
"no," he said grimly.
"that conceit is dead and buried.
but i want youto realize that during those few minutes i was not john trenholme, anartist struggling for foothold on the steep crags of the painter'srock of endeavor, but a master of the craft gazing from some highpinnacle at a territory he had won.
if you know anything of painting,miss manning, you will go with me so far as to admit that myindiscretion was impersonal.
i, a poet who expressed his emotions interms of color, was alone with aphrodite and a nymph, on a junemorning, in a leafy english park.
i don't think i should be blamed,but envied.
i should not be confessing a fault, but claimingrecognition as one favored of the gods."
trenholme was speaking in earnest now, and sylvia thrilled to themusic of his voice.
but if her heart throbbed and a strange flutteringmade itself felt in her heart, her utterance, by force of repression,was so cold and unmoved that trenholme became more downcast than ever.
"i do paint a little," she said, "and i can understand thatthe--er--statue and the lake offer a charming subject; but i am stillat a loss to know why you have thought fit to come here and tell methese things."
"it is my wretched task to make that clear, at least," he criedcontritely, forcing himself to turn and look through the trees at alandscape now glowing in the mellow light of a declining sun.
"whenyou had gone i sat there, working hard for a time, but finallyyielding to the spell of an unexpected and, therefore, a mostdelightful romance.
a vision of rare beauty had come into my life andgone from it, all in the course of a magic hour.
is it strange that ishould linger in the shrine?
"i was aroused by a gunshot, but little dreamed that grim death wasstalking through fairyland.
still, i came to my everyday senses,packed up my sketches and color box, and tramped off to roxton,singing as i went.
hours afterward, i learned of the tragedy whichhad taken place so near the place where i had snatched a glimpse ofthe hesperides.
it was known that i had been in the park at the time.
i had met and spoken to bates, your head keeper, and the localpoliceman, farrow.
"a detective came, a man named furneaux; a jolly clever chap, too, buta most disturbing reasoner.
he showed me that my drawings--the onesketch, at any rate, which i held sacred--would prove my sheet anchorwhen i was brought into the stormy waters of inquest and law courts.
it is obvious that every person who was in that locality at half pastnine this morning must explain his or her presence beyond all doubt orquestioning.
i shall be obliged to say, of course, that i was in thepark fully two hours, from seven thirty a. m. onward.
what was idoing?
very well; where is the result?
is it such that anyartist will testify that i was busily engaged?
don't you see, missmanning?
i must either produce that sketch or stand convicted of themean offense you yourself imputed to me instantly when you heard of mywhereabouts."
"oh, i didn't really imply that," said sylvia, and a new note ofsympathy crept into her voice.
"it would be horrid if--if you couldn'texplain; and--it seems to me that the sketches--you made more thanone, didn't you?--should be shown to the authorities."
trenholme's face lit with gratitude because of her ready tact.
he wassorely impelled to leave matters on their present footing, but whippedhimself to the final stage.
"there is worse to come," he said miserably.
what else _can_ there be?"
"mr furneaux has asked me--ordered me, in fact--to meet you by theside of the lake tomorrow morning at a quarter past nine and bring thedrawings.
now you know why i have ventured to call this afternoon.
isimply could not wait till i was brought before you like a collaredthief with the loot in his possession.
i _had_ to meet you without theintervention of a grinning policeman.
when you heard my plea ithought, i hoped, that you might incline to a less severe view thanwould be possible if the matter came to your notice without warning."
he stopped abruptly.
a curiously introspective look had come into thegirl's eyes, for he had summoned up courage to glance at her again,and snatch one last impression of her winsome loveliness before shebade him be gone.
"where are you staying in roxton, mr.
theunexpected nature of the question almost took his breath away.
"at the white horse inn," he said.
she pointed across the park.
"that farm there, mr. jackson's, lies nearly opposite the inn.
isuppose the detective has not impounded your sketch?"
"no," he murmured, quite at a loss to follow her intent.
"well, mr. jackson will let you go and come through his farmyard tooblige me.
it will be a short cut for you, too.
if you have noobjection, i'll walk with you to the boundary wall, which you canclimb easily.
"then you might bring this debatable picture, and let me see it--theothers as well, if you wish.
wouldn't that be a good idea?
i mightn'tget quite such a shock in the morning, when the detective man paradesyou before me.
it is not very late.
i have plenty of time to strollthat far before dinner."
hardly believing his ears, trenholme walked off by her side.
no wonderpolice constable farrow was surprised.
and still less room was therefor wonder that hilton fenley, driving with winter from the station,should shout an imperative order to brodie to stop the car when he sawthe couple in the distance.
"isn't that miss sylvia?"
he said harshly, well knowing there could beonly one answer.
"yes, sir," said the chauffeur.
"who is the man with her?"
"mr. trenholme, the artist, from the white horse, sir."
"are you sure?"
i've seen him several times hereabouts."
fenley was in a rare temper already, for winter had told him brotherrobert was at home, a development on which he had by no means counted.
now his sallow face darkened with anger.
"i gave orders, at your request, mr winter, thatno strangers were to be admitted.
i must see to it that i am obeyed infuture.
it is surprising, too, that the police are so remiss in suchan important matter."
for once, winter was perforce silent.
in his heart of hearts he blameddetective inspector furneaux.
this record of a day remarkable beyond any other in the history ofsecluded roxton might strike a more cheerful note if it followed thetwo young people across the park.
it is doubtful whether or not sylviamanning's unpremeditated action in accompanying trenholme was inspiredby a sudden interest in art or by revolt against the tribulationswhich had befallen her.
of course there is some probability that afull and true account of the conversation between man and maid as theywalked the half mile to jackson's farm might throw a flood of light onthis minor problem.
be that as it may, stern necessity demands thatthe chronicle should revert for a time to the sayings and doings ofthe fenleys and the detectives.
despite a roundabout route, furneaux had merely led robert fenleythrough the gardens to the quarry wood.
somewhat to the detective'ssurprise, the rock was unguarded.
the two were standing there,discussing the crime, when police constable farrow returned to hispost.
furneaux said nothing--for some reason he did not emphasize thefact to his companion that a sentry should have been found stationedthere--but a sharp glance at the policeman warned the latter that heran considerable risk of a subsequent reprimand.
conscious of rectitude, farrow saluted, and produced his notebook.
"i've just made a memo of this, sir," he said, pointing to an entry.
furneaux read:     miss sylvia manning left home 6.45 p. m. met mr. john trenholme,     artist, white horse inn, in avenue 6.47 p. m. the two held close     conversation, and went off together across park in direction of     roxton 6.54 p. m. lady wore no hat.
regarded incident as unusual,     so observed exact times.
"i note what the inspector says, and will discuss the point later,"said furneaux, returning the book.
the policeman grinned.
as betweenscotland yard and himself a complete understanding was established.
"have the local police discovered anything of importance?"
inquiredfenley, who, now that his own affairs called for no immediateattention, seemed to give more heed to the manner of his father'sdeath.
at first, his manner to furneaux had been churlish in theextreme.
evidently he thought he could treat the representative of thecriminal investigation department just as he pleased.
at this momenthe elected to be gruffly civil in tone.
"they are making full inquiries, of course," replied the detective,"but i think the investigation will be conducted in the main by mydepartment----as i was saying, mr. fenley, undoubtedly the shot wasfired from this locality.
dr. stern, who is an authority on bulletwounds, is convinced of that, even if there was no other evidence,such as the chauffeur's and the artist's i told you of, together withthe impressions formed by bates and others."
"were there no footprints?"
was the next question, and fenley eyed theground critically.
he deemed those scotland yard johnnies thickheadedchaps, at the best.
"none of any value.
since ten o'clock, however, dozens of new oneshave been made.
that is why the policeman is keeping an eye on theplace--chiefly to warn off intruders.
shall we return to the house?"
"it's a strange business," said fenley, striding down the slope byfurneaux's side.
"why in the world should any one want to shoot mypoor old guv'nor?
he was straight as a die, and i don't know a soulwho had any real grievance against him."
furneaux did not appear to be listening.
the two were approaching thepatch of moist earth which bore the impress of robert fenley's boots.
"by the way," he said suddenly, "are you aware that there is a sort ofa theory that your father was shot by a rifle belonging to you?"
roared the other, and it was hard to say whether rage orastonishment predominated in his voice.
"is that one of hilton'sdodges to get me into trouble?"
"but you do own an express rifle, which you keep in your sitting-room.
where is it now?"
"in the place where it always is.
standing in a corner behind thebookcase."
"when did you see it last, mr.
"how the deuce do i know?
i give it a run through with an oiled ragabout once a month.
it must be nearly a month since i cleaned it."
"it has gone."
"i wish i knew."
"but who the devil could have taken it?"
if ever a man was floundering in a morass of wrath and amazement itwas this loud-voiced youngster.
he was a slow-witted lout, but theveriest dullard must have perceived that the disappearance of theweapon which presumably killed his father was a serious matter for itsowner.
in order to grasp this new phase of the tragedy in its proper bearingshe stood stock still, and gazed blankly into the serious face of thedetective.
furneaux knew he would do that.
it was a mannerism.
somemen can not think and move at the same moment, and robert fenley wasone.
naturally, young fenley did not know that he was leaving a new set offootprints by the side of the others already attributed to him.
havingdone that, he was no longer wanted.
"we'll solve every part of the puzzle in time," said furneaux slowly,moistening his thin lips with his tongue as if he were about to tasteanother glass of rare old-vintage wine.
"i mentioned the fact of the gun being missing to show you how unwiseyou were this morning.
you shouldn't have bolted off as you did whenmr. winter requested you to remain.
i haven't the least doubt, mr.fenley, that you can prove you were in london at the time the murderwas committed, and during some days prior to it, but the police likethese matters to be cleared up; if i may give you a hint, you'll tellthe superintendent that you regret your behavior, and show you meanwhat you say by giving him all the information he asks for.
here he isnow.
i hear mr. hilton's car, and mr. winter is coming with him fromtown."
"mr. hilton's car?
it's no more his car than mine.
you mark my words,there will be trouble in the family if my brother starts bossingthings.
he hates me, and would do me an ill turn if he could.
was ithilton who spread this story about my gun?"
rather the reverse.
he kept your name studiously out of it."
"who was it, then?
i have a right to know."
"i fail to recollect just how the matter cropped up.
it was thedirect outcome of the common observation of several persons who heardthe report, and who were able to discriminate between one class of gunand another.
anyhow, there is no occasion for you to squeal before youare hurt.
you acted like a fool this morning.
try and behave yourselfmore reputably now."
the prophet balaam was not more taken aback when rebuked by his assthan robert fenley when furneaux turned and rent him in this fashion.
hitherto the detective's manner had been mildness itself, so thischange of front was all the more staggering.
"oh, i say!"
came the blustering protest.
"i don't allow any of youfellows to talk to me like that.
i----""you'll hear worse in another second if you really annoy me," saidfurneaux.
"heretofore no one seems to have troubled to inform you whata special sort of idiot you are.
though your last words to your fatherwere a threat that you were inclined to shoot him and your preciousself, when you saw him lying dead you thought of nothing but your ownwretched follies, and bolted off to hendon road, battersea, instead ofremaining here and trying to help the police.
"when i tell you your gun is missing you yelp about your brother'sanimosity.
before your father is laid in his grave you threatento upset the household because your brother acts as its master.
why shouldn't he?
are you fitted to take the reins or share hisresponsibility?
if you were at your right job, robert fenley, you'dbe carrying bricks and mortar in a hod; for you haven't brains enoughto lay a brick or use a trowel."
the victim of this outburst thought that the little detective had gonemad, though the reference to hendon road had startled him, and ascared expression had come into his eyes.
"look here----" he began, but furneaux checked him again instantly.
"i've looked at you long enough to sum you up as a sulky puppy," hesaid.
"if you had any sort of gumption you would realize that youoccupy a singularly precarious position.
were it not for the luckyaccident that my colleague and i were on the spot this morning it ismore than likely that the county police would have arrested you atsight.
don't give us any more trouble, or you'll be left to stew inyour own juice.
i have warned you, once and for all.
if you care toswallow your spleen and amend your manners, i shall try to believe youare more idiot than knave.
at present i am doubtful which way thebalance tips."
furneaux stalked off rapidly, leaving the other to fume withindignation as he followed.
with his almost uncanny gift ofimaginative reasoning, the jersey man had guessed the purport offenley's talk with sylvia in the garden.
he had watched the two froma window of the dining-room, and had read correctly the girl'sill-concealed scorn, not quite devoid of dread, as revealed by faceand gesture.
to make sure, he waylaid her in the hall while she washurrying to her own apartments.
then he sauntered after robert fenley,and only bided his time to empty upon him the vials of his wrath.
he had taken the oaf's measure with a nice exactitude.
to trounce himwithout frightening him also was only inviting a complaint to thecommissioner, but furneaux was well aware that the longer robertfenley's dull brain dwelt on the significance of that address inbattersea being known to the police, the less ready would he beto stir a hornets' nest into activity by showing his resentment.
obviously, furneaux's methods were not those advocated in the policemanual.
any other man who practiced them would risk dismissal, but the"little 'un" of the yard was a law unto himself.
meanwhile, he was hurrying after the "big 'un," (such, it will berecalled, were the respective nicknames furneaux and winter hadreceived in the department) who had alighted from the car, and waslistening to hilton fenley berating a servant for having permittedtrenholme to make known his presence to miss manning.
the man,however, protested that he had done nothing of the sort.
miss sylviahad been called to the lodge telephone, and the footman's acquaintancewith the facts went no farther.
smothering his annoyance as best hecould, fenley rang up mrs. bates and asked for particulars.
when thewoman explained what had happened, he rejoined winter in the hall,paying no heed to furneaux, who was entering at the moment.
"that artist fellow who was trespassing in the park this morning--ifnothing worse is proved against him--must have a superb cheek," hesaid angrily.
"he actually had the impertinence to ask miss manning tomeet him, no doubt offering some plausible yarn as an excuse.
i hopeyou'll test his story thoroughly, mr. winter.
at the least, he shouldbe forced to say what he was doing in these grounds at such an unusualhour."
"he is putting himself right with miss manning now," broke infurneaux.
"putting himself right with miss manning?
what the deuce do you mean,sir?"
fenley could snarl effectively when in the mood, and none mightdeny his present state of irritation, be the cause what it might.
"that young lady is the only person to whom he owes an explanation.
heis giving it to her now."
"will you kindly be more explicit?"
furneaux glanced from his infuriated questioner to winter, his faceone note of mild interrogation and non-comprehension.
"really, mr. fenley, i have said the same thing in two differentways," he cried.
"as a rule i contrive to be tolerably lucid in myremarks--don't i, mr.
for the younger fenley had just comein.
"what's up now?"
was robert's non-committal answer.
for some reason his brother did not reply, but furneaux suddenly grewvoluble.
"of course, you haven't heard that an artist named trenholme waspainting near the lake this morning when your father was killed," hesaid.
"fortunately, he was there before and after the shot was fired.
he can prove, almost to a yard, the locality where the murderer wasconcealed.
in fact, he is coming here tomorrow, at my request, to goover the ground with me.
"an interesting feature of the affair is that mr. trenholme is agenius.
i have never seen better work.
one of his drawings, a watercolor, has all the brilliancy and light of a david cox, but another,in oil, is a positive masterpiece.
it must have been done in a fewminutes, because miss manning did not know he was sitting beneath thecedars, and it is unreasonable to suppose that she would preserve thesame pose for any length of time--sufficiently long, that is----""did the bounder paint a picture of sylvia bathing?"
broke in robert,his red face purple with rage.
"allow me to remind you that you are speaking of a painter oftranscendent merit," said furneaux suavely.
"when _i_ meet him i'll give him a damned good hiding."
"he's rather tall and strongly built."
"i don't care how big he is, i'll down him."
"oh, stop this pothouse talk," put in hilton, giving the blusterer acontemptuous glance.
"mr. furneaux, you seem primed with information.
why should mr. trenholme, if that is his name, have the audacity tocall on miss manning?
he might have the impudence to skulk among theshrubs and watch a lady bathing, but i fail to see any motive for hisvisit to the towers this evening."
furneaux shook his head.
evidently the point did not appeal to him.
"there is no set formula that expresses the artistic temperament," hesaid.
"the man who passes whole years in studying the nude is oftenendowed with a very high moral sense.
mr. trenholme, though carriedaway by enthusiasm this morning, may be consumed with remorse tonightif he imagines that the lady who formed the subject of his sketch islikely to be distressed because of it.
"i fear i am to blame.
i stopped mr. trenholme from destroying thepicture today.
he meant burning it, since he had the sense to realizethat he would be summoned as a witness, not only at tomorrow'sinquest, but when the affair comes before the courts.
i was boundto point out that the drawings supplied his solitary excuse for beingin the locality at all.
he saw that--unwillingly, it is true, butwith painful clearness--so i assume that his visit to miss manningwas expiatory, a sort of humble obeisance to a goddess whom he hadoffended unwittingly.
i assume, too, that his plea for mercy has notproved wholly unsuccessful or miss manning would not now be walkingwith him across the park."
he turned to the gaping footman, for the wholeconversation had taken place in the hall.
"which way did miss sylviago?"
"down the avenue, sir," said the man.
"i saw miss sylvia meet thegentleman, and after some talk they went through the trees to theright."
robert raced off.
winter, who had not interfered hitherto, becausefurneaux always had a valid excuse for his indiscretions, made as ifhe would follow and restrain the younger fenley; but furneaux caughthis eye and winked.
the superintendent contentedhimself with gazing after robert fenley, who ran along the avenueuntil clear of the quarry wood, when he, too, plunged through theline of elms and was lost to sight.
hilton watched his impetuous brother with a brooding underlook.
hestill held in his hand a leather portfolio bulging with papers, someof which he had placed there when winter opened the door of therailway coach in st. pancras station.
the footman offered to relievehim of it, but was swept aside with a gesture.
"i have never known robert so excited and erratic in his movements ashe has been today," he said at last.
"i hope he will not engage in avulgar quarrel with this mr. trenholme, especially in miss manning'spresence."
apparently he could not quite control his voice, in which a sense ofunctuous amusement revealed itself.
furneaux could not resist such anopportunity.
he had pierced robert's thick skin; now he undertook amore delicate operation.
"that would be doubly unfortunate," he said, chuckling quietly.
"if iam any judge of men, mr. robert fenley would meet more than his matchin our artist friend, while he would certainly undo all the goodeffect of an earlier and most serious and convincing conversation withthe young lady."
hilton swung around on him.
"when did my brother return from london?"
"shortly before five o'clock.
he and miss manning had tea together,and afterward strolled in the gardens.
i don't wonder at any artistwishing to sketch miss manning?
if i may be allowed to say it,i have never seen a more graceful and charming girl."
"may i inquire if you have made any progress in the particular inquiryfor which i brought you here?"
hilton fenley spoke savagely.
he meant to be offensive, since theinnuendo was unmistakable.
apparently furneaux's remarks had achievedsome hypodermic effect.
"oh, yes," was the offhand answer.
"i have every reason to believethat mr. winter and i will make an arrest without undue loss of time."
"i am glad to hear it.
thus far your methods have not inspired theconfidence i, as a member of the public, was inclined to repose inscotland yard.
i am going to my rooms now, and dine at a quarter toeight.
about nine o'clock i wish to go into matters thoroughly withmr. winter and you.
at present, i think it only fair to say that i amnot satisfied with the measures, whatever they may be, you have seenfit to adopt."
he seemed to await a retort, but none came, so he strode across thehall and hurried up the stairs.
furneaux continued to gaze blanklydown the long, straight avenue, nor did he utter a word till a dooropened and closed on the first floor in the southeast corner.
then he spoke.
"some people are very hard to please," he said plaintively.
winter beckoned to the footman.
"do you mind asking mr. tomlinson if he can come here for a moment?"
when the man disappeared he muttered--"why are you stroking everybody's fur the wrong way, charles?"
"a useful simile, james.
if they resemble cats we may see sparks, andeach of those young men has something of the tiger in him."
"but things have gone horribly wrong all day--after a highly promisingstart, too.
i don't see that we are any nearer laying hands on amurderer because we have unearthed various little scandals in thelives of mortimer fenley's sons.
and what game are you playing withthis artist, trenholme?"
"the supremely interesting problem just now is the game which he isplaying with robert fenley.
if that young ass attacks him he'll getthe licking he wants, and if you're in any doubt about mypronouns----""oh, dash you and your pronouns!
have you aplan of any sort?"
three separate lines of attack, each deadly.
but there arefolk whose mental equipment renders them incapable of understandingplain english.
now, my friend tomlinson will show you what i mean.
i'll ask him a simple question, and he will give you a perfect exampleof a direct answer.
tomlinson, can you tell me what the extrados of avoussoir is?"
"no, mr. furneaux, i can not," said the butler, smiling at what heregarded as the little man's humor.
cried furneaux delightedly.
"ain't i a prophet?
no evasionsabout tomlinson, are there?"
"i think you're cracked," growled winter, picking up his suitcase.
"ifi'm to stay here tonight, i shall want a room of some sort.
mr.tomlinson, can you----""share mine," broke in furneaux.
"i'm the quietest sleeper living.
ourfriend here is sure to have at disposal a room with two beds in it."
"the principal guest room is unoccupied," said the butler.
"where is it?"
"on the first floor, sir, facing south."
"couldn't be better.
the very thing.
here comes my baggage."
andthe others saw a policeman bicycling up the avenue, with a smallportmanteau balanced precariously between the handlebars and the frontbuttons of his tunic.
"you gentlemen will dine in my room, i hope?"
said tomlinson, when hehad escorted them upstairs.
"we are not invited to the family circle, at any rate," said winter.
"well, you will not suffer on that account," announced tomlinsongenially.
"of course, i shall not have the pleasure of sharing themeal with you, but dinner will be served at a quarter to eight.
mr.furneaux knows his way about the house, so, with your permission, i'llleave you at present.
if you're disengaged at nine thirty i'll be gladto see you in my sanctum."
"isn't he a gem?"
cried furneaux, when the door had closed, and he andwinter were alone.
winter sat down on the side of a bed.
he was worried, and did notstrive to hide it.
for the first time in his life he felt distrustfulof himself, and he suspected, too, that furneaux was only coveringabject failure by a display of high spirits.
"why so pensive an attitude, james?"
inquired the other softly.
"areyou still wondering what the extrados of a voussoir is?"
"i don't care a tuppenny damn what it is."
"but that's where you're wrong.
that's where you're crass andpig-headed.
the extrados of a voussoir----""oh, kill it, and let it die happy----""--is the outer curve of a wedge-shaped stone used for building anarch.
now, mark you, those are words of merit.
wedge, arch--wedges offact which shall construct the arch of evidence.
we'll have our manin the dock across that bridge before we are much older."
"confound it, how?
he couldn't be in his bedroom and in the quarrywood, four hundred yards away, at one and the same moment."
furneaux gazed fixedly at his friend's forehead, presumably the seatof reason.
"sometimes, james, you make me gasp with an amazed admiration," hecooed.
"you do, really.
you arrive at the same conclusion as i, athinker, without any semblance of thought process on your part.
how doyou manage it!
is it through association with me?
you know, there'ssuch a thing as inductive electricity.
a current passing through ahighly charged wire can excite another wire, even a common iron one,without actual contact."
"i've had a rotten afternoon, and don't feel up to your far-fetchedjokes just now; so if you have nothing to report, shut up," said thesuperintendent crossly.
"then i'll cheer your melancholy with a bit of real news brightenedby imagination," answered furneaux promptly.
"hilton fenley couldn'thave fired the rifle himself, except by certain bizarre means which ishall lay before the court later; but he planned and contrived themurder, down to the smallest detail.
he wore brother robert's bootswhen available; from appearances brother robert is now wearing theidentical pair which made those footprints we saw, but i shall knowin the morning, for that fiery young sprig obligingly left anotherwell-marked set of prints in the same place twenty minutes ago.
whencircumstances compelled hilton to walk that way in his own boots, heslipped on two roughly made moccasins, which he burned last night,having no further use for them.
therefore, he knew the murder wouldtake place this morning.
"i've secured shreds of the sacking out of which he made the pads tocover his feet; and an under gardener remembers seeing mr. hiltonmaking off with an empty potato sack one day last week, and wonderingwhy he wanted it.
during some mornings recently hilton fenleybreakfasted early and went out, but invariably had an excuse for notaccompanying his father to the city.
he was then studying the detailsof the crime, making sure that an expert, armed with a modern rifle,could not possibly miss such a target as a man standing outside adoorway, and elevated above the ground level by some five feet ormore.
"no servant could possibly observe that mr. hilton was wearing mr.robert's boots, because they do not differ greatly in size; butluckily for us, a criminal always commits an error of some sort, andhilton blundered badly when he made those careful imprints of hisbrother's feet, as the weather has been fine recently, and the onlymud in this locality lies in that hollow of the quarry wood.
ithappens that some particles of that identical mud were imbedded in thecarpet of hilton fenley's sitting-room.
i'm sorry to have to say it,because the housemaid is a nice girl."
"never mind the housemaid.
"exactly what the housemaid would remark if she heard me; only shewould giggle, and you look infernally serious.
next item: hiltonfenley, like most high-class scoundrels, has the nerves of a cat, withall a cat's fiendish brutality.
he could plan and carry out a callouscrime and lay a subtle trail which must lead to that cry baby, robert,but he was unable to control his emotions when he saw his father'scorpse.
that is where the murderer nearly always fails.
he can neverpicture in death that which he hated and doomed in life.
there is anelement in death----""chuck it!"
said winter unfeelingly.
furneaux winced, and affected to be deeply hurt.
"the worst feature of service in scotland yard is its demoralizingeffect on the finer sentiments," he said sadly.
"men lose all humaninstincts when they become detectives or newspaper reporters.
now theordinary policeman ofttimes remains quite soft-hearted.
for instance,police constable farrow, though preening himself on being the pivot onwhich this case revolves, was much affected by hilton fenley's firstheart-broken words to him.
'poor young gentleman,' said farrow, whenwe were discussing the affair this afternoon, 'he was cut up somethinkorful.
i didn't think he had it in him, s'elp me, i didn't.
tole me toact for the best.
said some one had fired a bullet which nearly torehis father to pieces.'
"there was more of the same sort of thing, and i got farrow to jotdown the very words in his notebook.
of course, he doesn't guesswhy.... now, i wonder how hilton fenley knew the effect of that bulleton his father's body.
the doctor had not arrived.
there had been onlya superficial examination by tomlinson of the orifice of the wound.
what other mind in roxton would picture to itself the havoc caused byan expanding bullet?
the man who uttered those words _knew_ what sortof bullet had been used.
he _knew_ it would tear his father's body topieces.
a neurotic imagination was at work, and that cry of horror wasthe soul's unconscious protest against the very fiendishness of itsown deed...."oh, yes.
let these fenleys quarrel about that girl, and we'll seehilton marching steadily toward the old bailey.
of course, we'llassist him.
we'll make certain he doesn't deviate or falter on theroad.
but he'll follow it, and of his own accord; and the first longstride will be taken when he goes to the quarry wood to retrieve therifle which lies hidden there."
winter whistled softly.
then he looked at his watch.
turned half past seven," he said.
"james is himself again.
we have hardly ascrap of evidence, but that doesn't trouble our worthy superintendenta little bit, and he'll enjoy his dinner far better than he thoughtpossible ten minutes ago.
_sacré nom d'une pipe!_ by the time you'vetasted a bottle from tomlinson's favorite bin you'll be preparing abrief for the treasury solicitor!"
now, perhaps, taking advantage of an interval while therepresentatives of scotland yard sought the aid of soap and water asa preliminary to a meal, it is permissible to wander in the gloamingwith sylvia manning and her escort.
to speak of the gloaming is apoetic license, it is true.
seven o'clock on a fine summer evening inengland is still broad daylight, but daylight of a quality that lendsitself admirably to the exigencies of romance.
there is a species ofdreaminess in the air.
the landscape assumes soft tints unknown toa fiery sun.
tender shadows steal from undiscovered realms.
it ispermissible to believe that every night on parnassus is a night injune.
at first these two young people were at a loss to know what to talkabout.
by tacit consent they ignored the morning's tragedy, yet theymight not indulge in the irresponsible chatter which would haveprovided a ready resource under normal conditions.
luckily trenholmeremembered that the girl said she painted.
"it is a relief to find that you also are of the elect," he said.
"anartist will look at my pictures with the artist's eye.
there areother sorts of eyes--eliza's, for instance.
do you know eliza, of thewhite horse?"
sylvia collected her wits, which were wool-gathering.
"i think i have met her at village bazaars and tea fights," she said.
"is she a stout, red-faced woman?"
"both, to excess; but her chief attribute is her tongue, which hassolved the secret of perpetual motion.
had it kept silent even fora few seconds at lunch time today, that sharp-eyed and rabbit-eareddetective would never have known of the second picture--yourpicture--because i can eke out my exhibits by a half finished sketchof the lake and a pencil note of the gates.
but putting the bits ofthe puzzle together afterwards, i came to the conclusion that mary,our kitchen maid, passed my room, saw the picture on the easel and wasscandalized.
she of course told eliza, who went to be shocked on herown account, and then came downstairs and pitched into me.
at thatmoment the scotland yard man turned up."
"is it so very--dreadful, then?"
it may fall far short of the standard set by my own vanity;but given any sort of skill in the painter, how can a charming studyof a girl in a bathing costume, standing by the side of a statue ofaphrodite, be dreadful?
of course, miss manning, you can hardlyunderstand the way in which a certain section of the public regardsart.
in studio jargon we call it the 'oh, ma!'
crowd, that being thefavorite exclamation of the young ladies who peep and condemn.
thesepeople are the hopeless philistines who argue about the sex of angels,and demand that nude statues shall be draped.
but my picture mustspeak for itself.
tell me something about your own work.
are youtaking up painting seriously?"
now, to be candid, sylvia herself was not wholly emancipated from thestate of philistinism which trenholme was railing at.
had he been lesseager to secure a favorable verdict, or even less agitated by theunlooked-for condescension she was showing, he would have seen theabsurdity of classing a girl of twenty with the lovers of art forart's sake, those earnest-eyed enthusiasts who regard a perfect curveor an inimitable flesh tint as of vastly greater importance than thesqueamishness of the young person.
painters have their limitations aswell as mrs. grundy, and john trenholme did not suffer a fool gladly.
sylvia, however, had the good sense to realize that she was listeningto a man whose finer instincts had never been trammeled by conventionswhich might be wholesome in an academy for young ladies.
certainly shewondered what sort of figure she cut in this much debated picture, butthat interesting point would be determined shortly.
meanwhile sheanswered demurely enough:"i'm afraid you have taken me too seriously.
i have hardly progressedbeyond the stage where one discovers, with a sort of gasp, that treesmay be blue or red, and skies green.
though i am going to look at yourpictures, mr. trenholme, it by no means follows that i shall ever dareto show you any of mine."
"still, i think you must have the artistic soul," he saidthoughtfully.
"there was more than mere physical delight in your swimming thismorning.
you reveled in the sunlight, in the golden air, in the scentsof trees and shrubs and flowering grass.
first-rate swimmer as youare, you would not have enjoyed that dip half as much if it were takenin a covered bath, where your eyes dwelt only on white tiles anddressing-booths."
the girl, subtly aware of a new element in life, was alarmed by itspiercing sweetness, and with ruthless logic brought their talk back toa commonplace level.
"roxton seems to be a rather quaint place to find you in, mr.trenholme," she said.
"how did you happen on our tiny village?
thoughso far from london, we are quite a byway.
why did you pay us a visit?"
so trenholme dropped to earth again, and they spoke of matters ofslight import till the boundary wall was reached.
sylvia hailed a man attending cattle in the farmyard, and the artistvaulted the wall, which was breast high.
the girl wondered if shecould do that.
when opportunity served she would try.
resting herelbows on the coping-stones, she watched trenholme as he hurried awayamong the buildings and made for the village.
she had never before metsuch a man or any one even remotely like him.
he differed essentiallyfrom the fenleys, greatly as the brothers themselves differed.
withoutconscious effort to please, he had qualities that appealed strongly towomen, and sylvia knew now that no consideration would induce her tomarry either of her "cousins."
if asked to put her thought into words, she would have boggled at thetask, for intuition is not to be defined in set speech.
in her ownway, she had summed up the characteristics of the two men with one ofwhom marriage had been at least a possibility.
hilton she feared androbert she despised, so if either was to become her husband, it wouldbe hilton.
but five minutes of john trenholme's companionship hadgiven her a standard by which to measure her suitors, and both fellwofully short of its demands.
she saw with startling clearness ofvision that hilton, the schemer, and robert, the wastrel, led selfishlives.
souls they must possess, but souls starved by lack ofspirituality, souls pent in dun prisons of their own contriving.
she was so lost in thought, thought that strayed from crystal-brightimageries to nebulous shapes at once dark and terrifying, that thefirst intimation she received of robert fenley's approach was hisstertorous breathing.
from a rapid walk he had broken into a jog trotwhen he saw trenholme vanish over the wall.
of late he seldom walkedor rode a horse, and he was slightly out of condition, so his heavyface was flushed and perspiring, and his utterance somewhat laboredwhen the girl turned at his cry:"i say, sylvia--you've given me such a chase!
who the deuce is thatfellow, an' what are you doing here?"
robert had appeared at an inauspicious moment.
sylvia eyed him with anew disfavor.
he was decidedly gross, both in manner and language.
shewas sure he could not have vaulted the wall.
"i'm not aware that i called for any chasing on your part," she said,with an aloofness perilously akin to disdain.
he halted, panting, and eyed her sulkily.
"no, but dash it all!
you can't go walking around with any rottenoutsider who forces himself into your company," was the most amiablereply he could frame on the spur of the moment.
"you are short of breath," she said, smiling in a curiously impersonalway.
"run back to the house.
it will do you good."
you run with me.
the first gong will go any minute, andwe've got to eat, you know, even though the pater _is_ dead."
it was an unhappy allusion.
"my poor uncle's death did not seem to trouble you greatly thismorning," she said.
"kindly leave me now.
i'll follow soon.
i amwaiting for mr. trenholme, who wants to show me some sketches."
"a nice time to look at sketches, upon my word!
and who's trenholme,i'd like to know?"
sylvia bethought herself.
certainly an explanation was needful, andher feminine wit supplied one instantly.
"mr. trenholme was sent here by the scotland yard people," she said,a trifle less frigidly.
"i suppose we shall all be mixed up in theinquiry the detectives are holding, and it seems that mr. trenholmewas at work in the park this morning when that awful affair tookplace.
unknown to me, i was near the spot where he was sketchingbefore breakfast, and one of the detectives, the little one, says itis important that--that the fact should be proved.
mr. trenholmecalled to tell me just what happened.
so you see there is nothing inhis action that should annoy any one--you least of any, since youwere away from home at the time."
"but why has he mizzled over the wall?"
"he is staying at the white horse inn, and has gone to fetch thedrawings."
"oh, i didn't understand.
if that's it, i'll wait till he turns up.
you'll soon get rid of him."
sylvia had no valid reason to urge against this decision, but she didnot desire robert's company, and chose a feminine method of resentingit.
"i don't think mr. trenholme will be anxious to meet you," she saidcoolly.
"you are such a transparent person in your likes and dislikes.
youhave never even seen him, in the ordinary sense of the word, yet youspeak of him in a way so unwarranted, so ridiculously untrue, thatyour manner might annoy him."
"my manner, indeed!
is he so precious then?
by gad, it'll beinteresting to look this rare bird over."
she turned her back on him and leaned on the wall again.
her slight,lissome figure acquired a new elegance from her black dress.
roberthad never set eyes on sylvia in such a costume before that day.
hitherto she had been a schoolgirl, a flapper, a straight-limbed,boyish young person in long frocks; but today she seemed to have puton a new air of womanliness, and he found it strangely attractive.
"there's no sense in our quarreling about the chap anyhow," he saidwith a gruff attempt to smooth away difficulties.
"of course, ish'an't let on i followed you.
just spotted you in the distance andjoined you by chance, don't you know."
sylvia did not answer.
she was comparing robert fenley'sconversational style with john trenholme's, and the comparison wasunflattering to robert.
so he, too, came and leaned on the wall.
"i'm sorry if i annoyed you just now, syl," he said.
"that dashedlittle detective is to blame.
he does put things in such a beastlyunpleasant way."
"why, about you and me and all of us.
gave me a regular lecturebecause i went back to town this morning.
i couldn't help it, oldgirl.
i really couldn't.
i had to settle some urgent business, butthat's all ended now.
the pater's death has steadied me.
no moregallivanting off to london for me.
settle down in roxton, board ofguardians on saturdays, church on sunday, tea and tennis at thevicarage, and 'you-come-to-our-place-tomorrow.'
you know the sort ofthing--old-fashioned, respectable and comfy.
i'll sell my motor bikeand start a car.
motor bikes make a fellow a bit of a vagabond--eh,what?
they _will_ go the pace.
you can't stop 'em.
fifty per, and behanged to the police, that's their motto."
"it sounds idyllic," the girl forced herself to say lightly, but herteeth met with a snap, and her fingers gripped the rough surface ofthe stones, for she remembered how trenholme had said of her that she"reveled in the sunlight, in the golden air, in the scents of treesand shrubs and flowering grasses."
there was a musical cadence in her voice that restored robert's surlygood humor; he was of that peculiar type of spoiled youth whose laughis a guffaw and whose mirth ever holds a snarl.
"here comes your paint slinger," he said.
"wonder if he really canstage a decent picture.
if so, when the present fuss is ended we'llget him to do a group.
you and me and the keepers and dogs in frontof the warren covert, next october, after a big drive.
how would thatbe?"
"i'm sure mr. trenholme will feel flattered."
when trenholme approached he was not too well pleased to find missmanning in charge of a new cavalier.
from items gathered earlier in the village he guessed the newcomer'sidentity.
perhaps he expected that the girl would offer anintroduction, but she only smiled pleasantly and said:"you must have hurried.
i do hope i haven't put you to anyinconvenience?"
"eliza informed me that she had just popped my chicken in the oven,so there is plenty of time," he said.
"i suppose it makes one hotto be constantly popping things into ovens.
in the course of yearsone should become a sort of salamander.
have you ever read theautobiography of that great artist and very complete rascal, benvenutocellini?
he is the last person reputed to have seen a real salamanderin the fire, and he only remembered the fact because his father beathim lest he should forget it."
broke in robert cheerfully.
"never heard of him.... well, let's have a peep-o.
miss manning and idine at a quarter to eight.
you've been taking some snapshots in thepark, i'm told.
if they've got any ginger in them----""probably you will describe them as hot stuff," said trenholme, layinga portfolio on the wall in front of sylvia and opening it.
"this is a pencil drawing of the great gates," he went on, ignoringfenley.
"of course, they're wren's, and therefore beautiful.
roxtonpark holds a real treasure in those gates, miss manning.
here is awater-color sketch of the house and grounds.
do you like it?"
"oh, it is exquisite!
why, you have caught the very glint of sunshineon the walls and roofs, and it is shimmering in the leaves of thatcopper beech.
it looks so easy."
robert peered over her shoulder.
sylvia's gasp of admiration annoyedhim; but he looked and said nothing.
"this," continued trenholme, "is an unfinished study of the lake.
iwas so busily occupied that i was not aware of your presence until youwere quite near at hand.
then when you dived into the water i grabbeda canvas and some tubes of paint.
here is the result--completed, to alarge extent, in my room at the inn."
he took a picture out of a compartment of the portfolio speciallyconstructed to protect an undried surface, and placed it at an anglethat suited the light.
his tone was unconcerned, for he had steeledhimself against this crucial moment.
would she be angered?
would thoselimpid blue eyes, violet now in shadow, be raised to his in protestand vexed dismay?
during the brief walk to and from the inn he hadrecollected the girl's age, her surroundings, the cramping influencesof existence in a society of middle-class city folk.
he felt like aprisoner awaiting a verdict when the issue was doubtful, and a wave ofimpulse might sway the jury one way or the other.
but he held his head high, and his face flushed slightly, for therecould be no gainsaying the message glowing from that cunning brushwork.
there were two goddesses, one in marble and one palpitating withlife.
the likeness, too, was undeniable.
if one was a replica of greekart at its zenith, the other was unmistakably sylvia manning.
the girl gazed long and earnestly.
her pale cheeks had reddened for aninstant, but the flood of surprise and emotion ebbed as quickly as itflowed, and left her wan, with parted lips.
at last she looked at trenholme and spoke.
she said, and their eyes met.
the artist understood; and he in turn, blanched somewhat.
ratherhastily he replaced the picture in its receptacle.
robert fenley coughed and grinned, and the spell was broken.
"you said i'd call it hot stuff," he said.
"well, you sized my opinionup to a t. of course, it's jolly clever--any fellow can see that----""good night, mr. trenholme," said sylvia, and she made off at a rapidpace.
robert grinned again.
"no young lady would stand that sort of thing," he chuckled.
"youdidn't really think she would--eh, what?
but look here, i'll buy it.
send me a line later."
he hurried after sylvia, running to overtake her.
trenholme stoodthere a long time; in fact, until the two were hidden by the distantline of trees.
then he smiled.
"so you are robert fenley," he communed, packing the portfolioleisurely.
"well, if sylvia manning marries you, i'll be a bachelorall my days, for i'll never dare imagine i know anything about awoman's soul; though i'm prepared at this hour of grace to stake mycareer that that girl's soul is worthy of her very perfect body."
puffing a good deal, fenley contrived to overhaul his "cousin."
"by jing, sylvia, you can step out a bit," he said.
"and you changeyour mind mighty quick.
five minutes ago you were ready to wait anylength of time till that johnny turned up, and now you're doing morethan five per.
what's the rush?
it's only half past seven, and wedon't dress tonight."
"i'm not dining downstairs," she answered.
"oh, i say, i can't stand hilton all alone."
"nor can i stand either of you," she was tempted to retort, butcontented herself by saying that she had arranged for a meal to beserved in her aunt's room.
grumble and growl as he might, robert couldnot shake her resolve; he was in a vile temper when he reached thedining-room.
his brother had not arrived, so he braced himself for an ordeal bydrinking a stiff whisky and soda.
when hilton came in the pair noddedto each other but ate in silence.
at last robert glanced up attomlinson.
"just shove the stuff on the table and clear out," he said.
mr. hilton and i want to have a quiet talk."
hilton gave him a quick underlook but did not interfere.
perhapspurposely, when the servants had left the room he opened the battlewith a sneer.
"i hope you didn't make a fool of yourself this evening," he said.
queried robert, wondrously subdued to all appearance, thoughaching to give the other what he called "a bit of his mind."
"i understand you made after sylvia and the artist, meaning tochastise somebody."
"you were wrong," said robert slowly.
"you nearly always are.
i makemistakes myself, but i own up handsomely.
that's where wediffer, see?"
"i see differences," and hilton helped himself to a glass of claret.
"trenholme, the artist johnny, is a clever chap--slightly cracked, asthey all are, but dashed clever.
by gad, you ought to see the picturehe's painted of sylvia.
anyhow, you _will_ see it.
i've bought it."
"i said i'd buy it--same thing.
he'll jump at the offer.
it'll hang inmy dressing-room.
i don't suppose sylvia will kick about a triflelike that when we're married."
hilton was holding the glass of wine to his lips.
his hand shook, andhe spilled a little, but he drank the remainder.
"when did you decide to marry sylvia?"
he inquired, after a pausewhich might have been needed to gain control of his voice.
"it's been decided for a long time," said robert doggedly, himselfshowing some signs of enforced restraint.
"it was the pater's wish, asyou know.
i'm sorry now i didn't fix matters before he died; but'better late than never.'
i asked sylvia today, and we've arranged toget married quite soon."
"are you by any chance telling the truth?"
"what the blazes do you mean?"
and robert's fist pounded the tableheavily.
"exactly what i say.
you say that you and sylvia have arranged to getmarried quite soon.
those were your words.
is that true?"
"confound you, of course it is."
"sylvia has actually agreed to that?"
"i asked her.
what more do you want?"
"i am merely inquiring civilly what she said."
"dash it, you know what girls are like.
you ought to.
isn't eileengarth a bit coy at times?"
"one might remark that mrs. lisle also was coy."
"look here----" began the other furiously, but the other checked him.
"let us stop bickering like a couple of counter jumpers," he said, anda shrewder man than robert might have been warned by the slow,incisive utterance.
"you make an astonishing announcement on anoccasion when it might least be expected, yet resent any doubt beingthrown on its accuracy.
did or did not sylvia accept you?"
"well, she said something about not wishing to talk of marriage sosoon after the old man's death, but that was just her way of puttingit.
i mean to marry her; and when a fellow has made up his mind on athing like that it's best to say so and have done with it.
sylvia's ajolly nice girl, and has plenty of tin.
i'm first in the field, so i'mwarning off any other candidates.
"yes, i see," said hilton, pouring out another glass of wine.
thistime his hand was quite steady, and he drank without mishap.
"ain't you going to wish me luck?"
said robert, eying him viciously.
"i agree with sylvia.
the day we have lost our father is hardly afitting time for such a discussion; or shall i say ceremony?"
"you can say what the devil you like.
and you can do what you like.
only keep off my corns and i won't tread on yours."
having, as he fancied, struck a decisive blow in the struggle forthat rare prize, sylvia, robert fenley pushed back his chair, arose,waited a second for an answer which came not, and strode out,muttering something about being "fed up."
hilton's face was lowered, and one nervous hand shaded his brows.
robert thought he had scored, but he could not see the inhuman rageblazing in those hidden eyes.
the discovery, had he made it, might nothave distressed him, but he would surely have been puzzled by thestrange smile which wrinkled hilton's sallow cheeks when the doorclosed and the eurasian was left alone in the dining-room.
three dinners for two were in progress in the towers at one and thesame hour.
one feast had been shortened by the ill-concealed hatred ofeach brother for the other.
at the second, brooding care foundunwonted lodging in the charming personality of sylvia manning--care,almost foreboding, heightened by the demented mutterings of her"aunt."
at the third, with the detectives, sat responsibility; butlight-heartedly withal, since these seasoned man-hunters could castoff their day's work like a garment.
the first and second meals were of the high quality associated withenglish country houses of a superior class; the third was a spread forepicures.
tomlinson saw to that.
he was catering for a gourmet infurneaux, and rose to the requisite height.
the little man sighed as he tasted the soup.
"what is it now?"
inquired winter, whose glance was dwellingappreciatively on a dusty bottle labeled "clos vosgeot, 1879."
"i hate eating the food of a man whom i mean to produce as a starturn at the old bailey," was the despondent answer.
"so do i, if it comes to that," said winter briskly.
"but thisappetizing menu comes out of another larder.
i shall be vastlymistaken if we're not actually the guests of a certain pretty younglady.
finance of the fenley order is not in good odor in the city.
"have no scruples, my boy.
we may be vultures at the feast; but beforewe see the end of the fenley case there'll be a smash in bishopsgatestreet, and miss sylvia manning will be lucky if some sharp lawyer isable to grab some part of the wreckage for her benefit."
"clear logic, at any rate."
and furneaux brightened visibly.
"i'll tell you what it's based on.
our swarthy friend was examininglists of securities in the train.
he didn't lift his head quicklyenough--took me for a ticket puncher, i expect--so i had time to twigwhat he was doing.
i'd like to run my eye over the papers in thatleather portfolio."
"you may manage it.
you're the luckiest fellow breathing.
suchopportunities come your way.
_i_ have to make them."
after an interlude played by sole colbert, winter shot an amusedquestion at his companion.
"what's at the back of your head with regard to the artist and misssylvia?"
"it's high time she spoke to a real man.
these fenleys are animals,all of 'em.
john trenholme is a genius, and a good-looking one."
"i met the girl in a corridor a while ago, and she was ratherdisconsolate, i thought."
"and with good reason.
you've noticed how each brother eyes her.
they'll fight like jackals before this night is out.
i hope sylviawill indulge in what women call a good cry.
that will be trenholme'sgolden hour.
some frenchman--of course he was clever, beingfrench--says that a man should beware when a woman smiles but he maydare all when she weeps."
"are we marriage brokers, then?"
"we must set the fenleys at each other's throats."
"yes," mused winter aloud, when a _ris de veau bonne maman_ had passedlike a dream, "this affair is becoming decidedly interesting.
butevery why hath a wherefore, according to shakespeare.
tell me"--andhis voice sank to a whisper--"tell me why you believe hilton fenleykilled his father."
"you nosed your way into that problem this afternoon.
between hismother and that girl, eileen garth, he was in a tight place.
he stolethose bonds.
i fancied it at the time, but i know it now.
they werenegotiated in paris by a woman who occupied a room in the hoteld'italie, rue caumartin, paris, and one of her registered boxes borethe rail number, 517."
"you little devil!"
blazed out winter.
"and you never said a word wheni told you!"
"astonishment has rendered you incoherent.
you mean, of course, whenyou told me you had seen in gloucester mansions a box labeled inaccordance with the facts i have just retailed.
but i yield that minorpoint.
it is a purist's, at the best.
i have supplied a motive, onemotive, for the crime; the plotter feared discovery.
but there aredozens of others.
he was impatient of the old man's rigid control.
hilton is sharp and shrewd, and he guessed things were going wrongfinancially.
he knew that his father's methods were out of date, andbelieved he could straighten the tangle if the reins of power were notwithheld too long.
"he saw that sylvia manning's gold was in the melting-pot, andappreciated precisely the cause of the elder fenley's anxiety that sheshould marry robert.
once in the family, you know, her fortunes werebound up with theirs; while any 'cute lawyer could dish her in themarriage settlements if sufficiently well paid for a nasty job.
whensylvia was mrs. robert fenley, and perhaps mother of a squallingfenley, the head of the business could face the future if not withconfidence, at least with safety.
but where would hilton be then?
thegirl lost, the money in jeopardy, and he himself steadily elbowedout.
_'cré nom!_ i've known men murdered for less convincingreasons."
"men, yes; not fathers."
"some sons are the offspring of beelzebub.
consider the parentage inthis instance.
fenley, a groom and horse coper on the one hand, andthe dark daughter of a calcutta merchant on the other.
if the progenyof such a union escaped a hereditary taint it would be a miracle.
cremate hilton fenley and his very dust will contain evil germs."
"you're strong in theory but weak in proof."
that style of argument invariably nettled furneaux.
"you must butt into a few more mysterious suites of apartments inlondon and elsewhere, and you'll supply proof in bucketfuls," hesnapped.
"but was there an accomplice?
squirm as you like, you can't get overthe fact that hilton was in his room when the bullet that killed hisfather came from the wood."
"he is not the sort of person likely to trust his liberty, hislife even, to the keeping of any other human being.
i start fromthe hypothesis that he alone planned and carried out the crime,so i do not lift my hand and cry 'impossible,' but i ask myself,'how was it done?'
well, there are several methods worthy ofconsideration--clockwork, electricity, even a time fuse attachedto the proper mechanism.
i haven't really bothered myself yet todetermine the means, because when that knowledge becomes indispensablewe must have our man under lock and key."
"of course, the rifle is securely fixed in that----"the door opened.
tomlinson came in, smiling blandly.
"i hope you are enjoying your dinner, gentlemen both?"
"you have made your cook an artist," said furneaux.
"i suppose you are happier here than in a big london restaurant," saidwinter.
the butler appreciated such subtle compliments, and beamed on them.
"with a little encouragement and advice, our chef can prepare a veryeatable dinner," he said.
"as for my own ambitions, i have had them,like every man worth his salt; but i fill a comfortable chair here--noworry, no grumbling, not a soul to say _nem_ or _con_, so long asthings go smoothly."
"it must have been _nem_ all the time," giggled furneaux, and winterwas so afflicted by a desire to sneeze that he buried his face in anapkin.
"and how was the wine?"
went on tomlinson, with an eye on the littleman.
furneaux's features were crinkled in a japanese smile.
he wantedto kick winter, who was quivering with suppressed laughter.
"i never expected to find such vintages in a house of the _mauvaisriches_," he said.
"perhaps you don't speak french, mr. tomlinson, soallow me to explain that i am alluding to men of wealth not born inthe purple."
well sir, poor mr. fenley left the stocking ofhis cellar entirely to me.
i gave the matter much thought.
when myknowledge was at fault i consulted experts, and the result----""that is the result," cried furneaux, seizing the empty claret bottle,and planting it so firmly on the table that the cutlery danced.
a shoulder of lamb, served _à la soubise_, appeared; and tomlinson,announcing that his presence in the dining-room had been dispensedwith, thought he would join them in a snack.
being a hospitablecreature, he opened another bottle of the clos vosgeot, but his guestswere not to be tempted.
"well, then," he said, "in a few minutes you must try our port.
it isnot alto douro, mr. furneaux, but it has body and bowket."
winter was better prepared this time.
moreover he was carving, andaware of a master's criticism, and there are occult problems connectedwith even such a simple joint as a shoulder of lamb.
furneaux, too,was momentarily subdued.
he seemed to be reflecting sadly that statuesof gold, silver and bronze may have feet of clay.
"i have often thought, gentlemen," said the butler, "that yours mustbe a most interesting profession.
you meet all sorts and conditions ofmen and women."
"we consort with the noblest malefactors," agreed furneaux.
"dear me, sir, you do use the queerest words.
now, i should neverdream of describing a criminal as noble."
"not in the generally accepted sense, perhaps.
but you, i take it,have not had the opportunity of attending a really remarkable trial,when, say, some intellectual giant among murderers is fighting for hislife.
believe me, no drama of the stage can rival that tragedy.
"the chief actor, remote, solitary, fenced away from the world he ishoping to reënter, sits there in state.
every eye is on him, yet hefaces judge, jury, counsel, witnesses and audience with a calm dignityworthy of an emperor.
he listens imperturbably to facts which may hanghim, to lies which may lend color to the facts, to well-meaningguesses which are wide of the mark.
truthful and false evidence isequally prone to err when guilt or innocence must be determined bycircumstances alone.
"but the prisoner _knows_.
he is the one man able to discriminatebetween truth and falsity, yet he must not reveal the cruel stabof fact or the harmless buffet of fiction by so much as a flickerof an eyelid.
he surveys the honest blunderer and the perjuredruffian--i mean the counsel for the defense and the prosecutionrespectively--with impartial scrutiny.
if he is a sublime villain,he will call on heaven to testify that he is innocent with asolemnity not surpassed by the judge who sentences him to death....yes, please, a bit off the knuckle end."
the concluding words were addressed to winter, and tomlinson started,for he was wrapped up in the scene furneaux was depicting.
"that point of view had not occurred to me," he admitted.
"you'll appreciate it fully when you see mr. fenley's murderer in thedock," said furneaux.
that brings your illustration home, indeed.
but shall weever know who killed him?"
look at that high dome of intelligence glistening at youacross the table.
but that it is forbid to tell the secrets of theprison house, it could a tale unfold whose slightest word would harrowup thy soul----"harris, the footman, entered, carrying a decanter.
"mr. hilton fenley's compliments, gentlemen, and will you try thisport?
he says mr. tomlinson will recommend it, because mr. fenleyhimself seldom takes wine.
mr. fenley will not trouble you to meet himagain this evening.
mr. tomlinson, mr. fenley wants you for amoment."
the butler rose.
"that is the very wine i spoke of," he said.
"if mr. hilton did nottouch it, mr. robert evidently appreciated it."
he glanced at harris, but the footman did not even suspect that hischaracter was at stake.
the decanter was nearly full when placed onthe sideboard; now it was half empty.
singularly enough, both winter and furneaux had intercepted thatquestioning glance, and had acquitted harris simultaneously.
"are the gentlemen still in the dining-room?"
"mr. hilton is there, sir, but mr. robert went out some time since."
"please convey our thanks to mr. hilton.
i'm sure we shall enjoy thewine."
when tomlinson and harris had gone, the eyes of the two detectivesmet.
they said nothing at first, and it may be remembered that theywere reputedly most dangerous to a pursued criminal when workingtogether silently.
winter took the decanter, poured out a smallquantity into two glasses, and gave furneaux one.
then they smelled,and tasted, and examined the wine critically.
the rich red liquidmight have been a poisonous decoction for the care they devoted to itsanalysis.
"i have so many sleepless nights that i recognize bromide, no matterhow it is disguised," he murmured.
"comparatively harmless, though a strong dose," said winter.
"if one has to swallow twenty grains or so of potassium bromide i cannot conceive any pleasanter way of taking them than mixed with a soundport."
winter filled one of the glasses four times, pouring each amount intoa tumbler.
furneaux looked into a cupboard, and found an empty beerbottle, which he rinsed with water.
meanwhile winter was fashioning afunnel out of a torn envelope, and in a few seconds the tumblerful ofwine was in the bottle, and the bottle in winter's pocket.
this done,the big man lit a cigar and the little one sniffed the smoke, whichwas his peculiar way of enjoying the weed.
"it was most thoughtful of mr. hilton fenley to try and secure us along night's uninterrupted sleep," said winter between puffs.
"but what a vitiated taste in wine he must attribute to scotlandyard," said furneaux bitterly.
"still, we should be grateful to him for supplying a gill of realevidence."
"i may forgive him later.
at present, i want to dilate his eyes withatropine, so that he may see weird shapes and be tortured of ghouls."
he won't need atropine for that."
"don't believe it, james.
in some respects he's cold-blooded as afish.
besides, he carries bromide tablets for his own use.
he simplycouldn't have arranged beforehand to dope us."
"he's getting scared."
"i should think so, indeed--in the fenley sense, that is.
his plotagainst robert has miscarried in one essential.
the rifle has not beenfound in the wood.
now, i'm in chastened mood, because the hour foraction approaches; so i'll own up.
i've been keeping something up mysleeve, just for the joy of watching you floundering 'midst deepwaters.
of course, you chose the right channel.
i knew you would, butit's a treat to see your elephantine struggles.
for all that, it's asheer impossibility that you should guess who put a sprag in the wheelof hilton's chariot.
give you three tries, for a new hat."
"you're desperately keen today on touching me for a new hat."
"well, this time you have an outside chance.
the others werecerts--for me."
winter smoked in silence for a space.
"i'll take you," he said.
the jerseyman shook his head.
"police constable farrow?"
ventured winter again.
furneaux's dismay was so comical that his colleague shook with mirth.
"i wanted a new silk topper," wheezed winter.
"silk topper be hanged.
i meant a straw, and that's what you'll get.
but how the deuce did you manage to hit upon farrow?"
"he closed the quarry wood at the psychological moment."
"you're sucking my brains, that's what you're doing," grumbledfurneaux.
"anyhow, you're right.
hilton had the scheme perfected tothe last detail, but he didn't count on farrow.
after a proper displayof agitation--not all assumed, either, because he was more shaken thanhe expected to be--he 'phoned the yard and the doctor.
we couldn'tarrive for nearly an hour, and the doctor starts on his rounds at nineo'clock sharp.
what so easy, therefore, as to wander out in a welterof grief and anger, and search the wood for the murderer on his ownaccount?
one solitary minute would enable him to put the rifle in ahiding-place where it would surely be discovered.
"but farrow stopped him.
i wormed the whole thing out of our sentrythis afternoon.
fenley tried hard to send farrow and bates off on awild-goose chase, but farrow, quite mistakenly, saw the chance of hislife and clung on to it.
had farrow budged we could never have hangedhilton.
don't you see how the scheme works?
he had some reason forbelieving that robert will refuse to give a full account of hiswhereabouts this morning.
therefore, he must contrive that the rifleshall be found.
put the two damning facts together, and robert is tiedin a knot.
of course, he would be forced to prove an alibi, but bythat time all england would be yelping, 'thou art the man.'
in anyevent, hilton's trail would be hopelessly lost."
"the true bowket of our port and bromide begins to tickle mynostrils."
a good-looking maid brought coffee, and furneaux grinned at her.
"how do you think he'd look in a nice straw hat?"
he asked, jerkinghis head toward winter.
the girl smiled.
the little man's reputationhad reached the kitchen.
she glanced demurely at the superintendent'sbullet head.
"not an ordinary straw.
you mean a panama," she said.
"certainly," laughed winter.
"nothing of the sort," howled furneaux.
"just run your eye over him.
he isn't an isthmus--he's a continent."
"a common straw wouldn't suit him," persisted the girl.
"he's too biga gentleman."
"how little you know him!"
the girl blushed and giggled.
she said, and bounced out.
"this inquiry will cost you a bit, my boy, if you're not careful,"sniggered winter.
"i'll compound on a straw; but take my advice, andcurb your sporting propensities.
now, if this coffee isn't doctored,let's drink it, and interview robert before the bromide begins toact."
robert fenley received them in his own room.
he strove to appear atease and business-like, but, as furneaux had surmised, was emphatic inhis refusal to give any clear statement as to his proceedings inlondon.
he admitted the visit to hendon road, which, he said, wasnecessitated by a promise to a friend who was going abroad, but hefailed to see why the police should inquire into his private affairs.
winter did not press him.
there was no need.
a scapegrace's recordcould always be laid bare when occasion served.
but one question hewas bound to put.
"have you any theory, however remote or far-fetched, that will accountfor your father's death in such a way?"
the younger fenley was smoking a cigarette.
a half consumed whisky andsoda stood on a table; a bottle of whisky and a siphon promisedrefreshers.
he was not quite sober, but could speak lucidly.
"naturally, i've been thinking a lot about that," he said, wrinklinghis forehead in the effort to concentrate his mind and express himselfwith due solemnity.
"it's funny, isn't it, that my rifle should bemissing?"
some sarcastic inflection in winter's voice seemed to reach a rathertorpid brain.
fenley looked up sharply.
"of course, funny isn't the right word," he said.
"i mean it's odd, abit of a mystery.
why should anybody take my gun if they wanted toshoot my poor old guv'nor?
that beats me.
it's a licker--eh, what?"
"it is more important to know why any one should want to shoot yourfather."
well, i suppose hilton and i will be betteroff--no one else.
and i didn't do it.
it's silly even to say so."
"but there is only your brother left in your summary."
"by jove, yes.
that's been runnin' in my head.
it's nonsense, anyhow,because hilton was in the house.
i wouldn't believe a word he said,but sylvia, and tomlinson, and brodie, and harris all tell the sameyarn.
no; hilton couldn't have done it.
he's ripe for any mischief, ishilton, but he can't be in this hole; now, can he?"
they could extract nothing of value out of robert, and left him aftera brief visit.
in the interim, hilton fenley had kept tomlinson talking about thecrime.
the dining-room door was ajar, and he knew when the detectiveshad gone to robert's room.
then he glanced around the table, andaffected to remember the decanter of port.
"by the way," he said, "i feel as if a glass of that wine would be agood notion tonight.
i don't suppose the scotland yard men havefinished the lot.
just send for it, will you?"
harris brought the decanter, and tomlinson was gratified by seeingthat his favorite beverage had been duly appraised.
"sorry if i've detained you," said fenley, and the butler went out.
rising, fenley strolled to the door and closed it.
instantly he becameenergetic, and his actions bore a curious similitude to those ofwinter a little while earlier.
pouring the wine into a tumbler, herinsed the decanter with water, and partly refilled it with thecontents of another tumbler previously secreted in the sideboard,stopping rather short of the amount of wine returned from the butler'sroom.
he drank the remainder, washed the glass, and put a few drops ofwhisky into it.
carrying the other tumbler to an open window, he threw the medicatedwine into a drain under a water spout, and making assurance doublysure, douched the same locality with water; also, he rinsed thissecond glass.
he seemed to be rather pleased at his own thoroughness.
as furneaux had said, hilton fenley was cold-blooded as a fish.
human affairs are peculiarly dependent on the weather.
it is not easyto lay down a law governing this postulate, which, indeed, may bescoffed at by the superficial reasoner, and the progression from causeto effect is often obscured by contradictory facts.
for instance, afine summer means a good harvest, much traveling, the prolongation ofholiday periods, a free circulation of money, and the consequentenhanced prosperity and happiness of millions of men and women.
butthere are more suicides in june and july than in december and january.
on the one hand, fine weather improves humanity's lot; on the other,it depresses the individual.
let the logician explain these curiously divergent issues as he may;there can be no question that the quality of the night which closed aday eventful beyond any other in the annals of roxton exercised aremarkable influence on the lives of five people.
it was a perfectnight in june.
there was no moon; the stars shone dimly through aslight haze; but the sun had set late and would rise early, and hiscomplete disappearance followed so small a chord of the diurnalcircle that his light was never wholly absent.
a gentle westerlybreeze was so zephyr-like that it hardly stirred the leaves of thetrees, but it wafted the scent of flowers and meadow land into openwindows, and was grateful alike to the just and the unjust.
thus to romantic minds it was redolent of romance; and as sylviamanning's room faced south and john trenholme's faced north, and laynearly opposite each other, though separated by a rolling mile ofpark, woodland, tillage and pasture, it is not altogether incrediblethat those two, gazing out at the same hour, should bridge the voidwith the eyes of the soul.
it was a night, too, that invited to the open.
in some favored lands, where the almanac is an infallible clerk of theweather, fine nights succeed each other with the monotonous regularityof kings in an amurath dynasty.
but the british climate, a slave to nosuch ordered sequence, scatters or withholds these magic hours almostimpartially throughout the seasons, so that june may demand overcoatsand umbrellas, and october invite summer raiment.
hence this superb summer's night found certain folk in roxtondisinclined to forego its enchantments.
trenholme, trying to persuadehimself that his brooding gaze rested on the elizabethan roofs andgables rising above the trees because of some rarely spiritual qualityin the atmosphere, suddenly awoke to the fact that the hour waseleven.
some men issued from the bar parlor and "snug" beneath, and there weresounds of bolts being shot home and keys turned in recognition of thecurfew imposed by the licensing laws.
then the artistic temperamentarose in revolt.
chafing already against the narrow confines of thebest room the white horse inn could provide, it burst all bounds whena tired potman attempted unconsciously to lock it in.
grabbing a pipe and tobacco pouch, trenholme ran downstairs, meetingthe potman in the passage.
"get me a key, bill," he said.
"i simply can't endure the notion ofbed just yet, so i'm off for a stroll.
i don't want to keep any onewaiting up, and i suppose i can have a key of sorts."
now it happened that the proprietor of the inn was absent at a racemeeting, and eliza was in charge.
trenholme's request was passed on toher, and a key was forthcoming.
hatless, pipe in mouth, and hands in pockets, trenholme sauntered intothe village street.
romance was either a dull jade or growing old andsedate in roxton.
nearly every house was in darkness, and more thanone dog barked because of a passing footstep.
about half past eleven, sylvia manning, sitting in melancholy near herwindow after an hour of musing, heard a light tap on the door.
"come in," she said, recognizing the reason of this late intrusion.
anelderly woman entered.
she was an attendant charged with special careof mrs. fenley.
a trained nurse would have refused to adopt thelenient treatment of the patient enjoined by the late head of thefamily, so this woman was engaged because she was honest, faithful,rather stupid and obeyed orders.
"she has quieted down now, miss, and is fast asleep," she said in alow tone.
"you may feel sure she won't wake before six or seven.
the "she" of this message was mrs. fenley.
rural england does notencourage unnecessary courtesy nor harbor such foreign intruders as"madam."
the reiterated pronoun grated on sylvia; she was disinclinedfor further talk.
"thank you, parker," she said.
"i am glad to know that.
but parker had something to say, and this was a favorable opportunity.
"she's been awful bad today, miss.
it can't go on."
"that is hardly surprising, taking into account the shock mrs. fenleyreceived this morning."
"that's what i have in me mind, miss.
you need not close the door.
never mind the light.
it ishardly dark when the eyes become used to the gloom."
parker drew nearer.
obeying the instincts of her class, she assumed aconfidential tone.
"well, miss, you know why you went out?"
"yes," said sylvia rather curtly.
she had left the invalid when theuse of a hypodermic syringe became essential if an imminent outburstof hysteria was to be prevented.
the girl had no power to interfere,and was too young and inexperienced to make an effective protest; butshe was convinced that to encourage a vice was not the best method oftreating it.
more than once she had spoken of the matter to mortimerfenley; but he merely said that he had tried every known means to curehis wife, short of immuring her in an asylum, and had failed.
"she ishappy in a sort of a way," he would add, with a certain softening ofvoice and manner.
"let her continue so."
thus a minor tragedy wasdrifting to its close when fenley himself was so rudely robbed oflife.
"as a rule, miss," went on the attendant, "she soon settles after adose, but this time she seemed to pass into a sort of a trance.
gen'rally her words are broken-like an' wild, an' i pays no heed to'em; but tonight she talked wonderful clear, all about india at first,an' of a band playin', with sogers marchin' past.
then she spoke aboutsome people called coolies.
there was a lot about them, in lines an'tea gardens.
an' she seemed to be speakin' to another mrs.
the woman's voice sank to an awe-stricken whisper, and sylvia shiveredsomewhat in sympathy.
it was common knowledgein the household that fenley had married a second time, but the beliefwas settled that the first wife was dead; parker, by an unrehearseddramatic touch, conveyed the notion that the unhappy creature in aneighboring room had been conversing with a ghost.
somewhat shaken and perturbed, sylvia wished more than ever to bealone, so she brought her informant back to the matter in hand.
"i don't see that mrs. fenley's rambling utterances give rise to anyfear of immediate collapse," she said, striving to speak composedly.
that isn't it at all.
i was just tellin' you what happened.
there was a lot more.
she might ha' been givin' the story of her life.
but--please forgive me, miss, for what i'm goin' to say.
i think someone ought to know--i do, reelly--an' you're the only one i dare tellit to."
"oh, what is it?"
the cry was wrung from the girl's heart.
she had borne a good dealthat day, and feared some sinister revelation now.
"she remembered that poor mr. fenley was dead, but didn't appear sogreatly upset.
she was more puzzled-like--kep' on mutterin': 'who didit?
who could have the cool darin' to shoot him dead in broaddaylight, at his own door, before his servants?'
she was sort offorcin' herself to think, to find out, just as if it was a riddle, an'the right answer was on the tip of her tongue.
an' then, all at once,she gev a queer little laugh.
'why, of course, it was hilton,' shesaid."
sylvia, relieved and vastly indignant, rose impetuously.
"why do you trouble to bring such nonsense to my ears?"
but parker was stolid and dogged.
"i had to tell some one," she vowed, determined to put herselfstraight with one of her own sex.
"i know her ways.
if that's in hermind she'll be shoutin' it out to every maid who comes near hertomorrow; an' i reelly thought, miss, it was wise to tell you tonight,because such a thing would soon cause a scandal, an' it should bestopped."
"perhaps you are right, and i ought to be obliged to you for being soconsiderate.
but no one would pay heed to my aunt's ravings.
everyperson in the house knows that the statement is absurd.
mr. hilton wasin his room.
i myself saw him go upstairs after exchanging a few wordswith his father in the hall, and he came down again instantly whenharris ran to fetch him."
"i understand that, miss, an' i'm not so silly as to think there isany sense in her blamin' mr. hilton.
but it made my flesh creep tohear all the rest so clear an' straightforward, an' then that sheshould say: 'hilton did it, the black beast.
he always hated bob an'me, because we were white, an' the jungle strain has come out atlast.'
oh, it was somethink dreadful to hear her laughin' at hercleverness.
i----""please, please, don't repeat any more of these horrible things,"cried the girl, for the strain was becoming unbearable.
"i agree with you, miss.
they aren't fit to be spoke of; an' i say,with all due respec', that they shouldn't be allowed to leak out.
youknow what young maid servants are like.
they're bound to chatter.
myidee is that another nurse should be engaged tomorrow, a woman oldenough to hold her tongue an' mind her own business; then the two ofus can take turns at duty, so as to keep them housemaids out of theway altogether."
"yes, i'm sure you are right.
i'll speak to mr. hilton in the morning.
thank you, parker.
i see now that you meant well, and i'm sorry if ispoke sharply."
"i'm not surprised, miss.
it was not a pleasant thing to have to say,nor for you to hear, but duty is duty.
good night, miss, i hopeyou'll sleep well."
parker should not have conjured up a new apparition if sylviawere to seek the solace of untroubled rest.
at present the girl feltthat she had never before been so distressfully awake.
splendidlyvital in mind and body as she was, she almost yielded now to a morbidhorror of her environment.
generations of men and women had lived anddied in that ancient house, and tonight dim shapes seemed to throngits chambers and corridors.
physically fearless, she owned to afeminine dread of the unknown.
it would be a relief to get away fromthis abode of grief and mystery.
the fantastic dreaming of the unhappycreature crooning memories of a past life and a lost husband hadunnerved her.
she resolved to seek the fresh air, and wander throughgardens and park until the fever in her mind had abated.
now a rule of the house ordained that all doors should be locked andlower windows latched at midnight.
a night watchman made certainrounds each hour, pressing a key into indicating-clocks at variouspoints to show that he had been alert.
mortimer fenley had been afraidof fire; there was so much old woodwork in the building that it wouldburn readily, and a short circuit in the electrical installation wasalways possible, though every device had been adopted to render it notonly improbable but harmless.
after midnight the door bells andothers communicated with a switchboard in the watchman's room; and aburglary alarm, which the man adjusted during his first round, rangthere continuously if disturbed.
sylvia, leaving the door of her bedroom ajar, went to the servants'quarters by a back staircase.
there she found macbain, the watchman,eating his supper.
"i don't feel as though i could sleep," she explained, "so i am goingout into the park for a while.
i'll unlatch one of the drawing-roomwindows and disconnect the alarm; and when i come in again i'll tellyou."
"very well, miss," said macbain.
"it's a fine night, and you'll takeno harm."
"i'm not afraid of rabbits, if that is what you mean," she saidlightly, for the very sound of the man's voice had dispelled vapors.
"oh, there's more than rabbits in the park tonight, miss.
twopolicemen are stationed in the quarry wood."
she said, with some surprise.
"they don't know themselves, miss.
the inspector ordered it.
i metthem coming on duty at ten o'clock.
they'll be relieved at four.
theyhave instructions to allow no one to enter the wood.
that's all theyknow."
"if i go there, then, shall i be locked up?"
"not so bad as that, miss," smiled macbain.
"but i'd keep away fromit if i was you.
'let sleeping dogs lie' is a good motto."
"but these are not sleeping dogs.
they're wide-awake policemen."
they have a soft job, i'm thinking.
of course----"the man checked himself, but sylvia guessed what was passing in hismind.
"you were going to say that the wretch who killed my uncle hid in thatwood?"
she prompted him.
"yes, miss, i was."
"he is not there now.
he must have run away while we were tooterrified to take any steps to capture him.
who in the world couldhave wished to kill mr.
"ah, miss, there's no knowing.
those you'd least suspect are often theworst."
macbain shook his head over this cryptic remark; he glanced at aclock.
it was five minutes to twelve.
"it's rather late, miss," he hinted.
sylvia agreed with him, but shewas young enough to be headstrong.
"i sha'n't remain out very long," she said.
"i ought to feel tired,but i don't; and i hope the fresh air will make me sleepy."
to reach the drawing-room, she had to cross the hall.
its parquetfloor creaked under her rapid tread.
a single lamp among a cluster inthe ceiling burned there all night, and she could not help giving onequick look at the oaken settle which stood under the cross gallery;she was glad when the drawing-room door closed behind her.
she had no difficulty with the window, but the outer shutters creakedwhen she opened them.
then she passed on to the first of the italianterraces, and stood there irresolutely a few minutes, gazingalternately at the sky and the black masses of the trees.
at first shewas a trifle nervous.
the air was so still, the park so solemn in itsutter quietude, that the sense of adventure was absent, and thefuneral silence that prevailed was almost oppressive.
half inclined to go back, woman-like she went forward.
then the sweet,clinging scent of a rose bed drew her like a magnet.
she descended aflight of steps and gained the second terrace.
she thought oftrenholme and the picture, and the impulse to stroll as far as thelake seized her irresistibly.
the grass was short, and thedew would not be heavy.
even if she wetted her feet, what did itmatter, as she would undress promptly on returning to her room?
besides, she had never seen the statue on just such a night, thoughshe had often visited it by moonlight.
la rochefoucauld is responsible for the oft quoted epigram that thewoman who hesitates is lost, and sylvia had certainly hesitated.
atany rate, after a brief debate in which the arguments were distinctlyone-sided, she resolved that she might as well have an object in viewas stroll aimlessly in any other direction; so, gathering her skirtsto keep them dry, she set off across the park.
she might have been halfway to the lake when a man emerged from thesame window of the drawing-room, ran to the terrace steps, stumbleddown them so awkwardly that he nearly fell, and swore at his ownclumsiness in so doing.
he negotiated the next flight more carefully,but quickened his pace again into a run when he reached the open.
thegirl's figure was hardly visible, but he knew she was there, and thedistance between pursued and pursuer soon lessened.
sylvia, wholly unaware of being followed, did not hurry; but she wasconstitutionally incapable of loitering, and moved over the rustlinggrass with a swiftness that brought her to the edge of the lake whilethe second inmate of the towers abroad that night was yet a couple ofhundred yards distant.
in the dim light the statue assumed a lifelike semblance that was atonce startling and wonderful.
color flies with the sun, and the whitemarble did not depend now on tint alone to differentiate it from fleshand blood.
seen thus indistinctly, it might almost be a graceful andnearly nude woman standing there, and some display of will power onthe girl's part was called for before she approached nearer andstifled the first breath of apprehension.
then, delighted by the vaguebeauty of the scene, with senses soothed by the soft plash of thecascade, she decided to walk around the lake to the spot wheretrenholme must have been hidden when he painted that astonishinglyvivid picture.
its bold treatment and simplicity of note rendered itan easy subject to carry in the mind's eye, and sylvia thought itwould be rather nice to conjure up the same effect in the prevailingconditions of semi-darkness and mystery.
she need not risk tearing herdress among the briers which clung to the hillside.
knowing every inchof the ground, she could follow the shore of the lake until nearlyopposite the statue, and then climb a few feet among the bushes at apoint where a zigzag path, seldom used and nearly obliterated byundergrowth, led to the clump of cedars.
she was still speeding along the farther bank when a man's form loomedin sight in the park, and her heart throbbed tumultuously with a newand real terror.
who could it be?
had some one seen her leaving thehouse?
that was the explanation she hoped for at first, but her breathcame in sharp gusts and her breast heaved when she remembered how onedeadly intruder at least had broken into that quiet haven during theearly hours of the past day.
whoever the oncomer might prove to be, he was losing no time, and hewas yet some twenty yards or more away from the statue--itselfseparated from sylvia by about the same width of water--when sherecognized, with a sigh of relief, the somewhat cumbrous form andgrampus-like puffing of robert fenley.
evidently he was rather blear-eyed, since he seemed to mistake thewhite marble aphrodite for a girl in a black dress; or perhaps heassumed that sylvia was there, and thought he would see her at anymoment.
"i say, sylvia!"
"i say, old girl, what the deuce are youdoin'--in the park--at this time o' night?"
the words were clear enough, but there was a suspicious thickness inthe voice.
robert had been drinking, and sylvia had learned already toabhor and shun a man under the influence of intoxicants more thananything else in the wide world.
she did not fear her "cousin."
foryears she had tolerated him, and that day she had come to dislike himactively, but she had not the least intention of entering into anexplanation of her actions with him at that hour and under existingcircumstances.
she had recovered from her sudden fright, and wasmerely annoyed now, and bent her wits to the combined problems ofescape and regaining the house unseen.
remembering that her white face and hands might reveal her whereaboutsshe turned, bent and crept up the slope until a bush afforded welcomeconcealment.
some thorns scratched her ankles, but she gave no heed tosuch trivial mishaps.
a rabbit jumped out from under her feet, and itcost something of an effort to repress a slight scream; but--to hercredit be it said--she set her lips tightly, and was almost amused bythe game of hide and seek thus unexpectedly thrust on her.
meanwhile robert had reached the little promontory on which the statuewas poised, and no sylvia was in sight.
he cried again.
"where are you?
no use hidin', because iknow you're here!
dash it all, if you wanted a bit of a stroll whydidn't you send for me?
you knew i'd come like a shot--eh, what?"
he listened and peered, but might as well have been deaf and blind foraught he could distinguish of the girl he sought.
then he laughed; and a peculiar quality in that chuckle of mirthstruck a new note of anxiety, even of fear, in sylvia's laboringheart.
"so you won't be good!"
he guffawed thickly.
"playin' puss in thecorner, i suppose?
very well, i give you fair warnin'.
i mean to catchyou, an' when i do i'll claim forfeit.... _i_ don't mind.
fact is, ilike it.
it's rather fun chasin' one's best girl in the dark....dashed if it isn't better'n a bit out of a french farce.... puss!
i see you.... hidin' there among the bushy bushes.... gad!
how's that for a test after a big night?
i must notforget that.
try it on one of the b-boys.... now, come out of it!...
i'll get you in a tick, see if i don't!"
he was keeping to the track sylvia herself had taken, since the lie ofthe land was familiar to him as to her.
talking to himself, cacklingat his own flashes of wit, halting after each few paces to search theimmediate neighborhood and detect any guiding sound, he was now on thesame side of the lake as the girl, and coming perilously near.
at eachstep, apparently, he found the growing obscurity more tantalizing.
hestill continued calling aloud: "sylvia!
sylvia, i say!
chuck it, can'tyou?
you must give in, you know.
i'll be grabbin' you in a minute."
there were not lacking muttered ejaculations, which showed that he waslosing his temper.
once he swore so emphatically that she thought he was acknowledginghimself beaten; but some glimmering notion that she was crouchingalmost within reach, and would have the laugh of him in the morning,flogged him to fresh endeavor.
now he was within ten yards, eight,five!
in another few seconds his hand might touch her, and shequivered at the thought.
if concealment could not save her she mustseek refuge in flight, since therein lay a sure means of escape.
notdaring to delay, she tried to stand upright, but felt a pull on herdress as if a hand were detaining her.
it was only a brier,insidiously entangled in a fold of her skirt; but she was ratherexcited now, and there was little to be gained by excess of caution,for any rapid movement must betray her.
stooping, she caught thethorn-laden branch and tore it out of the soft material.
fenley heard the ripping sound instantly.
there you are, my beauty!
got you this time!"
he cried, andplunged forward.
sylvia sprang from her hiding-place like a frightened fawn andvaliantly essayed the steep embankment.
therein she erred.
she wouldhave succeeded in evading her pursuer had she leaped down to the openstrip of turf close to the water, dodging him before he realized whatwas happening.
as it was, the briers spread a hundred cruel clawsagainst her; with each upward step she encountered greater resistance;desperation only added to her panic, and she struggled frenziedly.
the man, unhampered by garments such as clogged each inch of sylvia'spath, pushed on with renewed ardor.
he no longer spoke, for hishearing alone could help him now, the girl's black-robed form beingutterly merged in the dense shadow cast by brushwood and cedars.
he,however, was silhouetted against the luminous gray of the park, andsylvia, casting a frantic glance over her shoulder, saw himdistinctly.
in her distress she fancied she could feel his hot breathon her neck; and when some unusually venomous branch clutched heracross the knees, and rendered farther movement impossible until herdress was extricated, she wailed aloud in anger and dismay.
"how dare you!"
she cried, and her voice was tremulous and broken.
"iwarn you that if you persist in following me i shall strike you!"
"will you, by jove!"
cried robert elatedly.
"i'd risk more than that,my dear!
a kiss for every blow!
only fair, you know!
on he came.
he was so near that in one active bound he would be uponher, but he advanced warily, with hands outstretched.
"oh, what shall i do!"
"go back, you brute!
i--i hate you.
there are policemen in the wood.
i'll scream for help!"
"no need, miss manning," said a calm voice which seemed to come fromthe circumambient air.
"don't cry out or be alarmed, no matter whathappens!"
a hand, not robert fenley's caught her shoulder in a reassuring grip.
a tall figure brushed by, and she heard a curious sound that had acertain smack in it--a hard smack, combined with a thudding effect, asif some one had smitten a pillow with a fist.
a fist it was assuredly,and a hard one; but it smote no pillow.
with a gurgling cough, robertfenley toppled headlong to the edge of the lake, and lay thereprobably some minutes, for the man who had hit him knew how and whereto strike.
sylvia did not scream.
she had recognized trenholme's voice, but shefelt absurdly like fainting.
perhaps she swayed slightly, and herrescuer was aware of it, for he gathered her up in his arms as hemight carry a scared child, nor did he set her on her feet when theywere clear of the trees and in the open park.
"you are quite safe now," he said soothingly.
"you are greatly upset,of course, and you need a minute or two to pull yourself together; butno one will hurt you while i am here.
when you feel able to speak,you'll tell me where to take you, and i'll be your escort."
"i can speak now, thank you," said sylvia, with a composure that wassomewhat remarkable.
"please put me down!"
he obeyed, but she imagined he gave her a silent hug before his clasprelaxed.
even then his left hand still rested on her shoulder in aprotective way.
that john trenholme should be in the right place at the rightmoment, and that the place should happen to be one where his presencewas urgently required in sylvia manning's behalf, was not such afar-fetched coincidence as it might be deemed, for instance, by ajury.
juries are composed mainly of bald-headed men, men whose shiningpates have been denuded of hair by years and experience, and thesefactors dry the heart as surely as they impoverish the scalp.
consequently, juries (in bulk, be it understood; individual jurorsmay, perhaps, retain the emotional equipment of a chatterton) areskeptical when asked to accept the vagaries of the artistictemperament in extenuation of some so-called irrational action.
in the present case counsel for the defense would plead that hisclients (sylvia would undoubtedly figure in the charge) were moved byan overwhelming impulse shared in common.
it was a glorious night, hemight urge; each had been thinking of the other; each elected tostroll forth under the stars; their sympathies were linked by thestrange circumstances which had led to the production of a noteworthypicture--what more likely than that they should visit the scene towhich that picture owed its genesis?
trenholme, it might be held, had not knowingly reached that stage ofsoul-sickness which brings the passionate cry to _valentine's_ lips:          except i be by sylvia in the night,          there is no music in the nightingale;          unless i look on sylvia in the day,          there is no day for me to look upon.
"but, gentlemen," the wily one would continue, "that indefinableexcitation of the nervous system which is summed up in the one smallword 'love' must have a beginning; and whether that beginning springsfrom spore or germ, it is admittedly capable of amazingly rapidgrowth.
the male defendant may not even have been aware of itsexistence, but subsequent events establish the diagnosis beyond cavil;and i would remind you that the melodious lines i have just quotedcould not have been written by our immortal bard, shakespeare, if twogentlemen of verona, and two veronese ladies as well, had not yieldedto influences not altogether unlike those which governed my clients onthis memorable occasion."
juries invariably treat shakespeare's opinions with profound respect.
they know they ought to be well acquainted with his "works," but theyare not, and hope to conceal their ignorance by accepting the poet'sphilosophy without reservation.
if, however, owing to the forensic skill of an advocate, romance mightbe held accountable for the wanderings of john and sylvia, what ofrobert?
he, at least, was not under its magic spell.
he, when thefateful hour struck, was merely drinking himself drowsy.
to explain_him_, witnesses would be needed, and who more credible than asuperintendent and detective inspector of the criminal investigationdepartment?
when winter had smoked, and furneaux had contributed some personalreminiscences the whole aim and object of which was the perplexingand mystification of that discreet person, tomlinson, the two retiredto their room at an early hour.
the butler pressed them hospitablyto try the house's special blend of scotch whisky, but they haddeclined resolutely.
both acknowledged to an unwonted lassitude andsleepiness--symptoms which hilton fenley might expect and inquireabout.
when they were gone, the major domo sat down to review theday's doings.
his master's death at the hands of a murderer had shocked and saddenedhim far more than his manner betrayed.
if some fantastic chain ofevents brought tomlinson to the scaffold he would still retain thedemeanor of an exemplary butler.
but beneath the externals of hisoffice he had a heart and a brain; and his heart grieved for arespected employer, and his brain told him that scotland yard was nowiser than he when it came to suspecting a likely person of havingcommitted the crime, let alone arresting the suspect and proving hisguilt.
of course, therein tomlinson was in error.
even butlers of renown havetheir limitations, and his stopped far short of the peculiar scienceof felon-hunting in which winter and furneaux were geniuses, each inhis own line.
assuredly he would have been vastly astonished could he have seentheir movements when the bedroom door closed on them.
in fact, histrained ear might have found some new quality in such a commonplacething as the closing of the door.
every lock and bolt and catch in thetowers was in perfect working order, yet the lock of this door failedto click, for the excellent reason that it was jammed by a tiny wedge.
hence, it could be opened noiselessly if need be; and lest a hingemight squeak each hinge was forthwith drenched with vaseline.
further,a tiny circlet of india rubber, equipped with a small spike, wasplaced between door and jamb.
then, murmuring in undertones when they spoke, the detectives unpackedtheir portmanteaux.
winter produced no article out of the ordinaryrun, but furneaux unrolled a knotted contrivance which proved to be arope ladder.
"one or both of us may have to go out by the window," he said.
"at anyrate, we have wellington's authority for the military axiom that agood leader always provides a line of retreat."
"i wonder what became of the rest of that wine?"
said winter, rollingthe beer bottle in a shirt and stowing it away.
"i didn't dare ask.
tomlinson can put two and two together rathercleverly.
he _almost_ interfered when harris brought the decanter, soi dropped the wine question like a hot potato."
"it had gone, though, when we came back from robert's room.
hiltonsent for it.
bet you another new hat he emptied----""you'll get no more new hats out of me," growled furneaux savagely,giving an extra pressure to a pair of sharp hooks which gripped thewindow sill, and from which the rope ladder could be dropped to theground instantly.
where did you retrieve that dirty towel?"
for the little manhad taken from a pocket an object which merited the description, andwas placing it in his bag.
"it's one of hilton's.
he used it to wipe bark moss off his clothes.
queer thing that such rascals always omit some trivial precaution.
heshould have burned the towel with the moccasins; but he don't.
thistowel will help to strangle him."
"you're becoming a bloodthirsty detective," mused winter aloud.
"i'veseldom seen you so vindictive.
why is it?"
"i dislike snakes, and this fellow is a poisonous specimen.
if therewere no snakes in the world, we should all be so happy!"
"blessed if i see that."
"i have always suspected that your religious education had beenneglected.
read the bible and milton.
then you'll understand; andincidentally speak and write better english."
"can you suggest any means whereby i can grasp your jokes withoutbeing bored to weariness?
they're more soporific than bromide.
anyhow,it's time we undressed."
though the blind was drawn the window was open; there was no knowingwho might be watching from the garden, so they went through all themotions of undressing and placed their boots outside the door.
then the light was switched off, the blind raised, and they dressedagain rapidly, donning other boots.
each pocketed an automatic pistoland an electric torch and, by preconcerted plan, winter sat by thewindow and furneaux by the door.
it was then a quarter to eleven, andthey hardly looked for any developments until a much later hour, butthey neglected no precaution.
unquestionably it would be difficult forany one to move about in that part of the house, or cross the gardenswithout attracting their attention.
their room was situated on the south front, two doors from sylvia's,and two from hilton fenley's bedroom.
the door lay in shadow beyondthe range of the light burning in the hall.
sylvia's room was fartheralong the corridor.
the door of hilton's bedroom occupied the sameplane; the door of his sitting-room faced the end of the corridor.
the walls were massive, as in all tudor houses, and the doors sodeeply recessed that there was space for a small mat in front of each.
ordinarily boots placed there were not visible in the line of thecorridor, but the detectives' footgear stood well in view.
there weretwo reasons for this.
in the first place, hilton fenley might like tosee them, so his highly probable if modest desire was gratified;secondly, when parker visited sylvia and quitted her, and when sylviawent downstairs, furneaux's head, lying between two pairs of boots,could scarcely be distinguished, while his scope of vision was onlyslightly, if at all, diminished.
soon the girl's footsteps could be heard crossing the hall, and theraising of the drawing-room window and opening of the shutters wereclearly audible.
winter, whose office had been a sinecure hitherto,now came into the scheme.
he saw sylvia's slight form standing beneath, marked her hesitancy,and watched her slow progress down the terraces and into the park.
this nocturnal enterprise on her part was rather perplexing, and hewas in two minds whether or not to cross the room and consult withfurneaux, when the latter suddenly withdrew his head, closed the door,and hissed "snore!"
winter crept to a bed, and put up an artistic performance, a duet,musical, regular, not too loud.
in a little while his colleague's"s-s-t!"
stopped him, and a slight crack of a finger against a thumbcalled him to the door, which was open again.
explanation was needless.
hilton fenley, like the other watchers,hearing the creaking of window and shutters, had looked out from hisown darkened room.
in all likelihood, thanking his stars for the happychance given thus unexpectedly, he noted the direction the girl wastaking, and acted as if prepared for this very development; the truthbeing, of course, that he was merely adapting his own plans toimmediate and more favorable conditions.
coming out into the corridor, he consulted his watch.
then he glancedin the direction of the room which held the two men he had cause tofear--such ample cause as he little dreamed of at that moment.
to makeassurance doubly sure, he walked that way, not secretly, but boldly,since it was part of his project now to court observation--by others,at any rate, if not by the drugged emissaries of scotland yard.
hewaited outside the closed door and heard what he expected to hear,the snoring of two men sound asleep.
returning, he did not reënter his own room, but crossed the head ofthe staircase to robert's.
he knocked lightly, and his brother's"hello, there!
reached furneaux's ears.
not a word of theremainder of the colloquy that ensued was lost on either of thedetectives.
"sorry to disturb you, bob," said hilton, speaking from the doorway,"but i thought you might not be in bed, and i've come to tell you thatsylvia has just gone out by way of the drawing-room and is wanderingabout the park."
on her lonesome?"
was robert's astounded cry.
it isn't right.
i can't understand her behavior.
i would havefollowed her myself; but in view of your statement at dinner tonight,i fancied it would save some annoyance if i entrusted that duty toyou."
"look here, hilton, old chap, are you really in earnest?"
i actually saw her.
at this moment she is headingfor the lake.
if you hurry you'll see her yourself."
"i say, it's awfully decent of you ... i take back a lot of what isaid tonight.... of course, as matters stand, this is _my_ job....tell macbain not to lock us out."
"i'll attend to that, if necessary.
but don't mention me to sylvia.
she might resent the notion of being spied on.
say that you, too, werestrolling about.
you see, i heard the window being opened, and lookedout, naturally.
anyhow, drop me, and run this affair on your own."
robert was slightly obfuscated--the fresh air quickly made himworse--but he was sensible of having grossly misjudged hilton.
"right-o," he said, hurrying downstairs.
"we'll have a talk in themornin'.
it's twelve o'clock.
that silly kid!
what's sheafter, i'd like to know?"
robert gone, hilton returned to his own room and rang a bell.
macbaincame, and was asked if he was aware that miss sylvia had quitted thehouse.
macbain gave his version of the story, and fenley remarked thathe might leave the window unfastened until he made his rounds at oneo'clock.
seemingly as an afterthought, hilton mentioned his brother's opendoor, and macbain discovered that mr. robert was missing also.
by that time the detectives, without exchanging a word, had eacharrived at the same opinion as to the trend of events.
hilton fenleywas remodeling his projects to suit an unforeseen development.
nomatter what motive inspired sylvia manning's midnight ramble, therecould be no disputing the influence which dominated robert fenley.
hewas his brother's catspaw.
when his rifle was found next day macbain'stestimony would be a tremendous addition to the weight of evidenceagainst him, since any unprejudiced judgment must decide that thepursuit of his "cousin" was a mere pretense to enable him to go outand search for the weapon he had foolishly left in the wood.
hilton might or might not admit that he told robert of the girl'sescapade.
if he did admit it, he might be trusted to give the incidentthe requisite kink to turn the scale against robert.
surveying thefacts with cold impartiality afterwards, scotland yard decided thatwhile hilton could not hope that robert would be convicted of themurder, the latter would assuredly be suspected of it, perhapsarrested and tried; and in any event his marriage with sylvia manningwould become a sheer impossibility.
moreover, once the rifle was found by the police, the only reasonableprospect of connecting hilton himself with the crime would havevanished into thin air.
if that weapon were picked up in the quarrywood, or for that matter in any other part of the estate, the houndsof the law were beaten.
winter's level-headed shrewdness andfurneaux's almost uncanny intuition might have saddled hilton withblood guiltiness, but a wide chasm must be bridged before they couldprovide the requisite proof of their theory.
in fact, thus far they dared not even hint at bringing a chargeagainst him.
to succeed, they had to show that the incredible wascredible, that a murderer could be in a room within a few feet of hisvictim and in a wood distant fully four hundred yards.
it was abaffling problem, not wholly incapable of solution by circumstantialevidence, but best left to be elucidated by hilton fenley himself.
they believed now that he was about to oblige them by supplying thatcorroborative detail which, in the words of poohbah, "lends artisticverisimilitude to an otherwise bald and unconvincing narrative."
winter drew furneaux into the room, and breathed the words into hisear:"you go.
you stand less chance of being seen.
i'll search his room."
"if there is a misfire, show a signal after five minutes."
furneaux, standing back from the window, but in such a position that alight would be visible to any one perched on the rock in the wood,pressed the button of an electric torch three times rapidly.
then helowered the rope ladder and clambered down with the nimbleness of asailor.
in all probability, hilton fenley was still talking to macbainand creating the illusion that the last thing he would think of was astroll out of doors at that late hour.
but the little man took nochances.
having surveyed the ground carefully during the day, he wasnot bothered now by doubts as to the most practicable path.
creeping close to the house till he reached the yew hedge, and thenpassing through an arch, he remained in the shadow of the hedge tillit turned at a right angle in front of the italian garden.
from thatpoint to the edge of the quarry wood was not a stone's throw, andclumps of rhododendrons and other flowering shrubs gave shelter inplenty.
arrived at the mouth of the footpath, which he had marked bycounting the trees in the avenue, he halted and listened intently.
there was no sound of rustling grass or crunched gravel.
hilton wastaking matters leisurely.
fifteen minutes would give him ample timefor the business he had in hand.
even if robert and sylvia reachedhome before him, which was unlikely--far more unlikely even than heimagined--he could say that he thought it advisable to follow hisbrother and help in the search for the girl.
the same excuse wouldserve if he met any of those pestilential police prowling about thegrounds.
indeed, he could dispatch the alert and intelligent ones onthe trail of the wanderers, especially on robert's.
in a word, matterswere going well for hilton, so well that furneaux laughed as he turnedinto the wood.
here the detective had to advance with care.
beneath the trees thedarkness was now so complete that it had that peculiar quality ofdensity which everyday speech likens to a wall.
cats, gamekeepers,poachers, and other creatures of predatory and nocturnal habits canfind and follow a definite track under such conditions; but detectivesare nearly human, and furneaux was compelled to use the torch morethan once.
he ran no risk in doing this.
hilton fenley could not yetbe in a position to catch the gleam of light among the trees.
the onething to avoid was delay, and furneaux had gained rather than losttime, unless fenley was running at top speed.
after crossing the damp hollow the jerseyman had no furtherdifficulty; he breasted the hill and kept a hand extended so as toavoid colliding with a tree trunk.
expecting at any instant to have abull's-eye lantern flashed in his eyes, which he did not want tohappen, he said softly:"hi!
don't show a light!
how near are you?"
"oh, it's you, sir!"
said a voice.
"we thought it would be.
we saw thesignal, and you said you might be the first to arrive."
"any second signal?"
furneaux recognized the pungent scent of the colza oil used inpolicemen's lamps.
"by gad," he said, "if the average criminal had the nose of theveriest cur dog he'd smell that oil a mile away.
now, where areyou?
he had butted into a constable's solid bulk.
"take meto the rock--quick.
we must hide behind it, on the lower side.... isthis the place?
squat down, both of you, and make yourselvescomfortable, so that you won't feel your position irksome, and moveperhaps at the wrong moment.
when you feel me crawling away, follow tothe upper foot of the rock--no farther.
"stand upright then, and try to keep your joints from cracking.
theremust be no creaking of belts or boots.
absolute silence is the order.
not a word spoken.
no matter what you hear, don't move again until yousee the light of my electric torch.
then run to me, turning on yourown lamps, and help in arresting any one i may be holding.
use yourhandcuffs if necessary, and don't hesitate to grab hard if there is astruggle.
remember, you are to arrest _any one_, no matter who it maybe.
"yes, sir," came two eager voices.
"don't be excited.
it will be an easy thing.
if we make a mistake, ibear the responsibility.
now, keep still as mice when they hear acat."
one of the men giggled.
both constables had met furneaux in the localpolice station that afternoon, as he had asked the inspector to paradethe pair who would be on duty during the night.
it was then that hehad arranged a simple code of flash signals, and warned them to lookout for winter or himself during the night.
any other person whoturned up was not to be challenged until he reached the higher groundbeyond the rock, but that instruction was to be acted on only in theunavoidable absence of one of the scotland yard officers.
privately,the constables hoped furneaux would be their leader.
they deemed him"a funny little josser," and marveled greatly at his manner andappearance.
still, they had heard of his reputation; the inspector, inan expansive moment, had observed that "monkey face was sharper thanhe looked."
thinking example better than precept, furneaux did not reprove thegiggler.
lying there, screened even in broad daylight by the bulk ofthe rock and some hazels growing vigorously in that restricted areaowing to the absence of foliage overhead, he listened to the voices ofthe night, never dumb in a large wood.
birds fluttered uneasily on theupper branches of the trees--indeed, furneaux was lucky in that theoccasional gleam of the torch had not sent a pheasant hurtling offwith frantic clamor ere ever the rendezvous was reached--and somewinged creature, probably an owl, swept over the rock in stealthyflight.
the rabbits were all out in the open, nibbling grass and cropsat leisure, but there were other tiny forms rustling among the shrubsand scampering across the soft carpet of fallen leaves.
twitterings, and subdued squeaks, and sudden rushes of pattering feet,the murmuring of myriad fronds in the placid breeze, the whisperingof the neighboring elms, even the steady chant of the distantcascade--all swelled into a soft and continuous chorus, hardly heardby the country policemen, accustomed as they were to the sounds of awoodland at night, but of surprising volume and variety to the manwhose forests lay in the paved wilderness of london.
suddenly a twig cracked sharply and a match was struck.
it was of thesafety type and made little noise, but it was too much for the nervesof a bird, which flew away noisily.
furneaux pursed his lips andwanted to whistle.
he realized now what an escape he had earlier.
butthe intruder seemed to care less about attracting attention thanmaking rapid progress.
he came on swiftly, striking other matches whenrequired, until he stood on the bare ground near the rock.
not daringto lift a head, none of the three watchers could see the newcomer, andin that respect their hiding-place was almost too well chosen.
whoeverit was, he needed no more matches to guide his footsteps.
they heardhim advancing a few paces; then he halted again.
after a markedinterval, punctuated by a soft, whirring noise hard to interpret,there were irregular scrapings and the creaking of a branch.
keeping a hand on the rock until he was clear of theshrubs, he crept forward on thievish feet.
his assistants, moving moreclumsily to their allotted station, were audible enough to him, but toa man unconscious of their presence, and actively climbing a tree,they were remote and still as uranus and saturn.
the scraping of feet and heavy breathing, to say nothing of the promptflight of several birds, led the detective unerringly to the trunk ofa lofty chestnut which he had already fixed on as the cover whence theshot that killed mortimer fenley was fired.
he was convinced also thatthe rifle was yet hidden there, and his thin lips parted in a smilenow that his theory was about to be justified.
he could follow the panting efforts of the climber quite easily.
heknew when the weapon was unlashed from the limb to which it was bound,and when the descent was begun.
he could measure almost the exactdistance of his prey from the ground, and was awaiting the final dropbefore flashing the torch on his prisoner, when something rapped himsmartly on the forehead.
it was a rope, doubled and twisted, andsubsequent investigation showed that it must have been thrown in acoil over the lowermost branch in order to facilitate the onlydifficult part of the climb offered by ten feet of straight bole.
that trivial incident changed the whole course of events.
taken bysurprise, since he did not know what had struck him, furneaux pressedthe governor of the torch a second too soon, and his eyes, raisedinstantaneously, met those of hilton fenley, who was on the point ofletting go the branch and swinging himself down.
during a thrilling moment they gazed at each other, the detective cooland seemingly unconcerned, the self-avowed murderer livid with mortalfear.
then furneaux caught the rope and held it.
"i thought you'd go climbing tonight, fenley," he said.
"let me assistyou.
tricky things, ropes.
you're at the wrong end of this one."
even homer nods, but furneaux had erred three times in as manyseconds.
he had switched on the light prematurely, and his readybanter had warned the parricide that a well-built scheme was crumblingto irretrievable ruin.
moreover, he had underrated the nervous forcesof the man thus trapped and outwitted.
fenley knew that when his feettouched the earth he would begin a ghastly pilgrimage to the scaffold.
two yellow orbs of light were already springing up the slight inclinefrom the rock, betokening the presence of captors in overwhelmingnumber.
what was to be done?
nothing, in reason, yet furneaux hadlikened him to a snake, and he displayed now the primal instinct ofthe snake to fight when cornered.
thrusting the heavy gun he wascarrying straight downward, he delivered a vicious and unerring blow.
the stock caught the detective on the crown of the head, and he fellto his knees, dropping the torch, which of course went out as soon asthe thumb relaxed its pressure.
fenley himself dropped almost simultaneously with the rifle, landingwith both feet on furneaux's back, and thus completing the littleman's discomfiture.
by that time the two policemen were nearly uponhim, but he was lithe and fierce as a cobra, and had seized the rifleagain before they could close with him.
jabbing the nearer adversarywith the muzzle, he smashed a lamp and sent its owner sprawlingbackward.
then, swinging the weapon, he aimed a murderous blow at thesecond constable.
the man contrived to avoid it to a certain extent, but it glanced offhis left arm and caught the side of his head; and he, too, measuredhis length.
all three, detective and police, were on their feetpromptly, for none was seriously injured; but furneaux was dazed andhad to grope for the torch, and the second constable's lamp had goneout owing to a rush of oil from the cistern.
thus, during someprecious seconds, they were in total darkness.
meanwhile fenley had escaped.
luck, after deserting him, had come tohis rescue in the nick of time.
he had blundered into the path, andmanaged to keep to it, and the somewhat strong language in whichfurneaux expressed his feelings anent the hertfordshire constabulary,and the no less lurid comments of two angry members of the force,helped to conceal the sounds which would otherwise have indicated thedirection taken by the fugitive.
at last, having found the torch, furneaux collected his scatteredwits.
"now don't be scared and run away, you two," he said sarcastically,producing an automatic pistol.
"i'm only going to tell mr. winter thatwe've bungled the job."
he fired twice in the air, and two vivid spurts of flame rose highamong the branches of the chestnut; but the loud reports of theshooting were as nothing compared with the din that followed.
everyrook within a mile flew from its eyrie and cawed strenuously.
pheasants clucked and clattered in all directions, owls hooted, anddogs barked in the kennels, in the stable yard, and in nearly everyhouse of the two neighboring villages.
"i don't see what good that'll do, sir," was the rueful comment of thepoliceman who had, in his own phrase, "collected a thick ear," and wasnow feeling the spot tenderly.
"he hasn't shinned up the tree again;that's a positive certainty."
"i should have thought that a really clever fellow like you wouldguess that i wanted to raise a row," said furneaux.
"have you breathenough left to blow your whistles?"
"but, sir, your orders were----""blow, and be damned to you.
don't i know the fault is mine!
blow, andcrack your cheeks!
blow wild peals, my roberts, else we are coppedcoppers!"
the mild radiance of the torch showed that the detective's face waswhite with fury and his eyes gleaming red.
to think that a danglingrope's end should have spoiled his finest capture, undone a flawlesspiece of imaginative reasoning which his own full record had neverbefore equaled!
it was humiliating, maddening.
no wonder the policementhought him crazy!
but they whistled with a will.
winter heard them, and was stirred tostrange activities.
robert fenley, recovering from an ague andsickness, heard and marveled at the pandemonium which had broken loosein the park.
the household at the towers was aroused, heads werecraned out of windows, women screamed, and men dressed hastily.
keepers, estate hands, and stablemen tumbled into their garments andhurried out, armed with guns and cudgels.
an unhappy woman, tossing inthe fitful dreams of drug-induced sleep, was awakened by the pistolshots and terrified by the noise of slamming doors and hurrying feet.
she struggled out of bed and screamed for an attendant, but none came.
she pressed an electric bell, which rang continuously in the nightwatchman's room; but he had run to the front of the house and wasunlocking the front door, where a squad of willing men soon awaitedwinter's instructions.
for the superintendent, after rushing to thetelephone, had shouted an order to macbain before he made off in thedirection of the quarry wood.
the one tocsin which exercises a dread significance in a peaceful andlaw-abiding english community at the present day struck a new andawful note in hilton fenley's brain.
fool that he was, why had hefought?
why was he flying?
had he brazened it out, the police wouldnot have dared arrest him.
his brain was as acute as the best oftheirs.
he could have evolved a theory of the crime as subtle as anydetective's, and who so keen-witted as a son eager to avenge afather's murder?
but he had thrown away a gambler's chance by a momentof frenzied struggle.
he was doomed now.
no plausible explanationwould serve his need.
he was hunted.
the pack was after him.
the foxhad broken cover, and the hounds were in full cry.
whither should he go?
he knew not.
still clutching the empty gun--forwhich he had not even one cartridge in his pockets--he made hopelesslyfor the open park.
already some glimmer of light showed that he waswinning free of these accursed trees, which had stretched forth athousand hands to tear his flesh and trip his uncertain feet.
thatway, at least, lay the world.
in the wood he might have circledblindly until captured.
now a drawback of such roaring maelstroms of alarm and uncertainty istheir knack of submerging earlier and less dramatic passages in thelives of those whom fate drags into their sweeping currents.
lest,therefore, the strangely contrived meeting between sylvia and herknight errant should be neglected by the chronicler, it is well toreturn to those two young people at the moment when sylvia wasdeclaring her unimpaired power of standing without support.
trenholme was disposed to take everything for the best in a magicworld.
"whatever is, is right" is a doctrine which appeals to theartistic temperament, inasmuch as it blends fatalism and the action ofprovidence in proportions so admirably adjusted that no philosopheryet born has succeeded in reducing them to a formula.
but eve did notbite the apple in that spirit.
it was forbidden: she wanted to knowwhy.
sylvia's first thought was to discover a reasonable reason fortrenholme's presence.
of course, there was one that jumped to the eye,but it was too absurd to suppose that he had come to the tryst inobedience to the foolish vagaries which accounted for her ownactions.
she blushed to the nape of her neck at the conceit, whichcalled for instant and severe repression, and her voice reflected thepassing mood.
"i don't wish to underrate the great service you have rendered me,"she said coldly, "and i shall always be your debtor for it; but i cannot help asking how you came to be standing under the cedars at thishour of the night?"
"i wonder," he said.
she wriggled her shoulder slightly, as a polite intimation that hishand need not rest there any longer, but he seemed to misinterpret themovement, and drew her an inch or so nearer, whereupon the wrigglingceased.
"but that is no answer at all," she murmured, aware of a species offear of this big, masterful man: a fear rather fascinating in itstremors, like a novice's cringing to the vibration of electricity in amildly pleasant form; a fear as opposed to her loathing of robertfenley as the song of a thrush to the purr of a tiger.
"i can tell you, in a disconnected sort of way," he said, evidentlytrying to focus his thoughts on a problem set by the gods, and which,in consequence, was incapable of logical solution by a mere mortal.
"it was a fine night.
i felt restless.
the four walls of a room wereprison-like.
i strolled out.
i was thinking of you.
i am here."
she trembled a little.
blushing even more deeply than before, shefancied he must be able to feel her skin hot through silk and linen.
for all that, she contrived to laugh.
"it sounds convincing, but there is something missing in theargument," she said.
"most likely," he admitted.
"a woman analyzes emotion far moreintimately than a man.
perhaps, if you were to tell me why _you_ weredrawn to cross the park at midnight, you might supply a clue to my ownmoon madness."
"but there isn't any moon, and i think i ought to be returning to thehouse."
he knew quite well that she had evaded his question, and, so readilydoes the heart respond to the whisperings of hope, he was aware of asudden tumult in that which doctors call the cardiac region.
she, too,had come forth to tell her longings to the stars!
that thrice blessedpicture had drawn them together by a force as unseen and irresistibleas the law of gravitation!
then he became aware of a dreadful qualm.
had he any right to place on her slim shoulders the weight of anavowal from which he had flinched?
he dropped that protecting hand asif it had been struck sharply.
"i have annoyed you by my stupid word-fencing," he said contritely.
"no, indeed," she said, and, reveling in a new sense of power, hertone grew very gentle.
"why should we seek far-fetched theories for sosimple a thing as a stroll out of doors on a night like this?
i am notsurprised that you, at any rate, should wish to visit the place wherethat delightful picture sprang into being.
it was my exceeding goodfortune that you happened to be close at hand when i needed help.
imust explain that----""my explanation comes first," he broke in.
"i saw you crossing thepark.
a second time in the course of one day i had to decide whetherto remain hidden or make a bolt for it.
again i determined to standfast; for had you seen and heard a man vanishing among the trees youwould certainly have been alarmed, not only because of the hour butowing to today's extraordinary events.
moreover, i felt sure you werecoming to the lake, and i did not wish to stop you.
that was a bit ofpure selfishness on my part.
i wanted you to come.
if ever a man wasvouchsafed the realization of an unspoken prayer, i am that mantonight."
trenholme had never before made love to any woman, but lack ofexperience did not seem to trouble him greatly.
sylvia, however,though very much alive to that element in his words, bethought herselfof something else which they implied.
"then you heard what my cousin robert said?"
when the chance of an effectual reply offered, irecalled his disjointed remarks collectively."
"did you hit him very hard?"
"just hard enough to stop him from annoying you further tonight."
"i suppose he deserved it.
he was horrid.
but i don't wish you to meethim again just now.
he is no coward, and he might attack you."
"that would be most unfortunate," he agreed.
"so, if you don't mind, we'll take a roundabout way.
by skirting thequarry wood we can reach the avenue, near the place where we met thisevening.
do you remember?"
i shall be very old before i forget."
"but i mean the place where we met.
of course, you could hardlypretend that you had forgotten meeting me."
"as soon would the daffodil forget where last it bloomed.
"daffodils,          that come before the swallow dares, and take          the winds of march with beauty.
"not that i should quote you 'a winter's tale,' but rather search mypoor store for apter lines from 'a midsummer night's dream':          "i know a bank whereon the wild thyme blows,          where ox-lips and the nodding violet grows;          quite over-canopied with luxurious woodbine,          with sweet musk roses, and with eglantine:          there sleeps titania.
"believe me, i have an excellent memory--for some things."
they walked together in silence a little way, and dreamed, perchance,that they were wandering in oberon's realm with hermia and lysander.
then sylvia, stealing a shy glance at the tall figure by her side,acknowledged that once she filled the rôle of titania in a schoolroomversion of the play.
"we had no man," she said, "but the masks and costumes served us well.
after a day's study i could be a fairy queen once more.
"i pray thee, gentle mortal, sing again;          mine ear is much enraptured of thy note----"she stopped suddenly.
the next lines were distinctly amorous.
helaughed with ready appreciation of her difficulty, but generouslyprovided a way out.
"and must i wear an ass's head to be incharacter?"
a loud report, and then another, brought them back rudely from amake-believe wood near athens to a peril-haunted park in an englishcounty.
for the second time that night sylvia knew what fear meant.
intuitively, she shrank close to the strong man who seemed destinedto be her protector; and when an arm clasped her again, she coweredclose to its sheltering embrace.
"oh, what is it?"
she wailed in terror.
"it is hard to say," he answered quietly, and the confidence in hisvoice was the best assurance of safety he could have given.
"thoseshots were fired from some sort of rifle, not of the same caliber asthat which was used this morning, but unquestionably a rifle.
perhapsit is one of these modern pistols.
i don't wish to alarm youneedlessly, miss manning, but there is some probability that thepolice have discovered the man who killed mr. fenley, and there is astruggle going on.
at any rate, let us remain out here in the open.
weshall be as safe here as anywhere."
sylvia, who had not been afraid to venture alone into the park atmidnight, was now in a quite feminine state of fright.
she clung totrenholme without any pretense of other feeling than one of unboundedtrust.
her heart was pounding frantically, and she was trembling fromhead to foot.
the police whistles were shrilling their insistent summons for help,and trenholme knew that the commotion had arisen in the exact part ofthe quarry wood whence the murderous bullet had sped that morning.
hewas unarmed, of course, being devoid of even such a mildly aggressiveweapon as a walking-stick, but there was doubt in his mind that thebest thing to do was to stand fast.
he was not blind to thepossibility of imminent danger, for the very spot they had reached layin a likely line of retreat for any desperado whom the police mighthave discovered and be pursuing.
naturally he took it for granted thatthe criminal had fired the two shots, and the fact that the whistleswere still in full blast showed that the chase had not been abandoned.
still, the only course open was to take such chances as came theirway.
he could always shield the girl with his own body, or tell her tolie flat on the ground while he closed with an assailant ifopportunity served.
being a level-headed, plucky youngster, he was byno means desirous of indulging in deeds of derring-do.
the oneparamount consideration was the safe conduct of sylvia to the house,and he hoped sincerely that if a miscreant were trying to escape, hewould choose any route save that which led from the wood to roxtonvillage.
"don't hesitate if i bid you throw yourself down at full length," hesaid, unconsciously stroking sylvia's hair with his free hand.
"in aminute or two we'll make for the avenue.
meanwhile, let us listen.
ifany one is coming in this direction we ought to hear him, andforewarned is forearmed."
choking back a broken question, she strove submissively to check herdistressed sobbing.
were it not for the hubbub of thousands of rooksand pheasants they would assuredly have caught the sounds of hiltonfenley's panic-stricken onrush through the trees.
as it was, he sawthem first, and, even in his rabid frenzy, recognized sylvia.
it wasonly to be expected that he should mistake trenholme for his brother,and in a new spasm of fright, he recollected he was carrying therifle.
robert fenley, of course, would identify it at a glance, andcould hardly fail to be more than suspicious at sight of it.
with anoath, he threw the telltale weapon back among the undergrowth, and,summoning the last shreds of his shattered nerves to lend some degreeof self-control, walked rapidly out into the open park.
sylvia saw him and shrieked.
trenholme was about to thrust her behindhim, when some familiar attribute about the outline of the approachingfigure caused her to cry--"why, it's hilton!"
"yes, sylvia," came the breathless answer.
"you heard the firing, ofcourse?
the police have found some fellow in the wood.
you and bobmake for the avenue.
i'm going this way in case he breaks cover forthe roxton gate.
you'll find some of the men there.
never mindabout me.
i'll be all right!"
he was running while he talked, edging away toward the group ofcedars; and, under the conditions, it was not for trenholme toundeceive him as to the mistake in regarding the artist as robertfenley.
in any event, the appearance of hilton from that part of thewood seemed to prove that the man whom the law was seeking could notbe in the same locality, so trenholme did not hesitate to urge sylviato fall in with her "cousin's" instructions.
for the time, then, they may be left to progress uninterruptedlyto safety and not very prompt enlightenment; the flight of theself-confessed murderer calls for more immediate attention.
probably,after the first moment of suspense, and when he was sure that escapewas still not utterly impracticable, he intended to cross the park tothe northwest and climb the boundary wall.
but a glimpse of the blackline of trees daunted him.
he simply dared not face those pitilesssentinels again.
he pictured himself forcing a way through theundergrowth in the dense gloom and failing perhaps; for the vegetationwas wilder there than in any other portion of the estate.
so, making adétour, he headed for the unencumbered parkland once more, and gainedthe wall near jackson's farm about the time that trenholme and sylviaentered the avenue.
he was unquestionably in a parlous state.
bare-headed, unarmed, hecould not fail to attract attention in a district where every residentknew the other, nor could he resist capture when the hue and cry wentforth.
what to do he knew not.
even if he managed to reach the railwaystation unchallenged, the last train of the day had left for londonsoon after eleven, and the earliest next morning was timed for fiveo'clock, too late by many hours to serve his desperate need.
could he hire a motor car or bicycle?
the effort was fraught withevery variety of risk.
there was a small garage at easton, but thosecunning detectives would be raising the countryside already, and thetelephone would close every outlet.
for the first time in his lifehilton fenley realized that the world is too small to hold a murderer.
he was free, would soon have the choice of a network of main roads andlanes in a rural district at the dead hour of the night, yet he felthimself securely caged as some creature of the jungle trapped in apit.
crossing jackson's farmyard, not without disturbing a dog justquieting down after the preceding racket, he hurried into the villagestreet, having made up his mind to face the inevitable and arouse thegarage keeper.
by the irony of fate he passed the cottage in whichpolice constable farrow was lying asleep and utterly unaware of theprevalent excitement, to join in which he would have kept awake allthat night and the next.
then the turn of fortune's wheel befriended fenley again.
outside ahouse stood dr. stern's car, a closed-in runabout in which both thedoctor and his chauffeur were sheltered from inclement weather.
thechauffeur was lounging on the pavement, smoking a cigarette, andfenley, of course, recognized him.
his heart leaped.
let him be boldnow, and he might win through.
a handkerchief wiped some of the bloodoff his face where the skin had been broken by the trees, and heavoided the glare of the lamps.
"hello, tom," he said, "where is the doctor?"
"inside, sir," with a glance toward an upper room where a light shone.
"what's happened at the towers, sir?
was it shooting i heard a whilesince?"
a false alarm, though.
the police thought they had found somesuspicious character in the grounds."
"by jing, sir, did they fire at him?"
fenley saw that the story was weak, and hastened to correct it.
"no, no," he said.
"the police don't shoot first.
that was my brother,robert.
you know what a harebrained fellow he is.
said he fired inorder to make the man double back.
but that is a small matter.
can ihave one word with dr.
"i'll see, sir," and the chauffeur went to the house.
furneaux had estimated hilton fenley correctly in ascribing to himthe quality of cold-bloodedness.
ninety-nine men among a hundred wouldhave appropriated the motor car then and there, but fenley saw bywaiting a minute and displaying the requisite coolness he mightsucceed in throwing his pursuers off the trail for some hours.
it chanced that he was watching a good patient through acrisis, and would be detained until daybreak.
"hello, hilton," he cried.
"what's up now, and what's the racket inthe park?"
fenley explained, but hurried to the vital matter.
"my car is out of action," he said.
"i was going to the easton garageto hire one when i saw yours standing here.
lend it to me for a coupleof hours; there's a good fellow.
i'll pay well for the use of it."
take mr. fenley where he wants to go, tom.
where to first, hilton?"
i'm exceedingly obliged.
and look here, stern, i insiston paying."
"we can settle that afterwards.
off with you.
i'll walk home, tom."
away sped the car.
running through easton, fenley saw two policemenstationed at a cross-road.
they signaled the car to stop, and hisblood curdled, but, in the same instant, they saw the chauffeur'sface; the other occupant was cowering as far back in the shadow aspossible.
"oh, it's dr. stern," said one.
by the way, have you seenanything of----""go on, do!"
growled fenley, drowning the man's voice.
"i'm in a vilehurry."
that was his last real hairbreadth escape--for that night, at anyrate, though other thrills were in store.
the chauffeur was greatlysurprised when bidden to go on from st. albans to london, and take thehigh barnet road to the city; but fenley produced a five-pound note atthe right moment, and the man reflected that his master would nothesitate to oblige a wealthy client, who evidently meant to make goodthe wear and tear on the car.
in about an hour fenley alighted on the pavement opposite the firm'spremises in bishopsgate street.
if a policeman had chanced to bestanding there the fugitive would have known that the game was up, butthe only wayfarers in that part of the thoroughfare were some streetcleaners.
now that he saw a glimmer of light where hitherto all was darkness, hewas absolutely clear-brained and cool in manner.
"wait five minutes," he said.
"i sha'n't detain you longer."
he let himself in with a master key, taken from his dead father'spockets earlier by tomlinson.
going to the banker's private office,he ransacked a safe and a cabinet with hasty method.
he secured a hat,an overcoat, an umbrella and a packed suitcase, left there foremergency journeys in connection with the business, and was back inthe street again within less than the specified time.
his tongue clave to the roof of his mouth when he found a policemanchatting with the chauffeur, but the man saluted him with a civil"good morning!"
in the city of london, which is deserted as a cemetery from teno'clock at night till six in the morning, the police keep a sharp eyeon waiting cabs and automobiles between these hours, and invariablyinquire their business.
this constable was quite satisfied that all was well when he saw mr.hilton fenley, whom he knew by sight.
in any event, the flyingmurderer was safer than he dared hope in that place and at that time.
the roxton telephonic system was temporarily useless in so far as itaffected his movements; for a fire had broken out at the towers, andthe flames of the burning roof had been as a beacon for miles aroundduring the whole of the time consumed by the run to london.
winter was in the quarry wood and feeling his way but trusting tohands and feet when he heard, and soon saw, furneaux and the twoconstables coming toward him.
the little detective held the electrictorch above his head, and was striding on without looking to right orleft.
the bitterness of defeat was in his face.
life had turned togall and wormwood.
as the expressive american phrase has it, he waschewing mud.
the superintendent smiled.
he knew what torment his friend wassuffering.
he said gruffly, and the three men jumped, for theirnerves were on edge.
"oh, it's you, napoleon," yelped furneaux.
"behold soult and his armycorps, come to explain how sir john moore dodged him at corunna."
"you've lost your man, then?"
"botched the job at the moment of victory.
and all through a ropeend."
that isn't in your line."
"must i be lashed by your wit, too?
the rope was applied to me, not tofenley."
"you don't mean to say, sir," broke in one of the astounded policemen,"that you think mr. hilton killed his own father!"
"was it you who got that punch in the tummy?"
"well, save your breath.
you'll want it when the muscles stiffen.
_'cré nom d'un pipe!_ to think that i, furneaux of the yard, shouldqueer the finest pitch i ever stood on."
"oh, come now, charles," said winter.
"don't cry over spilt milk.
you'll catch fenley all right before the weather changes.
aware of the paramount necessity of suppressing his personal woes,furneaux at once gave a graphic and succinct account of fenley'simminent capture and escape.
he was scrupulously fair, and exoneratedhis assistants from any share of the blame--if indeed any one could beheld accountable for the singular accident which precipitated mattersby a few vital seconds.
had fenley reached the ground before the torch revealed thedetective's presence, the latter would have closed with him instantly,throwing the torch aside, and thus taking the prisoner at thedisadvantage which the fortune of war had brought to bear against thelaw.
furneaux was wiry though slight, and he could certainly have heldhis man until reënforcements came; nor would the constables' lampshave been extinguished during the _mêlée_.
"then he has vanished, rifle and all," said winter, when furneaux hadmade an end.
"as though the earth had swallowed him.
a thousand years ago it wouldhave done so," was the humiliated confession.
"none of you have any notion which direction he took?"
"_i_ received such a whack on the skull that i believe he disappearedin fire," said furneaux.
"my friend here," turning to the policemanwho had voiced his amazement at the suggestion that hilton fenley wasa murderer, "was in the position of bret harte's negro lecturer ongeology, while this other stalwart thought he had been kicked by ahorse.
we soon recovered, but had to grope for each other.
then icalled the heavens to witness that i was dished."
"that gave us a chance of salvage, anyhow," said winter.
"i 'phonedthe roxton inspector, and he will block the roads.
when he hascommunicated with st. albans and some other centers we should have afairly wide net spread.
bates is coming from the lodge to take chargeof a search party to scour the woods.
we want that rifle.
he must havedropped it somewhere.
he'll make for a station in the early morning.
he daren't tramp the country without a hat and in a black suit."
winter was trying to put heart into his colleague, but furneaux wasnot to be comforted.
the truth was that the blow on the head had beena very severe one.
unfortunately, he had changed his hard straw hatfor a soft cap which gave hardly any protection.
had fenley's perchbeen a few inches lower when he delivered that vindictive thrust,scotland yard would probably have lost one of its most zealousofficers.
so the jerseyman said nothing, having nothing to say that was fit forthe ears of the local constabulary, and winter suggested that theyshould return to the mansion and give bates instructions.
then he,winter, would telephone headquarters, have the main roads watched, andthe early continental trains kept under surveillance.
furneaux, torch in hand, at once led the way.
thus the party wasvisible before it entered the avenue, and two young people who hadbridged months of ordinary acquaintance in one moment of tragedy,being then on the roadway, saw the gleam of light and waited.
cackled the little detective when his glance fell on them.
"i'm glad to see there's one live man in the bunch.
i presume you'vedisposed of mr. robert fenley, mr.
"yes," said the artist.
"his affairs seem to be common property.
hisbrother evidently knew he was out of doors, and now you----"furneaux woke up at that.
how can _you_ know what his brother knew?"
"mr. hilton fenley saw miss manning and myself, and mistook mefor----""saw you?
"about five minutes ago, on the other side of the wood."
"what did he say?
"he told us that the shooting was the outcome of your efforts to catchsome man hiding among the trees."
"of my efforts?"
"he didn't mention you by name.
the words he used were 'the police.'
he was taking part in the chase, i suppose."
"which way did he go?"
not only was he not quite conversant with thelocality, but his shrewd wits had reached a certain conclusion, and hedid not wish to be too outspoken before sylvia.
surely she had bornesufficient for one day.
thereupon the girl herself broke in.
"hilton went toward the cedars.
he may be making for the easton gate.
have you caught any man?"
"not yet, miss manning," said winter, assuming control of thesituation with a firm hand.
"i advise you to go straight to yourroom, and not stir out again tonight.
there will be no moredisturbance--i promise you that."
even the chief of the c. i. d. can err when he prophesies.
at thatinstant the two lines of trees lost their impenetrable blackness.
their foliage sprang into red-tinted life as if the witches of thebrocken had chosen a new meeting-place, and a crackling, tearing soundrent the air.
screamed sylvia, who chanced to be facing the mansion.
"thehouse is on fire!"
they were standing in a group, almost where police constable farrowhad stood at ten minutes past ten the previous morning.
hence theywere aware of this addition to the day's horrors before the houseservants, who, headed by tomlinson, were gathered on and near theflight of steps at the entrance.
every female servant in theestablishment was there as well, not outside the door, but quaking inthe hall.
macbain was the first among the men to realize what washappening.
he caught the loud clang of an automatic fire alarm ringingin his room, and at once called the house fire brigade to run out thehose while he dashed upstairs into the north corridor, from which avolume of smoke was pouring.
he cried, on reaching the cross gallery.
"it's in mr.fenley's rooms!"
mr. fenley's rooms!
no need to tell the horrified staff which rooms hemeant.
a fire was raging in the private suite of the dead man!
the residence was singularly well equipped with fire-extinguishingappliances.
mortimer fenley had seen to that.
hand grenades, producingcarbonic acid gas generated by mixing water with acid and alkali,were stored in convenient places, and there was a plentiful supply ofwater from many hose pipes.
the north and south galleries looked onto an internal courtyard, so there was every chance of isolatingthe outbreak if it were tackled vigorously; and no fault could befound with either the spirit or training of the amateur brigade.
consequently, only two rooms, a bedroom and adjoining dressing-room,were well alight; these were burned out completely.
a sitting-room onone side was badly scorched, as was a spare room on the other; but themen soon knew that they had checked the further progress of theflames, and were speculating, while they worked, as to the cause of afire originating in a set of empty apartments, when parker, mrs.fenley's personal attendant, came sobbing and distraught to sylvia.
where is your aunt?"
"isn't mrs. fenley in her room?"
asked the girl, yielding to a senseof neglect in not having gone to see if mrs. fenley was alarmed,though the older woman was not in the slightest danger.
the two mainsections of the building were separated by an open space of fortyfeet, and the towers had exceedingly thick walls.
i can't find her anywhere!"
said the woman, well aware thatif any one was at fault it was herself.
"you know when i saw you.
iwent back then, and she was sleeping, so i thought i could leave hersafely.
oh, miss, what has become of her?
maybe she was aroused by theshooting!"
all hands that could be spared from the fire-fighting operationsengaged instantly in an active search, but there was no clue to mrs.fenley's disappearance beyond an open door and a missing night light.
the electric current was shut off at the main at midnight, except on aspecial circuit communicating with the hall, the courtyard, andmacbain's den, where he had control of these things.
high and low they hunted without avail, until macbain himself stumbledover a calcinated body in the murdered banker's bedroom.
the poorcreature had waked to some sense of disaster.
vague memories of themorning's horror had led her, night light in hand, to the spot whereshe fancied she would find the one person on earth in whom she placedconfidence, for mortimer fenley had always treated her with kindness,even if his methods were not in accord with the commonly acceptedmoral code.
presumably, on discovering that the rooms were empty, some furtherglimmering knowledge had stirred her benumbed consciousness.
she mayhave flung herself on the bed in a paroxysm of weeping, heedless ofthe overturned night light and the havoc it caused.
that, of course,is sheer guesswork, though the glass dish which held the light wasfound later on the charred floor, which was protected, to some extent,by a thick carpet.
at any rate, she had not long survived the husband who had given her apomp and circumstance for which she was ill fitted.
they were buriedin the same grave, and hertfordshire sent its thousands to thefuneral.
soon after her fate became known, winter wanted furneaux, but hiscolleague was not in the house.
the telephone having broken down,owing to the collapse of a standard, and the necessity of subduing thefire having put a stop to any immediate search being made in the park,winter thought that the pair of them would be better employed if theytransferred their energies to the local police station.
he found furneaux seated on the lowermost step at the entrance; thejerseyman was crying as if his heart would break, and trenholme wastrying to comfort him, but in vain.
"what's up now?"
inquired the superintendent, thinking at the momentthat his friend and comrade was giving way to hysteria indirectlyowing to the blow he had received.
furneaux looked up.
it was the darkest hour of the night, and hischief could not see the distraught features wrung with pain.
"james," he said, mastering his voice by a fierce effort, "my madantics killed that unfortunate woman!
she was aroused by the shots.
she would cry for help, and none came.
i can hear her now!
then she ran for refuge to the man who had been everything to hersince she was a barrack room kid in india.
i'm done, old fellow.
i can never show my face in the yard again."
"it'll do you a world of good if you talk," said winter, meaning toconsole, but unconsciously wounding by cruel sarcasm.
"i'll be dumb enough after this night's work," said furneaux, in atone of such utter dejection that winter began to take him seriously.
"if you fail me now, charles," he said, and his utterance was thickwith anger at the crassness of things, "i'll consider the advisabilityof sending in my own papers.
he said something quitedifferent, but his friends may read this record, and they wouldrepudiate an exact version with scorn and disbelief.
"are we going toadmit ourselves beaten by a half-bred hound like hilton fenley?
notif i know it, or i know you.
we've got the noose 'round his neck, andyou and i will pull it tight if we have to follow him to----""pardon the interruption, gentlemen," said a voice.
"i was called outo' bed to come to the fire, an' took a short cut across the park.
blowme if i didn't kick my foot against this!"
and police constable farrow, who had approached unnoticed, held outan object which seemed to be a rifle.
owing to his being seatedfurneaux's eyes were on a level with it, and he could see more clearlythan the others.
he struck a match; then there could be no doubt thatthe policeman had actually picked up the weapon which had set inmotion so many and such varied vicissitudes.
but farrow had more to say.
it had been his happy lot during manyhours to figure bravely in the fenley case, and he carried himselfas a valiant man and true to the end.
"i think i heard you mention mr. hilton," he went on.
"i met dr. sternin the village, an' he tol' me mr. hilton had borrowed his car."
furneaux stood up.
"continue, solomon," he said, and winter sighed with relief; thelittle man was himself again.
"that's all, gentlemen, or practically all.
it struck me as unusual,but dr. stern said mr. hilton's motor was out o' gear, an' he wanteda car in a desp'rit hurry."
"he did, indeed!"
"you're quite sure there is nomistake?"
how could there be?
the doctor was walkin' home.
that'san unusual thing.
he never walks a yard if he can help it.
mr. hiltonborrowed the car to go to st.
"did he, indeed?
just how did he come to find the car waiting forhim?"
"oh, that's the queer part of it.
dr. stern is lookin' after poor oldjoe bland, who's mighty bad with--there, now, if i haven't gone andforgotten the name; something-itis--and mr. hilton must have seen thecar standin' outside bland's house.
but what was he doin' in roxton atarf past twelve?
that's wot beats me.
and then, just fancy me stubbin'my toe against this!"
again he displayed the rifle as if it were an exhibit and he weregiving evidence.
"let's go inside and get a light," said winter, and the four mountedthe steps into the hall.
robert fenley was there--red-faced as ever,for he had helped in putting out the fire, but quite sober, since hehad been very sick.
some lamps and candles gave a fair amount of light, and robert eyedtrenholme viciously.
"so it was you!"
"i thought it was.
well, my father andmother are both dead, and this is no time for settlin' matters; buti'll look you up when this business is all over."
"if you do, you'll get hurt," said winter brusquely.
"is that yourrifle?"
and he pointed to the weapon in farrow's hands.
where was it found?"
"in the quarry wood, sir, but a'most in the park," said the policeman.
"has it been used recently?"
fenley could hardly have put a question better calculated to prove hisown innocence of any complicity in the crime.
winter took the gun, meaning to open the breech, but he and furneauxsimultaneously noticed a bit of black thread tied to one of thetriggers.
it had been broken, and the two loose ends were some inchesin length.
"that settles it," muttered furneaux.
"the scoundrel fixed it to athick branch, aimed it carefully on more than one occasion--look atthe sights, set for four hundred yards--and fired it by pulling a cordfrom his bedroom window when he saw his father occupying the exactposition where the sighting practiced on monday and tuesday showedthat a fatal wound would be inflicted.
the remaining length of cordwas stronger than this packing thread, which was bound to give wayfirst when force was applied.... well, that side of the questiondidn't bother us much, did it, winter?"
"may i ask who you're talking about?"
inquired robert fenley hoarsely.
"about that precious rogue, your half brother," was the answer.
"thatis why he went to his bedroom, one window of which looks out on thepark and the other on the east front, where he watched his fatherstanding to light a cigar before entering the motor.
he laid the cordbefore breakfast, knowing that miss manning's habit of bathing in thelake would keep gardeners and others from that part of the grounds.
when the shot was fired he pulled in the cord----""i saw him doing that," interrupted trenholme, who, after one glanceat the signs of his handiwork on robert fenley's left jaw, had devotedhis attention to the extraordinary story revealed by the detectives.
"you _saw_ him!"
and furneaux wheeled round in sudden wrath.
"why thedeuce didn't you tell me that?"
"you never asked me."
"how could i ask you such a thing?
am i a necromancer, a wizard, oreke a thought reader?"
trenholme favored the vexed little man with a contemplative look.
"i think you are all those, and a jolly clever art critic as well," hesaid.
furneaux was discomfited, and winter nearly laughed.
but the matter atissue was too important to be treated with levity.
"tell us now what you saw, mr. trenholme," he said.
"when the shot was fired, i recognized it as coming from ahigh-velocity rifle," said the artist.
"i was surprised that such aweapon should be used in an enclosed park of this nature, and lookedtoward the house to discover whether or not any heed would be given tothe incident there.
from where i was seated i could see the whole ofthe south front, but not the east side, where the brass fittings ofthe automobile alone were visible, glinting through and slightly abovea yew hedge.
"now, when miss manning returned to the house and entered by way of awindow on the ground floor, i noticed that no other window was open.
but after the report of the gun, i saw the end window of the firstfloor on the southeast side slightly raised--say six inches; and someone in the room was, as i regarded it, gesticulating, or making signs.
that continued nearly half a minute and then ceased.
i don't knowwhether the person behind the glass was a man or a woman, but some onewas there, and engaged in the way i have described.
if your theory iscorrect, the motions would be precisely those you suggest, similar tothose of a fisherman reeling in a line."
"your simile happens to be exact," said winter.
"while hilton fenleyand my friend here were having a dust-up in the quarry wood i searchedhis rooms; and among other things i came upon a salmon reel carryingan exceptional quantity of line.
so our case is fairly complete.
i'msorry to have to inform you, mr. fenley, that not only did your halfbrother kill your father, but he tried his level best to put the crimeon your shoulders.
"he overreached himself in sending for scotland yard men.
we have seentoo much of the seamy side of life to accept as gospel truth the firststory we hear.
the very fact that hilton fenley was attacking you inyour absence prejudiced us against him at the outset.
there were othermatters, which i need not go into now, which converted our dislikeinto active suspicion.
"but it is only fair that you should understand how narrow was yourescape from arrest.
had the local police been in sole charge i ambound to say you would have passed this night in a cell.
luckily foryou, mr. furneaux and i set our faces against the notion of your guiltfrom the beginning.
long before we saw you, we were keeping an eye onthe real criminal.
when you did appear, your conduct only confirmedour belief in your innocence."
"i told you why, you will remember," piped furneaux.
but robert fenley said no word.
he was stunned.
he began to feel illagain, and made for his room.
sylvia had not been seen since she heardof mrs. fenley's death.
the detectives collected their belongings,which with the gun and a bag packed with various articles taken fromhilton fenley's suite--the reel, for instance, a suit of clothesbearing marks, possibly of moss, and the leather portfolio ofpapers--were entrusted to farrow and another constable for safeconveyance.
accompanied by trenholme, they walked to easton.
on theway the artist supplied sufficient details of his two meetings withsylvia to put them in possession of the main incidents.
furneaux,though suffering from a splitting headache, had recovered the use of avinegary tongue.
"i was mistaken in you," he chuckled.
"you're a rank impressionist.
indeed, you're a neo-impressionist, a get-busy-and-do-it-now master ofart.... but she's a mighty nice girl, isn't she?"
"meaning miss manning?"
said trenholme coldly.
"_'cré nom!_ you've got it bad."
"got what bad?"
"the matrimonial measles.
you're sickening for them now.
one of theworst symptoms in the man is his curt refusal to permit anybody elseto admire one bright particular star of womanhood.
if the girl hearsanother girl gushing over the young man, she's ready to scratch hereyes out.
it'll be many a day before you forget your visit toroxton park this morning, or yesterday morning, or whenever it was.
life has been very strenuous during the past fifteenhours.
if you love me, james, put my poor head under a pump, or i'llbe dreaming that our lightning sketch performer here, long johntrenholme, late candidate for the p. r. a., but now devoted to thecult of hymen, is going to marry eliza, of the white horse, and thatthe fair sylvia is pledged to cook us a dinner tomorrow night--or isit tonight?
oh, gemini, how my head aches!"
"don't mind a word he's saying, mr. trenholme," put in winter.
"hiltonfenley hit him a smack with that rifle, and it developed certaincracks already well marked.
but he's a marvelously 'cute little codgerwhen you make due allowance for his peculiar ways, and he has a queertrick of guessing at future events with an accuracy which hassurprised me more times than i can keep track of."
trenholme was too good a fellow not to put up with a little mild chaffof that sort.
he looked at the horizon, where the faint streaks ofanother dawn were beginning to show in the northeast.
"please god," he said piously, "if i'm deemed worthy of such a boon,i'll marry sylvia manning, or no other woman.
and, when the chanceoffers, eliza of the white horse shall cook you a dinner to make yourmouth water.
thus will mr. furneaux's dream come true, because dreamsgo by contraries!"
winter tried to persuade his mercurial-spirited friend to snatch a fewhours' rest.
the police inspector obligingly offered a bed; but shortof a positive order, which the superintendent did not care to give,nothing would induce furneaux to let go his grip on the fenley case.
"wait till the doctor's car comes back," he urged.
"the chauffeur willcarry the story a few pages farther.
at any rate, we shall know wherehe dropped fenley, and that is something."
winter produced a big cigar, and trenholme felt in his pockets forpipe and tobacco.
"no, you don't, young man," said the big man firmly.
"you're goingstraight to your room in the white horse.
and i'll tell you why.
fromwhat i have heard about the fenleys, they were a lonely crowd.
theirfriends were business associates and they seem to own no relatives;while miss manning, if ever she possessed any, has been carefully shutaway from them.
the position of affairs in the towers will be strainedtomorrow.
the elder fenleys are dead; one son may be in jail--or, ifhe isn't, might as well be--and the other, as soon as he feels hisfeet, will be giving himself airs.
now, haven't you a mother or anaunt who would come to roxton and meet miss manning, and perhaps helpher to get away from a house which is no fit place for her to live inat present?"
"my mother can be here within an hour of the opening of the telegraphoffice," said trenholme.
"write the telegram now, and the constable on night duty will attendto it.
when your mother arrives, tell her the whole story, and sendher to miss manning.
don't go yourself.
you might meet robert fenley,and he would certainly be cantankerous.
if your mother resembles you,she will have no difficulty in arranging matters with the young lady."
"if i resemble my mother, i am a very fortunate man," said the artistsimply.
"i thought it would be that way," was the smiling comment.
"one otherthing: i don't suppose for a minute that miss manning is acquaintedwith a reputable firm of solicitors.
if she is, tell her to consultthem, and get them to communicate with scotland yard, where i shallsupply or leave with others certain information which should be actedon promptly in her behalf.
if, as i expect, she knows no lawyer, seethat she takes this card to the address on it and give messrs. gibb,morris & gibb my message.
"finally, she must be warned to say nothing of this to robert fenley.
in fact, the less that young spark knows about her affairs the better.
after tonight's adventure that hint is hardly needed, perhaps; but itis always well to be explicit.
now off with you."
"i'm not tired.
can i be of any service?"
i want you to be ready for a long day's work in miss manning'sinterests.
mr. furneaux and i may be busy elsewhere.
unquestionably weshall not be in roxton; we may even be far from london.
miss manningwill want a friend.
see to it that you start the day refreshed by somehours of sleep."'
"good-by," said trenholme promptly.
"sorry you two will miss eliza'sdinner.
but that is only a feast deferred.
by the way, if i leaveroxton i'll send you my address."
"don't worry about that," smiled the superintendent.
"our friend theinspector here will keep tab on you.
before you're finished withinquests, police courts and assizes you'll wish you'd never heard thename of fenley.... by jove, i nearly forgot to caution you.
not a wordto the press....
"if they get on to this storyin its entirety, won't they publish chapter and verse!"
so trenholme went out into the village street and walked to hisquarters in the white horse inn.
it was not yet two o'clock, but dawnhad already silvered the northeast arc of the horizon.
just twentyhours earlier an alarm clock had waked him into such a day as few haveexperienced.
many a man has been brought unexpectedly into intimatetouch with a tragedy of no personal concern, but seldom indeed do thefates contrive that death and love and high adventure should be soclosely bound, and packed pellmell into one long day.
only to think of it!
when he stole upstairs with the clock to play atrick on eliza, he had never seen sylvia nor so much as heard her namespoken.
when he sang of love and the dawn while striding homewardthrough the park, he had seen her, yet did not know her, and had nohope of ever seeing her again.
when he worked at her picture, he hadlabored at the idealization of a dream which bade fair to remain adream.
and now by some magic jugglery of ordinary events, each wellwithin the bounds of credibility, yet so overwhelmingly incredible intheir sequence and completeness, he was sylvia's lover, her defender,her trusted knight-errant.
even the concluding words of that big, round-headed, sensibledetective had brought a fantasy nearer attainment.
if sylvia wererich, why then a youngster who painted pictures for a living wouldhardly dare think of marrying her.
but if sylvia were poor--andwinter's comments seemed to show that these financiers had beenfinancing themselves at her expense--what earthly reason was therethat she should not become mrs. john trenholme at the earliestpracticable date?
none that he could conceive.
why, a fellow wouldhave to be a fool indeed who did not know when he had met the onewoman in the world!
he had often laughed at other fellows who spoke inthat way about the chosen one.
now he understood that they had beenwise and he foolish.
but suppose sylvia--oh, dash it, no need to spoil one's brief rest byallowing a beastly doubt like that to rear its ugly head!
one thing hewas sure of--robert fenley could never be a rival; and fenley, churlthat he was, had known her for years, and could hardly be pesteringher with his attentions if she were pledged to another man.
moreoverhe, john, newly in love and tingling with the thrill of it, fanciedthat sylvia would not have clung to him with such complete confidencewhen the uproar arose in the park if----well, well--the history of thefenley case will never be brought to an end if any attempt is made toanalyze the effects of love's first vigorous growth in the artistictemperament.
about a quarter past three dr. stern's little landaulet was halted atthe same cross-road where a policeman had stopped it nearly threehours earlier.
"that you, tom?"
said the constable.
"you're wanted at the station."
inquired the chauffeur.
"the police station."
"am i, by gum?
"the scotland yard men want you."
"but what for?
i haven't run over so much as a hen."
"oh, it's all right.
you're wanted as a witness.
never mind why.
_they_'ll tell you.
the doctor is there, smoking a cigar till you turnup."
"i left him at joe bland's."
"joe bland has left boxton for kingdom come.
and the towers is halfburnt down.
things haven't been happening while you were away, havethey?"
"not half," said tom.
"no, nor quarter," grinned the policeman to himself when the car movedon.
"wait till you know who you took on that trip, and why, and _your_sparkin'-plug'll be out of order for a week."
it was as well that the chauffeur had not the slightest notion thathe had conveyed a murderer to london when he began to tell his taleto his employer and the detectives.
they wanted a plain, unvarnishedstory, and got it.
on leaving the offices in bishopsgate street,fenley asked to be driven to gloucester mansions, shaftesbury avenue.
tom had seen the last of him standing on the pavement, with a suitcaseon the ground at his feet.
he was wearing an overcoat and a derby hat,and was pressing an electric bell.
"he tol' me i needn't wait, so i made for the edgware road; an' that'sall," said tom.
"cool as a fish!"
"well, sir, i didn't get hot over it," said the surprised chauffeur.
"i'm not talking about you.
could you manage another run to town?
areyou too tired?"
the mystified tom looked at his employer.
dr. stern laughed.
"go right ahead!"
"i'm thinking of buying a new car.
ahundred and twenty miles in one night should settle the matter sofar as this old rattletrap is concerned."
"of course we'll pay you, doctor," said winter.
"that's more than hilton fenley will ever do, i'm afraid."
tom tickled his scalp under his cap.
"mr. hilton gemme a fiver," he said rather sheepishly.
there wassomething going on that he did not understand, but he thought itadvisable to own up with regard to that lordly tip.
"you're a lucky fellow," said the doctor.
"what about petrol?
and doyou feel able to take these gentlemen to london?"
tom was a wiry person.
in five minutes he was on the road again boundfor scotland yard this time.
as a matter of form a detective was sentto gloucester mansions, and came back with the not unforeseen newsthat mrs. garth was very angry at being disturbed at such an unearthlyhour.
no; she had seen nothing of mr. hilton fenley since thepreceding afternoon.
some one had rung the bell about two o'clock thatmorning, but the summons was not repeated; and she had not inquiredinto it, thinking that a mistake had been made and discovered by theblunderer.
sheldon was brought from his residence.
he had a very complete reportconcerning mrs. lisle; but that lady's shadowy form need not flitacross the screen, since robert fenley's intrigues cease to be ofinterest.
he had dispatched her to france, urging that he must begiven a free hand until the upset caused by his father's death was putstraight.
suffice it to say that when he secured some few hundreds ayear out of the residue of the estate, he married mrs. lisle, andpossibly became a henpecked husband.
the garths, too, mother anddaughter, may be dropped.
there was no getting any restitution by themof any share of the proceeds of the robbery.
they vowed they wereinnocent agents and received no share of the plunder.
miss eileengarth has taken up musical comedy, if not seriously at leastzealously, and commenced in the chorus with quite a decent show ofdiamonds.
london was scoured next morning for traces of hilton fenley, but withno result.
this again fell in with anticipation.
the brain that couldplan the brutal murder of a father was not likely to fail whencontriving its own safety.
somehow both winter and furneaux wereconvinced that fenley would make for paris, and that once there itwould be difficult to lay hands on him.
furneaux, be it remembered,had gone very thoroughly into the bond robbery, and had reachedcertain conclusions when mortimer fenley stopped the inquiry.
in pursuance of this notion they resolved to watch the likeliestports.
furneaux took dover, winter newhaven and sheldon folkestone.
they did not even trouble to search the outgoing trains at the londontermini, though a detailed description of the fugitive was circulatedin the ordinary way.
each man traveled by the earliest train to hisdestination and, having secured the aid of the local police, mountedguard over the gangways.
furneaux drew the prize, which was only a just compensation for a sorehead and sorer feelings.
he had changed his clothing, but adopted noother disguise than a traveling-cap pulled well down over his eyes.
he took it for granted that fenley, like every other intelligentperson going abroad, was aware that all persons leaving the countryare subjected to close if unobtrusive scrutiny as they step from pierto ship.
fenley, therefore, would have a sharp eye for the quietlydressed men who stand close to the steamer officials at the head ofthe gangway, but would hardly expect to find nemesis hidden in thepurser's cabin.
through a porthole furneaux saw every face and, on thethird essay, while the fashionable crowd which elects to pay higherrates for the eleven o'clock express from victoria was struggling likeless exalted people to be on board quickly, he found his man in thethick of the press.
fenley had procured a new suit, a homburg hat, and some baggage.
infact, it was learned afterwards that he hired a taxi at charing cross,breakfasted at canterbury, and made his purchases there at leisure,before driving on to dover.
he passed between two uniformed policemen with the utmostself-possession, even pausing there momentarily to give someinstruction to a porter about the disposition of his portmanteaux.
that was a piece of pure bravado, perhaps a final test of his ownhighly strung nerves.
the men, of course, were not watching him or anyother individual in the hurrying throng.
they had a sharp eye forfurneaux, however, and when he nodded and hurried from his lair one ofthem grabbed fenley by the shoulder.
at that instant a burly german, careless of any one's comfort buthis own, and somewhat irritated by fenley's halt at the mouth ofthe gangway, brushed forward.
his weight, and fenley's quick flinchingfrom that ominous clutch, loosed the policeman's hold, and themurderer was free once more for a few fleeting seconds.
the constable pressed on, shoving the other man against the rail.
i want you," he said, and the quietly spoken words rang infenley's ears as if they had been bellowed through a megaphone.
owingto his own delay, there was a clear space in front.
he took that wayof escape instinctively, though he knew he was doomed, since theship's officers would seize him at the policeman's call.
then he saw furneaux, whose foot was already on the lower end of thegangway.
that, then, was the end!
he was done for now.
all that wasleft of life was the ghastly progress of the law's ceremonial untilhe was brought to the scaffold and hanged amidst a whole nation'sloathing.
his eyes met furneaux's in a glare of deadly malice.
then helooked into eternity with daring despair, and dived headlong over therailing into the sea.
that awesome plunge created tremendous excitement among the bystanderson quay and ship.
it was seen by hundreds.
men shouted, womenscreamed, not a few fainted.
a sailor on the lower deck ran with alife belt, but fenley never rose.
his body was carried out by thetide, and was cast ashore some days later at the foot of shakespeare'scliff.
then the poor mortal husk made some amends for the misdeeds ofa warped soul.
in the pockets were found a large amount of negotiablescrip, and no small sum in notes and gold, with the result thatmessrs. gibb, morris & gibb were enabled to recover the whole ofsylvia manning's fortune, while the sale of the estate providedsufficiently for robert fenley's future.
the course of true love never ran smoother than for john and sylvia.
they were so obviously made for each other, they had so determinedlyflown to each other's arms, that it did not matter tuppence to eitherwhether sylvia were rich or poor.
but it mattered a great deal whenthey came to make plans for a glorious future.
what a big, grandworld it was, to be sure!
and how much there was to see in it!
thecontinent, america, the gorgeous east!
they mapped out tours thatwould find them middle-aged before they neared england again.
doeslife consist then, in flitting from hotel to hotel, from train tosteamship?
german kultur took care to upset that theory.
johntrenholme is now a war-worn major in the gunners, and sylvia has onlyrecently returned to her home nest after four years' service with thered cross in france.
but these things came later.
one evening in the autumn, winter andfurneaux took sheldon over to roxton and dined with dr. stern andtomlinson at the white horse.
tomlinson had bought the white horseand secured eliza with the fixtures.
of course, there was talk ofthe fenleys, and winter told how hilton fenley's mother had beenunearthed in paris.
she was a spiteful and wizened half-caste; but sheheld her son dear, as mothers will, be they black or white orchocolate-colored, and it was to maintain her in an establishment ofsome style that he had begun to steal.
she had married again, and theman had gone through all her money, dying when there was none left.
she retained his name, however, and fenley adopted it, too, duringfrequent visits to paris.
hence he was known there by a good manypeople, and could have sunk his own personality had he made goodhis escape.
the mother's hatred of mortimer fenley had probablycommunicated itself to her son.
when she was told of hilton's suicideand its cause, she said that if anything could console her for hisdeath it was the fact that he had avenged her wrongs on his father.
"what was her grievance against poor mortimer fenley?"
"i knew him well, and he was a decent sort of fellow--ratherblustering and dictatorial but not bad-hearted."
"his success, i believe," said winter.
"they disagreed, and shedivorced him, thinking he would remain poor.
the whirligig of timechanged their relative positions, and to a jealous-minded woman thatwas unforgivable."
"the affair made a rare stir here anyhow," went on the doctor.
"thepeople who have taken the towers have not only changed the name of theplace, but they have commissioned a friend of mine, an architect, toalter the entrance.
there will be two flights of steps and a coveredporch, so the exact spot where fenley fell dead will be built over."
"gentlemen," said tomlinson, "talking is dry work.
i haven't my oldcellar to select from, but i can recommend the brands you see on thetable.
mr. furneaux, i'm sure you have not forgotten that châteauyquem?"
then, and not until then, did the ex-butler hear that the detectiveshad never tasted his famous port.
his benign features were wrung withpain, for it was a wine of rare "bowket," and hard to replace.
but furneaux restored his wonted geniality by opening a parcelhitherto reposing on the sideboard.
"i never sent you that bottle of alto douro," he cried.
"here it is--acrusted quart for your own drinking.
lest you should be tempted to betoo generous tonight, i've brought another.
now--a cradle and acorkscrew!"
so, after a dirge, and before the world shook in war, the story endson a lively note, for what is there to compare with good wine and goodcheer, each in moderation?
and one bottle among five is reasonableenough in all conscience.
