there is a fertile stretch of flat lands in indiana where unagrarianeastern travellers, glancing from car-windows, shudder and return theireyes to interior upholstery, preferring even the swaying caparisons of apullman to the monotony without.
the landscape lies interminably level:bleak in winter, a desolate plain of mud and snow; hot and dusty insummer, in its flat lonesomeness, miles on miles with not one cool hillslope away from the sun.
the persistent tourist who seeks for signs ofman in this sad expanse perceives a reckless amount of rail fence; atintervals a large barn; and, here and there, man himself, incurious,patient, slow, looking up from the fields apathetically as the limitedflies by.
widely separated from each other are small frame railwaystations--sometimes with no other building in sight, which indicatesthat somewhere behind the adjacent woods a few shanties and thincottages are grouped about a couple of brick stores.
on the station platforms there are always two or three woodenpacking-boxes, apparently marked for travel, but they are sacred fromdisturbance and remain on the platform forever; possibly the right trainnever comes along.
they serve to enthrone a few station loafers, wholook out from under their hat-brims at the faces in the car-windows withthe languid scorn a permanent fixture always has for a transient, andthe pity an american feels for a fellow-being who does not live in histown.
now and then the train passes a town built scatteringly abouta court-house, with a mill or two humming near the tracks.
this isa county-seat, and the inhabitants and the local papers refer to itconfidently as "our city."
the heart of the flat lands is a central areacalled carlow county, and the county-seat of carlow is a town unhappilynamed in honor of its first settler, william platt, who christened itwith his blood.
natives of this place have sometimes remarked, easily,that their city had a population of from five to six thousand souls.
itis easy to forgive them for such statements; civic pride is a virtue.
the social and business energy of plattville concentrates on the square.
here, in summer-time, the gentlemen are wont to lounge from storeto store in their shirt sleeves; and here stood the old, red-brickcourt-house, loosely fenced in a shady grove of maple and elm--"slipp'ryellum"--called the "court-house yard."
when the sun grew too hot for thedry-goods box whittlers in front of the stores around the square and theoccupants of the chairs in front of the palace hotel on the corner, theywould go across and drape themselves over the court-house fence, underthe trees, and leisurely carve there initials on the top board.
thefarmers hitched their teams to the fence, for there were usually loafersenergetic enough to shout "whoa!"
if the flies worried the horsesbeyond patience.
in the yard, amongst the weeds and tall, unkept grass,chickens foraged all day long; the fence was so low that the mostmatronly hen flew over with propriety; and there were gaps thataccommodated the passage of itinerant pigs.
most of the latter, however,preferred the cool wallows of the less important street corners.
hereand there a big dog lay asleep in the middle of the road, knowing wellthat the easy-going samaritan, in his case, would pass by on the otherside.
only one street attained to the dignity of a name--main street, whichformed the north side of the square.
in carlow county, descriptivelocation is usually accomplished by designating the adjacent, as, "up atbardlocks'," "down by schofields'," "right where hibbards live," "acrostfrom sol.
tibbs's," or, "other side of jones's field."
in winter, mainstreet was a series of frozen gorges land hummocks; in fall and spring,a river of mud; in summer, a continuing dust heap; it was the beststreet in plattville.
the people lived happily; and, while the world whirled on outside, theywere content with their own.
it would have moved their surprise asmuch as their indignation to hear themselves spoken of as a "secludedcommunity"; for they sat up all night to hear the vote of new york,every campaign.
once when the president visited rouen, seventy milesaway, there were only few bankrupts (and not a baby amongst them) leftin the deserted homes of carlow county.
everybody had adventures; almosteverybody saw the great man; and everybody was glad to get back homeagain.
it was the longest journey some of them ever set upon, and these,elated as they were over their travels, determined to think twice erethey went that far from home another time.
on saturdays, the farmers enlivened the commercial atmosphere ofplattville; and miss tibbs, the postmaster's sister and clerk, used tomake a point of walking up and down main street as often as possible,to get a thrill in the realization of some poetical expressions thathaunted her pleasingly; phrases she had employed frequently in her poemsfor the "carlow county herald."
when thirty or forty country people werescattered along the sidewalks in front of the stores on main street, shewould walk at nicely calculated angles to the different groups so as toleave as few gaps as possible between the figures, making them appearas near a solid phalanx as she could.
then she would murmur to herself,with the accent of soulful revel, "the thronged city streets," and,"within the thronged city," or, "where the thronging crowds wereswarming and the great cathedral rose."
although she had never beenbeyond carlow and the bordering counties in her life, all her poems wereof city streets and bustling multitudes.
she was one of those who hadbeen unable to join the excursion to rouen when the president was there;but she had listened avidly to her friends' descriptions of the crowds.
before that time her muse had been sylvan, speaking of "flow'rs of may,"and hinting at thoughts that overcame her when she roved the woodlandsthro'; but now the inspiration was become decidedly municipal andurban, evidently reluctant to depart beyond the retail portions of ametropolis.
her verses beginning, "o, my native city, bride of hibbard'swinding stream,"--hibbard's creek runs west of plattville, except intime of drought--"when thy myriad lights are shining, and thy faces,like a dream, go flitting down thy sidewalks when their daily toil isdone," were pronounced, at the time of their publication, the best poemthat had ever appeared in the "herald."
this unlucky newspaper was a thorn in the side of every patriot ofcarlow county.
it was a poor paper; everybody knew it was a poor paper;it was so poor that everybody admitted it was a poor paper--worse, theneighboring county of amo possessed a better paper, the "amo gazette."
the "carlow county herald" was so everlastingly bad that plattvillepeople bent their heads bitterly and admitted even to citizens of amothat the "gazette" was the better paper.
the "herald" was a weekly,issued on saturday; sometimes it hung fire over sunday and appearedmonday evening.
in their pride, the carlow people supported the "herald"loyally and long; but finally subscriptions began to fall off and the"gazette" gained them.
it came to pass that the "herald" missed firealtogether for several weeks; then it came out feebly, two smalladvertisements occupying the whole of the fourth page.
it was breathingits last.
the editor was a clay-colored gentleman with a goatee, whoseone surreptitious eye betokened both indolence of disposition anda certain furtive shrewdness.
he collected all the outstandingsubscriptions he could, on the morning of the issue just mentioned, and,thoughtfully neglecting several items on the other side of the ledger,departed from plattville forever.
the same afternoon a young man from the east alighted on the platformof the railway station, north of the town, and, entering the ricketyomnibus that lingered there, seeking whom it might rattle to deafness,demanded to be driven to the herald building.
it did not strike thedriver that the newcomer was precisely a gay young man when he climbedinto the omnibus; but, an hour later, as he stood in the doorway of theedifice he had indicated as his destination, depression seemed to havesettled into the marrow of his bones.
plattville was instantly alert tothe stranger's presence, and interesting conjectures were hazarded allday long at the back door of martin's dry-goods emporium, where all theclerks from the stores around the square came to play checkers or lookon at the game.
(this was the club during the day; in the evening theclub and the game removed to the drug, book, and wall-paper store onthe corner.)
at supper, the new arrival and his probable purposes werediscussed over every table in the town.
upon inquiry, he had informedjudd bennett, the driver of the omnibus, that he had come to stay.
naturally, such a declaration caused a sensation, as people did not cometo plattville to live, except through the inadvertency of being bornthere.
in addition, the young man's appearance and attire were reportedto be extraordinary.
many of the curious, among them most of themarriageable females of the place, took occasion to pass and repass thesign of the "carlow county herald" during the evening.
meanwhile, the stranger was seated in the dingy office upstairs withhis head bowed low on his arms.
twilight stole through the dirtywindow-panes and faded into darkness.
night filled the room.
he did notmove.
the young man from the east had bought the "herald" from anagent; had bought it without ever having been within a hundred miles ofplattville.
he had vastly overpaid for it.
moreover, the price he hadpaid for it was all the money he had in the world.
the next morning he went bitterly to work.
he hired a compositor fromrouen, a young man named parker, who set type all night long and helpedhim pursue advertisements all day.
the citizens shook their headspessimistically.
they had about given up the idea that the "herald"could ever amount to anything, and they betrayed an innocent, butcaustic, doubt of ability in any stranger.
one day the new editor left a note on his door; "will return in fifteenminutes."
mr. rodney mccune, a politician from the neighboring county of gaines,happening to be in plattville on an errand to his henchmen, found thenote, and wrote beneath the message the scathing inquiry, "why?"
when he discovered this addendum, the editor smiled for the first timesince his advent, and reported the incident in his next issue, using therubric, "why has the 'herald' returned to life?"
as a text for a rousingeditorial on "honesty in politics," a subject of which he already knewsomething.
the political district to which carlow belonged was governedby a limited number of gentlemen whose wealth was ever on the increase;and "honesty in politics" was a startling conception to the minds of thepassive and resigned voters, who discussed the editorial on the streetcorners and in the stores.
the next week there was another editorial,personal and local in its application, and thereby it became evidentthat the new proprietor of the "herald" was a theorist who believed, ingeneral, that a politician's honor should not be merely of thatmiddling healthy species known as "honor amongst politicians"; and, inparticular, that rodney mccune should not receive the nomination of hisparty for congress.
now, mr. mccune was the undoubted dictator of thedistrict, and his followers laughed at the stranger's fantastic onset.
but the editor was not content with the word of print; he hired a horseand rode about the country, and (to his own surprise) he proved to bean adaptable young man who enjoyed exercise with a pitchfork to thefarmer's profit while the farmer talked.
he talked little himself, butafter listening an hour or so, he would drop a word from the saddle ashe left; and then, by some surprising wizardry, the farmer, thinkingover the interview, decided there was some sense in what that youngfellow said, and grew curious to see what the young fellow had furtherto say in the "herald."
politics is the one subject that goes to the vitals of every ruralamerican; and a hoosier will talk politics after he is dead.
everybody read the campaign editorials, and found them interesting,although there was no one who did not perceive the utter absurdity of ayoung stranger's dropping into carlow and involving himself in a partyfight against the boss of the district.
it was entirely a party fight;for, by grace of the last gerrymander, the nomination carried with itthe certainty of election.
a week before the convention there came aprovincial earthquake; the news passed from man to man in awe-struckwhispers--mccune had withdrawn his name, making the hollowest of excusesto his cohorts.
nothing was known of the real reason for his disorderedretreat, beyond the fact that he had been in plattville on the morningbefore his withdrawal and had issued from a visit to the "herald" officein a state of palsy.
mr. parker, the rouen printer, had been present atthe close of the interview; but he held his peace at the command of hisemployer.
he had been called into the sanctum, and had found mccune,white and shaking, leaning on the desk.
"parker," said the editor, exhibiting a bundle of papers he held in hishand, "i want you to witness a verbal contract between mr. mccune andmyself.
these papers are an affidavit and copies of some records of astreet-car company which obtained a charter while mr mccune was inthe state legislature.
they were sent to me by a man i do not know, ananonymous friend of mr. mccune's; in fact, a friend he seems to havelost.
on consideration of our not printing these papers, mr. mccuneagrees to retire from politics for good.
you understand, if he everlifts his head again, politically, we publish them, and the courts willdo the rest.
now, in case anything should happen to me----""something will happen to you, all right," broke out mccune.
"you canbank on that, you black----""come," the editor interrupted, not unpleasantly "why should there beanything personal, in all this?
i don't recognize you as my privateenemy--not at all; and i think you are getting off rather easily; aren'tyou?
you stay out of politics, and everything will be comfortable.
youought never to have been in it, you see.
it's a mistake not to keepsquare, because in the long run somebody is sure to give you away--likethe fellow who sent me these.
you promise to hold to a strictly privatelife?"
"you're a traitor to the party," groaned the other, "but you onlywait----"the editor smiled sadly.
don't threaten, man.
go home toyour wife.
i'll give you three to one she'll be glad you are out of it."
"i'll give you three to one," said mccune, "that the white caps willget you if you stay in carlow.
you want to look out for yourself, i tellyou, my smart boy!"
"good-day, mr. mccune," was the answer.
"let me have your note ofwithdrawal before you leave town this afternoon."
the young man pauseda moment, then extended his hand, as he said: "shake hands, won't you?
i--i haven't meant to be too hard on you.
i hope things will seem easierand gayer to you before long; and if--if anything should turn up that ican do for you in a private way, i'll be very glad, you know.
the sound of the "herald's" victory went over the state.
the paper cameout regularly.
the townsfolk bought it and the farmers drove in for it.
old subscribers came back.
old advertisers renewed.
the "herald" beganto sell in amo, and gaines county people subscribed.
carlow folk heldup their heads when journalism was mentioned.
presently the "herald"announced a news connection with rouen, and with that, and the aid of"patent insides," began an era of three issues a week, appearing ontuesdays, thursdays, and saturdays.
the plattville brass band serenadedthe editor.
during the second month of the new regime of the "herald," the workingforce of the paper received an addition.
one night the editor found somebarroom loafers tormenting a patriarchal old man who had a magnificenthead and a grand white beard.
he had been thrown out of a saloon, and hewas drunk with the drunkenness of three weeks steady pouring.
he proppedhimself against a wall and reproved his tormentors in latin.
"i'mwalking your way, mr. fisbee," remarked the journalist, hooking his arminto the old man's.
"suppose we leave our friends here and go home?"
mr. fisbee was the one inhabitant of the town who had an unknown past;no one knew more about him than that he had been connected with auniversity somewhere, and had travelled in unheard-of countries beforehe came to plattville.
a glamour of romance was thrown about him by thegossips, to whom he ever proved a fund of delightful speculation.
therewas a dark, portentous secret in his life, it was agreed; an opinionnot too well confirmed by the old man's appearance.
his fine eyes had apathetic habit of wandering to the horizon in a questioning fashion thathad a queer sort of hopelessness in it, as if his quest were one for theholy grail, perhaps; and his expression was mild, vague, and sad.
he hada look of race and blood; and yet, at the first glance, one saw that hewas lost in dreams, and one guessed that the dreams would never beof great practicability in their application.
some such impression offisbee was probably what caused the editor of the "herald" to nicknamehim (in his own mind) "the white knight," and to conceive a strong, ifwhimsical, fancy for him.
old fisbee had come (from nobody knew where) to plattville to teach,and had been principal of the high school for ten years, instructinghis pupils after a peculiar fashion of his own, neglecting the ordinarycourses of high school instruction to lecture on archaeology to thedumfounded scholars; growing year by year more forgetful and absent,lost in his few books and his own reflections, until, though undeniablya scholar, he had been discharged for incompetency.
he was old; he hadno money and no way to make money; he could find nothing to do.
the blowhad seemed to daze him for a time; then he began to drop in at the hotelbar, where wilkerson, the professional drunkard, favored him with hissociety.
the old man understood; he knew it was the beginning of theend.
he sold his books in order to continue his credit at the palacebar, and once or twice, unable to proceed to his own dwelling, spentthe night in a lumber yard, piloted thither by the hardier veteran,wilkerson.
the morning after the editor took him home, fisbee appeared at the"herald" office in a new hat and a decent suit of black.
he had receivedhis salary in advance, his books had been repurchased, and he had becomethe reportorial staff of the "carlow county herald"; also, he was towrite various treatises for the paper.
for the first few evenings, whenhe started home from the office, his chief walked with him, chattingheartily, until they had passed the palace bar.
but fisbee's redemptionwas complete.
the old man had a daughter.
when she came to plattville, he told herwhat the editor of the "herald" had done for him.
the journalist kept steadily at his work; and, as time went on, thebitterness his predecessor's swindle had left him passed away.
but hisloneliness and a sense of defeat grew and deepened.
when the vistas ofthe world had opened to his first youth, he had not thought to spend hislife in such a place as plattville; but he found himself doing it, andit was no great happiness to him that the congressional representativeof the district, the gentleman whom the "herald's" opposition tomccune had sent to washington, came to depend on his influence forrenomination; nor did the realization that the editor of the "carlowcounty herald" had come to be mccune's successor as political dictatorproduce a perceptibly enlivening effect on the young man.
the yearsdrifted very slowly, and to him it seemed they went by while he stoodfar aside and could not even see them move.
he did not consider the lifehe led an exciting one; but the other citizens of carlow did when heundertook a war against the "white caps."
the natives were much moreafraid of the "white caps" than he was; they knew more about them andunderstood them better than he did.
it was june.
from the patent inner columns of the "carlow county herald"might be gleaned the information (enlivened by cuts of duchesses) thatthe london season had reached a high point of gaiety; and that, althoughthe weather had grown inauspiciously warm, there was sufficient gossipfor the thoughtful.
to the rapt mind of miss selina tibbs came adelicious moment of comparison: precisely the same conditions prevailedin plattville.
not unduly might miss selina lay this flattering unction to her soul,and well might the "herald" declare that "carlow events were crowdingthick and fast."
the congressional representative of the district wasto deliver a lecture at the court-house; a circus was approaching thecounty-seat, and its glories would be exhibited "rain or shine"; thecourt had cleared up the docket by sitting to unseemly hours of thenight, even until ten o'clock--one farmer witness had fallen asleepwhile deposing that he "had knowed this man hender some eighteenyear"--and, as excitements come indeed when they do come, and it seldomrains but it pours, the identical afternoon of the lecture a strangelady descended from the rouen accommodation and was greeted on theplatform by the wealthiest citizen of the county.
judge briscoe, andhis daughter, minnie, and (what stirred wonder to an itch almost beyondendurance) mr. fisbee!
and they then drove through town on the way tothe briscoe mansion, all four, apparently, in a fluster of pleasure andexhilaration, the strange lady engaged in earnest conversation with mr.fisbee on the back seat.
judd bennett had had the best stare at her, but, as he immediately fellinto a dreamy and absent state, little satisfaction could be got fromhim, merely an exasperating statement that the stranger seemed to havea kind of new look to her.
however, by means of miss mildy upton, adomestic of the briscoe household, the community was given something alittle more definite.
the lady's name was sherwood; she lived in rouen;and she had known miss briscoe at the eastern school the latter hadattended (to the feverish agitation of plattville) three years before;but mildy confessed her inadequacy in the matter of mr. fisbee.
he haddriven up in the buckboard with the others and evidently expected tostay for supper mr. tibbs, the postmaster (it was to the postofficethat miss upton brought her information) suggested, as a possibleexplanation, that the lady was so learned that the briscoes had invitedfisbee on the ground of his being the only person in plattville theyesteemed wise enough to converse with her; but miss tibbs wrecked herbrother's theory by mentioning the name of fisbee's chief.
"you see, solomon," she sagaciously observed, "if that were true, theywould have invited him, instead of mr. fisbee, and i wish they had.
he isn't troubled with malaria, and yet the longer he lives here thesallower-looking and sadder-looking he gets.
i think the company of alovely stranger might be of great cheer to his heart, and it will beinteresting to witness the meeting between them.
it may be," added thepoetess, "that they _have_ already met, on his travels before he settledhere.
it may be that they are old friends--or even more."
"then what," returned her brother, "what is he doin' settin' up in hisoffice all afternoon with ink on his forehead, while fisbee goes outridin' with her and stays for supper after_werds_?"
although the problem of fisbee's attendance remained a mere maze ofhopeless speculation, mildy had been present at the opening of misssherwood's trunk, and here was matter for the keen consideration of theladies, at least.
thoughtful conversations in regard to hats and liningstook place across fences and on corners of the square that afternoon;and many gentlemen wondered (in wise silence) why their spouses wereabsent-minded and brooded during the evening meal.
at half-past seven, the hon.
kedge halloway of amo delivered himselfof his lecture; "the past and present.
what we may glean from them, andtheir influence on the future."
at seven the court-room was crowded, andmiss tibbs, seated on the platform (reserved for prominent citizens),viewed the expectant throng with rapture.
it is possible that she wouldhave confessed to witnessing a sea of faces, but it is more probablethat she viewed the expectant throng.
the thermometer stood ateighty-seven degrees and there was a rustle of incessantly movingpalm-leaf fans as, row by row, their yellow sides twinkled in the lightof eight oil lamps.
the stouter ladies wielded their fans with vigor.
there were some very pretty faces in mr. halloway's audience, but itis a peculiarity of plattville that most of those females who do notincline to stoutness incline far in the opposite direction, and the leanladies naturally suffered less from the temperature than their sisters.
the shorn lamb is cared for, but often there seems the intention toimpart a moral in the refusal of providence to temper warm weather tothe full-bodied.
old tom martin expressed a strong consciousness of such intention whenhe observed to the shocked miss selina, as mr. bill snoddy, the stoutestcitizen of the county, waddled abnormally up the aisle: "the almightymust be gittin" a heap of fun out of bill snoddy to-night."
exclaimed miss tibbs, fluttering at his irreverence.
"why, you would yourself.
miss seliny," returned old tom.
mr. martinalways spoke in one key, never altering the pitch of his high, dry,unctuous drawl, though, when his purpose was more than ordinarilyhumorous, his voice assumed a shade of melancholy.
now and then hemeditatively passed his fingers through his gray beard, which followedthe line of his jaw, leaving his upper lip and most of his chinsmooth-shaven.
"did you ever reason out why folks laugh so much at fatpeople?"
neither'd anybody else."
"why is it, mr.
asked miss selina.
"it's like the creator's sayin', 'let there be light.'
he says,'let ladies be lovely--'" (miss tibbs bowed)--"and 'let men-folks behonest--sometimes;' and, 'let fat people be held up to ridiculetill they fall off.'
you can't tell why it is; it was jest ordainedthat-a-way."
the room was so crowded that the juvenile portion of the assemblage wasensconced in the windows.
strange to say, the youth of plattville werenot present under protest, as their fellows of a metropolis would havebeen, lectures being well understood by the young of great citiesto have instructive tendencies.
the boys came to-night because theyinsisted upon coming.
it was an event.
some of them had made sacrificesto come, enduring even the agony (next to hair-cutting in suffering) ofhaving their ears washed.
conscious of parental eyes, they frontedthe public with boyhood's professional expressionlessness, though theycommunicated with each other aside in a cipher-language of their own,and each group was a hot-bed of furtive gossip and sarcastic comment.
seated in the windows, they kept out what small breath of air mightotherwise have stolen in to comfort the audience.
their elders sat patiently dripping with perspiration, most of thegentlemen undergoing the unusual garniture of stiffly-starched collars,those who had not cultivated chin beards to obviate such arduousnecessities of pomp and state, hardly bearing up under the added anxietyof cravats.
however, they sat outwardly meek under the yoke; nearly allof them seeking a quiet solace of tobacco--not that they smoked; heavenand the gallantry of carlow county forbid--nor were there anywherevisible tokens of the comforting ministrations of nicotine to violatethe eye of etiquette.
it is an art of plattville.
suddenly there was a hum and a stir and a buzz of whispering in theroom.
two gray old men and two pretty young women passed up the aisle tothe platform.
one old man was stalwart and ruddy, with a cordial eyeand a handsome, smooth-shaven, big face.
the other was bent and trembledslightly; his face was very white; he had a fine high brow, deeplylined, the brow of a scholar, and a grandly flowing white beard thatcovered his chest, the beard of a patriarch.
one of the young womenwas tall and had the rosy cheeks and pleasant eyes of her father, whopreceded her.
the other was the strange lady.
a universal perturbation followed her progress up the aisle, if she hadknown it.
she was small and fair, very daintily and beautifully made;a pretty marquise whose head greuze should have painted.
mrs. columbuslandis, wife of the proprietor of the palace hotel, conferring with alady in the next seat, applied an over-burdened adjective: "it ain't somuch she's han'some, though she is, that--but don't you notice she's gota kind of smart look to her?
her bein' so teeny, kind of makes it moreso, somehow, too."
what stunned the gossips of the windows to awedadmiration, however, was the unconcerned and stoical fashion in whichshe wore a long bodkin straight through her head.
it seemed a largesacrifice merely to make sure one's hat remained in place.
the party took seats a little to the left and rear of the lecturer'stable, and faced the audience.
the strange lady chatted gaily with theother three, apparently as unconscious of the multitude of eyes fixedupon her as the gazers were innocent of rude intent.
there were prettyyoung women in plattville; minnie briscoe was the prettiest, and, as thelocal glass of fashion reflected, "the stylishest"; but this girlwas different, somehow, in a way the critics were puzzled todiscover--different, from the sparkle of her eyes and the crown of hertrim sailor hat, to the edge of her snowy duck skirt.
judd bennett sighed a sigh that was heard in every corner of the room.
as everybody immediately turned to look at him, he got up and went out.
it had long been a jocose fiction of mr. martin, who was a widower ofthirty years' standing, that he and the gifted authoress by his sidewere in a state of courtship.
now he bent his rugged head toward herto whisper: "i never thought to see the day you'd have a rival in myaffections.
miss seliny, but yonder looks like it.
i reckon i'll haveto go up to ben tinkle's and buy that fancy vest he's had in stock thislast twelve year or more.
will you take me back when she's left the cityagain; miss seliny?"
"i expect, maybe, miss sherwood isone of these here summer girls.
i've heard of 'em but i never see onebefore.
you better take warning and watch me--fisbee won't have no clearfield from now on."
the stranger leaned across to speak to miss briscoe and her sleevetouched the left shoulder of the old man with the patriarchal whitebeard.
a moment later he put his right hand to that shoulder and gentlymoved it up and down with a caressing motion over the shabby blackbroadcloth her garment had touched.
"look at that old fisbee!"
exclaimed mr. martin, affecting indignation.
"never be 'n half as spruced up and wide awake in all his life.
he'sprob'ly got her to listen to him on the decorations of nineveh--it's mybelief he was there when it was destroyed.
well, if i can't cut him outwe'll get our respected young friend of the 'herald' to do it."
returned miss tibbs.
"here he is."
the seats upon the platform were all occupied, except the two foremostones in the centre (one on each side of a little table with a lamp, apitcher of ice-water, and a glass) reserved for the lecturer and thegentleman who was to introduce him.
steps were audible in the hall, andevery one turned to watch the door, where the distinguished pair nowmade their appearance in a hush of expectation over which the beatingof the fans alone prevailed.
kedge halloway was one of thegleaners of the flesh-pots, himself, and he marched into the roomunostentatiously mopping his shining expanse of brow with a figuredhandkerchief.
he was a person of solemn appearance; a fat goldwatch-chain which curved across his ponderous front, adding mysteriouslyto his gravity.
at his side strolled a very tall, thin, ratherstooping--though broad-shouldered--rather shabby young man with asallow, melancholy face and deep-set eyes that looked tired.
when theywere seated, the orator looked over his audience slowly and with anincomparable calm; then, as is always done, he and the melancholy youngman exchanged whispers for a few moments.
after this there was a pause,at the end of which the latter rose and announced that it was hispleasure and his privilege to introduce, that evening, a gentleman whoneeded no introduction to that assemblage.
what citizen of carlow neededan introduction, asked the speaker, to the orator they had applaudedin the campaigns of the last twenty years, the statesman author ofthe halloway bill, the most honored citizen of the neighboring andflourishing county and city of amo?
and, the speaker would say, that ifthere were one thing the citizens of carlow could be held to envy thecitizens of amo, it was the honorable kedge halloway, the thinker,to whose widely-known paper they were about to have the pleasure andimprovement of listening.
the introduction was so vehemently applauded that, had there beenpresent a person connected with the theatrical profession, he might havebeen nervous for fear the introducer had prepared no encore.
"kedge istoo smart to take it all to himself," commented mr. martin.
"he knowsit's half account of the man that said it."
he was not mistaken.
mr. halloway had learned a certain perceptivenesson the stump.
resting one hand upon his unfolded notes upon the table,he turned toward the melancholy young man (who had subsided into thesmall of his back in his chair) and, after clearing his throat, observedwith sudden vehemence that he must thank his gifted friend for hisflattering remarks, but that when he said that carlow envied amo ahalloway, it must be replied that amo grudged no glory to her sistercounty of carlow, but, if amo could find envy in her heart it would bebecause carlow possessed a paper so sterling, so upright, so brilliant,so enterprising as the "carlow county herald," and a journalist sotalented, so gifted, so energetic, so fearless, as its editor.
the gentleman referred to showed very faint appreciation of theseringing compliments.
there was a lamp on the table beside him, againstwhich, to the view of miss sherwood of rouen, his face was silhouetted,and very rarely had it been her lot to see a man look less enthusiasticunder public and favorable comment of himself.
she wondered if he,also, remembered the muggleton cricket match and the subsequent dinneroratory.
the lecture proceeded.
the orator winged away to soary heights withgestures so vigorous as to cause admiration for his pluck in making useof them on such a night; the perspiration streamed down his face, hisneck grew purple, and he dared the very face of apoplexy, binding hisauditors with a double spell.
it is true that long before the perorationthe windows were empty and the boys were eating stolen, unripe fruit inthe orchards of the listeners.
the thieves were sure of an alibi.
mr. halloway reached a logical conclusion which convinced eventhe combative and unwilling that the present depends largely upon thepast, while the future will be determined, for the most part, by theconditions of the present.
"the future," he cried, leaning forward withan expression of solemn warning, "the future is in our own hands, ladiesand gentlemen of the city of plattville.
is it not so?
we will find itso.
turn it over in your minds."
he leaned backward and folded his handsbenevolently on his stomach and said in a searching whisper; "ponderit."
he waited for them to ponder it, and little mr. swanter, thedruggist and bookseller, who prided himself on his politeness and whowas seated directly in front, scratched his head and knit his browsto show that he was pondering it.
the stillness was intense; the fansceased to beat; mr. snoddy could be heard breathing dangerously.
mr.swanter was considering the advisability of drawing a pencil from hispocket and figuring on it upon his cuff, when suddenly, with the energyof a whirlwind, the lecturer threw out his arms to their fullest extentand roared: "it is a _fact_!
it is carven on stone in the gloomy cavernsof time.
it is writ in fire on the imperishable walls of fate!"
after the outburst, his voice sank with startling rapidity to a tone ofhoneyed confidence, and he wagged an inviting forefinger at mr.snoddy, who opened his mouth.
"shall we take an example?
not from themarvellous, my friends; let us seek an illustration from the ordinary.
is that not better?
one familiar to the humblest of us.
one we can allcomprehend.
one from our every-day life.
one which will interest eventhe young.
the common house-fly.
on a window-sill we place a bitof fly-paper, and contiguous to it, a flower upon which the happyinsect likes to feed and rest.
the little fly approaches.
see, he hoversbetween the two.
one is a fatal trap, an ambuscade, and the other asafe harbor and an innocuous haven.
but mystery allures him.
that is the present.
that, my friends, is the present!
whatwill he do?
what will he do?
what will he do?
memories of the pastare whispering to him: 'choose the flower.
light on the posy.'
here weclearly see the influence of the past upon the present.
but, to employ afigure of speech, the fly-paper beckons to the insect toothsomely, and,thinks he; 'shall i give it a try?
shall i give it a try?'
thefuture is in his own hands to make or unmake.
the past, the voice ofprovidence, has counselled him: 'leave it alone, leave it alone, littlefly.
go away from there.'
does he heed the warning?
does he heed it,ladies and gentlemen?
he springs into the air, decidesbetween the two attractions, one of them, so deadly to his interestsand--_drops upon the fly-paper to perish miserably_!
the future is inhis hands no longer.
we must lie upon the bed that we have made, nor canprovidence change its unalterable decrees."
after the tragedy, the orator took a swallow of water, mopped his browwith the figured handkerchief and announced that a new point herewithpresented itself for consideration.
the audience sank back with a gaspof release from the strain of attention.
minnie briscoe, leaning back,breathless like the others, became conscious that a tremor agitatedher visitor.
miss sherwood had bent her head behind the shelter of thejudge's broad shoulders; was shaking slightly and had covered her facewith her hands.
"what is it, helen?"
whispered miss briscoe, anxiously.
"what is it?
issomething the matter?"
she dropped her hands from her face.
hercheeks were deep crimson, and she bit her lip with determination.
"oh, but there is!
why, you've tears in your eyes.
are you faint?
"it is only--only----" miss sherwood choked, then cast a swift glance atthe profile of the melancholy young man.
the perfectly dismal decorum ofthis gentleman seemed to inspire her to maintain her own gravity.
"itis only that it seemed such a pity about that fly," she explained.
fromwhere they sat the journalistic silhouette was plainly visible, and bothfisbee and miss sherwood looked toward it often, the former with thewistful, apologetic fidelity one sees in the eyes of an old setterwatching his master.
when the lecture was over many of the audience pressed forward to shakethe hon.
mr. halloway's hand.
tom martin hooked his arm in that of thesallow gentleman and passed out with him.
"mighty humanizin' view kedge took of that there insect," remarked mr.martin.
"i don't recollect i ever heard of no mournfuller errorthan that'n.
i noticed you spoke of halloway as a 'thinker,' withoutmentioning what kind.
i didn't know, before, that you were as cautious aman as that."
"does your satire find nothing sacred, martin?"
returned the other, "noteven the honorable kedge halloway?"
"i wouldn't presume," replied old tom, "to make light of the catastrophethat overtook the heedless fly.
when halloway went on to other subjectsi was so busy picturin' the last moments of that closin' life, stuckthere in the fly-paper, i couldn't listen to him.
but there's no usedwellin' on a sorrow we can't help.
look at the moon; it's full enoughto cheer us up."
they had emerged from the court-house and paused onthe street as the stream of townsfolk divided and passed by them to takedifferent routes leading from the square.
not far away, some people weregetting into a buckboard.
fisbee and miss sherwood were already on therear seat.
"who's with him, to-night, mr.
asked judge briscoe in a lowvoice.
he is going directly to the office.
to-morrow is thursday, oneof our days of publication."
"oh, then it's all right.
climb in, minnie, we're waiting for you."
thejudge offered his hand to his daughter.
"in a moment, father," she answered.
"i'm going to ask him to call," shesaid to the other girl.
"but won't he--"miss briscoe laughed.
"he never comes to see me!"
she walked overto where martin and the young man were looking up at the moon, andaddressed the journalist.
"i've been trying to get a chance to speak to you for a week," she said,offering him her hand; "i wanted to tell you i had a friend coming tovisit me won't you come to see us?
the young man bowed.
"thank you," he answered.
"thank you, very much.
ishall be very glad."
his tone had the meaningless quality of perfunctorycourtesy; miss briscoe detected only the courtesy; but the strange ladymarked the lack of intention in his words.
"don't you include me, minnie?"
inquired mr martin, plaintively.
"i'lltry not to be too fascinatin', so as to give our young friend a show.
itwas love at first sight with me.
i give miss seliny warning soon as yourfolks come in and i got a good look at the lady."
as the buckboard drove away, miss sherwood, who had been gazingsteadfastly at the two figures still standing in the street, the tallungainly old one, and the taller, loosely-held young one (he had notturned to look at her) withdrew her eyes from them, bent them seriouslyupon fisbee, and asked: "what did you mean when you said no one was withhim to-night?"
"that no one was watching him," he answered.
i don't understand."
"yes; he has been shot at from the woods at night and----"the girl shivered.
"but who watches him?"
"the young men of the town.
he has a habit of taking long walks afterdark, and he is heedless of all remonstrance.
he laughs at the ideaof curtailing the limit of his strolls or keeping within the town whennight has fallen; so the young men have organized a guard for him, andevery evening one of them follows him until he goes to the office towork for the night.
it is a different young man every evening, and thewatcher follows at a distance so that he does not suspect."
"but how many people know of this arrangement?"
"nearly every one in the county except the cross-roads people, though itis not improbable that they have discovered it."
"and has no one told him""no; it would annoy him; he would not allow it to continue.
he will noteven arm himself."
"they follow and watch him night after night, and every one knows and noone tells him?
oh, i must say," cried the girl, "i think these are goodpeople."
the stalwart old man on the front seat shook out the reins and whinedthe whip over his roans' backs.
"they are the people of your state andmine.
miss sherwood," he said in his hearty voice, "the best people ingod's world--and i'm not running for congress, either!"
"but how about the six-cross-roads people, father?"
"we'll wipe them clean out some day," answered her father--"possiblyjudicially, possibly----""surely judiciously?"
suggested miss sherwood.
"if you care to see what a bad settlement looks like, we'll drivethrough there to-morrow--by daylight," said briscoe.
"even the doctordoesn't insist on being in that neighborhood after dark.
they are tryingtheir best to get harkless, and if they do----""if they do!"
repeated miss sherwood.
she clasped fisbee's hand gently.
his eyes shone and he touched her fingers with a strange, shy reverence.
"you will meet him to-morrow," he said.
she laughed and pressed his hand.
"i'm afraid not.
he wasn't eveninterested enough to look at me."
when the rusty hands of the office clock marked half-past four, theeditor-in-chief of the "carlow county herald" took his hand out of hishair, wiped his pen on his last notice from the white-caps, put on hiscoat, swept out the close little entry, and left the sanctum for thebright june afternoon.
he chose the way to the west, strolling thoughtfully out of town by thewhite, hot, deserted main street, and thence onward by the countryroad into which its proud half-mile of old brick store buildings,tumbled-down frame shops and thinly painted cottages degenerated.
thesun was in his face, where the road ran between the summer fields, lyingwaveless, low, gracious in promise; but, coming to a wood of hickory andbeech and walnut that stood beyond, he might turn his down-bent-hat-brimup and hold his head erect.
here the shade fell deep and cool on thegreen tangle of rag and iron weed and long grass in the corners of thesnake fence, although the sun beat upon the road so dose beside.
therewas no movement in the crisp young leaves overhead; high in the boughsthere was a quick flirt of crimson where two robins hopped noiselessly.
no insect raised resentment of the lonesomeness: the late afternoon,when the air is quite still, had come; yet there rested--somewhere--onthe quiet day, a faint, pleasant, woody smell.
it came to the editor ofthe "herald" as he climbed to the top rail of the fence for a seat,and he drew a long, deep breath to get the elusive odor moreluxuriously--and then it was gone altogether.
"a habit of delicacies," he said aloud, addressing the wide silencecomplainingly.
he drew a faded tobacco-bag and a brier pipe from hiscoat pocket and filled and lit the pipe.
"one taste--and they quit," hefinished, gazing solemnly upon the shining little town down the road.
he twirled the pouch mechanically about his finger, and then, suddenlyregarding it, patted it caressingly.
it had been a giddy little bag,long ago, satin, and gay with embroidery in the colors of the editor'suniversity; and although now it was frayed to the verge of tatters, itstill bore an air of pristine jauntiness, an air of which its owner inno wise partook.
he looked from it over the fields toward the town inthe clear distance and sighed softly as he put the pouch back in hispocket, and, resting his arm on his knee and his chin in his hand, satblowing clouds of smoke out of the shade into the sunshine, absentlywatching the ghostly shadows dance on the white dust of the road.
a little garter snake crept under the fence beneath him and disappearedin the underbrush; a rabbit progressing timidly on his travels by aseries of brilliant dashes and terror-smitten halts, came within a fewyards of him, sat up with quivering nose and eyes alight with fearfulimaginings--vanished, a flash of fluffy brown and white.
shadows grewlonger; the brier pipe sputtered feebly in depletion and was refilled.
acricket chirped and heard answer; there was a woodland stir of breezes;and the pair of robins left the branches overhead in eager flight,vacating before the arrival of a great flock of blackbirds hasteningthither ere the eventide should be upon them.
the blackbirds came,chattered, gossiped, quarrelled, and beat each other with their wingsabove the smoker sitting on the top fence rail.
but he had remembered--it was commencement.
to-day, a thousand miles tothe east, a company of grave young gentlemen sat in semi-circular rowsbefore a central altar, while above them rose many tiers of mothers andsisters and sweethearts, listening to the final word.
he could see itall very clearly: the lines of freshly shaven, boyish faces, the daintygowns, the flowers and bright eyes above, and the light that filteredin through stained glass to fall softly over them all, with, here andthere, a vivid splash of color, gothic shaped.
he could see the throngsof white-clad loungers under the elms without, under-classmen, bored bythe latin addresses and escaped to the sward and breeze of the campus;there were the troops of roistering graduates trotting about arm in arm,and singing; he heard the mandolins on the little balconies play an oldrefrain and the university cheering afterward; saw the old professor hehad cared for most of all, with the thin white hair straggling over hissilken hood, following the band in the sparse ranks of his class.
and hesaw his own commencement day--and the station at the junction where hestood the morning after, looking across the valley at the old towersfor the last time; saw the broken groups of his class, standing upon theplatform on the other side of the tracks, waiting for the south-boundtrain as he and others waited for the north-bound--and they all sang"should auld acquaintance be forgot;" and, while they looked across ateach other, singing, the shining rails between them wavered and blurredas the engine rushed in and separated them and their lives thenceforth.
he filled his pipe again and spoke to the phantoms gliding over thedust--"seven years!"
he was occupied with the realization that there hadbeen a man in his class whose ambition needed no restraint, his promisewas so complete--in the strong belief of the university, a beliefhe could not help knowing--and that seven years to a day from hiscommencement this man was sitting on a fence rail in indiana.
down the road a buggy came creaking toward him, gray with dust, the topcanted permanently to one side, old and frayed, like the fat, shaggy,gray mare that drew it; her unchecked, despondent head lowering beforeher, while her incongruous tail waved incessantly, like the banner of astorming party.
the editor did not hear the flop of the mare's feet northe sound of the wheels, so deep was his reverie, till the vehicle wasnearly opposite him.
the red-faced and perspiring driver drew rein, andthe journalist looked up and waved a long white hand to him in greeting.
"howdy' do, mr.
called the man in the buggy.
"soakin' in theweather?"
he spoke in shouts, though neither was hard of hearing.
"yes; just soaking," answered harkless; "it's such a gypsy day.
"i'm givin' good satisfaction, thankye, and all at home.
she's in town;goin' in after her now."
"give mrs. bowlder my regards," said the journalist, comprehending thesymbolism.
"how is hartley?"
the farmer's honest face shaded over, a second.
"he's be'n steady eversence the night you brought him out home; six weeks straight.
i'm kindof bothered about to-morrow--it's show-day and he wants to come in townwith us, and seems if i hadn't any call to say no.
i reckon he'll haveto take his chances--and us, too."
he raised the reins and clucked tothe gray mare; "well, she'll be mad i ain't there long ago.
ride in withme?"
"no, i thank you.
i'll walk in for the sake of my appetite."
"wouldn't encourage it _too_ much--livin' at the palace hotel,'"observed bowlder.
"sorry ye won't ride."
he gathered the loose ends ofthe reins in his hands, leaned far over the dashboard and struck themare a hearty thwack; the tattered banner of tail jerked indignantly,but she consented to move down the road.
bowlder thrust his big headthrough the sun-curtain behind him and continued the conversation: "seethe white-caps ain't got ye yet."
"no, not yet."
"reckon the boys 'druther ye stayed in town after dark," the othercalled back; then, as the mare stumbled into a trot, "well, come out andsee us--if ye kin spare time from the jedge's."
the latter clause seemedto be an afterthought intended with humor, for bowlder accompanied itwith the loud laughter of sylvan timidity, risking a joke.
harklessnodded without the least apprehension of his meaning, and waved farewellas bowlder finally turned his attention to the mare.
when the flop,flop of her hoofs had died out, the journalist realized that the day wassilent no longer; it was verging into evening.
he dropped from the fence and turned his face toward town and supper.
hefelt the light and life about him; heard the clatter of the blackbirdsabove him; heard the homing bees hum by, and saw the vista of white roadand level landscape, framed on two sides by the branches of the grove,a vista of infinitely stretching fields of green, lined here and therewith woodlands and flat to the horizon line, the village lying in theirlap.
no roll of meadow, no rise of pasture land, relieved their serenitynor shouldered up from them to be called a hill.
a second great flock ofblackbirds was settling down over the plattville maples.
as they hungin the fair dome of the sky below the few white clouds, it occurred toharkless that some supping god had inadvertently peppered his custard,and now inverted and emptied his gigantic blue dish upon the earth,the innumerable little black dots seeming to poise for a moment, thenfloating slowly down from the heights.
a farm-bell rang in the distance, a tinkling coming small and mellowfrom far away, and at the lonesomeness of that sound he heaved a long,mournful sigh.
the next instant he broke into laughter, for another bellrang over the fields, the court-house bell in the square.
the firstfour strokes were given with mechanical regularity, the pride ofthe custodian who operated the bell being to produce the effect of aclock-work bell such as he had once heard in the court-house at rouen;but the fifth and sixth strokes were halting achievements, as, afterfour o'clock, he often lost count on the strain of the effort forprecise imitation.
there was a pause after the sixth, then a dubious andreluctant stroke--seven--a longer pause, followed by a final ring withdesperate decision--eight!
harkless looked at his watch; it was twentyminutes of six.
as he crossed the court-house yard to the palace hotel, he stopped toexchange a word with the bell-ringer, who, seated on the steps, wasmopping his brow with an air of hard-earned satisfaction.
"good-evening, schofields'," he said.
"you came in strong on the laststroke, to-night."
"what we need here," responded the bell-ringer, "is more public-spiritedmen.
i ain't kickin' on you, mr. harkless, no sir; but we want more menlike they got in rouen; we want men that'll git main street paved withblock or asphalt; men that'll put in factories, men that'll act and notset round like that ole fool martin and laugh and polly-woggle and makefun of public sperrit, day in and out.
i reckon i do my best for thecity."
"oh, nobody minds tom martin," answered harkless.
"it's only half thetime he means anything by what he says."
"that's jest what i hate about him," returned the bell-ringer in a toneof high complaint; "you can't never tell which half it is.
look at himnow!"
over in front of the hotel martin was standing, talking to the rowof coatless loungers who sat with their chairs tilted back against theprops of the wooden awning that projected over the sidewalk.
their faceswere turned toward the court-house, and even those lost in meditativewhittling had looked up to laugh.
martin, his hands in the pockets ofhis alpaca coat, his rusty silk hat tilted forward till the wide brimrested almost on the bridge of his nose, was addressing them in hisone-keyed voice, the melancholy whine of which, though not the words,penetrated to the court-house steps.
the bell-ringer, whose name was henry schofield, but who was known asschofield's henry (popularly abbreviated to schofields') was moved toindignation.
"look at him," he cried.
"look at him!
everlastingly goin'on about my bell!
let him talk, jest let him talk."
the supper gongboomed inside the hotel and harkless bade the bell-ringer good-night.
ashe moved away the latter called after him: "he don't disturb nobody.
who pays any 'tention to him i'd like to know?"
there was aburst of laughter from the whittlers.
schofields' sat in patient silencefor a full minute, as one who knew that no official is too lofty toescape the anathemas of envy.
then he sprang to his feet and shook hisfist at martin, who was disappearing within the door of the hotel.
the dining-room of the palace hotel was a large, airy apartment,rustling with artistically perforated and slashed pink paper that hungeverywhere, at this season of the year, to lend festal effect as well asto palliate the scourge of flies.
there were six or seven large tables,all vacant except that at which columbus landis, the landlord, sat withhis guests, while his wife and children ate in the kitchen by their ownpreference.
transient trade was light in plattville; nobody ever camethere, except occasional commercial travellers who got out of town theinstant it was possible, and who said awful things if, by the exigenciesof the railway time-table, they were left over night.
behind the host's chair stood a red-haired girl in a blue cotton gown;and in her hand she languidly waved a long instrument made of clusteredstrips of green and white and yellow tissue paper fastened to a woodenwand; with this she amiably amused the flies except at such times as theconversation proved too interesting, when she was apt to rest it on theshoulder of one of the guests.
this happened each time the editor ofthe "herald" joined in the talk.
as the men seated themselves they allnodded to her and said, "g'd evening, cynthy."
harkless always calledher charmion; no one knew why.
when he came in she moved around thetable to a chair directly opposite him, and held that station throughoutthe meal, with her eyes fixed on his face.
mr. martin noted thismanoeuvre--it occurred regularly twice a day--with a stealthy smile atthe girl, and her light skin flushed while her lip curled shrewishlyat the old gentleman.
"oh, all right, cynthy," he whispered to her, andchuckled aloud at her angry toss of the head.
"schofields' seemed to be kind of put out with me this evening,"he remarked, addressing himself to the company.
"he's the mostungratefullest cuss i ever come up with.
i was only oratin' on howproud the city ought to be of him.
he fairly keeps plattville's sportin'spirit on the gog; 'die out, wasn't for him.
there's be'n more moneylaid on him whether he'll strike over and above the hour, or under andbelow, or whether he'll strike fifteen minutes before time, or twentyafter, than--well, sir, we'd all forgit the language if it wasn't forschofields' bell to keep us talkin'; that's _my_ claim.
dull days, thinkof the talk he furnishes all over town.
think what he's done to promoteconversation.
now, for instance, anna belle bardlock's got a beau, theysay"--here old tom tilted back in his chair and turned an innocent eyeupon a youth across the table, young william todd, who was blushing overhis griddle-cakes--"and i hear he's a good deal scared of anna belle andnot just what you might call brash with her.
they say every sunday nighthe'll go up to bardlocks' and call on anna belle from half-past six tillnine, and when he's got into his chair he sets and looks at the floorand the crayon portraits till about seven; then he opens his tremblin'lips and says, 'reckon schofields' must be on his way to the court-houseby this time.'
and about an hour later, when schofields' hits fouror five, he'll speak up again, 'say, i reckon he means eight.'
'longtowards nine o'clock, they say he skews around in his chair and says,'wonder if he'll strike before time or after,' and anna belle answersout loud, 'i hope after,' for politeness; but in her soul she says, 'ipray before'; and then schofields' hits her up for eighteen or twenty,and anna belle's company reaches for his hat.
three sundays ago heturned around before he went out and said, 'do you like apple-butter?'
but never waited to find out.
it's the same programme every sundayevening, and jim bardlock says anna belle's so worn out you wouldn'thardly know her for the blithe creature she was last year--theexcitement's be'n too much for her!"
poor william todd bent his fiery face over the table and suffered thegeneral snicker in helpless silence.
then there was quiet for a space,broken only by the click of knives against the heavy china and theindolent rustle of cynthia's fly-brush.
"town so still," observed the landlord, finally, with a complacentglance at the dessert course of prunes to which his guests were helpingthemselves from a central reservoir, "town so still, hardly seems likeshow-day's come round again.
yet there's be'n some shore signs lately:when my shavers come honeyin' up with, 'say, pa, ain't they no urrandsi can go for ye, pa?
i like to run 'em for you, pa,'--'relse, 'oh, pa,ain't they no water i can haul, or nothin', pa?'
--'relse, as littlerosina t. says, this morning, 'pa, i always pray fer _you_ pa,' andpa this and pa that-you can rely either christmas or show-day's mightyclose."
william todd, taking occasion to prove himself recovered from confusion,remarked casually that there was another token of the near approach ofthe circus, as ole wilkerson was drunk again.
"there's a man!"
exclaimed mr. martin with enthusiasm.
"there'sthe feller for _my_ money!
he does his duty as a citizen morediscriminatin'ly on public occasions than any man i ever see.
there'swilkerson's celebration when there's a funeral; look at the differencebetween it and on fourth of july.
why, sir, it's as melancholy as ahearse-plume, and sympathy ain't the word for it when he looks at theremains, no sir; preacher nor undertaker, either, ain't _half_ as blueand respectful.
then take his circus spree.
he come into the store thisafternoon, head up, marchin' like a grenadier and shootin' his hand outbefore his face and drawin' it back again, and hollering out, 'ta, ta,ta-ra-ta, ta, ta-ta-ra'--why, the dumbest man ever lived could see ina minute show's 'comin' to-morrow and wilkerson's playin' the trombone.
then he'd snort and goggle like an elephant.
got the biggest sense ofappropriateness of any man in the county, wilkerson has.
folks don'thalf appreciate him."
as each boarder finished his meal he raided the glass of woodentoothpicks and went away with no standing on the order of his going;but martin waited for harkless, who, not having attended to business soconcisely as the others, was the last to leave the table, and they stoodfor a moment under the awning outside, lighting their cigars.
"call on the judge, to-night?"
"no," said harkless.
"didn't you see the lady with minnie and the judge at the lecture?"
"i caught a glimpse of her.
that's what bowlder meant, then."
"i don't know what bowlder meant, but i guess you better go out there,young man.
she might not stay here long."
the briscoe buckboard rattled along the elastic country-road, the roanssetting a sharp pace as they turned eastward on the pike toward home andsupper.
"they'll make the eight miles in three-quarters of an hour," said thejudge, proudly.
he pointed ahead with his whip.
"just beyond that bendwe pass through six-cross-roads."
miss sherwood leaned forward eagerly.
"can we see 'mr.
wimby's' housefrom here?"
"no, it's on the other side, nearer town; we pass it later.
it's theonly respectable-looking house in this township."
they reached the turnof the road, and the judge touched up his colts to a sharper gait.
"noneed of dallying," he observed quietly.
"it always makes me a littlesick just to see the place.
i'd hate to have a break-down here."
they came in sight of a squalid settlement, built raggedly about ablacksmith's shop and a saloon.
half-a-dozen shanties clustered near theforge, a few roofs scattered through the shiftlessly cultivated fields,four or five barns propped by fence-rails, some sheds with gapingapertures through which the light glanced from side to side, a squad ofthin, "razor-back" hogs--now and then worried by gaunt hounds--andsome abused-looking hens, groping about disconsolately in the mire, abroken-topped buggy with a twisted wheel settling into the mud of themiddle of the road (there was always abundant mud, here, in the dryestsummer), a lowering face sneering from a broken window--six-cross-roadswas forbidding and forlorn enough by day.
the thought of whatmight issue from it by night was unpleasant, and the legends of thecross-roads, together with an unshapen threat, easily fancied in theatmosphere of the place, made miss sherwood shiver as though a colddraught had crossed her.
"it is so sinister!"
"and so unspeakably mean!
this iswhere they live, the people who hate him, is it?
"they are just a lot of rowdies," replied briscoe.
"you have your roughcorners in big cities, and i expect there are mighty few parts of anycountry that don't have their tough neighborhoods, only six-cross-roadshappens to be worse than most.
they choose to call themselves'white-caps,' but i guess it's just a name they like to give themselves.
usually white-caps are a vigilance committee going after rascalities thelaw doesn't reach, or won't reach, but these fellows are not that kind.
they got together to wipe out their grudges--and sometimes they didn'tneed any grudge and let loose their deviltries just for pure orneriness;setting haystacks afire and such like; or, where a farmer had offendedthem, they would put on their silly toggery and take him out at midnightand whip him and plunder his house and chase the horses and cattle intohis corn, maybe.
they say the women went with them on their raids."
"and he was the first to try to stop them?"
"well, you see our folks are pretty long-suffering," briscoe replied,apologetically.
"we'd sort of got used to the meanness of thecross-roads.
it took a stranger to stir things up--and he did.
he senteight of 'em to the penitentiary, some for twenty years."
as they passed the saloon a man stepped into the doorway and looked atthem.
he was coatless and clad in garments worn to the color of dust;his bare head was curiously malformed, higher on one side than on theother, and though the buckboard passed rapidly, and at a distance, thissingular lopsidedness was plainly visible to the occupants, lending anugly significance to his meagre, yellow face.
he was tall, lean, hard,powerfully built.
he eyed the strangers with affected languor, and then,when they had gone by, broke into sudden, loud laughter.
"that was bob skillett, the worst of the lot," said the judge.
"harklesssent his son and one brother to prison, and it nearly broke his heartthat he couldn't swear to bob."
when they were beyond the village and in the open road again.
misssherwood took a deep breath.
"i think i breathe more freely," she said.
"that was a hideous laugh he sent after us.
i had heard of placeslike this before--and i don't think i care to see many of them.
as iunderstand it, six-cross-roads is entirely vicious, isn't it; and bearsthe same relation to the country that the slums do to a city?'"
"that's about it.
they make their own whiskey.
i presume; and they havetheir own fights amongst themselves, but they settle 'em themselves,too, and keep their own counsel and hush it up.
lige willetts, minnie'sfriend--i guess she's told you about lige?--well, lige willetts will goanywhere when he's following a covey, though mostly the boys leave thispart of the country alone when they're hunting; but lige got intoa thicket back of the forge one morning, and he came on a crowd ofbuzzards quarrelling over a heap on the ground, and he got out in ahurry.
he said he was sure it was a dog; but he ran almost all the wayto plattville."
exclaimed his daughter, leaning from the back seat.
"don'ttell such stories to helen; she'll think we're horrible, and you'llfrighten her, too."
"well, it isn't exactly a lady's story," said the judge.
he glanced athis guest's face and chuckled.
"i guess we won't frighten her much," hewent on.
"young lady, i don't believe you'd be afraid of many things,would you?
you don't look like it.
besides, the cross-roads isn'tplattville, and the white-caps have been too scared to do anything much,except try to get even with the 'herald,' for the last two years; eversince it went for them.
they're laying for harkless partly for revengeand partly because they daren't do anything until he's out of the way."
the girl gave a low cry with a sharp intake of breath.
one growstired of this everlasting american patience!
why don't the plattvillepeople do something before they----""it's just as i say," briscoe answered; "our folks are sort of used tothem.
i expect we do about all we can; the boys look after him nights,and the main trouble is that we can't make him understand he ought tobe more afraid of them.
if he'd lived here all his life he would be.
you know there's an old-time feud between the cross-roads and our folks;goes way back into pioneer history and mighty few know anything of it.
old william platt and the forefathers of the bardlocks and tibbses andbriscoes and schofields moved up here from north carolina a gooddeal just to get away from some bad neighbors, mostly skilletts andjohnsons--one of the skilletts had killed old william platt's two sons.
but the skilletts and johnsons followed all the way to indiana to joinin making the new settlement, and they shot platt at his cabin doorone night, right where the court-house stands to-day.
then the othersettlers drove them out for good, and they went seven miles west and setup a still.
a band of indians, on the way to join the shawnee prophet attippecanoe, came down on the cross-roads, and the cross-roaders boughtthem off with bad whiskey and sent them over to plattville.
nearly allthe plattville men were away, fighting under harrison, and when theycame back there were only a few half-crazy women and children left.
they'd hid in the woods.
"the men stopped just long enough to hear how it was, and started forthe cross-roads; but the cross-roads people caught them in an ambush andnot many of our folks got back.
"we really never did get even with them, though all the early settlerslived and died still expecting to see the day when plattville would goover and pay off the score.
it's the same now as it was then, good stockwith us, bad stock over here; and all the country riff-raff in creationcome and live with 'em when other places get too hot to hold them.
onlyone or two of us old folks know what the original trouble was about; butyou ask a plattville man, to-day, what he thinks of the cross-roads andhe'll be mighty apt to say, 'i guess we'll all have to go over theresome time and wipe those hoodlums out.'
it's been coming to that a longtime.
the work the 'herald' did has come nearer bringing us even withsix-cross-roads than anything else ever has.
queer, too--a man that'sonly lived in plattville a few years to be settling such an old scorefor us.
they'll do their best to get him, and if they do there'll betrouble of an illegal nature.
i think our people would go over thereagain, but i expect there wouldn't be any ambush this time; and thepioneers, might rest easier in--" he broke off suddenly and nodded to alittle old man in a buckboard, who was turning off from the road into afarm lane which led up to a trim cottage with a honeysuckle vine by thedoor.
"that's mrs. wimby's husband," said the judge in an undertone.
miss sherwood observed that "mrs. wimby's husband" was remarkable forthe exceeding plaintiveness of his expression.
he was a weazened, blank,pale-eyed little man, with a thin, white mist of neck whisker; his coatwas so large for him that the sleeves were rolled up from his wristswith several turns, and, as he climbed painfully to the ground to openthe gate of the lane, it needed no perspicuous eye to perceive that histrousers had been made for a much larger man, for, as his uncertain footleft the step of his vehicle, one baggy leg of the garment fell downover his foot, completely concealing his boot and hanging some inchesbeneath.
a faintly vexed expression crossed his face as he endeavoredto arrange the disorder, but he looked up and returned briscoe's bow,sadly, with an air of explaining that he was accustomed to trouble, andthat the trousers had behaved no worse than he expected.
no more inoffensive or harmless figure than this feeble little old mancould be imagined; yet his was the distinction of having received aterrible visit from his neighbors of the cross-roads.
mrs. wimby was awidow, who owned a comfortable farm, and she had refused every offerof the neighboring ill-eligible bachelors to share it.
however, avagabonding tinker won her heart, and after their marriage she continuedto be known as "mrs. wimby"; for so complete was the bridegroom'sinsignificance that it extended to his name, which proved quiteunrememberable, and he was usually called "widder-woman wimby'shusband," or, more simply, "mr.
the bride supplied the needs ofhis wardrobe with the garments of her former husband, and, alleging thisproceeding as the cause of their anger, the cross-roads raiders, cladas "white-caps," broke into the farmhouse one night, looted it, tore theold man from his bed, and compelling his wife, who was tenderly devotedto him, to watch, they lashed him with sapling shoots till he was nearto death.
a little yellow cur, that had followed his master on hiswanderings, was found licking the old man's wounds, and they deluged thedog with kerosene and then threw the poor animal upon a bonfire they hadmade, and danced around it in heartiest enjoyment.
the man recovered, but that was no palliation of the offense to themind of a hot-eyed young man from the east, who was besieging the countyauthorities for redress and writing brimstone and saltpetre forhis paper.
the powers of the county proving either lackadaisical ortimorous, he appealed to those of the state, and he went every night tosleep at a farmhouse, the owner of which had received a warning fromthe "white-caps."
and one night it befell that he was rewarded, for theraiders attempted an entrance.
he and the farmer and the former'ssons beat off the marauders and did a satisfactory amount of damage inreturn.
two of the "white-caps" they captured and bound, and others theyrecognized.
then the state authorities hearkened to the voice of the"herald" and its owner; there were arrests, and in the course of timethere was a trial.
every prisoner proved an alibi, could have proved adozen; but the editor of the "herald," after virtually conducting theprosecution, went upon the stand and swore to man after man.
eight menwent to the penitentiary on his evidence, five of them for twenty years.
the plattville brass band serenaded the editor of the "herald" again.
there were no more raids, and the six-cross-roads men who were left keptto their hovels, appalled and shaken, but, as time went by and left themunmolested, they recovered a measure of their hardiness and began tothink on what they should do to the man who had brought misfortuneand terror upon them.
for a long time he had been publishing theirthreatening letters and warnings in a column which he headed: "humor ofthe day."
"harkless don't understand the cross-roads," briscoe said to misssherwood as they left the wimby farm behind; "and then he's like mostof us; hardly any of us realizes that harm's ever going to come to _us_.
harkless was anxious enough about other people, but----"the young lady interrupted him, touching his arm.
she said,"didn't you see a child, a little girl, ahead of us on the road?"
"i noticed one a minute ago, but she's not there now," answered briscoe.
"there was a child walking along the road just ahead, but she turned andsaw us coming, and she disappeared in the most curious way; she seemedto melt into the weeds at the roadside, across from the elder-bushyonder."
the judge pulled in the horses by the elder-bush.
"no child here, now,"he said, "but you're right; there certainly was one, just beforeyou spoke."
the young corn was low in the fields, and there was nohiding-place in sight.
"i'm very superstitious; i am sure it was an imp," miss sherwood said.
"an imp or a very large chameleon; she was exactly the color of theroad."
"a cross-roads imp," said the judge, lifting the reins, "and in thatcase we might as well give up.
i never set up to be a match for thosepeople, and the children are as mean as their fathers, and smarter."
when the buckboard had rattled on a hundred yards or so, a little figureclad in a tattered cotton gown rose up from the weeds, not ten feet fromwhere the judge had drawn rein, and continued its march down the roadtoward plattville, capering in the dust and pursuing the buckboard withmalignant gestures till the clatter of the horses was out of hearing,the vehicle out of sight.
something over two hours later, as mr. martin was putting things torights in his domain, the dry-goods emporium, previous to his departurefor the evening's gossip and checkers at the drug-store, he stumbledover something soft, lying on the floor behind a counter.
the thingrose, and would have evaded him, but he put out his hands and pinionedit and dragged it to the show-window where the light of the fadingday defined his capture.
the capture shrieked and squirmed and foughtearnestly.
grasped by the shoulder he held a lean, fierce-eyed,undersized girl of fourteen, clad in one ragged cotton garment, unlessthe coat of dust she wore over all may be esteemed another.
her cheekswere sallow, and her brow was already shrewdly lined, and her eyes wereas hypocritical as they were savage.
she was very thin and little, butold tom's brown face grew a shade nearer white when the light fell uponher.
"you're no plattville girl," he said sharply.
cried the child.
you leave me go, will you?
i'm lookin' fer pap and you're a liar!"
"you crawled in here to sleep, after your seven-mile walk, didn't you?"
martin went on.
"you're a liar," she screamed again.
"look here," said martin, slowly, "you go back to six-cross-roads andtell your folks that if anything happens to a hair of mr. harkless'shead every shanty in your town will burn, and your grandfather andyour father and your uncles and your brothers and your cousins and yoursecond-cousins and your third-cousins will never have the good luck tosee the penitentiary.
reckon you can remember that message?
but beforei let you go to carry it, i guess you might as well hand out the paperthey sent you over here with."
his prisoner fell into a paroxysm of rage, and struck at him.
"i'll git pap to kill ye," she shrieked.
"i don' know nothin' 'bout yersix-cross-roads, ner no papers, ner yer dam mister harkels neither, ner_you_, ye razor-backed ole devil!
pap'll kill ye; leave me go--leaveme _go_!--pap'll kill ye; i'll git him to _kill_ ye!"
suddenly herstruggles ceased; her eyes closed; her tense little muscles relaxed andshe drooped toward the floor; the old man shifted his grip to supporther, and in an instant she twisted out of his hands and sprang out ofreach, her eyes shining with triumph and venom.
"ya-hay, mister razor-back!"
"how's that fer hi?
pap'llkill ye, sunday.
you'll be screechin' in hell in a week, an' we 'ull setup an' drink our apple-jack an' laff!"
martin pursued her lumberingly,but she was agile as a monkey, and ran dodging up and down the countersand mocked him, singing "gran' mammy tipsy-toe," till at last she tiredof the game and darted out of the door, flinging back a hoarse laugh athim as she went.
he followed; but when he reached the street she wasa mere shadow flitting under the courthouse trees.
he looked after herforebodingly, then turned his eyes toward the palace hotel.
the editorof the "herald" was seated under the awning, with his chair tilted backagainst a post, gazing dreamily at the murky red afterglow in the west.
"what's the use of tryin' to bother him with it?"
old tom asked himself.
"he'd only laugh."
he noted that young william todd sat near the editor,whittling absently.
"william's turn to-night," hemuttered.
"well, the boys take mighty good care of him."
he locked thedoors of the emporium, tried them, and dropped the keys in his pocket.
as he crossed the square to the drug-store, where his cronies awaitedhim, he turned again to look at the figure of the musing journalist.
"ihope he'll go out to the judge's," he said, and shook his head, sadly.
"i don't reckon plattville's any too spry for that young man.
five yearshe's be'n here.
well, it's a good thing for us folks, but i guess itain't exactly high-life for him."
he kicked a stick out of his wayimpatiently.
"now, where'd that imp run to?"
the imp was lying under the court-house steps.
when the sound ofmartin's footsteps had passed away, she crept cautiously from herhiding-place and stole through the ungroomed grass to the fence oppositethe hotel.
here she stretched herself flat in the weeds and took fromunderneath the tangled masses of her hair, where it was tied with astring, a rolled-up, crumpled slip of greasy paper.
with this inher fingers, she lay peering under the fence, her fierce eyes fixedunwinkingly on harkless and the youth sitting near him.
the street ran flat and gray in the slowly gathering dusk, straightto the western horizon where the sunset embers were strewn in long,dark-red streaks; the maple trees were clean-cut silhouettes against thepale rose and pearl tints of the sky above, and a tenderness seemed totremble in the air.
harkless often vowed to himself he would watch nomore sunsets in plattville; he realized that their loveliness lent atoo unhappy tone to the imaginings and introspections upon which he wasthrown by the loneliness of the environment, and he considered that hehad too much time in which to think about himself.
for five yearshis introspections had monotonously hurled one word at him: "failure;failure!
he thought the sunsets were making him morbid.
couldhe have shared them, that would have been different.
his long, melancholy face grew longer and more melancholy in thetwilight, while william todd patiently whittled near by.
plattvillehad often discussed the editor's habit of silence, and mr. martin hadsuggested that possibly the reason mr. harkless was such a quiet man wasthat there was nobody for him to talk to.
his hearers did not agree, forthe population of carlow county was a thing of pride, being greaterthan that of several bordering counties.
they did agree, however, thatharkless's quiet was not unkind, whatever its cause, and that when itwas broken it was usually broken to conspicuous effect.
perhaps it wasbecause he wrote so much that he hated to talk.
a bent figure came slowly down the street, and william hailed itcheerfully: "evening, mr.
"a good evening, mr. todd," answered the old man, pausing.
"ah, mr.harkless, i was looking for you."
he had not seemed to be looking foranything beyond the boundaries of his own dreams, but he approachedharkless, tugging nervously at some papers in his pocket.
"i havecompleted my notes for our saturday edition.
it was quite easy; there ismuch doing."
"thank you, mr. fisbee," said harkless, as he took the manuscript.
"haveyou finished your paper on the earlier christian symbolism?
i hope the'herald' may have the honor of printing it."
this was the form theyused.
"i shall be the recipient of honor, sir," returned fisbee.
"your kindoffer will speed my work; but i fear, mr. harkless, i very much fear,that your kindness alone prompts it, for, deeply as i desire it,i cannot truthfully say that my essays appear to increase ourcirculation."
he made an odd, troubled gesture as he went on: "they donot seem to read them here, mr. harkless, although mr. martin assures methat he carefully peruses my article on chaldean decoration whenever herearranges his exhibition windows, and i bear in mind the clipping froma rouen paper you showed me, commenting generously upon the scholarshipof the 'herald.'
but for fifteen years i have tried to improve the artfeeling in plattville, and i may say that i have worked in the faceof no small discouragement.
in fact," (there was a slight quaver infisbee's voice), "i cannot remember that i ever received the slightestword or token of encouragement till you came, mr. harkless.
since theni have labored with refreshed energy; still, i cannot claim that ourarchitecture shows a change for the better, and i fear the engravingsupon the walls of our people exhibit no great progress in selection.
and--i--i wish also to say, mr. harkless, if you find it necessary tomake some alterations in the form of my reportorial items for saturday'sissue, i shall perfectly understand, remembering your explanation thatjournalism demands it.
good-evening, mr. harkless.
he plodded on a few paces, then turned, irresolutely.
"what is it, fisbee?"
fisbee stood for a moment, as though about to speak, then he smiledfaintly, shook his head, and went his way.
harkless stared after him,surprised.
it suddenly struck him, with a feeling of irritation, thatif fisbee had spoken it would have been to advise him to call at judgebriscoe's.
he laughed impatiently at the notion, and, drawing his penciland a pad from his pocket, proceeded to injure his eyes in the waningtwilight by the editorial perusal of the items his staff had justleft in his hands.
when published, the manuscript came under a flaringheading, bequeathed by harkless's predecessor in the chair of the"herald," and the alteration of which he felt plattville would refuse tosanction: "happenings of our city."
below, was printed in smaller type:"improvements in the world of business," and, beneath that, came therubric: "also, the cradle, the altar, and the tomb."
the first of fisbee's items was thus recorded: "it may be noted thatthe new sign-board of mr. h. miller has been put in place.
we cannot butregret that mr. miller did not instruct the painter to confine himselfto a simpler method of lettering."
"ah, fisbee," murmured the editor, reproachfully, "that new sign-boardis almost the only improvement in the world of business plattville hasseen this year.
i wonder how many times we have used it from the first,'it is rumored in business circles that herve miller contemplates'--tothe exciting, 'under way,' and, 'finishing touches.'
my poor whiteknight, are five years of training wasted on you?
sometimes you make mefear it.
here is plattville panting for our story of the hanging ofthe sign, and you throw away the climax like that!"
he began to writerapidly, bending low over the pad in the half darkness.
his narrativewas an amplification of the interesting information (already possessedby every inhabitant) that herve miller had put up a new sign.
after aparagraph of handsome description, "herve is always enterprising," wrotethe editor.
"this is a move in the right direction.
herve, keep it up."
he glanced over the other items meditatively, making alterations hereand there.
the last two fisbee had written as follows:"there is noticeable in the new (and somewhat incongruous) porticoerected by solomon tibbs at the residence of mr. henry tibbs willetts,an attempt at rococo decoration which cannot fail to sadden thepasser-by."
"miss sherwood of rouen, whom miss briscoe knew at the misses jennings'finishing-school in new york, is a guest of judge briscoe's household."
fisbee's items were written in ink; and there was a blank space beneaththe last.
at the bottom of the page something had been scribbled inpencil.
harkless tried vainly to decipher it, but the twilight hadfallen too deep, and the writing was too faint, so he struck a matchand held it close to the paper.
the action betokened only a languidinterest, but when he caught sight of the first of the four subscribedlines he sat up straight in his chair with an ejaculation.
at the bottomof fisbee's page was written in a dainty, feminine hand, of a type hehad not seen for years:          "'the time has come,' the walrus said,             'to talk of many things:           of shoes--and ships--and sealing-wax--             and cabbages--and kings--'"he put the paper in his pocket, and set off rapidly down the villagestreet.
at his departure william todd looked up quickly; then he got upon hisfeet and quietly followed the editor.
in the dusk a tattered littlefigure rose up from the weeds across the way, and stole noiselesslyafter william.
he was in his shirt-sleeves, his waistcoat unbuttoned andloose.
on the nearest corner mr. todd encountered a fellow-townsman,who had been pacing up and down in front of a cottage, crooning to aprotestive baby held in his arms.
he had paused in his vigil to stareafter harkless.
"whereas he bound for, william?"
inquired the man with the baby.
"briscoes'," answered william, pursuing his way.
"i reckoned he would be," commented the other, turning to his wife, whosat on the doorstep, "i reckoned so when i see that lady at the lecturelast night."
the woman rose to her feet.
"hi, bill todd!"
"what you gotonto the back of your vest?"
william paused, put his hand behind him andencountered a paper pinned to the dangling strap of his waistcoat.
thewoman ran to him and unpinned the paper.
it bore a writing.
they took itto where the yellow lamp-light shone through the open door, and read:           "der sir              "foler harkls al yo ples an gard him yor best venagesn is closter, harkls not got 3 das to liv                                  "we come in wite."
"what ye think, william?"
asked the man with the baby, anxiously.
butthe woman gave the youth a sharp push with her hand.
"they never dast todo it!"
"never in the world!
you hurry, bill todd.
don't youleave him out of your sight one second."
the street upon which the palace hotel fronted formed the south side ofthe square and ran west to the edge of the town, where it turned to thesouth for a quarter of a mile or more, then bent to the west again.
somedistance from this second turn, there stood, fronting close on the road,a large brick house, the most pretentious mansion in carlow county.
and yet it was a homelike place, with its red-brick walls embowered inmasses of cool virginia creeper, and a comfortable veranda crossing thebroad front, while half a hundred stalwart sentinels of elm and beechand poplar stood guard around it.
the front walk was bordered bygeraniums and hollyhocks; and honeysuckle climbed the pillars of theporch.
behind the house there was a shady little orchard; and, back ofthe orchard, an old-fashioned, very fragrant rose-garden, divided by along grape arbor, extended to the shallow waters of a wandering creek;and on the bank a rustic seat was placed, beneath the sycamores.
from the first bend of the road, where it left the town and became(after some indecision) a country highway--called the pike--rather thana proud city boulevard, a pathway led through the fields to end at somepasture bars opposite the brick house.
john harkless was leaning on the pasture bars.
the stars were wan, andthe full moon shone over the fields.
meadows and woodlands lay quietunder the old, sweet marvel of a june night.
in the wide monotony ofthe flat lands, there sometimes comes a feeling that the whole earth isstretched out before one.
to-night it seemed to lie so, in the pathos ofsilent beauty, all passive and still; yet breathing an antique message,sad, mysterious, reassuring.
but there had come a divine melody adrifton the air.
through the open windows it floated.
indoors some one strucka peal of silver chords, like a harp touched by a lover, and a woman'svoice was lifted.
john harkless leaned on the pasture bars and listenedwith upraised head and parted lips.
"to thy chamber window roving, love hath led my feet."
the lord sent manna to the children of israel in the wilderness.
harkless had been five years in plattville, and a woman's voice singingschubert's serenade came to him at last as he stood by the pasture barsof jones's field and listened and rested his dazzled eyes on the big,white face of the moon.
how long had it been since he had heard a song, or any discourse ofmusic other than that furnished by the plattville band--not that he hadnot taste for a brass band!
but music that he loved always gave him anache of delight and the twinge of reminiscences of old, gay days goneforever.
to-night his memory leaped to the last day of a june gone sevenyears; to a morning when the little estuary waves twinkled in the brightsun about the boat in which he sat, the trim launch that brought acheery party ashore from their schooner to the casino landing at winterharbor, far up on the maine coast.
it was the happiest of those last irresponsible days before he struckinto his work in the world and became a failure.
to-night he saw thepicture as plainly as if it were yesterday; no reminiscence had risen sokeenly before his eyes for years: pretty mrs. van skuyt sitting besidehim--pretty mrs. van skuyt and her roses!
what had become of her?
hesaw the crowd of friends waiting on the pier for their arrival, andthe dozen or so emblazoned classmates (it was in the time of brilliantflannels) who suddenly sent up a volley of college cheers in hishonor--how plainly the dear, old, young faces rose up before himto-night, the men from whose lives he had slipped!
dearest and jolliestof the faces was that of tom meredith, clubmate, classmate, his closestfriend, the thin, red-headed third baseman; he could see tom's mouthopened at least a yard, it seemed, such was his frantic vociferousness.
again and again the cheers rang out, "harkless!
on the end ofthem.
in those days everybody (particularly his classmates) thought hewould be minister to england in a few years, and the orchestra on thecasino porch was playing "the conquering hero," in his honor, and at thebehest of tom meredith, he knew.
there were other pretty ladies besides mrs. van skuyt in the launch-loadfrom the yacht, but, as they touched the pier, pretty girls, or prettywomen, or jovial gentlemen, all were overlooked in the wild scramble thecollege men made for their hero.
they haled him forth, set him on high,bore him on their shoulders, shouting "skal to the viking!"
and carriedhim up the wooded bluff to the casino.
he heard mrs. van skuyt say,"oh, we're used to it; we've put in at several other places where hehad friends!"
he struggled manfully to be set down, but his triumphalprocession swept on.
he heard bystanders telling each other, "it's thatyoung harkless, 'the great harkless,' they're all so mad about"; andwhile it pleased him a little to hear such things, they always made himlaugh a great deal.
he had never understood his popularity: he hadbeen chief editor of the university daily, and he had done a little inathletics, and the rest of his distinction lay in college offices hismates had heaped upon him without his being able to comprehend why theydid it.
and yet, somehow, and in spite of himself, they had convincedhim that the world was his oyster; that it would open for him at atouch.
he could not help seeing how the freshmen looked at him, how thesophomores jumped off the narrow campus walks to let him pass; he couldnot help knowing that he was the great man of his time, so that "thegreat harkless" came to be one of the traditions of the university.
heremembered the wild progress they made for him up the slope that morningat winter harbor, how the people baked on, and laughed, and clappedtheir hands.
but at the veranda edge he had noticed a little formdisappearing around a corner of the building; a young girl running awayas fast as she could.
he said, as the tribe set him down, "you have frightenedthe populace."
and tom meredith stopped shouting long enough to answer,"it's my little cousin, overcome with emotion.
she's been counting thehours till you came--been hearing of you from me and others for a goodwhile; and hasn't been able to talk or think of anything else.
she'sonly fifteen, and the crucial moment is too much for her--the greatharkless has arrived, and she has fled."
he remembered other incidents of his greatness, of the glory that nowstruck him as rarely comical; he hoped he hadn't taken it too seriouslythen, in the flush of his youth.
maybe, after all, he had been a,big-headed boy, but he must have bottled up his conceit tightly enough,or the other boys would have detected it and abhorred him.
he wasinclined to believe that he had not been very much set up by the pompthey made for him.
at all events, that day at winter harbor had beenbeautiful, full of the laughter of friends and music; for there was amusicale at the casino in the afternoon.
but the present hour grew on him as he leaned on the pasture bars, andsuddenly his memories sped; and the voice that was singing schubert'sserenade across the way touched him with the urgent, personal appealthat a present beauty always had for him.
it was a soprano; and withouttremolo, yet came to his ear with a certain tremulous sweetness; it wassoft and slender, but the listener knew it could be lifted with fullnessand power if the singer would.
it spoke only of the song, yet thelistener thought of the singer.
under the moon thoughts run into dreams,and he dreamed that the owner of the voice, she who quoted "the walrusand the carpenter" on fisbee's notes, was one to laugh with you and weepwith you; yet her laughter would be tempered with sorrow, and her tearswith laughter.
when the song was ended, he struck the rail he leaned upon a sharp blowwith his open hand.
there swept over him a feeling that he had stoodprecisely where he stood now, on such a night, a thousand years ago, hadheard that voice and that song, had listened and been moved by the song,and the night, just as he was moved now.
he had long known himself for a sentimentalist; he had almost given uptrying to cure himself.
and he knew himself for a born lover; he hadalways been in love with some one.
in his earlier youth his affectionshad been so constantly inconstant that he finally came to settlewith his self-respect by recognizing in himself a fine constancy thatworshipped one woman always--it was only the shifting image of her thatchanged!
somewhere (he dreamed, whimsically indulgent of the fancy; yetmocking himself for it) there was a girl whom he had never seen, whowaited till he should come.
she was everything.
until he found her,he could not help adoring others who possessed little pieces andsuggestions of her--her brilliancy, her courage, her short upper lip,"like a curled roseleaf," or her dear voice, or her pure profile.
he hadno recollection of any lady who had quite her eyes.
he had never passed a lovely stranger on the street, in the old days,without a thrill of delight and warmth.
if he never saw her again, andthe vision only lasted the time it takes a lady to cross the sidewalkfrom a shop door to a carriage, he was always a little in love with her,because she bore about her, somewhere, as did every pretty girl he eversaw, a suggestion of the far-away divinity.
one does not pass lovelystrangers in the streets of plattville.
miss briscoe was pretty, but notat all in the way that harkless dreamed.
for five years the lover inhim that had loved so often had been starved of all but dreams.
only attwilight and dusk in the summer, when, strolling, he caught sight of awoman's skirt, far up the village street--half-outlined in thedarkness under the cathedral arch of meeting branches--this romancerof petticoats could sigh a true lover's sigh, and, if he kept enoughdistance between, fly a yearning fancy that his lady wandered there.
ever since his university days the image of her had been growingmore and more distinct.
he had completely settled his mind as to herappearance and her voice.
she was tall, almost too tall, he was sure ofthat; and out of his consciousness there had grown a sweet and vivaciousyoung face that he knew was hers.
her hair was light-brown with goldlustres (he reveled in the gold lustres, on the proper theory that whenyour fancy is painting a picture you may as well go in for the wholething and make it sumptuous), and her eyes were gray.
they were veryearnest, and yet they sparkled and laughed to him companionably; andsometimes he had smiled back upon her.
the undine danced before himthrough the lonely years, on fair nights in his walks, and came to sitby his fire on winter evenings when he stared alone at the embers.
and to-night, here in plattville, he heard a voice he had waited forlong, one that his fickle memory told him he had never heard before.
but, listening, he knew better--he had heard it long ago, though whenand how, he did not know, as rich and true, and ineffably tender as now.
he threw a sop to his common sense.
"miss sherwood is a little thing"(the image was so surely tall) "with a bumpy forehead and spectacles,"he said to himself, "or else a provincial young lady with big eyesto pose at you."
then he felt the ridiculousness of looking after hiscommon sense on a moonlight night in june; also, he knew that he lied.
the song had ceased, but the musician lingered, and the keys weretouched to plaintive harmonies new to him.
he had come to plattvillebefore "cavalleria rusticana" was sung at rome, and now, entranced, heheard the "intermezzo" for the first time.
listening to this, he fearedto move lest he should wake from a summer-night's dream.
a ragged little shadow flitted down the path behind him, and from asolitary apple-tree, standing like a lonely ghost in the middle ofthe field, came the _woo_ of a screech owl--twice.
it wasanswered--twice--from a clump of elder-bushes that grew in afence-corner fifty yards west of the pasture bars.
then the barrel of asquirrel rifle issued, lifted out of the white elder-blossoms, andlay along the fence.
the music in the house across the way ceased, andharkless saw two white dresses come out through the long parlor windowsto the veranda.
"it will be cooler out here," came the voice of the singer clearlythrough the quiet.
"what a night!"
john vaulted the bars and started to cross the road.
they saw him fromthe veranda, and miss briscoe called to him in welcome.
as his tallfigure stood out plainly in the bright light against the white dust,a streak of fire leaped from the elder-blossoms and there rang out thesharp report of a rifle.
there were two screams from the veranda.
onewhite figure ran into the house.
the other, a little one with a gauzywrap streaming behind, came flying out into the moonlight--straight toharkless.
there was a second report; the rifle-shot was answered bya revolver.
william todd had risen up, apparently from nowhere, and,kneeling by the pasture bars, fired at the flash of the rifle.
"jump fer the shadder, mr. harkless," he shouted; "he's in them elders,"and then: "fer god's sake, comeback!"
empty-handed as he was, the editor dashed for the treacherous elder-bushas fast as his long legs could carry him; but, before he had taken sixstrides, a hand clutched his sleeve, and a girl's voice quavered fromclose behind him:"don't run like that, mr. harkless; i can't keep up!"
he wheeled about,and confronted a vision, a dainty little figure about five feet high, aflushed and lovely face, hair and draperies disarranged and flying.
hestamped his foot with rage.
"get back in the house!"
"you mustn't go," she panted.
"it's the only way to stop you."
"go back to the house!"
he shouted, savagely.
"will you come?"
"fer god's sake," cried william todd, "come back!
keep out of the road."
he was emptying his revolver at the clump of elder, the uproar of hisfiring blasting the night.
some one screamed from the house:"helen!
john seized the girl's wrists roughly; her gray eyes flashed into hisdefiantly.
"will you go?"
he dropped her wrists, caught her up in his arms as if she had been akitten, and leaped into the shadow of the trees that leaned over theroad from the yard.
the rifle rang out again, and the little ballwhistled venomously overhead.
harkless ran along the fence and turned inat the gate.
a loose strand of the girl's hair blew across his cheek, and in the moonher head shone with gold.
she had light-brown hair and gray eyes and ashort upper lip like a curled rose-leaf.
he set her down on the verandasteps.
both of them laughed wildly.
"but you came with me!"
she gasped triumphantly.
"i always thought you were tall," he answered; and there was afterward atime when he had to agree that this was a somewhat vague reply.
judge briscoe smiled grimly and leaned on his shot-gun in the moonlightby the veranda.
he and william todd had been trampling down theelder-bushes, and returning to the house, found minnie alone on theporch.
he said to his daughter, who turned an anxious face uponhim.
"they'll be safe enough now, and in our garden."
"maybe i oughtn't to have let them go," she returned, nervously.
they're all right; that scalawag's half-way to six-cross-roads bythis time, isn't he, william?"
"he tuck up the fence like a scared rabbit," mr. todd responded, lookinginto his hat to avoid meeting the eyes of the lady.
"i didn't have nocall to toller, and he knowed how to run, i reckon.
time mr. harklesscome out the yard again, he was near out o' sight, and we see him takeacross the road to the wedge-woods, near half-a-mile up.
somebody elsewith him then--looked like a kid.
must 'a' cut acrost the field to joinhim.
they're fur enough towards home by this."
"did miss helen shake hands with you four or five times?"
"because harkless did.
my hand aches, and i guess william's does, too;he nearly shook our arms off when we told him he'd been a fool.
seemedto do him good.
i told him he ought to hire somebody to take a shot athim every morning before breakfast--not that it's any joking matter,"the old gentleman finished, thoughtfully.
"i should say not," said william, with a deep frown and a jerk of hishead toward the rear of the house.
"_he_ jokes about it enough.
wouldn'teven promise to carry a gun after this.
said he wouldn't know how to useit.
never shot one off since he was a boy, on the fourth of july.
thisis the third time he's be'n shot at this year, but he says the otherswas at a--a--what'd he call it?"
"'a merely complimentary range,'" briscoe supplied.
he handed william acigar and bit the end off another himself.
"minnie, you better go in thehouse and read, i expect--unless you want to go down the creek and jointhose folks."
"i know when to stay away, i guess.
do go and putthat terrible gun up."
"no," said briscoe, lighting his cigar, deliberately.
"it's all safe;there's no question of that; but maybe william and i better go out andtake a smoke in the orchard as long as they stay down at the creek."
in the garden, shafts of white light pierced the bordering trees andfell where june roses lifted their heads to breathe the mild nightbreeze, and here, through summer spells, the editor of the "herald" andthe lady who had run to him at the pasture bars strolled down a pathtrembling with shadows to where the shallow creek tinkled over thepebbles.
they walked slowly, with an air of being well-accustomedfriends and comrades, and for some reason it did not strike either ofthem as unnatural or extraordinary.
they came to a bench on the bank,and he made a great fuss dusting the seat for her with his black slouchhat.
then he regretted the hat--it was a shabby old hat of a carlowcounty fashion.
it was a long bench, and he seated himself rather remotely toward theend opposite her, suddenly realizing that he had walked very close toher, coming down the narrow garden path.
neither knew that neither hadspoken since they left the veranda; and it had taken them a long time tocome through the little orchard and the garden.
she rested her chinon her hand, leaning forward and looking steadily at the creek.
herlaughter had quite gone; her attitude seemed a little wistful and alittle sad.
he noted that her hair curled over her brow in a way he hadnot pictured in the lady of his dreams; this was so much lovelier.
hedid not care for tall girls; he had not cared for them for almosthalf an hour.
it was so much more beautiful to be dainty and small andpiquant.
he had no notion that he was sighing in a way that would haveput a furnace to shame, but he turned his eyes from her because hefeared that if he looked longer he might blurt out some speech abouther beauty.
his glance rested on the bank; but its diameter includedthe edge of her white skirt and the tip of a little, white, high-heeledslipper that peeped out beneath it; and he had to look away from that,too, to keep from telling her that he meant to advocate a law compellingall women to wear crisp, white gowns and white slippers on moonlightnights.
she picked a long spear of grass from the turf before her, twisted itabsently in her fingers, then turned to him slowly.
her lips partedas if to speak.
then she turned away again.
the action was so odd, andsomehow, as she did it, so adorable, and the preserved silence was sucha bond between them, that for his life he could not have helped movinghalf-way up the bench toward her.
"what is it?"
he asked; and he spoke in a whisper he might have used atthe bedside of a dying friend.
he would not have laughed if he had knownhe did so.
she twisted the spear of grass into a little ball and threwit at a stone in the water before she answered.
"do you know, mr. harkless, you and i haven't 'met,' have we?
didn't weforget to be presented to each other?"
"i beg your pardon.
in the perturbation of comedy iforgot."
"it was melodrama, wasn't it?"
he laughed, but she shook herhead.
"comedy," he answered, "except your part of it, which you shouldn't havedone.
it was not arranged in honor of 'visiting ladies.'
but youmustn't think me a comedian.
truly, i didn't plan it.
my friend fromsix-cross-roads must be given the credit of devising the scene-thoughyou divined it!"
"it was a little too picturesque, i think.
i know about six-cross-roads.
please tell me what you mean to do."
what should i?"
"you mean that you will keep on letting them shoot at you, untilthey--until you--" she struck the bench angrily with her hand.
"there's no summer theatre in six-cross-roads; there's not even achurch.
why shouldn't they?"
he asked gravely.
"during the long andtedious evenings it cheers the poor cross-reader's soul to drop overhere and take a shot at me.
it whiles away dull care for him, and he hasthe additional exercise of running all the way home."
she cried indignantly, "they told me you always answered likethis!"
"well, you see the cross-roads efforts have proved so purely hygienicfor me.
as a patriot i have sometimes felt extreme mortification thatsuch bad marksmanship should exist in the county, but i consolemyself with the thought that their best shots are unhappily in thepenitentiary."
"there are many left.
can't you understand that they will organize againand come in a body, as they did before you broke them up?
and then, ifthey come on a night when they know you are wandering out of town----""you have not the advantage of an intimate study of the most exclusivepeople of the cross-roads, miss sherwood.
there are about twentygentlemen who remain in that neighborhood while their relatives sojournunder discipline.
if you had the entree over there, you would understandthat these twenty could not gather themselves into a company and marchthe seven miles without physical debate in the ranks.
they are notprecisely amiable people, even amongst themselves.
they would quarreland shoot each other to pieces long before they got here."
"but they worked in a company once."
"never for seven miles.
four miles was their radius.
five would see themall dead."
she struck the bench again.
"oh, you laugh at me!
you make a joke ofyour own life and death, and laugh at everything!
have five years ofplattville taught you to do that?"
"i laugh only at taking the poor cross-roaders too seriously.
i don'tlaugh at your running into fire to help a fellow-mortal."
"i knew there wasn't any risk.
i knew he had to stop to load before heshot again."
"he did shoot again.
if i had known you before to-night--i--" his tonechanged and he spoke gravely.
"i am at your feet in worship of yourphilanthropy.
it's so much finer to risk your life for a stranger thanfor a friend."
"that is rather a man's point of view, isn't it?"
"you risked yours for a man you had never seen before."
i saw you at the lecture; i heard you introduce the honorablemr.
"then i don't understand your wishing to save me."
she smiled unwillingly, and turned her gray eyes upon him with troubledsunniness, and, under the kindness of her regard, he set a watch uponhis lips, though he knew it might not avail him.
he had driveled alongrespectably so far, he thought, but he had the sentimental longings ofyears, starved of expression, culminating in his heart.
she continued tolook at him, wistfully, searchingly, gently.
then her eyes traveled overhis big frame from his shoes (a patch of moonlight fell on them; theywere dusty; he drew them under the bench with a shudder) to his broadshoulders (he shook the stoop out of them).
she stretched her smallhands toward him in contrast, and broke into the most delicious lowlaughter in the world.
at this sound he knew the watch on his lips wasworthless.
it was a question of minutes till he should present himselfto her eyes as a sentimental and susceptible imbecile.
he knew it.
hewas in wild spirits.
"could you realize that one of your dangers might be a shaking?"
"is your seriousness a lost art?"
her laughter ceased suddenly.
thiers said the french laugh always, in order notto weep.
i haven't lived here five years.
i should laugh too, if i wereyou."
"look at the moon," he responded.
"we plattvillains own that with thebest of metropolitans, and, for my part, i see more of it here.
you donot appreciate us.
we have large landscapes in the heart of the city,and what other capital possesses advantages like that?
next winter therailway station is to have a new stove for the waiting-room.
heavenitself is one of our suburbs--it is so close that all one has to do isto die.
you insist upon my being french, you see, and i know youare fond of nonsense.
how did you happen to put 'the walrus and thecarpenter' at the bottom of a page of fisbee's notes?"
how were you sure it was i?"
"in carlow county!"
"he might have written it himself."
"fisbee has never in his life read anything lighter than cuneiforminscriptions."
"miss briscoe----""she doesn't read lewis carroll; and it was not her hand.
what made youwrite it on fisbee's manuscript?"
"he was with us this afternoon, and i teased him a little about yourheading.
'business and the cradle, the altar, and the tomb,' isn't it?
and he said it had always troubled him, but that you thought it good.
so do i. he asked me if i could think of anything that you might likebetter, to put in place of it, and i wrote, 'the time has come,' becauseit was the only thing i could think of that was as appropriate and asfetching as your headlines.
he was perfectly dear about it.
he was soserious; he said he feared it wouldn't be acceptable.
i didn't noticethat the paper he handed me to write on was part of his notes, nordid he, i think.
afterward, he put it back in his pocket.
it wasn't amessage."
"i'm not so sure he did not notice.
he is very wise.
do you know,somehow, i have the impression that the old fellow wanted me to meetyou."
"how dear and good of him!"
she spoke earnestly, and her face wassuffused with a warm light.
there was no doubt about her meaning whatshe said.
"it was," john answered, unsteadily.
"he knew how great was my need of afew moments' companionableness with--with----""no," she interrupted.
"i meant dear and good to me, because i think hewas thinking of me, and it was for my sake he wanted us to meet."
it would have been hard to convince a woman, if she had overheard thisspeech, that miss sherwood's humility was not the calculated affectationof a coquette.
sometimes a man's unsuspicion is wiser, and harkless knewthat she was not flirting with him.
in addition, he was not a fatuousman; he did not extend the implication of her words nearly so far as shewould have had him.
"but i had met you," said he, "long ago."
she cried, and her eyes danced.
"you actually remember?"
"yes; do you?"
"i stood in jones's field and heard yousinging, and i remembered.
it was a long time since i had heard yousing:          "'i was a ruffler of flanders,             and fought for a florin's hire.
you were the dame of my captain             and sang to my heart's desire.'
"but that is the balladist's notion.
the truth is that you were a ladyat the court of clovis, and i was a heathen captive.
i heard you sing achristian hymn--and asked for baptism."
by a great effort he managed tolook as if he did not mean it.
but she did not seem over-pleased with his fancy, for, the surprisefading from her face, "oh, that was the way you remembered!"
"perhaps it was not that way alone.
you won't despise me for beingmawkish to-night?"
"i haven't had the chance for so long."
the night air wrapped them warmly, and the balm of the little breezesthat stirred the foliage around them was the smell of damask roses fromthe garden.
the creek tinkled over the pebbles at their feet, and adrowsy bird, half-wakened by the moon, crooned languorously in thesycamores.
the girl looked out at the flashing water through downcastlashes.
"is it because it is so transient that beauty is pathetic?"
shesaid; "because we can never come back to it in quite the same way?
i ama sentimental girl.
if you are born so, it is never entirely teasedout of you, is it?
besides, to-night is all a dream.
it isn't real, youknow.
you couldn't be mawkish."
her tone was gentle as a caress, and it made him tingle to hisfinger-tips.
"how do you know?"
he asked in a low voice.
"i just know.
do you think i'm very 'bold and forward'?"
"it was your song i wanted to be sentimental about.
i am like one 'whothrough long days of toil'--only that doesn't quite apply--'and nightsdevoid of ease'--but i can't claim that one doesn't sleep well here; itis plattville's specialty--like one who           "'still heard in his soul the music             of wonderful melodies.'"
"those blessed old lines!"
"once a thing is music or poetry,all the hand-organs and elocutionists in the world cannot ruin it, canthey?
yes; to live here, out of the world, giving up the world, doinggood and working for others, working for a community as you do----""i am not quite shameless," he interrupted, smilingly.
"i was given alife sentence for incompetency, and i've served five years of it, whichhave been made much happier than my deserts."
"no," she persisted, "that is your way of talking of yourself; i knowyou would always 'run yourself down,' if one paid any attention to it.
but to give up the world, to drop out of it without regret, to comehere and do what you have done, and to live the life that must be sodesperately dry and dull for a man of your sort, and yet to have thekind of heart that makes wonderful melodies sing in itself--oh!"
shecried, "i say that is fine!"
"you do not understand," he returned, sadly, wishing, before her, tobe unmercifully just to himself.
"i came here because i couldn't makea living anywhere else.
and the 'wonderful melodies'--i have known youonly one evening--and the melodies--" he rose to his feet and took a fewsteps toward the garden.
"come," he said.
"let me take you back.
let usgo before i--" he finished with a helpless laugh.
she stood by the bench, one hand resting on it; she stood all in thetremulant shadow.
she moved one step toward him, and a single, longsliver of light pierced the sycamores and fell upon her head.
"what was it about the melodies?"
i don't know how to thank you for this evening that you havegiven me.
i--i suppose you are leaving to-morrow.
no one ever stayshere.--i----""what about the melodies?"
he gave it up.
"the moon makes people insane!"
"if that is true," she returned, "then you need not be more afraid thani, because 'people' is plural.
what were you saying about----""i _had_ heard them--in my heart.
when i heard your voice to-night, iknew that it was you who sang them there--had been singing them for mealways."
she cried, gaily.
"all that debate about a pretty speech!"
then,sinking before him in a deep courtesy, "i am beholden to you," she said.
"do you think that no man ever made a little flattery for me beforeto-night?"
at the edge of the orchard, where they could keep an unseen watch onthe garden and the bank of the creek.
judge briscoe and mr. todd wereensconced under an apple-tree, the former still armed with his shot-gun.
when the two young people got up from their bench, the two men rosehastily, and then sauntered slowly toward them.
when they met, harklessshook each of them cordially by the hand, without seeming to know it.
"we were coming to look for you," explained the judge.
"william wasafraid to go home alone; thought some one might take him for mr.harkless and shoot him before he got into town.
can you come out withyoung willetts in the morning, harkless," he went on, "and go with theladies to see the parade?
and minnie wants you to stay to dinner and goto the show with them in the afternoon."
harkless seized his hand and shook it fervently, and then laughedheartily, as he accepted the invitation.
at the gate, miss sherwood extended her hand to him and said politely,and with some flavor of mockery: "good-night, mr. harkless.
i do notleave to-morrow.
i am very glad to have met you."
"we are going to keep her all summer if we can," said minnie, weavingher arm about her friend's waist.
"you'll come in the morning?"
"good-night, miss sherwood," he returned, hilariously.
"it has been sucha pleasure to meet you.
thank you so much for saving my life.
it wasvery good of you indeed.
yes, in the morning.
he shook hands with them all again, including mr. todd, who was goingwith him.
he laughed most of the way home, and mr. todd walked at his side inamazement.
the herald building was a decrepit frame structure on mainstreet; it had once been a small warehouse and was now sadly in need ofpaint.
closely adjoining it, in a large, blank-looking yard, stood a lowbrick cottage, over which the second story of the warehouse leaned in aneffect of tipsy affection that had reminded harkless, when he first sawit, of an old sunday-school book wood-cut of an inebriated parent underconvoy of a devoted child.
the title to these two buildings and theblank yard had been included in the purchase of the "herald"; and thecottage was harkless's home.
there was a light burning upstairs in the "herald" office.
from thestreet a broad, tumble-down stairway ran up on the outside of thebuilding to the second floor, and at the stairway railing john turnedand shook his companion warmly by the hand.
"good-night, william," he said.
"it was plucky of you to join in thatmuss, to-night.
i shan't forget it."
"i jest happened to come along," replied the other, drowsily; then, witha portentous yawn, he asked: "ain't ye goin' to bed?"
"no; parker wouldn't allow it."
"well," observed william, with another yawn, which bade fair to exposethe veritable soul of him, "i d'know how ye stand it.
it's closte oneleven o'clock.
john went up the steps, singing aloud:          "for to-night we'll merry, merry be,           for to-night we'll merry, merry be,"and stopped on the sagging platform at the top of the stairs and gavethe moon good-night with a wave of the hand and friendly laughter.
atthat it suddenly struck him that he was twenty-nine years of age;that he had laughed a great deal that evening; that he had laughed andlaughed over things not in the least humorous, like an excited schoolboymaking his first formal call; that he had shaken hands with miss briscoewhen he left her, as if he should never see her again; that he had takenmiss sherwood's hand twice in one very temporary parting; that he hadshaken the judge's hand five times, and william's four!
"what has happened to me?"
then he shook his fist atthe moon and went in to work--he thought.
the bright sun of circus-day shone into harkless's window, and he awoketo find himself smiling.
for a little while he lay content, drowsilywondering why he smiled, only knowing that there was something new.
it was thus, as a boy, he had wakened on his birthday mornings, or onchristmas, or on the fourth of july, drifting happily out of pleasantdreams into the consciousness of long-awaited delights that had cometrue, yet lying only half-awake in a cheerful borderland, leavinghappiness undefined.
the morning breeze was fluttering at his window blind; a honeysucklevine tapped lightly on the pane.
birds were trilling, warbling,whistling.
from the street came the rumbling of wagons, merry cries ofgreeting, and the barking of dogs.
what was it made him feel so youngand strong and light-hearted?
the breeze brought him the smell ofjune roses, fresh and sweet with dew, and then he knew why he had comesmiling from his dreams.
he would go a holiday-making.
with that heleaped out of bed, and shouted loudly: "zen!
in answer, an ancient, very black darky put his head in at the door, hiswarped and wrinkled visage showing under his grizzled hair like charredpaper in a fall of pine ashes.
he said: "good-mawn', suh.
hit'sdone pump' full.
a few moments later, the colored man, seated on the front steps of thecottage, heard a mighty splashing within, while the rafters rang withstentorian song:       "he promised to buy me a bunch o' blue ribbon,        he promised to buy me a bunch o' blue ribbon,        he promised to buy me a bunch o' blue ribbon,             to tie up my bonny brown hair       "oh dear!
what can the matter be?
what can the matter be?
what can the matter be?
johnnie's so long at the fair!"
at the sound of this complaint, delivered in a manly voice, thelistener's jaw dropped, and his mouth opened and stayed open.
"_him!_"he muttered, faintly.
"well, the old triangle knew the music of our tread;     how the peaceful seminole would tremble in his bed!"
sang the editor.
"i dunno huccome it," exclaimed the old man, "an' datain' hyer ner dar; but, bless gawd!
de young man' happy!"
a thoughtstruck him suddenly, and he scratched his head.
"maybe he goin' away,"he said, querulously.
"what become o' ole zen?"
the splashing ceased,but not the voice, which struck into a noble marching chorus.
"oh, mylawd," said the colored man, "i pray you listen at dat!"
"soldiers marching up the street,             they keep the time;             they look sublime!
hear them play die wacht am rhein!
they call them schneider's band.
tra la la la, la!"
the length of main street and all the square resounded with the rattleof vehicles of every kind.
since earliest dawn they had been pouringinto the village, a long procession on every country road.
there weregreat red and blue farm wagons, drawn by splendid clydesdales; theelders of the family on the front seat and on boards laid from side toside in front, or on chairs placed close behind, while, in the deep bedsback of these, children tumbled in the straw, or peeped over the sides,rosy-cheeked and laughing, eyes alight with blissful anticipations.
there were more pretentious two-seated cut-unders and stout buckboards,loaded down with merrymakers, four on a seat meant for two; there wererattle-trap phaetons and comfortable carry-alls drawn by steady spans;and, now and then, mule teams bringing happy negroes, ready to squanderall on the first georgia watermelons and cider.
every vehicle containedheaping baskets of good things to eat (the previous night had been awoeful bartholomew for carlow chickens) and underneath, where the dogspaced faithfully, swung buckets and fodder for the horses, while coltsinnumerable trotted dose to the maternal flanks, viewing the world withtheir big, new eyes in frisky surprise.
here and there the trim side-bar buggy of some prosperous farmer'sson, escorting his sweetheart, flashed along the road, the young marestepping out in pride of blood to pass the line of wagons, the youth whoheld the reins, resplendent in sunday best and even better, his scorchedbrown face glowing with a fine belief in the superiority of both hissteed and his lady; the latter beaming out upon life and rejoicing inthe light-blue ribbons on her hat, the light-blue ribbon around herwaist, the light-blue, silk half-mittens on her hands, and the beautifulred coral necklace about her neck and the red coral buttons thatfastened her gown in the back.
the air was full of exhilaration; everybody was laughing and shoutingand calling greetings; for carlow county was turning out, and from farand near the country people came; nay, from over the county line, cloudsof dust rising from every thoroughfare and highway, and sweeping intotown to herald their coming.
dibb zane, the "sprinkling contractor," had been at work with the townwater-cart since the morning stars were bright, but he might as wellhave watered the streets with his tears, which, indeed, when the farmersbegan to come in, bringing their cyclones of dust, he drew nigh unto,after a spell of profanity as futile as his cart.
"tief wie das meer soll deine liebe sein,"hummed the editor in the cottage.
his song had taken on a reflectivetone as that of one who cons a problem, or musically ponders which cardto play.
he was kneeling before an old trunk in his bedchamber.
fromone compartment he took a neatly folded pair of duck trousers and alight-gray tweed coat; from another, a straw hat with a ribbon of brightcolors.
they had lain in the trunk a long time undisturbed; and heexamined them musingly.
he shook the coat and brushed it; then he laidthe garments upon his bed, and proceeded to shave himself carefully,after which he donned the white trousers, the gray coat, and, rummagingin the trunk again, found a gay pink cravat, which he fastened about histall collar (also a resurrection from the trunk) with a pearl pin.
after that he had a long, solemn time arranging his hair with a pairof brushes.
when at last he was suited, and his dressing completed, hesallied forth to breakfast.
xenophon stared after him as he went out of the gate whistling heartily.
the old darky lifted his hands, palms outward.
"lan' name, who dat!"
he exclaimed aloud.
"who dat in dem pan-jingeries?
he jine' de circus?"
his hands fell upon his knees, and he got to hisfeet pneumatically, shaking his head with foreboding.
"honey, honey,hit' baid luck, baid luck sing 'fo' breakfus.
trouble 'fo' de day bedone.
trouble, honey, gre't trouble.
baid luck, baid luck!"
along the square the passing of the editor in his cool equipment evokedsome gasps of astonishment; and mr. tibbs and his sister rushed from thepostoffice to stare after him.
"he looks just beautiful, solomon," said miss tibbs.
"but what's the name for them kind of clothes?"
inquired her brother.
"'seems to me there's a special way of callin' 'em.
'seems as if i seea picture of 'em, somewheres.
wasn't it on the cover of that therelong-tennis box we bought and put in the window, and the country peoplethought it was a seining outfit?"
"it was a game, the catalogue said," observed miss selina.
"it was a mighty pore investment," the postmaster answered.
as harkless approached the hotel, a decrepit old man, in a vast strawhat and a linen duster much too large for him, came haltingly forwardto meet him.
he was widow-woman wimby's husband.
and, as did every oneelse, he spoke of his wife by the name of her former martial companion.
"be'n a-lookin' fer you, mr. harkless," he said in a shaking spindle ofa voice, as plaintive as his pale little eyes.
"mother wimby, she sentsome roses to ye.
cynthy's fixin' 'em on yer table.
i'm well as everi am; but her, she's too complaining to come in fer show-day.
thismorning, early, we see some the cross-roads folks pass the place towardstown, an' she sent me in to tell ye.
oh, i knowed ye'd laugh.
says she,'he's too much of a man to be skeered,' says she, 'these here tall, bigmen always 'low nothin' on earth kin hurt 'em,' says she, 'but you tellhim to be keerful,' says she; an' i see bill skillett an' his brother onthe square lessun a half-an-hour ago, 'th my own eyes.
i won't keep yefrom yer breakfast.--eph watts is in there, eatin'.
he's come back; buti guess i don't need to warn ye agin' him.
he seems peaceable enough.
it's the other folks you got to look out fer."
he limped away.
the editor waved his hand to him from the door, but theold fellow shook his head, and made a warning, friendly gesture with hisarm.
harkless usually ate his breakfast alone, as he was the latest riserin plattville.
(there were days in the winter when he did not reachthe hotel until eight o'clock.)
this morning he found a bunch of whiteroses, still wet with dew and so fragrant that the whole room was freshand sweet with their odor, prettily arranged in a bowl on the table,and, at his plate, the largest of all with a pin through the stem.
helooked up, smilingly, and nodded at the red-haired girl.
"thank you,charmion," he said.
"that's very pretty."
she turned even redder than she always was, and answered nothing,vigorously darting her brush at an imaginary fly on the cloth.
afterseveral minutes she said abruptly, "you're welcome."
there was a silence, finally broken by a long, gasping sigh.
astonished,he looked at the girl.
her eyes were set unfathomably upon his pink tie;the wand had dropped from her nerveless hand, and she stood rapt andimmovable.
she started violently from her trance.
"ain't you goin'to finish your coffee?"
she asked, plying her instrument again, and,bending over him slightly, whispered: "say, eph watts is over therebehind you."
at a table in a far corner of the room a large gentleman in a brownfrock coat was quietly eating his breakfast and reading the "herald."
hewas of an ornate presence, though entirely neat.
a sumptuous expanse oflinen exhibited itself between the lapels of his low-cut waistcoat, andan inch of bediamonded breastpin glittered there, like an ice-ledge ona snowy mountain side.
he had a steady, blue eye and a dissipated,iron-gray mustache.
this personage was mr. ephraim watts, who, followinga calling more fashionable in the eighteenth century than in the latterdecades of the nineteenth, had shaken the dust of carlow from his feetsome three years previously, at the strong request of the authorities.
the "herald" had been particularly insistent upon his deportation, and,in the local phrase, harkless had "run him out of town."
perhaps it wasbecause the "herald's" opposition (as the editor explained at thetime) had been merely moral and impersonal, and the editor had alwaysconfessed to a liking for the unprofessional qualities of mr. watts,that there was but slight embarrassment when the two gentlemen metto-day.
his breakfast finished, harkless went over to the other andextended his hand.
cynthia held her breath and clutched the back ofa chair.
however, mr. watts made no motion toward his well-known hippocket.
instead, he rose, flushed slightly, and accepted the handoffered him.
"i'm glad to see you, mr. watts," said the journalist, cordially.
"also,if you are running with the circus and calculate on doing business hereto-day, i'll have to see that you are fired out of town before noon.
you're looking extremely well."
"mr. harkless," answered watts, "i cherish no hard feelings, and i neversaid but what you done exactly right when i left, three years ago.
no,sir; i'm not here in a professional way at all, and i don't want to bemolested.
i've connected myself with an oil company, and i'm down hereto look over the ground.
it beats poker and fan-tan hollow, though thereain't as many chances in favor of the dealer, and in oil it's the farmerthat gets the rake-off.
i've come back, but in an enterprising spiritthis time, to open up a new field and shed light and money in carlow.
they told me never to show my face here again, but if you say i stay, iguess i stay.
i always was sure there was oil in the county, and i wantto prove it for everybody's benefit.
is it all right?"
"my dear fellow," laughed the young man, shaking the gambler's handagain, "it is all right.
i have always been sorry i had to act againstyou.
everything is all right!
stay and bore to corea if you like.
didever you see such glorious weather?"
"i'll let you in on some shares," watts called after him as he turnedaway.
he nodded in reply and was leaving the room when cynthia detainedhim by a flourish of the fly-brush.
"say," she said,--she always calledhim "say"--"you've forgot your flower."
he came back, and thanked her.
"will you pin it on for me, charmion?"
"i don't know what call you got to speak to me out of my name," sheresponded, looking at the floor moodily.
he asked, surprised.
"i don't see why you want to make fun of me."
"i beg your pardon, cynthia," he said gravely.
"i didn't mean to dothat.
i haven't been considerate.
i didn't think you'd be displeased.
i'm very sorry.
won't you pin it on my coat?"
her face was lifted in grateful pleasure, and she began to pin the roseto his lapel.
her hands were large and red and trembled.
she droppedthe flower, and, saying huskily, "i don't know as i could do it right,"seized violently upon a pile of dishes and hurried from the room.
harkless rescued the rose, pinned it on his coat himself, and, observinginternally, for the hundredth time, that the red-haired waitress was thequeerest creature in the village, set forth gaily upon his holiday.
when he reached the brick house on the pike he discovered a gentlemansunk in an easy and contemplative attitude in a big chair behind theveranda railing.
at the click of the gate the lounger rose and disclosedthe stalwart figure and brown, smiling, handsome face of mr. ligewilletts, an habitual devotee of minnie briscoe, and the most eligiblebachelor of carlow.
"the ladies will be down right off," he said,greeting the editor's finery with a perceptible agitation and the editorhimself with a friendly shake of the hand.
"mildy says to wait outhere."
but immediately there was a faint rustling within the house: the swishof draperies on the stairs, a delicious whispering when light feetdescend, tapping, to hearts that beat an answer, the telegraphicmessage, "we come!
we are near!
we are near!"
lige willettsstared at harkless.
he had never thought the latter good-looking untilhe saw him step to the door to take miss sherwood's hand and say in astrange, low, tense voice, "good-morning," as if he were announcing, atthe least: "every one in the world except us two, died last night.
it isa solemn thing, but i am very happy."
they walked, minnie and mr. willetts a little distance in front of theothers.
harkless could not have told, afterward, whether they rode,or walked, or floated on an air-ship to the court-house.
all he knewdistinctly was that a divinity in a pink shirt waist, and a hat that waswoven of gauzy cloud by mocking fairies to make him stoop hideously tosee under it, dwelt for the time on earth and was at his side, dazzlinghim in the morning sunshine.
last night the moon had lent her a silveryglamour; she had something of the ethereal whiteness of night-dews inthat watery light, a nymph to laugh from a sparkling fountain, at themoon or, as he thought, remembering her courtesy for his pretty speech,perhaps a little lady of king louis's court, wandering down the yearsfrom fontainebleau and appearing to clumsy mortals sometimes, of a junenight when the moon was in their heads.
but to-day she was of the clearest color, a pretty girl, whose gray eyestwinkled to his in gay companionship.
he marked how the sunshine wasspun into the fair shadows of her hair and seemed itself to catch alustre, rather than to impart it, and the light of the june day driftedthrough the gauzy hat, touching her face with a delicate and tenderflush that came and went like the vibrating pink of early dawn.
shehad the divinest straight nose, tip-tilted the faintest, most alluringtrifle, and a dimple cleft her chin, "the deadliest maelstrom in theworld!"
he thrilled through and through.
he had been only vaguelyconscious of the dimple in the night.
it was not until he saw her bydaylight that he really knew it was there.
the village hummed with life before them.
they walked through shimmeringairs, sweeter to breathe than nectar is to drink.
she caught abutterfly, basking on a jimson weed, and, before she let it go, held itout to him in her hand.
it was a white butterfly.
he asked which was thebutterfly.
she said, tossing the captive craft above their heads andwatching the small sails catch the breeze; "and so you can make littleflatteries in the morning, too.
it is another courtesy you should behaving from me, if it weren't for the dustiness of it.
wait till we cometo the board walk."
she had some big, pink roses at her waist.
"in the meantime," heanswered, indicating these, "i know very well a lad that would be blitheto accept a pretty token of any lady's high esteem."
"but you have one, already, a very beautiful one."
she gave him a genialup-and-down glance from head to foot, half quizzical, but so quick healmost missed it.
and then he was glad he had found the straw hat withthe youthful ribbon, and all his other festal vestures.
"and a verybecoming flower a white rose is," she continued, "though i am a boldgirl to be blarneying with a young gentleman i met no longer ago thanlast night."
"but why shouldn't you blarney with a gentleman, when you began bysaving his life?"
"or, rather, when the gentleman had the politeness to gallop aboutthe county with me tucked under his arm?"
she stood still and laughedsoftly, but consummately, and her eyes closed tight with the mirth ofit.
she had taken one of the roses from her waist, and, as she stood,holding it by the long stem, its petals lightly pressed her lips.
"you may have it--in exchange," she said.
he bent down to her, and shebegan to fasten the pink rose in place of the white one on his coat.
shedid not ask him, directly or indirectly, who had put the white one therefor him, because she knew by the way it was pinned that he had done ithimself.
"who is it that ev'ry morning brings me these lovely flow'rs?"
she burlesqued, as he bent over her.
wimby,'" he returned.
"i will point him out to you.
you must seehim, and, also, mr. bodeffer, the oldest inhabitant--and crossest."
"will you present them to me?"
"no; they might talk to you and take some of my time with you away fromme."
her eyes sparkled into his for the merest fraction of a second,and she laughed half mockingly.
then she dropped his lapel and theyproceeded.
she did not put the white rose in her belt, but carried it.
the square was heaving with a jostling, goodnatured, happy, andconstantly increasing crowd that overflowed on main street in bothdirections; and the good nature of this crowd was augmented in the ratiothat its size increased.
the streets were a confusion of many colors,and eager faces filled every window opening on main street or thesquare.
since nine o'clock all those of the courthouse had beenoccupied, and here most of the damsels congregated to enjoy thespectacle of the parade, and their swains attended, gallantly postingthemselves at coignes of less vantage behind the ladies.
some of thefaces that peeped from the dark, old court-house windows werepretty, and some of them were not pretty; but nearly all of them wererosy-cheeked, and all were pleasant to see because of the goodcheer they showed.
some of the gallants affected the airy and easy,entertaining the company with badinage and repartee; some were openlybashful.
now and then one of the latter, after long deliberation,constructed a laborious compliment for his inamorata, and, afteradvancing and propounding half of it, again retired into himself, smitwith a blissful palsy.
nearly all of them conversed in tones that mighthave indicated that they were separated from each other by an acre lotor two.
here and there, along the sidewalk below, a father worked his waythrough the throng, a licorice-bedaubed cherub on one arm, his coat(borne with long enough) on the other; followed by a mother with theother children hanging to her skirts and tagging exasperatinglybehind, holding red and blue toy balloons and delectable batons ofspiral-striped peppermint in tightly closed, sadly sticky fingers.
a thousand cries rent the air; the strolling mountebanks and gypsyingbooth-merchants; the peanut vendors; the boys with palm-leaf fans forsale; the candy sellers; the popcorn peddlers; the italian with the toyballoons that float like a cluster of colored bubbles above the heads ofthe crowd, and the balloons that wail like a baby; the red-lemonademan, shouting in the shrill voice that reaches everywhere andendures forever: "lemo!
five cents, a nickel, ahalf-a-dime, the twentiethpotofadollah!
--all thevociferating harbingers of the circus crying their wares.
timid youth,in shoes covered with dust through which the morning polish but dimlyshone, and unalterably hooked by the arm to blushing maidens, boughtrecklessly of peanuts, of candy, of popcorn, of all known sweetmeats,perchance; and forced their way to the lemonade stands; and there, allshyly, silently sipped the crimson-stained ambrosia.
everywhere thehawkers dinned, and everywhere was heard the plaintive squawk of the toyballoon.
but over all rose the nasal cadence of the cheap john, reeking oratoryfrom his big wagon on the corner: "walk up, walk up, walk up, ladies andgents!
here we are!
here we are!
make hay while we gather the moss.
walkup, one and all.
here i put this solid gold ring, sumptuous and golden,eighteen carats, eighteen golden carats of the priceless mother ofmetals, toiled fer on the wild pacific slope, eighteen garnteed, i putthis golden ring, rich and golden, in the package with the hangkacheef,the elegant and blue-ruled note-paper, self-writing pens, pencil andpenholder.
who takes the lot?
who takes it, ladies and gents?"
his tongue curled about his words; he seemed to love them.
don't turn away, young man--you feller in the greennecktie, there.
we all see the young lady on your arm is a-langrishingfer the golden ring and the package.
faint heart never won fair wummin'.
there you are, sir, and you'll never regret it.
go--and be happy!
now,who's the next man to git solid with his girl fer a quat-of-a-dollah?
life is a mysterus and unviolable shadder, my friends; who kin read itsorgeries?
to-day we are here--but to-morrow we may be in jail.
we are seventh-day adventists, ladies and gents,a-givin' away our belongings in the awful face of michael, fer aquat-of-a-dollah.
the same price fer each-an-devery individual, lady andgent, man, wummin, wife and child, and happiness to one and all fer aquat-of-a-dollah!"
down the middle of the street, kept open between the waiting crowd, ranbarefoot boys, many of whom had not slept at home, but had kept vigil inthe night mists for the coming of the show, and, having seen the muffledpageant arrive, swathed, and with no pomp and panoply, had returned totown, rioting through jewelled cobwebs in the morning fields, happy inthe pride of knowledge of what went on behind the scenes.
to-night, orto-morrow, the runaways would face a woodshed reckoning with outragedancestry; but now they caracoled in the dust with no thought of the grimdeeds to be done upon them.
in the court-house yard, and so sinning in the very eye of the law,two swarthy, shifty-looking gentlemen were operating (with some greasywalnut shells and a pea) what the fanciful or unsophisticated might havebeen pleased to call a game of chance; and the most intent spectator ofthe group around them was mr. james bardlock, the town marshal.
hewas simply and unofficially and earnestly interested.
thus the eye ofjustice may not be said to have winked upon the nefariousness now underits vision; it gazed with strong curiosity, an itch to dabble, and (itmust be admitted) a growing hope of profit.
the game was so direct andthe player so sure.
several countrymen had won small sums, and one, acharmingly rustic stranger, with a peculiar accent (he said that him andhis goil should now have a smoot' old time off his winninks--though thelady was not manifested), had won twenty-five dollars with no trouble atall.
the two operators seemed depressed, declaring the luck against themand the plattville people too brilliant at the game.
it was wonderful how the young couples worked their way arm-in-armthrough the thickest crowds, never separating.
even at the lemonadestands they drank holding the glasses in their outer hands--such are thesacrifices demanded by etiquette.
but, observing the gracious outpouringof fortune upon the rustic with the rare accent, a youth in a green tiedisengaged his arm--for the first time in two hours--from that of agirl upon whose finger there shone a ring, sumptuous and golden, and,conducting her to a corner of the yard, bade her remain there until hereturned.
he had to speak to hartly bowlder, he explained.
then he plunged, red-faced and excited, into the circle about the shellmanipulators, and offered, to lay a wager.
"hol' on there, hen fentriss," thickly objected a flushed young manbeside him, "iss my turn."
hartley," returned the other.
"you can hold yer bosses aminute, i reckon."
"plenty fer each and all, chents," interrupted one of the shell-men.
"place yer spondulicks on de little ball.
wich is de next lucky oneto win our money?
chent bets four sixty-five he seen de little ballgo under de middle shell.
up she comes!
dis time _we_ wins; plattvillecan't win _every_ time.
who's de next chent?"
fentriss edged slowly out of the circle, abashed, and with rapidlywhitening cheeks.
he paused for a moment, outside, slowly realizing thatall his money had gone in one wild, blind whirl--the money he had earnedso hard and saved so hard, to make a holiday for his sweetheart andhimself.
he stole one glance around the building to where a patientfigure waited for him.
then he fled down a side alley and soon was outupon the country road, tramping soddenly homeward through the dust, hischin sunk in his breast and his hands clenched tight at his sides.
nowand then he stopped and bitterly hurled a stone at a piping bird on afence, or gay bob white in the fields.
at noon the patient figure wasstill waiting in the corner of the court-house yard, meekly twisting thegolden ring upon her finger.
but the flushed young man who had spoken thickly to her deserter drewan envied roll of bankbills from his pocket and began to bet withtipsy caution, while the circle about the gamblers watched with fervidinterest, especially mr. bardlock, town marshal.
from far up main street came the cry "she's a-comin'!
and, this announcement of the parade proving only one of a dozen falsealarms, a thousand discussions took place over old-fashioned silvertimepieces as to when "she" was really due.
schofields' henry was muchappealed to as an arbiter in these discussions, from a sense of hishaving a good deal to do with time in a general sort of way; and thusschofields' came to be reminded that it was getting on toward teno'clock, whereas, in the excitement of festival, he had not yet strucknine.
this, rushing forthwith to do, he did; and, in the elation of themoment, seven or eight besides.
miss helen sherwood was looking down onthe mass of shifting color from a second-story window--whither manyan eye was upturned in wonder--and she had the pleasure of seeingschofields' emerge on the steps beneath her, when the bells had done,and heard the cheers (led by mr. martin) with which the laughing crowdgreeted his appearance after the performance of his feat.
she turned beamingly to harkless.
"what a family it is!"
"just one big, jolly family.
i didn't know people could be like thisuntil i came to plattville."
"that is the word for it," he answered, resting his hand on the casementbeside her.
"i used to think it was desolate, but that was long ago."
heleaned from the window to look down.
in his dark cheek was a glow carlowfolk had never seen there; and somehow he seemed less thin and tired;indeed, he did not seem tired at all, by far the contrary; and hecarried himself upright (when he was not stooping to see under thehat), though not as if he thought about it.
"i believe they are the bestpeople i know," he went on.
"perhaps it is because they have been sokind to me; but they are kind to each other, too; kind, good people----""i know," she said, nodding--a flower on the gauzy hat set to vibratingin a tantalizing way.
there are fat women who rock and rockon piazzas by the sea, and they speak of country people as the 'lowerclasses.'
how happy this big family is in not knowing it is the lowerclasses!"
"we haven't read nordau down here," said john.
"old tommartin's favorite work is 'the descent of man.'
miss tibbs admirestupper, and 'beulah,' and some of us possess the works of e. p. roe--andwhy not?"
"yes; what of it," she returned, "since you escape nordau?
i think theconversation we hear from the other windows is as amusing and quite asloud as most of that i hear in rouen during the winter; and rouen, youknow, is just like any other big place nowadays, though i supposethere are philadelphians, for instance, who would be slow to believe astatement like that."
"oh, but they are not all of philadelphia----" he left the sentence,smilingly.
"and yet somebody said, 'the further west i travel the more convinced iam the wise men came from the east.'"
"yes," he answered.
"'from' is the important word in that."
"it was a girl from southeast cottonbridge, massachusetts," said helen,"who heard i was from indiana and asked me if i didn't hate to live sofar away from things."
there was a pause, while she leaned out of thewindow with her face aside from him.
then she remarked carelessly, "imet her at winter harbor."
"do you go to winter harbor?"
"we have gone there every summer until this one, for years.
have youfriends who go there?"
there was a classmate of mine from rouen----""what was his name?
perhaps i know him."
she stole a glance at him.
hisface had fallen into sad lines, and he looked like the man who had comeup the aisle with the hon.
a few moments before he hadseemed another person entirely.
"he's forgotten me, i dare say.
i haven't seen him for seven years; andthat's a long time, you know.
besides, he's 'out in the world,' whereremembering is harder.
here in plattville we don't forget."
"were you ever at winter harbor?"
i spent a very happy day there long ago, when you musthave been a little girl.
were you there in--""listen!"
"the procession is coming.
look at the crowd!"
theparade had seized a psychological moment.
there was a fanfare of trumpets in the east.
lines of people rushed forthe street, and, as one looked down on the straw hats and sunbonnets andmany kinds of finer head apparel, tossing forward, they seemed like surfsweeping up the long beaches.
she was coming at last.
the boys whooped in the middle of the street;some tossed their arms to heaven, others expressed their emotion bysomersaults; those most deeply moved walked on their hands.
in thedistance one saw, over the heads of the multitude, tossing banners andthe moving crests of triumphal cars, where "cohorts were shining inpurple and gold."
she _was_ coming.
after all the false alarms anddisappointments, she was coming!
there was another flourish of music.
immediately all the band gavesound, and then, with blare of brass and the crash of drums, the gloryof the parade burst upon plattville.
glory in the utmost!
the resistlessimpetus of the march-time music; the flare of royal banners, of pennonson the breeze; the smiling of beautiful court ladies and great, silkennobles; the swaying of howdahs on camel and elephant, and the awesomeshaking of the earth beneath the elephant's feet, and the gleam of hissmall but devastating eye (every one declared he looked the alarmed mr.snoddy full in the face as he passed, and mr. snoddy felt not atall reassured when tom martin severely hinted that it was with thethreatening glance of a rival); then the badinage of the clown, creakingalong in his donkey cart; the terrific recklessness of the spangled herowho was drawn by in a cage with two striped tigers; the spirit of theprancing steeds that drew the rumbling chariots, and the grace of thehelmeted charioteers; the splendor of the cars and the magnificenceof the paintings with which they were adorned; the ecstasy of all thisglittering, shining, gorgeous pageantry needed even more than walking onyour hands to express.
last of all came the tooting calliope, followed by swarms of boys as itexecuted, "wait till the clouds roll by, jennie" with infinite dash andgusto.
when it was gone, miss sherwood's intent gaze relaxed--she had beenlooking on as eagerly as any child,--and she turned to speak to harklessand discovered that he was no longer in the room; instead, she foundminnie and mr. willetts, whom he had summoned from another window.
"he was called away," explained lige.
"he thought he'd be back beforethe parade was over, and said you were enjoying it so much he didn'twant to speak to you."
she said, inquiringly.
"oh, everybody sends for mr.
"it was a farmer, name of bowlder," added mr. willetts.
"his sonhartley's drinking again, and there ain't any one but harkless can doanything with him.
you let him tackle a sick man to nurse, or a tipsyone to handle, and i tell you," mr. willetts went on with enthusiasm,"he is at home.
it beats me,--and lots of people don't think collegedoes a man any good!
why, the way he cured old fis----""see!"
cried minnie, loudly, pointing out of the window.
there was a swirl in the crowd below.
men were running around a cornerof the court-house, and the women and children were harking after.
theywent so fast, and there were so many of them, that immediately thatwhole portion of the yard became a pushing, tugging, pulling, squirmingjam of people.
"it's on the other side," said lige.
"we can see from the hall window.
come quick, before these other folks fill it up."
they followed him across the building, and looked down on an agitatedswarm of faces.
five men were standing on the entrance steps to thedoor below, and the crowd was thickly massed beyond, leaving a littlesemicircle clear about the steps.
those behind struggled to get closer,and leaped in the air to catch a glimpse of what was going on.
harklessstood alone on the top step, his hand resting on the shoulder of thepale and contrite and sobered hartley.
in the clear space, jim bardlockwas standing with sheepishly hanging head, and between him and harklesswere the two gamblers of the walnut shells.
the journalist held in hishand the implements of their profession.
"give it all up," he was saying in his steady voice.
"you've takeneighty-six dollars from this boy.
hand it over."
the men began to edge closer to the crowd, giving little, swift,desperate, searching looks from left to right, and right to left, movingnervously about, like weasels in a trap.
"close up there tight," saidharkless, sharply.
"don't let them out."
"w'y can't we git no square treatment here?"
one of the gamblers whined;but his eyes, blazing with rage, belied the plaintive passivity of histone.
"we been running no skin.
wy d'ye say we gotter give up our ownmoney?
you gotter prove it was a skin.
we risked our money fair."
come up here, eph watts.
friends," the editor turned to thecrowd, smiling, "friends, here's a man we ran out of town once, becausehe knew too much about things of this sort.
he's come back to us againand he's here to stay.
he'll give us an object-lesson on the shellgame."
"it's pretty simple," remarked mr. watts.
"the best way is to pick upthe ball with your second finger and the back part of your thumb as youpretend to lay the shell down over it: this way."
he illustrated, andshowed several methods of manipulation, with professional sang-froid;and as he made plain the easy swindle by which many had been duped thatmorning, there arose an angry and threatening murmur.
"you all see," said harkless, raising his voice a little, "what a simplecheat it is--and old as pharaoh.
yet a lot of you stood around and lostyour own money, and stared like idiots, and let hartley bowlder loseeighty-odd dollars on a shell racket, and not one of you lifted a hand.
how hard did you work for what these two cheap crooks took from you?
he cried, "it is because you were greedy that they robbed you soeasily.
you know it's true.
it's when you want to get something fornothing that the 'confidence men' steal the money you sweat for andmake the farmer a laughing stock.
and _you_, jim bardlock, townmarshal!--you, who confess that you 'went in the game sixty cents'worth, yourself--" his eyes were lit with wrath as he raised hisaccusing hand and levelled it at the unhappy municipal.
the town marshal smiled uneasily and deprecatingly about him, and,meeting only angry glances, hearing only words of condemnation, hepassed his hand unsteadily over his fat mustache, shifted from oneleg to the other and back again, looked up, looked down, and then, anamiable and pleasure-loving man, beholding nothing but accusation andanger in heaven and earth, and wishing nothing more than to sink intothe waters under the earth, but having no way of reaching them, findinghis troubles quite unbearable, and unable to meet the manifold eye ofman, he sought relief after the unsagacious fashion of a larger birdthan he.
his burly form underwent a series of convulsions not unlikesobs, and he shut his eyes tightly and held them so, presenting apicture of misery unequalled in the memory of any spectator.
harkless'soutstretched hand began to shake.
he tried to continue--"you, aman elected to----"there came from the crowd the sound of a sad, high-keyed voice,drawling: "that's a nice vest jim's got on, but it ain't hardly thefeathers fitten for an ostrich, is it?"
the editor's gravity gave way; he broke into a ringing laugh and turnedagain to the shell-men.
"give up the boy's money.
"step down here and git it," said the one who had spoken.
there was a turbulent motion in the crowd, and a cry arose, "run 'emout!
ride 'em on a rail!
tar and feathers!
run 'em out o' town!"
"i wouldn't dilly-dally long if i were you," said harkless, and hisadvice seemed good to the shell-men.
a roll of bills, which he countedand turned over to the elder bowlder, was sullenly placed in his hand.
the fellow who had not yet spoken clutched the journalist's sleeve withhis dirty hand.
"we hain't done wit' youse," he said, hoarsely.
"don't belief it, notfer a minute, see?"
the town marshal opened his eyes briskly, and placing a hand on each ofthe gamblers, said: "i hereby do arrest your said persons, and declareyou my prisoners."
the cry rose again, louder: "run 'em out!
and a forward rush was made.
"this way, jim.
be quick," said harkless, quietly, bending down andjerking one of the gamblers half-way up the steps.
"get through the hallto the other side and then run them to the lock-up.
no one will stopyou that way.
watts and i will hold this door."
bardlock hustled hisprisoners through the doorway, and the crowd pushed up the steps, whileharkless struggled to keep the vestibule clear until watts got thedouble doors closed.
"stand back, here!"
he cried; "it's all over.
the law is good enough for us.
stand back, will you!"
he was laughing a little, shoving them back with open hand and elbow,when a small, compact group of men suddenly dashed up the stepstogether, and a heavy stick swung out over their heads.
a straw hat witha gay ribbon sailed through the air.
the journalist's long arms wentout swiftly from his body in several directions, the hands not open, butclenched and hard.
the next instant he and mr. watts stood alone on thesteps, and a man with a bleeding, blaspheming mouth dropped hisstick and tried to lose himself in the crowd.
mr. watts was returningsomething he had not used to his hip-pocket.
"prophets of israel!"
exclaimed william todd, ruefully, "it wasn't ephwatts's pistol.
did you see mr. harkless?
i was up on them steps when hebegun.
i don't believe he needs as much takin' care of as we think."
"wasn't it one of them cross-roads devils that knocked his hat off?"
asked judd bennett.
"i thought i see bob skillett run up with a club."
harkless threw open the doors behind him; the hall was empty.
"you maycome in now," he said.
"this isn't my court-house."
they walked slowly back along the pike toward the brick house.
thewhite-ruffed fennel reached up its dusty yellow heads to touch herskirts as she passed, and then drooped, satisfied, against the purpleiron-weed at the roadside.
in the noonday silence no cricket chirped norlocust raised its lorn monotone; the tree shadows mottled the road withblue, and the level fields seemed to pant out a dazzling breath, thetransparent "heat-waves" that danced above the low corn and green wheat.
he was stooping very much as they walked; he wanted to be told thathe could look at her for a thousand years.
her face was rarely andexquisitely modelled, but, perhaps, just now the salient characteristicof her beauty (for the salient characteristic seemed to be a differentthing at different times) was the coloring, a delicate glow under thewhite skin, that bewitched him in its seeming a reflection of the richbenediction of the noonday sun that blazed overhead.
once he had thought the way to the briscoe homestead rather a long walk;but now the distance sped malignantly; and strolled they never soslow, it was less than a "young bird's flutter from a wood."
with heracquiescence he rolled a cigarette, and she began to hum lightly the airof a song, a song of an ineffably gentle, slow movement.
that, and a reference of the morning, and, perhaps, the smell of histobacco mingling with the fragrance of her roses, awoke again the keenreminiscence of the previous night within him.
clearly outlined beforehim rose the high, green slopes and cool cliff-walls of the coast ofmaine, while his old self lazily watched the sharp little waves throughhalf-closed lids, the pale smoke of his cigarette blowing out under therail of a waxen deck where he lay cushioned.
and again a woman peltedhis face with handfuls of rose-petals and cried: "up lad and at 'em!
yonder is winter harbor."
again he sat in the oak-raftered casino,breathless with pleasure, and heard a young girl sing the "angel'sserenade," a young girl who looked so bravely unconscious of the big,hushed crowd that listened, looked so pure and bright and gentle andgood, that he had spoken of her as "sir galahad's little sister."
herecollected he had been much taken with this child; but he had notthought of her from that time to this, he supposed; had almost forgottenher.
her face suddenly stood out to his view as though he sawher with his physical eye--a sweet and vivacious child's face withlight-brown hair and gray eyes and a short upper lip.
... and thevoice....he stopped short and struck his palms together.
"you are tom meredith'slittle cousin!"
"the great harkless!"
she answered, and stretched out her hand to him.
"i remember you!"
"isn't it time?"
"ah, but i never forgot you," he cried.
"i thought i had.
i didn't knowwho it was i was remembering.
i thought it was fancy, and it was memory.
i never forgot your voice, singing--and i remembered your face too;though i thought i didn't."
he drew a deep breath.
"_that_ was why----""tom meredith has not forgotten you," she said, as he paused.
"would you mind shaking hands once more?"
she gave him herhand again.
"with all my heart.
"i'm making a record at it.
"they called me 'sir galahad's little sister' all one summer because thegreat john harkless called me that.
you danced with me in the evening."
"ah," she said, shaking her head, "you were too busy being in love withmrs. van skuyt to remember a waltz with only me!
i was allowed to meetyou as a reward for singing my very best, and you--you bowed with theindulgence of a grandfather, and asked me to dance."
"like a grandfather?
how young i was then!
how time changes us!"
"i'm afraid my conversation did not make a great impression upon you,"she continued.
"but it did.
i am remembering very fast.
if you will wait a moment, iwill tell you some of the things you said."
the girl laughed merrily.
whenever she laughed he realized that it wasbecoming terribly difficult not to tell her how adorable she was.
"iwouldn't risk it, if i were you," she warned him, "because i didn'tspeak to you at all.
i shut my lips tight and trembled all over everybit of the time i was dancing with you.
i did not sleep that night,because i was so unhappy, wondering what the great harkless would thinkof me.
i knew he thought me unutterably stupid because i couldn'ttalk to him.
i wanted to send him word that i knew i had bored him.
i couldn't bear for him not to know that i knew i had.
but he was notthinking of me in any way.
he had gone to sea again in a big boat, theungrateful pirate, cruising with mrs. van skuyt."
"how time _does_ change us!"
"you are wrong, though; i didthink of you; i have al----""yes," she interrupted, tossing her head in airy travesty of the stagecoquette, "you think so--i mean you say so--now.
away with you and yourblarneying!"
and so they went through the warm noontide, and little he cared for theheat that wilted the fat mullein leaves and made the barefoot boy, whopassed by, skip gingerly through the burning dust with anguished mouthand watery eye.
little he knew of the locust that suddenly whirred hismills of shrillness in the maple-tree, and sounded so hot, hot, hot; orthose others that railed at the country quiet from the dim shade aroundthe brick house; or even the rain-crow that sat on the fence and sworeto them in the face of a sunny sky that they should see rain ere the daywere done.
little the young man recked of what he ate at judge briscoe's good noondinner: chicken wing and young roas'n'-ear; hot rolls as light asthe fluff of a summer cloudlet; and honey and milk; and apple-butterflavored like spices of arabia; and fragrant, flaky cherry-pie; andcool, rich, yellow cream.
lige willetts was a lover, yet he said heasked no better than to just go on eating that cherry-pie till a sweetdeath overtook him; but railroad sandwiches and restaurant chops mighthave been set before harkless for all the difference it would have madeto him.
at no other time is a man's feeling of companionship with a womanso strong as when he sits at table with her-not at a "decorated" andbecatered and bewaitered table, but at a homely, appetizing, wholesomehome table like old judge briscoe's.
the very essence of the thing isdomesticity, and the implication is utter confidence and liking.
thereare few greater dangers for a bachelor.
an insinuating imp perches onhis shoulder, and, softly tickling the bachelor's ear with the feathersof an arrow-shaft, whispers: "pretty nice, isn't it, eh?
rather pleasantto have that girl sitting there, don't you think?
enjoy having hernotice your butter-plate was empty?
think it exhilarating to hand herthose rolls?
looks nice, doesn't she?
says 'thank you' rather prettily?
makes your lonely breakfast seem mighty dull, doesn't it?
how would youlike to have her pour your coffee for you to-morrow, my boy?
how wouldit seem to have such pleasant company all the rest of your life?
when miss sherwood passed the editor the apple-butter, the casual,matter-of-course way she did it entranced him in a strange, exquisitewonderment.
he did not set the dish down when she put it in his hand,but held it straight out before him, just looking at it, until mr.willetts had a dangerous choking fit, for which minnie was very proud oflige; no one could have suspected that it was the veil of laughter.
whenhelen told john he really must squeeze a lemon into his iced tea, hefelt that his one need in life was to catch her up in his arms and runaway with her, not anywhere in particular, but just run and run and runaway.
after dinner they went out to the veranda and the gentlemen smoked.
thejudge set his chair down on the ground, tilted back in it with his feeton the steps, and blew a wavery domed city up in the air.
he called itsolid comfort.
he liked to sit out from under the porch roof, he said;he wanted to see more of the sky.
the others moved their chairs down tojoin him in the celestial vision.
there had blown across the heaven afeathery, thin cloud or two, but save for these, there was nothing butglorious and tender, brilliant blue.
it seemed so clear and close onemarvelled the little church spire in the distance did not pierce it;yet, at the same time, the eye ascended miles and miles into warm,shimmering ether.
far away two buzzards swung slowly at anchor, half-wayto the sun.
"'o bright, translucent, cerulean hue,             let my wide wings drift on in you,'"said harkless, pointing them out to helen.
"you seem to get a good deal of fun out of this kind of weather,"observed lige, as he wiped his brow and shifted his chair out of thesun.
"i expect you don't get such skies as this up in rouen," said the judge,looking at the girl from between half-closed eyelids.
"it's the same indiana sky, i think," she answered.
"i guess maybe in the city you don't see as much of it, or think as muchabout it.
yes, they're the indiana skies," the old man went on.
skies as blue        as the eyes of children when they smile at you.'
"there aren't any others anywhere that ever seemed much like them tome.
they've been company for me all my life.
i don't think there are anyothers half as beautiful, and i know there aren't any as sociable.
theywere always so."
he sighed gently, and miss sherwood fancied his wifemust have found the indiana skies as lovely as he had, in the days oflong ago.
"seems to me they _are_ the softest and bluest and kindest inthe world."
"i think they are," said helen, "and they are more beautiful than the'italian skies,' though i doubt if many of us hoosiers realize it;and--certainly no one else does."
the old man leaned over and patted her hand.
chuckled the judge.
"you're a great hoosier, young lady!
howmuch of your life have you spent in the state?
"but i'm going to be a good one," she answered, gaily, "and if i'm goodenough, when i grow up maybe i'll be a great one."
the buckboard had been brought around, and the four young people climbedin, harkless driving.
before they started, the judge, standing on thehorse-block in front of the gate, leaned over and patted miss sherwood'shand again.
harkless gathered up the reins.
"you'll make a great hoosier, all right," said the old man, beaming uponthe girl.
"you needn't worry about that, i guess, my dear."
when he said "my dear," harkless spoke to the horses.
"wait," said the judge, still holding the girl's hand.
"you'll make agreat hoosier, some day; don't fret.
you're already a very beautifulone."
then he bent his white head and kissed her, gallantly.
john said:"good afternoon, judge"; the whip cracked like a pistol-shot, and thebuckboard dashed off in a cloud of dust.
"every once in a while, harkless," the old fellow called after them,"you must remember to look at the team."
the enormous white tent was filled with a hazy yellow light, the warm,dusty, mellow light that thrills the rejoicing heart because it isfound nowhere in the world except in the tents of a circus--thecanvas-filtered sunshine and sawdust atmosphere of show day.
through theentrance the crowd poured steadily, coming from the absorptions ofthe wild-animal tent to feast upon greater wonders; passing around thesawdust ellipse that contained two soul-cloying rings, to find seatswhence they might behold the splendors so soon to be unfolded.
every onewho was not buying the eternal lemonade was eating something; and thefaces of children shone with gourmand rapture; indeed, very often theeyes of them were all you saw, half-closed in palate-gloating over ahuge apple, or a bulky oblong of popcorn, partly unwrapped from itsblue tissue-paper cover; or else it might be a luscious pink crescent ofwatermelon, that left its ravisher stained and dripping to the brow.
here, as in the morning, the hawkers raised their cries inunintermittent shrillness, offering to the musically inclined the happyevenings song-book, alleged to contain those treasures, all the latestsongs of the day, or presented for the consideration of the humorousthe lawrence lapearl joke-book, setting forth in full the art of comicalentertainment and repartee.
(schofields' henry bought two ofthese--no doubt on the principle that two were twice as instructive asone--intending to bury himself in study and do battle with tom martin onhis own ground.)
here swayed the myriad palm-leaf fans; here paraded blushing youth androsy maiden, more relentlessly arm-in-arm than ever; here creptthe octogenarian, mr. bodeffer, shaking on cane and the shoulder ofposterity; here waddled mr. snoddy, who had hurried through the animaltent for fear of meeting the elephant; here marched sturdy yeomen andstout wives; here came william todd and his anna belle, the good williamhushed with the embarrassments of love, but looking out warily withthe white of his eye for mr. martin, and determined not to sit within ahundred yards of him; here rolled in the orbit of habit the bacchanal,mr. wilkerson, who politely answered in kind all the uncouth roaringsand guttural ejaculations of jungle and fen that came from the animaltent; in brief, here came with lightest hearts the population of carlowand part of amo.
helen had found a true word: it was a big family.
jim bardlock, broadlysmiling and rejuvenated, shorn of depression, paused in front of the"reserve" seats, with mrs. bardlock on his arm, and called loudly to agentleman on a tier about the level of jim's head: "how are ye?
i reckonwe were a _little_ too smart fer 'em, this morning, huh?"
five or sixhundred people--every one within hearing--fumed to look at jim; but thegentleman addressed was engaged in conversation with a lady and did notnotice.
bellowed jim, informally.
thepeople turned to look at harkless.
his attention was arrested and hischeek grew red.
"_what is it_?"
he asked, a little confused and a good deal annoyed.
"i don't hear what ye say," shouted jim, putting his hand to his ear.
"_what is it_?"
repeated the young man.
"i'll kill that fellowto-night," he added to lige willetts.
"some one ought to have done itlong ago."
"i _say_, what is it?"
"i only wanted to say me and you certainly did fool these here hoosiersthis morning, huh?
hustled them two fellers through the court-house, andnobody never thought to slip round to the other door and head us off.
we were jest a _leetle_ too many fer 'em, huh?"
from an upper tier of seats the rusty length of mr. martin erecteditself joint by joint, like an extension ladder, and he peered downover the gaping faces at the town marshal.
"excuse me," he said sadly tothose behind him, but his dry voice penetrated everywhere, "i got up tohear jim say 'we' again."
mr. bardlock joined in the laugh against himself, and proceeded withhis wife to some seats, forty or fifty feet distant.
when he had settledhimself comfortably, he shouted over cheerfully to the unhappy editor:"them shell-men got it in fer you, mr.
"ain't that fool shet up _yit_?"
snarled the aged mr. bodeffer,indignantly.
he was sitting near the young couple, and the expressionof his sympathy was distinctly audible to them and many others.
"gotno more regards than a brazing calf-disturbin' a feller with hissweetheart!"
"the both of 'em says they're goin' to do fer you," bleated mr.bardlock.
"swear they'll git their evens with ye."
mr. martin rose again.
"don't git scared and leave town, mr. harkless,"he called out; "jim'll protect you."
vastly to the young man's relief the band began to play, and theequestrians and equestriennes capered out from the dressing-tent for the"grand entrance," and the performance commenced.
through the longsummer afternoon it went on: wonders of horsemanship and horsewomanship;hair-raising exploits on wires, tight and slack; giddy tricks on thehigh trapeze; feats of leaping and tumbling in the rings; while thetireless musicians blatted inspiringly through it all, only pausinglong enough to allow that uproarious jester, the clown, to ask thering-master what he would do if a young lady came up and kissed him onthe street, and to exploit his hilarities during the short intervals ofrest for the athletes.
when it was over, john and helen found themselves in the midst of adensely packed crowd, and separated from miss briscoe and lige.
peoplewere pushing and shoving, and he saw her face grow pale.
he realizedwith a pang of sympathy how helpless he would feel if he were as smallas she, and at his utmost height could only see big, suffocating backsand huge shoulders pressing down from above.
he was keeping them fromcrowding heavily upon her with all his strength, and a royal feeling ofprotectiveness came over him.
she was so little.
and yet, without theremotest hint of hardness, she gave him such a distinct impression ofpoise and equilibrium, she seemed so able to meet anything that mightcome, to understand it--even to laugh at it--so americanly capable andsure of the event, that in spite of her pale cheek he could not feelquite so protective as he wished to feel.
he managed to get her to one of the tent-poles, and placed her with herback to it.
then he set one of his own hands against it over her head,braced himself and stood, keeping a little space about her, ruggedlyletting the crowd surge against him as it would; no one should touch herin rough carelessness.
it was rather trying in there," she said, and looked up intohis eyes with a divine gratitude.
"please don't do that," he answered in a low voice.
"look like that."
she not only looked like that, but more so.
"young man, young man," shesaid, "i fear you're wishful of turning a girl's head."
the throng was thick around them, garrulous and noisy, but they two weremore richly alone together, to his appreciation, than if they stood onsome far satellite of mars.
he was not to forget that moment, and hekept the picture of her, as she leaned against the big blue tent-pole,there, in his heart: the clear gray eyes lifted to his, the delicateface with the color stealing back to her cheeks, and the brave littlefigure that had run so straight to him out of the night shadows.
therewas something about her, and in the moment, that suddenly touched himwith a saddening sweetness too keen to be borne; the forget-me-notfinger of the flying hour that could not come again was laid on hissoul, and he felt the tears start from his heart on their journey to hiseyes.
he knew that he should always remember that moment.
she knew it,too.
she put her hand to her cheek and turned away from him a littletremulously.
both were silent.
they had been together since early morning.
plattville was proud of him.
many a friendly glance from the folk who jostled about them favored hissuit and wished both of them well, and many lips, opening to speak toharkless in passing, closed when their owners (more tactful than mr.bardlock) looked a second time.
old tom martin, still perched alone on his high seat, saw them standingby the tent-pole, and watched them from under his rusty hat brim.
"ireckon it's be'n three or four thousand years since i was young," hesighed to himself; then, pushing his hat still further down over hiseyes: "i don't believe i'd ort to rightly look on at that."
hesighed again as he rose, and gently spoke the name of his dead wife:"marjie,--it's be'n lonesome, sometimes.
i reckon you're mighty tiredwaitin' for me, ever since sixty-four--yet maybe not; ulysses s. grant'sover on your side now, and perhaps you've got acquainted with him; youalways thought a good deal more of him than you did of me."
"do you see that tall old man up there?"
said helen, nodding her headtoward martin.
"i think i should like to know him.
i'm sure i like him."
"that is old tom martin."
"i was sorry and ashamed about all that conspicuousness and shouting.
it must have been very unpleasant for you; it must have been so, for astranger.
please try to forgive me for letting you in for it."
"but i liked it.
it was 'all in the family,' and it was so jolly andgood-natured, and that dear old man was so bright.
do you know," shesaid softly, "i don't think i'm such a stranger--i--i think i love allthese people a great deal--in spite of having known them only two days."
at that a wild exhilaration possessed him.
he wanted to shake handswith everybody in the tent, to tell them all that he loved them withhis whole heart, but, what was vastly more important, _she_ loved them agreat deal--in spite of having known them only two days!
he made the horses prance on the homeward drive, and once, when shetold him that she had read a good many of his political columns in the"herald," he ran them into a fence.
after this it occurred to him thatthey were nearing their destination and had come at a perversely sharpgait; so he held the roans down to a snail's pace (if it be true that asnail's natural gait is not a trot) for the rest of the way, while theytalked of tom meredith and books and music, and discovered that theydiffered widely about ibsen.
they found mr. fisbee in the yard, talking to judge briscoe.
as theydrove up, and before the horses had quite stopped, helen leaped to theground and ran to the old scholar with both her hands outstretched tohim.
he looked timidly at her, and took the hands she gave him; thenhe produced from his pocket a yellow telegraph envelope, watchingher anxiously as she received it.
however, she seemed to attach noparticular importance to it, and, instead of opening it, leaned towardhim, still holding one of his hands.
"these awful old men!"
harkless groaned inwardly as he handed the horsesover to the judge.
"i dare say _he_'ll kiss her, too."
but, when theeditor and mr. willetts had gone, it was helen who kissed fisbee.
"they're coming out to spend the evening, aren't they?"
asked briscoe,nodding to the young men as they set off down the road.
"lige has to come whether he wants to or not," minnie laughed, ratherconsciously; "it's his turn to-night to look after mr.
"i guess he won't mind coming," said the judge.
"well," returned his daughter, glancing at helen, who stood apart,reading the telegram to fisbee, "i know if he follows mr. harklesshe'll get here pretty soon after supper--as soon as the moon comes up,anyway."
the editor of the "herald" was late to his supper that evening.
it wasdusk when he reached the hotel, and, for the first time in history, agentleman sat down to meat in that house of entertainment in eveningdress.
there was no one in the diningroom when he went in; the otherboarders had finished, and it was cynthia's "evening out," but thelandlord came and attended to his guests' wants himself, and chattedwith him while he ate.
"there's a picture of henry clay," remarked landis, in obvious relevancyto his companion's attire, "there's a picture of henry clay somewheresabout the house in a swallow-tail coat.
governor ray spoke here in onein early times, bodeffer says, except it was higher built up 'n yournabout the collar, and had brass buttons, i think.
ole man wimby washere to-night," the landlord continued, changing the subject.
"hewaited around fer ye a good while.
he's be'n mighty wrought up sence thetrouble this morning, an' wanted to see ye bad.
i don't know 'f youseen it, but that feller 't knocked your hat off was mighty near toreto pieces in the crowd before he got away.
'seems some the boysre-_cog_-nized him as one the cross-roads skillets, and sicked the dogson him, and he had a pretty mean time of it.
wimby says the cross-roadsfolks'll be worse 'n ever, and, says he, 'tell him to stick close totown,' says he.
'they'll do anything to git him now,' says he, 'and_resk_ anything.'
i told him you wouldn't take no stock in it, but, seehere, don't you put nothin' too mean fer them folks.
i tell you, mr.harkless, plenty of us are scared fer ye."
the good fellow was so earnest that when the editor's meal was finishedand he would have departed, landis detained him almost by force untilthe arrival of mr. willetts, who, the landlord knew, was his allottedescort' for the evening.
when lige came (wearing a new tie, a pink onehe had hastened to buy as soon as his engagements had allowed himthe opportunity), mr. landis hissed a savage word of reproach for histardiness in his ear, and whisperingly bade him not let the other outof reach that night, to which willetts replied with a nod implying histrustworthiness; and the young men set off in the darkness.
harkless wondered if his costume were not an injustice to his companion,but he did not regret it; he would wear his best court suit, his lacesand velvets, for deference to that lady.
it was a painful thing toremember his dusty rustiness of the night before, the awful carlow cutof his coat, and his formless black cravat; the same felt hat he woreagain to-night, perforce, but it was brushed--brushed almost to holes inspots, and somehow he had added a touch of shape to it.
his dress-coatwas an antique; fashions had changed, no doubt; he did not know;possibly she would recognize its vintage--but it was a dress-coat.
lige walked along talking; harkless answering "yes" and "no" at random.
the woodland-spiced air was like champagne to him; the road under footso elastic and springy that he felt like a thoroughbred before a race;he wanted to lift his foot knee-high at every step, he had so muchenergy to spare.
in the midst of a speech of lige's about the look ofthe wheat he suddenly gave out a sigh so deep, so heartfelt, so vibrant,so profound, that willetts turned with astonishment; but when his eyereached his companion's face, harkless was smiling.
the editor extendedhis hand.
"shake hands, lige," he cried.
the moon peeped over the shoulder of an eastern wood, and the youngmen suddenly descried their long shadows stretching in front of them.
harkless turned to look at the silhouetted town, the tree-tops and roofsand the methodist church spire, silvered at the edges.
"do you see that town, willetts?"
he asked, laying his fingers on hiscompanion's sleeve.
"that's the best town in the united states!"
"i always kind of thought you didn't much like it," said the other,puzzled.
"seemed to me you always sort of wished you hadn't settledhere."
a little further on they passed mr. fisbee.
he was walking into thevillage with his head thrown back, a strange thing for him.
they gavehim a friendly greeting and passed on.
"well, it beats me!"
observed lige, when the old man was out of hearing.
"he's be'n there to supper again.
he was there all day yesterday, andwith 'em at the lecture, and at the deepo day before and he looks likeanother man, and dressed up--for him--to beat thunder----what do youexpect makes him so thick out there all of a sudden?"
"i hadn't thought about it.
the judge and he have been friends a goodwhile, haven't they?"
"yes, three or four years; but not like this.
it beats _me_!
he's allupset over miss sherwood, i think.
old enough to be her grandfather,too, the old----"his companion stopped him, dropping a hand on his shoulder.
they were at the corner of the briscoe picket fence, and a sound liltedthrough the stillness--a touch on the keys that harkless knew.
it was the "moonlight sonata" that helen was playing.
"it's a prettypiece," observed lige after a time.
john could have choked him, but heanswered: "yes, it is seraphic."
"who made it up?"
pursued mr. willetts.
"foreigner, i expect.
yet in some way or another makes me think offishing down on the wabash bend in vigo, and camping out nights likethis; it's a mighty pretty country around there--especially at night."
the sonata was finished, and then she sang--sang the "angel's serenade."
as the soft soprano lifted and fell in the modulations of that songthere was in its timbre, apart from the pure, amber music of it, aquesting, seeking pathos, and willetts felt the hand on his shouldertighten and then relax; and, as the song ended, he saw that hiscompanion's eyes were shining and moist.
there was a lace of faint mists along the creek and beyond, when johnand helen reached their bench (of course they went back there), andbroken roundelays were croaking from a bayou up the stream, where rakishfrogs held carnival in resentment of the lonesomeness.
the air was stilland close.
hundreds of fire-flies coquetted with the darkness amongstthe trees across the water, glinting from unexpected spots, shadingtheir little lanterns for a second to glow again from other shadows.
thesky was a wonderful olive green; a lazy cloud drifted in it and lappeditself athwart the moon.
"the dead painters design the skies for us each day and night, i think,"helen said, as she dropped a little scarf from her shoulders and leanedback on the bench.
"it must be the only way to keep them happy and busy'up there.'
they let them take turns, and those not on duty, probablyfloat around and criticise."
"they've given a good man his turn to-night," said john; "some quietcolorist, a poetic, friendly soul, no turner--though i think i've seen aturner sunset or two in plattville."
"it was a sculptor's sunset this evening.
did you see it?--greatmassy clouds piled heap on heap, almost with violence.
i'm sure it wasmichelangelo.
the judge didn't think it meant michelangelo; he thoughtit meant rain."
"michelangelo gets a chance rather often, doesn't he, considering thenumber of art people there must be over there?
i believe i've seen agood many sunsets of his, and a few dawns, too; the dawns not for along time--i used to see them more frequently toward the close of senioryear, when we sat up all night talking, knowing we'd lose one anothersoon, and trying to hold on as long as we could."
she turned to him with a little frown.
"why have you never let tommeredith know you were living so near him, less than a hundred miles,when he has always liked and admired you above all the rest of mankind?
i know that he has tried time and again to hear of you, but the othermen wrote that they knew nothing--that it was thought you had goneabroad.
i had heard of you, and so must he have seen your name in therouen papers--about the 'white-caps,' and in politics--but he wouldnever dream of connecting the plattville mr. harkless with _his_ mr.harkless, though _i_ did, just a little, and rather vaguely.
i knew, ofcourse, when you came into the lecture.
but why haven't you written tomy cousin?"
"rouen seems a long way from here," he answered quietly.
"i've only beenthere once--half a day on business.
except that, i've never been furtheraway than amo or gainesville, for a convention or to make a speech,since i came here."
she exclaimed, "to shut yourself up like this!
i said it wasfine to drop out of the world; but why have you cut off your old friendsfrom you?
why haven't you had a relapse, now and then, and come overto hear ysaye play and melba sing, or to see mansfield or henry irving,when we have had them?
and do you think you've been quite fair to tom?
what right had you to assume that he had forgotten you?"
"oh, i didn't exactly mean forgotten," he said, pulling a blade of grassto and fro between his fingers, staring at it absently.
"it's only thati have dropped out of the world, you know.
i kept track of every one,saw most of my friends, or corresponded, now and then, for a year or soafter i left college; but people don't miss you much after a while.
they rather expected me to do a lot of things, in a way, you know, andi wasn't doing them.
i was glad to get away.
i always had an itch fornewspaper work, and i went on a new york paper.
maybe it was the wrongpaper; at least, i wasn't fit for it.
there was something in the sideof life i saw, too, not only on the paper, that made me heart-sick; andthen the rush and fight and scramble to be first, to beat the other man.
probably i am too squeamish.
i saw classmates and college friends divinginto it, bound to come out ahead, dear old, honest, frank fellows, whohad been so happy-go-lucky and kind and gay, growing too busy to meetand be good to any man who couldn't be good to them, asking (moredelicately) the eternal question, 'what does it get me?'
you might thinki bad-met with unkindness; but it was not so; it was the other way morethan i deserved.
but the cruel competition, the thousands fighting forplaces, the multitude scrambling for each ginger-bread baton, the coldfaces on the streets--perhaps it's all right and good; of course it hasto _be_--but i wanted to get out of it, though i didn't want to come_here_.
that was chance.
a new man bought the paper i was working for,and its policy changed.
many of the same men still wrote for it, facingcheerfully about and advocating a tricky theory, vehement champions of aset of personal schemers and waxy images."
he spoke with feeling; but now, as though a trifle ashamed of too muchseriousness, and justifiably afraid of talking like one of his owneditorials, he took a lighter tone.
"i had been taken on the paperthrough a friend and not through merit, and by the same undeserved,kindly influence, after a month or so i was set to writing shortpolitical editorials, and was at it nearly two years.
when the paperchanged hands the new proprietor indicated that he would be willing tohave me stay and write the other way.
i refused; and it became somewhatplain to me that i was beginning to be a failure.
"a cousin of mine, the only relative i had, died in chicago, and i wentto his funeral.
i happened to hear of the carlow 'herald' through anagent there, the most eloquent gentleman i ever met.
i was younger, andeven more thoughtless than now, and i had a little money and i handed itover for the 'herald.'
i wanted to run a paper myself, and to build up apower!
and then, though i only lived here the first few years of mylife and all the rest of it had been spent in the east, i was born inindiana, and, in a way, the thought of coming back to a life-work in mynative state appealed to me.
i always had a dim sort of feeling thatthe people out in these parts knew more--had more sense and were lessartificial, i mean--and were kinder, and tried less to be somebody else,than almost any other people anywhere.
and i believe it's so.
it's dull,here in carlow, of course--that is, it used to be.
the agent explainedthat i could make the paper a daily at once, with an enormouscirculation in the country.
i was very, very young.
then i came here andsaw what i had got.
possibly it is because i am sensitive that i neverlet tom know.
they expected me to amount to something; but i don'tbelieve his welcome would be less hearty to a failure--he is a goodheart."
she cried, and clapped her hands and laughed.
"i'm really not very tragic about it, though i must seem consumed withself-pity," he returned, smiling.
"it is only that i have dropped out ofthe world while tom is still in it."
"dropped out of the world!'"
she echoed, impatiently.
"can't you seeyou've dropped into it?
that you----""last night i was honored by your praise of my graceful mode of quittingit!"
"and so you wish me to be consistent!"
she retorted scornfully.
"whatbecomes of your gallantry when _we_ abide by reason?"
"true enough; equality is a denial of privilege."
"and privilege is a denial of equality.
i don't like that at all."
she turned a serious, suddenly illuminated face upon him and spokeearnestly.
"it's my hobby, i should tell you, and i'm very tired of thatnonsense about 'women always sounding the personal note.'
it _should_be sounded as we would sound it.
and i think we could bear the loss of'privilege'--"he laughed and raised a protesting hand.
"but _we_ couldn't."
"no, you couldn't; it's the ribbon of superiority in your buttonhole.
i know several women who manage to live without men to open doors forthem, and i think i could bear to let a man pass before me now and then,or wear his hat in an office where i happened to be; and i could get myown ice at a dance, i think, possibly with even less fuss and scramblethan i've sometimes observed in the young men who have done it for me.
but you know you would never let us do things for ourselves, no matterwhat legal equality might be declared, even when we get representationfor our taxation.
you will never be able to deny yourselves givingus our 'privilege.'
i hate being waited on.
i'd rather do things formyself."
she was so earnest in her satire, so full of scorn and so serious inher meaning, and there was such a contrast between what she said and herperson; she looked so preeminently the pretty marquise, all silks andsoftness, the little exquisite, so essentially to be waited on andhelped, to have cloaks thrown over the dampness for her to tread upon,to be run about for--he could see half a dozen youths rushing aboutfor her ices, for her carriage, for her chaperone, for her wrap, atdances--that to save his life he could not repress a chuckle.
he managedto make it inaudible, however; and it was as well that he did.
"i understand your love of newspaper work," she went on, lessvehemently, but not less earnestly.
"i have always wanted to do itmyself, wanted to immensely.
i can't think of any more fascinating wayof earning one's living.
and i know i could do it.
why don't you makethe 'herald' a daily?"
to hear her speak of "earning one's living" was too much for him.
she gave the impression of riches, not only for the fine texture andfashioning of her garments, but one felt that luxuries had wrappedher from her birth.
he had not had much time to wonder what she did inplattville; it had occurred to him that it was a little odd that shecould plan to spend any extent of time there, even if she had likedminnie briscoe at school.
he felt that she must have been sheltered andpetted and waited on all her life; one could not help yearning to waiton her.
he answered inarticulately, "oh, some day," in reply to her question,and then burst into outright laughter.
"i might have known you wouldn't take me seriously," she said with noindignation, only a sad wistfulness.
"i am well used to it.
i think itis because i am not tall; people take big girls with more gravity.
bigpeople are nearly always listened to."
he said, and felt that he must throw himself on his kneesbefore her.
"you oughtn't to mind being titania.
she was listened to,you----"she sprang to her feet and her eyes flashed.
"do you think personalcomment is ever in good taste?"
she cried fiercely, and in his surprisehe almost fell off the bench.
"if there is one thing i cannot bear,it is to be told that i am '_small_' i am not!
every one who isn't agiantess isn't '_small_'.
i _hate_ personalities!
i am a great deal overfive feet, a great deal more than that.
i----""please, _please_," he said, "i didn't----""don't say you are sorry," she interrupted, and in spite of hiscontrition he found her angry voice delicious, it was still so sweet,hot with indignation, but ringing, not harsh.
"don't say you didn't meanit; because you did!
you can't unsay it, you cannot alter it!
shedrew in her breath with a sharp sigh, and covering her face with herhands, sank back upon the bench.
"i will not cry," she said, not sofirmly as she thought she did.
"my blessed child!"
he cried, in great distress and perturbation, "whathave i done?
i--i----""call me 'small' all you like!"
"i don't care.
you mustn't think me such an imbecile."
she dropped her hands fromher face and shook the tears from her eyes with a mournful laugh.
he sawthat her hands were clenched tightly and her lip trembled.
"i will notcry!"
she said in a low voice.
"somebody ought to murder me; i ought to have thought--personalities_are_ hideous----""don't!
it wasn't that."
"i ought to be shot----""ah, please don't say that," she said, shuddering; "please don't, noteven as a joke--after last night."
"but i ought to be for hurting you, indeed----"she laughed sadly, again.
"it wasn't that.
i don't care what you callme.
i am small.
you'll try to forgive me for being such a baby?
i didn'tmean anything i said.
i haven't acted so badly since i was a child."
"it's my fault, all of it.
i've tired you out.
and i let you get intothat crush at the circus--" he was going on, remorsefully.
"i don't think i would have missed thecircus."
he had a thrilling hope that she meant the tent-pole; shelooked as if she meant that, but he dared not let himself believe it.
"no," he continued; "i have been so madly happy in being with you thati've fairly worn out your patience.
i've haunted you all day, and ihave----""all that has nothing to do with it," she said, slowly.
"just after youleft, this afternoon, i found that i could not stay here.
my people aregoing abroad, to dresden, at once, and i must go with them.
that's whatalmost made me cry.
i leave to-morrow morning."
he felt something strike at his heart.
in the sudden sense of dearthhe had no astonishment that she should betray such agitation overher departure from a place she had known so little, and friends whocertainly were not part of her life.
he rose to his feet, and, restinghis arm against a sycamore, stood staring away from her at nothing.
she did not move.
there was a long silence.
he had wakened suddenly; the skies had been sapphire, the sward emerald,plattville a camelot of romance; to be there, enchantment--and now, likea meteor burned out in a breath, the necromancy fell away and he gazedinto desolate years.
the thought of the square, his dusty office, thebleak length of main street, as they should appear to-morrow, gave hima faint physical sickness.
to-day it had all been touched to beauty; hehad felt fit to live and work there a thousand years--a fool's dream,and the waking was to emptiness.
he should die now of hunger and thirstin that sahara; he hoped the fates would let it be soon--but he knewthey would not; knew that this was hysteria, that in his endurance heshould plod on, plod, plod dustily on, through dingy, lonely years.
there was a rumble of thunder far out on the western prairie.
a coldbreath stole through the hot stillness, and an arm of vapor reached outbetween the moon and the quiet earth.
the man and thegirl kept silence between them.
they might have been two sad guardiansof the black little stream that splashed unseen at their feet.
now andthen an echo of far away lightning faintly illumined them with a greenlight.
thunder rolled nearer, ominously; the gods were driving theirchariots over the bridge.
the chill breath passed, leaving the air againto its hot inertia.
"i did not want to go," she said, at last, with tears just below thesurface of her voice.
"i wanted to stay here, but he--they wouldn't--ican't."
"wanted to stay here?"
he said, huskily, not turning.
"in rouen, you mean?"
he turned now, astounded.
"yes; wouldn't you have taken me on the 'herald'?"
she rose and cametoward him.
"i could have supported myself here if you would--and i'vestudied how newspapers are made; i know i could have earned a wage.
wecould have made it a daily."
he searched in vain for a trace of railleryin her voice; there was none; she seemed to intend her words to be takenliterally.
"i don't understand," he said.
"i don't know what you mean."
"i mean that i want to stay here; that i ought to stay here; that myconscience tells me i should--but i can't and it makes me very unhappy.
that was why i acted so badly."
"oh, i know what a jumble and puzzle it must seem to you."
"i only know one thing; that you are going away to-morrow morning, andthat i shall never see you again."
the darkness had grown heavy.
they could not see each other; but a wanglimmer gave him a fleeting, misty view of her; she stood half-turnedaway from him, her hand to her cheek in the uncertain fashion of hisgreat moment of the afternoon; her eyes-he saw in the flying picturethat he caught--were adorably troubled and her hand trembled.
she hadbeen irresistible in her gaiety; but now that a mysterious distressassailed her, the reason for which he had no guess, she was so divinelypathetic; and seemed such a rich and lovely and sad and happy thing tohave come into his life only to go out of it; and he was so full ofthe prophetic sense of loss of her--it seemed so much like losingeverything--that he found too much to say to be able to say anything.
he tried to speak, and choked a little.
a big drop of rain fell on hisbare head.
neither of them noticed the weather or cared for it.
theystood with the renewed blackness hanging like a thick drapery betweenthem.
"can--can you--tell me why you think you ought not to go?"
he whispered,finally, with a great effort.
"no; not now.
but i know you would think i am right in wanting to stay,"she cried, impulsively.
"i know you would, if you knew about it--but ican't, i can't.
i must go in the morning."
"i should always think you right," he answered in an unsteady tone,"always!"
he went over to the bench, fumbled about for his hat, andpicked it up.
"come," he said, gently, "i am going now."
she stood quite motionless for a full minute or longer; then, without aword, she moved toward the house.
he went to her with hands extended tofind her, and his fingers touched her sleeve.
then together and silentlythey found the garden-path; and followed its dim length.
in the orchardhe touched her sleeve again and led the way.
as they came out behind the house she detained him.
stopping short, sheshook his hand from her arm.
she spoke in a single breath, as if it wereall one word:"will you tell me why you go?
it is not late.
why do you wish to leaveme, when i shall not see you again?"
"the lord be good to me!"
he broke out, all his long-pent passion ofdreams rushing to his lips, now that the barrier fell.
"don't you seeit is because i can't bear to let you go?
i hoped to get away withoutsaying it.
i want to be alone.
i want to be with myself and try torealize.
i didn't want to make a babbling idiot of myself--but i am!
it is because i don't want another second of your sweetness to leavean added pain when you've gone.
it is because i don't want to hear yourvoice again, to have it haunt me in the loneliness you will leave--butit's useless, useless!
i shall hear it always, just as i shall alwayssee your face, just as i have heard your voice and seen your face theseseven years--ever since i first saw you, a child at winter harbor.
iforgot for a while; i thought it was a girl i had made up out of my ownheart, but it was you--you always!
the impression i thought nothing ofat the time, just the merest touch on my heart, light as it was, grewand grew deeper until it was there forever.
you've known me twenty-fourhours, and i understand what you think of me for speaking to you likethis.
if i had known you for years and had waited and had the right tospeak and keep your respect, what have i to offer you?
i, couldn't eventake care of you if you went mad as i and listened.
i've no excuse forthis raving.
yes, i have!"
he saw her in another second of lightning, a sudden, bright one.
herback was turned to him; she had taken a few startled steps from him.
"ah," he cried, "you are glad enough, now, to see me go!
i knew it.
iwanted to spare myself that.
i tried not to be a hysterical fool in youreyes."
he turned aside and his head fell on his breast.
"god help me,"he said, "what will this place be to me now?"
the breeze had risen; it gathered force; it was a chill wind, and thererose a wailing on the prairie.
drops of rain began to fall.
"you will not think a question implied in this," he said morecomposedly, and with an unhappy laugh at himself.
"i believe you willnot think me capable of asking you if you care----""no," she answered; "i--i do not love you."
was it a question, after all?
i--you read me better than i do,perhaps--but if i asked, i knew the answer."
she made as if to speak again, but words refused her.
after a moment, "good-by," he said, very steadily.
"i thank you forthe charity that has given me this little time with you--it will alwaysbe--precious to me--i shall always be your servant."
his steadiness didnot carry him to the end of his sentence.
she started toward him and stopped, without his seeing her.
she answerednothing; but stretched out her hand to him and then let it fall quickly.
"good-by," he said again.
"i shall go out the orchard gate.
please tellthem good-night for me.
won't you speak to me?
he stood waiting while the rising wind blew their garments about them.
she leaned against the wall of the house.
"won't you say good-by andtell me you can forget my----"she did not speak.
he cried, wildly.
"since you don't forget it!
i have spoiledwhat might have been a pleasant memory for you, and i know it.
you werealready troubled, and i have added, and you won't forget it, nor shalli--nor shall i!
don't say good-by--i can say it for both of us.
godbless you--and good-by, good-by, good-by!"
he crushed his hat down over his eyes and ran toward the orchard gate.
for a moment lightning flashed repeatedly; she saw him go out the gateand disappear into sudden darkness.
he ran through the field and cameout on the road.
heaven and earth were revealed again for a dazzlingwhite second.
from horizon to horizon rolled clouds contorted likean illimitable field of inverted haystacks, and beneath them enormousvolumes of pale vapor were tumbling in the west, advancing eastward withsinister swiftness.
she ran to a little knoll at the corner of the houseand saw him set his face to the storm.
she cried aloud to him with allher strength and would have followed, but the wind took the words out ofher mouth and drove her back cowering to the shelter of the house.
out on the road the dust came lashing and stinging him like a thousandnettles; it smothered him, and beat upon him so that he covered his facewith his sleeve and fought into the storm shoulder foremost, dimly gladof its rage, scarcely conscious of it, keeping westward on his way tonowhere.
west or east, south or north--it was all one to him.
the fewheavy drops that fell boiling into the dust ceased to come; the rainwithheld while the wind-kings rode on earth.
on he went in spite ofthem.
on and on, running blindly when he could run at all.
at least, thewind-kings were company.
he had been so long alone.
he could remember nohome that had ever been his since he was a little child, neither fathernor mother, no one who belonged to him or to whom he belonged, exceptone cousin, an old man who was dead.
for a day his dreams had found in agirl's eyes the precious thing that is called home--oh, the wild fancy!
he laughed aloud.
there was a startling answer; a lance of living fire hurled fromthe sky, riving the fields before his eyes, while crash on crash ofartillery numbed his ears.
with that his common-sense awoke and helooked about him.
he was almost two miles from town; the nearest housewas the briscoes' far down the road.
he knew the rain would come now.
there was a big oak near him at the roadside.
he stepped under itssheltering branches and leaned against the great trunk, wiping theperspiration and dust from his face.
a moment of stunned quiet hadsucceeded the peal of thunder.
it was followed by several moments ofincessant lightning that played along the road and danced in the fields.
from that intolerable brightness he turned his head and saw, standingagainst the fence, five feet away, a man, leaning over the top rail andlooking at him.
the same flash staggered brilliantly before helen's eyes as she crouchedagainst the back steps of the brick house.
it scarred a picture like amarine of big waves: the tossing tops of the orchard trees; for in thesame second the full fury of the storm was loosed, wind and rain andhail.
it drove her against the kitchen door with cruel force; the latchlifted, the door blew open violently, and she struggled to close it invain.
the house seemed to rock.
a lamp flickered toward her from theinner doorway and was blown out.
came minnie's voice, anxiously.
"is that you?
we werecoming to look for you.
did you get wet?"
mr. willetts threw his weight against the door and managed to close it.
then minnie found her friend's hand and led her through the dark hall tothe parlor where the judge sat, placidly reading by a student-lamp.
lige chuckled as they left the kitchen.
"i guess you didn't try too hardto shut that door, harkless," he said, and then, when they came into thelighted room, "why, where _is_ harkless?"
"didn't he come withus from the kitchen?"
"no," answered helen, faintly; "he's gone."
she sank upon the sofa anddrew her hand across her eyes as if to shade them from too sudden light.
the judge dropped his book and stared across the table at thegirl.
"ten minutes--five--half an hour--i don't know.
before the stormcommenced."
the old gentleman appeared to be reassured.
"probably he had workto do and wanted to get in before the rain."
but lige willetts was turning pale.
he swallowed several times withdifficulty.
"which way did he go?
he didn't come around the house; wewere out there till the storm broke."
"he went by the orchard gate.
when he got to the road he turned thatway."
she pointed to the west.
"he must have been crazy!"
exclaimed the judge.
"what possessed thefellow?"
"i couldn't stop him.
i didn't know how."
she looked at her threecompanions, slowly and with growing terror, from one face to another.
minnie's eyes were wide and she had unconsciously grasped lige's arm;the young man was looking straight before him; the judge got up andwalked nervously back and forth.
helen rose to her feet swiftly and wenttoward the old man, her hands pressed to her bosom.
she cried out, sharply, "i had forgotten _that_!
you don't thinkthey--you don't think----""i know what i think," lige broke in; "i think i'd ought to be hangedfor letting him out of my sight.
maybe it's all right; maybe he turnedand started right back for town--and got there.
but i had no businessto leave him, and if i can i'll catch up with him yet."
he went to thefront door, and, opening it, let in a tornado of wind and flood of waterthat beat him back; sheets of rain blew in horizontally, in spite of theporch beyond.
briscoe followed him.
"don't be a fool, lige," he said.
"you hardlyexpect to go out in that."
lige shook his head; it needed them bothto get the door closed.
the young man leaned against it and passed hissleeve across his wet brow.
"i hadn't ought to have left him."
"don't scare the girls," whispered the other; then in a louder tone:"all i'm afraid of is that he'll get blown to pieces or catch his deathof cold.
that's all there is to worry about.
those scalawags wouldn'ttry it again so soon after last night.
i'm not bothering about that; notat all.
that needn't worry anybody."
"but this morning----""pshaw!
he's likely home and dry by this time--all foolishness; don't bean old woman."
the two men reentered the room and found helen clingingto minnie's hand on the sofa.
she looked up at them quickly.
"do you think--do you--what do you--" her voice shook so that she couldnot go on.
the judge pinched her cheek and patted it.
"i think he's home and dry,but i think he got wet first; that's what i think.
never you fear, he'sa good hand at taking care of himself.
sit down, lige.
you can't go fora while."
nor could he.
it was long before he could venture out; thestorm raged and roared without abatement; it was carlow's worst since'fifty-one, the old gentleman said.
they heard the great limbs crack andbreak outside, while the thunder boomed and the wind ripped at theeaves till it seemed the roof must go.
meanwhile the judge, after someapology, lit his pipe and told long stories of the storms of earlydays and of odd freaks of the wind.
he talked on calmly, the picture ofrepose, and blew rings above his head, but helen saw that one of hisbig slippers beat an unceasing little tattoo on the carpet.
she sat withfixed eyes, in silence, holding minnie's hand tightly; and her face wascolorless, and grew whiter as the slow hours dragged by.
every moment mr. willetts became more restless, though assuring theladies he had no anxiety regarding mr. harkless; it was only his owndereliction of duty that he regretted; the boys would have the laughon him, he said.
but he visibly chafed more and more under the judge'sstories; and constantly rose to peer out of the window into the wrackand turmoil, or uneasily shifted in his chair.
once or twice he struckhis hands together with muttered ejaculations.
at last there was a lullin the fury without, and, as soon as it was perceptible, he declared hisintention of making his way into town; he had ought to have went before,he declared, apprehensively; and then, with immediate amendment, ofcourse he would find the editor at work in the "herald" office; therewasn't the slightest doubt of that; he agreed with the judge, but hebetter see about it.
he would return early in the morning to bid misssherwood good-by; hoped she'd come back, some day; hoped it wasn't herlast visit to plattville.
they gave him an umbrella and he plunged outinto the night, and as they stood watching him for a moment from thedoor, the old man calling after him cheery good-nights and laughingmessages to harkless, they could hear his feet slosh into the puddlesand see him fight with his umbrella when he got out into the road.
helen's room was over the porch, the windows facing north, looking outupon the pike and across the fields beyond.
"please don't light thelamp, minnie," she said, when they had gone upstairs.
"i don't need alight."
miss briscoe was flitting about the room, hunting for matches.
in the darkness she came to her friend, and laid a kind, large hand onhelen's eyes, and the hand became wet.
she drew helen's head down on hershoulder and sat beside her on the bed.
"sweetheart, you mustn't fret," she soothed, in motherly fashion.
"don't you worry, dear.
he's all right.
it isn't your fault, dear.
theywouldn't come on a night like this."
but helen drew away and went to the window, flattening her arm againstthe pane, her forehead pressed against her arm.
she had let him go; shehad let him go alone.
she had forgotten the danger that always besethim.
she had been so crazy, she had seen nothing, thought of nothing.
she had let him go into that, and into the storm, alone.
who knew betterthan she how cruel they were?
she had seen the fire leap from the whiteblossom and heard the ball whistle, the ball they had meant for hisheart, that good, great heart.
she had run to him the night before--whyhad she let him go into the unknown and the storm to-night?
but howcould she have stopped him?
how could she have kept him, after what hehad said?
she peered into the night through distorting tears.
the wind had gone down a little, but only a little, and the electricalflashes danced all around the horizon in magnificent display, sometimesfar away, sometimes dazingly near, the darkness trebly deep between theintervals when the long sweep of flat lands lay in dazzling clearness,clean-cut in the washed air to the finest detail of stricken field andheaving woodland.
a staggering flame clove earth and sky; sheets oflight came following it, and a frightful uproar shook the house andrattled the casements, but over the crash of thunder minnie heard herfriend's loud scream and saw her spring back from the window with bothhands, palm outward, pressed to her face.
she leaped to her and threwher arms about her.
"what is it?"
helen dragged her to the window.
"at the next flash--the fencebeyond the meadow----""what was it?
what was it like?"
the lightning flashed incessantly.
helen tried to point; her hand only jerked from side to side.
"i see nothing but the lightning," minnie answered, breathlessly.
"oh, the _fence_!
the fence--and in the field!"
what was it _like_?"
she panted, "a long line of white--horrible white----""what _like_?"
minnie turned from the window and caught the other'swrist in a fluttering clasp.
like long white gowns and cowls crossing the fence."
helen released her wrist, and put both hands on minnie's cheeks, forcingher around to face the pane.
"you must look--you must look," she cried.
"they wouldn't do it, they wouldn't--it _isn't_!"
"theycouldn't come in the storm.
they wouldn't do it in the pouring rain!"
such things would mind the rain!"
she burst into hystericallaughter, and minnie, almost as unnerved, caught her about the waist.
"they would mind the rain.
they would fear a storm!
ha, ha, ha!
and i let him go--i let him go!"
pressing close together, shuddering, clasping each other's waists, thetwo girls peered out at the flickering landscape.
up from the distant fence that bordered the northern side of jones'sfield, a pale, pelted, flapping thing reared itself, poised, and seemed,just as the blackness came again, to drop to the ground.
"did you _see_?"
but minnie had thrown herself into a chair with a laugh of wild relief.
"my darling girl!"
"not a line of white things--just one--mr.jones's old scarecrow!
and we saw it blown down!"
"no, no, no!
i saw the others; they were in the field beyond.
when i looked the first time they were nearly all on the fence.
this time we saw the last man crossing.
i let him go alone!"
minnie sprang up and enfolded her.
"no; you dear, imagining child,you're upset and nervous--that's all the matter in the world.
don'tworry; don't, child, it's all right.
mr. harkless is home and safe inbed long ago.
i know that old scarecrow on the fence like a book; you'reso unstrung you fancied the rest.
he's all right; don't you bother,dear."
the big, motherly girl took her companion in her arms and rocked herback and forth soothingly, and petted and reassured her, and then crieda little with her, as a good-hearted girl always will with a friend.
then she left her for the night with many a cheering word and tendercaress.
"get to sleep, dear," she called through the door when she hadclosed it behind her.
"you must, if you have to go in the morning--itjust breaks my heart.
i don't know how we'll bear it without you.
fatherwill miss you almost as much as i will.
don't botherabout that old white scarecrow.
that's all it was.
"good-night, dear," answered a plaintive little voice.
helen's hot cheekpressed the pillow and tossed from side to side.
by and by she turnedthe pillow over; it had grown wet.
the wind blew about the eaves andblew itself out; she hardly heard it.
sleep would not come.
she gotup and laved her burning eyes.
then she sat by the window.
the storm'sstrength was spent at last; the rain grew lighter and lighter, untilthere was but the sound of running water and the drip, drip on the tinroof of the porch.
only the thunder rumbling in the distance marked thestorm's course; the chariots of the gods rolling further and furtheraway, till they finally ceased to be heard altogether.
the clouds partedmajestically, and then, between great curtains of mist, the day-star wasseen shining in the east.
the night was hushed, and the peace that falls before dawn was uponthe wet, flat lands.
somewhere in the sodden grass a swamped cricketchirped.
from an outlying flange of the village a dog's howl rosemournfully; was answered by another, far away, and by another andanother.
the sonorous chorus rose above the village, died away, andquiet fell again.
helen sat by the window, no comfort touching her heart.
tears coursedher cheeks no longer, but her eyes were wide and staring, and her lipsparted, for the hush was broken by the far clamor of the court-housebell ringing in the night.
it rang, and rang, and rang, and rang.
shecould not breathe.
she threw open the window.
the bell stopped.
all wasquiet once more.
the east was growing gray.
suddenly out of the stillness there came the sound of a horse gallopingover a wet road.
he was coming like mad.
some one for a doctor?
no;the horse-hoofs grew louder, coming out from the town, coming thisway, coming faster and faster, coming _here_.
there was a splashing andtrampling in front of the house and a sharp "whoa!"
in the dim gray offirst dawn she made out a man on a foam-flecked horse.
he drew up at thegate.
a window to the right of hers went screeching up.
she heard the judgeclear his throat before he spoke.
"what is it?
that's you, isn't it, wiley?
what is it?"
he took a gooddeal of time and coughed between the sentences.
his voice was more thanordinarily quiet, and it sounded husky.
"what is it, wiley?"
"judge, what time did mr. harkless leave here last night and which waydid he go?"
there was a silence.
the judge turned away from the window.
minnie wasstanding just outside his door.
"it must have been about half-past nine,wasn't it, father?"
she called in a shaking voice.
"and, you know, helenthought he went west."
the old man leaned from the sill again.
answered the man on horseback.
"wiley, he left about half-past nine--just before the storm.
they thinkhe went west."
willetts is so upset he isn't sure of anything."
the old man's voice shook; minnie began to cry aloud.
thehorseman wheeled about and turned his animal's head toward town.
"wiley, they haven't--you don't think they've got him?"
"by god, judge," said the man on horseback, "i'm afraid they have!"
the court-house bell ringing in the night!
no hesitating stroke ofschofields' henry, no uncertain touch, was on the rope.
a loud, wild,hurried clamor pealing out to wake the country-side, a rapid _clang!
clang!_ that struck clear in to the spine.
the court-house bell had tolled for the death of morton, of garfield, ofhendricks; had rung joy-peals of peace after the war and after politicalcampaigns; but it had rung as it was ringing now only three times; oncewhen hibbard's mill burned, once when webb landis killed sep bardlockand intrenched himself in the lumber-yard and would not be taken till hewas shot through and through, and once when the rouen accommodation waswrecked within twenty yards of the station.
why was the bell ringing now?
men and women, startled into widewakefulness, groped to windows--no red mist hung over town or country.
what was it?
the bell rang on.
its loud alarm beat increasingly intomen's hearts and quickened their throbbing to the rapid measure ofits own.
vague forms loomed in the gloaming.
a horse, wildly ridden,splashed through the town.
there were shouts; voices called hoarsely.
lamps began to gleam in the windows.
half-clad people emerged from theirhouses, men slapping their braces on their shoulders as they ran out ofdoors.
questions were shouted into the dimness.
then the news went over the town.
it was cried from yard to yard, from group to group, from gate to gate,and reached the furthermost confines.
runners shouted it as they spedby; boys panted it, breathless; women with loosened hair stumbled intodarkling chambers and faltered it out to new-wakened sleepers; palegirls clutching wraps at their throats whispered it across fences; thesick, tossing on their hard beds, heard it.
the bell clamored it far andnear; it spread over the country-side; it flew over the wires to distantcities.
the white-caps had got mr. harkless!
lige willetts had lost track of him out near briscoes', it was said, andhad come in at midnight seeking him.
he had found parker, the "herald"foreman, and ross schofield, the typesetter, and bud tipworthy, thedevil, at work in the printing-room, but no sign of harkless, there orin the cottage.
together these had sought for him and had roused others,who had inquired at every house where he might have gone for shelter,and they had heard nothing.
they had watched for his coming during theslackening of the storm and he had not come, and there was nowhere hecould have gone.
he was missing; only one thing could have happened.
they had roused up warren smith, the prosecutor, the missing editor'smost intimate friend in carlow, and homer, the sheriff, and jared wiley,the deputy.
william todd had rung the alarm.
the first thing to do wasto find him.
after that there would be trouble--if not before.
it lookedas if there would be trouble before.
the men tramping up to the muddysquare in their shirt-sleeves were bulgy about the right hips; and whenhomer tibbs joined lum landis at the hotel corner, and landis saw thathomer was carrying a shot-gun, landis went back for his.
a hastily swornposse galloped out main street.
women and children ran into neighbors'yards and began to cry.
day was coming; and, as the light grew, menswore and savagely kicked at the palings of fences that they passed.
in the foreglow of dawn they gathered in the square and listened towarren smith, who made a speech from the court-house fence and warnedthem to go slow.
they answered him with angry shouts and hootings, buthe made his big voice heard, and bade them do nothing rash; no factswere known, he said; it was far from certain that harm had been done,and no one knew that the six-cross-roads people had done it--even ifsomething had happened to mr. harkless.
he declared that he spoke inharkless's name.
nothing could distress _him_ so much as for them todefy the law, to take it out of the proper hands.
justice would be done.
"yes it will!"
shouted a man below him, brandishing the butt of araw-hide whip above his head.
"and while you jaw on about it here, hemay be tied up like a dog in the woods, shot full of holes by the menyou never lifted a finger to hender, because you want their votes whenyou run for circuit judge.
what are we doin' _here_?
what's the good oflistening to you?"
there was a yell at this, and those who heard the speaker would probablyhave started for the cross-roads without further parley, had not a rumorsprung up, which passed so rapidly from man to man that within fiveminutes it was being turbulently discussed in every portion of thecrowd.
the news came that the two shell-gamblers had wrenched a barout of a window under cover of the storm, had broken jail, and wereat large.
their threats of the day before were remembered now, withconvincing vividness.
they had sworn repeatedly to bardlock and to thesheriff, and in the hearing of others, that they would "do" for the manwho took their money from them and had them arrested.
the prosecutingattorney, quickly perceiving the value of this complication in holdingback the mob that was already forming, called homer from the crowdand made him get up on the fence and confess that his prisoners hadescaped--at what time he did not know, probably toward the beginning ofthe storm, when it was noisiest.
"you see," cried the attorney, "there is nothing as yet of which we canaccuse the cross-roads.
if our friend has been hurt, it is much morelikely that these crooks did it.
they escaped in time to do it, andwe all know they were laying for him.
you want to be mighty careful,fellow-citizens.
homer is already in telegraphic communication withevery town around here, and we'll have those men before night.
allyou've got to do is to control yourselves a little and go home quietly."
he could see that his words (except those in reference to returninghome--no one was going home) made an impression.
there rose a babble ofshouting and argument and swearing that grew continually louder, andthe faces the lawyer looked down on were creased with perplexity, andshadowed with an anger that settled darker and darker.
mr. ephraim watts, in spite of all confusion, clad as carefully asupon the preceding day, deliberately climbed the fence and stood by thelawyer and made a single steady gesture with his hand.
he was listenedto at once, as his respect for the law was less notorious than hisirreverence for it, and he had been known in carlow as a customarilyreckless man.
they wanted illegal and desperate advice, and quieted downto hear it.
he spoke in his professionally calm voice.
"gentlemen, it seems to me that mr. smith and mr. ribshaw" (nodding tothe man with the rawhide whip) "are both right.
what good are we doinghere?
what we want to know is what's happened to mr. harkless.
it looksjust now like the shell-men might have done it.
let's find out what theydone.
scatter and hunt for him.
'soon as anything is known for certain,hibbard's mill whistle will blow three times.
keep on looking till itdoes.
_then_" he finished, with a barely perceptible scornful smile atthe attorney, "_then_ we can decide on what had ought to be done."
six-cross-roads lay dark and steaming in the sun that morning.
the forgewas silent, the saloon locked up, the roadway deserted, even by thepigs.
the broken old buggy stood rotting in the mud without asingle lean, little old man or woman--such were the children ofthe cross-roads--to play about it.
the fields were empty, and therag-stuffed windows blank, under the baleful glance of the horsemenwho galloped by at intervals, muttering curses, not always confiningthemselves to muttering them.
once, when the deputy sheriff rodethrough alone, a tattered black hound, more wolf than dog, half-emerged,growling, from beneath one of the tumble-down barns, and was jerked backinto the darkness by his tail, with a snarl fiercer than his own, whilea gun-barrel shone for a second as it swung for a stroke on the brute'shead.
the hound did not yelp or whine when the blow fell.
he shut hiseyes twice, and slunk sullenly back to his place.
the shanties might have received a volley or two from some of themounted bands, exasperated by futile searching, had not the escape ofhomer's prisoners made the guilt of the cross-roads appear doubtful inthe minds of many.
as the morning waned, the advocates of the theorythat the gamblers had made away with harkless grew in number.
there camea telegram from the rouen chief of police that he had a clew to theirwhereabouts; he thought they had succeeded in reaching rouen, and itbegan to be generally believed that they had escaped by the one-o'clockfreight, which had stopped to take on some empty cars at a side-tracka mile northwest of the town, across the fields from the briscoe house.
toward noon a party went out to examine the railroad embankment.
men began to come back into the village for breakfast by twos andthrees, though many kept on searching the woods, not feeling the need offood, or caring if they did.
every grove and clump of underbrush, everythicket, was ransacked; the waters of the creek, shallow for the mostpart, but swollen overnight, were dragged at every pool.
nothing wasfound; there was not a sign.
the bar of the hotel was thronged all morning as the returning citizensrapidly made their way thither, and those who had breakfasted and weregoing out again paused for internal, as well as external, reinforcement.
the landlord, himself returned from a long hunt, set up his whiskey witha lavish hand.
"he was the best man we had, boys," said landis, as he poured thelittle glasses full.
"we'd ort of sent him to the legislative halls ofwashington long ago.
he'd of done us honor there; but we never thoughtof doin' anything fer him; jest set 'round and let him build up thetown and give him empty thankyes.
drink hearty, gentlemen," he finished,gloomily, "i don't grudge no liquor to-day--except to lige willetts."
"he was a good man," said young william todd, whose nose was red, notfrom the whiskey.
"i've about give up."
schofields' henry drew his sleeve across his eyes.
"he was the only manin this whole city that didn't jab and nag at me when i done my best,"he exclaimed, with an increasing break in his utterance.
"many a goodword i've had from him when nobody in town done nothin' but laugh an'rile an' badger me about my--my bell."
and schofields' henry began tocry openly.
"he was a great hand with the chuldern," said one man.
"always havesomething to say to 'em to make 'em laugh when he went by.
'talk more tothem 'n he would to grown folks.
"they knowed _him_ all right," added another.
"i reckon all of us did,little and big."
"it's goin' to seem mighty empty around here," said ross schofield.
"what's goin' to become o' the 'herald' and the party in this district?
where's the man to run either of 'em now.
like as not," he concludeddesperately, "the election'll go against us in the fall."
dibb zane choked over his four fingers.
"we might's well bust up thisdab-dusted ole town ef he's gone."
"i don't know what's come over that cynthy tipworthy," said thelandlord.
"she's waited table on him last two year, and her brother budworks at the 'herald' office.
she didn't say a word--only lookedand looked and looked--like a crazy woman; then her and bud went offtogether to hunt in the woods.
they just tuck hold of each other's handslike----""that ain't nothin'," homer tibbs broke in.
"you'd ort to've saw old mizhathaway, that widder woman next door to us, when she heard it.
he hadhelped her to git her pension; and she tuck on worse 'n' anything i everhear--lot worse 'n' when hathaway died."
"i reckon there ain't many crazier than them two bowlders, father andson," said the postmaster, wiping the drops from his beard as he set hisglass on the bar.
"they rid into town like a couple of wild indians, theold man beatin' that gray mare o' theirn till she was one big welt, andhe ain't natcherly no cruel man, either.
i reckon lige willetts betterkeep out of hartley's way."
"i keep out of no man's way," cried a voice behind him.
turning, theysaw lige standing on the threshold of the door that led to the street.
in his hand he held the bridle of the horse he had ridden across thesidewalk, and that now stood panting, with lowered head, half throughthe doorway, beside his master.
lige was hatless, splashed with mudfrom head to foot; his jaw was set, his teeth ground together; his eyesburned under red lids, and his hair lay tossed and damp on his brow.
"ikeep out of no man's way," he repeated, hoarsely.
"i heard you, mr. tibbs, but i've got too much to do, while you loafand gas and drink over lum landis's bar--i've got other business thankeeping out of hartley bowlder's way.
i'm looking for john harkless.
hewas the best man we had in this ornery hole, and he was too good for us,and so we've maybe let him get killed, and maybe i'm to blame.
but i'mgoing to find him, and if he's hurt--damn _me_!
i'm going to have a handon the rope that lifts the men that did it, if i have to go to rouen toput it there!
after that i'll answer for my fault, not before!"
he threw himself on his horse and was gone.
soon the room was emptied,as the patrons of the bar returned to the search, and only mr. wilkersonand the landlord remained, the bar being the professional office, so tospeak, of both.
wilkerson had a chair in a corner, where he sat chanting a funeral marchin a sepulchral murmur, allowing a parenthetical _hic_ to punctuate thedirge in place of the drum.
whenever a batch of newcomers entered,he rose to drink with them; and, at such times, after pouring off hisliquor with a rich melancholy, shedding tears after every swallow, hewould make an exploring tour of the room on his way back to his corner,stopping to look under each chair inquiringly and ejaculate: "why, wherekin he be!"
then, shaking his head, he would observe sadly: "fineyoung man, he was, too; fine young man.
i reckon we hain'ta-goin' to git him."
at eleven o'clock.
judge briscoe dropped wearily from his horse at hisown gate, and said to a wan girl who came running down the walk to meethim: "there is nothing, yet.
i sent the telegram to your mother--to mrs.
helen turned away without answering.
her face was very white and lookedpinched about the mouth.
she went back to where old fisbee sat on theporch, his white head held between his two hands; he was rocking himselfto and fro.
she touched him gently, but he did not look up.
she spoke tohim.
"there isn't anything--yet.
he sent the telegram to mamma.
i shall staywith you, now, no matter what you say."
she sat beside him and put herhead down on his shoulder, and though for a moment he appeared not tonotice it, when minnie came out on the porch, hearing her father at thedoor, the old scholar had put his arm about the girl and was strokingher fair hair softly.
briscoe glanced at them, and raised a warning finger to his daughter,and they went tiptoeing into the house, where the judge dropped heavilyupon a sofa with an asthmatic sigh; he was worn and tired.
minnie stoodbefore him with a look of pale inquiry, and he shook his head.
"no use to tell _them_; but i can't see any hope," he answered her,biting nervously at the end of a cigar.
"i expect you better bring mesome coffee in here; i couldn't take another step to save me.
i'm tooold to tear around the country horseback before breakfast, like i haveto-day."
"did you send her telegram?"
minnie asked, as he drank the coffee shebrought him.
she had interpreted "coffee" liberally, and, with theassistance of mildy upton (whose subdued nose was frankly red and whoshed tears on the raspberries), had prepared an appetizing table at hiselbow.
"yes," responded the judge, "and i'm glad she sent it.
i talkedthe other way yesterday, what little i said--it isn't any of ourbusiness--but i don't think any too much of those people, somehow.
shethinks she belongs with fisbee, and i guess she's right.
that youngfellow must have got along with her pretty well, and i'm afraid whenshe gives up she'll be pretty bad over it; but i guess we all will.
it'sterribly sudden, somehow, though it's only what everybody half expectedwould come; only we thought it would come from over yonder."
he noddedtoward the west.
"but she's got to stay here with us.
boarding at soltibbs's with that old man won't do; and she's no girl to live in tworooms.
you fix it up with her--you make her stay."
"she must," answered his daughter as she knelt beside him and patted hiscoat and handed him several things to eat at the same time.
"mr. fisbeewill help me persuade her, now that she's bound to stay in spite of himand the sherwoods, too.
i think she is perfectly grand to do it.
i'vealways thought she was grand--ever since she took me under her wingat school when i was terribly 'country' and frightened; but she was sosweet and kind she made me forget.
she was the pet of the school, too,always doing things for the other girls, for everybody; looking out forpeople simply heads and heads bigger than herself, and sorecklessly generous and so funny about it; and always thoughtfuland--and--pleasant----"minnie was speaking sadly, mechanically; but suddenly she broke off witha quick sob, sprang up and went to the window; then, turning, cried out:"i don't believe it!
he knew how to take care of himself too well.
he'dhave got away from them."
her father shook his head.
"then why hasn't he turned up?
he'd have gonehome after the storm if something bad wasn't the matter."
"but nothing--nothing _that_ bad could have happened.
"but why hasn't he come back, child?"
"well, he's lying hurt somewhere, that's all."
"then why haven't they found him?"
"i don't care!"
she cried, and choked with the words and tossed herdishevelled hair from her temples; "it isn't true.
helen won't believeit--why should i?
it's only a few hours since he was right here in ouryard, talking to us all.
i won't believe it till they've searched everystick and stone of six-cross-roads and found him."
"it wasn't the cross-roads," said the old gentleman, pushing the tableaway and relaxing his limbs on the sofa.
"they probably didn't haveanything to do with it.
we thought they had at first, but everybody'sabout come to believe it was those two devils that he had arrestedyesterday."
"not the cross-roads!"
echoed minnie, and she began to trembleviolently.
"haven't they been out there yet?"
they are out of it, and they can thank god they are!"
"they are not!"
she cried excitedly.
"they did it.
it was thewhite-caps.
we saw them, helen and i."
the judge got upon his feet with an oath.
he had not sworn for yearsuntil that morning.
he said sharply.
"i ought to have told you before, but we were so frightened, and--andyou went off in such a rush after mr. wiley was here.
i never dreamedeverybody wouldn't know it was the cross-roads; that they would _think_of any one else.
and i looked for the scarecrow as soon as it was lightand it was 'way off from where we saw them, and wasn't blown down atall, and helen saw them in the field besides--saw all of them----"he interrupted her.
"what do you mean?
try to tell me about it quietly,child."
he laid his hand on her shoulder.
she told him breathlessly (while he grew more and more visibly perturbedand uneasy, biting his cigar to pieces and groaning at intervals) whatshe and helen had seen in the storm.
when she finished he took a fewquick turns about the room with his hands thrust deep in his coatpockets, and then, charging her to repeat the story to no one, left thehouse, and, forgetting his fatigue, rapidly crossed the fields to thepoint where the bizarre figures of the night had shown themselves to thetwo girls at the window.
the soft ground had been trampled by many feet.
the boot-prints pointedto the northeast.
he traced them backward to the southwest through thefield, and saw where they had come from near the road, going northeast.
then, returning, he climbed the fence and followed them northwardthrough the next field.
from there, the next, beyond the road that wasa continuation of main street, stretched to the railroad embankment.
the track, raggedly defined in trampled loam and muddy furrow, bent ina direction which indicated that its terminus might be the switchwhere the empty cars had stood last night, waiting for the one-o'clockfreight.
though the fields had been trampled down in many places bythe searching parties, he felt sure of the direction taken by thecross-roads men, and he perceived that the searchers had mistaken thetracks he followed for those of earlier parties in the hunt.
on theembankment he saw a number of men, walking west and examining the groundon each side, and a long line of people following them out from town.
he held the fate of six-cross-roads in his hand and he knew it.
he knew that if he spoke, his evidence would damn the cross-roads,and that it meant that more than the white-caps would be hurt, for thecross-roads would fight.
if he had believed that the dissemination ofhis knowledge could have helped harkless, he would have called to themen near him at once; but he had no hope that the young man was alive.
they would not have dragged him out to their shanties wounded, or asa prisoner; such a proceeding would have courted detection, and, also,they were not that kind; they had been "looking for him" a long time,and their one idea was to kill him.
and harkless, for all his gentleness, was the sort of man, briscoebelieved, who would have to be killed before he could be touched.
of onething the old gentleman was sure; the editor had not been tied up andwhipped while yet alive.
in spite of his easy manners and geniality,there was a dignity in him that would have made him kill and be killedbefore the dirty fingers of a cross-roads "white-cap" could have beenlaid upon him in chastisement.
a great many good americans of carlow whoknew him well always mistered him as they would have mistered only anuntitled morton or hendricks who might have lived amongst them.
hewas the only man the old darky, uncle xenophon, had ever addressed as"marse" since he came to plattville, thirty years ago.
briscoe considered it probable that a few people were wearing bandages,in the closed shanties over to the west to-day.
a thought of the numberthey had brought against one man; a picture of the unequal struggle, ofthe young fellow he had liked so well, unarmed and fighting hopelesslyin a trap, and a sense of the cruelty of it, made the hot anger surgeup in his breast, and he started on again.
then he stopped once more.
though long retired from faithful service on the bench, he had been allhis life a serious exponent of the law, and what he went to tell meantlawlessness that no one could hope to check.
he knew the temper of thepeople; their long suffering was at an end, and they would go over atlast and wipe out the cross-roads.
it depended on him.
if the mob couldbe held off over to-day, if men's minds could cool over night, thelaw could strike and the innocent and the hotheaded be spared fromsuffering.
he would wait; he would lay his information before thesheriff; and horner would go quietly with a strong posse, for he wouldneed a strong one.
he began to retrace his steps.
the men on the embankment were walking slowly, bending far over, theireyes fixed on the ground.
suddenly one of them stood erect and tossedhis arms in the air and shouted loudly.
other men ran to him, andanother far down the track repeated the shout and the gesture to anotherfar in his rear; this man took it up, and shouted and waved to a fourthman, and so they passed the signal back to town.
there came, almostimmediately three long, loud whistles from a mill near the station, andthe embankment grew black with people pouring out from town, while thesearchers came running from the fields and woods and underbrush on bothsides of the railway.
briscoe paused for the last time; then he began to walk slowly towardthe embankment.
the track lay level and straight, not dimming in the middle distances,the rails converging to points, both northwest and southeast, inthe clean-washed air, like examples of perspective in a child'sdrawing-book.
about seventy miles to the west and north lay rouen; and,in the same direction, nearly six miles from where the signal wasgiven, the track was crossed by a road leading directly south tosix-cross-roads.
the embankment had been newly ballasted with sand.
what had beendiscovered was a broad brown stain on the south slope near the top.
there were smaller stains above and below; none beyond it to left orright; and there were deep boot-prints in the sand.
men were examiningthe place excitedly, talking and gesticulating.
it was lige willetts whohad found it.
his horse was tethered to a fence near by, at the end ofa lane through a cornfield.
jared wiley, the deputy, was talking to agroup near the stain, explaining.
"you see them two must have knowed about the one-o'clock freight, andthat it was to stop here to take on the empty lumber cars.
i don't knowhow they knowed it, but they did.
it was this way: when they droppedfrom the window, they beat through the storm, straight for thisside-track.
at the same time mr. harkless leaves briscoes' goin'west.
it begins to rain.
he cuts across to the railroad to have a surefooting, and strikin' for the deepo for shelter--near place as anyexcept briscoes' where he'd said good-night already and prob'ly don'twish to go back, 'fear of givin' trouble or keepin' 'em up--anybody canunderstand that.
he comes along, and gets to where we are precisely atthe time _they_ do, them comin' from town, him strikin' for it.
they runright into each other.
that's what happened.
they re-_cog_-nized him andraised up on him and let him have it.
what they done it with, i don'tknow; we took everything in that line off of 'em; prob'ly used railroadiron; and what they done with him afterwards we don't know; but we willby night.
they'll sweat it out of 'em up at rouen when they get 'em."
"i reckon maybe some of us might help," remarked mr. watts,reflectively.
jim bardlock swore a violent oath.
"that's the talk!"
"ef iain't the first man of this crowd to set my foot in roowun, an' first tobeat in that jail door, an' take 'em out an' hang 'em by the neck tillthey're dead, dead, dead, i'm not town marshal of plattville, county ofcarlow, state of indiana, and the lord have mercy on our souls!"
tom martin looked at the brown stain and quickly turned away; then hewent back slowly to the village.
on the way he passed warren smith.
"is it so?"
asked the lawyer.
martin answered with a dry throat.
he looked out dimly over the sunlitfields, and swallowed once or twice.
"yes, it's so.
there's a good dealof it there.
little more than a boy he was."
the old fellow passed hisseamy hand over his eyes without concealment.
"peter ain't very bright,sometimes, it seems to me," he added, brokenly; "overlook bodeffer andfisbee and me and all of us old husks, and--and--" he gulped suddenly,then finished--"and act the fool and take a boy that's the best we had.
i wish the almighty would take peter off the gate; he ain't fit fer it."
when the attorney reached the spot where the crowd was thickest, waywas made for him.
the old colored man, xenophon, approached at thesame time, leaning on a hickory stick and bent very far over, one handresting on his hip as if to ease a rusty joint.
the negro's age wasan incentive to fable; from his appearance he might have known theprophets, and he wore that hoary look of unearthly wisdom many decadesof superstitious experience sometimes give to members of his race.
his face, so tortured with wrinkles that it might have been made ofinnumerable black threads woven together, was a living mask of themystery of his blood.
harkless had once said that uncle xenophon hadvisited heaven before swedenborg and hell before dante.
to-day, as heslowly limped over the ties, his eyes were bright and dry under thesolemn lids, and, though his heavy nostrils were unusually distended inthe effort for regular breathing, the deeply puckered lips beneath themwere set firmly.
he stopped and looked at the faces before him.
when he spoke his voicewas gentle, and though the tremulousness of age harped on the vocalstrings, it was rigidly controlled.
"kin some kine gelmun," he asked,"please t'be so good ez t' show de ole main whuh de w'ite-caips is doneshoot marse hawkliss?"
"here was where it happened, uncle zen," answered wiley, leaning himforward.
"here is the stain."
xenophon bent over the spot on the sand, making little odd noises in histhroat.
then he painfully resumed his former position.
"dass his blood,"he said, in the same gentle, quavering tone.
"dass my bes' frien' whutlay on de groun' whuh yo staind, gelmun."
there was a pause, and no one spoke.
"dass whuh day laid 'im an' dass whuh he lie," the old negro continued.
"dey shot 'im in de fiels.
dey ain' shot 'im hear-yondeh dey drugged'im, but dis whuh he lie."
he bent over again, then knelt, groaningly,and placed his hand on the stain, one would have said, as a man mightplace his hand over a heart to see if it still beat.
he was motionless,with the air of hearkening.
"marse, honey, is you gone?"
he raised his voice as if calling, "is yougone, suh?--marse?"
he looked up at the circle about him, and, still kneeling, not takinghis hand from the sand, seeming to wait for a sign, to listen for avoice, he said: "whafo' you gelmun think de good lawd summon marsehawkliss?
kaze he de mos' fittes'?
you know dat man he ketch me in decole night, wintuh 'to' lais', stealin' 'is wood.
you know whut he donet'de ole thief?
tek an' bull' up big fiah een ole zen' shainty; say,'he'p yo'se'f an' welcome.
reckon you hongry, too, ain' you, xenophon?'
tek an' feed me.
tek an' tek keer o' me ev' since.
ah pump de baith fullin de mawin'; mek 'is bed; pull de weeds out'n of de front walk--dassall.
he tek me in.
when ah aisk 'im ain' he fraid keep ole thief he say,jesso: 'dass all my fault, xenophon; ought look you up long 'go; oughtknow long 'go you be cole dese baid nights.
reckon ahm de thievenest oneus two, xenophon, keepin' all dis wood stock' up when you got none,' hesay, jesso.
tek me in; say he _lahk_ a thief.
pay me sala'y.
dass de main whut de caips gone shot lais' night."
he raised his headsharply, and the mystery in his gloomy eyes intensified as they openedwide and stared at the sky, unseeingly.
"ise bawn wid a cawl!"
he exclaimed, loudly.
his twisted frame wasbraced to an extreme tension.
"ise bawn wid a cawl!
de blood anssuh!"
"it wasn't the cross-roads, uncle xenophon," said warren smith, layinghis hand on the old man's shoulder.
xenophon rose to his feet.
he stretched a long, bony arm straight to thewest, where the cross-roads lay; stood rigid and silent, like a seer;then spoke:"de men whut shot marse hawkliss lies yondeh, hidin' f'um de light o'day.
an' _him_"--he swerved his whole rigid body till the arm pointednorthwest--"he lies yondeh.
you won't find him heah.
dey fought 'im eende fiel's an' dey druggen 'im heah.
dis whim dey lay 'im down.
ise bawnwid a cawl!"
there were exclamations from the listeners, for xenophon spoke as onehaving authority.
suddenly he turned and pointed his outstretched handfull at judge briscoe.
"an' dass de main," he cried, "dass de main kin tell you ah speak detrufe."
before he was answered, eph watts looked at briscoe keenly and thenturned to lige willetts and whispered: "get on your horse, ride in, andring the court-house bell like the devil.
do as i say!"
tears stood in the judge's eyes.
"it is so," he said, solemnly.
"hespeaks the truth.
i didn't mean to tell it to-day, but somehow--" hepaused.
"they deserve it!
my daughter saw themcrossing the fields in the night--saw them climb the fence, hoods,gowns, and all, a big crowd of them.
she and the lady who is visitingus saw them, saw them plainly.
the lady saw them several times, clear asday, by the flashes of lightning--the scoundrels were coming this way.
they must have been dragging him with them then.
he couldn't have had ashow for his life amongst them.
do what you like--maybe they've got himat the cross-roads.
if there's a chance of it--dead or alive--bring himback!"
a voice rang out above the clamor that followed the judge's speech.
"'bring him back!'
god could, maybe, but he won't.
who's travellingmy way?
i go west!"
hartley bowlder had ridden his sorrel up theembankment, and the horse stood between the rails.
there was an angryroar from the crowd; the prosecutor pleaded and threatened unheeded; andas for the deputy sheriff, he declared his intention of taking with himall who wished to go as his posse.
eph watts succeeded in making himselfheard above the tumult.
"start from the square.
we want everybody, andwe'll need them.
we want every one in carlow to be implicated in thisposse."
"they will be!"
shouted a farmer.
"don't you worry about that."
"we want to get into some sort of shape," cried eph.
said hartley bowlder.
there was a hiss and clang and rattle behind him, and a steam whistleshrieked.
the crowd divided, and hartley's sorrel jumped just in time asthe westbound accommodation rushed through on its way to rouen.
from therear platform leaned the sheriff, horner, waving his hands franticallyas he flew by, but no one understood--or cared--what he said, or, in thegeneral excitement, even wondered why he was leaving the scene ofhis duty at such a time.
when the train had dwindled to a dot anddisappeared, and the noise of its rush grew faint, the court-house bellwas heard ringing, and the mob was piling pell-mell into the village toform on the square.
the judge stood alone on the embankment.
"that settles it," he said aloud, gloomily, watching the last figures.
he took off his hat and pushed back the thick, white hair from hisforehead.
"nothing to do but wait.
might as well go home for that.
he exclaimed, impatiently.
"i don't want to go there.
it's too hardon the little girl.
if she hadn't come till next week she'd never haveknown john harkless."
all morning horsemen had been galloping through six-cross-roads,sometimes singly, oftener in company.
at one-o'clock the last possepassed through on its return to the county-seat, and after that therewas a long, complete silence, while the miry corners were undisturbed bya single hoof-beat.
no unkempt colt nickered from his musty stall; thesparse young corn that was used to rasp and chuckle greenly stood rigidin the fields.
up the plattville pike despairingly cackled one oldhen, with her wabbling sailor run, smit with a superstitious horror ofnothing, in the stillness; she hid herself in the shadow underneath arickety barn, and her shrieking ceased.
only on the wimby farm were there signs of life.
the old lady who hadsent harkless roses sat by the window all morning and wiped her eyes,watching the horsemen ride by; sometimes they would hail her and tellher there was nothing yet.
about two-o'clock, her husband rattled upin a buckboard, and got out the late, and more authentic, mr. wimby'sshot-gun, which he carefully cleaned and oiled, in spite of itshammerless and quite useless condition, sitting, meanwhile, by thewindow opposite his wife, and often looking up from his work to shakehis weak fist at his neighbors' domiciles and creak decrepit curses anddenunciations.
but the cross-roads was ready.
it knew what was coming now.
frightened,desperate, sullen, it was ready.
the afternoon wore on, and lengthening shadows fell upon a peaceful--onewould have said, a sleeping--country.
the sun-dried pike, already dusty,stretched its serene length between green borders flecked with purpleand yellow and white weedflowers; and the tree shadows were not shade,but warm blue and lavender glows in the general pervasion of still,bright light, the sky curving its deep, unburnished, penetrable blueover all, with no single drift of fleece upon it to be reflected inthe creek that wound along past willow and sycamore.
a woodpecker'stelegraphy broke the quiet like a volley of pistol shots.
but far eastward on the pike there slowly developed a soft, white haze.
it grew denser and larger.
gradually it rolled nearer.
dimly behind itcould be discerned a darker, moving nucleus that extended far back uponthe road.
a heavy tremor began to stir the air--faint manifold sounds, awaxing, increasing, multitudinous rumor.
the pike ascended a long, slight slope leading west up to thecross-roads.
from a thicket of iron-weed at the foot of this slope wasthrust the hard, lean visage of an undersized girl of fourteen.
herfierce eyes examined the approaching cloud of dust intently.
a rednessrose under the burnt yellow skin and colored the wizened cheeks.
they were coming.
she stepped quickly out of the tangle, and darted up the road, runningwith the speed of a fleet little terrier, not opening her lips, notcalling out, but holding her two thin hands high above her head.
that was all.
but birnam wood was come to dunsinane at last, and themessenger sped.
out of the weeds in the corners of the snake fence,in the upper part of the rise, silently lifted the heads of men whosesallowness became a sickish white as the child flew by.
the mob was carefully organized.
they had taken their time and hadprepared everything deliberately, knowing that nothing could stop them.
no one had any thought of concealment; it was all as open as the lightof day, all done in the broad sunshine.
nothing had been determined asto what was to be done at the cross-roads more definite than that theplace was to be wiped out.
that was comprehensive enough; the detailswere quite certain to occur.
they were all on foot, marching in fairlyregular ranks.
in front walked mr. watts, the man harkless had abhorredin a public spirit and befriended in private--to-day he was a hero anda leader, marching to avenge his professional oppressor and personalbrother.
cool, unruffled, and, to outward vision, unarmed, marching themiles in his brown frock coat and generous linen, his carefully creasedtrousers neatly turned up out of the dust, he led the way.
on one sideof him were the two bowlders, on the other was lige willetts, mr.watts preserving peace between the two young men with perfect tact andsang-froid.
they kept good order and a similitude of quiet for so many, exceptfar to the rear, where old wilkerson was bringing up the tail of theprocession, dragging a wretched yellow dog by a slip-noose fastenedaround the poor cur's protesting neck, the knot carefully arranged underhis right ear.
in spite of every command and protest, wilkerson hadmarched the whole way uproariously singing, "john brown's body."
the sun was in the west when they came in sight of the cross-roads, andthe cabins on the low slope stood out angularly against the radiancebeyond.
as they beheld the hated settlement, the heretofore orderlyranks showed a disposition to depart from the steady advance and rushthe shanties.
willetts, the bowlders, parker, ross, schofield, and fiftyothers did, in fact, break away and set a sharp pace up the slope.
watts tried to call them back.
"what's the use your gettin' killed?"
answered lige, who, like the others, was increasing his speedwhen old "wimby" rose up suddenly from the roadside ahead of them, andmotioned them frantically to go back.
"they're laid out along the fence,waitin' fer ye," he warned them.
"git out the road.
come by the fields.
per the lord's sake, spread!"
then, as suddenly as he had appeared, hedropped down into the weeds again.
lige and those with him paused, andthe whole body came to a halt while the leaders consulted.
there was asound of metallic clicking and a thin rattle of steel.
from far to therear came the voice of old wilkerson:   "john brown's body lies a-mouldering in the ground,    john brown's body lies a-mouldering in the ground--"a few near him, as they stood waiting, began to take up the burden ofthe song, singing in slow time like a dirge; then those further awaytook it up; it spread, reached the leaders; they, too, began to sing,taking off their hats as they joined in; and soon the whole concourse,solemn, earnest, and uncovered, was singing--a thunderous requiem forjohn harkless.
the sun was swinging lower and the edges of the world were embroideredwith gold while that deep volume of sound shook the air, the song of astern, savage, just cause--sung, perhaps, as some of the ancestors ofthese men sang with hampden before the bristling walls of a hostilecity.
it had iron and steel in it.
the men lying on their guns in theambuscade along the fence heard the dirge rise and grow to its mightyfulness, and they shivered.
one of them, posted nearest the advance,had his rifle carefully levelled at lige willetts, a fair target in theroad.
when he heard the singing, he turned to the man next behindhim and laughed harshly: "i reckon we'll see a big jamboree in hellto-night, huh?"
the huge murmur of the chorus expanded, and gathered in rhythmicstrength, and swelled to power, and rolled and thundered across theplain.
"john brown's body lies a-mouldering in the ground,      john brown's body lies a-mouldering in the ground,      john brown's body lies a-mouldering in the ground,               his soul goes marching on!
his soul goes marching on!"
a gun spat from the higher ground, and willetts dropped where he stood,but was up again in a second, with a red line across his forehead wherethe ball had grazed his temple.
then the mob spread out like a fan,hundreds of men climbing the fence and beginning the advance throughthe fields, dosing on the ambuscade from both sides.
mr. watts, wadingthrough the high grass in the field north of the road, perceived thebarrel of a gun shining from a bush some distance in front of him, and,although in the same second no weapon was seen in his hand, discharged arevolver at the bush behind the gun.
instantly ten or twelve men leapedfrom their hiding-places along the fences of both fields, and, firinghurriedly and harmlessly into the scattered ranks of the oncoming mob,broke for the shelter of the houses, where their fellows were posted.
taken on the flanks and from the rear, there was but one thing forthem to do to keep from being hemmed in and shot or captured.
(theyexcessively preferred being shot.)
with a wild, high, joyous yell,sounding like the bay of young hounds breaking into view of theirquarry, the plattville men followed.
the most eastward of the debilitated edifices of six-cross-roads was thesaloon, which bore the painted legends: on the west wall, "last chance";on the east wall, "first chance."
next to this, and separated by twoor three acres of weedy vacancy from the corners where the populationcentred thickest, stood-if one may so predicate of a building whichleaned in seven directions-the house of mr. robert skillett, theproprietor of the saloon.
both buildings were shut up as tight as theirstate of repair permitted.
as they were furthest to the east, theyformed the nearest shelter, and to them the cross-roaders bent theirflight, though they stopped not here, but disappeared behind skillett'sshanty, putting it between them and their pursuers, whose guns werebeginning to speak.
the fugitives had a good start, and, being thepicked runners of the cross-roads, they crossed the open, weedy acres insafety and made for their homes.
every house had become a fort, and thedefenders would have to be fought and torn out one by one.
as the gunssounded, a woman in a shanty near the forge began to scream, and kept onscreaming.
on came the farmers and the men of plattville.
they took the saloon at arun; battered down the crazy doors with a fence-rail, and swarmed insidelike busy insects, making the place hum like a hive, but with the hotterindustries of destruction.
it was empty of life as a tomb, but they beatand tore and battered and broke and hammered and shattered like madmen;they reduced the tawdry interior to a mere chaos, and came pouring forthladen with trophies of ruin.
and then there was a charry smell in theair, and a slender feather of smoke floated up from a second-storywindow.
at the same time watts led an assault on the adjoining house--an assaultwhich came to a sudden pause, for, from cracks in the front wall, asquirrel-rifle and a shot-gun snapped and banged, and the crowd fellback in disorder.
homer tibbs had a hat blown away, full of buck-shotholes, while mr. watts solicitously examined a small aperture in theskirts of his brown coat.
the house commanded the road, and the rush ofthe mob into the village was checked, but only for the instant.
a rickety woodshed, which formed a portion of the skillett mansion,closely joined the "last chance" side of the family place of business.
scarcely had the guns of the defenders sounded, when, with a loud shout,lige willetts leaped from an upper window on that side of the burningsaloon and landed on the woodshed, and, immediately climbing the roofof the house itself, applied a fiery brand to the time-worn clapboards.
ross schofield dropped on the shed, close behind him, his arm lovinglyenfolding a gallon jug of whiskey, which he emptied (not without evidentregret) upon the clapboards as lige fired them.
flames burst forthalmost instantly, and the smoke, uniting with that now rolling outof every window of the saloon, went up to heaven in a cumbrous, graycolumn.
as the flames began to spread, there was a rapid fusillade from the rearof the house, and a hundred men and more, who had kept on through thefields to the north, assailed it from behind.
their shots passed clearthrough the flimsy partitions, and there was a horrid screeching, like abeast's howls, from within.
the front door was thrown open, and a lean,fierce-eyed girl, with a case-knife in her hand, ran out in the face ofthe mob.
at sound of the shots in the rear they had begun to advance onthe house a second time, and hartley bowlder was the nearest man to thegirl.
with awful words, and shrieking inconceivably, she made straightat hartley, and attacked him with the knife.
she struck at him againand again, and, in her anguish of hate and fear, was so extraordinarya spectacle that she gained for her companions the four or five secondsthey needed to escape from the house.
as she hurled herself alone atthe oncoming torrent, they sped from the door unnoticed, sprang over thefence, and reached the open lots to the west before they were seen bywilletts from the roof.
"don't let 'em fool you!"
"look to i your left!
don't let 'em get away."
the cross-readers were running across the field.
they were bob skillettand his younger brother, and mr. skillett was badly damaged: he seemedto be holding his jaw on his face with both hands.
the girl turned, andsped after them.
she was over the fence almost as soon as they were,and the three ran in single file, the girl last.
she was eithermagnificently sacrificial and fearless, or she cunningly calculated thatthe regulators would take no chances of killing a woman-child, for shekept between their guns and her two companions, trying to cover andshield the latter with her frail body.
"shoot, lige," called watts.
"if we fire from here we'll hit the girl.
willetts and ross schofield were still standing on the roof, at theedge, out of the smoke, and both fired at the same time.
the fugitivesdid not turn; they kept on running, and they had nearly reached theother side of the field, when suddenly, without any premonitory gesture,the elder skillett dropped flat on his face.
the cross-roaders stood byeach other that day, for four or five men ran out of the nearest shantyinto the open, lifted the prostrate figure from the ground, and beganto carry it back with them.
but mr. skillett was alive; his curses wereheard above all other sounds.
lige and schofield fired again, and one ofthe rescuers staggered.
nevertheless, as the two men slid down from theroof, the burdened cross-readers were seen to break into a run; and atthat, with another yell, fiercer, wilder, more joyous than the first,the plattville men followed.
the yell rang loudly in the ears of old wilkerson, who had remained backin the road, and at the same instant he heard another shout behind him.
mr. wilkerson had not shared in the attack, but, greatly preoccupiedwith his own histrionic affairs, was proceeding up the pikealone--except for the unhappy yellow mongrel, still dragged along by theslip-noose--and alternating, as was his natural wont, from one fence tothe other; crouching behind every bush to fire an imaginary rifle at hisdog, and then springing out, with triumphant bellowings, to fall proneupon the terrified animal.
it was after one of these victories that ashout of warning was raised behind him, and mr. wilkerson, by grace ofthe god bacchus, rolling out of the way in time to save his life, sawa horse dash by him--a big, black horse whose polished flanks weredripping with lather.
warren smith was the rider.
he was waving a slipof yellow paper high in the air.
he rode up the slope, and drew rein beyond the burning buildings, justahead of those foremost in the pursuit.
he threw his horse across theroad to oppose their progress, rose in his stirrups, and waved the paperover his head.
he roared, "give me one minute.
he had agrand voice; and he was known in many parts of the state for the greatbass roar with which he startled his juries.
to be heard at a distancemost men lift the pitch of their voices; smith lowered his an octaveor two, and the result was like an earthquake playing an organ in acatacomb.
in answer, one of the flying cross-roaders turned and sent a bulletwhistling close to him.
the lawyer paused long enough to bow deeply insatirical response; then, flourishing the paper, he roared again: "stop!
i have news!
stop, i say!
homer has got them!"
to make himself heard over that tempestuous advance was a feat; for him,moreover, whose counsels had so lately been derided, to interest thepursuers at such a moment enough to make them listen--to find theword--was a greater; and by the word, and by gestures at once vehementlyimperious and imploring, to stop them was still greater; but he did it.
he had come at just the moment before the moment that would have beentoo late.
they all heard him.
they all knew, too, he was not trying tosave the cross-roads as a matter of duty, because he had given that upbefore the mob left plattville.
indeed, it was a question if, at thelast, he had not tacitly approved; and no one feared indictments forthe day's work.
it would do no harm to listen to what he had to say.
thework could wait; it would "keep" for five minutes.
they began to gatheraround him, excited, flushed, perspiring, and smelling of smoke.
hartleybowlder, won by lige's desperation and intrepidity, was helping thelatter tie up his head; no one else was hurt.
"what is it?"
they clamored impatiently.
there wasanother harmless shot from a fugitive, and then the cross-roaders,divining that the diversion was in their favor, secured themselves intheir decrepit fastnesses and held their fire.
meanwhile, the flamescrackled cheerfully in plattville ears.
no matter what the prosecutorhad to say, at least the skillett saloon and homestead were gone, andbob skillett and one other would be sick enough to be good for a while.
"listen," cried warren smith, and, rising in his stirrups again, readthe missive in his hand, a western union telegraph form.
"warren smith,plattville," was the direction.
"found both shell-men.
police familiarwith both, and both wanted here.
one arrested at noon in a second-handclothes store, wearing harkless's hat, also trying dispose tornfull-dress coat known to have been worn by harkless last night.
stainson lining believed blood.
second man found later at freight-yards inempty lumber car left plattville 1 p.m., badly hurt, shot, andbruised.
supposed harkless made hard fight.
hurt man taken to hospitalunconscious.
hope able question him first and discoverwhereabouts body.
other man refuses talk so far.
check any movementcross-roads.
this clears skillett, etc.
come over on 9.15."
the telegram was signed by homer and by barrett, the superintendent ofpolice at rouen.
"it's all a mistake, boys," the lawyer said, as he handed the paperto watts and parker for inspection.
"the ladies at the judge'swere mistaken, that's all, and this proves it.
it's easy enough tounderstand: they were frightened by the storm, and, watching a fencea quarter-mile away by flashes of lightning, any one would have beenconfused, and imagined all the horrors on earth.
i don't deny but what ibelieved it for a while, and i don't deny but the cross-roads is prettytough, but you've done a good deal here already, to-day, and we'resaved in time from a mistake that would have turned out mighty bad.
homer got a wire from rouen to come over there, soon asthey got track of the first man; that was when we saw him on the rouenaccommodation."
a slightly cracked voice, yet a huskily tuneful one, was liftedquaveringly on the air from the roadside, where an old man and a yellowdog sat in the dust together, the latter reprieved at the last moment,his surprised head rakishly garnished with a hasty wreath of dog-fenneldaisies.
"john brown's body lies a-mouldering in the ground,            while we go marching on!"
three-quarters of an hour later, the inhabitants of the cross-roads,saved, they knew not how; guilty; knowing nothing of the fantasticpendulum of opinion, which, swung by the events of the day, had markedthe fatal moment of guilt, now on others, now on them, who deservedit--these natives and refugees, conscious of atrocity, dumfounded by amiracle, thinking the world gone mad, hovered together in a dark, raggedmass at the crossing corners, while the skeleton of the rotting buggyin the slough rose behind them against the face of the west.
they peeredwith stupified eyes through the smoky twilight.
from afar, faintly through the gloaming, came mournfully to their earsthe many-voiced refrain--fainter, fainter:    "john brown's body lies a-mouldering in the ground,     john brown's body lies a-mouldering in the ground.
john brown's body lies--mould--     ..... we go march....
the gates of the city hospital in rouen.
a short distance ahead, thelamps of a cab, drawn up at the curbing, made two dull orange sparksunder the electric light swinging over the street.
a cigarette describeda brief parabola as it was tossed from the brougham, and a short youngman jumped out and entered the gates, then paused and spoke to thedriver of the cab.
"did you bring mr. barrett here?"
"yes, sir," answered the driver; "him and two other gentlemen."
lighting another cigarette, from which he drew but two inspirationsbefore he threw it away, the young man proceeded quickly up the walk.
as he ascended the short flight of steps which led to the main doors,he panted a little, in a way which suggested that (although hiswhite waistcoat outlined an ellipse still respectable) a crescendo ofportliness was playing diminuendo with his youth.
and, though hiswalk was brisk, it was not lively.
the expression of his very red faceindicated that his briskness was spurred by anxiety, and a fattish groanhe emitted on the top step added the impression that his comfortablebody protested against the mental spur.
in the hall he removed hisnarrow-brimmed straw hat and presented a rotund and amiable head,from the top of which his auburn hair seemed to retire with a sense ofdefeat; it fell back, however, not in confusion, but in perfect order,and the sparse pink mist left upon his crown gave, by a supreme effort,an effect of arrangement, so that an imaginative observer would havedeclared that there was a part down the middle.
the gentleman's plumpface bore a grave and troubled expression, and gravity and trouble werepatent in all the lines of his figure and in every gesture; in the wayhe turned his head; in the uneasy shifting of his hat from one hand tothe other and in his fanning himself with it in a nervous fashion;and in his small, blue eyes, which did not twinkle behind his rimlessglasses and looked unused to not twinkling.
his gravity clothed himlike an ill-fitting coat; or, possibly, he might have reminded theimaginative observer, just now conjured up, of a music-box set toturning its cylinder backwards.
he spoke to an attendant, and was directed to an office, which heentered without delay.
there were five men in the room, three of themengaged in conversation near the door; another, a young surgeon, waswriting at a desk; the fifth drowsily nodding on a sofa.
the newcomerbowed as he entered.
he said inquiringly.
one of the men near the door turned about.
"yes, sir," he answered, witha stem disfavor of the applicant; a disfavor possibly a perquisite ofhis office.
"i think i have met you," returned the other.
"my name is meredith."
mr. barrett probably did not locate the meeting, but the name provedan open sesame to his geniality, for he melted at once, and saying: "ofcourse, of course, mr. meredith; did you want a talk with me?"
claspedthe young man's hand confidentially in his, and, with an appearanceof assuring him that whatever the atrocity which had occurred in themeredith household it should be discreetly handled and hushed up,indicated a disposition to conduct him toward a more appropriateapartment for the rehearsal of scandal.
the young man accepted thehand-clasp with some resignation, but rejected the suggestion ofprivacy.
"a telegram from plattville reached me half an hour ago," he said.
"ishould have had it sooner, but i have been in the country all day."
the two men who had been talking with the superintendent turned quickly,and stared at the speaker.
he went on: "mr. harkless was an old--and--"he broke off, with a sudden, sharp choking, and for a moment was unableto control an emotion that seemed, for some reason, as surprising andunbefitting, in a person of his rubicund presence, as was his gravity.
an astonished tear glittered in the corner of his eye.
the grief ofthe gayer sorts of stout people appears, sometimes, to dumfound eventhemselves.
the young man took off his glasses and wiped them slowly."
--an old and very dear friend of mine."
he replaced the glassesinsecurely upon his nose.
"i telephoned to your headquarters, and theysaid you had come here."
"yes, sir; yes, sir," the superintendent of police responded,cheerfully.
"these two gentlemen are from plattville; mr. smith justgot in.
they mighty near had big trouble down there to-day, but i guesswe'll settle things for 'em up here.
let me make you acquainted with myfriend, mr. smith, and my friend, mr. homer.
gentlemen, my friend, mr.meredith, one of our well-known citizens."
"you hear it from the police, gentlemen," added mr. meredith, perking upa little.
"i know dr.
he nodded to the surgeon.
"i suppose you have heard some of the circumstances--those that we'vegiven out," said barrett.
"i read the account in the evening paper.
i had heard of harkless, ofcarlow, before; but it never occurred to me that it was my friend--i hadheard he was abroad--until i got this telegram from a relative of minewho happened to be down there."
"well," said the superintendent, "your friend made a mighty good fightbefore he gave up.
the teller, that's the man we've got out here, he'sso hacked up and shot and battered his mother wouldn't know him, if shewanted to; at least, that's what gay, here, says.
we haven't seen him,because the doctors have been at him ever since he was found, and theyexpect to do some more tonight, when we've had our interview withhim, if he lives long enough.
one of my sergeants found him in, thefreight-yards about four-o'clock and sent him here in the ambulance;knew it was teller, because he was stowed away in one of the empty carsthat came from plattville last night, and slattery--that's his runningmate, the one we caught with the coat and hat--gave in that they beattheir way on that freight.
i guess slattery let this one do most of thefighting; he ain't scratched; but mr. harkless certainly made it hot forthe teller."
"my relative believes that mr. harkless is still alive," said meredith.
mr. barrett permitted himself an indulgent smile.
he had the air ofhaving long ago discovered everything which anybody might wish to know,and of knowing a great deal which he held in reserve because it wasnecessary to suppress many facts for a purpose far beyond his auditor'scomprehension, though a very simple matter to himself.
"well, hardly, i expect," he replied, easily.
"no; he's hardly alive."
"oh, don't say that," said meredith.
"i'm afraid mr. barrett has to say it," broke in warren smith.
"we're uphere to see this fellow before he dies, to try and get him to tell whatdisposal they made of the----""ah!"
"i believe i'd rather he said the other than tohear you say that."
mr. horner felt the need of defending a fellow-townsman, and came to therescue, flushing painfully.
"it's mighty bad, i know," said the sheriffof carlow, the shadows of his honest, rough face falling in a solemnpattern; "i reckon we hate to say it as much as you hate to hear it;and warren really didn't get the word out.
it's stuck in our throats allday; and i don't recollect as i heard a single man say it before ileft our city this morning.
our folks thought a great deal of him, mr.meredith; i don't believe there's any thinks more.
but it's come to thatnow; you can't hardly see no chance left.
we be'n sweating this otherman, slattery, but we can't break him down.
jest tells us to go to"--thesheriff paused, evidently deterred by the thought that swear-words wereunbefitting a hospital--"to the other place, and shets his jaw up tight.
the one up here is called the teller, as mr. barrett says; his name'sjerry the teller.
well, we told slattery that jerry had died and left aconfession; tried to make him think there wasn't no hope fer him, and hemight as well up and tell his share; might git off easier; warned him tolook out for a mob if he didn't, maybe, and so on, but it never botheredhim at all.
he's nervy, all right.
told us to go--that is, he said itagain--and swore the teller was on his way to chicago, swore he seen himgit on the train.
wouldn't say another word tell he got a lawyer.
so,'soon as it was any use, we come up here--they reckon he'll come tobefore he dies.
we'll be glad to have you go in with us," horner saidkindly.
"i reckon it's all the same to mr.
"he will die, will he, gay?"
meredith asked, turning to the surgeon.
"oh, not necessarily," the young man replied, yawning slightly behindhis hand, and too long accustomed to straightforward questions to beshocked at an evident wish for a direct reply.
"his chances are better,because they'll hang him if he gets well.
they took the ball and a gooddeal of shot out of his side, and there's a lot more for afterwhile, ifhe lasts.
he's been off the table an hour, and he's still going."
"that's in his favor, isn't it?"
if young dr. gay perceived a slur in these interrogations hebetrayed no exterior appreciation of it.
i knowed there'd be'n a pistol used,though where they got it beats me--we stripped 'em--and it wasn't mr.harkless's; he never carried one.
but a shot-gun!"
an attendant entered and spoke to the surgeon, and gay rose wearily,touched the drowsy young man on the shoulder, and led the way to thedoor.
"you can come now," he said to the others; "though i doubt itsbeing any good to you.
they went down a long hall and up a narrow corridor, then stepped softlyinto a small, quiet ward.
there was a pungent smell of chemicals in the room; the light was low,and the dimness was imbued with a thick, confused murmur, incoherentwhisperings that came from a cot in the corner.
it was the only cot inuse in the ward, and meredith was conscious of a terror that made himdread, to look at it, to go near it.
beside it a nurse sat silent, andupon it feebly tossed the racked body of him whom barrett had calledjerry the teller.
the head was a shapeless bundle, so swathed it was with bandagesand cloths, and what part of the face was visible was discolored andpigmented with drugs.
stretched under the white sheet the man lookedimmensely tall--as horner saw with vague misgiving--and he lay in anodd, inhuman fashion, as though he had been all broken to pieces.
his attempts to move were constantly soothed by the nurse, and heas constantly renewed such attempts; and one hand, though torn andbandaged, was not to be restrained from a wandering, restless movementwhich meredith felt to be pathetic.
he had entered the room with a flareof hate for the thug whom he had come to see die, and who had struckdown the old friend whose nearness he had never known until it was toolate.
but at first sight of the broken figure he felt all animosity fallaway from him; only awe remained, and a growing, traitorous pity as hewatched the long, white fingers of the teller "pick at the coverlet."
the man was muttering rapid fragments of words, and syllables.
"somehow i feel a sense of wrong," meredith whispered to gay.
"i feel asif i had done the fellow to death myself, as if it were all out of gear.
i know, now, how henry felt over the great guisard.
my god, how tall helooks!
that doesn't seem to me like a thug's hand."
the surgeon nodded.
"of course, if there's a mistake to be made, you cancount on barrett and his sergeants to make it.
i doubt if this is theirman.
when they found him what clothes he wore were torn and stained; butthey had been good once, especially the linen."
barrett bent over the recumbent figure.
jerry," he said, "iwant to talk to you a little.
rouse up, will you?
i want to talk to youas a friend."
the incoherent muttering continued.
"see here, jerry!"
repeated barrett, more sharply.
rouse up,will you?
we don't want any fooling; understand that, jerry!"
he droppedhis hand on the man's shoulder and shook him slightly.
the telleruttered a short, gasping cry.
"let me," said gay, and swiftly interposed.
bending over the cot, hesaid in a pleasant, soft voice: "it's all right, old man; it's allright.
slattery wants to know what you did with that man down atplattville, when you got through with him.
he can't remember, and hethinks there was money left on him.
slattery's head was hurt--he can'tremember.
he'll go shares with you, when he gets it.
slattery's going tostand by you, if he can get the money."
the teller only tried to move his free hand to the shoulder barrett hadshaken.
"slattery wants to know," repeated the surgeon, gently moving the handback upon the sheet.
"he'll divvy up, when he gets it.
he'll stand byyou, old man."
"would you please not mind," whispered the teller faintly, "wouldyou please not mind if you took care not to brush against my shoulderagain?"
the surgeon drew back with an exclamation; but the teller's whispergathered strength, and they heard him murmuring oddly to himself.
meredith moved forward.
he asked, with a startled gesture.
"seems to be trying to sing, or something," said barrett, bending overto listen.
the teller swung his arm heavily over the side of the cot,the fingers never ceasing their painful twitching, and gay leaned downand gently moved the cloths so that the white, scarred lips were free.
they moved steadily; they seemed to be framing the semblance of an oldballad that meredith knew; the whisper grew more distinct, and it becamea rich but broken voice, and they heard it singing, like the sound ofsome far, halting minstrelsy:"wave willows--murmur waters--golden sunbeams smile, earthlymusic--cannot waken--lovely--annie lisle."
cried tom meredith.
the bandaged hand waved jauntily over the teller's head.
"ah, men," hesaid, almost clearly, and tried to lift himself on his arm, "i tellyou it's a grand eleven we have this year!
there will be little left ofanything that stands against them.
did you see jim romley ride over hisman this afternoon?"
as the voice grew clearer the sheriff stepped forward, but tom meredith,with a loud exclamation of grief, threw himself on his knees besidethe cot and seized the wandering fingers in his own.
is it _you_?"
the voice went on rapidly, not heeding him: "ah, you needn't howl; i'dhave been as much use at right as that sophomore.
well, laugh away, youindians!
if it hadn't been for this ankle--but it seems to be my chestthat's hurt--and side--not that it matters, you know; the sophomore'sjust as good, or better.
it's only my egotism.
yes, it must bethe side--and chest--and head--all over, i believe.
not that itmatters--i'll try again next year--next year i'll make it a daily, helensaid, not that i should call you helen--i mean miss--miss--fisbee--no,sherwood--but i've always thought helen was the prettiest name in theworld--you'll forgive me?--and please tell parker there's no morecopy, and won't be--i wouldn't grind out another stick to savehis immortal--yes, yes, a daily--she said-ah, i never made a goodtrade--no--they can't come seven miles--but i'll finish _you_, skillett,first; i know _you_!
i know nearly all of you!
now let's sing 'annielisle.'"
he lifted his hand as if to beat the time for a chorus.
"oh, john, john!"
cried tom meredith, and sobbed outright.
"my boy--myboy--old friend----" the cry of the classmate was like that of a mother,for it was his old idol and hero who lay helpless and broken before him.
the brougham lamps and the apathetic sparks of the cab gleamed in frontof the hospital till daylight.
two other pairs of lamps joined themin the earliest of the small hours, these subjoined to two deep-hoodedphaetons, from each of which quickly descended a gentleman with a beard,an air of eminence, and a small, ominous black box.
the air of eminencewas justified by the haste with which meredith had sent for them, and bytheir wide repute.
they arrived almost simultaneously, and hastily shookhands as they made their way to the ward down the long hall and up thenarrow corridor.
they had a short conversation with gay and a wordwith the nurse, then turned the others out of the room by a practicedinnuendo of manner.
they stayed a long time in the room without openingthe door.
meredith paced the hall alone, sometimes stopping to speakto warren smith; but the two officials of peace sat together in dumbconsternation and astonishment.
the sleepy young man relaxed himselfresignedly upon a bench in the hall had returned to the dormance fromwhich he had been roused.
the big hospital was very still.
now and thena nurse went through the hall, carrying something, and sometimes aneat young physician passed cheerfully along, looking as if he had manypatients who were well enough to testify to his skill, but sick enoughto pay for it.
outside, through the open front doors, the cricketschirped.
meredith went out on the steps, and breathed the cool night air.
aslender taint of drugs hung everywhere about the building, and thealmost imperceptible permeation sickened him; it was deadly, he thought,and imbued with a hideous portent of suffering.
that john harkless, ofall men, should lie stifled with ether, and bandaged and splintered,and smeared with horrible unguents, while they stabbed and slashedand tortured him, and made an outrage and a sin of that grand, big,dexterous body of his!
the lights in the littleward were turned up, and they seemed to shine from a chamber ofhorrors, while he waited, as a brother might have waited outside theinquisition--if, indeed, a brother would have been allowed to waitoutside the inquisition.
alas, he had found john harkless!
he had "lost track" of him as mensometimes do lose track of their best beloved, but it had always been acomfort to know that harkless _was_--somewhere, a comfort without whichhe could hardly have got along.
like others he had been waiting for johnto turn up--on top, of course; for people would always believe in himso, that he would be shoved ahead, no matter how much he hung backhimself--but meredith had not expected him to turn up in indiana.
he hadheard vaguely that harkless was abroad, and he had a general expectationthat people would hear of him over there some day, with papers like the"times" beseeching him to go on missions.
and he found him here, in hisown home, a stranger, alone and dying, receiving what ministrations werereserved for jerry the teller.
but it was helen sherwood who had foundhim.
he wondered how much those two had seen of each other, down therein plattville.
if they had liked each other, and harkless could havelived, he thought it might have simplified some things for helen.
he exclaimed aloud.
her telegram had a ring, even in the barrenfour sentences.
he wondered how much they had liked each other.
perhapsshe would wish to come at once.
when those fellows came out of the roomhe would send her a word by telegraph.
when they came out--ah!
he did not want them to come out; he was afraid.
they were an eternity--why didn't they come?
no; he hoped they would notcome, just now.
in a little time, in a few minutes, even, he would notdread a few words so much; but _now_ he couldn't quite bear to be toldhe had found his friend only to lose him, the man he had always mostneeded, wanted, loved.
everybody had always cared for harkless, whereverhe went.
that _he_ had always cared for everybody was part of thereason, maybe.
meredith remembered, now, hearing a man who had spent aday in plattville on business speak of him: "they've got a young fellowdown there who'll be governor in a few years.
he's a sort of dictator;and runs the party all over that part of the state to suit his own sweetwill, just by sheer personality.
and there isn't a man in that districtwho wouldn't cheerfully lie down in the mud to let him pass over dry.
it's that young harkless, you know; owns the 'herald,' the paperthat downed mccune and smashed those imitation 'white-caps' in carlowcounty."
meredith had been momentarily struck by the coincidence of thename, but his notion of harkless was so inseparably connected withwhat was (to his mind) a handsome and more spacious--certainly moreilluminated--field of action, that the idea that this might be hisfriend never entered his head.
helen had said something once--he couldnot remember what--that made him think she had half suspected it, andhe had laughed.
he thought of the whimsical fate that had taken her toplattville, of the reason for her going, and the old thought came tohim that the world is, after all, so very small.
he looked up at thetwinkling stars; they were reassuring and kind.
under their benignancyno loss could befall, no fate miscarry--for in his last thought he felthis vision opened, for the moment, to perceive a fine tracery of fate.
"ah, that would be too beautiful!"
and then he shivered; for his name was spoken from within.
it was soon plain to him that he need not have feared a few words, forhe did not in the least understand those with which the eminent surgeonsfavored him; and they at once took their departure.
he did understand,however, what horner told him.
mr. barrett, warren smith, and the sleepyyoung man had reentered the ward; and horner was following, but waitedfor meredith.
somehow, the look of the sheriff's sunday coat, wrinklingforlornly from his broad, bent shoulders, was both touching and solemn.
he said simply: "he's conscious and not out of his head.
they're gone into take his ante-mortem statement," and they went into the room.
harkless's eyes were bandaged.
the lawyer was speaking to him, and ashorner went awkwardly toward the cot.
warren said something indicativeof the sheriff's presence, and the hand on the sheet made a formlessmotion which horner understood, for he took the pale fingers in his own,very gently, and then set them back.
smith turned toward meredith, butthe latter made a gesture which forbade the attorney to speak of him,and went to a corner and sat down with his head in his hands.
the sleepy young man opened a notebook and shook a stylographic pen sothat the ink might flow freely.
the lawyer, briefly and with unlegalagitation, administered an oath, to which harkless responded feebly, andthen there was silence.
"now, mr. harkless, if you please," said barrett, insinuatingly; "if youfeel like telling us as much as you can about it?"
he answered in a low, rather indistinct voice, very deliberately,pausing before almost every word.
it was easy work for the sleepystenographer.
i don't want to go off my head again before i finish.
of course i know why you want this.
if it were only for myself i shouldtell you nothing, because, if i am to leave, i should like it better ifno one were punished.
but that's a bad community over there; they areeverlastingly worrying our people; they have always been a bother tous, and it's time it was stopped for good.
i don't believe very muchin punishment, but you can't do a great deal of reforming with thecross-roaders unless you catch them young--very young, before they'reweaned--they wean them on whiskey, i think.
i realize you needn't havesworn me for me to tell you this."
homer and smith had started at the mention of the cross-roads, but theysubdued their ejaculations, while mr. barrett looked as if he had knownit, of course.
the room was still, save for the dim voice and the softtranscribings of the stylographic pen.
"i left judge briscoe's, and went west on the pike to a big tree.
itrained, and i stepped under the tree for shelter.
there was a man on theother side of the fence.
it was bob skillett.
he was carrying his gownand hood--i suppose it was that--on his arm.
then i saw two others alittle farther east, in the middle of the road; and i think they hadfollowed me from the briscoes', or near there.
they had their foolishregalia on, as all the rest had,--there was plenty of lightning to see.
the two in the road were simply standing there in the rain, lookingat me through the eye-holes in their hoods.
i knew there wereothers--plenty--but i thought they were coming from behind me--the west.
"i wanted to get home--the court-house yard was good enough for me--so istarted east, toward town.
i passed the two gentlemen; and one fell downas i went by him, but the other fired a shot as a signal, and i gothis hood off his face for it--i stopped long enough--and it was forcejohnson.
i know him well.
then i ran, and they followed.
a little aheadof me i saw six or eight of them spread across the road.
i knew i'd havea time getting through, so i jumped the fence to cut across the fields,and i lit in a swarm of them--it had rained them just where i jumped.
iset my back to the fence, but one of the fellows in the road leaned overand smashed my head in, rather--with the butt of a gun, i believe.
icame out from the fence and they made a little circle around me.
noone said anything.
i saw they had ropes and saplings, and i didn't wantthat, exactly, so i went into them.
i got a good many hoods off beforeit was over, and i can swear to quite a number besides those i toldyou."
he named the men, slowly and carefully.
then he went on: "i thinkthey gave up the notion of whipping.
we all got into a bunch, and theycouldn't clear to shoot without hitting some of their own: and there wasa lot of gouging and kicking--one fellow nearly got my left eye, andi tried to tear him apart and he screamed so that i think he was hurt.
once or twice i thought i might get away, but somebody hammered me overthe head and face again, and i got dizzy; and then they all jumped awayfrom me suddenly, and bob skillett stepped up--and--shot me.
he waitedfor a good flurry of lightning, and i was slow tumbling down.
some oneelse fired a shot-gun, i think--i can't be sure--about the same time,from the side.
i tried to get up, but i couldn't, and then they gottogether, for a consultation.
the man i had hurt--i didn't recognizehim--came and looked at me.
he was nursing himself all over; andgroaned; and i laughed, i--at any rate, my arm was lying stretched outon the grass, and he stamped his heel into my hand, and after a littleof that i quit feeling.
"i'm not quite clear about what happened afterwards.
they went away, notfar, i think.
there's an old shed, a cattle-shelter, near there, andi think the storm drove them under it to wait for a slack.
it seemed along time.
sometimes i was conscious, sometimes i wasn't.
i thoughti might be drowned, but i suppose the rain was good for me.
then iremember being in motion, being dragged and carried a long way.
theytook me up a steep, short slope, and set me down near the top.
i knewthat was the railroad embankment, and i thought they meant to lay meacross the track, but it didn't occur to them, i suppose--they are notfamiliar with melodrama--and a long time after that i felt and heard agreat banging and rattling under me and all about me, and it came to methat they had disposed of me by hoisting me into an empty freight-car.
the odd part of it was that the car wasn't empty, for there were two menalready in it, and i knew them by what they said to me.
"they were the two shell-men who cheated hartley bowlder, and theyweren't vindictive; they even seemed to be trying to help me a little,though perhaps they were only stealing my clothes, and maybe theythought for them to do anything unpleasant would be superfluous; i couldsee that they thought i was done for, and that they had been hiding inthe car when i was put there.
i asked them to try to call the trainmen for me, but they wouldn't listen, or else i couldn't make myselfunderstood.
the rest is a blur.
i haven't known anythingmore until those surgeons were here.
please tell me how long ago ithappened.
i shall not die, i think; there are a good many things i wantto know about."
he moved restlessly and the nurse soothed him.
meredith rose and left the room with a noiseless step.
he went outto the stars again, and looked to them to check the storm of rage andsorrow that buffeted his bosom.
he understood lynching, now the thingwas home to him, and his feeling was no inspiration of a fear lest thelaw miscarry; it was the itch to get his own hand on the rope.
hornercame out presently, and whispered a long, broad, profound curse uponthe men of the cross-roads, and meredith's gratitude to him was keen.
barrett went away, soon after, leaving the cab for the gentlemen fromplattville.
meredith had a strange, unreasonable desire to kick barrett,possibly for his sergeant's sake.
warren smith sat in the ward with thenurse and gay, and the room was very quiet.
it was a long vigil.
they were only waiting.
at five o'clock he was still alive--just that, smith came out to say.
meredith sent his driver with a telegram to helen which would giveplattville the news that harkless was found and was not yet gone fromthem.
homer took the cab and left for the station; there was a train,and there were things for him to do in carlow.
at noon meredith senta second telegram to helen, as barren of detail as the first: he wasalive--was a little improved.
this telegram did not reach her, for shewas on the way to rouen, and half of the population of carlow--at least,so it appeared to the unhappy conductor of the accommodation--was withher.
they seemed to feel that they could camp in the hospital halls andcorridors, and they were an incalculable worry to the authorities.
morecame on every train, and nearly all brought flowers, and jelly, andchickens for preparing broth, and they insisted that the two latterdelicacies be fed to the patient at once.
meredith was possessed by anunaccountable responsibility for them all, and invited a great many tostay at his own house.
they were still in ignorance of the truth aboutthe cross-roads, and some of them spent the day (it was sunday) inplanning an assault upon the rouen jail for the purpose of lynchingslattery in case harkless's condition did not improve at once.
those whohad heard his statement kept close mouths until the story appearedin full in the rouen papers on monday morning; but by that time everymember of the cross-roads white-caps was lodged in the rouen jail withslattery.
homer and a heavily armed posse rode over to the muddy cornerson sunday night, and the sheriff discovered that he might have taken theskilletts and johnsons single-handed and unarmed.
their nerve wasgone; they were shaken and afraid; and, to employ a figure somewhatinappropriate to their sullen, glad surrender, they fell upon his neckin their relief at finding the law touching them.
they had no wish tohear "john brown's body" again.
they wanted to get inside of a strongjail, and to throw themselves on the mercy of the court as soon aspossible.
and those whom harkless had not recognized delayed not to givethemselves up; they did not desire to remain in six-cross-roads.
bobskillett, force johnson, and one or two others needed the care of aphysician badly, and one man was suffering from a severely wrenchedback.
homer had a train stopped at a crossing, so that his prisonersneed not be taken through plattville, and he brought them all safelyto rouen.
had there chanced any one to ride through the desertedcross-roads the next morning, passing the trampled fields and thecharred ruins of the two shanties to the east, and listening to thelamentations of the women and children, he would have declared that atlast the old score had been paid, and that six-cross-roads was wipedout.
the carlow folks were deeply impressed with the two eminent surgeons,of whom some of them had heard, and on tuesday, the bulletins markingconsiderable encouragement, most of them decided to temporarily risk theeditor of the "herald" to such capable hands, and they returned quietlyto their homes; only a few were delayed in reaching carlow by travellingto the first station in the opposite direction before they succeeded inplanting themselves on the proper train.
meanwhile, the object of their solicitude tossed and burned on his bedof pain.
he was delirious most of the time, and, in the intervals ofhalf-consciousness, found that his desire to live, very strong at first,had disappeared; he did not care much about anything except rest--hewanted peace.
in his wanderings he was almost always back in his collegedays, beholding them in an unhappy, distorted fashion.
he would lieasprawl on the sward with the others, listening to the seniors singingon the steps, and, all at once, the old, kindly faces would expandenormously and press over him with hideous mouthings, and an ugly seniorin cap and gown would stamp him and grind a spiked heel into his hand;then they would toss him high into air that was all flames, and he wouldfall and fall through the raging heat, seeing the cool earth far beneathhim, but never able to get down to it again.
and then he was drivenmiles and miles by dusky figures, through a rain of boiling water; andat other times the whole universe was a vast, hot brass bell, and itgave off a huge, continuous roar and hum, while he was a mere point ofconsciousness floating in the exact centre of the heat and sound waves,and he listened, listened for years, to the awful, brazen hum from whichthere could be no escape; at the same time it seemed to him that he wasonly a freshman on the slippery roof of the tower, trying to steal theclapper of the chapel bell.
finally he came to what he would have considered a lucid interval, hadit not appeared that helen sherwood was whispering to tom meredith atthe foot of his bed.
this he knew to be a fictitious presentation ofhis fever, for was she not by this time away and away for foreign lands?
and, also, tom meredith was a slim young thing, and not the middle-agedyouth with an undeniable stomach and a baldish head, who, by thegrotesque necromancy of his hallucinations, assumed a preposterouslikeness to his old friend.
he waved his hand to the figures and theyvanished like figments of a dream; but all the same the vision had beenrealistic enough for the lady to look exquisitely pretty.
no one couldhelp wishing to stay in a world which contained as charming a picture asthat.
and then, too quickly, the moment of clearness passed; and he wastroubled about the "herald," beseeching those near him to put copiesof the paper in his hands, threatening angrily to believe they weredeceiving him, that his paper had suspended, if the three issues ofthe week were not instantly produced.
what did they mean by keeping thetruth from him?
he knew the "herald" had not come out.
who was there toget it out in his absence?
he raised himself on his elbow and struggledto be up; and they had hard work to quiet him.
but the next night meredith waited near his bedside, haggard anddishevelled.
harkless had been lying in a long stupor; suddenly hespoke, quite loudly, and the young surgeon, gay, who leaned over him,remembered the words and the tone all his life.
"away and away--across the waters," said john harkless.
"she washere--once--in june."
"what is it, john?"
whispered meredith, huskily.
"you're easier, aren'tyou?"
and john smiled a little, as if, for an instant, his swathed eyespenetrated the bandages, and saw and knew his old friend again.
that same night a friend of rodney mccune's sent a telegram from rouen:"he is dying.
his paper is dead.
your name goes before convention inseptember."
on monday morning three men sat in council in the "herald" office; thatis, if staring out of dingy windows in a demented silence may becalled sitting in council; that was what mr. fisbee and parker and rossschofield were doing.
by almost desperate exertions, these three and budtipworthy had managed to place before the public the issues of the paperfor the previous week, unaided by their chief, or, rather, aided by longaccounts of his condition and the manner of his mishap; and, intruth, three copies were at that moment in the possession of dr. gay,accompanied by a note from parker warning the surgeon to exhibit them tohis patient only as a last resort, as the foreman feared the perusal ofthem might cause a relapse.
by indiscriminate turns, acting as editors, reporters, andtypesetters--and particularly space-writers--the three men had worriedout three issues, and part of the fourth (to appear the next morning)was set up; but they had come to the end of their string, and there werevarious horrid gaps yet to fill in spite of a too generous spreading ofadvertisements.
bud tipworthy had been sent out to besiege miss tibbs,all of whose recent buds of rhyme had been hot-housed into inky blossomduring the week, and after a long absence the youth returned with asomewhat abrupt quatrain, entitled "the parisians of old," which she hadproduced while he waited--only four lines, according to the measure theymeted, which was not regardful of art--less than a drop in the bucket,or, to preserve the figure, a single posy where they needed a bouquet.
bud went down the rickety outside stairs, and sat on the loweststep, whistling "wait till the clouds roll by, jenny"; ross schofielddescended to set up the quatrain, and fisbee and parker were left tosilence and troubled meditation.
they were seated on opposite sides of harkless's desk.
sheets of blankscratch-paper lay before them, and they relaxed not their knit brows.
now and then, one of them, after gazing vacantly about the room forten or fifteen minutes, would attack the sheet before him with fiercestenergy; then the energy would taper off, and the paragraph halt, thewriter peruse it dubiously, then angrily tear off the sheet and hurlit to the floor.
all around them lay these snowballs of defeatedjournalism.
mr. parker was a long, loose, gaunt gentleman, with a peremptoryforehead and a capable jaw, but on the present occasion his capabilitywas baffled and swamped in the attempt to steer the craft of his talentup an unaccustomed channel without a pilot.
"i don't see as it's anyuse, fisbee," he said, morosely, after a series of efforts that litteredthe floor in every direction.
"i'm a born compositor, and i can't shiftmy trade.
i stood the pace fairly for a week, but i'll have to give up;i'm run plumb dry.
i only hope they won't show him our saturday withyour three columns of 'a word of the lotus motive,' reprinted fromfebruary.
i begin to sympathize with the boss, because i know what hefelt when i ballyragged him for copy.
yes, sir, i know how it is to bean editor in a dead town now."
"we must remember, too," said his companion, thoughtfully, "there is thethursday issue of this week to be prepared, almost at once."
please don't mention that, fisbee!"
parker tilted far back inhis chair with his feet anchored under the desk, preserving a precariousbalance.
"i ain't as grateful for my promotion to joint editor-in-chiefas i might be.
i'm a middling poor man for the hour, i guess," heremarked, painfully following the peregrinations of a fly on hiscompanion's sleeve.
mr. fisbee twisted up another sheet, and employed his eyes in followingthe course of a crack in the plaster, a slender black aperture whichstaggered across the dusty ceiling and down the dustier wall todisappear behind a still dustier map of carlow county.
exclaimed parker, observing the other's preoccupation.
"soonas you get to writing a line or two that seems kind of promising, youbegin to take a morbid interest in that blamed crack.
it's busted upenough copy for me, the last eight days, to have filled her up twentytimes over.
i don't know as i ever care to see that crack again.
iturned my back on it, but there wasn't any use in that, because if afly lights on you i watch him like a brother, and if there ain't any flyi've caught a mania for tapping my teeth with a pencil, that is just asgood."
to these two gentlemen, thus disengaged, reentered (after a much longerabsence than miss selina's quatrain justified) mr. ross schofield, ahealthy glow of exertion lending pleasant color to his earnest visage,and an almost visible laurel of success crowning his brows.
in additionto this imaginary ornament, he was horned with pencils over both ears,and held some scribbled sheets in his hand.
"i done a good deal down there," he announced cheerfully, drawing up achair to the desk.
"i thought up a heap of things i've heard lately, andthey'll fill up mighty well.
that there poem of miss seliny's was a kindof an inspiration to me, and i tried one myself, and it didn't comehard at all.
when i got started once, it jest seemed to flow from me.
i didn't set none of it up," he added modestly, but with evidentconsciousness of having unearthed genius in himself and an elateforeknowledge of the treat in store for his companions.
"i thought i'dort to see how you liked it first."
he offered the papers to mr. parker,but the foreman shook his head.
"you read it, ross," i said.
"i don't believe i feel hearty enoughto-day.
read the items first--we can bear the waiting."
inquired mr. schofield.
"for the poem," replied parker, grimly.
with a vague but not fleeting smile, ross settled the sheets in order,and exhibited tokens of that pleasant nevousness incident to appearingbefore a critical audience, armed with literature whose merits shoulddelight them out of the critical attitude.
"i run across a great schemedown there," he volunteered amiably, by way of preface; "i describedeverything in full, in as many words as i could think up; it's mightyfilling, and it'll please the public, too; it gives 'em a lot moreinformation than they us'ally git.
i reckon there's two sticks of jestthem extry words alone."
"go on," said the foreman, rather ominously.
ross began to read, a matter necessitating a puckered brow and at timesan amount of hesitancy and ruminating, as his results had already cooleda little, and he found his hand difficult to decipher.
"here's thefirst," he said:"'the large and handsome, fawn-colored, two years and one-half year oldjersey of frederick bibshaw jones, esquire----'"the foreman interrupted him: "every reader of the 'herald' will be gladto know that jersey's age and color!
but go on."
"'--frederick bibshaw jones, esquire,'" pursued his assistant, withsome discomfiture, "'--esquire, our popular and well-dressedfellow-citizen----'""you're right; bib jones is a heavy swell," said parker in a breakingvoice."'
--citizen, can be daily seen wandering from the far end of hispasture-lot to the other far end of it.'"
"no," returned the other, meekly, "bib jones's."
"oh," said parker.
"is that the end of that item?
you want to getout of plattville, my friend; it's too small for you; you go to rouenand you'll be city editor of the 'journal' inside of a week.
mr. schofield looked up blankly; however, he felt that there was enoughlive, legitimate news in his other items to redeem the somewhat tamequality of the first, and so, after having crossed out several of theextra words which had met so poor a reception, he proceeded:"'whit upton's pigs broke out last wednesday and rooted up a fine patchof garden truck.
hard luck, whit.'
"'jerusalem hawkins took a drive yesterday afternoon.
he had the bayto his side-bar.
jee's buggy has been recently washed.
"there's thrilling information!"
shouted the foreman.
"that'll touch thegentle reader to the marrow.
the boss had to use some pretty rotten copyhimself, but he never got as low as that.
but we'll use it; oh, we'lluse it!
if we don't get her out he'll have a set-back, but if they showher to him it'll kill him.
if it doesn't, and he gets well, he'll killus.
but we'll use it, ross.
don't read any more to us, though; i feelweaker than i did, and i wasn't strong before.
go down and set it allup."
mr. schofield rejoined with an injured air, and yet hopefully: "i'd liketo see what you think of the poetry--it seemed all right to me, but ireckon you ain't ever the best judge of your own work.
shall i read it?"
the foreman only glanced at him in silence, and the young man took thisfor assent.
"i haven't made up any name for it yet."
"'o, the orphan boy stood on the hill,              the wind blew cold and very chill--'"glancing at his auditors, he was a trifle abashed to observe a glazeupon the eyes of mr. parker, while a purple tide rose above hisneck-band and unnaturally distended his throat and temples.
with aplacative little laugh, mr. schofield remarked: "i git the swing to herall right, i reckon, but somehow it doesn't sound so kind of good aswhen i was writing it."
there was no response, and he went on hurriedly:            "'but there he saw the little rill--'"the poet paused to say, with another amiable laugh: "it's sort of hardto git out of them ill, hill, chill rhymes once you strike 'em.
it runson like this:                                        "'--little rill         that curved and spattered around the hill.'
"i guess that's all right, to use 'hill' twice; don't you reckon so?
"'and the orphan he stood there until              the wind and all gave him a chill;              and he sickened--'"that day ross read no more, for the tall printer, seemingly incapableof coherent speech, kicked the desk impotently, threw his arms abovehis head, and, his companions confidently looking to see him foam at themouth, lost his balance and toppled over backward, his extensive legswaving wildly in the air as he struck the floor.
mr. schofield fled.
parker made no effort to rise, but lay glaring at the ceiling, breathinghard.
he remained in that position for a long time, until finally theglaze wore away from his eyes and a more rational expression settledover his features.
mr. fisbee addressed him timidly: "you don't think wecould reduce the size of the sheet?"
"it would kill him," answered his prostrate companion.
"we've got tofill her solid some way, though i give up; i don't know how.
how thatman has worked!
it was genius.
he just floated around the county andsoaked in items, and he wrote editorials that people read.
one thing'scertain: we can't do it.
we're ruining his paper for him, and when hegets able to read, it'll hurt him bad.
mighty few knew how much pride hehad in it.
has it struck you that now would be a precious good time forit to occur to rod mccune to come out of his hole?
suppose we go by theboard, what's to stop him?
what's to stop him, anyway?
who knows wherethe boss put those copies and affidavits, and if we did know, would weknow the best way to use 'em?
if we did, what's to keep the 'herald'alive until mccune lifts his head?
and if we don't stop him, the 'carlowcounty herald' is finished.
something's got to be done!'"
no one realized this more poignantly than mr. fisbee, but no one wasless capable of doing something of his own initiation.
and althoughthe tuesday issue was forthcoming, embarrassingly pale in spots--mostspots--mr. martin remarked rather publicly that the items were not whatyou might call stirring, and that the unpatented pages put him in mindof jones's field in winter with a dozen chunks of coal dropped in thesnow.
and his observations on the later issues of the week (issues whichwere put forth with a suggestion of spasm, and possibly to the permanentinjury of mr. parker's health, he looked so thin) were too cruellyunkind to be repeated here.
indeed, mr. fisbee, parker, the luckless mr.schofield, and the young tipworthy may be not untruthfully likened toa band of devoted mariners lost in the cold and glaring regions of ajournalistic greenland: limitless plains of empty white paper extendingabout them as far as the eye could reach, while life depended upon theirmaking these terrible voids productive; and they shrank appalled fromthe task, knowing no means to fertilize the barrens; having no talent tobring the still snows into harvests, and already feeling-in the chill ofmr. martin's remarks--a touch of the frost that might wither them.
it was fisbee who caught the first glimpse of a relief expeditionclipping the rough seas on its lively way to rescue them, and, althoughhis first glimpse of the jaunty pennant of the relieving vessels wasover the shoulder of an iceberg, nothing was surer than that the craftwas flying to them with all good and joyous speed.
the iceberg justmentioned assumed--by no melting process, one may be sure--the form of along letter, first postmarked at rouen, and its latter substance was asfollows:"henry and i have always believed you as selfish, james fisbee, asyou are self-ingrossed and incapable.
she has told us of your'renunciation'; of your 'forbidding' her to remain with you; how you'commanded,' after you had 'begged' her, to return to us, and how herconscience told her she should stay and share your life in spite ofour long care of her, but that she yielded to your 'wishes' and ourentreaty.
what have you ever done for her and what have you to offerher?
she is our daughter, and needless to say we shall still take careof her, for no one believes you capable of it, even in that miserableplace, and, of course, in time she will return to her better wisdom,her home, and her duty.
i need scarcely say we have given up the happymonths we had planned to spend in dresden.
henry and i can only stay athome to pray that her preposterous mania will wear itself out in shortorder, as she will find herself unfitted for the ridiculous task whichshe insists upon attempting against the earnest wishes of us who havebeen more than father and mother to her.
of course, she has talkedvolumes of her affection for us, and of her gratitude, which we do notwant--we only want her to stay with us.
please, please try to make hercome back to us--we cannot bear it long.
if you are a man you will sendher to us soon.
her excuse for not returning on the day we wired ourintention to go abroad at once (and i may as well tell you now that ourintention to go was formed in order to bring affairs to a crisis and todraw her away from your influence--we always dreaded her visit to youand held it off for years)--her excuse was that your best friend, and,as i understand it, your patron, had been injured in some brawl inthat christian country of yours--a charming place to take a girl likeher--and she would not leave you in your 'distress' until more was knownof the man's injuries.
and now she insists--and you will know it fromher by the next mail--on returning to plattville, forsooth, becauseshe has been reading your newspaper, and she says she knows you are indifficulties over it, and it is her moral obligation--as by some wildreasoning of her own she considers herself responsible for your rufflingpatron's having been alone when he was shot--to go down and help.
isuppose he made love to her, as all the young men she meets always do,sooner or later, but i have no fear of any rustic entanglements tor her;she has never been really interested, save in one affair.
we arequite powerless--we have done everything; but we cannot alter herdetermination to edit your paper for you.
naturally, she knows nothingwhatever about such work, but she says, with the air of triumphantlyquelching all such argument, that she has talked a great deal to mr.macauley of the 'journal.'
mr. macauley is the affair i have alluded to;he is what she has meant when she has said, at different times, that shewas interested in journalism.
but she is very business-like now.
shehas bought a typewriter and purchased a great number of soft pencils anderasers at an art shop; i am only surprised that she does not intend toedit your miserable paper in water-colors.
she is coming at once.
formercy's sake don't telegraph her not to; your forbiddings work thewrong way.
our only hope is that she will find the conditions so utterlydiscouraging at the very start that she will give it up and come home.
if you are a man you will help to make them so.
she has promised to staywith that country girl with whom she contracted such an incomprehensiblefriendship at miss jennings's.
"oh, james, pray for grace to be a man once in your life and send herback to us!
be a man--try to be a man!
remember the angel you killed!
remember all we have done for you and what a return you have made, andbe a man for the first time.
try and be a man!
"your unhappy sister-in-law,                                         "martha sherwood."
mr. fisbee read the letter with a great, rising delight which no senseof duty could down; indeed, he perceived that his sense of duty hadceased to conflict with the one strong hope of his life, just as heperceived that to be a man, according to martha sherwood, was, in part,to assist martha sherwood to have her way in things; and, for the rest,to be the sort of man she persuaded herself she would be were she not awoman.
this he had never been able to be.
by some whimsy of fate, or by a failure of karma (or, perhaps, by sometriumph of kismetic retribution), james fisbee was born in one of themost business-like and artless cities of a practical and modern country,of money-getting, money-saving parents, and he was born a dreamer ofthe past.
he grew up a student of basilican lore, of choir-screens, ofpersian frescoes, and an ardent lounger in the somewhat musty precinctsof chaldea and byzantium and babylon.
early christian symbolism, adispute over the site of a greek temple, the derivation of the lotuscolumn, the restoration of a gothic buttress--these were the absorbingquestions of his youth, with now and then a lighter moment spent inanalytical consideration of the extra-mural decorations of st. mark's.
the world buzzed along after its own fashion, not disturbing him, andhis absorptions permitted only a faint consciousness of the despair ofhis relatives regarding his mind.
arrived at middle-age, and a littlemore, he found himself alone in the world (though, for that matter, hehad always been alone and never of the world), and there was plenty ofmoney for him with various bankers who appeared to know about lookingafter it.
returning to the town of his nativity after sundry expeditionsin syria--upon which he had been accompanied by dusky gentlemen withpickaxes and curly, long-barrelled muskets--he met, and was married by,a lady who was ambitious, and who saw in him (probably as a fulfilmentof another kismetic punishment) a power of learning and a destinedsuccess.
not long after the birth of their only child, a daughter,he was "called to fill the chair" of archaeology in a newly foundeduniversity; one of the kind which a state and a millionaire combine topurchase ready-made.
this one was handed down off the shelf in a more orless chaotic condition, and for a period of years betrayed considerabledoubt as to its own intentions, undecided whether they were classicalor technical; and in the settlement of that doubt lay the secret of thepast of the one man in plattville so unhappy as to possess a past.
fromthat settlement and his own preceding action resulted his downfall,his disgrace with his wife's relatives, the loss of his wife, the rage,surprise, and anguish of her sister, martha, and martha's husband, henrysherwood, and the separation from his little daughter, which was byfar to him the hardest to bear.
for fisbee, in his own way, and withoutconsulting anybody--it never occurred to him, and he was supposed oftento forget that he had a wife and child--had informally turned over tothe university all the money which the banks had kindly taken care of,and had given it to equip an expedition which never expedited.
a newpresident of the institution was installed; he talked to the trustees;they met, and elected to become modern and practical and technical; theyabolished the course in fine arts, which abolished fisbee's connectionwith them, and they then employed his money to erect a building for themechanical engineering department.
fisbee was left with nothing.
hiswife and her kinsfolk exhibited no brilliancy in holding a totallyirresponsible man down to responsibilities, and they made a tragedy ofa not surprising fiasco.
mrs. fisbee had lived in her ambitions, andshe died of heartbreak over the discovery of what manner of man she hadmarried.
but, before she died, she wisely provided for her daughter.
fisbee told parker the story after his own queer fashion.
"you see, mr. parker," he said, as they sat together in the dust andlitter of the "herald" office, on sunday afternoon, "you see, i admitthat my sister-in-law has always withheld her approbation from me, andpossibly her disapproval is well founded--i shall say probably.
my wifehad also a considerable sum, and this she turned over to me at the timeof our marriage, though i had no wish regarding it one way or the other.
when i gave my money to the university with which i had the honor to beconnected, i added to it the fund i had received from her, as i was therecipient of a comfortable salary as a lecturer in the institutionand had no fear of not living well, and i was greatly interested inproviding that the expedition should be perfectly equipped.
expeditionsof the magnitude of that which i had planned are expensive, i should,perhaps, inform you, and this one was to carry on investigationsregarding several important points, very elaborately; and i am stillconvinced it would have settled conclusively many vital questionsconcerning the derivation of the babylonian column, as: whether thelotus column may be without prejudice said to--but at the present momenti will not enter into that.
i fear i had no great experience in moneymatters, for the transaction had been almost entirely verbal, andthere was nothing to bind the trustees to carry out my plans for theexpedition.
they were very sympathetic, but what could they do?
theybegged leave to inquire.
such an institution cannot give back money oncedonated, and it was clearly out of character for a school of technologyand engineering to send savants to investigate the lotus column."
"i see," mr. parker observed, genially.
he listened with the mostingratiating attention, knowing that he had a rich sensation toset before plattville as a dish before a king, for fisbee's was noconfidential communication.
the old man might have told a part of hishistory long ago, but it had never occurred to him to talk about hisaffairs--things had a habit of not occurring to fisbee--and the effortsof the gossips to draw him out always passed over his serene and absenthead.
"it was a blow to my wife," the old man continued, sadly, "and i cannotdeny that her reproaches were as vehement as her disappointment wassincere."
he hurried over this portion of his narrative with a vaguelytroubled look, but the intelligent parker read poor mrs. fisbee's stateof mind between the sentences.
"she never seemed to regard me in thesame light again," the archaeologist went on.
"she did not concealfrom me that she was surprised and that she could not look upon me as apractical man; indeed, i may say, she appeared to regard me with markedantipathy.
she sent for her sister, and begged her to take our daughterand keep her from me, as she did not consider me practical enough-i willsubstitute for her more embittered expressions--to provide for achild and instruct it in the world's ways.
my sister-in-law, who waschildless, consented to adopt the little one, on the conditions thati renounced all claim, and that the child legally assumed her name andshould be in all respects as her own daughter, and that i consented tosee her but once a year, in rouen, at my brother-in-law's home.
"i should have refused, but i--my wife--that is--she was--verypressing--in her last hours, and they all seemed to feel that i ought tomake amends--all except the little girl herself, i should say, for shepossessed, even as an infant, an exceptional affection for her father.
i had nothing; my salary was gone, and i was discomfited by the combinedactions of the trustees and my relatives, so--i--i gave her up to them,and my wife passed away in a more cheerful frame of mind, i think.
thatis about all.
one of the instructors obtained the position here for me,which i--i finally--lost, and i went to see the little girl every newyear's day.
this year she declared her intention of visiting _me_, butshe was persuaded by friends who were conversant with the circumstancesto stay with them, where i could be with her almost as much as at myapartment at mr. tibbs's.
she had long since declared her intention ofsome day returning to live with me, and when she came she was strenuousin insisting that the day had come."
the old man's voice broke suddenlyas he observed: "she has--a very--beautiful--character, mr.
the foreman nodded with warm confirmation.
"i believe you, sir.
yes,sir; i saw her, and i guess she looks it.
you take that kind of a ladyusually, and catch her in a crowd like the one show-day, and she can'thelp doing the grand duchess, giving the tenants a treat--but not her;she didn't seem to _separate_ herself from 'em, some way."
"she is a fine lady," said the other simply.
"i did not accept herrenunciation, though i acknowledge i forbade it with a very poignantenvy.
i could not be the cause of her giving up for my sake her stateof ease and luxury--for my relatives are more than well-to-do, and theymade it plain she must choose between them and me, with the design, ithink, of making it more difficult to choose me.
and, also, it seemedto me, as it did to her, that she owed them nearly everything, but shedeclared i had lived alone so long that she owed me everything, also.
she is a--beautiful--character, mr.
"well," said parker, after a pause, "the town will be upside down overthis; and folks will be mighty glad to have it explained about yourbeing out there so much, and at the deepo, and all this and that.
everybody in the place has been wondering what in--that is--" hefinished in some confusion--"that is--what i started to say was thatit won't be so bad as it might be, having a lady in the office here.
idon't cuss to speak of, and ross can lay off on his till the boss comesback.
besides, it's our only chance.
if she can't make the 'herald' hum,we go to the wall."
the old man did not seem to hear him.
"i forbade the renunciation shewished to make for my sake," he said, gently, "but i accept it now forthe sake of our stricken friend--for mr.
"and for the carlow 'herald,'" completed the foreman.
the morning following that upon which this conversation took place,the two gentlemen stood together on the station platform, awaitingthe arrival of the express from rouen.
it was a wet gray day; the widecountry lay dripping under formless wraps of thin mist, and a warm,drizzling rain blackened the weather-beaten shingles of the station;made clear-reflecting puddles of the unevenly worn planks of theplatform, and dampened the packing-cases that never went anywhere toothoroughly for occupation by the station-lounger, and ran in a littlecrystal stream off fisbee's brown cotton umbrella and down mr. parker'sback.
the 'bus driver, mr. bennett, the proprietor of two attendant"cut-unders," and three or four other worthies whom business, or thelack of it, called to that locality, availed themselves of the shelterof the waiting-room, but the gentlemen of the "herald" were too agitatedto be confined, save by the limits of the horizon.
they had reached thestation half an hour before train time, and consumed the interval inpacing the platform under the cotton umbrella, addressing each otheronly in monosyllables.
those in the waiting-room gossiped eagerly, andfor the thousandth time, about the late events, and the tremendous newsconcerning fisbee.
judd bennett looked out through the rainy doorway atthe latter with reverence and a fine pride of townsmanship, declaringit to be his belief that fisbee and parker were waiting for her atthe present moment.
it was a lady, and a bird of a lady, too, else whyshould cale parker be wearing a coat, and be otherwise dooded and fixedup beyond any wedding?
judd and his friends were somewhat excited overparker.
fisbee was clad in his best shabby black, which lent an air of state tothe occasion, but mr. parker--caleb parker, whose heart, during his fiveyears of residence in plattville, had been steel-proof against all thefeminine blandishments of the town, whose long, lank face had shownbeneath as long, and lanker, locks of proverbially uncombed hair, he whohad for weeks conspicuously affected a single, string-patched suspender,who never, even upon the sabbath day, wore a collar or blacked hisshoes--what aesthetic leaven had entered his soul that he donned not acoat alone but also a waistcoat with checks?--and, more than _that_, agleaming celluloid collar?--and, more than that, a brilliant blue tie?
what had this iron youth to do with a rising excitement at train timeand brilliant blue ties?
also, it might have been inquired if this parade of fashion had noconnection with the simultaneous action of mr. ross schofield; forross was at this hour engaged in decorating the battered chairs in the"herald" editorial room with blue satin ribbon, the purchase of which atthe dry goods emporium had been directed by a sudden inspiration of hissuperior of the composing force.
it was ross's intention to garnisheach chair with an elaborately tied bow, but, as he was no sailor andunderstood only the intricacies of a hard-knot, he confined himselfto that species of ornamentation, leaving, however, very long ends ofribbon hanging down after the manner of the pendants of rosettes.
it scarcely needs the statement that his labors were in honor of the neweditor-in-chief of the carlow "herald."
the advent and the purposesof this personage were, as yet, known certainly to only those of the"herald" and to the briscoes.
it had been arranged, however, that minnieand her father were not to come to the station, for the journalisticcrisis was immoderately pressing; the "herald" was to appear on themorrow, and the new editor wished to plunge directly, and without thebriefest distraction, into the paper's difficulties, now accumulatedinto a veritable sea of troubles.
the editor was to be delivered to thebriscoes at eventide and returned by them again at dewy morn; andthis was to be the daily programme.
it had been further--and mostearnestly--stipulated that when the wounded proprietor of the ailingjournal should be informed of the addition to his forces, he was notto know, or to have the slenderest hint of, the sex or identity of theperson in charge during his absence.
it was inevitable that plattville(already gaping to the uttermost) would buzz voluminously over it beforenight, but judge briscoe volunteered to prevent the buzz from reachingrouen.
he undertook to interview whatever citizens should visitharkless, or write to him--when his illness permitted visits andletters--and forewarn them of the incumbent's desires.
to-day, thejudge stayed at home with his daughter, who trilled about the housefor happiness, and, in their place, the "herald" deputation of two hadrepaired to the station to act as a reception committee.
far away the whistle of the express was heard, muffled to sweetness inthe damp, and the drivers, whip in hand, came out upon the platform, andthe loafers issued, also, to stand under the eaves and lean their backsagainst the drier boards, preparing to eye the travellers with languidraillery.
mr. parker, very nervous himself, felt the old man's elbow tremblingagainst his own as the great engine, reeking in the mist, and sendinggreat clouds of white vapor up to the sky, rushed by them, and came to astandstill beyond the platform.
fisbee and the foreman made haste to the nearest vestibule, and weregazing blankly at its barred approaches when they heard a tremulouslaugh behind them and an exclamation.
"upstairs and downstairs and in my lady's chamber!
just behind you,dear."
turning quickly, parker beheld a blushing and smiling little vision,a vision with light-brown hair, a vision enveloped in a light-brownrain-cloak and with brown gloves, from which the handles of a big browntravelling bag were let fall, as the vision disappeared under the cottonumbrella, while the smitten judd bennett reeled gasping against thestation.
"dearest," the girl cried to the old man, "you were looking for mebetween the devil and deep sea--the parlor-car and the smoker.
i'vegiven up cigars, and i've begun to study economy, so i didn't come oneither."
there was but this one passenger for plattville; two enormous trunksthundered out of the baggage car onto the truck, and it was the work ofno more than a minute for judd to hale them to the top of the omnibus(he well wished to wear them next his heart, but their dimensionsforbade the thought), and immediately he cracked his whip and droveoff furiously through the mud to deposit his freight at the briscoes'.
parker, mr. fisbee, and the new editor-in-chief set forth, directlyafter, in one of the waiting cut-unders, the foreman in front with thedriver, and holding the big brown bag on his knees in much the samemanner he would have held an alien, yet respected, infant.
the drizzle and mist blew in under the top of the cut-under as theydrove rapidly into town, and bright little drops sparkled on the fairhair above the new editor's forehead and on the long lashes above thenew editor's cheeks.
she shook these transient gems off lightly, as she paused in the doorwayof the office at the top of the rickety stairway.
mr. schofield had justadded the last touch to his decorations and managed to slide intohis coat as the party came up the stairs, and now, perspiring, proud,embarrassed, he assumed an attitude at once deprecatory of his endeavorsand pointedly expectant of commendation for the results.
(he was amodest youth and a conscious; after his first sight of her, as she stoodin the doorway, it was several days before he could lift his distressedeyes under her glance, or, indeed, dare to avail himself of more thana hasty and fluttering stare at her when her back was turned.)
as sheentered the room, he sidled along the wall and laughed sheepishly atnothing.
every chair in the room was ornamented with one of his blue rosettes,tied carefully (and firmly) to the middle slat of each chair-back.
therehad been several yards of ribbon left over, and there was a hard knotof glossy satin on each of the ink-stands and on the door-knobs; ablue band, passing around the stovepipe, imparted an antique rakishnesssuggestive of the charioteer; and a number of streamers, suspended froma hook in the ceiling, encouraged a supposition that the employeesof the "herald" contemplated the intricate festivities of may day.
itneeded no genius to infer that these garnitures had not embellished theeditorial chamber during mr. harkless's activity, but, on the contrary,had been put in place that very morning.
mr. fisbee had not known ofthe decorations, and, as his glance fell upon them, a faint look of painpassed over his brow; but the girl examined the room with a dancing eye,and there were both tears and laughter in her heart.
she crossed the room andgave her hand to ross.
"it is mr. schofield, isn't it?
the ribbons aredelightful.
i didn't know mr. harkless's room was so pretty."
ross looked out of the window and laughed as he took her hand (which heshook with a long up and down motion), but he was set at better easeby her apparent unrecognition of the fact that the decorations were forher.
"oh, it ain't much, i reckon," he replied, and continued to lookout of the window and laugh.
she went to the desk and removed her gloves and laid her rain-coat overa chair near by.
"is this mr. harkless's chair?"
she asked, and, fisbeeanswering that it was, she looked gravely at it for a moment, passed herhand gently over the back of it, and then, throwing the rain-cloak overanother chair, said cheerily:"do you know, i think the first thing for us to do will be to dusteverything very carefully."
"you remember i was confident she would know precisely where to begin?"
was fisbee's earnest whisper in the willing ear of the long foreman.
"not an instant's indecision, was there?"
replied the other; and, as he went down to the press-roomto hunt for a feather-duster which he thought might be found there,he collared bud tipworthy, who, not admitted to the conclave of hissuperiors, was whistling on the rainy stairway.
"you hustle and findthat dust brush we used to have.
bud," said parker.
and presently, asthey rummaged in the nooks and crannies about the machinery, he meltedto his small assistant.
"the paper is saved, buddie--saved by an angelin light brown.
you can tell it by the look of her."
mr. schofield had come, blushing, to join them.
"say, cale, did younotice the color of her eyes?"
"yes; they're gray."
"i thought so, too, show day, and at kedge halloway's lecture; but, say,cale, they're kind of changeable.
when she come in upstairs with you andfisbee, they were jest as blue!--near matched the color of our ribbons."
repeated mr. tipworthy.
when the editorial chamber had been made so beat that it almostglowed--though it could never be expected to shine as did fisbee andcaleb parker and ross schofield that morning--the editor took her seatat the desk and looked over the few items the gentlemen had alreadycompiled for her perusal.
mr. parker explained many technicalitiespeculiar to the carlow "herald," translated some phrases of theprinting-room, and enabled her to grasp the amount of matter needed tofill the morrow's issue.
when parker finished, the three incompetents sat watching the littlefigure with the expression of hopeful and trusting terriers.
she knither brow for a second--but she did not betray an instant's indecision.
"i think we should have regular market reports," she announced,thoughtfully.
"i am sure mr. harkless would approve.
don't you think hewould?"
she turned to parker.
mr. fisbee exclaimed.
"i should never have thought ofmarket reports, nor, do i imagine, would either of my--my associates.
awoman to conceive the idea of market reports!"
the editor blushed.
"why, who would, dear, if not a woman, or aspeculator, and i'm not a speculator; and neither are you, and that'sthe reason you didn't think of them.
so, mr. parker, as there is so muchpressure, and if you don't mind continuing to act as reporter as well ascompositor until after to-morrow, and if it isn't too wet--you must takean umbrella--would it be too much bother if you went around to all theshops--_stores_, i mean--to all the grocers', and the butchers', andthat leather place we passed, the tannery?--and if there's one of thoseplaces where they bring cows, would it be too much to ask you tostop there?--and at the flour-mill, if it isn't too far?--and at thedry-goods store?
and you must take a blank-book and sharpened pencil,and will you price everything, please, and jot down how much thingsare?"
orders received, the impetuous parker was departing on the instant, whenshe stopped him with a little cry: "but you haven't any umbrella!"
and she forced her own, a slender wand, upon him; it bore a cunninglywrought handle and its fabric was of glistening silk.
the foreman,unable to decline it, thanked her awkwardly, and, as she turned tospeak to fisbee, bolted out of the door and ran down the steps withoutunfolding the umbrella; and as he made for mr. martin's emporium, hebuttoned it securely under his long "prince albert," determined thatnot a drop of water should touch and ruin so delicate a thing.
thus hecarried it, triumphantly dry, through the course of his reportings ofthat day.
when he had gone the editor laid her hand on fisbee's arm.
"dear," shesaid, "do you think you would take cold if you went over to thehotel and made a note of all the arrivals for the last week--and thedepartures, too?
i noticed that mr. harkless always filled two orthree--sticks, isn't it?--with them and things about them, and somehowit 'read' very nicely.
you must ask the landlord all about them; and, ifthere aren't any, we can take up the same amount of space lamentingthe dull times, just as he used to.
you see i've read the 'herald'faithfully; isn't it a good thing i always subscribed for it?"
shepatted fisbee's cheek, and laughed gaily into his mild, vague old eyes.
"it won't be this scramble to 'fill up' much longer.
i have plans,gentlemen," she cried, "and before long we will print news.
and we mustbuy 'plate matter' instead of 'patent insides'; and i had a talk withthe associated press people in rouen--but that's for afterwhile.
and iwent to the hospital this morning before i left.
they wouldn't let mesee him again, but they told me all about him, and he's better; and igot tom to go to the jail--he was so mystified, he doesn't know what iwanted it for--and he saw some of those beasts, and i can do a column ofdescription besides an editorial about them, and i will be fierce enoughto suit carlow, you may believe that.
and i've been talking to senatorburns--that is, listening to senator burns, which is much stupider--andi think i can do an article on national politics.
i'm not very well upon local issues yet, but i--" she broke off suddenly.
i think wecan get out to-morrow's number without any trouble.
by the time you getback from the hotel, father, i'll have half my stuff written--'writtenup,' i mean.
take your big umbrella and go, dear, and please ask at theexpress office if my typewriter has come."
she laughed again with sheer delight, like a child, and ran to thecorner and got the cotton umbrella and placed it in the old man's hand.
as he reached the door, she called after him: "wait!"
and went to himand knelt before him, and, with the humblest, proudest grace in theworld, turned up his trousers to keep them from the mud.
ross schofieldhad never considered mr. fisbee a particularly sacred sort of person,but he did from that moment.
the old man made some timid protest, at hisdaughter's action, but she answered; "the great ladies used to bucklethe chevalier bayard's spurs for him, and you're a great deal nicer thanthe chev----_you haven't any rubbers_!
i don't believe _any_ of you haveany rubbers!"
and not until both fisbee and mr. schofield had promisedto purchase overshoes at once, and in the meantime not to step in anypuddles, would she let her father depart upon his errand.
he crossedthe square with the strangest, jauntiest step ever seen in plattville.
solomon tibbs had a warm argument with miss selina as to his identity.
miss selina maintaining that the figure under the big umbrella--onlythe legs and coat-tails were visible to them--was that of a stranger,probably an englishman.
in the "herald" office the editor turned, smiling, to the paper'sremaining vassal.
"mr. schofield, i heard some talk in rouen of an oilcompany that had been formed to prospect for kerosene in carlow county.
do you know anything about it?"
ross, surfeited with honor, terror, and possessed by a sweet distressat finding himself tete-a-tete with the lady, looked at the wall andreplied:"oh, it's that eph watts's foolishness."
"do you know if they have begun to dig for it yet?"
"have they begun the diggings yet?"
"no, ma'am; i think not.
they've got a contrapshun fixed up about threemile south.
i don't reckon they've begun yet, hardly; they're gittin'the machinery in place.
i heard eph say they'd begin to bore--_dig_, imean, ma'am, i meant to say dig----" he stopped, utterly confusedand unhappy; and she understood his manly purpose, and knew him for agentleman whom she liked.
"you mustn't be too much surprised," she said; "but in spite of myignorance about such things, i mean to devote a good deal of space tothe oil company; it may come to be of great importance to carlow.
wewon't go into it in to-morrow's paper, beyond an item or so; but do youthink you could possibly find mr. watts and ask him for some informationas to their progress, and if it would be too much trouble for him tocall here some time to-morrow afternoon, or the day after?
i want him togive me an interview if he will.
tell him, please, he will very greatlyoblige us."
"oh, he'll come all right," answered her companion, quickly.
"i'lltake tibbs's buggy and go down there right off.
eph won't lose no timegittin' _here_!"
and with this encouraging assurance he was flyingforth, when he, like the others, was detained by her solicitous care.
she was a born mother.
he protested that in the buggy he would beperfectly sheltered; besides, there wasn't another umbrella about theplace; he _liked_ to get wet, anyway; had always loved rain.
the endof it was that he went away in a sort of tremor, wearing her rain-cloakover his shoulders, which garment, as it covered its owner completelywhen she wore it, hung almost to his knees.
he darted around a corner;and there, breathing deeply, tenderly removed it; then, borrowing paperand cord at a neighboring store, wrapped it neatly, and stole back tothe printing-office on the ground floor of the "herald" building, andleft the package in charge of bud tipworthy, mysteriously charging himto care for it as for his own life, and not to open it, but if the ladyso much as set one foot out of doors before his return, to hand it toher with the message: "he borrowed another off j.
left alone, the lady went to the desk and stood for a time lookinggravely at harkless's chair.
she touched it gently, as she had touchedit once before that morning, and then she spoke to it as if he weresitting there, and as she would not have spoken, had he been sittingthere.
"you didn't want gratitude, did you?"
she whispered, with sad lips.
soon she smiled at the blue ribbons, patted the chair gaily on the back,and, seizing upon pencil and pad, dashed into her work with rare energy.
she bent low over the desk, her pencil moving rapidly, and, except fora momentary interruption from mr. tipworthy, she seemed not to pause forbreath; certainly her pencil did not.
she had covered many sheets whenher father returned; and, as he came in softly, not to disturb her, shewas so deeply engrossed she did not hear him; nor did she look up whenparker entered, but pursued the formulation of her fast-flying ideaswith the same single purpose and abandon; so the two men sat and waitedwhile their chieftainess wrote absorbedly.
at last she glanced up andmade a little startled exclamation at seeing them there, and then gavethem cheery greeting.
each placed several scribbled sheets beforeher, and she, having first assured herself that fisbee had bought hisovershoes, and having expressed a fear that mr. parker had found herumbrella too small, as he looked damp (and indeed he _was_ damp), criedpraises on their notes and offered the reporters great applause.
"it is all so splendid!"
"how could you do it so quickly?
andin the rain, too!
this is exactly what we need.
i've done most ofthe things i mentioned, i think, and made a draught of some plans forhereafter.
and about that man's coming out for congress, i must tell youit is my greatest hope that he will.
we can let it go until he does, andthen----but doesn't it seem to you that it would be a good notion forthe 'herald' to have a woman's page--'for feminine readers,' or, 'ofinterest to women'--once a week?"
"a woman's page!"
"i could never have thought of that,could you, mr.
"and now," she continued, "i think that when i've gone over what i'vewritten and beat it into better shape i shall be ready for something toeat.
isn't it almost time for luncheon?"
this simple, and surely natural, inquiry had a singular, devastatingeffect upon her hearers.
they looked upon each other with fallen jawsand complete stupefaction.
the old man began to grow pale, and parkerglared about him with a wild eye.
fortunately, the editor was too busyat her work to notice their agitation; she applied herself to makingalterations here and there, sometimes frowningly crossing out wholelines and even paragraphs, sometimes smiling and beaming at the writing;and, as she bent earnestly over the paper, against the darkness of therainy day, the glamour about her fair hair was like a light in theroom.
to the minds of her two companions, this lustre was a gentle butunbearable accusation; and each dreaded the moment when her workshould be finished, with a great dread.
there was a small "store-room"adjoining the office, and presently mr. parker, sweating at the brow,walked in there.
the old man gave him a look of despairing reproach, butin a moment the foreman's voice was heard: "oh, mr. fisbee, can you stephere a second?"
was fisbee's reply; and he fled guiltily into the"store-room," and parker closed the door.
they stood knee-deep in theclutter and lumber, facing each other abjectly.
"well, we're both done, anyway, mr. fisbee," remarked the foreman.
"indubitably, mr. parker," the old man answered; "it is too true."
"never to think a blame thing about dinner for her!"
"and her a lady that can turn off copy like a rotarysnowplough in a dakota blizzard!
did you see the sheets she's piled upon that desk?"
"there is no cafe--nothing--in plattville, that could prepare foodworthy of her," groaned fisbee.
"and we never thought of it.
never made a single arrangement.
neverstruck us she didn't live on keeping us dry and being good, i guess."
"how can i go there and tell her that?"
"she cannot go to the hotel----""well, i guess not!
it ain't fit for her.
lum's table is hard enoughon a strong man.
landis doesn't know a good cake from a fiji missionarypudding.
i don't expect pie is much her style, and, besides, the palacehotel pies--well!--the boss was a mighty uncomplaining man, but iused to notice his articles on field drainage got kind of sour andlow-spirited when they'd been having more than the regular allowance ofpie for dinner.
she can't go there anyway; it's no use; it's after twoo'clock, and the dining-room shuts off at one.
i wonder what kind ofcake she likes best."
"i don't know," said the perplexed fisbee.
"if we ask her--""if we could sort of get it out of her diplomatically, we couldtelegraph to rouen for a good one."
said the other, brightening up.
"you try it, mr. parker.
i fear ihave not much skill in diplomacy, but if you----"the compositor's mouth drooped at the corners, and he interruptedgloomily: "but it wouldn't get here till to-morrow."
"true; it would not."
they fell into a despondent reverie, with their chins in their bosoms.
there came a cheerful voice from the next room, but to them it broughtno cheer; in their ears it sounded weak from the need of food and faintwith piteous reproach.
"father, aren't you coming to have luncheon with me?"
"mr. parker, what are we to do?"
whispered the old man, hoarsely.
"is it too far to take her to briscoes'?"
"in the rain?"
"take her with you to tibbs's."
"their noon meal is long since over; and their larder is not--isnot--extensive."
called the girl.
she was stirring; they could hear her movingabout the room.
"you've got to go in and tell her," said the foreman, desperately, andtogether they stumbled into the room.
a small table at one end of it waslaid with a snowy cloth and there was a fragrance of tea, and, amidstvarious dainties, one caught a glimpse of cold chicken and lettuceleaves.
fisbee stopped, dumfounded, but the foreman, after stammeringlydeclining an invitation to partake, alleging that his own meal awaited,sped down to the printing-room, and seized upon bud tipworthy with aheavy hand.
"where did all that come from, up there?"
"leave go me!
_what_ 'all that'?"
"all that tea and chicken and salad and wafers--all kinds of things;sardines, for all i know!"
"they come in briscoes' buckboard while you was gone.
briscoes sent 'emin a basket; i took 'em up and she set the basket under the table.
you'dseen it if you'd 'a' looked.
and it was unjust to cuff theperfectly innocent and mystified bud, and worse not to tell him what thepunishment was for.
before the day was over, system had been introduced, and the "herald"was running on it: and all that warm, rainy afternoon, the editor andfisbee worked in the editorial rooms, parker and bud and mr. schofield(after his return with the items and a courteous message from ephraimwatts) bent over the forms downstairs, and uncle xenophon was cleaningthe store-room and scrubbing the floor.
an extraordinary number of errands took the various members of theprinting force up to see the editor-in-chief, literally to see theeditor-in-chief; it was hard to believe that the presence had notflown--hard to keep believing, without the repeated testimony of sight,that the dingy room upstairs was actually the setting for their jewel;and a jewel they swore she was.
the printers came down chuckling andgurgling after each interview; it was partly the thought that shebelonged to the "herald," _their_ paper.
once ross, as he cut down oneof the temporarily distended advertisements, looked up and caught theforeman giggling to himself.
"what in the name of common-sense you laughin' at, cale?"
"what are _you_ laughing at?"
rejoined the other.
the day wore on, wet and dreary outside, but all within the "herald's"bosom was snug and busy and murmurous with the healthy thrum of lifeand prosperity renewed.
toward six o'clock, system accomplished, the newguiding-spirit was deliberating on a policy as harkless would conceivea policy, were he there, when minnie briscoe ran joyously up the stairs,plunged into the room, waterproofed and radiant, and caught her friendin her eager arms, and put an end to policy for that day.
but policy and labor did not end at twilight every day; there wereevenings, as in the time of harkless, when lamps shone from the upperwindows of the "herald" building.
for the little editor worked hard,and sometimes she worked late; she always worked early.
she made somemistakes at first, and one or two blunders which she took more seriouslythan any one else did.
but she found a remedy for all such results ofher inexperience, and she developed experience.
she set at her task withthe energy of her youthfulness and no limit to her ambition, and shefelt that harkless had prepared the way for a wide expansion of thepaper's interests; wider than he knew.
she had a belief that there werepossibilities for a country newspaper, and she brought a fresh point ofview to operate in a situation where harkless had fallen, perhaps, toomuch in the rut; and she watched every chance with a keen eye and lookedahead of her with clear foresight.
what she waited and yearned for anddreaded, was the time when a copy of the new "herald" should be placedin the trembling hands of the man who lay in the rouen hospital.
then,she felt, if he, unaware of her identity, should place everything in herhands unreservedly, that would be a tribute to her work--and how hardshe would labor to deserve it!
after a time, she began to realize that,as his representative and the editor of the "herald," she had becomea factor in district politics.
it took her breath--but with a gasp ofdelight, for there was something she wanted to do.
above all, she brought a light heart to her work.
one evening in thelatter part of that first week of the new regime, parker perceived budtipworthy standing in the doorway of the printing-room, beckoning himsilently to come without.
"what's the matter, buddie?"
she's singin' over her work."
parker stepped outside.
on the pavement, people had stopped to listen;they stood in the shadow, looking up with parted lips at the open,lighted windows, whence came a clear, soft, reaching voice, lifted insong; now it swelled louder, unconsciously; now its volume was moreslender and it melted liquidly into the night; again, it trembled androse and dwelt in the ear, strong and pure; and, hearing it, you sighedwith unknown longings.
it was the "angels' serenade."
bud tipworthy's sister, cynthia, was with him, and parker saw that sheturned from the window and that she was crying, quietly; she put herhand on the boy's shoulder and patted it with a forlorn gesture which,to the foreman's eye, was as graceful as it was sad.
he moved closer tobud and his big hand fell on cynthia's brother's other shoulder, as herealized that red hair could look pretty sometimes; and he wondered whythe editor's singing made cynthy cry; and at the same time he decidedto be mighty good to bud henceforth.
the spell of night and song wason him; that and something more; for it is a strange, inexplicablefact that the most practical chief ever known to the "herald" had asingularly sentimental influence over her subordinates, from the momentof her arrival.
under harkless's domination there had been no moresteadfast bachelors in carlow than ross schofield and caleb parker, and,like timorous youths in a graveyard, daring and mocking the ghosts inorder to assuage their own fears, they had so jibed and jeered at themarried state that there was talk of urging the minister to preach atthem; but now let it be recorded that at the moment caleb laid his handon bud's other shoulder, his associate, mr. schofield, was enjoying awalk in the far end of town with a widow, and it is not to be doubtedthat mr. tipworthy's heart, also, was no longer in his possession,though, as it was after eight o'clock, the damsel of his desire hadprobably long since retired to her couch.
for some faint light on the cause of these spells, we must turn to acomment made by the invaluable mr. martin some time afterward.
referringto the lady to whose voice he was now listening in silence (which showshow great the enthralling of her voice was), he said: "when you saw her,or heard her, or managed to be around, any, where she was, why, ifyou couldn't git up no hope of marryin' _her_, you wanted to marry_somebody_."
mr. lige willetts, riding idly by, drew rein in front of the lightedwindows, and listened with the others.
presently he leaned from hishorse and whispered to a man near him:"i know that song."
whispered the other.
"yes; he and i heard her sing it, the night he was shot."
it's by beethoven."
"it's a seraphic song," continued lige.
exclaimed his friend; then, shaking his head, he sighed: "well,it's mighty sweet."
the song was suddenly woven into laughter in the unseen chamber, and thelights in the windows went out, and a small lady and a tall lady anda thin old man, all three laughing and talking happily, came down anddrove off in the briscoe buckboard.
the little crowd dispersed quietly;lige willetts plucked to his horse and cantered away to overtake thebuckboard; william todd took his courage between his teeth, and, thesong ringing in his ears, made a desperate resolve to call upon missbardlock that evening, in spite of its being a week day, and calebparker gently and stammeringly asked cynthia if she would wait till heshut up the shop, and let him walk home with her and bud.
soon the square was quiet as before, and there was naught but peaceunder the big stars of july.
that day the news had come that harkless, after weeks of alternateimprovement and relapse, hazardously lingering in the borderland ofshadows, had passed the crucial point and was convalescent.
his recoverywas assured.
but from their first word of him, from the message that hewas found and was alive, none of the people of carlow had really doubtedit.
they are simple country people, and they know that god is good.
two men who have been comrades and classmates at the alma mater of johnharkless and tom meredith; two who have belonged to the same dub androomed in the same entry; who have pooled their clothes and money ina common stock for either to draw on; who have shared the fortunesof athletic war, triumphing together, sometimes with an intensetriumphancy; two men who were once boys getting hazed together, hazingin no unkindly fashion in their turn, always helping each other to stuffbrains the night before an examination and to blow away the suffocatingstatistics like foam the night after; singing, wrestling, dancing,laughing, succeeding together, through the four kindest years of life;two such brave companions, meeting in the after years, are touchinglytender and caressive of each other, but the tenderness takes the shy,united states form of insulting epithets, and the caresses are blows.
ifjohn harkless had been in health, uninjured and prosperous, tom meredithcould no more have thrown himself on his knees beside him and called him"old friend" than he could have danced on the slack-wire.
one day they thought the patient sleeping; the nurse fanned him softly,and meredith had stolen in and was sitting by the cot.
one of harkless'seyes had been freed of the bandage, and, when tom came in, it wasclosed; but, by and by, meredith became aware that the unbandaged eyehad opened and that it was suffused with a pathetic moisture; yet ittwinkled with a comprehending light, and john knew that it was his oldtom meredith who was sitting beside him, with the air of having satthere very often before.
but this bald, middle-aged young man, notwithout elegance, yet a prosperous burgher for all that--was _this_ theslim, rollicking broth of a boy whose thick auburn hair used to make onestreak of flame as he spun around the bases on a home run?
without doubtit was the stupendous fact, wrought by the alchemy of seven years.
for, though seven years be a mere breath in the memories of the old, itis a long transfiguration to him whose first youth is passing, and whofinds unsolicited additions accruing to some parts of his being andstrange deprivations in others, and upon whom the unhappy realizationbegins to be borne in, that his is no particular case, and that heof all the world is not to be spared, but, like his forbears, mustinevitably wriggle in the disguising crucible of time.
and, though menaccept it with apparently patient humor, the first realization thatpeople do grow old, and that they do it before they have had time to beyoung, is apt to come like a shock.
perhaps not even in the interminable months of carlow had harklessrealized the length of seven years so keenly as he did when he beheldhis old friend at his bedside.
how men may be warped apart in sevenyears, especially in the seven years between twenty-three and thirty!
atthe latter age you may return to the inseparable of seven years beforeand speak not the same language; you find no heartiness to carry on witheach other after half an hour.
not so these classmates, who had knowneach other to the bone.
ah, yes, it was tom meredith, the same lad, in spite of his masqueradeof flesh; and helen was right: tom had not forgotten.
"it's the old horse-thief!"
john murmured, tremulously.
"you go plumb to thunder," answered meredith between gulps.
when he was well enough, they had long talks; and at other timesharkless lay by the window, and breathed deep of the fresh air, whilemeredith attended to his correspondence for him, and read the papersto him.
but there was one phenomenon of literature the convalescentinsisted upon observing for himself, and which he went over again andagain, to the detriment of his single unswathed eye, and this was thecarlow "herald."
the first letter he had read to him was one from fisbee stating that thecrippled forces left in charge had found themselves almost distraught intheir efforts to carry on the paper (as their chief might conclude forhimself on perusal of the issues of the first fortnight of his absence),and they had made bold to avail themselves of the services of a youngrelative of the writer's from a distant city--a capable journalist,who had no other employment for the present, and who had accepted theresponsibilities of the "herald" temporarily.
there followed a note fromparker, announcing that mr. fisbee's relative was a bird, and was thekind to make the "herald" hum.
they hoped mr. harkless would approveof their bespeaking the new hand on the sheet; the paper must havesuspended otherwise.
harkless, almost overcome by his surprise thatfisbee possessed a relative, dictated a hearty and grateful indorsementof their action, and, soon after, received a typewritten rejoinder,somewhat complicated in the reading, because of the numerous typeerrors and their corrections.
the missive was signed "h. fisbee," ina strapping masculine hand that suggested six feet of enterprise andmuscle spattering ink on its shirt sleeves.
john groaned and fretted over the writhings of the "herald's" headlessfortnight, but, perusing the issues produced under the domination of h.fisbee, he started now and then, and chuckled at some shrewd felicitiesof management, or stared, puzzled, over an oddity, but came to a feelingof vast relief; and, when the question of h. fisbee's salary was settledand the tenancy assured, he sank into a repose of mind.
h. fisbee mightbe an eccentric fellow, but he knew his business, and, apparently,he knew something of other business as well, for he wrote at lengthconcerning the carlow oil fields, urging harkless to take shares in mr.watts's company while the stock was very low, two wells having beensunk without satisfactory results.
h. fisbee explained with exceedingtechnicality his reasons for believing that the third well would strikeoil.
but with his ease of mind regarding the "herald," harkless found himselfpossessed by apathy.
he fretted no longer to get back to plattville.
with the prospect of return it seemed an emptiness glared at him fromhollow sockets, and the thought of the dreary routine he must followwhen he went back gave him the same faint nausea he had felt the eveningafter the circus.
and, though it was partly the long sweat of anguishwhich had benumbed him, his apathy was pierced, at times, by a bodilyhorror of the scene of his struggle.
at night he faced the grotesquemasks of the cross-roads men and the brutal odds again; over and overhe felt the blows, and clapped his hand to where the close fire of bobskillett's pistol burned his body.
and, except for the release from pain, he rejoiced less and less inhis recovery.
he remembered a tedious sickness of his childhood andhow beautiful he had thought the world, when he began to get well, howelectric the open air blowing in at the window, how green the smile ofearth, and how glorious to live and see the open day again.
he had noneof that feeling now.
no pretty vision came again near his bed, and hebeheld his convalescence as a mistake.
he had come to a jumping-offplace in his life--why had they not let him jump?
what was there leftbut the weary plod, plod, and dust of years?
he could have gone back to carlow in better spirit if it had not beenfor the few dazzling hours of companionship which had transformed it toa paradise, but, gone, left a desert.
she, by the sight of her, had madehim wish to live, and now, that he saw her no more, she made him wishto die.
how little she had cared for him, since she told him she didnot care, when he had not meant to ask her.
he was weary, and at last helonged to find the line of least resistance and follow it; he had donehard things for a long time, but now he wanted to do something easy.
under the new genius--who was already urging that the paper shouldbe made a daily--the "herald" could get along without him; and the"white-caps" would bother carlow no longer; and he thought that kedgehalloway, an honest man, if a dull one, was sure to be renominated forcongress at the district convention which was to meet at plattville inseptember--these were his responsibilities, and they did not fret him.
everything was all right.
there was only one thought which thrilled him:his impression that she had come to the hospital to see him was not adelusion; she had really been there--as a humane, christian person,he said to himself.
one day he told meredith of his vision, and tomexplained that it was no conjuration of fever.
"but i thought she'd gone abroad," said harkless, staring.
"they had planned to," answered his friend.
"they gave it up for somereason.
uncle henry decided that he wasn't strong enough for the trip,or something."
"then--is she--is she here?"
"no; helen is never here in summer.
when she came back from plattville,she went north, somewhere, to join people she had promised, i think."
meredith had as yet no inkling or suspicion that his adopted cousin hadreturned to plattville.
what he told harkless was what his aunt had toldhim, and he accepted it as the truth.
mrs. sherwood (for she was both mr. and mrs. sherwood) had alwaysconsidered fisbee an enigmatic rascal, and she regarded helen'sdefection to him in the light of a family scandal to be hushed up, aswell as a scalding pain to be borne.
some day the unkind girl-errantwould "return to her wisdom and her duty"; meanwhile, the less knownabout it the better.
meredith talked very little to harkless of his cousin, beyond lightlycommenting on the pleasure and oddity of their meeting, and tellinghim of her friendly anxiety about his recovery; he said she had perfectconfidence from the first that he would recover.
harkless had said aword or two in his delirium and a word or two out of it, and these,with once a sudden brow of suffering, and a difference meredith felt inhelen's manner when they stood together by the sick man's bedside, hadgiven the young man a strong impression, partly intuitive, that in spiteof the short time the two had known each other, something had happenedbetween them at plattville, and he ventured a guess which was not farfrom the truth.
altogether, the thing was fairly plain--a sad loveris not so hard to read--and meredith was sorry, for they were the twopeople he liked best on earth.
the young man carried his gay presence daily to the hospital, whereharkless now lay in a pleasant room of his own, and he tried to keephis friend cheery, which was an easy matter on the surface, for thejournalist turned ever a mask of jokes upon him; but it was not hardfor one who liked him as meredith did to see through to the melancholyunderneath.
after his one reference to helen, john was entirely silentof her, and meredith came to feel that both would be embarrassed ifoccasion should rise and even her name again be mentioned between them.
he did not speak of his family connection with mr. fisbee to theinvalid, for, although the connection was distant, the old man was, in away, the family skeleton, and meredith had a strong sense of the decencyof reserve in such a matter.
there was one thing fisbee's shame had madethe old man unable not to suppress when he told parker his story; thewraith of a torrid palate had pursued him from his youth, and the daysof drink and despair from which harkless had saved him were not thefirst in his life.
meredith wondered as much as did harkless wherefisbee had picked up the journalistic "young relative" who signed hisextremely business-like missives in such a thundering hand.
it wasevident that the old man was grateful to his patron, but it did notoccur to meredith that fisbee's daughter might have an even strongersense of gratitude, one so strong that she could give all her youngstrength to work for the man who had been good to her father.
there came a day in august when meredith took the convalescent from thehospital in a victoria, and installed him in his own home.
harkless'sclothes hung on his big frame limply; however, there was a drift oflight in his eyes as they drove slowly through the pretty streets ofrouen.
the bandages and splints and drugs and swathings were all gonenow, and his sole task was to gather strength.
the thin face was sallowno longer; it was the color of evening shadows; indeed he lay among thecushions seemingly no more than a gaunt shadow of the late afternoon,looking old and gray and weary.
they rolled along abusing each other,john sometimes gratefully threatening his friend with violence.
the victoria passed a stone house with wide lawns and an inhospitableair of wealth and importunate rank; over the sward two peacocks swung,ambulating like caravals in a green sea; and one expected a fine lady tocome smiling and glittering from the door.
oddly enough, though hehad never seen the place before, it struck harkless with a sense offamiliarity.
"who lives there?"
he asked abruptly.
"who lives there?
on the left?
why that--that is the sherwood place,"meredith answered, in a tone which sounded as if he were not quite sureof it, but inclined to think his information correct.
harkless relapsedinto silence.
meredith's home was a few blocks further up the same street; a capacioushouse in the western fashion of the seventies.
in front, on the lawn,there was a fountain with a leaping play of water; maples and shrubberywere everywhere; and here and there stood a stiff sentinel of lombardypoplar.
it was all cool and incongruous and comfortable; and, on theporch, sheltered from publicity by a multitude of palms and floweringplants, a white-jacketed negro appeared with a noble smile and a moreimportant tray, whereon tinkled bedewed glasses and a crystal pitcher,against whose sides the ice clinked sweetly.
there was a complement ofstraws.
when they had helped him to an easy chair on the porch, harklesswhistled luxuriously.
"ah, my bachelor!"
he exclaimed, as he selected astraw.
"'who would fardels bear?'"
rejoined mr. meredith.
then came to theother a recollection of an auburn-haired ball player on whom the thirdstrike had once been called while his eyes wandered tenderly to thegrandstand, where the prettiest girl of that commencement week wassitting.
"have you forgot the 'indian princess'?"
"you're a dull old person," tom laughed.
"haven't you discovered that'tis they who forget us?
and why shouldn't they?
do _we_ rememberwell?--anybody except just us two, i mean, of course."
"i've a notion we do, sometimes."
the other set his glass on the tray, and lit his cigarette.
"yes; whenwe're unsuccessful.
then i think we do."
"that may be true."
"of course it is.
if a lady wishes to make an impression on me that isworth making, let her let me make none on her."
"you think it is always our vanity?"
"analyze it as your revered thomas does and you shall reach the sameconclusion.
let a girl reject you and--" meredith broke off, cursinghimself inwardly, and, rising, cried gaily: "what profiteth it a manif he gain the whole wisdom in regard to women and loseth not his ownheart?
and neither of us is lacking a heart--though it may be; one can'ttell, one's self; one has to find out about that from some girl.
atleast, i'm rather sure of mine; it's difficult to give a tobacco-heartaway; it's drugged on the market.
i'm going to bring out the dogs; i'mspending the summer at home just to give them daily exercise."
this explanation of his continued presence in rouen struck john asquite as plausible as meredith's more seriously alleged reasons for notjoining his mother and sister, at winter harbor.
(he possessed a mother,and, as he explained, he had also sisters to satiety, in point ofnumbers.)
harkless knew that tom had stayed to look after him; and hethought there never was so poor a peg as himself whereon to hangthe warm mantle of such a friendship.
he knew that other mantles ofaffection and kindliness hung on that self-same peg, for he had beenmoved by the letters and visits from carlow people, and he had heardthe story of their descent upon the hospital, and of the march on thecross-roads.
many a good fellow, too, had come to see him during hisbetter days--from judge briscoe, openly tender and solicitous, to theembarrassed william todd, who fiddled at his hat and explained that,being as he was in town on business (a palpable fiction) he thought he'dlook in to see if "they was any word would wish to be sent down to ourcity."
the good will the sick man had from every one touched him, andmade him feel unworthy, and he could see nothing he had done to deserveit.
mr. meredith could (and would not--openly, at least) have explainedto him that it made not a great deal of difference what he did; it waswhat people thought he was.
his host helped him upstairs after dinner, and showed him the roomprepared for his occupancy.
harkless sank, sighing with weakness, into adeep chair, and meredith went to a window-seat and stretched himself outfor a smoke and chat.
"doesn't it beat your time," he said, cheerily, "to think of what'sbecome of all the old boys?
they turn up so differently from what weexpected, when they turn up at all.
we sized them up all right so faras character goes, i fancy, but we couldn't size up the chances oflife.
take poor old pickle haines: who'd have dreamed pickle would shoothimself over a bankruptcy?
i dare say that wasn't all of it--might havebeen cherchez la femme, don't you think?
what do you make of pickle'scase, john?"
there was no answer.
harkless's chair was directly in front of themantel-piece, and upon the carved wooden shelf, amongst tobacco-jarsand little curios, cotillion favors and the like, there were scattereda number of photographs.
one of these was that of a girl who lookedstraight out at you from a filigree frame; there was hardly a cornerof the room where you could have stood without her clear, serious eyesseeming to rest upon yours.
"cherchez la femme?"
repeated tom, puffing unconsciously.
"pickle wasa good fellow, but he had the deuce of an eye for a girl.
do youremember--" he stopped short, and saw the man and the photograph lookingat each other.
too late, he unhappily remembered that he had meant, andforgotten, to take that photograph out of the room before he broughtharkless in.
now he would have to leave it; and helen sherwood was notthe sort of girl, even in a flat presentment, to be continually thrownin the face of a man who had lost her.
and it always went hard, tomreflected, with men who stretched vain hands to helen, only to lose her.
but there was one, he thought, whose outstretched hands might not proveso vain.
why couldn't she have cared for john harkless?
deuce takethe girl, did she want to marry an emperor?
he looked at harkless, andpitied him with an almost tearful compassion.
a feverish color dwelt inthe convalescent's cheek; the apathy that had dulled his eyes was thereno longer; instead, they burned with a steady fire.
the image returnedhis unwavering gaze with inscrutable kindness.
"you heard that pickle shot himself, didn't you?"
therewas no answer; john did not hear him.
"do you know that poor jeny haines killed himself, last march?"
there was only silence in the room.
meredith got up and rattled sometongs in the empty fireplace, but the other did not move or notice himin any way.
meredith set the tongs down, and went quietly out of the room, leavinghis friend to that mysterious interview.
when he came back, after a remorseful cigarette in the yard, harklesswas still sitting, motionless, looking up at the photograph above themantel-piece.
they drove abroad every day, at first in the victoria, and, asharkless's strength began to come back, in a knock-about cart of tom's,a light trail of blue smoke floating back wherever the two friendspassed.
and though the country editor grew stronger in the pleasant,open city, meredith felt that his apathy and listlessness only deepened,and he suspected that, in harkless's own room, where the photographreigned, the languor departed for the time, making way for a destructivefire.
judge briscoe, paying a second visit to rouen, told tom, in anaside, that their friend did not seem to be the same man.
he was alteredand aged beyond belief, the old gentleman whispered sadly.
meredith decided that his guest needed enlivening--something to take himout of himself; he must be stirred up to rub against people once more.
and therefore, one night he made a little company for him: two or threeapparently betrothed very young couples, for whom it was rather dull,after they had looked their fill of harkless (it appeared that every onewas curious to see him); and three or four married young couples, forwhom the entertainment seemed rather diverting in an absent-minded way(they had the air of remembering that they had forgotten the baby); andthree or four bachelors, who seemed contented in any place where theywere allowed to smoke; and one widower, whose manner indicated that anyoccasion whatever was gay enough for him; and four or five young women,who (meredith explained to john) were of their host's age, and had been"left over" out of the set he grew up with; and for these the modestparty took on a hilarious and chipper character.
"it is these girls thathave let the men go by because they didn't see any good enough; they'rethe jolly souls!"
the one widower remarked, confidentially.
"they'vebeen at it a long while, and they know how, and they're light-hearted asrobins.
they have more fun than people who have responsibilities."
all of these lively demoiselles fluttered about harkless withcommiserative pleasantries, and, in spite of his protestations, madehim recline in the biggest and deepest chair on the porch, where theysurfeited him with kindness and grouped about him with extra cushionsand tenderness for a man who had been injured.
no one mentioned the factthat he had been hurt; it was not spoken of, though they wished mightilyhe would tell them the story they had read luridly in the public prints.
they were very good to him.
one of them, in particular, a handsome,dark, kind-eyed girl, constituted herself at once his cicerone in rouengossip and his waiting-maid.
she sat by him, and saw that his needs (andhis not-needs, too) were supplied and oversupplied; she could not lethim move, and anticipated his least wish, though he was now amply ableto help himself; and she fanned him as if he were a dying consumptive.
they sat on meredith's big porch in the late twilight and ate asubstantial refection, and when this was finished, a buzz of nonsenserose from all quarters, except the remote corners where the youthfulaffianced ones had defensively stationed themselves behind a rampart ofplants.
they, having eaten, had naught to do, and were only waitinga decent hour for departure.
laughing voices passed up and down thestreet, and mingled with the rhythmic plashing of meredith's fountain,and, beyond the shrubberies and fence, one caught glimpses of the lightdresses of women moving to and fro, and of people sitting bareheaded onneighboring lawns to enjoy the twilight.
now and then would pass, withpipe and dog, the beflanneled figure of an undergraduate, home forvacation, or a trio of youths in knickerbockers, or a band of younggirls, or both trio and band together; and from a cross street, near by,came the calls and laughter of romping children and the pulsatingwhirr of a lawn-mower: this sound harkless remarked as a ceaselessaccompaniment to life in rouen; even in the middle of the night therewas always some unfortunate, cutting grass.
when the daylight was all gone, and the stars had crept out, strollingnegroes patrolled the sidewalks, thrumming mandolins and guitars, andothers came and went, singing, making the night venetian.
the untrained,joyous voices, chording eerily in their sweet, racial minors, came onthe air, sometimes from far away.
but there swung out a chorus fromfresh, aryan throats, in the house south of meredith's:        "where, oh where, are the grave old seniors?
safe, now, in the wide, wide world!"
"doesn't that thrill you, boy?"
said meredith, joining the group aboutharkless's chair.
"those fellows are sophomores, class of heaven knowswhat.
_aren't_ you feeling a fossil.
a banjo chattered on the lawn to the north, and soon a mixed chorus ofgirls and boys sang from there:       "o, 'arriet, i'm waiting, waiting alone out 'ere."
then a piano across the street sounded the dearthful harmonies ofchopin's funeral march.
"you may take your choice," remarked meredith, flicking a spark over therail in the ash of his cigar, "chopping or chevalier."
"chopin, my friend," said the lady who had attached herself toharkless.
she tapped tom's shoulder with her fan and smiled, graciouslycorrective.
"thank you, miss hinsdale," he answered, gratefully.
"and as i, perhaps,had better say, since otherwise there might be a pause and i am thehost, we have a wide selection.
in addition to what is provided atpresent, i predict that within the next ten minutes a talented girl wholives two doors south will favor us with the pilgrims' chorus, pianoarrangement, break down in the middle, and drift, into 'rastus onparade,' while a double quartette of middle-aged colored gentlemen underour jim will make choral offering in our own back yard."
"my dear tom," exclaimed miss hinsdale, "you forget wetherford swift!"
"i could stand it all," put forth the widower, "if it were not forwetherford swift."
"when is miss sherwood coming home?"
asked one of the ladies.
"why doesshe stay away and leave him to his sufferings?"
"us to his sufferings," substituted a bachelor.
"he is just beginning;listen."
through all the other sounds of music, there penetrated from an unseensource, a sawish, scraped, vibration of catgut, pathetic, insistent,painstaking, and painful beyond belief.
"he is in a terrible way to-night," said the widower.
miss hinsdale laughed.
"worse every night.
the violinist is youngwetherford swift," she explained to harkless.
"he is very much in love,and it doesn't agree with him.
he used to be such a pleasant boy,but last winter he went quite mad over helen sherwood, mr. meredith'scousin, our beauty, you know--i am so sorry she isn't here; you'd beinterested in meeting her, i'm sure--and he took up the violin."
"it is said that his family took up chloroform at the same time," saidthe widower.
"his music is a barometer," continued the lady, "and by it theneighborhood nightly observes whether miss sherwood has been nice to himor not."
"it is always exceedingly plaintive," explained another.
"except once," rejoined miss hinsdale.
"he played jigs when she camehome from somewhere or other, in june."
"it was tosti's 'let me die,' the very next evening," remarked thewidower.
"ah," said one of the bachelors, "but his joy was sadder for us than hismisery.
hear him now."
"i think he means it for 'what's this dull town to me,'" observedanother, with some rancor.
"i would willingly make the town sufficientlyexciting for him--""if there were not an ordinance against the hurling of missiles,"finished the widower.
the piano executing the funeral march ceased to execute, discomfited bythe persistent and overpowering violin; the banjo and the coster-songswere given over; even the collegians' music was defeated; and theneighborhood was forced to listen to the dauntless fiddle, but notwithout protest, for there came an indignant, spoken chorus from thequarter whence the college songs had issued: "ya-a-ay!
wetherford, putit away!
_she'll_ come back!"
the violin played on.
"we all know each other here, you see, mr. harkless," miss hinsdalesmiled benignantly.
"they didn't bother mr. wetherford swift," said the widower.
do you hear him?--'could ye come back to me, douglas'?"
"oh, but it isn't absence that is killing him and his friends," criedone of the young women.
"it is brainard macauley."
"that is a mistake," said tom meredith, as easily as he could.
"theregoes jim's double quartette.
listen, and you will hear them try to----"but the lady who had mentioned brainard macauley cried indignantly: "youtry to change the subject the moment it threatens to be interesting.
they were together everywhere until the day she went away; they dancedand 'sat out' together through the whole of one country-club party;they drove every afternoon; they took long walks, and he was at thesherwoods' every evening of her last week in town.
'that is a mistake!'"
"i'm afraid it looks rather bleak for wetherford," said the widower.
"iwent up to the 'journal' office on business, one day, and there sat misssherwood in macauley's inner temple, chatting with a reporter, whilebrainard finished some work."
"helen is eccentric," said the former speaker, "but she's not quite thateccentric, unless they were engaged.
it is well understood that theywill announce it in the fall."
miss hinsdale kindly explained to harkless that brainard macauley wasthe editor of the "rouen morning journal"--"a very distinguished youngman, not over twenty-eight, and perfectly wonderful."
already a powerto be accounted with in national politics, he was "really a tremendoussuccess," and sure to go far; "one of those delicate-looking men, whoare yet so strong you know they won't let the lightning hurt you."
itreally looked as if helen sherwood (whom harkless really ought to meet)had actually been caught in the toils at tet, those toils wherein somany luckless youths had lain enmeshed for her sake.
he must meet mr.macauley, too, the most interesting man in rouen.
after her littleportrait of him, didn't mr. harkless agree that it looked really prettydull for miss sherwood's other lovers?
mr. harkless smiled, and agreed that it did indeed.
she felt a thrill ofcompassion for him, and her subsequent description of the pathos ofhis smile was luminous.
she said it was natural that a man who had beenthrough so much suffering from those horrible "white-cappers" shouldhave a smile that struck into your heart like a knife.
despite all that meredith could do, and after his notorious effort toshift the subject he could do very little, the light prattle ran onabout helen sherwood and brainard macauley.
tom abused himself for hiswild notion of cheering his visitor with these people who had no talk,and who, if they drifted out of commonplace froth, had no medium tofloat them unless they sailed the currents, of local personality, and hementally upbraided them for a set of gossiping ninnies.
they conducteda conversation (if it could be dignified by a name) of which no strangercould possibly partake, and which, by a hideous coincidence, was makinghis friend writhe, figuratively speaking, for harkless sat like a fixedshadow.
he uttered scarcely a word the whole evening, though meredithknew that his guests would talk about him enthusiastically, the nextday, none the less.
the journalist's silence was enforced by thetopics; but what expression and manner the light allowed them to see wasfriendly and receptive, as though he listened to brilliant suggestions.
he had a nice courtesy, and miss hinsdale felt continually that shewas cleverer than usual this evening, and no one took his silence to bechurlish, though they all innocently wondered why he did not talk more;however, it was probable that a man who had been so interestingly andterribly shot would be rather silent for a time afterward.
that night, when harkless had gone to bed meredith sat late by his ownwindow calling himself names.
he became aware of a rhomboidal patch ofyellow light on a wall of foliage without, and saw that it came from hisfriend's window.
after dubious consideration, he knocked softly on thedoor.
he went in.
harkless was in bed, and laughed faintly as meredithentered.
"i--i'm fearing you'll have to let me settle your gas bill,tom.
i'm not like i used to be, quite.
i find--since--since thatbusiness, i can't sleep without a light.
i rather get the--the horrorsin the dark."
incoherently, meredith made a compassionate exclamation and turned togo, and, as he left the room, his eye fell upon the mantel-piece.
theposition of the photographs had been altered, and the picture of thegirl who looked straight out at you was gone.
the mere rim of it wasvisible behind the image of an old gentleman with a sardonic mouth.
an hour later, tom came back, and spoke through the closed door.
"boy,don't you think you can get to sleep now?"
it's all right.
you get to bed.
nothing troubles me."
meredith spent the next day in great tribulation and perplexity; he feltthat something had to be done, but what to do he did not know.
he stillbelieved that a "stirring-up" was what harkless needed--not the speciesof "stirring-up" that had taken place last night, but a diversion whichwould divert.
as they sat at dinner, a suggestion came to him and hedetermined to follow it.
he was called to the telephone, and a voicestrange to his ear murmured in a tone of polite deference: "a ladywishes to know if mr. meredith and his visitor intend being present atthe country-club this evening."
he had received the same inquiry from miss hinsdale on her departure theprevious evening, and had answered vaguely; hence he now rejoined:"you are quite an expert ventriloquist, but you do not deceive me."
"i beg your pardon, sir," creaked the small articulation.
"this is miss hinsdale, isn't it?"
the lady wishes to know if you will kindly answer herquestion."
"tell her, yes."
he hung up the receiver, and returned to the table.
"some of clara hinsdale's play," he explained.
"you made a devastatingimpression on her, boy; you were wise enough not to talk any, and shefoolishly thought you were as interesting as you looked.
we're going outto a country-club dance.
it's given for the devotees who stay here allsummer and swear rouen is always cool; and nobody dances but me and thevery young ones.
it won't be so bad; you can smoke anywhere, and thereare little tables.
"thank you, tom, you're so good to think of it, but----""but what?"
"would you mind going alone?
i find it very pleasant sitting on yourveranda, or i'll get a book."
"very well, if you don't want to go, i don't.
i haven't had a dance forthree months and i'm still addicted to it.
but of course----""i think i'd like to go."
harkless acquiesced at once, with a cheerfulvoice and a lifeless eye, and the good tom felt unaccountably mean inpersisting.
they drove out into the country through mists like lakes, and foundthemselves part of a procession of twinkling carriage-lights, and cigarsparks shining above open vehicles, winding along the levels like acanoe fete on the water.
in the entrance hall of the club-house theyencountered miss hinsdale, very handsome, large, and dark, elaboratelybeaming and bending toward them warmly.
"who do you think is here?"
"go and present mr. harkless beforebrainard macauley takes her away to some corner."
the two friends walked through a sort of opera-bouffe to find her; musicplaying, a swaying crowd, bright lights, bright eyes, pretty women, aglimpse of dancers footing it over a polished floor in a room beyond--ahundred colors flashing and changing, as the groups shifted, before theeye could take in the composition of the picture.
a sudden thrill ofexhilaration rioted in john's pulses, and he trembled like a childbefore the gay disclosure of a christmas tree.
meredith swore to himselfthat he would not have known him for the man of five minutes agone.
twosmall, bright red spots glowed in his cheeks; he held himself erect withhead thrown back and shoulders squared, and the idolizing tom thought helooked as a king ought to look at the acme of power and dominion.
misshinsdale's word in the hallway was the geniuses touch: a bent, gray manof years--a word--and behold the great john harkless, the youth of elderdays ripened to his prime of wisdom and strength!
people made way forthem and whispered as they passed.
it had been years since john harklesshad been in the midst of a crowd of butterfly people; everything seemedunreal, or like a ball in a play; presently the curtain would fall andclose the lights and laughter from his view, leaving only the echo ofmusic.
it was like a kaleidoscope for color: the bouquets of crimson orwhite or pink or purple; the profusion of pretty dresses, the brilliant,tender fabrics, and the handsome, foreshortened faces thrown back overwhite shoulders in laughter; glossy raven hair and fair tresses movingin quick salutations; and the whole gay shimmer of festal tints and richartificialities set off against the brave green of out-doors, for thewalls were solidly adorned with forest branches, with, here and thereamongst them, a blood-red droop of beech leaves, stabbed in autumn'sfirst skirmish with summer.
the night was cool, and the air full offlower smells, while harp, violin, and 'cello sent a waltz-throb throughit all.
they looked rapidly through several rooms and failed to find herindoors, and they went outside, not exchanging a word, and thoughharkless was a little lame, tom barely kept up with his long stride.
on the verandas there were fairy lamps and colored incandescents overlittle tables, where people sat chatting.
she was not there.
beyondwas a terrace, where a myriad of oriental lanterns outlined themselvesclearly in fantastically shaped planes of scarlet and orange and greenagainst the blue darkness.
many couples and groups were scattered overthe terrace, and the young men paused on the steps, looking swiftly fromgroup to group.
she was not there.
"we haven't looked in the dancing-room," said tom, looking at hiscompanion rather sorrowfully.
john turned quickly and they reentered thehouse.
he had parted from her in the blackness of storm with only the flickerof lightning to show her to him, but it was in a blaze of lights thathe saw her again.
the dance was just ended, and she stood in a widedoorway, half surrounded by pretty girls and young men, who weregreeting her.
he had one full look at her.
she was leaning to them all,her arms full of flowers, and she seemed the radiant centre of all thelight and gaiety of the place.
even meredith stopped short and exclaimedupon her; for one never got used to her; and he remembered that wheneverhe saw her after absence the sense of her beauty rushed over him anew.
and he believed the feeling on this occasion was keener than everbefore, for she was prettier than he had ever seen her.
he cried; but harkless did not understand.
as they pressedforward, meredith perceived that they were only two more radii ofa circle of youths, sprung from every direction as the waltz ended,bearing down upon the common focus to secure the next dance.
harklesssaw nothing but that she stood there before him.
he feared a little thatevery one might notice how he was trembling, and he was glad of the manyvoices that kept them from hearing his heart knock against his ribs.
she saw him coming toward her, and nodded to him pleasantly, in just thefashion in which she was bowing to half a dozen others, and at that apang of hot pain went through him like an arrow--an arrow poisoned withcordial, casual friendliness.
she extended her hand to him and gave him a smile that chilled him--it,was so conventionally courteous and poised so nicely in the manner ofsociety.
he went hot and cold fast enough then, for not less pleasantlyin that manner did she exclaim: "i am very glad to see you, mr.harkless, so extremely glad!
and so delighted to find you looking strongagain!
do tell me about all our friends in plattville.
i should like tohave a little chat with you some time.
so good of you to find me in thismelee."
and with that she turned from the poor fellow to meredith.
"how do youdo.
i've saved the next dance for you."
then she distributedwords here and there and everywhere, amongst the circle abouther--pretty marquise with a vengeance!
"no, mr. swift, i shall not makea card; you must come at the beginning of a dance if you want one.
icannot promise the next; it is quite impossible.
no, i did not go asfar north as mackinac.
how do you do, mr.
burlingame?--yes, quite anage;--no, not the next, i am afraid; nor the next;--i'm not keeping acard.
good evening, mr. baird.
no, not the next.
oh, _thank_ you, misshinsdale!--no, mr. swift, it is quite impossible--i'm so sorry.
cousin,the music is commencing; this is ours."
as she took meredith's arm, she handed her flowers to a gentleman besideher with the slightest glance at the recipient; and the gesture and lookmade her partner heartsick for his friend; it was so easy and naturaland with the air of habit, and had so much of the manner with which awoman hands things to a man who partakes of her inner confidences.
tomknew that harkless divined the gesture, as well as the identity of thegentleman.
they started away, but she paused, and turned to the latter.
"mr. macauley, you must meet mr. harkless.
we leave him in your care,and you must see that he meets all the pretty girls--you are used tobeing nice to distinguished strangers, you know."
tom put his arm about her, and whirled her away, and harkless felt as ifa soft hand had dealt him blow after blow in the face.
was this lady oflittle baffling forms and small cold graces the girl who had been hiskind comrade, the girl who stood with him by the blue tent-pole, she whohad run to him to save his life, she who walked at his side along thepike?
the contrast of these homely scenes made him laugh grimly.
wasthis she who had wept before him--was it she who had been redolent ofkindness so fragrantly natural and true--was it she who said she "lovedall these people very much, in spite of having known them only twodays"?
he cried out upon himself for a fool.
what was he in her eyes but aman who had needed to be told that she did not love him!
had he notbetter--and more courteously to her--have avoided the meeting which wasnecessarily an embarrassment to her?
but no; he must rush like a mohawktill he found her and forced her to rebuff him, to veil her kindness inlittle manners, to remind him that he put himself in the character of arejected importunate.
she had punished him enough, perhaps a little toocruelly enough, in leaving him with the man to whom she handed bouquetsas a matter of course.
and this man was one whose success had long beena trumpet at his ear, blaring loudly of his own failure in the samecareer.
it had been several years since he first heard of the young editor ofthe rouen "journal," and nowadays almost everybody knew about brainardmacauley.
outwardly, he was of no unusual type: an american of affairs;slight, easy, yet alert; relaxed, yet sharp; neat, regular, strong; aquizzical eye, a business chin, an ambitious head with soft, straighthair outlining a square brow; and though he was "of a type," he was notcommonplace, and one knew at once that he would make a rattling fight toarrive where he was going.
it appeared that he had heard of harkless, as well as the carlow editorof him.
they had a few moments of shop, and he talked to harkless as abrother craftsman, without the offense of graciousness, and spoke of hispleasure in the meeting and of his relief at harkless's recovery, for,aside from the mere human feeling, the party needed him in carlow--evenif he did not always prove himself "quite a vehement partisan."
"but i'm not doing my duty," he said presently; "i was topresent you to the pretty ones only, i believe.
will you designate yourpreferred fashion of beauty?
we serve all styles."
"thank you," the other answered, hurriedly.
"i met a number lastnight--quite a number, indeed."
he had seen them only in dim lights,however, and except miss hinsdale and the widower, had not the faintestrecognition of any of them, and he cut them all, except those two, oneafter the other, before the evening was over; and this was a strangething for a politician to do; but he did it with such an innocent eyethat they remembered the dark porch and forgave him.
"shall we watch the dancing, then?"
harkless was alreadywatching part of it.
"if you will.
i have not seen this sort for more than five years."
"it is always a treat, i think, and a constant proof that the olderschool of english caricaturists didn't overdraw."
"yes; one realizes they couldn't."
harkless remembered tom meredith's fine accomplishment of dancing;he had been the most famous dancer of college days, and it was in thedancer that john best saw his old friend again as he had known him, thelight lad of the active toe.
other couples flickered about the onejohn watched, couples that plodded, couples that bobbed, couples thatgalloped, couples that slid, but the cousins alone passed across theglistening reflections as lightly as october leaves blown over theforest floor.
in the midst of people who danced with fixed, glassy eyes,or who frowned with determination to do their duty or to die, andseemed to expect the latter, or who were pale with the apprehension ofcollision, or who made visible their anxiety to breathe through the noseand look pleased at the same time, these two floated and smiledeasily upon life.
three or four steep steps made the portly andcigarette-smoking meredith pant like an old man, but a dance was acooling draught to him.
as for the little marquise--when she danced, shedanced away with all those luckless hearts that were not hers already.
the orchestra launched the jubilant measures of the deux-temps with atorrent of vivacity, and the girl's rhythmic flight answered like a sailtaking the breeze.
there was one heart she had long since won which answered her everymovement.
flushed, rapturous, eyes sparkling, cheeks aglow, the smallhead weaving through the throng like a golden shuttle--ah, did she knowhow adorable she was!
was tom right: is it the attainable unattainableto one man and given to some other that leaves a deeper mark upon himthan success?
at all events the unattainable was now like a hot stingin the heart, but yet a sting more precious than a balm.
the voice ofbrainard macauley broke in:"a white brow and a long lash, a flushing cheek and a soft eye, a voicethat laughs and breaks and ripples in the middle of a word, a girl youcould put in your hat, mr. harkless--and there you have a strong manprone!
but i congratulate you on the manner your subordinates operatethe 'herald' during your absence.
i understand you are making it adaily."
macauley was staring at him quizzically, and harkless, puzzled, butwithout resentment of the other's whimsey, could only decide that theeditor of the rouen "journal" was an exceedingly odd young man.
all atonce he found meredith and the girl herself beside him; they had stoppedbefore the dance was finished.
he had the impulse to guard himself fromnew blows as a boy throws up his elbow to ward a buffet, and, althoughhe could not ward with his elbow, for his heart was on his sleeve--wherehe began to believe that macauley had seen it--he remembered that hecould smile with as much intentional mechanism as any wornout rounder ofafternoons.
he stepped aside for her, and she saw what she had known buthad not seen before, for the thickness of the crowd, and this was thathe limped and leaned upon his stick.
"do let me thank you," he said, with a louder echo of her manner ofgreeting him, a little earlier.
"it has been such a pleasure to watchyou dance.
it is really charming to meet you here.
if i return toplattville i shall surely remember to tell miss briscoe."
at this she surprised him with a sudden, clear look in the eyes, soreproachful, so deep, so sad, that he started.
she took her flowersfrom macauley, who had the air of understanding the significance of suchceremonies very well, and saying, "shan't we all go out on the terrace?"
placed her arm in harkless's, and conducted him (and not the others)to the most secluded corner of the terrace, a nook illumined by onejapanese lantern; to which spot it was his belief that he led her.
shesank into a chair, with the look of the girl who had stood by the bluetent-pole.
he could only stare at her, amazed by her abrupt change tothis dazzling, if reproachful, kindness, confused by his good fortune.
"'_if_ you go back to plattville!'"
she said in a low voice.
"what doyou mean?"
"i don't know.
i've been dull lately, and i thought i might go somewhereelse."
caught in a witchery no lack of possession could dispel, andwhich the prospect of loss made only stronger while it lasted, he tooklittle thought of what he said; little thought of anything but of thegladness it was to be with her again.
"have you no sense of responsibility?
what is to become of your paper?"
oh, it will potter along, i think."
"but what has become of it in your absence, already?
has it notdeteriorated very much?"
"no," he said; "it's better than it ever was before."
she cried, with a little gasp.
"you're so astounded at my modesty?"
"but please tell me what you mean," she said quickly.
"what happened toit?"
"isn't the 'herald' rather a dull subject?
i'll tell you how well judgebriscoe looked when he came to see me; or, rather, tell me of yoursummer in the north."
"no," she answered earnestly.
"don't you remember my telling you that iam interested in newspaper work?"
"i have even heard so from others," he said, with an instant of dryness.
"please tell me about the 'herald'?"
"it is very simple.
your friend, mr. fisbee, found a substitute, arelative six feet high with his coat off, a traction engine for energyand a limited mail for speed.
he writes me letters on a type writersuffering from an impediment in its speech; and in brief, he is anenterprising idiot with a mania for work-baskets."
her face was in the shadow.
"you say the--idiot--is enterprising?"
"far more enterprising and far less idiot than i. they are lookingfor oil down there, and when he came he knew less about oil than akindergarten babe, and spoke of 'boring for kerosene' in his firstletter to me; but he knows it all now, and writes long and convincinggeological arguments.
if a well comes in, he is prepared to get out anextra!
perhaps you may understand what that means in plattville, withthe 'herald's' numerous forces.
i owe him everything, even the shares inthe oil company, which he has persuaded me to take.
and he is going todare to make the 'herald' a daily.
do you remember asking me why i hadnever done that?
it seemed rather a venture to try to compete with therouen papers in offering state and foreign news, but this younggulliver has tacked onto the associated press, and means to print aquarto--that's eight pages, you know--once a week, saturday, and adouble sheet, four pages, on other mornings.
the daily venture beginsnext monday."
"will it succeed?"
"you think not?"
her interest in this dull business struck him asastonishing, and yet in character with her as he had known her inplattville.
then he wondered unhappily if she thought that talkingof the "herald" and learning things about the working of a countrynewspaper would help her to understand brainard macauley.
"why have you let him go on with it?"
"i suppose you haveencouraged him?"
"oh, yes, i encouraged him.
the creature's recklessness fascinated me.
adare-devil like that is always charming.'"
"you think there is no chance for the creature's succeeding with thedaily?"
"none," he replied indifferently.
"you mentioned work-baskets, i think?"
he laughed again.
"i believe him to be the original wooden-nutmeg man.
once a week he produces a 'woman's page,' wherein he presents to thecarlow female public three methods for making currant jelly, threereceipts for the concoction of salads, and directs the ladies how tomanufacture a pretty work-basket out of odd scraps in twenty minutes.
the astonishing part of it is that he has not yet been mobbed by thewomen who have followed his directions."
"so you think the daily is a mistake and that your enterprising idiotshould be mobbed?
she seemed to be taking him very seriously.
"i think he may be--for his 'woman's page.'"
"it is all wrong, you think?"
"what could a yankee six-footer cousin of old fisbee's know aboutcurrant jelly and work-baskets?"
"you know about currant jelly and work-baskets yourself?"
"heaven defend the right, i do not!"
"you are sure he is six feet?"
"you should see his signature; that leaves no doubt.
and, also, hisability denotes his stature."
"you believe that ability is in proportion to height, do you not?"
therewas a dangerous luring in her tone.
his memory recalled to him that he was treading on undermined ground, sohe hastened to say: "in inverse proportion."
"then your substitute is a failure.
i see," she said, slowly.
what muffled illumination there was in their nook fell upon his face;her back was toward it, so that she was only an outline to him, and hewould have been startled and touched to the quick, could he have knownthat her lip quivered and her eyes filled with tears as she spoke thelast words.
he was happy as he had not been since his short june day;it was enough to be with her again.
nothing, not even brainard macauley,could dull his delight.
and, besides, for a few minutes he had forgottenbrainard macauley.
what more could man ask than to sit in the gloom withher, to know that he was near her again for a little while, and to talkabout anything--if he talked at all?
nonsense and idle exaggerationabout young fisbee would do as well as another thing.
"the young gentleman is an exception," he returned.
"i told you i owedeverything to him; my gratitude will not allow me to admit that hisability is less than his stature.
he suggested my purchase of a quantityof mr. watts's oil stock when it was knocked flat on its back by twowells turning out dry; but if mr. watts's third well comes in, and youngfisbee has convinced me that it will, and if my midas's extra booms thestock and the boom develops, i shall oppose the income tax.
poor oldplattville will be full of strangers and speculators, and the 'herald'will advocate vast improvements to impress the investor's eye.
stagnation and picturesqueness will flee together; it is the historyof the indiana town.
already the 'herald' is clamoring with schofields'henry--you remember the bell-ringer?--for main street to be asphalted.
it will all come.
the only trouble with young fisbee is that he has toomuch ability."
"and yet the daily will not succeed?"
that's too big a jump, unless my young man's expressions on thetariff command a wide sale amongst curio-hunters."
"then he is quite a fool about political matters?"
"far from it; he is highly ingenious.
his editorials are often thesubtlest cups of flattery i ever sipped, many of them showing assiduousstudy of old files to master the method and notions of his eagle-eyedpredecessor.
but the tariff seems to have got him.
he is a verymasculine person, except for this one feminine quality, for, if i maysay it without ungallantry, there is a legend that no woman has everunderstood the tariff.
young fisbee must be an extremely travelledperson, because the custom-house people have made an impression upon himwhich no few encounters with them could explain, and he conceives thetariff to be a law which discommodes a lady who has been purchasinggloves in paris.
he thinks smuggling the great evil of the presenttariff system; it is such a temptation, so insidious a break-down ofmoral fibre.
his views must edify carlow."
she gave a quick, stifled cry.
there isn't a word of truth in whatyou say!
not a word!
i did not think you could be so cruel!"
he bent forward, peering at her in astonishment.
"you know it is a hateful distortion--an exaggeration!"
"no man living could have so little sense as you sayhe has.
the tariff is perfectly plain to any child.
when you were inplattville you weren't like this--i didn't know you were unkind!"
"i--i don't understand, please----""miss hinsdale has been talking--raving--to me about you!
you may notknow it--though i suppose you do--but you made a conquest last night.
it seems a little hard on the poor young man who is at work for you inplattville, doing his best for you, plodding on through the hot days,and doing all he knows how, while you sit listening to music in theevenings with clara hinsdale, and make a mock of his work and his tryingto please you----""but i didn't mention him to miss hinsdale.
in fact, i didn't mention_anything_ to miss hinsdale.
what have i done?
the young man is makinghis living by his work--and my living, too, for that matter.
it onlyseems to me that his tariff editorials are rather humorous."
she laughed suddenly--ringingly.
"of course they are!
how should i know?
and the good creature knows nothing beyond smugglingand the custom-house and chalk marks?
why, even _i_--ha, ha, ha!--even_i_--should have known better than that.
what a little fool yourenterprising idiot must be!--with his work-baskets and currant jellyand his trying to make the 'herald' a daily!--it will be a ludicrousfailure, of course.
no doubt he thought he was being quite wise, andwas pleased over his tariff editorials--his funny, funny editorials--hisbest--to please you!
ha, ha, ha!
how immensely funny!"
"do you know him?"
he asked abruptly.
"i have not the honor of the gentleman's acquaintance.
ah," she rejoinedbitterly, "i see what you mean; it is the old accusation, is it?
i am awoman, and i 'sound the personal note.'
i could not resent a crueltyfor the sake of a man i do not know.
but let it go.
my resentment ispersonal, after all, since it is against a man i do know--_you_!"
he leaned toward her because he could not help it.
"i'd rather haveresentment from you than nothing."
"then i will give you nothing," she answered quickly.
"you flout me!"
"that is better than resentment."
"i hate you most, i think," she said with a tremulousness he did notperceive, "when you say you do not care to go back to plattville."
"did i say it?"
"it is in every word, and it is true; you don't care to go back there."
"yes, it is true; i don't."
"you want to leave the place where you do good; to leave those peoplewho love you, who were ready to die to avenge your hurt!"
"oh, i say that is shameful!"
"yes, i know," he returned gravely.
"i am ashamed."
"don't say that!"
"don't say you are ashamed of it.
do yousuppose i do not understand the dreariness it has been for you?
don'tyou know that i see it is a horror to you, that it brings back yourstruggle with those beasts in the dark, and revivifies all yoursuffering, merely to think of it?"
her turns and sudden contradictionsleft him tangled in a maze; he could not follow, but must sit helplessto keep pace with her, while the sheer happiness of being with hertingled through his veins.
she rose and took a step aside, then spokeagain: "well, since you want to leave carlow, you shall; since you donot wish to return, you need not.--are you laughing at me?"
she leanedtoward him, and looked at him steadily, with her face close to his.
hewas not laughing; his eyes shone with a deep fire; in that nearness hehardly comprehended what she said.
"thank you for not laughing," shewhispered, and leaned back from him.
"i suppose you think my promisesare quite wild, and they are.
i do not know what i was talking about, orwhat i meant, any better than you do.
you may understand some day.
itis all--i mean that it hurts one to hear you say you do not care forcarlow."
she turned away.
"it is my turn to conclude the interview.
you remember, the last time itwas you who--" she broke off, shuddering, and covered her face with herhands.
"i did not think--i did not mean tospeak of that miserable, miserable night.
and _i_ to be harsh with youfor not caring to go back to carlow!"
"your harshness," he laughed.
"a waft of eider."
"we must go," she said.
he did not move, but sat staring at her like athirsty man drinking.
with an impulsive and pretty gesture she reachedout her hand to him.
her little, white glove trembled in the nightbefore his eyes, and his heart leaped to meet its sudden sweetgenerosity; his thin fingers closed over it as he rose, and then thathand he had likened to a white butterfly lay warm and light and quiet inhis own.
and as they had so often stood together in their short day andtheir two nights of the moon, so now again they stood with a serenadingsilence between them.
a plaintive waltz-refrain from the house ranthrough the blue woof of starlit air as a sad-colored thread throughthe tapestry of night; they heard the mellow croon of the 'cello and thesilver plaints of violins, the chiming harp, and the triangle bells,all woven into a minor strain of dance-music that beat gently upon theirears with such suggestion of the past, that, as by some witchcraft ofhearing, they listened to music made for lovers dancing, and loverslistening, a hundred years ago.
"i care for only one thing in this world," he said, tremulously.
"havei lost it?
i didn't mean to ask you, that last night, although youanswered.
have i no chance?
is it still the same?
do i come too late?"
the butterfly fluttered in his hand and then away.
she drew back and looked at him a moment.
"there is one thing you must always understand," she said gently, "andthat is that a woman can be grateful.
i give you all the gratitude thereis in me, and i think i have a great deal; it is all yours.
will youalways remember that?"
what can there--""you do not understand now, but some day you will.
i ask you to rememberthat my every act and thought which bore reference to you--and therehave been many--came from the purest gratitude.
although you do not seeit now, will you promise to believe it?"
"yes," he said simply.
"for the rest--" she paused.
"for the rest--i do not love you."
he bowed his head and did not lift it.
"do you understand?"
"i understand," he answered, quietly.
she looked at him long, and then, suddenly, her hand to her heart, gavea little, pitying, tender cry and moved toward him.
at this he raisedhis head and smiled sadly.
"no; don't you mind," he said.
i was such a cad the other time i needed to be told; i wasso entirely silly about it, i couldn't face the others to tell themgood-night, and i left you out there to go in to them alone.
i didn'trealize, for my manners were all gone.
i'd lived in a kind of stupor,i think, for a long time; then being with you was like a dream, and thesudden waking was too much for me.
i've been ashamed often, since, inthinking of it--and i was well punished for not taking you in.
i thoughtonly of myself, and i behaved like a whining, unbalanced boy.
but i hadwhined from the moment i met you, because i was sickly with egoism andloneliness and self-pity.
i'm keeping you from the dancing.
won't youlet me take you back to the house?"
a commanding and querulous contralto voice was heard behind them, and adim, majestic figure appeared under the japanese lantern.
the girl turned quickly.
"may i ask you to return to the club-house for supper with me?
yourfather has been very much worried about you.
we have all been lookingfor you."
"mamma, this is mr.
"how do you do?"
the lady murmured this much so far under her breaththat the words might have been mistaken for anything else--mostplausibly, perhaps, for, "who cares if it is?"
--nor further did sheacknowledge john's profound inclination.
frigidity and complaint ofill-usage made a glamour in every fold of her expensive garments; shewas large and troubled and severe.
a second figure emerged from behindher and bowed with the suave dignity that belonged to brainard macauley.
"mr. macauley has asked to sit at our table," mrs. sherwood said tohelen.
"may i beg you to come at once?
your father is holding places forus."
"certainly," she answered.
"i will follow you with mr.
"i think mr. harkless will excuse you," said the elder lady.
"he hasan engagement.
mr. meredith has been looking everywhere for him to takemiss hinsdale out to supper."
"good-night, miss sherwood," said john in a cheerful voice.
"i thank youfor sitting out the dance with me."
"good-night," she said, and gave him her hand.
"i'm so sorry i shan'tsee you again; i am only in rouen for this evening, or i should ask youto come to see me.
i am leaving to-morrow morning.
the three figures went toward the bright lights of the club-house.
shewas leaning on macauley's arm and chatting gaily, smiling up at himbrightly.
john watched her till she was lost in the throng on theveranda.
there, in the lights, where waiters were arranging littletables, every one was talking and moving about, noisily, good-humoredand happy.
there was a flourish of violins, and then the orchestra swunginto a rampant march that pranced like uncurbed cavalry; it stirred theblood of old men with militant bugle calls and blast of horns; itmight have heralded the chariot of a flamboyant war god rioting out ofsunrise, plumed with youth.
some quite young men on the veranda madeas if they were restive horses champing at the bit and heading aprocession, and, from a group near by, loud laughter pealed.
john harkless lifted to his face the hand that had held hers; there wasthe faint perfume of her glove.
he kissed his own hand.
then he put thathand and the other to his forehead, and sank into her chair.
"let me get back," he said.
"let me get back to plattville, where ibelong."
tom meredith came calling him.
"here i am, tom."
"come along, boy.
what on earth are you doing out here all alone?
ithought you were with--i thought some people were with you.
you'rebored to death, i know; but come along and be bored some more, because ipromised to bring you in for supper.
then we'll go home.
they've saved aplace for you by miss hinsdale."
"very well, lad," answered harkless, and put his hand on the other'sshoulder.
the next day he could not leave his bed; his wounds were feverish andhis weakness had returned.
meredith was shaken with remorse becausehe had let him wander around in the damp night air with no one to lookafter him.
judge briscoe was sitting out under the afternoon sky with his chairtilted back and his feet propped against the steps.
his coat was off,and minnie sat near at hand sewing a button on the garment for him, andshe wore that dreamy glaze that comes over women's eyes when they sewfor other people.
from the interior of the house rose and fell the murmur of a number ofvoices engaged in a conversation, which, for a time, seemed to consistof dejected monosyllables; but presently the judge and minnie heardhelen's voice, clear, soft, and trembling a little with excitement.
shetalked only two or three minutes, but what she said stirred up a greatcommotion.
all the voices burst forth at once in ejaculations--almostshouts; but presently they were again subdued and still, except forthe single soft one, which held forth more quietly, but with a deeperagitation, than any of the others.
"you needn't try to bamboozle me," said the judge in a covert tone tohis daughter, and with a glance at the parlor window, whence now issuedthe rumble of warren smith's basso.
"i tell you that girl would followjohn harkless to jericho."
minnie shook her head mysteriously, and bit a thread with a vague frown.
"well, why not?"
asked the judge crossly.
"why wouldn't she have him, then?"
"well, who knows he's asked her yet?"
minnie screamed derisively at the density of man, "what made him run offthat way, the night he was hurt?
why didn't he come back in the housewith her?"
"don't you suppose a woman understands?"
"meaning that you know more about it than i do, i presume," grunted theold gentleman.
"yes, father," she replied, smiling benignantly upon him.
"did she tell you?"
he asked abruptly.
i guess the truth is that women don't know more than men somuch as they see more; they understand more without having to read aboutit."
"that's the way of it, is it?"
"well, it don't make anydifference, she'll have him some time."
"no, father; it's only gratitude."
the judge snorted scornfully.
"girls don't do as much asshe's done for him out of gratitude.
_look_ what she's doing; not onlyrunning the 'herald' for him, but making it a daily, and a good daily atthat.
first time i saw her i knew right away she was the smartest girli ever laid eyes on;--i expect she must have got it from her mother.
look how she's studied his interests, and watched likea cat for chances for him in everything.
didn't she get him into ephwatts's company?
she talked to watts and the other fellows, day afterday, and drove around their leased land with 'em, and studied it up, andgot on the inside, and made him buy.
now, if they strike it--andshe's sure they will, and _i_'m sure she knows when to have faith in athing--why, they'll sell out to the standard, and they can all quit workfor the rest of their lives if they want to; and harkless gets asmuch as any without lifting a finger, all because he had a littlemoney--mighty little, too--laid up in bank and a girl that saw where toput it.
she did that for him, didn't she?"
"don't you see what fun it's been for her?"
"she's beenhaving the best time she ever had; i never knew any one half so happy."
"yes; she went up and saw him at that party, and she knows he's stillthinking about her.
i shouldn't be surprised if he asked her then, andthat's what makes her so gay."
"well, she couldn't have said 'yes,' because he went back to his bed thenext day, and he's been there most of the time since."
he wasn't over his injuries, and he was weak and got malaria."
"well, she couldn't be so happy while he's sick, if she cared very muchabout him."
"he's not very sick.
she's happy because she's working for him, and sheknows his illness isn't serious.
he'll be a well man when she says theword.
he's love-sick, that's what he is; i never saw a man so taken downwith it in my life."
"then it isn't malaria?"
minnie said, with a smile of some superiority.
"you're just like your poor mother," the old gentleman answered, growingrather red.
"she never could learn to argue.
what i say is that helencares about him, whether she says she does or not, whether she acts likeit or not--or whether she thinks she does or not," he added irascibly.
"do you know what she's doing for him to-day?"
"well, when they were talking together at that party, he said somethingthat made her think he was anxious to get away from plattville--you'renot to repeat this, child; she told me, relying on my discretion."
"do you know why she's got these men to come here to-day to meether--warren smith and landis and homer, and boswell and young keating ofamo, and tom martin and those two fellows from gaines county?"
"something about politics, isn't it?"
"'something about politics!'"
"i should say it is!
wait tillit's done, and this evening i'll tell you--if you can keep a secret."
minnie set her work-basket on the steps.
"oh, i guess i can keep asecret," she said.
"but it won't make any difference."
"you mean you've said it, and you'll stick to it that it's gratitudetill their wedding day."
"she knows he gave her father something to do, and helped him in otherways, when no one else did."
"i know all about that.
she reproaches herself for having neglectedfisbee while a stranger took care of him, and saved him fromstarving--and worse.
she's unreasonable about it; she didn't know hewas in want till long after.
that's just like fisbee, to tell her,afterwards.
he didn't tell her how low he got; but he hinted at itto her, and i guess she understood; i gathered that much from him.
ofcourse she's grateful, but gratefulness don't account for everything."
"yes it does."
"well, i never expected to have the last word with a woman."
"well, you needn't," said minnie.
i never do," he retorted.
she did not answer, but hummed alittle tune and looked up at the tree-tops.
warren smith appeared in the doorway.
"judge," he said, "will you stepinside?
we need you."
briscoe nodded and rose at once.
as he reached the door, minnie said ina piercing whisper:"it's hard to be sure about her, but i'm right; it's gratitude."
"there," he replied, chuckling, "i thought i shouldn't have the lastword."
minnie began to sing, and the judge, after standing in thedoorway till he was again summoned from within, slowly retired.
briscoe had persisted in his own explanation of helen's gaiety;nevertheless he did not question his daughter's assumption that theyoung lady was enjoying her career in carlow.
she was free as a birdto go and come, and her duties and pleasures ran together in a happyexcitement.
her hands were full of work, but she sought and increasednew tasks, and performed them also.
she came to carlow as unused to thesoil as was harkless on his arrival, and her educational equipment forthe work was far less than his; her experience, nothing.
but both werenative to the state; and the genius of the american is adaptability,and both were sprung from pioneers whose means of life depended on thatquality.
there are, here and there, excrescent individuals who, through stockdecadence, or their inability to comprehend republican conditions,are not assimilated by the body of the country; but many of these areimports, while some are exports.
our foreign-born agitators now and thenfind themselves removed by the police to institutions of routine,while the romantic innocents who set up crests in the face of anunimpressionable democracy are apt to be lured by their own curiousambitions, or those of their women-folk, to spend a great part of theirtime in or about the villas of albion, thus paid for its perfidy; and,although the anarchists and the bubble-hunters make a noise, it isenormously out of proportion to their number, which is relatively verysmall, and neither the imported nor the exported article can be taken ascharacteristic of our country.
for the american is one who soon fits anyplace, or into any shaped hole in america, where you can set him down.
it may be that without going so far as to suggest the halls of the greatand good and rich, one might mention a number of houses of entertainmentfor man and beast in this country, in which mr. martin of the plattvilledry goods emporium would find himself little at ease.
but even in theextreme case, if mr. martin were given his choice of being burned todeath, or drowned, or of spending a month at the most stupendouslyembellished tavern located in our possessions, and supposing him tohave chosen the third alternate, it is probable that he would have grownalmost accustomed to his surroundings before he died; and if he survivedthe month, we may even fancy him really enjoying moments of conversationwith the night-clerks.
as mr. parker observed, miss sherwood did not do the grand duchess,giving the carlow tenants a treat.
she felt no duchess symptoms withinherself, and though, of course, she had various manners tucked away towear as one suits garments to occasions--and it was a rouen "party-gown"wherewith she chose to abash poor john harkless at their meeting--herein carlow, she was a woman of affairs, lively, shrewd, engaging,capable; she was herself (at least she was that side of herself).
andit should be explained that harkless had based his calumny regarding thetariff on a paragraph or two that crept inadvertently into an otherwisestatesmanlike article, and that "h. fisbee" understood the tariffas well as any woman who ever lived.
but the tariff inspired no morearticles from that pen.
rodney mccune had lifted his head, and those who had followed hisstricken enemy felt that the cause was lost, without the leader.
the oldring that the "herald" had crushed was a ring once more, and the heelershad rallied--"the boys were in line again."
the work had been donequietly, and halloway was already beaten, and beaten badly.
johnharkless lay sick, and rodney mccune would sit in congress, for thenomination meant election.
but one day the harkless forces, demoralized,broken, almost hopeless, woke up to find that they had a leader.
manyof them were content with the belief that this was a young lawyernamed keating, who had risen up in amo; but mr. keating himself had adifferent impression.
helen was a little nervous, and very much excited, over the politicalconference at judge briscoe's.
she planned it with careful diplomacy,and arranged the details with a fine sense of the dramatic.
there wasa suggestion she desired to have made in this meeting, which shewished should emanate from the amo and gaines county people, instead ofproceeding from carlow--for she thought it better to make the outsidersbelieve her idea an inspiration of their own--so she made a littlecomedy and provided for briscoe's entrance at an effective moment.
thejudge was a substantial influence, strong in the councils of his partywhen he chose to be; and though of late years he had contented himselfwith voting at the polls, every one knew what weight he carried when hesaw fit to bestir himself.
when he entered the parlor, he found the politicians in a state ofsubdued excitement.
helen sat by the window, blushing, and talkingeagerly to old fisbee.
one of the gentlemen from gaines county waswalking about the room exclaiming, "a glorious conception!
addressing the bric-a-brac, apparently.
(he thought theconception his own.)
mr. martin was tugging at his beard and whisperingto landis and homer, and the two amo men were consulting in a corner,but as the judge came in, one of them turned and said loudly, "that'sthe man."
"what man am i, keating?"
asked briscoe, cheerily.
"we better explain, i guess," answered the other; and turning to hiscompatriot: "you tell him, boswell."
"well--it's this way--" said boswell, and came at once to an awkwardpause, turning aside sheepishly and unable to proceed.
"so that's the way of it, is it?"
said the old gentleman.
helen laughed cheerfully, and looked about her with a courageous andencouraging eye.
"it is embarrassing," she said.
"judge briscoe, we arecontemplating 'a piece of the blackest treachery and chicanery.'
we aregoing to give mr. halloway the--the go-by!"
the embarrassment fell away,and everybody began to talk at once.
"hold on a minute," said the judge; "let's get at it straight.
what doyou want with me?"
"i'll tell you," volunteered keating.
"you see, the boys are getting inline again for this convention.
they are the old file that used to rulethe roost before the 'herald' got too strong for them, and they rely onmr. harkless's being sick to beat kedge halloway with that gainescounty man, mccune.
now, none of us here want rod mccune i guess.
we hadtrouble enough once with him and his heelers, and now that mr. harklessis down, they've taken advantage of it to raise a revolution: rod mccunefor congress!
he's a dirty-hearted swindler--i hope miss sherwood willpardon the strong expression--and everybody thought the 'herald' haddriven him out of politics, though it never told how it did it; buthe's up on top again.
now, the question is to beat him.
we hold thecommittees, but the boys have been fighting the committees--call 'emthe 'harkless ring,' and never understood that the 'herald' would haveturned us down in a second if it thought we weren't straight.
well,we saw a week ago that kedge halloway was going to lose to mccune; wefigured it out pretty exactly, and there ain't a ray of hope for kedge.
we wrote to mr. harkless about it, and asked him to come down--if he'dbeen on the ground last monday and had begun to work, i don't say butwhat his personal influence might have saved halloway--but a friend ofhis, where he's staying, answered the letter: said mr. harkless wasdown with a relapse and was very fretful; and he'd taken the liberty ofreading the letter and temporarily suppressing it under doctor's orders;they were afraid he'd come, sick as he was, from a sense of duty, andasked us to withdraw the letter, and referred us to mr. harkless'srepresentative on the 'herald.'
so we applied here to miss sherwood, andthat's why we had this meeting.
now, halloway is honest--everybody knowsthat--and i don't say but what he's been the best available material mr.harkless had to send to washington; but he ain't any too bright----"mr. martin interrupted the speaker.
"i reckon, maybe, you never heardthat lecture of his on the past, present, and future'?"
"besides that," keating continued, "halloway has had it long enough,and he's got enough glory out of it, and, except for getting beat by rodmccune, i believe he'd almost as soon give it up.
well, we discussed allthis and that, and couldn't come to any conclusion.
we didn't want tokeep on with a losing fight if there was any way to put up a winner,though of course we all recognized that mr. harkless would want us tosupport kedge to the death, and that's what he'd do if he was on theground.
but miss sherwood mentioned that she'd had one note since hislast illness began, and he'd entrusted her and her associates on thepaper with the entire policy, and she would take the responsibility foranything we determined on.
mr. smith said the only thing to do wasto give up halloway and get a man that could beat mccune; kedge wouldrecognize it himself, that that was the only thing to do, and he couldretire gracefully.
miss sherwood said she was still more or less astranger, and asked what man we could find who was strong enough to doit by popularity alone and who was also a man we wanted; somebody thathad worked a good deal, but had never had any office.
it was to such aman she could promise the 'herald's' support, as for a time the paperwas being operated almost independently, it might be said, of mr.harkless.
well, i expect it came to all of us at the same time, but itwas mr. bence here that said it first."
mr. bence was the gentleman who had walked about saying "a gloriousconception," and he now thrust one hand into his breast and extended theother in a wide gesture, and looked as impressive as a very young manwith white eyebrows can look.
"the name of harkless," he said abruptly, "the name of harkless willsweep the convention like the fire of a western prairie; the name ofharkless will thunder over their astonished heads and strike a pealof joy bells in every home in the district; it will re-echo in thecorridors of posterity and teem with prosperity like a mighty river.
the name of harkless will reverberate in that convention hall, and theyshall sit ashamed."
exclaimed the judge.
"why didn't some one think of that longago?"
"then you approve?"
"yes, i think i do!"
the amo man shook hands with him.
"we'll swim out," he exclaimed.
"itwill be the same everywhere.
a lot of the old crowd themselves will beswept along with us when we make our nomination.
people feel that thatcross-roads business ought never to have been allowed to happen,and they'd like to make it up to him some way.
there are just twodifficulties, halloway and mr. harkless himself.
it's a sure thing thathe wouldn't come out against kedge and that he'd refuse to let his namebe used against him.
therefore, we've got to keep it quiet from him; thewhole thing has to be worked quietly.
the mccune folks were quiet untilthey thought they were sure; we've got to be quieter still.
well, we'vemade out a plan."
"and a plan that will operate," added mr. bence.
"for the name ofharkless shall--" mr. keating interrupted him energetically:"we explain it to all the halloway delegates, you see, and to all theshaky mccune people, and interview all the undecided ones.
the mccunecrowd may see them afterwards, but they can't fix men in this districtagainst john harkless.
all we've got to do is to pass the word.
it's allkept quiet, you understand.
we go into the convention, and the names ofhalloway and mccune are placed before it.
then will come a speech namingharkless--and you want to stuff your ears with cotton!
on the firstballot harkless gets the scattering vote that was going to nominatemccune if we'd let things run, and halloway is given every vote he'dhave got if he'd run against mccune alone; it's as a compliment; it willhelp him see how things were, afterwards; and on the second ballot hisvote goes to harkless.
there won't be any hitch if we get down to workright off; it's a mighty short campaign, but we've got big chances.
ofcourse, it can't be helped that halloway has to be kept in the dark; hewon't spend any money, anyway."
"it looks a little underhanded at first glance," said warren smith;"but, as miss sherwood said, you've got to be a little underhandedsometimes, especially when you're dealing with as scrupulous a man asjohn harkless.
but it's a perfectly honest deal, and it will be allright with him when he finds it's all over and he's nominated."
"it's a plain case," added boswell.
"we want him, and we've got to havehim."
"there's one danger," mr. keating continued.
"kedge halloway is honest,but i believe he's selfish enough to disturb his best friend's deathbedfor his own ends, and it's not unlikely that he will get nervous towardsthe last and be telegraphing harkless to have himself carried on a cotto the convention to save him.
that wouldn't do at all, of course,and miss sherwood thinks maybe there'd be less danger if we set theconvention a little ahead of the day appointed.
it's dangerous, becauseit shortens our time; but we can fix it for three days before the daywe'd settled on, and that will bring it to september 7th.
what we wantof you, judge, is to go to the convention as a delegate, and make thenominating speech for mr. harkless.
will you do it?"
cried the old man, and he struck the table a resounding blowwith his big fist.
i'd walk from here to rouen and back again todo it!"
they were all on their feet at this, and they pressed forward to shakebriscoe's hand, congratulating him and each other as though they werealready victorious.
mr. martin bent over helen and asked her if sheminded shaking hands with a man who had voted for shem at the firstelection in the ark.
"i thought i'd rightly ort to thank you for finishin' off kedgehalloway," he added.
"i made up my mind i'd never vote for him again,the night he killed that intellectual insect of his."
"intellectual insect, mr.
she asked, puzzled.
"the recollection never quits ha'ntin' me.
i reckon i haven'thad a restful night since june.
maybe you don't remember his lecture."
"oh, but i do," she laughed; "and i remember the story of the fly,vividly."
"i never was jest what you might exactly call gushin' over kedge,"mr. martin drawled.
"he doesn't strike me as havin' many ideas,precisely--he had kind of a symptom of one once, that he caught fromharkless, but it didn't take; it sloshed around in his mind and neverreally come out on him.
i always thought his brain was sort of syrupy.
harkless thought there was fruit in it, and i reckon there is; but someway it never seems to jell."
"go on," said helen gayly.
"i want to hear him abused.
it helps me tofeel less mean about the way we are treating him."
"yes; i'm slickin' over my conscience, too.
i feel awnrier about itbecause he done me a good turn once, in the hayes and wheeler campaign.
i went to a meetin' to hear him speak, and he got sick and couldn't."
warren smith addressed the company.
"well, is this all for the present?"
"is everything settled?"
"wait a minute," said keating.
"i'd like to hear from the 'herald' aboutits policy, if miss sherwood will tell us."
"yes, indeed," she answered.
"it will be very simple.
don't you thinkthere is only one course to pursue?
we will advocate no one veryenergetically, but we will print as much of the truth about mr. mccuneas we can, with delicacy and honor, in this case, but, as i understandit, the work is almost all to be done amongst the delegates.
we shallnot mention our plan at all--but--but, when the convention is over, andhe is nominated, we will get out an extra; and i am so confident of yoursuccess that i'll tell you now that the extra will be ready the nightbefore the convention.
we will contrive that mr. harkless shall notreceive his copy of the paper containing the notice of the change ofdate, and i think the chance of his seeing it in any rouen paper may beavoided.
that is all, i think."
"thank you," said keating.
"that is certainly the course to follow."
every one nodded, or acquiesced in words; and keating and bence cameover to helen and engaged her in conversation.
the others began to lookabout for their hats, vaguely preparing to leave.
"wait a minute," said the judge.
"there's no train due just now."
andminnie appeared in the doorway with a big pitcher of crab-apple cider,rich and amber-hued, sparkling, cold, and redolent of the sweet-smellingorchard where it was born.
behind miss briscoe came mildy upton withglasses and a fat, shaking, four-storied jelly-cake on a secondtray.
the judge passed his cigars around, and the gentlemen took themblithely, then hesitatingly held them in their fingers and glanced atthe ladies, uncertain of permission.
"let me get you some matches," helen said, quickly, and found a box onthe table and handed it to keating.
every one sat beaming, and fragrantveils of smoke soon draped the room.
"why do you call her 'miss sherwood'?"
boswell whispered in keating'sear.
"that's her name."
"ain't she the daughter of that old fellow over there by the window?
ain't her name fisbee?"
"no; she's his daughter, but her legal name's sherwood; she's anadop----""great scott!
i know all about that.
i'd like to know if there's a man,woman, or child in this part of the country that doesn't.
i guess itwon't be fisbee or sherwood either very long.
she can easy get a newname, _that_ lady!
and if she took a fancy to boswell, why, i'm abach----""i expect she won't take a fancy to boswell very early," said keating.
"they say it will be harkless."
"go 'way," returned mr. boswell.
"what do you want to say that for?
can't you bear for anybody to be happy a minute or two, now and then?"
warren smith approached helen and inquired if it would be asking toomuch if they petitioned her for some music; so she went to the piano,and sang some darky songs for them, with a quaint suggestion of thedialect--two or three old-fashioned negro melodies of foster's, followedby some rollicking modern imitations with the movement and spirit ofa tinshop falling down a flight of stairs.
her audience listened indelight from the first; but the latter songs quite overcame them withpleasure and admiration, and before she finished, every head in theroom was jogging from side to side, and forward and back, in time to themusic, while every foot shuffled the measures on the carpet.
when the gentlemen from out of town discovered that it was time to leaveif they meant to catch their train, helen called to them to wait, andthey gathered about her.
"just one second," she said, and she poured all the glasses full to thebrim; then, standing in the centre of the circle they made around her,she said:"before you go, shan't we pledge each other to our success in thisgood, home-grown indiana cider, that leaves our heads clear and our armsstrong?
if you will--then--" she began to blush furiously and her voicetrembled, but she lifted the glass high over her head and cried bravely,"here's to 'our candidate'!"
the big men, towering over her, threw back their heads and quaffed thegentle liquor to the last drop.
then they sent up the first shout of thecampaign, and cheered john harkless till the rafters rang.
"my friends," said mr. keating, as he and boswell and the men fromgaines drove away in judd bennett's omnibus, "my friends, here is wherei begin the warmest hustling i ever did.
i want harkless, everybodywants him----""it is a glorious idea," said mr. bence.
"the name of harkless----"keating drowned the oratory.
"but that isn't all.
that little girl wantshim to go to congress, and that settles it.
that evening minnie and her father were strolling up and down the frontwalk together, between the flowered borders.
"do you give up?"
asked the judge.
"give up what?
returned his daughter.
"she hasn't told you?"
"not yet; she and mr. fisbee left for the office right after those menwent."
"haven't you discovered what the 'something about politics' she's doingfor him is?
did you understand what she meant by 'our candidate'?"
"did you see her blush when she proposed that toast?"
so would anybody--with all those men, and their eyes hanging outon their cheeks!"
she got up the whole show.
do you know why?"
"i only know it's politics."
he glanced over his shoulder, and then, leaning toward her,he said, in a low tone: "i'll tell you in confidence, minnie; she'ssending him to congress!"
she cried triumphantly.
"if she loved him she wouldn't do _that_,would she?"
briscoe turned upon her sternly.
"i don't want to hear anymore talk like that.
it's the way with some papers to jibe at our greatinstitutions, and you've been reading them; that's the trouble with you.
the only criticism any one has any business making against congress isthat it's too good for some of the men we send there.
congress is ourgreat virtue, understand; the congressmen are our fault."
"i didn't mean anything like that," protested the girl.
"i haven't beenreading any papers except the 'herald.'
i meant why should she send himaway if she cared about him?"
"she'll go with him."
"they couldn't both go.
what would become of the 'herald'?"
"they'd fix that easy enough; there are plenty of smart young fellows inrouen they could get to run it while they are in washington."
"mr. harkless is sure to be elected, is he?"
"he is, if he's nominated."
"can't he get the nomination?"
nobody ever happened to think of him for it till it came into_her_ head; and the only thing i look to see standing in the way of itis harkless himself; but i expect we can leave it to her to manage, andi guess she will.
she's got more diplomacy than blaine.
kedge hallowayis up the spout all right, but they want to keep it quiet; that's whyshe had them come here instead of the office."
"she wouldn't marry him a minute sooner because he went to congress,"said minnie thoughtfully.
"you're giving up," he exclaimed.
"you know i'm right."
"wait and see.
it might--no, you're wrong as wrong can be!
i wish youweren't.
don't you see?
she _couldn't_ do all thesethings for him if she loved him.
that's the very proof itself.
i supposeyou--well, you can't understand."
"i'll tell you one thing," he returned.
"if she doesn't, the rest of itwon't amount to a rip with john harkless."
"yes, it will.
nobody could help liking to find himself as big a man ashe'll be when he comes back here.
besides, don't you see, it's her wayof making it up to him for not liking him as much as he wants.
_you_give up, don't you?"
"no," he cried, with feeble violence, "i don't.
she'll find out somethings about herself when she sees him again."
minnie shook her head.
there was a sound of wheels; the buckboard drew up at the gate, andhelen, returning from her evening's labor, jumped out lightly, and ranaround to pat the horses' heads.
"thank you so much, mr. willetts," shesaid to the driver.
"i know you will handle the two delegates you areto look after as well as you do the judge's team; and you ought to, youknow, because the delegates are men.
she stroked the sleeknecks of the colts and handed them bunches of grass.
briscoe came out, and let the friendly animals nose his shoulder as helooked gravely down on the piquant face beside him in the dusk.
"younglady," he said, "go east.
wait till we get on to washington, and sit inthe gallery, and see john harkless rise up in his place, and hear thespeaker say: 'the gentleman from indiana!'
i know the chills would goup and down my spine, and i guess you'd feel pretty well paid for yourday's work.
i guess we all would."
"aren't you tired, helen?"
asked minnie, coming to her in the darknessand clasping her waist.
no; i'm happy.
did you ever see the stars so bright?"
an indiana town may lie asleep a long time, but there always comes a daywhen it wakes up; and plattville had wakened in august when the "herald"became a daily and eph watts struck oil.
it was then that history beganto be made.
the "herald" printed news, and the paper was sold everymorning at stands in all the towns in that section of the state.
parker talked of new presses; two men were added tohis staff, and a reporter was brought from rouen to join mr. fisbee.
the"herald" boomed the oil-field; people swarmed into town; the hotel wascrowded; strangers became no sensation whatever.
a capitalist bought thewhole north side of the square to erect new stores, and the carlow bankbegan the construction of a new bank building of bedford stone on mainstreet.
then it was whispered, next affirmed, that the "herald" hadsucceeded in another of its enterprises, and main street was to beasphalted.
that was the end of the "old days" of plattville.
there was a man who had laid the foundation upon which the newplattville was to be built; he who, through the quiet labor of years,had stamped his spirit upon the people, as their own was stamped uponhim; but he lay sick in his friend's house and did not care.
one daymeredith found him propped up in bed, reading a letter--reading itlistlessly, and with a dull eye.
"plattville, _september 1st_.
"_dear mr. harkless_: yours of the 30th received.
every one here is veryglad to know that your health is so far improved as to admit of yourwriting; and it is our strongest hope that you will soon be completelyrecovered.
"new subscriptions are coming in at a slightly advanced rate since mylast letter; you will see they are distributed over several counties,when you examine the books on your return; and i am glad to state thatwith our arrangement for gainesville the 'herald' is now selling everymorning at a prominent store in all the towns within the radius wedetermined on.
our plan of offering the daily with no advance on theprice of the former tri-weekly issue proves a success.
i now proposemaking the issue a quarto every day (at the same price) instead of oncea week.
i think our experience warrants the experiment.
it is my beliefthat our present circulation will be increased forty per cent.
pleaseadvise me if you approve.
of course this would mean a further increaseof our working force, and we should have to bring another manfrom rouen--possibly two more--but i think we need not fear suchenlargements.
"i should tell you that i have taken you at your word entrusting mewith the entire charge of your interests here, and i had the store-roomadjoining the office put in shape, and offered it to the telegraphcompany for half the rent they were paying in their former quarters overthe post-office.
they have moved in; and this, in addition to giving usour despatches direct, is a reduction of expense.
"mr. watts informs me that the standard's offer is liberal and the termsare settled.
the boom is not hollow, it is simply an awakening; and thetown, so long a dependent upon the impetus of agriculture or its trade,is developing a prosperity of its own on other lines as well.
strangerscome every day; oil has lubricated every commercial joint.
contractshave been let for three new brick business buildings to be erected onthe east side of the square.
the value of your main street frontage willhave doubled by december, and possibly you may see fit to tear away thepresent building and put up another, instead; the investment might beprofitable.
the 'herald' could find room on the second and third floors,and the first could be let to stores.
"i regret that you find your copy of the paper for the 29th overlookedin the mail and that your messenger could find none for you at thenewspaper offices in rouen.
mr. schofield was given directions in regardto supplying you with the missing issue at once.
"i fear that you may have had difficulty in deciphering some of myformer missives, as i was unfamiliar with the typewriter when i tookcharge of the 'herald'; however, i trust that you find my later lettersmore legible.
"the mccune people are not worrying us; we are sure to defeat them.
thepapers you speak of were found by mr. parker in your trunk, and are nowin my hands.
"i send with this a packet of communications and press clippingsindicative of the success of the daily, and in regard to otherinnovations.
the letters from women commendatory of our 'woman's page,'thanking us for various house-keeping receipts, etc., strike me aspeculiarly interesting, as i admit that a 'woman's page' is always adifficult matter for a man to handle without absurdity.
"please do not think i mean to plume myself upon our various successes;we attempted our innovations and enlargements at just the right time--atime which you had ripened by years of work and waiting, and at themoment when you had built up the reputation of the 'herald' to itshighest point.
everything that has been done is successful only becauseyou paved the way, and because every one knows it is your paper; and thepeople believe that whatever your paper does is interesting and right.
"trusting that your recovery will be rapid, i am"yours truly,"h.
harkless dropped the typewritten sheets with a sigh.
"i suppose i ought to get well," he said wearily.
"yes," said meredith, "i think you ought; but you're chock full ofmalaria and fever and all kinds of meanness, and----""you 'tend to your own troubles," returned the other, with an imitationof liveliness.
"i--i don't think it interests me much," he saidquerulously.
he was often querulous of late, and it frightened tom.
i am strong enough--that is, i think i am till i try to movearound, and then i'm like a log, and a lethargy gets me--that's it; idon't think it's malaria; it's lethargy."
"lethargy comes from malaria."
"it's the other way with me.
i'd be all right if i only could get overthis--this tiredness.
let me have that pencil and pad, will you, please,tom?"
he set the pad on his knee, and began to write languidly:                                        "rouen, _september 2d_.
"_dear mr. fisbee_: yours of the 1st to hand.
i entirely approve allarrangements you have made.
i think you understand that i wish you toregard _everything_ as in your own hands.
you are the editor of the'herald' and have the sole responsibility for everything, includingpolicy, until, after proper warning, i relieve you in person.
but untilthat time comes, you must look upon me as a mere spectator.
i do notfear that you will make any mistakes; you have done very much better inall matters than i could have done myself.
at present i have onlyone suggestion: i observe that your editorials concerning halloway'srenomination are something lukewarm.
"it is very important that he be renominated, not altogether on accountof assuring his return to washington (for he is no madison, i fear), butthe fellow mccune must be so beaten that his defeat will be rememberedfor twenty years.
halloway is honest and clean, at least, while mccuneis corrupt to the bone.
he has been bought and sold, and i am glad theproofs of it are in your hands, as you tell me parker found them, asdirected, in my trunk, and gave them to you.
"the papers you hold drove him out of politics once, by the mere threatof publication; you should have printed them last week, as i suggested.
do so at once; the time is short.
you have been too gentle; it hasthe air of fearing to offend, and of catering, as if we were afraid ofantagonizing people against us; as though we had a personal stake in theconvention.
possibly you consider our subscription books as such; i donot.
but if they are, go ahead twice as hard.
what if it does give theenemy a weapon in case mccune is nominated; if he is (and i begin tosee a danger of it) we will be with the enemy.
i do not carry mypartisanship so far as to help elect mr. mccune to congress.
you havebeen as non-committal in your editorials as if this were a fit time fordelicacy and the cheaper conception of party policy.
my notion of partypolicy--no new one--is that the party which considers the publicservice before it considers itself will thrive best in the long run.
the'herald' is a little paper (not so little nowadays, after all, thanks toyou), but it is an honest one, and it isn't afraid of rod mccune and hisfriends.
he is to be beaten, understand, if we have to send him to thepenitentiary on an old issue to do it.
and if the people wish to believeus cruel or vengeful, let them.
please let me see as hearty a word asyou can say for halloway, also.
you can write with ginger; please showsome in this matter.
"my condition is improved.
"i am, very truly yours,                                          "john harkless."
when the letter was concluded, he handed it to meredith.
"please addressthat, put a 'special' on it, and send it, tom.
it should go at once, soas to reach him by to-night."
"i believe it does you good to write, boy," said the other, as he bentover him.
"you look more chirrupy than you have for several days."
"it's that beast, mccune; young fisbee is rather queer about it, andi felt stirred up as i went along."
but even before the sentence wasfinished the favor of age and utter weariness returned, and the darklids closed over his eyes.
they opened again, slowly, and he took theothers hand and looked up at him mournfully, but as it were his soulshone forth in dumb and eloquent thanks.
"i--i'm giving you a jolly summer, tom," he said, with a quiveringeffort to smile.
"don't you think i am?
i don't--i don't know what ishould have--done----""you old indian!"
said meredith, tenderly.
three days later, tom was rejoiced by symptoms of invigoration in hispatient.
a telegram came for harkless, and meredith, bringing it intothe sick room, was surprised to find the occupant sitting straight up onhis couch without the prop of pillows.
he was reading the day's copy ofthe "herald," and his face was flushed and his brow stern.
"what's the matter, boy?"
"mismanagement, i hope," said the other, in a strong voice.
it's this young fisbee.
i can't think what's come over thefellow.
i thought he was a rescuing angel, and he's turning out bad.
i'll swear it looks like they'd been--well, i won't say that yet.
buthe hasn't printed that mccune business i told you of, and he's had twodays.
there is less than a week before the convention, and--" he brokeoff, seeing the yellow envelope in meredith's hand.
"is that a telegramfor me?"
his companion gave it to him.
he tore it open and read thecontents.
they were brief and unhappy.
"can't you do something?
can't you come down?
it begins to look theother way.
"k. h.""it's from halloway," said john.
"i have got to go.
what did that doctorsay?"
"he said two weeks at the earliest, or you'll run into typhoid andcomplications from your hurts, and even pleasanter things than that.
i've got you here, and here you stay; so lie back and get easy, boy."
"then give me that pad and pencil."
he rapidly dashed off a note to h.fisbee:"_september 5th_.
"h. fisbee,"editor 'carlow herald.'
"_dear sir_: you have not acknowledged my letter of the 2d september bya note (which should have reached me the following morning), or bythe alteration in the tenor of my columns which i requested, or by thepublication of the mccune papers which i directed.
in this i hold yougrossly at fault.
if you have a conscientious reason for refusing tocarry out my request it should have been communicated to me at once,as should the fact--if such be the case--that you are a personal (orimpersonal, if you like) friend of mr. rodney mccune.
whatever themotive, ulterior or otherwise, which prevents you from operating mypaper as i direct, i should have been informed of it.
this is a mattervital to the interests of our community, and you have hitherto shownyourself too alert in accepting my slightest suggestion for me toconstrue this failure as negligence.
negligence i might esteem as atleast honest and frank; your course has been neither the one nor theother.
"you will receive this letter by seven this evening by special delivery.
you will print the facts concerning mccune in to-morrow morning's paper.
"i am well aware of the obligations under which your extreme efficiencyand your thoughtfulness in many matters have placed me.
it is to you iowe my unearned profits from the transaction in oil, and it is to youi owe the 'herald's' extraordinary present circulation, growth of powerand influence.
that power is still under my direction, and is an addedresponsibility which shall not be misapplied.
"you must forgive me if i write too sharply.
you see i have failed tounderstand your silence; and if i wrong you i heartily ask your pardonin advance of your explanation.
is it that you are sorry for mccune?
itwould be a weak pity that could keep you to silence.
i warned him longago that the papers you hold would be published if he ever tried toreturn to political life, and he is deliberately counting on my physicalweakness and absence.
let him rely upon it; i am not so weak as hethinks.
personally, i cannot say that i dislike mr. mccune.
i have foundhim a very entertaining fellow; it is said he is the best of husbands,and a friend to some of his friends, and, believe me, i am sorry for himfrom the bottom of my heart.
but the 'herald' is not.
"you need not reply by letter.
to-morrow's issue answers for you.
untili have received a copy, i withhold my judgment.
the morrow's issue--that fateful print on which depended john harkless'sopinion of h. fisbee's integrity--contained an editorial addressedto the delegates of the convention, warning them to act for the vitalinterest of the community, and declaring that the opportunity to begiven them in the present convention was a rare one, a singular piece ofgood fortune indeed; they were to have the chance to vote for a man whohad won the love and respect of every person in the district--one whohad suffered for his championship of righteousness--one whom even hisfew political enemies confessed they held in personal affection andesteem--one who had been the inspiration of a new era--one whose lifehad been helpfulness, whose hand had reached out to every strugglerand unfortunate--a man who had met and faced danger for the sake ofothers--one who lived under a threat for years, and who had been almostoverborne in the fulfilment of that threat, but who would live to seethe sun shine on his triumph, the tribute the convention would bringhim as a gift from a community that loved him.
his name needed not to betold; it was on every lip that morning, and in every heart.
tom was eagerly watching his companion as he read.
harkless fell backon the pillows with a drawn face, and for a moment he laid his thin handover his eyes in a gesture of intense pain.
"what is it?"
meredith said quickly.
"give me the pad, please."
"what is it, boy?"
the other's teeth snapped together.
"what is it?"
"what is it?
it's treachery, and the worst iever knew.
not a word of the accusation i demanded--lying _praises_instead!
read that editorial--there, _there_!"
he struck the pagewith the back of his hand, and threw the paper to meredith.
"read thatmiserable lie!
'one who has won the love and respect of every personin the district!'
--'one who has suffered for his championship ofrighteousness!'
_righteousness!_ save the mark!"
"what does it mean?"
it means mccune--rod mccune, 'who has lived under a threat foryears'--_my_ threat!
i swore i would print him out of indiana if he everraised his head again, and he knew i could.
'almost overborne in thefulfilment of that threat!'
it's a black scheme, and i see itnow.
this man came to plattville and went on the 'herald' for nothingin the world but this.
it's mccune's hand all along.
he daren't namehim even now, the coward!
the trick lies between mccune and youngfisbee--the old man is innocent.
give me the pad.
there are three good days to work in, and, by the godsof perdition, if rod mccune sees congress it will be in his nextincarnation!"
he rapidly scribbled a few lines on the pad, and threw the sheets tomeredith.
"get those telegrams to the western union office in a rush,please.
read them first."
with a very red face tom read them.
one was addressed to h. fisbee:"you are relieved from the cares of editorship.
you will turn over themanagement of the 'herald' to warren smith.
you will give him the mccunepapers.
if you do not, or if you destroy them, you cannot hide where ishall not find you.
the second was to warren smith: "take possession 'herald.'
this your authority.
publish mccune papers so labelled which h.fisbee will hand you.
the author of the curt epistles tossed restlessly on his couch, butthe reader of them stared, incredulous and dumfounded, uncertain ofhis command of gravity.
his jaw fell, and his open mouth might havebetokened a being smit to imbecility; and, haply, he might be, for helenhad written him from plattville, pledging his honor to secrecy with thefirst words, and it was by her command that he had found excuses fornot supplying his patient with all the papers which happened to containreferences to the change of date for the plattville convention.
andmeredith had known for some time where james fisbee had found a "youngrelative" to be the savior of the "herald" for his benefactor's sake.
"you mean--you--intend to--you discharge young fisbee?"
he stammered atlast.
let me have the answers the instant they come, will you, tom?"
then harkless turned his face from the wall and spoke through his teeth:"i mean to see h. fisbee before many days; i want to talk to him!"
but, though he tossed and fretted himself into what the doctorpronounced a decidedly improved state, no answer came to either telegramthat day or night.
the next morning a messenger boy stumbled up thefront steps and handed the colored man, jim, four yellow envelopes,night messages.
three of them were for harkless, one was for meredith.
jim carried them upstairs, left the three with his master's guest, thenknocked on his master's door.
"what is it?"
answered a thick voice.
meredith had not yet risen.
there was a terrific yawn.
slide it--oh--under the--door."
meredith lay quite without motion for several minutes, sleepily watchingthe yellow rhomboid in the crevice.
it was a hateful looking thing tocome mixing in with pleasant dreams and insist upon being read.
after awhile he climbed groaningly out of bed, and read the message with heavyeyes, still half asleep.
he read it twice before it penetrated:"suppress all newspapers to-day.
convention meets at eleven.
if wesucceed a delegation will come to rouen this afternoon.
they will come.
tom rubbed his sticky eyelids, and shook his head violently in a spartaneffort to rouse himself; but what more effectively performed the taskfor him were certain sounds issuing from harkless's room, across thehall.
for some minutes, meredith had been dully conscious of a rustleand stir in the invalid's chamber, and he began to realize that no meretossing about a bed would account for a noise that reached him acrossa wide hall and through two closed doors of thick walnut.
suddenly heheard a quick, heavy tread, shod, in harkless's room, and a resoundingbang, as some heavy object struck the floor.
the doctor was not to cometill evening; jim had gone down-stairs.
who wore shoes in the sickman's room?
he rushed across the hall in his pyjamas and threw open theunlocked door.
the bed was disarranged and vacant.
harkless, fully dressed, wasstanding in the middle of the floor, hurling garments at a bigtravelling bag.
the horrified meredith stood for a second, bleached and speechless, thenhe rushed upon his friend and seized him with both hands.
"mad, by heaven!
"let go of me, tom!"
"don't stop me one instant!"
meredith tried to force him toward the bed.
"for mercy's sake, get backto bed.
you're delirious, boy!"
i'm a well man."
"go to bed--go to bed."
harkless set him out of the way with one arm.
"bed be hanged!"
"i'm going to plattville!"
meredith wrung his hands.
"doctor be damned!"
"will you tell me what has happened, john?"
his companion slung a light overcoat, unfolded, on the overflowing,misshapen bundle of clothes that lay in the bag; then he jumped on thelid with both feet and kicked the hasp into the lock; a very elegantlylaundered cuff and white sleeve dangling out from between the fastenedlids.
"i haven't one second to talk, tom; i have seventeen minutes tocatch the express, and it's a mile and a half to the station; the trainleaves here at eight fifty, i get to plattville at ten forty-seven.
telephone for a cab for me, please, or tell me the number; i don't wantto stop to hunt it up."
meredith looked him in the eyes.
in the pupils of harkless flared afierce light.
his cheeks were reddened with an angry, healthy glow, andhis teeth were clenched till the line of his jaw stood out like thatof an embattled athlete in sculpture; his brow was dark; his chest wasthrown out, and he took deep, quick breaths; his shoulders were squared,and in spite of his thinness they looked massy.
lethargy, or malaria, orboth, whatever were his ailments, they were gone.
he was six feet of hotwrath and cold resolution.
tom said: "you are going?"
"yes," he answered, "i am going."
"then i will go with you."
"thank you, tom," said the other quietly.
meredith ran into his own room, pressed an electric button, sprang outof his pyjamas like aphrodite from the white sea-foam, and began to diveinto his clothes with a panting rapidity astonishingly foreign to hisdesire.
jim appeared in the doorway.
"the cart, jim," shouted his master.
"we want it like lightning.
tellthe cook to give mr. harkless his breakfast in a hurry.
set a cup ofcoffee on the table by the front door for me.
run like the deuce!
we'vegot to catch a train.--that will be quicker than any cab," he explainedto harkless.
"we'll break the ordinance against fast driving, gettingdown there."
ten minutes later the cart swept away from the house at a gait whichpained the respectable neighborhood.
the big horse plunged through theair, his ears laid flat toward his tail; the cart careened sickeningly;the face of the servant clutching at the rail in the rear was smearedwith pallor as they pirouetted around curves on one wheel--to him itseemed they skirted the corners and death simultaneously--and the speedof their going made a strong wind in their faces.
harkless leaned forward.
"can you make it a little faster, tom?"
they dashed up to the station amid the cries of people flying to thewalls for safety; the two gentlemen leaped from the cart, bore down uponthe ticket-office, stormed at the agent, and ran madly at the gates,flourishing their passports.
the official on duty eyed them wearily, andbarred the way.
"been gone two minutes," he remarked, with a peaceable yawn.
harkless stamped his foot on the cement flags; then he stood stockstill, gazing at the empty tracks; but meredith turned to him, smiling.
"won't it keep?"
"yes, it will keep," john answered.
"part of it may have to keep tillelection day, but some of it i will settle before night.
and that," hecried, between his teeth, "and that is the part of it in regard to youngmr.
"oh, it's about h. fisbee, is it?"
"yes, it's h.
"well, we might as well go up and see what the doctor thinks of you;there's no train."
"i don't want to see a doctor again, ever--as long as i live.
i'm aswell as anybody."
tom burst out laughing, and clapped his companion lightly on theshoulder, his eyes dancing with pleasure.
"upon my soul," he cried, "i believe you are!
it's against all mytradition, and i see i am the gull of poetry; for i've always believedit to be beyond question that this sort of miracle was wrought, not byrage, but by the tenderer senti--" tom checked himself.
"well, let'stake a drive."
"meredith," said the other, turning to him gravely, "you may think me afool, if you will, and it's likely i am; but i don't leave this stationexcept by train.
i've only two days to work in, and every minute lessensour chances to beat mccune, and i have to begin by wasting time on atussle with a traitor.
there's another train at eleven fifty-five; idon't take any chances on missing that one."
"well, well," laughed his friend, pushing him good-humoredly toward adoor by a red and white striped pillar, "we'll wait here, if you like;but at least go in there and get a shave; it's a clean shop.
you want tolook your best if you are going down to fight h.
"take these, then, and you will understand," said harkless; andhe thrust his three telegrams of the morning into tom's hand anddisappeared into the barber-shop.
when he was gone, meredith went to thetelegraph office in the station, and sent a line over the wire to helen:"keep your delegation at home.
he's coming on the 11.55."
then he read the three telegrams harkless had given him.
they were allfrom plattville:"sorry cannot oblige.
present incumbent tenacious.
no hope for k. h. but don't worry.
everything all right.
"harkless, if you have the strength to walk, come down before theconvention.
get here by 10.47. looks bad.
come if it kills you.
"k. h.""you entrusted me with sole responsibility for all matters pertainingto 'herald.'
declared yourself mere spectator.
does this permit yourinterfering with my policy for the paper?
decline to consider anyproposition to relieve me of my duties without proper warning andallowance of time.
the accommodation train wandered languidly through the early afternoonsunshine, stopping at every village and almost every country post-officeon the line; the engine toot-tooting at the road crossings; and, now andagain, at such junctures, a farmer, struggling with a team of prancinghorses, would be seen, or, it might be, a group of school children,homeward bound from seats of learning.
at each station, when the traincame to a stand-still, some passenger, hanging head and elbows out ofhis window, like a quilt draped over a chair, would address a citizen onthe platform:"hey, sam, how's miz bushkirk?"
"where's milt, this afternoon?"
"warshing the buggy."
then at the cry, "all 'board"--"see you sundayover at amo."
"you make milt come.
i'll be there, shore.
there was an impatient passenger in the smoker, who found the stoppagesat these wayside hamlets interminable, both in frequency and in thedelay at each of them; and while the dawdling train remained inert, andthe moments passed inactive, his eyes dilated and his hand clenched tillthe nails bit his palm; then, when the trucks groaned and the wheelscrooned against the rails once more, he sank back in his seat withsighs of relief.
sometimes he would get up and pace the aisle until hiscompanion reminded him that this was not certain to hasten the hour oftheir arrival at their destination.
"i know that," answered the other, "but i've got to beat mccune."
"by the way," observed meredith, "you left your stick behind."
"you don't think i need a club to face----"tom choked.
i wasn't thinking of your giving h. fisbee athrashing.
i meant to lean on."
"i don't want it.
i've got to walk lame all my life, but i'm not goingto hobble on a stick."
tom looked at him sadly; for it was true, and thecross-roaders might hug themselves in their cells over the thought.
forthe rest of his life john harkless was to walk with just the limp theythemselves would have had, if, as in former days, their sentence hadbeen to the ball and chain.
the window was open beside the two young men, and the breeze swept in,fresh from the wide fields, there was a tang in the air; it soothed likea balm, but there was a spur to energy and heartiness in its crispness,the wholesome touch of fall.
john looked out over the boundless aislesof corn that stood higher than a tall man could reach; long wavesrippled across them.
here, where the cry of the brave had rung in forestglades, where the painted tribes had hastened, were marshalled thetasselled armies of peace.
and beyond these, where the train ran betweenshadowy groves, delicate landscape vistas, framed in branches, opened,closed, and succeeded each other, and then the travellers were carriedout into the level open again, and the intensely blue september skiesran down to the low horizon, meeting the tossing plumes of corn.
it takes a long time for the full beauty of the flat lands to reach aman's soul; once there, nor hills, nor sea, nor growing fan leaves ofpalm shall suffice him.
it is like the beauty in the word "indiana."
itmay be that there are people who do not consider "indiana" a beautifulword; but once it rings true in your ears it has a richer sound than"vallombrosa."
there was a newness in the atmosphere that day, a bright invigoration,that set the blood tingling.
the hot months were done with, languor wasrouted.
autumn spoke to industry, told of the sowing of another harvest,of the tawny shock, of the purple grape, of the red apple, and calledupon muscle and laughter; breathed gaiety into men's hearts.
the littlestations hummed with bustle and noise; big farm wagons rattled away andraced with cut-under or omnibus; people walked with quick steps; thebaggage-masters called cheerily to the trainmen, and the brakemenlaughed good-bys to rollicking girls.
as they left gainesville three children, clad in calico, barefoot andbareheaded, came romping out of a log cabin on the outskirts of thetown, and waved their hands to the passengers.
they climbed on thesagging gate in front of their humble domain, and laughed for joy to seethe monstrous caravan come clattering out of the unknown, bearing thefaces by.
the smallest child, a little cherubic tow-head, whose cheekswere smeared with clean earth and the tracks of forgotten tears, stoodupright on a fence-post, and blew the most impudent of kisses to thestrangers on a journey.
beyond this they came into a great plain, acres and acres of greenrag-weed where the wheat had grown, all so flat one thought of anenormous billiard table, and now, where the railroad crossed the countryroads, they saw the staunch brown thistle, sometimes the sumach,and always the graceful iron-weed, slender, tall, proud, bowing apurple-turbaned head, or shaking in an agony of fright when it stoodtoo close to the train.
the fields, like great, flat emeralds set innew metal, were bordered with golden-rod, and at sight of this the heartleaped; for the golden-rod is a symbol of stored granaries, of ripesheaves, of the kindness of the season generously given and abundantlyreceived; more, it is the token of a land of promise and of bounteousfulfilment; and the plant stains its blossom with yellow so that when itfalls it pays tribute to the ground which has nourished it.
from the plain they passed again into a thick wood, where ruddy arrowsof the sun glinted among the boughs; and, here and there, one saw acourtly maple or royal oak wearing a gala mantle of crimson andpale brown, gallants of the forest preparing early for the octobermasquerade, when they should hold wanton carnival, before they strippedthem of their finery for pious gray.
and when the coughing engine drew them to the borders of this wood, theyrolled out into another rich plain of green and rust-colored corn; andfar to the south john harkless marked a winding procession of sycamores,which, he knew, followed the course of a slender stream; and the watersof the stream flowed by a bank where wild thyme might have grown, andwhere, beyond an orchard and a rose-garden, a rustic bench was placed inthe shade of the trees; and the name of the stream was hibbard's creek.
here the land lay flatter than elsewhere; the sky came closer, with agentler benediction; the breeze blew in, laden with keener spices;there was the flavor of apples and the smell of the walnut and a hintof coming frost; the immeasurable earth lay more patiently to await thehusbandman; and the whole world seemed to extend flat in line with theeye--for this was carlow county.
all at once the anger ran out of john harkless; he was a hard man foranger to tarry with.
and in place of it a strong sense of home-comingbegan to take possession of him.
he was going home.
"back to plattville,where i belong," he had said; and he said it again without bitterness,for it was the truth.
"every man cometh to his own place in the end."
yes, as one leaves a gay acquaintance of the playhouse lobby forsome hard-handed, tried old friend, so he would wave the outer worldgod-speed and come back to the old ways of carlow.
what though the yearswere dusty, he had his friends and his memories and his old black brierpipe.
he had a girl's picture that he should carry in his heart till hislast day; and if his life was sadder, it was infinitely richer for it.
his winter fireside should be not so lonely for her sake; and losingher, he lost not everything, for he had the rare blessing of havingknown her.
and what man could wish to be healed of such a hurt?
farbetter to have had it than to trot a smug pace unscathed.
he had been a dullard; he had lain prostrate in the wretchedness of hisloss.
"a girl you could put in your hat--and there you have a strongman prone."
he had been a sluggard, weary of himself, unfit to fight, afailure in life and a failure in love.
that was ended; he was tired offailing, and it was time to succeed for a while.
to accept the worstthat fate can deal, and to wring courage from it instead of despair,that is success; and it was the success that he would have.
he wouldtake fate by the neck.
but had it done him unkindness?
he looked outover the beautiful, "monotonous" landscape, and he answered heartily,"no!"
there was ignorance in man, but no unkindness; were man utterlywise he were utterly kind.
the cross-roaders had not known better; thatwas all.
the unfolding aisles of corn swam pleasantly before john's eyes.
theearth hearkened to man's wants and answered; the clement sun and summerrains hastened the fruition.
yonder stood the brown haystack, garneredto feed the industrious horse who had earned his meed; there was thestraw-thatched shelter for the cattle.
how the orchard boughs bent withtheir burdens!
the big red barns stood stored with the harvested wheat;and, beyond the pasture-lands, tall trees rose against the benign sky tofeed the glance of a dreamer; the fertile soil lay lavender and glossyin the furrow.
the farmhouses were warmly built and hale and strong; nowinter blast should rage so bitterly as to shake them, or scatter thehospitable embers on the hearth.
for this was carlow county, and he wascoming home.
they crossed a by-road.
an old man with a streaky gray chin-beard wassitting on a sack of oats in a seatless wagon, waiting for the train topass.
harkless seized his companion excitedly by the elbow.
"it's kim fentriss--look!
did you see that oldfellow?"
"i saw a particularly uninterested and uninteresting gentleman sittingon a bag," replied his friend.
"why, that's old kimball fentriss.
he's going to town; he lives on theedge of the county."
"can this be true?"
said meredith gravely.
"i wonder," said harkless thoughtfully, a few moments later, "i wonderwhy he had them changed around."
"who changed around?"
he always used to drive the bay on the near side, and thesorrel on the off."
"and at present," rejoined meredith, "i am to understand that he isdriving the sorrel on the near side, and bay on the off?"
"that's it," returned the other.
"he must have worked them like that forsome time, because they didn't look uneasy.
they're all right about thetrain, those two.
i've seen them stand with their heads almost againsta fast freight.
he pointed to a white frame farmhouse withgreen blinds.
"that's win hibbard's.
we're just outside of beaver."
elucidate beaver, boy!"
meredith, your information ends at home.
what do you know ofyour own state if you are ignorant of beaver.
beaver is that city ofcarlow county next in importance and population to plattville."
tom put his head out of the window.
"i fancy you are right," he said.
"ialready see five people there."
meredith had observed the change in his companion's mood.
he had watchedhim closely all day, looking for a return of his malady; but he cameto the conclusion that in truth a miracle had been wrought, for thelethargy was gone, and vigor seemed to increase in harkless with everyturn of the wheels that brought them nearer plattville; and the nearerthey drew to plattville the higher the spirits of both the young menrose.
meredith knew what was happening there, and he began to be alittle excited.
as he had said, there were five people visible atbeaver; and he wondered where they lived, as the only building in sightwas the station, and to satisfy his curiosity he walked out to thevestibule.
the little station stood in deep woods, and brown leaveswhirled along the platform.
one of the five people was an old lady, andshe entered a rear car.
the other four were men.
one of them handed theconductor a telegram.
meredith heard the official say, "all right.
i'll holdit five minutes."
the man sprang up the steps of the smoker and looked in.
he turnedto meredith: "do you know if that gentleman in the gray coat is mr.harkless?
he's got his back this way, and i don't want to go inside.
the--the air in a smoker always gives me a spell."
"yes, that's mr.
the man jumped to the platform.
"all right, boys," he said.
the doors of the freight-room were thrown open, and a big bundle ofcolored stuffs was dragged out and hastily unfolded.
one of the menran to the further end of the car with a strip of red, white and bluebunting, and tacked it securely, while another fastened the otherextremity to the railing of the steps by meredith.
the two companions ofthis pair performed the same operation with another strip on the otherside of the car.
they ran similar strips of bunting along the roof fromend to end, so that, except for the windows, the car was completelycovered by the national colors.
then they draped the vestibules withflags.
it was all done in a trice.
meredith's heart was beating fast.
"what's it all about?"
"picnic down the line," answered the man in charge, removing a tack fromhis mouth.
he motioned to the conductor, "go ahead."
the wheels began to move; the decorators remained on the platform,letting the train pass them; but meredith, craning his neck from thesteps, saw that they jumped on the last car.
"what's the celebration?"
asked harkless, when meredith returned.
"picnic down the line," said meredith.
"nipping weather for a picnic; a little cool, don't you think?
one ofthose fellows looked like a friend of mine.
homer tibbs, or as homermight look if he were in disgrace.
he had his hat hung on his eyes, andhe slouched like a thief in melodrama, as he tacked up the buntingon this side of the car."
he continued to point out various familiarplaces, finally breaking out enthusiastically, as they drew nearer thetown, "hello!
look there--beyond the grove yonder!
see that house?"
"that's the bowlders'.
you've got to know the bowlders."
"i'd like to."
"the kindest people in the world.
the briscoe house we can't see,because it's so shut in by trees; and, besides, it's a mile or so aheadof us.
we'll go out there for supper to-night.
don't you like briscoe?
he's the best they make.
we'll go up town with judd bennett in theomnibus, and you'll know how a rapid-fire machine gun sounds.
i wantto go straight to the 'herald' office," he finished, with a suddenlydarkening brow.
"after all, there may be some explanation," meredith suggested, with alittle hesitancy.
"h. fisbee might turn out more honest than you think."
harkless threw his head back and laughed; it was the first time meredithhad heard him laugh since the night of the dance in the country.
a man in the pay of rodney mccune!
well, we can let it waittill we get there.
there's the whistle that means we're gettingnear home.
by heaven, there's an oil-well!"
"so it is."
"and another--three--five--seven--seven in sight at once!
they tried itthree miles south and failed; but you can't fool eph watts, bless him!
iwant you to know watts."
they were running by the outlying houses of the town, amidst a thousanddescriptive exclamations from harkless, who wished meredith to meetevery one in carlow.
but he came to a pause in the middle of a word.
"do you hear music?"
he asked abruptly.
"or is it only the rhythm of theties?"
"it seems to me there's music in the air," answered his companion.
"i'vebeen fancying i heard it for a minute or so.
it's aband, isn't it?"
"no; what would a band----"the train slowed up, and stopped at a watertank, two hundred yards eastof the station, and their uncertainty was at an end.
from somewhere down the track came the detonating boom of a cannon.
there was a dash of brass, and the travellers became aware of a bandplaying "marching through georgia."
meredith laid his hand on hiscompanion's shoulder.
"john," he said, "john----" the cannon firedagain, and there came a cheer from three thousand throats, the shoutersall unseen.
the engine coughed and panted, the train rolled on, and in anotherminute it had stopped alongside the station in the midst of ariotous jam of happy people, who were waving flags and banners andhandkerchiefs, and tossing their hats high in the air, and shoutingthemselves hoarse.
the band played in dumb show; it could not hearitself play.
the people came at the smoker like a long wave, and warrensmith, briscoe, keating, and mr. bence of gaines were swept ahead ofit.
before the train stopped they had rushed eagerly up the steps andentered the car.
harkless was on his feet and started to meet them.
"what does it mean?"
he said, and began to grow pale.
"is halloway--didmccune--have you----"warren smith seized one of his hands and briscoe the other.
"what doesit mean?"
cried warren; "it means that you were nominated for congressat five minutes after one-o'clock this afternoon."
"on the second ballot," shouted the judge, "just as young fisbee plannedit, weeks ago."
it was one of the great crowds of carlow's history.
they had known sincemorning that he was coming home, and the gentlemen of the receptioncommittee had some busy hours; but long before the train arrived,everything was ready.
homer tibbs had done his work well at beaver, andthe gray-haired veterans of a battery carlow had sent out in '61 hadplaced their worn old gun in position to fire salutes.
at one-o'clock,immediately after the nomination had been made unanimous, the harklessclubs of carlow, amo, and gaines, secretly organized during the quietagitation preceding the convention, formed on parade in the court-houseyard, and, with the plattville band at their head, paraded the streetsto the station, to make sure of being on hand when the train arrived--itwas due in a couple of hours.
there they were joined by an increasingnumber of glad enthusiasts, all noisy, exhilarated, red-faced withshouting, and patriotically happy.
as mr. bence, himself the spoiledchild of another county, generously said, in a speech, which (with nooutrageous pressure) he was induced to make during the long wait:"the favorite son of carlow is returning to his lares and penates likeanother cincinnatus accepting the call of the people; and, for the firsttime in sixteen years, carlow shall have a representative to bear thebanner of this district and the flaming torch of progress sweeping on towashington and triumph like a speedy galleon of old.
and his friends arehere to take his hand and do him homage, and the number of his friendsis as the number given in the last census of the population of thecounties of this district!"
and, indeed, in this estimate the speaker seemed guilty of no greatexaggeration.
a never intermittent procession of pedestrians andvehicles made its way to the station; and every wagon, buckboard, buggy,and cut-under had its flags or bunting, or streamer of ribbons tied tothe whip.
the excitement increased as the time grew shorter; thoseon foot struggled for better positions, and the people in wagonsand carriages stood upon seats, while the pedestrians besieged them,climbing on the wheels, or balancing recklessly, with feet on the hubsof opposite wagons.
everybody was bound to see _him_.
when the whistleannounced the coming of the train, the band began to play, the cannonfired, horns blew, and the cheering echoed and reechoed till heaven'svault resounded with the noise the people of carlow were making.
there was one heart which almost stopped beating.
helen was standing onthe front seat of the briscoe buckboard, with minnie beside her, and, atthe commotion, the horses pranced and backed so that lige willetts ranto hold them; but she did not notice the frightened roans, nor did sheknow that minnie clutched her round the waist to keep her from falling.
her eyes were fixed intently on the smoke of the far-away engine, andher hand, lifted to her face in an uncertain, tremulous fashion, as itwas one day in a circus tent, pressed against the deepest blush thatever mantled a girl's cheek.
when the train reached the platform, shesaw briscoe and the others rush into the car, and there ensued whatwas to her an almost intolerable pause of expectation, while the crowdbesieged the windows of the smoker, leaning up and climbing on eachother's shoulders to catch the first glimpse of _him_.
briscoe and ared-faced young man, a stranger to plattville, came down the steps,laughing like boys, and then keating and bence, and then warren smith.
as the lawyer reached the platform, he turned toward the door of the carand waved his hand as in welcome.
"here he is, boys!"
he shouted, "welcome home!"
at that it was as ifall the noise that had gone before had been mere leakage of pent-upenthusiasm.
a thousand horns blared deafeningly, the whistles of theengine and of hibbard's mill were added to the din, the court-house bellwas pealing out a welcome, and the church bells were ringing, the cannonthundered, and then cheer on cheer shook the air, as john harkless cameout under the flags, and passed down the steps of the car.
when helen saw him, over the heads of the people and through a flyingtumult of flags and hats and handkerchiefs, she gave one frightenedglance about her, and jumped down from her high perch, and sank into theback seat of the buckboard with her burning face turned from the stationand her eyes fixed on the ground.
she wanted to run away, as she had runfrom him the first time she had ever seen him.
then, as now, he camein triumph, hailed by the plaudits of his fellows; and now, as on thatlong-departed day of her young girlhood, he was borne high over theheads of the people, for minnie cried to her to look; they were carryinghim on their shoulders to his carriage.
she had had only that briefglimpse of him, before he was lost in the crowd that was so glad to gethim back again and so proud of him; but she had seen that he looked verywhite and solemn.
briscoe and tom meredith made their way through the crowd, and climbedinto the buckboard.
"all right, lige," called the judge to willetts, whowas at the horses' heads.
"you go get into line with the boys; they wantyou.
we'll go down on main street to see the parade," he explained tothe ladies, gathering the reins in his hand.
he clucked to the roans, and by dint of backing and twisting and turningand a hundred intricate manoeuvres, accompanied by entreatiesand remonstrances and objurgations, addressed to the occupants ofsurrounding vehicles, he managed to extricate the buckboard from thepress; and once free, the team went down the road toward main streetat a lively gait.
the judge's call to the colts rang out cheerily; hishandsome face was one broad smile.
"this is a big day for carlow," hesaid; "i don't remember a better day's work in twenty years."
"did you tell him about mr.
asked helen, leaning forwardanxiously.
"warren told him before we left the car," answered briscoe.
"he'd havedeclined on the spot, i expect, if we hadn't made him sure it was allright with kedge."
"if i understood what mr. smith was saying, halloway must have behavedvery well," said meredith.
the judge laughed.
"he saw it was the only way to beat mccune, and he'dhave given his life and harkless's, too, rather than let mccune haveit."
"why didn't you stay with him, tom?"
i don't know him."
"one forgives a generous hilarity anything, even such quips as that,"she retorted.
"why did you not stay with mr.
"that's very hospitable of you," laughed the young man.
"you forget thati have the felicity to sit at your side.
judge briscoe has been kindenough to ask me to review the procession from his buckboard and to supat his house with other distinguished visitors, and i have accepted."
"but didn't he wish you to remain with him?"
"but this second i had the honor to inform you that i am here distinctlyby his invitation."
judge briscoe, miss sherwood will not believe that youdesire my presence.
if i intrude, pray let me--" he made as if to springfrom the buckboard, and the girl seized his arm impatiently.
"you are a pitiful nonsense-monger!"
she cried; and for some reasonthis speech made him turn his glasses upon her gravely.
her lashes fellbefore his gaze, and at that he took her hand and kissed it quickly.
"no, no," she faltered.
"you must not think it.
it isn't--you see,i--there is nothing!"
"you shall not dull the edge of my hilarity," he answered, "especiallysince so much may be forgiven it."
"why did you leave mr.
she asked, without raising her eyes.
"my dear girl," he replied, "because, for some inexplicable reason, mylady cousin has not nominated me for congress, but instead has chosen tobestow that distinction upon another, and, i may say, an unworthier andunfitter man than i. and, oddly enough, the non-discriminating multitudewere not cheering for me; the artillery was not in action to celebrateme; the band was not playing to do me honor; therefore why should i ridein the midst of a procession that knows me not?
why should i enthrone mein an open barouche--a little faded and possibly not quite secure as toits springs, but still a barouche--with four white horses to draw it,and draped with silken flags, both barouche and steeds?
since thesethings were not for me, i flew to your side to dissemble my spleen underthe licensed prattle of a cousin."
"then who _is_ with him?"
"the population of this portion of our state, i take it."
"oh, it's all right," said the judge, leaning back to speak to helen.
"keating and smith and your father are to ride in the carriage with him.
you needn't be afraid of any of them letting him know that h. fisbee isa lady.
everybody understands about that; of course they know it's to beleft to you to break it to him how well a girl has run his paper."
theold gentleman chuckled, and looked out of the corner of his eye at hisdaughter, whose expression was inscrutable.
"_i_ tell him!
no one must tell him.
he need neverknow it."
briscoe reached back and patted her cheek.
"how long do you suppose hewill be here in plattville without it's leaking out?"
"but they kept guard over him for months and nobody told him."
"ah," said briscoe, "but this is different."
"no, no, no!"
"it _must_ be kept from him somehow!"
"he'll know it by to-morrow, so you'd better tell him this evening."
you'll have a good chance."
"he's coming to supper with us.
he and your father, of course, andkeating and bence and boswell and smith and tom martin and lige.
we'regoing to have a big time, with you and minnie to do the honors; andwe're all coming into town afterwards for the fireworks; i'll let himdrive you in the phaeton.
you'll have plenty of time to talk it overwith him and tell him all about it."
helen gave a little gasp.
the buckboard stopped on the "herald" corner, and here, and along mainstreet, the line of vehicles which had followed it from the station tooktheir places.
the square was almost a solid mass of bunting, and thenorth entrance of the court-house had been decorated with streamers andflags, so as to make it a sort of stand.
hither the crowd was alreadystreaming, and hither the procession made its way.
at intervals thecannon boomed, and schofields' henry was winnowing the air with hisbell; nobody had a better time that day than schofields' henry, exceptold wilkerson, who was with the procession.
in advance, came the boys, whooping and somersaulting, and behind them,rode a band of mounted men, sitting their horses like cavalrymen, led bythe sheriff and his deputy and jim bardlock; then followed the harklessclub of amo, led by boswell, with the magnanimous halloway himselfmarching in the ranks; and at sight of this the people shouted likemadmen.
but when helen's eye fell upon his fat, rather unhappy face, shefelt a pang of pity and unreasoning remorse, which warned her that hewho looks upon politics when it is red must steel his eyes to see many aman with the heart-burn.
after the men of amo, came the harkless clubof gainesville, mr. bence in the van with the step of a grenadier.
therefollowed next, mr. ephraim watts, bearing a light wand in his hand andleading a detachment of workers from the oil-fields in their stainedblue overalls and blouses; and, after them, came mr. martin and mr.landis at the head of an organization recognized in the "order ofprocession," printed in the "herald," as the business men of plattville.
they played in such magnificent time that every high-stepping foot inall the line came down with the same jubilant plunk, and lifted againwith a unanimity as complete as that of the last vote the convention hadtaken that day.
the leaders of the procession set a brisk pace, and whocould have set any other kind of a pace when on parade to the strains ofsuch a band, playing such a tune as "a new coon in town," with all itsmight and main?
but as the line swung into the square, there came a moment when the tunewas ended, the musicians paused for breath, and there fell comparativequiet.
amongst the ranks of business men ambled mr. wilkerson, singingat the top of his voice, and now he could be heard distinctly enoughfor those near to him to distinguish the melody with which it was hisintention to favor the public:            "glory!
as we go marching on."
the words, the air, that husky voice, recalled to the men of carlowanother day and another procession, not like this one.
and the songwilkerson was singing is the one song every northern-born american knowsand can sing.
the leader of the band caught the sound, signalled to hismen; twenty instruments rose as one to twenty mouths; the snare-drumrattled, the big drum crashed, the leader lifted his baton high over hishead, and music burst from twenty brazen throats:             "glory!
instantaneously, the whole procession began to sing the refrain, and thepeople in the street, and those in the wagons and carriages, and thoseleaning from the windows joined with one accord, the ringing bellscaught the time of the song, and the upper air reverberated in therhythm.
the harkless club of carlow wheeled into main street, two hundredstrong, with their banners and transparencies.
lige willetts rode attheir head, and behind him strode young william todd and parker and rossschofield and homer tibbs and hartley bowlder, and even bud tipworthyheld a place in the ranks through his connection with the "herald."
theywere all singing.
and, behind them, helen saw the flag-covered barouche and her father,and beside him sat john harkless with his head bared.
she glanced at briscoe; he was standing on the front seat with minniebeside him, and both were singing.
meredith had climbed upon the backseat and was nervously fumbling at a cigarette.
the girl cried to him excitedly.
"i should be ashamed not to," he answered; and dropped the cigarette andbegan to sing "john brown's body" with all his strength.
with that sheseized his hand, sprang up beside him, and over the swelling chorus herfull soprano rose, lifted with all the power in her.
the barouche rolled into the square, and, as it passed, harkless turned,and bent a sudden gaze upon the group in the buckboard; but the westernsun was in his eyes, and he only caught a glimpse of a vague, brightshape and a dazzle of gold, and he was borne along and out of view, downthe singing street.
as we go marching on!"
the barouche stopped in front of the courthouse, and he passed up a lanethey made for him to the steps.
when he turned to them to speak, theybegan to cheer again, and he had to wait for them to quiet down.
"we can't hear him from over here," said briscoe, "we're too far off.
mr. meredith, suppose you take the ladies closer in, and i'll stay withthe horses.
you want to hear his speech."
"he is a great man, isn't he?"
meredith said to helen, gravely, as hehanded her out of the buckboard.
"i've been trying to realize for thelast few minutes, that he is the same old fellow i've been treating sofamiliarly all day long."
"yes, he is a great man," she answered.
"this is only the beginning."
"that's true," said briscoe, who had overheard her.
"he'll go prettyfar.
a man that people know is steady and strong and level-headed canget whatever he wants, because a public man can get anything, if peopleknow he's safe and honest and they can rely on him for _sense_.
itsounds like a simple matter; but only three or four public men in thecountry have convinced us that they are like that.
hurry along, youngpeople."
crossing the street, they met miss tibbs; she was wiping her streamingeyes with the back of her left hand and still mechanically waving herhandkerchief with her right.
"isn't it beautiful?"
she said, not ceasingto flutter, unconsciously, the little square of cambric.
"there wassuch a throng that i grew faint and had to come away.
i don't mind yourseeing me crying.
pretty near everybody cried when he walked up to thesteps and we saw that he was lame."
standing on the outskirts of the crowd, they could hear the mellow ringof harkless's voice, but only fragments of the speech, for it was ratherhalting, and was not altogether clear in either rhetoric or delivery;and mr. bence could have been a good deal longer in saying what he hadto say, and a thousand times more oratorical.
nevertheless, there wasnot a man or woman present who did not declare that it was the greatestspeech ever heard in plattville; and they really thought so--to suchlengths are loyalty and friendship sometimes carried in carlow and amoand gaines.
he looked down upon the attentive, earnest faces and into the kindlyeyes of the hoosier country people, and, as he spoke, the thought keptrecurring to him that this was the place he had dreaded to come back to;that these were the people he had wished to leave--these, who gave himeverything they had to give--and this made it difficult to keep histones steady and his throat clear.
helen stood so far from the steps (nor could she be induced to penetratefurther, though they would have made way for her) that only fragmentsreached her, but what she heard she remembered:"i have come home... ordinarily a man needs to fall sick by the waysideor to be set upon by thieves, in order to realize that nine-tenthsof the world is samaritan, and the other tenth only too busy or tooignorant to be.
down here he realizes it with no necessity of illnessor wounds to bring it out; and if he does get hurt, you send him tocongress.... there will be no other in washington so proud of whathe stands for as i shall be.
to represent you is to stand forrealities--fearlessness, honor, kindness.... we are people who takewhat comes to us, and it comes bountifully; we are rich--oh, we are allamericans here!...
this is the place for a man who likes to live wherepeople are kind to one another, and where they have the old-fashionedway of saying 'home.'
other places, they don't seem to get so much intoit as we do.
and to come home as i have to-day.... i have come home...."every one meant to shake hands with him, and, when the speech was over,those nearest swooped upon him, cheering and waving, and grasping athis hand.
then a line was formed, and they began to defile by him, ashe stood on the steps, and one by one they came up, and gave him heartygreetings, and passed on through the court-house and out at the southdoor.
tom meredith and minnie briscoe came amongst the others, and tomsaid only, "good old boy," as he squeezed his friend's hand; and then,as he went down the hall, wiping his glasses, he asked minnie if shebelieved the young man on the steps had risen from a sick bed thatmorning.
it was five-o'clock when harkless climbed the stairs to the "herald"office, and his right arm and hand were aching and limp.
below him, ashe reached the landing, he could see boys selling extras containing hisspeech (taken by the new reporter), and long accounts of the convention,of the nominee's career, and the celebration of his home-coming.
thesales were rapid; for no one could resist the opportunity to read inprint descriptions of what his eyes had beheld and his ears had heardthat day.
ross schofield was the only person in the editorial room, and there wasnothing in his appearance which should cause a man to start and fallback from the doorway; but that was what harkless did.
"what's the matter, mr.
cried ross, hurrying forward, fearingthat the other had been suddenly reseized by illness.
"what are those?"
asked harkless, with a gesture of his hand whichseemed to include the entire room.
repeated ross, staring blankly.
"those rosettes--these streamers--that stovepipe--all this blue ribbon."
ross turned pale.
he said, inquiringly.
he seemedunable to perceive the decorations referred to.
"yes," answered john; "these rosettes on the chairs, that band, and----""oh!"
he fingered the band on the stovepipe asif he saw it for the first time.
"yes; i see."
"but what are they for?"
asked harkless, touching one of the streamerscuriously.
"why--it's--it's likely meant for decorations."
john picked up the ink-well, staring in complete amazement at the hardknot of ribbon with which it was garnished.
"they seem to have been here some time."
"they have; i reckon they're almost due to be called in.
they've be'n upever sence--sence----""who put them up, ross?"
ross was visibly embarrassed.
"why--fer--fer the other editor."
you don't suppose we'd go to work and bother to briskenthings up fer that old gentleman, do you?"
"i meant young mr. fisbee--he is the other editor, isn't he?"
said ross, coughing.
"young mr. fisbee?
yes; we put 'em up ferhim."
did he appreciate them?"
"well--he seemed to--kind of like 'em."
"where is he now?
i came here to find him."
hasn't he been here this afternoon?"
"yes; some 'the time.
come in and stayed durin' the leevy you washoldin', and saw the extra off all right."
"when will he be back?"
"sence it's be'n a daily he gits here by eight, after supper, but don'tstay very late; the new man and old mr. fisbee and parker look afterwhatever comes in late, unless it's something special.
he'll likely behere by half-past eight at the farthest off."
"i can't wait till then."
john took a quick turn about the room.
"i've been wanting to see him every minute since i got in," he saidimpatiently, "and he hasn't been near me.
nobody could even point himout to me.
where has he gone?
i want to see him _now_."
"want to discharge him again?"
said a voice from the door, and turning,they saw that mr. martin stood there observing them.
"no," said harkless; "i want to give him the 'herald.'
do you know wherehe is?"
mr. martin stroked his beard deliberately.
"the person you speakof hadn't ort to be very hard to find--in carlow.
the committee wasreckless enough to hire that carriage of yours by the day, and keatingand warren smith are setting in it up at the corner, with their feeton the cushions to show they're used to ridin' around with four whitehorses every day in the week.
it's waitin' till you're ready to go outto briscoe's.
it's an hour before supper time, and you can talk to youngfisbee all you want.
he's out there."
as they drove along the pike, harkless's three companions kept up aconversation sprightly beyond the mere exhilaration of the victorious;but john sat almost silent, and, in spite of their liveliness, theothers eyed him a little anxiously now and then, knowing that he hadbeen living on excitement through a physically exhausting day, and theywere fearful lest his nerves react and bring him to a breakdown.
but thehealthy flush of his cheek was reassuring; he looked steady and strong,and they were pleased to believe that the stirring-up was what heneeded.
it had been a strange and beautiful day to him, begun in anger, but thesun was not to go down upon his wrath; for his choleric intention hadalmost vanished on his homeward way, and the first words smith hadspoken had lifted the veil of young fisbee's duplicity, had shown himwith what fine intelligence and supreme delicacy and sympathy youngfisbee had worked for him, had understood him, and had _made_ him.
ifthe open assault on mccune had been pressed, and the damnatory evidencepublished in harkless's own paper, while harkless himself was acandidate and rival, john would have felt dishonored.
the mccune paperscould have been used for halloway's benefit, but not for his own; hewould not ride to success on another man's ruin; and young fisbee hadunderstood and had saved him.
it was a point of honor that many wouldhave held finicky and inconsistent, but one which young fisbee hadcomprehended was vital to harkless.
and this was the man he had discharged like a dishonest servant; the manwho had thrown what was (in carlow's eyes) riches into his lap; the manwho had made his paper, and who had made him, and saved him.
harklesswanted to see young fisbee as he longed to see only one other personin the world.
two singular things had happened that day which made hiscraving to see helen almost unbearable--just to rest his eyes upon herfor a little while, he could ask no more.
and as they passed along thatwell-remembered road, every tree, every leaf by the wayside, it seemed,spoke to him and called upon the dear memory of his two walks withher--into town and out of town, on show-day.
he wondered if his heartwas to project a wraith of her before him whenever he was deeply moved,for the rest of his life.
for twice to-day he had seen her whom he knewto be so far away.
she had gone back to her friends in the north, tomhad said.
twice that afternoon he had been momentarily, but vividly,conscious of her as a living presence.
as he descended from the carat the station, his eyes, wandering out over the tumultuous crowd, hadcaught and held a picture for a second--a graceful arm upraised, and agloved hand pressed against a blushing cheek under a hat such as is notworn in carlow; a little figure poised apparently in air, full-lengthabove the crowd about her; so, for the merest flick of time he had seenher, and then, to his straining eyes, it was as though she were not.
and again, as his carriage reached the square, a feelinghad come to him that she was near him; that she was looking at him; thathe should see her when the carriage turned; and in the same instant,above the singing of a multitude, he heard her voice as if there hadbeen no other and once more his dazzled eyes beheld her for a second;she was singing, and as she sang she leaned toward him from on high withthe most ineffable look of tenderness and pride and affection he hadever seen on a woman's face; such a look, he thought, as she would wearif she came to love some archangel (her love should be no less) with allof her heart and soul and strength.
and so he knew he had seen a vision.
but it was a cruel one to visit a man who loved her.
he had summoned hisphilosophy and his courage in his interview with himself on the way tocarlow, and they had answered; but nothing could answer if his eyes wereto play him tricks and bring her visibly before him, and with such anexpression as he had seen upon her face.
it was too real.
it made hiseyes yearn for the sight of her with an ache that was physical.
andeven at that moment, he saw, far ahead of them on the road, two figuresstanding in front of the brick house.
one was unmistakable at anydistance.
it was that of old fisbee; and the other was a girl's: alight, small figure without a hat, and the low, western sun dwelt on ahead that shone with gold.
harkless put his hand over his eyes with apain that was like the taste of hemlock in nectar.
"sun in your eyes?"
asked keating, lifting his hat, so as to shield theother's face.
when he looked again, both figures were gone.
he made up his mind thathe would think of the only other person who could absorb his attention,at least for a time; very soon he would stand face to face with the sixfeet of brawn and intelligence and manhood that was young fisbee.
"you are sure he is there?"
he asked tom martin.
"yes," answered martin, with no need to inquire whom the editor meant.
"i reckon," he continued, solemnly, peering at the other from under hisrusty hat-brim, "i reckon when you see him, maybe you'll want to put akind of codicil to that deed to the 'herald.'"
"how's that, martin?"
"why, i guess maybe you'll--well, wait till you see him."
"i don't want to wait much longer, when i remember what i owe himand how i have used him, and that i have been here nearly three hourswithout seeing him."
as they neared the brick house harkless made out, through the trees, aretreative flutter of skirts on the porch, and the thought crossed hismind that minnie had flown indoors to give some final directions towardthe preparation of the banquet; but when the barouche halted at thegate, he was surprised to see her waving to him from the steps, whiletom meredith and mr. bence and mr. boswell formed a little court aroundher.
lige willetts rode up on horse back at the same moment, and thejudge was waiting in front of the gate.
harkless stepped out of thebarouche and took his hand.
"i was told young fisbee was here."
"young fisbee is here," said the judge.
"where, please, briscoe?"
"want to see him right off?"
"i do, very much."
"you'll withdraw his discharge, i expect, now?"
exclaimed the other.
"i want to make him a present of the'herald,' if he'll take it."
he fumed to meredith, who had come to thegate.
"tom, where is he?"
meredith put his hand on his friend's shoulder, and answered: "i don'tknow.
god bless you, old fellow!"
"the truth is," said the judge, as they entered the gate, "that when youdrove up, young fisbee ran into the house.
minnie--" he turned, but hisdaughter had disappeared; however, she came to the door, a moment later,and shook her head mysteriously at her father.
"not in the house," she said.
mr. fisbee came around the corner of the porch and went toward harkless.
"fisbee," cried the latter, "where is your nephew?"
the old man took his hand in both his own, and looked him between theeyes, and thus stood, while there was a long pause, the others watchingthem.
"you must not say that i told you," he said at last.
"go into thegarden."
but when harkless's step crunched the garden path there was no onethere.
asters were blooming in beds between the green rose-bushes,and their many-fingered hands were flung open in wide surprise that heshould expect to find young fisbee there.
it was just before sunset.
birds were gossiping in the sycamores on the bank.
at the foot ofthe garden, near the creek, there were some tall hydrangea bushes,flower-laden, and, beyond them, one broad shaft of the sun smote thecreek bends for a mile in that flat land, and crossed the garden like abright, taut-drawn veil.
harkless passed the bushes and stepped out intothis gold brilliance.
then he uttered a cry and stopped.
helen was standing beside the hydrangeas, with both hands against hercheeks and her eyes fixed on the ground.
she had run away as far as shecould run; there were high fences extending down to the creek on eachside, and the water was beyond.
she did not lift her eyes, but began to move away from him with littlebackward steps.
when she reached the bench on the bank, she spoke witha quick intake of breath and in a voice he scarcely heard.
it was themerest whisper, and her words came so slowly that sometimes minutesseparated them.
"can you--will you keep me--on the 'herald'?"
"keep you----""will you--let me--help?"
he came near her.
"i don't understand.
is it you--you--who are hereagain?"
"have you--forgiven me?
you know now why i wouldn't--resign?
you forgivemy--that telegram?"
"that one that came to you--this morning."
"did you send me one?"
"it did not come to me."
"but there--what was it about?"
"it was signed," she said, "it was signed--" she paused and turned halfway, not lifting the downcast lashes; her hand, laid upon the arm of thebench, was shaking; she put it behind her.
then her eyes were lifted alittle, and, though they did not meet his, he saw them, and a strange,frightened glory leaped in his heart.
her voice fell still lower and twoheavy tears rolled down her cheeks.
"it was signed," she whispered, "itwas signed--'h.
he began to tremble from head to foot.
there was a long silence.
she hadturned quite away from him.
when he spoke, his voice was as low as hers,and he spoke as slowly as she had.
"you mean--then--it was--you?"
"and you have been here all the time?"
"all--all except the week you were--hurt, and that--that one evening."
the bright veil which wrapped them was drawn away, and they stood in thesilent, gathering dusk.
he tried to loosen his neck-band; it seemed to be choking him.
"i--ican't--i don't comprehend it.
i am trying to realize what it----""it means nothing," she answered.
"there was an editorial, yesterday," he said, "an editorial that ithought was about rodney mccune.
did you write it?"
"it was about--me--wasn't it?"
"it said--it said--that i had won the love of every person in carlowcounty."
suddenly she found her voice.
"do not misunderstand me," she saidrapidly.
"i have done the little that i have done out of gratitude."
shefaced him now, but without meeting his eyes.
"i told you, remember,that you would understand some day what i meant by that, and the day hascome.
i owed you more gratitude than a woman ever owed a man before, ithink, and i would have died to pay a part of it.
i set every gossip'stongue in rouen clacking at the very start, in the merest amateurishpreparation for the work mr. macauley gave me.
that was nothing.
and therest has been the happiest time in my life.
i have only pleased myself,after all!"
"what gratitude did you owe me?"
for what you did for my father."
"i have only seen your father once in my life--at your table at thedance supper, that night."
my father is a gentle old man with white hair and kind eyes.
you saw my uncle, that night; he has been as good to me as a father,since i was seven years old, and he gave me his name by law and i livedwith him.
my father came to see me once a year; i never came to see him.
he always told me everything was well with him; that his life was happy.
once he lost the little he had left to him in the world, his only way ofmaking his living.
he had no friends; he was hungry and desperate, andhe wandered.
i was dancing and going about wearing jewels--only--i didnot know.
all the time the brave heart wrote me happy letters.
i shouldhave known, for there was one who did, and who saved him.
when at lasti came to see my father, he told me.
he had written of his idol before;but it was not till i came that he told it all to me.
do you know whati felt?
while his daughter was dancing cotillions, a stranger had takenhis hand--and--" a sob rose in her throat and checked her utterancefor a moment; but she threw up her head and met his eyes proudly.
"i am james fisbee's daughter."
he fell back from the bench with a sharp exclamation, and stared at herthrough the gray twilight.
she went on hurriedly, again not looking athim:"when you showed me that you cared for me--when you told me that youdid--i--do you think i wanted to care for you?
i wanted to do somethingto show you that i could be ashamed of my vile neglect of him--somethingto show you his daughter could be grateful.
if i had loved you, whati did would have been for that--and i could not have done it.
and howcould i have shown my gratitude if i had done it for love?
and it hasbeen such dear, happy work, the little i have done, that it seems, afterall, that i have done it for love of myself.
but--but when you firsttold me--" she broke off with a strange, fluttering, half inarticulatelittle laugh that was half tears; and then resumed in another tone:"when you told me you cared that night--that night we were here--howcould i be sure?
it had been only two days, you see, and even if i couldhave been sure of myself, why, i couldn't have told you.
i had sobrazenly thrown myself at your head, time and again, those two days,in my--my worship of your goodness to my father and my excitement inrecognizing in his friend the hero of my girlhood, that you had everyright to think i cared; but if--but if i had--if i had--loved you withmy whole soul, i could not have--why, no woman could have--i mean thesort of girl i am couldn't have admitted it--must have denied it.
andwhat i was trying to do for you when we met in rouen was--was courtingyou.
you surely see i couldn't have done it if i had cared.
itwould have been brazen!
and do you think that then i could haveanswered--'yes'--even if i wanted to--even if i had been sure of myself?
and now--" her voice sank again to a whisper.
"and now----"from the meadows across the creek, and over the fields, came a fartinkling of farm-bells.
three months ago, at this hour, john harklesshad listened to that sound, and its great lonesomeness had touched hisheart like a cold hand; but now, as the mists were rising from the waterand the small stars pierced the sky one by one, glinting down throughthe dim, immeasurable blue distances, he found no loneliness in heavenor earth.
he leaned forward toward her; the bench was between them.
thelast light was gone; evening had fallen.
"and now--" he said.
she moved backward as he leaned nearer.
"you promised to remember on the day you understood," she answered, alittle huskily, "that it was all from the purest gratitude."
"and--and there is nothing else?"
"if there were," she said, and her voice grew more and more unsteady,"if there were, can't you see that what i have done--" she stopped, andthen, suddenly, "ah, it would have been _brazen_!"
he looked up at the little stars and he heard the bells, and they struckinto his heart like a dirge.
he made a singular gesture of abnegation,and then dropped upon the bench with his head bowed between his hands.
she pressed her hand to her bosom, watching him in a startled fashion,her eyes wide and her lips parted.
she took a few quick, short stepstoward the garden, still watching him over her shoulder.
"you mustn't worry," he said, not lifting his bent head, "i know you'resorry.
i'll be all right in a minute."
she gave a hurried glance from right to left and from left to right,like one in terror seeking a way of escape; she gathered her skirts inher hand, as if to run into the garden; but suddenly she turned and ranto him--ran to him swiftly, with her great love shining from her eyes.
she sank upon her knees beside him.
she threw her arms about his neckand kissed him on the forehead.
"oh, my dear, don't you see?"
she whispered, "don't you see--don't yousee?"
when they heard the judge calling from the orchard, they went backthrough the garden toward the house.
it was dark; the whitest asterswere but gray splotches.
there was no one in the orchard; briscoe hadgone indoors.
"did you know you are to drive me into town in the phaetonfor the fireworks?"
"yes; the great harkless has come home."
even in the darkness he could see the look the vision had given him whenthe barouche turned into the square.
she smiled upon him and said, "allafternoon i was wishing i could have been your mother."
he clasped her hand more tightly.
"this wonderful world!"
"yesterday i had a doctor--a doctor to cure me of love-sickness!"
they went on a little way.
"we must hurry," she said.
"i am sure theyhave been waiting for us."
this was true; they had.
from the dining-room came laughter and hearty voices, and the windowswere bright with the light of many lamps.
by and by, they stood justoutside the patch of light that fell from one of the windows.
"look," said helen.
"aren't they good, dear people?"
"the beautiful people!"
