programs that help people with disability to maintain their housing tenancy can lead to more secure long-term housing arrangements and greater independence.
people with disability, especially those with severe or profound disability, are more likely than people without disability to receive their income primarily from a government pension, benefit or allowance
People with disability experience much higher rates of violence than people without disability.
These rates of violence are particularly high for women with psychological or intellectual disability, First Nations women with disability and young women with disability.
The evidence and information we received showed neglect of people with disability can occur in many different forms and across different stages of people’s lives.
We heard distressing accounts of people experiencing severe deprivation, including from a young age, and of people with disability dying as a result of gross neglect.
People with disability also shared with us experiences of both sexual and financial exploitation.
People with disability told us about positive changes that have made their lives better, and their confidence that together we can shape a society that recognises, empowers and values disability as part of human diversity.
We heard people with disability can be denied their right and freedom to make decisions, control their life and exercise choice.
People with disability described facing considerable barriers to access and inclusion. These included barriers to information and to quality settings and services, such as health care, education, employment and housing.
We also recommend existing legislation be amended to promote equality and enhance the right of people with disability to live free from discrimination.
We heard people with disability can be denied autonomy and access across a range of services, settings and areas of their life.
We heard that reforms to laws, policies and practices are needed to ensure people with disability can make their own decisions, with support as required.
Our inquiry has shown that people with disability are disproportionately subjected to substitute decision-making (such as guardianship orders) and restrictive practices (such as seclusion and physical or chemical restraints).
We propose reforms to promote supported decision-making and reduce restrictive practices. Laws must also be reformed to prohibit the non-therapeutic sterilisation of people with disability.
Disability advocacy plays a critical role in providing support and should be accessible, culturally safe and well-resourced. Informal supports, including family, friends and other social networks, should be valued and promoted.
People with disability can face barriers to accessing and interacting with information, products, facilities and services. We propose reforms to address these barriers, including increased access to skilled interpreters.
We also consider how to improve access to quality health care for people with disability, particularly people with cognitive disability.
People with disability are significantly over-represented at all stages of the criminal justice system.
We heard that children with disability in youth detention are at increased risk of and exposure to violence, abuse, neglect and exploitation, and future enmeshment in the criminal justice system.
The evidence suggests that existing diversion and early intervention programs are failing to reach people with disability when they come into contact with the criminal justice system.
Improving screening for and identification of disability in criminal justice settings is critical to make sure people with disability get the supports and services they need while in custody, and on their release.
For people with disability who are victims of crimes, alternative reporting pathways and approaches are needed to improve police response.
We heard that people with disability, especially women, experience more family and domestic violence compared with people without disability.
Violence against women with disability is often inadequately addressed in relevant policy, law and practice.
First Nations people with disability are uniquely marginalised in Australia and have challenges that are specific to First Nations people.
First Nations people with disability identified a lack of culturally safe disability services and supports across almost every system. There are also barriers to accessing the NDIS in remote areas of Australia.
Denial of or limited access to safe, inclusive, quality services and supports results in continued neglect of First Nations people with disability. Significant change is required to remove these barriers.
Reforms are also needed to address the over-representation of First Nations people with disability in the child protection system and the criminal justice system.
We heard harrowing evidence about violence, abuse, neglect and exploitation occurring in connection with the delivery of disability services. This particularly related to experiences in supported accommodation.
Disability service providers need robust and transparent policies and procedures to detect and respond to violence, abuse, neglect and exploitation.
All states and territories should have adult safeguarding laws, community visitors schemes, and an independent one-stop shop for reporting complaints, referrals and support.
We also concluded that every state and territory needs a scheme to review the deaths of people with disability, to address the fact Australians with disability are much more likely to have a ‘potentially avoidable death’ before the age of 65.
Nationally consistent reportable conduct schemes should operate in all states and territories to help prevent and respond to abuse against all children, including children with disability. These schemes should include disability service providers working with children.
The responsibility for building an inclusive society is shared by the entire Australian community. It cannot occur without fundamental changes in community attitudes and behaviours towards people with disability.
Advocacy by people with disability and disability representative organisations will also have a crucial role to play in ensuring our recommendations are accepted and effectively implemented, to bring about the far-reaching changes in laws, policies and practices so badly needed.
Changes to the shortage occupation list to significantly reduce the number of jobs where it will be possible to sponsor overseas workers below the baseline minimum salary (which is the main purpose of the list).
Social care workers will not be allowed to bring dependants (that is, partners and children) on their visa.
The minimum income normally required to sponsor someone for a spouse/partner visa will rise in stages from £18,600 to £29,000 and ultimately around £38,700.
Ministers believe that immigration is “far too high”.
The Home Office said in a press release that 300,000 of the people who moved to the UK last year would not have been able to come had these changes been in place then.
Of the potential 300,000 reduction, around 140,000 comes from changes to student dependant rules announced separately in May 2023 and in force since the start of 2024.
People applying for permanent residence (formally known as ‘settlement’ or ‘indefinite leave to remain’) after being on a spouse/partner visa are also required to meet the minimum income rule.
When applying for the initial visa from outside the UK, only the sponsor’s income can be counted towards the minimum income threshold.
In 1996, the Canadian Human Rights Act was amended to specifically include sexual orientation as one of the prohibited grounds of discrimination.
This inclusion was a clear declaration by Parliament that gay, lesbian and bisexual Canadians are entitled to "an opportunity equal with other individuals to make for themselves the lives they are able and wish to have [...]"
every individual is to be considered equal regardless of religion, race, national or ethnic origin, colour, sex, age or physical or mental disability.
Same-sex sexual attraction, sexual behaviour and/or relationships have been subject to discrimination (or discriminatory attitudes, actions, regulations and laws) in many societies around the globe.
It stands up for the protection and promotion of the human rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, 2-spirit and intersex (LGBTQ2I) people globally.
The human rights of all persons are universal and indivisible. Everyone should enjoy the same fundamental human rights, regardless of their sexual orientation and their gender identity and expression.
In order to promote and protect the human rights of LGBTQ2I persons, we engage constructively at both bilateral and multilateral levels to promote and protect the human rights of LGBTQ2I people
We consult and work closely with civil society organizations in Canada and abroad to advance the human rights of LGBTQ2I people
We support international assistance programming that seeks to advance human rights and improve socio-economic outcomes for LGBTQ2I people
We use bilateral and multilateral channels to call on states to decriminalize same-sex conduct
We support the work of grassroots LGBTQ2I organizations abroad
We condemn violence and discrimination that target individuals based on their sexual orientation and gender identity
The intergovernmental Equal Rights Coalition (ERC) is dedicated to the protection of the human rights of LGBTI persons. The ERC advances the human rights of LGBTI persons and promotes inclusive development in both ERC member and non-member countries.
Canada continues to encourage the sponsorship of refugees who face violence and persecution. We have been resettling vulnerable individuals, including those who are part of the LGBTQ2I community, for years.
This social security system supports these people by providing targeted payments and assistance. This includes working age payments (such as the JobSeeker payment), family assistance (such as Family Tax Benefit), rent assistance and payments for seniors, people with disability, carers and students
Age Pension is an example of a major income support payment that helps eligible people with living costs. As at 31 March 2023, around 2.6 million people aged 65 and over received Age Pension, equating to around 58% of the population aged 65 and over
Unemployment payments, such as JobSeeker and Youth Allowance (other), also provide income support. They are the main income support payments for working-age Australians (aged over 16 but under the Age Pension qualifying age) who are looking for work or earning under the income and assets threshold.
Welfare services are provided to people and families of widely differing ages and social and economic circumstances. Services aim to encourage participation and independence and can help enhance a person’s wellbeing
The need and demand for welfare services are mediated by informal supports and the availability of other services at community or individual levels.
Many find it hard to access affordable housing and there is a perception that current settings favour private investment in housing over community need.
Many stakeholders said there is less housing available for the community and so people are more at risk of homelessness.
People are struggling to afford a place to live, which makes more people vulnerable to homelessness.
This (homeslessness) was especially for people on income supports (like pensions and unemployment benefits) and is even more of an issue for vulnerable groups like older people and people with disability who find it harder to get work.
Some people who could previously afford to rent in their neighbourhoods can no longer access private rentals, increasing pressure on social housing and causing higher risks of homelessness.
A lack of housing was a particular issue in some regional areas where there is pressure from tourism and industries (e.g. mining). This means it’s more expensive and takes longer to build.
People coming into regional centres temporarily for things like hospital visits, sorry business and to escape natural disasters puts pressure on housing, causing people to live in overcrowded homes or to be forced into homelessness.
Focus on preventing and eliminating homelessness, instead of managing it.
People said we need a joint approach from all levels of government, industry and the community to prevent homelessness.
This includes early intervention and providing holistic services with housing, such as more mental health and substance abuse supports.
Provide higher housing subsidies for groups at risk. This includes young people, singles and families on low-incomes, older people and victims of domestic and family violence.
Work on getting rid of the stigma around homelessness. This includes using education and awareness programs with local campaigns that fit the needs of different communities.
Across the country, not enough funding is provided to homelessness services. This particularly relates to the length and levels of funding.
There are not enough crisis accommodation and support services to help with homelessness. This is a particular problem for supporting people with complex needs and in regional areas.
People with lived experience of homelessness said temporary accommodation can be unsafe. Often, there is a lack of basic facilities for cooking, showering and laundry.
Tailor homelessness support and services so people get the right help in ways that are culturally safe and accessible to them.
Longer term funding for homelessness services is needed. It should be flexible enough to respond to demand.
Focus more on early intervention services in homelessness policies and funding. This includes holistic, wrap-around services like financial counselling, and mental health and substance abuse supports.
Governments and communities need a better understanding of homelessness. This requires better data to be collected about where homelessness is a problem.
Governments should have clear strategies to build social and affordable housing quickly, in places where it is needed. We need more action and investment in social and affordable housing.
Require inclusionary zoning by putting rules in place to make sure all new developments set aside a percentage of land for social and affordable housing.
Set targets for social housing. All levels of government and private investors need to work together to reach the targets. This includes collecting and sharing data to see if we are meeting targets and to monitor where there are housing shortages.
Use housing models designed for younger people, like foyer models and youth shelters to effectively prevent housing insecurity.
Collaboration needs to happen at the local level to support community initiatives. This will improve how resources are directed to areas in need and makes sure housing is culturally relevant and sustainable.
There are some big obstacles in the housing system for First Nations peoples. People suggested that the rules and how they work are set up in a way that disadvantages First Nations peoples.
Give local Aboriginal and Torres Strait islander organisations more funding, training and support. They know the community best and should have more control of housing.
Design housing that caters for Culture, family and climate. Build larger homes that have areas for family to gather inside or outside. Think about the weather conditions.
Treat First Nations peoples fairly in our public systems. Make the rules and red tape in the housing system easier to understand so that First Nations peoples are not disadvantaged in the housing sector.
Many people raised concerns that the use of housing for private investment and commercial value, such as for short-term letting, is having a big impact on the price of housing and housing supply.
People are concerned that the surge of platforms like Airbnb is reshaping housing availability and making the supply of rental properties tighter.
Expand rental subsidies, including the amount and who is eligible for them. Put more rent-to-buy schemes in place and review First Home Buyer grants.
Governments could put in place policies to help reduce or stabilise house prices. People suggested this include consideration of rental caps and changes in policies for short-term letting, in particular.
People also suggested reviewing planning and zoning rules to allow more high and medium density developments as more supply may help to reduce prices.
Encourage community-led housing co-ops and developments. These models can mean sustainable and affordable homes because they use different types of housing
Involve communities in designing and planning housing developments to get better housing outcomes. Include diverse voices and involve different sectors like health and transport.
Educate the community about sustainable practices. People need to know about and understand what is available to make their homes sustainable.
we uphold the principle of family as the first line of support. However, some families struggle to provide care for vulnerable members, let alone adequate care that ensures safety and keeps members confident at home.
This is where support from the community is especially important. A strong support for the family lies in the community.
More services will continue to be provided in the community to support assisted living and ageing in place.
As mentioned in this year’s Budget, the goal of integrating seniors within supportive communities will take the form of the Community Networks for Seniors programme.
adult protection framework relies on strong support from both the family and community. However, there will be occasions where family and community interventions are not adequate, and state interventions are therefore necessary as a last resort.
Families will continue to be supported and enabled by community interventions to be the first line of care and support for those unable to care for themselves.
Personal care arrangements are often better put together through a collective decision by the family. The Act will only come in as the last resort.
Any exercise of power or duty sanctioned by the Act must be for the protection of the adult from abuse, neglect and self-neglect.
Where community intervention fails, the Act will provide powers that will enable swift protection of the vulnerable adult.
Good follow through of social interventions is also important. Such include the ability to safeguard the well-being of the vulnerable adult through court orders for medical and dental treatment if necessary for the care of the the person.
To give case workers the peace of mind as they diligently and dutifully carry out their practice, the Act protects anyone performing a function or who exercises powers under the Act from legal liability when they act in good faith and with reasonable care ie they act professionally and responsibly.
The Act is premised on the adult’s autonomy to make his or her own decisions providing for the Government to intervene only in exceptional situations.
The Act will however only be effective if the community continues to play its part in various ways. As a community, we must ensure the safety of vulnerable victims and support families in their care responsibility. Abuse of anyone is not a private matter and must not be tolerated.
Everyone - including family members, neighbours, grassroots leaders, employers and healthcare professionals - has a responsibility to prevent, interrupt and protect vulnerable victims from abuse. We must all step up to break the silence by reporting suspected cases of abuse, neglect and self-neglect.
In 1989, the Government of Canada asked the Royal Commission on New Reproductive Technologies to consider the latest medical developments in infertility treatment. Based on the ethical, social and economic issues linked to infertility treatment, policies and safeguards were suggested and developed.
the Government worked with health professionals, researchers, ethicists and individuals using or thinking about using assisted human reproduction to build their families to develop its approach to infertility treatment.
It is a crime to pay (in cash, goods, property or services), offer to pay or advertise to pay a woman to be a surrogate mother.
The AHR Act does not prohibit surrogacy itself, as long as a surrogate mother makes this decision for altruistic reasons.
The AHR Act does not criminalize a woman who agrees to be or becomes a surrogate mother. It is paying, offering to pay or advertising that consideration will be paid to a woman for surrogacy that is illegal.
Although paying a surrogate mother is a crime, a surrogate mother may be repaid for out-of-pocket costs directly related to her pregnancy.
This means it is illegal under the AHR Act to pay third parties to hire a surrogate mother. Examples of third parties include fertility clinics that match infertile couples with surrogate mothers.
Under section 6 of the AHR Act, no person shall accept consideration (anything given or promised in exchange for something, not just money) for arranging for the services of a surrogate mother, offer to make such an arrangement for consideration or advertise the arranging of such services
Under section 6 of the AHR Act, no person shall advise or persuade a woman to become a surrogate mother, or do any medical procedure to help a woman become a surrogate mother, knowing or having reason to believe that the woman is under 21 years of age.
In the use of AHR technologies, children's health and well-being must come first.
Using appropriate measures will help protect the health, safety, dignity and rights of people affected by the use of AHR technologies.
Because women, not men, are more significantly affected by AHR technologies, their health must be protected.
Commercial trade and abuse of the reproductive capabilities of children, women and men is, for health and ethical reasons, a crime.
Currently, Assisted Reproduction Technology (ART) centres in Singapore are not allowed to provide surrogacy treatment. We are still carefully reviewing our position on surrogacy,
Surrogacy is a complex issue with several ethical, social, health and legal implications.
Singapore’s public policy encourages parenthood within marriage. Consistent with this, we will generally not object if married couples with fertility problems apply to the Singapore Court to adopt their children born through surrogacy that is carried out overseas.
The Government does not encourage planned and deliberate single parenthood as a lifestyle choice.
As a matter of public policy, we do not support the use of Assisted Reproduction Technology (ART) or surrogacy by singles to conceive children and adopt them.
We also do not support the formation of same-sex families through adoption.
All adoption applications will continue to be assessed on a case-by-case basis. Besides factors concerning the child’s well-being, the circumstances surrounding each application must also be taken into account to ensure that the adoption does not go against public policy.
The government supports surrogacy as part of the range of assisted conception options.
It is a criminal offence to advertise that you are looking for a surrogate or willing to act as a surrogate.
It is a criminal offence for third parties (that is, not the surrogate or IP(s)) to advertise that they facilitate surrogacy, although there are some exemptions for not-for-profit organisations.
It is a criminal offence for third parties to negotiate the terms of a surrogacy agreement for any payment (for example a solicitor cannot represent IP(s) or surrogates in agreeing the terms).
The surrogate (and, if she is married or in a civil partnership, her consenting spouse or civil partner) will be the legal parent(s) of the child at birth.
It is generally accepted practice for the parties to a surrogacy agreement to estimate their expenses at the start, so that an agreed sum for expenses can be clearly recorded in their agreement and the payments can be spread over the course of the pregnancy if required.
If you use a surrogate, they will be the child’s legal parent at birth. If the surrogate is married or in a civil partnership, their spouse or civil partner will be the child’s second parent at birth, unless they did not give their permission.
