I couldn't care less if you don't come.
I couldn't care less if anything changes.
I'll be keeping my fingers crossed for you for the test.
My mom is keeping her fingers crossed for me for the competition.
I'm in the mood for pizza.
He was in the mood for a good salad.
Did he really do that? I can't believe it.
He can't really jump down from there. I can't believe it.
What he promised her wasn't exactly the greatest thing since sliced bread either.
The vacation wasn't exactly the greatest thing since sliced bread.
He copycatted his style.
He'd better not copycat it off of me.
The bratty children are acting up with the adults.
You certainly won't be acting up with me!
He completely gave me the cold shoulder.
The politician gave the people the cold shoulder.
After 10 years their marriage has hit the rocks.
It was clear that the relationship would break down.
He now has four decades under his belt.
The washing machine has been racked up 20 years of use now.
He would move mountains for her.
Faith moves mountains.
I've read the plans five times but I'm still out to lunch.
She didn't understand the joke because she'd got her wires crossed.
He fell off the horse and next thing he was pushing up daisies.
I wish you were six feet under!
The chemistry between me and my employer is just right.
For true love, there must be chemistry.
She definitely has skeletons in the closet.
I swear he has a skeleton in the closet.
The computer is broken; there's no chance in hell.
I can't talk to him; there's no chance in hell.
Don't be such a wet blanket.
She's behaving like a wet blanket.
I'll teach him a lesson if he doesn't cooperate.
He wants to teach you a lesson.
They argued and trouble was brewing in their house.
Trouble was brewing as I entered the school.
Stefan was the real mastermind behind the action.
Who is the mastermind behind it all?
He definitely has a skeleton in the closet.
He gives me the creeps because he's definitely got a skeleton in the closet.
Marie made a cuckold of him.
She got mixed up with the cuckolded married man.
The praise was music to my ears.
Such a great response from the public is like music to the ears.
We have to talk about the elephant in the room.
His question was like an elephant in the room.
Everybody was walking on eggshells to avoid hurting her feelings.
Everybody was walking on eggshells because nobody had the courage to speak the truth.
I don't know anymore. It's game over.
That's it: Game over.
You can go complain to city hall if it doesn't suit you.
Go complain to city hall!
Because he was new I took him under my wing.
Fortunately, she took the little boy under her wing.
It's all the same, whatever I say to you.
It doesn't matter which house you choose. They're all the same.
He got on my nerves so much that I threw him out.
Stop getting on my nerves like that!
We'll work it out.
We'll work it out together.
He had to live with the fact that she already had a child.
He simply had to live with the fact that there was bad weather.
We shouldn't get carried away and just wait for now.
You're exaggerating. Don't get carried away.
If you go this way, you'll end up going all over the place.
We don't have time to go all over the place.
Whoever you meet, everybody has their cross to bear.
You're not alone there. Everybody has their cross to bear.
You don't earn much, but every little bit helps.
Don't forget that every little bit helps.
It's like a dog's breakfast in here!
The dress looks like a dog's breakfast.
He has eaten a lot of crow to keep the peace.
One of the group will just have to eat crow.
He almost wet himself out of pure fear.
She wet herself at the sheer thought.
The journalist came under fire for his article.
According to the students, the teacher came under fire.
He took it easy at work.
He caught his employer's eye because he always took it easy.
Nobody can repair it. Even the experts are at their wits' end.
I don't know what else I can do to help you either. I'm at my wit's end.
He had to step in everywhere and act as a stand-in.
She would like to finally find a permanent job and not just always act as a stand-in.
She didn't even get the hint.
Do you need a hint?
We should let bygones be bygones.
If enough time passes, it can just become water under the bridge.
Markus felt like the rooster in the henhouse within the group.
You're definitely the rooster in the henhouse within the choir.
It can't have happened like that; that's so out there.
There's no truth in Petra's story; it's so out there.
Pia wanted to follow in her father's footsteps and carry on his practice.
He could not follow in his mentor's footsteps.
He had to take it easy so that he didn't burn out.
For Inge, it was time to take it easy.
You have a memory like a sieve; I have to tell you everything three times!
I don't know anyone who's that forgetful. He really does have a memory like a sieve.
The project is still in its infancy.
I can't tell yet because the project is still in its infancy.
He had an idea, but the realization of it was still in its infancy.
I can't envisage it yet because it is still in its infancy.
The fear is still under my skin.
The stress of the last few days is still under his skin.
I was lost for words.
I couldn't say anything; I was lost for words.
That makes my blood run cold.
The film made his blood run cold.
But you're comparing apples with oranges here!
That would indeed be the case if you compared apples with oranges.
We've got lost and are now in the middle of nowhere!
Why are you taking me to the middle of nowhere?
David had to take the rap for the mess-up.
He had done nothing and had to take the rap for everything.
It would be best if you kept a low profile.
He kept a low profile and hid.
Performance was great across the board.
The players were in top form across the board.
Don't put it on the back burner; do it now.
You're putting your chores on the back burner again.
By saying nothing you're letting them get away with it.
Phillipp is getting nothing and is letting them get away with it again.
This party is crazy; people party hearty here.
I would like to finally go to another party where people party hearty.
He's fed you a line; that's just not right.
I'm sick of him always feeding me a line.
If somebody doesn't do something soon, I'll be taking to the barricades.
He went to the barricades to realize that project.
You've left me in the lurch with your good turn.
You might have meant well but unfortunately, you've left me in the lurch there.
Things around my health are slowly coming out of the woods.
With my life, things are finally coming out of the woods.
I think we're finally out of the woods.
Martha seems to be over the worst of it as she's smiling again.
If you actually do that, I'll eat my hat.
If he gets in contact, I'll eat my hat.
He told her in a roundabout way that he wasn't interested.
He merely indicated to me in a roundabout way that it won't come to anything.
He'd had one too many so he couldn't find his way home.
It can't be that I've already have had one too many again.
Now we are in the thick of it!
I warned you but you didn't want to listen! And now we are in the thick of it.
I have been sweating blood watching you.
The new colleague was completely overwhelmed and sweated blood.
She pulled the rug from under my feet when she told me.
I felt as if somebody had pulled the rug from under my feet.
The buildings sprang up in just a few weeks.
These shopping malls really do just spring up.
My life was hanging by a thread.
Following the mistakes, his career was hanging by a thread.
Alcohol abuse is a recurring thread throughout his life story.
This element is a recurring thread throughout the fable.
The hat fits him like a glove.
They fit like a glove.
He took credit for other people's achievements at the party.
He took credit falsely by passing the work of others off as his own.
You can't sit on the fence; you have to pick a side.
Just make a decision already. You can't sit on the fence forever.
I'll knock on wood and hope that nothing happens to you.
I'm sure it will work; knock on wood three times!
The result is neither fish nor fowl.
He couldn't assess the situation because it was neither fish nor fowl.
I knew exactly what the crux of the matter was.
If we don't know what the crux of the matter is, we cannot take any action.
They fight like cats and dogs.
You won't be able to reconcile the two of them because they behave like cats and dogs.
You'll be skin and bones if don't eat more.
Have you seen how thin Bianka is? She really is skin and bones.
He's a big fish in the real estate sector.
The police have caught a big fish.
He doesn't have any money and is living on the breadline.
But you really don't have to live on the breadline now.
He threw in the towel and went home.
If you don't achieve success soon you should just throw in the towel.
He's definitely got something about him.
He must have something about him otherwise he wouldn't have been able to do it.
She was such a wallflower that nobody wanted to dance with her.
Do you really want to go out with a wallflower?
He knew what would happen and let him walk right into a trap.
I definitely won't be walking right into a trap with you.
You should definitely blow him off.
She had enough of him and blew him off.
The journalist had a good source.
Anybody who has a good source doesn't need to worry.
Siegfried hated being in the limelight.
He felt like he was in the spotlight when he was being questioned.
He always liked breaking ranks.
Don't always break ranks like that!
She definitely has a bun in the oven.
Have you gained weight or have you got a bun in the oven?
The sales figures have gone through the roof.
I hope the product goes through the roof.
She worked her fingers to the bone.
You become successful by working your fingers to the bone.
He's as ugly as sin.
Can't you see she's as ugly as sin?
The police caught the criminal in a covert operation.
He fled abroad in a covert operation.
I pulled an all-nighter and studied for the exam.
I was partying and pulled an all-nighter.
Once the horse has left the barn, there's nothing else you can do.
Don't wait until the the horse has left the barn.
Once I saw the job I was like a deer in the headlights.
I really didn't want to be like a deer in the headlights.
To the university, you're just a number.
He wanted to be seen as a person, not just a number.
He was involved in something dodgy.
There was definitely something dodgy going on.
He was a big shot in business.
He wants to be a big shot one day too.
I don't like this weather.
His mood was getting on my nerves.
If the chips are down, I'm emigrating.
I'll only apply there if the worst comes to the worst.
In soccer, goals are the icing on the cake.
The farm stores were the icing on the cake and made the excursion even better.
It really is like Sodom and Gomorrah here!
It's like Sodom and Gomorrah with you.
Sonja feels like she's "Mommie Dearest".
If I don't bake cookies, I'm seen as a "Mommie Dearest" again.
He lets others do the work and then takes the credit.
She did nothing herself but take the credit.
Anybody who jumps off there must have a screw loose.
He must have a screw loose; I'd never do that.
It will cost in the ballpark of 300 euros.
I can only estimate that with a ballpark estimate.
In the business world, the clothes really do make the man.
As the clothes make the man, you should dress better.
He finally got it.
As he read the poem, he finally got it.
They behave like two lovebirds.
They're real lovebirds though.
I've got a song stuck in my head after the night out.
My favorite singer's new song is so good it's stuck in my head already.
I need to just talk to you straight now.
Just talk straight instead of always beating around the bush.
I'm still busting my hump with homework.
The problem is extremely complex. Many people have already busted their hump with it.
It was hopeless. He felt like he was fighting a losing battle.
The project will fail as they're fighting a losing battle.
Anyone who invests in shares shouldn't put all their eggs in one basket.
You can't risk your entire life and put all your eggs in one basket.
Every person is different and you shouldn't tar everybody with the same brush.
The teacher tarred all the students with the same brush.
He's an old hand at sales now after all.
Talk to him, he's an old hand.
Since he won the lottery he's been living large.
I don't know if he should really be living that large.
Floor it, we've got to go!
If you don't floor it soon, we won't make it on time.
I'm glad he's gone because he was really getting on my nerves.
She seriously got on her nerves with all her questions.
I'll have to get everything out of you one way or another.
My mother is always complaining that she has to worm everything out of us.
He's playing hooky and cutting school today.
He's not going to work today; he's playing hooky.
She totally gave me the cold shoulder.
I just can't get over how she gave me the cold shoulder.
We only see each other on special occasions.
I see him very rarely, only on special occasions.
Stop getting on my nerves!
He gets on my nerves so much I can't see him anymore.
Let's get straight to the nitty-gritty!
When he gets back we'll get straight to the nitty-gritty!
Birgit has been chipping away at Monika for a long time.
The trainee tried to chip away at the employee.
If I have to pay all that, I'll be as poor as a church mouse.
I don't want to be as poor as a church mouse anymore.
She was on her last legs after the marathon.
Due to the economic crisis, many companies are on their last legs.
He's overstepping the mark by threatening me.
The negotiations failed because he overstepped the mark with his demands.
He had more get-up-and-go than Jakob and was able to win the race.
He only won the match because he had more get-up-and-go.
Is something eating away at you?
I think something is eating away at Michael.
He only just managed to get out of that one.
You need to get out of there as quickly as possible!
If we want to survive the quarter, we'll have to get out the chopping block.
Get out the chopping block if you want to save.
You should bite your tongue if you don't want to get angry.
Sigi just can't manage to bite her tongue.
She just knows everything. That's why we call her the "walking encyclopedia".
If you have a question, you can ask the walking encyclopedia over there.
His attempt missed the mark.
When you miss the mark like that, what do you expect?
The story is as old as the hills.
The jokes that he tells are as old as the hills.
The dog was probably up to no good because it hid in the dog house.
He must have been up to no good, otherwise he wouldn't have acted like that.
I would trust put my shirt on her.
Leon is acting so strangely that I wouldn't vouch for him.
She would give her children the shirt off her back.
I can't give you the shirt off my back too.
As he told me about the incident, I felt like I was in the twilight zone.
I have never seen the team do so poorly. I felt like I was in the twilight zone.
He has been in the business so long that he knows the way the wind blows.
If I knew the way the wind blows, I would have been promoted long ago.
She always talks a blue streak.
If you always talk a blue streak, no one will listen to you anymore.
It was immediately clear to me that Simon was up to something.
She was probably up to something.
Are you blind or do you really not see the hickey?
There was a car! Are you blind?
At every turn, he is on her side.
The dog accompanied him at every turn.
You are too young for that. You can forget about that.
He will not forgive you; you can forget about it.
We were only there for a bit and then we made tracks.
When he found out about the pregnancy, he did a disappearing act.
I can only put it to him in a roundabout way.
I already put it to Sonja in a roundabout way.
She's always on the road.
If you weren't always on the road, you would see your children more often.
She scoured all the stores for the present.
You can't comb every city for her.
She'll cry at the drop of a hat and weeps during every sad movie.
Be careful, she'll cry at the drop of a hat.
He would like to discuss the problem, but she just beats around the bush.
Stop beating around the bush and say what's eating you!
She buttered him up until he bought her a car.
You can butter me up as long as you like, I won't give in.
He still had the rose-colored glasses on and did not see how mean she was.
Can you please take off the rose-colored glasses?
If you want to lose weight, you have to overcome your inner couch potato.
It wouldn't be so difficult if you didn't have to overcome your demons.
The negotiations between the business partners did not get anywhere.
As long as I'm unemployed, we won't get anywhere.
In swimming, he couldn't hold a candle to him.
Since he couldn't hold a candle to her, they weren't on the same team.
He wore his heart on his sleeve and said what he really thought.
If you wear your heart on your sleeve, you will get hurt faster.
He cleared the way so his son could take over the company.
Sometimes it's just time to beat a retreat.
Sometimes it doesn't take much to get the ball rolling.
Jonas got the ball rolling so that the project could get started.
He promised her heaven and earth at their wedding.
Dubious business people often promise their customers heaven and earth.
Julia felt like the odd one out at the movies.
No one wants to be the odd one out.
The tide finally turned for Erwin.
Since things have finally taken a new turn for Sophie, she can now go shopping.
You've lost face because of this plan.
Watch out, otherwise, you'll lose face too!
After this negotiation, you need to wrap it up.
If you can't wrap it up soon, you will lose the customer.
She kept up appearances even though the marriage was long over.
How long do you want to still keep up appearances?
It would be better if you would shut up.
Shut up!
His speech took the cake.
His inappropriate comment took the cake again.
You're really being a Chicken Little here!
You don't have to always be a Chicken Little.
Get cracking on the task and finish it asap.
You better get cracking if you want to make it.
Get lost!
After the fight, he tried to make himself scarce.
Maybe you threw in the towel too early.
He threw in the towel and went home.
Bibi put on her birthday suit for her husband.
They would wonder if I were to bare all.
It's written all over your face that you're not feeling well.
It must be written all over my face that I would prefer to go home.
You can change jobs; I've got your back.
Without his wife, who always has his back, he never would have made it.
I'll sound him out later, maybe I can find out more.
You could sound him out.
The ravages of time have taken a toll on the castle.
The ravages of time are gnawing on the building.
He said goodbye without batting an eye.
He bore the pain without batting an eye.
She batted her eyelashes to impress him.
I only saw how she batted her eyelashes.
And then it suddenly dawned on me.
It suddenly dawned on him as he read the message.
She got cold feet before the wedding.
As he looked out of the plane, he got cold feet.
You should leave well enough alone.
Better keep your hands off this job.
Let's do something. We can't twiddle our thumbs all day.
You're just twiddling your thumbs!
She has her boyfriend wrapped around her little finger.
Don't let yourself get wrapped around their little finger.
I'm going to have a cow if you don't come home right now.
He always has a cow when the newspaper doesn't arrive on time.
The ice was broken between us.
To break the ice, she told a story from her childhood.
He coldly led me down the garden path.
If you lead me down the garden path, I will never forgive you.
He also puts his pants on one leg at a time.
They also put their pants on one leg at a time and aren't any smarter than we are.
He probably went off half-cocked.
If you go off half-cocked, you won't be able to make it.
If you continue doing what you're doing, the money will roll in.
That'll make the money roll in.
The die is cast and I'm going home.
After the apology, he closed the chapter.
The lady has a sharp tongue.
She has a sharp tongue and doesn't put up with anything.
The politician wanted to do something to bridge the social gap.
The social gap is widening in Germany.
He got his comeuppance for his behavior.
She will get her comeuppance for that.
Today we're painting the town red!
Carnival is the chance for many to really paint the town red.
He was fobbed off with a voucher.
Don't let yourself be fobbed off with a discount.
Nina had to wipe out her mistake.
The pests have to be wiped out.
He outstripped me in the race.
You have to outstrip your opponents.
Although she is already over 30, she acts like a teenybopper.
How can she act like such a teenybopper?
If you want to assert yourself here, you have to fight tooth and nail.
They are fighting tooth and nail over custody.
You really screwed that up.
Have you ever screwed up like that?
He was a textbook example of a model student.
He was a textbook example of being well-behaved.
You can go pound sand.
I don't want anything to do with him anymore. He can go pound sand.
I have to get my affairs wrapped up.
You should try to get your things wrapped up instead.
The song was an evergreen on the radio.
The movie, an evergreen, has already been in movie theaters for weeks.
To work two jobs, she has to walk a tightrope.
I can't walk a tightrope!
You're really on the ball.
Because he's so on the ball, he can solve the problem.
After the 3-0, the ship had sailed.
That's not true, the ship hasn't sailed yet.
He's real gutsy.
You had real guts when you climbed the mountain.
The relationship is shot.
I have never been so shot.
He pulled the wool over your eyes with the sale.
You only got the car because you pulled the wool over her eyes.
He had been so hopeful, but now his hopes have been dashed.
My hopes are dashed.
The artist has been a has-been for a while.
I've been a has-been for so long, that I can't remember that anymore.
He's always been my rock.
Her husband was a rock for her through the ordeal.
He will get his just desserts.
He was hauled over the coals by his mother.
He was baptized by fire today in the field service.
Elias has to be baptized by fire first.
I blacked out sometime during the night out.
I don't know anymore when exactly I blacked out.
You just have hare-brained ideas.
Lukas has really hare-brained ideas for building his house.
I don't dare say anything, but I've already caught wind of something.
My aunt always catches wind of something when she is out and about.
After singing, Petra had a frog in her throat.
Edmund has had a frog in his throat since he was so sick.
That's all baloney!
I don't have to listen to this baloney!
Men don't grow on trees where we are.
Do you think money grows on trees for us?
There was immediate chemistry between them both.
I unfortunately felt no chemistry.
Since she lost her job, Gabi is financially on her last legs.
My colleagues are already on their last legs from the sheer amount of overtime.
You have to step it up a notch if you want to arrive on time.
She must have stepped it up a notch if she is already finished.
She already sent her new boyfriend packing.
The soccer trainer has been given the boot due to his lack of success.
After many tournaments, it's do or die.
If it wasn't already do or die, I would be more relaxed.
Fritz always had to have the last word.
Is it so important to you to have the last word?
Whatever you do, it makes no real difference.
You can eat some bread or a roll, it makes no real difference.
No one gives a hoot about this artist.
I don't care, no one gives a hoot about it.
Today it's time to just kick back.
Steffi is always lazing away.
If that continues, then I'll be scared stiff.
He won't be scared stiff.
My heart ached as he said goodbye.
My heart ached at the funeral.
Do you really want the entire industry to go to the dogs?
What if the whole class goes to the dogs?
The comedian couldn't help but roast everyone.
Why do you always make fun of your girlfriend?
This is on me.
Roland readily took the blame for the failure.
After four glasses of wine, he saw pink elephants again.
Do you see pink elephants too?
The journalist got the artist to spill the beans.
You're not allowed to spill the beans around her.
Martin was henpecked.
He won't come today because he's henpecked.
I hate his guts.
I loathe him with a passion.
His behavior at the wedding was beneath contempt.
The screenplay for the film was beneath contempt.
She just can't sit still. She has ants in her pants.
She danced spiritedly to the Brazilian rhythm. She's got just the right spunk.
He stood up out of the Whirlpool and was as red as a lobster.
She has a bad sunburn and is as red as a lobster.
Whenever he sees his ex-wife, he sees red.
He regularly loses control of himself. Then, he just sees red.
We should broaden our horizons and think outside the box.
He's so narrow minded and simply refuses to look beyond the end of his nose.
Our business wasn't as successful as planned. We were in the red.
The bank is in the red and will probably go bankrupt soon.
She didn't have the money for a ticket and dodged the fare.
Dodging the train fare was a real thrill for the children.
Just let me copy you. Don't be a chicken!
Come on, do the prank with us. Don't be a chicken!
Bite your tongue. Nobody needs to know that story.
We're at a prestigious event, so bite your tongue.
He was always very picky and would pick and choose.
That's an emergency. For once you can't pick and choose.
Don't act so innocent. You're not squeaky clean either.
You can only do this job if you're squeaky clean.
We tried everything to heal the sickness, but no dice.
There's nothing to do about that. No dice.
People with a GED aren't stupider than you. Get off of your high horse.
Your mother-in-law doesn't seem to meet your expectations. Get off of your high horse.
For the whole break you've just been a couch potato and have done nothing.
The officials didn't do anything about it and just slacked off.
I caught Malaria while on vacation and now I'm stuck in bed.
The kid caught a virus in Kindergarten and is stuck in bed.
You are so sensitive. You can literally hear the grass growing.
They are jumping the gun and are suspicious of him before they know anything for sure.
Unfortunately, I can't lend you any money. I'm just keeping my head above water myself.
We're probably going to have to declare bankruptcy. We're barely keeping our heads above water.
We find it difficult to adapt to new situations. As the saying goes: Man is a creature of habit.
Man is a creature of habit and doesn't like going too far out of his comfort zone.
If you don't know how you should decide, then just find a happy medium.
A happy medium is usually the best solution.
We can't afford to just sit on our hands.
Do you think I became so rich by twiddling my thumbs?
I'll breathe a sigh of relief when I turn in my master's thesis.
She breathed a sigh of relief when the interrogation was finally over.
Many have already fallen flat on their faces with this idea.
He speculated it all away and fell flat on his face.
You're lucky. You're on equal footing with your boyfriend.
The game is only fair if the opposing sides are on equal footing.
The old lady sits at her window day after day and watches like a hawk that nothing escapes her attention.
You have to watch the shell game player like a hawk, or else he will take you to the cleaners.
It's time to finally get up. You know that the early bird catches the worm.
He always starts work early in the morning true to the motto "the early bird catches the worm."
After he and his wife separated, he was a picture of misery.
After the graduation ceremony, the child sat on the stairs like a picture of misery and didn't dare to enter.
He made a king's ransom with his startup.
You can make a king's ransom with this idea.
He meets a lot of women. He's a stud.
You think you're a real stud, huh?
My little brother bugs us with his requests. He wants everyone to go out of their way for him.
Can't you just be happy for once with what we suggest, or do we always have to go out of our way for you?
Her boyfriend's harmless flirting had the same effect on her as a red flag to a bull.
When someone doesn't have any table matters, it has the same effect on me as a red flag to a bull.
Slow it down a gear. You're driving like a maniac.
The people in this country drive like maniacs.
He made a killing with his startup.
Over the centuries, the family made a killing thanks to the patent.
I set my sights on a trip to Australia next year.
We should set our sights on this investment for next year.
When I noticed how others made a killing with cryptocurrency, I got all bent out of shape.
His mother got all bent out of shape by his laziness.
We are afraid of the boss's reaction, but we'll have to enter the lion's den.
Will you enter the lion's den for me? I'm afraid of his reaction.
He studied much less than me for the test and still did better. It made me see red.
His carelessness made me see red regularly.
Please stop talking. You're digging yourself into a hole.
During the trial, I dug myself into a hole with my careless chatter.
Look how he sashays down the catwalk. He is as proud as a peacock.
He thinks the world of his looks and success. He is as proud as a peacock.
Good grief. What have you done?
That's supposed to be my birthday surprise? Good grief!
If she doesn't like candy, then say it with flowers.
If you don't trust yourself to speak to her, then say it with flowers.
Don't sit with your back so twisted. You're sitting there like a knot on a log.
He behaved very badly at the table and sat there like a cat on a hot tin roof.
We really had a blast at the birthday party.
Do we want to hop over to the next bar and really have a blast?
They went to the buffet for another plate. They could eat a horse.
The kids stuffed themselves with anything they could at the birthday party. They really stuffed themselves.
When the manager arrived, who wanted to save the company, they really rolled out the red carpet for him.
They prepared a dignified reception for the president and rolled out the red carpet.
You look so glum. Do you have something on your mind?
Dear, what is on your mind?
She's growing innumerable kinds of vegetables in her garden. She really has a green thumb.
Your plants always die on the first day. You don't have a green thumb, do you?
Are you hungover? Yesterday, did you go three sheets to the wind?
At her anniversary celebration, she really went all out and had a few too many.
Don't give up. Give it another try. Rome wasn't built in a day.
You have to practice hard. Practice makes perfect.
Put on your rain coat. It's raining buckets.
We should cancel our vacation. It's raining cats and dogs.
He knows everyone in town. He's as famous as the pope.
You can't go undercover here. Here, you're a household name.
She has a fever and is laid up in bed.
When you're out of commission, you can't work.
After his separation, he didn't care about her anymore, and was as free as the saying "out of sight, out of mind."
She hadn't thought about her lost sister in a long time. Out of sight, out of mind.
At the carnival event, they really boozed it up.
Watch out, so that you don't booze it up like last time.
After the round table discussions, they waved the white flag.
If we want to settle this dispute, we really have to wave the white flag.
I slept so well that I'm ready to take on the world.
Right after your operation, you weren't firing on all cylinders.
It's unbelievable how well she won her game. She really knocked their socks off.
Did you really win the lottery? It blows my mind!
She made the company what it is today. She's the pick of the litter.
The student in the research group is the cream of the crop.
Have you seen how bad she looks after her operation? She looks like death warmed over.
After the celebration, the students looked like something that the cat dragged in.
My car has kicked the bucket.
The washing machine served faithfully for many years. But now, it bit the dust.
You don't have to hang your head. A five on a class test isn't really all that bad.
After her defeat at the championship game, she hung her head in shame.
She's so arrogant and stuck up about the customs and traditions in this country.
You shouldn't be so stuck up. You're no better.
We really don't know at all if we just came in first. Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
Now don't be so hysterical and don't go on half-cocked, before we actually know something.
Pigs will fly before I help you again.
It's easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than it is for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven.
Why she did that is a riddle wrapped up in an enigma.
How ever you could vote that man president is a riddle wrapped up in an enigma.
You're acting like a maniac. You're as mad as a hatter.
Are you out of your mind? You're as mad as a hatter!
I can tell there's something bothering you. What's eating you?
What's eating you? Have you used up all of this month's money again?
This book really got under my skin.
The president spoke of people's suffering during war. That really got under my skin.
The discussion was very heated, and you could feel that they were both fit to be tied.
I was boiling with rage when I had to put in overtime again because of a stupid mistake.
Over the years, my female co-worker has become dear to my heart.
I'm going to miss the students when I retire. They've really become dear to my heart.
Bayern Munich won again, I guess I backed the right horse.
Our new colleague is great, our boss really backed the right horse.
Her wedding is all my sister talks about. She's gone nuts.
When she's stressed out, she goes nuts.
I'm going to win the race; you can bet your life on that.
There'll be trouble if I ever see you here again. You can bet your life on it!
The boss gave the project the green light.
As soon as the customer gives us the green light, we can start building the house.
Are you not well? You're green about the gills.
He was green about the gills after the many miles on the road.
I don't want to step on your toes, but you should really revise your presentation again.
It ruffled his feathers when I told him my opinion.
She has been very sensitive recently, it would be better if you treated her with kid gloves.
The Easter eggs are very fragile, and it would be better if you only give them the kid-glove treatment.
As a good managing director, one should keep one's feet on the ground.
As a realist, I now keep my feet on the ground.
The guy who I met at the club? He's already yesterday's news!
Fall fashion is already yesterday's news in spring.
My little niece can walk now. She's just cute as a button.
Are the flowers for me? Thank you, you are just too sweet!
Do you want to take the bread from my mouth too?
Although they were at a disadvantage, the team did not let themselves be put over a barrel.
Clean your room right this instant before I fly off the handle!
If one more person tries to explain my work to me, I will fly off the handle.
My siblings have hated each other's guts since the huge fight.
The two have hated each other's guts since their school days.
It makes my blood boil when customers think they can do my job better than me.
My husband's behavior can really make my blood boil.
In his private life, the boxer is harmless; he couldn't even hurt a fly.
My mom is so nice; she couldn't hurt a fly.
Mom, what is there to eat? We're starving!
I haven't eaten anything since breakfast and now I'm running on fumes.
Even though the two of them got married, no one really gave a damn!
He should be famous? But nobody gives a damn about him!
You have to be careful what you say. She is a tough nut to crack.
I'm afraid of the new boss. He's a tough nut to crack
We got the short end of the stick now that we have to take on all of these problems, too!
Dad was fired? I can't believe my ears.
The love affair between the two politicians was blood in the water for the press.
In Rome, those travelling alone are good fodder to the countless pickpockets.
As the colleague from IT. He's a whiz at these kind of computer problems.
The director is in a league of his own when it comes to book adaptations.
Since my sickness, I'm not quite up to snuff
In today's game, the defense especially showed that they were pushovers.
At the Christmas party, the boss was three sheets to the wind.
When my husband came home yesterday evening, he was really plastered.
When she questioned him about the affair, she made him squirm.
The questions about corruption made the politician squirm.
His interest in foreign cultures started when he was a babe in arms.
Eating a balanced diet, starting when a babe in arms, is fundamental to good health in adulthood.
I haven't heard from my brother in ages. He seems to have vanished into thin air.
The child star vanished into thin air for a long time.
I have now beaten the bushes at five supermarkets and have not found yeast anywhere.
I have beaten the bushes at all the houses on my street, but no one has seen my lost cat.
You'll feel like you're in safe hands when driving in this car.
Don't worry, I will take care of your dog. He will be in safe hands with me.
Free at last! Today, I am going to paint the town red again with my friends.
You have been working so hard these past few months. You should go out again and paint the town red with your friends.
Look at my new car. My buddy sold it to me for peanuts.
Mr. Meier has to close down his store and is now selling everything for peanuts.
Am I supposed to come up with the money for the trip out of thin air?
Our colleague did not prepare this convincing presentation, but just did it off the cuff.
The dog watches over her puppies like a hawk.
She watches her boyfriend like a hawk at the party; he is not even allowed to talk to other women.
I get the feeling that you just do not give a damn about the wedding preparations.
Unfortunately, Germans often just do not give a damn about what happens in other countries.
My final exam is next week and I am already shaking in my shoes.
When the boxer saw his opponent, he started shaking in his boots.
I have drawn the short straw and will have to work the night shift again.
You've drawn the short straw, mom says you have to clean the bathroom today.
As they say, in the eyes of the law, the law never sleeps.
In the eyes of the law, repeat offenders face particularly severe penalties for even minor offenses.
My brother has cast his eyes on his new colleague.
I have been casting my eye on this handbag for years and now I can finally afford it.
Many people lay waste to restrooms.
The motorist wreaked havoc on the road, which is why the police officers stopped him.
If we have to work even more overtime, the boss will have to count on all of us digging our heels in.
The government has dug its heels in and prohibited imports from this country.
When he looks deeply into my eyes and says he loves me that really sets my teeth on edge.
Whenever I watch this movie, it makes me cry. It really sets my teeth on edge.
Come on, let's wet our whistles, and then go home.
He wets his whistle every weekend. So, if he's not an alcoholic, then I don't know who is.
You shouldn't let your opponent buffalo you so easily.
The party is not going to allow itself to be buffaloed by the opposition.
My new co-worker is as dumb as a bag of hammers. She actually printed out an email to fax it to a customer.
Now, don't all pretend to be as dumb as a bag of hammers. You all know exactly who created this mess.
I give you my word that you will easily pass this exam.
Their marriage won't last a year; as sure as God made little green apples!
Even though you have won every game so far, you had better lower your sights.
Due to the strict cost-cutting measures, we will have to lower our sights as a corporation over the next few months.
Our two colleagues are standing in the kitchen yacking their heads off. It's unbearable!
My son is now two and has recently started talking a mile a minute.
I've already written four pages of my novel today, it's really running like clockwork!
In this tournament, things are really running without a hitch for the German soccer team.
The politician gleefully rubbed his political opponent's nose in his victory.
I find it troubling that you immediately had to rub everyone's nose in the fact that you got a raise.
The pressure on Russia is increasing, the West is putting the screws to the country.
The boss is putting the screws to all the employees; no one can take any more vacation until August.
First, I lost my job and now the water pipe burst as well. This month I'm in deep water.
We will unfortunately have to skip out on our vacation if these will be trying times.
I practiced the dance for weeks and now I have it down pat.
During the test, you have to have that down pat!
You still haven't finished the presentation? Now it's high time to do so!
My son urgently needs to use the restroom. I think it's now high time.
Alcoholism is a common thread throughout his family history.
Racism is a common thread throughout the history of humanity.
The runners were wiped out after the marathon.
He's always wiped out after work.
Don't ramble like that but talk turkey with me.
Talking turkey does not appear to be the lecturer's strong suit.
Our risky investment actually bore fruit.
It took a lot of hard work, but our efforts finally bore fruit.
The two countries aren't on good terms with one another.
Our manager is not on good terms with the labor union leader.
He wants to call the tune, but he'll always only be a lackey.
If you can't overcome your cowardice, you'll never call the tune.
He wanted to buy an expensive new car but in terms of his wife, he was getting nowhere.
Yes, you've been here for ten years now, and you are welcome to ask the boss for a raise, but you will just be banging your head against a wall.
The presentation had already been going for half an hour before the audience finally had a lightbulb moment and understood what he was talking about.
My daughter was never really good in math, but now she has had a lightbulb moment, and she never scores any worse than "good" on tests.
Judging by the bunk that he's talking, he's probably not playing with a full deck.
The daughter was not playing with a full deck, so she would never achieve anything.
Don't take this the wrong way, but please, let's talk about your behavior.
The boss took the criticism the wrong way and actually did fire them all.
He got her so up in arms that she actually broke his nose.
It was no surprise that he was in a fury when he found out about the mess.
We see her heading to the casino so often, that sooner or later she's going to gamble away the roof over her head.
Yes, with his addiction he gambled away the roof over his head, and now they're sitting in the street with their kids.
Why do you want all that money? You can't take it with you.
It's about time someone taught those guys at the stock exchange that you can't take it with you.
The hell with that piece of crap, it doesn't work anyway!
Ah, the heck with you and your empty promises!
I do understand that I've insulted you, but you don't have to go and spout off for everyone to hear.
The woman next door spouted off so loudly at her good-for-nothing husband that she woke the whole neighborhood.
I've had enough of your nagging finally. Kindly get lost!
Whenever she's around, the mood is bad, and everybody wishes she'd get lost.
The company is doing really well, so in terms of salary everyone has it made.
She distinguished herself with her performance and now she has it made.
I always thought that he always took a gamble with his unconsidered investments.
With her overly honest remarks she's certainly taking her chances with the boss.
With this inflation, such a puny raise is a drop in the bucket.
If you consider your health condition, any treatment seems like a drop in the ocean.
We all agreed, but one must always go against the grain.
If you always go against the grain, soon you'll have no friends.
She only got her job because of the way she always puts herself in the spotlight.
I can't stand people who toot their own horn and then don't accomplish anything.
Now that we have the wind in our sails, we should focus on bigger goals.
The past fiscal period was favorable, and the country really has the wind in its sails.
That puts the partnership with our competitor off the table for once and for all.
The plan is off the table. We have to think up something else.
The flu is very persistent. We'll have to bring out the big guns for you to get well.
We have to bring out the big guns to convince her that investing in schools is absolutely necessary.
The project wasn't successful. It was a flop.
The police operation in the drug scene was a flop. It did not deliver the desired outcome.
Our vacation is a complete disaster. It's raining cats and dogs.
We can forget about the trip to the woods. It's raining cats and dogs.
It's raining a lot outside. You could almost even say it's raining buckets.
It's real April weather. It's raining buckets.
Look at that nasty weather outside. It's not fit for man or beast.
On Saturday we are supposed to get nasty weather.
War, severe weather, a pandemic... it's enough to drive one mad.
The prices are constantly increasing. It's enough to drive one mad!
The air in this room is incredibly stuffy. There's a terrible fug.
Many drivers, who are sitting in traffic, don't turn off their engines. There's a terrible fug.
He smokes one cigarette after another. Yuck! It's enough to put anyone off.
Her hysterical nature is enough to put anyone off.
The volcanic eruption may have been last week but it's still as hot as a sauna here.
Since climate change has become noticeable, even at our latitude it's as hot as a sauna in summer.
We asked if they arrived safely at their vacation destination. They said everything was hunky-dory.
His health is all hunky-dory again after the operation.
What happened here? It's gone haywire.
During the summer sale in the department store, everything is upside down.
Wow! What are you up to? Things are getting heated up between you two.
Things got heated during the chase at the car race.
It went down at the children's birthday party.
When she found out that he broke her car, there was the devil to pay.
We were over the move as we finished first.
You won the lottery? You must be over the moon, right?
You won't lose face if you help me with the housework every now and then.
You won't lose face if you apologize to him.
This telephone call was difficult. She talked my ear off again.
Don't let the kids talk your ear off again.
In the heat of the moment, we forgot to take our luggage with us.
In the heat of the moment, the best parts of my presentation got lost.
What do you want from me? That's impossible! Were you dropped on your head as a baby?
Do you think that we can finish that in no time at all? You must have been dropped on your head as a baby.
The city was completely bombed out during the war. It was reduced to rubble.
The wrecking ball reduced everything to rubble.
You look so upset. Who rained on your parade?
During the competition on Saturday, we will rain on our opponent's parade.
We should toss old-fashioned customs to the wind.
You can toss this plan to the wind. It makes no sense.
The manager likes to go against the tide and is very successful because of it.
Just go against the tide this once and see what happens.
You should just jump in at the deep end and try the new method out.
They just jumped in at the deep end and were successful because of it.
As we saw the hotel buffet, our mouths literally started to water.
When the children think about lunch in the cafeteria, their mouths start to water.
We were at the train station at the last minute. The train nearly left without us.
She always gets to class at the last minute. The teachers are already annoyed.
He and his friends painted the town red at the bachelor party.
Hey everyone, we're still young! Let's go paint the town red.
You want to be clever? You must be joking.
Your son wants to go to university? You must be joking.
The party was on fire.
People party hearty not just in Berlin, but in other big cities.
Your music is seriously getting on my nerves.
The kids' caterwauling is getting on the teacher's nerves.
You can kiss your birthday party goodbye, my friend!
You can kiss the reward goodbye.
Now come on and hurry up. Life is not a bed of roses.
Well, my friend, you'll have to get used to life's hardships. Life is not a bed of roses.
Well, they've certainly pulled your leg with that story.
Are you trying to pull our leg? That is very far-fetched.
If you make another mistake, you can pack your things and receive a pink slip.
Take your pink slip and leave.
The roof will definitely be on fire at the party tonight.
You have to stay cool, even when trouble's brewing.
If you continue to insult me, I'll throw in the towel and leave.
She had to throw in the towel after the unsuccessful negotiations.
She has a knack for stock trading and has already made quite a bit of money with stocks.
She has a knack for dealing with troubled teens.
When I cook for my family, someone always wants to get special treatment.
The state always wants to get special treatment and move summer vacation to August and September.
Do you have ants in your pants or why can't you sit still for a moment?
Since he's been in love, he jumps around like he has ants in his pants.
My brother is absolutely devastated. He finally worked up the courage to talk to his dream woman and got the brush-off.
I asked three women to dance and got the brush-off each time.
You really should keep cool and approach the issue calmly.
If you witness an accident, you need to keep cool and act quickly.
He recently gave up his job after 20 years in the company.
He gave up his uniform and now works as a civilian.
You shouldn't take the final school exam so lightly. Your whole future could depend on it!
The wedding is very important to me and you're just taking everything lightly!
The new colleague is a genius. He just pulled this marketing concept out of a hat!
The city can't just pull the expenses for renovating the roads out of a hat.
We can change the book title again. It's not yet set in stone.
Is that set in stone already or can we still change it?
He's been in seventh heaven since he met her.
I was struck by cupid's bow the first time I saw him.
We spent our vacation last year in a mountain cabin in the middle of nowhere.
As a young adult, I couldn't stand it anymore to live out in the sticks and I moved to the city after graduating from school.
He's been living high on the hog since his novel landed on the top of the bestseller lists.
During our honeymoon, we don't want to think about money but live high on the hog.
I haven't even spoken with the boss yet and the project should slowly get moving now.
The actress's career really took off after this film.
I know my kids will ask me for something soon when they butter me up.
Politicians butter citizens up right before every election.
You made a fool out of me when you forced me to sing in the karaoke bar.
Her complaint made her look like a fool in front of all her coworkers.
The company had to take a hammering because of the tax increase.
The construction sector hardly took a hammering in comparison to during the crises.
You should cautiously ask your boss about a raise and not just spring it on him.
I'm sorry that I just sprung it on you but you had to urgently lend me money.
You want to go biking in this weather? You're not playing with a full deck!
I'm supposed to help you after what you did to me? You're not playing with a full deck!
At his parent's house, he leads the life of Riley and has no plans of moving out.
With your salary, you can lead the life of Riley in Portugal.
Using mnemonics helps me remember everything better.
I need a mnemonic so that I can remember it.
Today, we received our school tests back. The results were beneath contempt.
His behavior at the reception was beneath contempt.
After the celebration, they left as quietly as a mouse.
He simply left quietly as a mouse.
He never cheated on her. It was the other way around.
They accuse the indigenous of instigating the war. But it is rather the other way around.
Take your brother with you on vacation so that he can make sure that you don't land in the gutter.
The team was bowled over 5-0 by the leaders of the league.
She has always set her sights high and reached for the stars.
The student is very ambitious and reaches for the stars.
That story stank from start to end. Don't spew nonsense.
Don't spew nonsense. The train doesn't come until 9, not at 8.
At her grandma's funeral she cried her eyes out.
They were so upset by the number of earthquake victims that they cried their eyes out.
The children were dirty from head to toe. Their mother read them the riot act.
The teacher was so angry about their behavior and read them the riot act.
I was traveling all day without eating, and I could eat a horse.
The Survival Trip is nice and all, but for days now I could eat a horse.
The bank hit the jackpot with that oligarch.
The police hit the jackpot with that mafia boss.
I have to admit my mistake to my boss and bite the bullet.
My term paper wasn't finished. I had to bite the bullet and go into the professor's office.
Don't bury the lead - what did you actually do?
Don't bury the lead. Quit beating around the bush and come to the point.
The whole ordeal is our fault, there's no getting around it.
Nothing can be done about it, there's no getting around it.
We just came from the parade, it's hog wild there.
It was hog wild at his 50th birthday.
We found the cause of the disruption. That's the heart of the matter.
He discerned the main point. So that's the heart of the matter.
You say that I'm not a good student. Thanks for nothing
You really bashed me in that press conference, thanks for nothing.
He's a real Gigolo, and wins hearts too.
The opera singer won the audience's hearts.
The woman wears the pants in their house.
One person usually wears the pants in the relationship.
The countries don't agree about the law. It needs to be decided at the negotiating table.
I caught the flu and now I'm totally out of commission.
The students drank one schnaps too many and were out of commission the next day.
The kid is so shameless. It's unbelievable!
Your constant excuses are beyond believable!
Did you have to throw out the baby with the bathwater? We should have been more careful in our approach here.
They threw the baby out with the bathwater and went all in without thinking it through.
Oh, we used to have such a good time. Sometimes I wish that I could turn back the wheels of time.
The world has become so much more fast-paced and stressful. Sometimes, I would like to turn back the wheels of time.
He kicked up a lot of dust and stirred things up. We was like the proverbial bull in a China shop.
Woah, doesn't it look like I haven't eaten any of the noodles on the plate yet? I guess my eyes were bigger than my stomach.
For our kid, his eyes are always bigger than his stomach.
Of course, you're washing your hands of responsibility again. That was obvious.
Stop acting so innocent. Of course, you're washing your hands of responsibility again.
We don't know yet how we did on the test. This means it's time to wait and see.
Don't be upset. Just wait and see; it won't be that bad.
They saw each other for the first time after 50 years and immediately felt familiar to one another. An old flame never dies.
They saw each other again at the university after many years and were immediately drawn to one another. An old flame never dies.
You really don't have any financial worries. Your life is a bed of roses.
You did really well for yourself. Your husband has made your life a bed of roses.
It may be that she's not particularly pretty, but all cats are gray in the dark.
We should keep a lid on this and let sleeping dogs lie.
You shouldn't unnecessarily provoke his anger. Let sleeping dogs lie.
They got involved in it despite all the warnings and have the tiger by the tail.
It's better to not take the risk. There can be serious consequences for you if you have a tiger by the tail.
The students put the pedal to the metal at the end of the semester and had a tiger in their tank.
I'm blown away by how tall and attractive you've become.
He lets her serve him from beginning to end. He's a real chauvinist pig.
If you're a chauvinist pig, your chances on the dating market are not particularly good.
This research field is still terra incognita.
This country was considered terra incognita until now.
Normally we've always had a regular income, but at the moment we're experiencing a dry spell.
I've received good movie offers my whole life, but I'm experiencing a dry spell at the moment.
The car just fell into his lap.
The inheritance just fell into her lap.
She cried her eyes out at her grandmother's funeral.
The breakup was so painful for him that he cried his eyes out.
He emigrated to Argentina and has lived a dog's life for many years there.
They lived a dog's life as students.
The deadline for the job is two weeks away. Don't get gray hairs over it.
Don't trouble your head about it. That's his problem, not yours.
The paparazzi swooped in on the princess like vultures.
The children swooped in on the candy like vultures.
She offered no resistance whatsoever to her arrest and let herself be led like a lamb to the slaughter.
She did not argue with HR over her poor behavior and let herself be led like a lamb to the slaughter.
She will accept the marriage proposal. It's as clear as day.
My team will win; it's as clear as day.
They will win the championship. That's as certain as death and taxes.
The president will win the elections. That's as certain as death and taxes.
He went to meet his maker, informally you could say he's pushing up daisies.
At least a dozen people met their maker on the boat trip.
We can't prescribe what our students wear anymore. Let's leave that by the wayside.
We need to think outside the box, if we want our company ready to enter the digital market.
I finally saw my girlfriend for the first time in years. She's really gone off the deep end.
Her health has really faded. She's really fallen on hard times.
Every year in the spring, we're bothered again with such old chestnut diet tips.
Keep your suggestions to yourself. They're old chestnuts.
They whispered and put their heads together.
Before the game, the team put their heads together and worked out a strategy.
I've really made some problems for myself. How am I going to get out of this pickle?
We've got to figure out how to get out of this tight spot, so that we can sleep at night again.
Just a moment. Your name is on the tip of my tongue.
It's on the tip of my tongue, but it's just not coming to me.
When she heard about his success, she was green with envy.
He's going to marry her. So, aren't you green with envy?
She was crazy about her grandkid.
The professor was crazy about a few of his students.
You're already 15 years old. Do you still believe in the tooth fairy?
