Being able to see both sides of an issue is to our credit.
Being able to work together despite disagreements is to their credit.
I know my grandfather would have turned over in his grave if he had found out about my DUI.
If she knew you'd sold her jewelry, she'd turn over in her grave.
Losing that job was a blessing in disguise really.
The failure to conclude the trade talks last December could prove a blessing in disguise.
Books like this are a dime a dozen.
Those cheap little metal cars are a dime a dozen.
I like him, he is a good egg, always nice.
My friends always thought that I was a god egg, I never cause any trouble.
He saved his life for a hair's breadth.
It was a great disaster, the family survived by a hair's breadth.
I can't take that on now; I've got too much on my plate already.
What with the new baby and the new house, they have a lot on their plate.
The apartment is just a stone's throw from the sea.
He is a stone's throw from home.
He won't act his age no matter how many times I tell him to.
You should learn to act your age.
A very extensive research and development program ensures that we're ahead of the game.
Some people like to stay ahead of the game.
Can you make sense of these instructions? It's all Greek to me!
I thought I could understand the theories, but it is all Greek to me.
Even though it's not rocket science, I still don't understand it.
Lisa was struggling with the lessons, but it is not rocket science.
I can't believe I did it just for love of it without any compensation.
I tried to give him some money, but he did it for love of it.
A kiss and make up is all it will take to be friends again.
After days of fighting, they finally kissed and made up.
Are you going to knock my socks off with your dance moves?
He has been knocked his socks off by my dance moves.
Do you know the area like the back of your hand?
He has known his wife like the back of his hand for years.
He left me in the lurch when he broke up with me.
He left us in the lurch when he quit his job.
Lend me your ears, and I will tell you about my adventures in the beach.
Lend an ear to what I am saying; you might need to know all this when you start working on your project.
My son can be a bit of a bull in a china shop, so I'm worried about taking him to the museum.
You can't just go into every meeting like a bull in a china shop - remember, tact will get you far in this business.
Burning the candle at both ends is a recipe for disaster.
Burning the candle at both ends is not sustainable in the long run.
We made the last train by the skin of our teeth.
He got away by the skin of his teeth.
Although Ben saw the girl cheating he did not want to cast the first stone.
OK, fine, I'll cast the first stone - that movie was awful.
He's been trying to catch my eye all day.
He's caught her eye, but she's not interested.
Hiding his car keys - you're really clipping his wings.
The boss is always trying to clip my wings and micro-manage me.
When you discover how poor people live you will count your blessings.
Your situation is not that bad, count your blessings.
I am cutting my teeth on soul music.
If you want to cut your teeth on social media, you should start a blog.
He cuts corners on everything because he does not have money.
He will cut corners to save money on this, but it is not a good idea.
Stop chasing rainbows and be an adult, you need to find a job.
He desperately tried to convince her but he was just chasing rainbows.
The whole legal system is rotten to the core.
The defense attorney refused to take the case when he realized the criminal was rotten to the core.
Intelligence seems to run in that family.
We're all ambitious - it seems to run in the family.
I decided to paint the bathroom ceiling but ran out of steam halfway through.
He had been running out of steam for a while by the time he finished his race.
He has rubbed salt in the wound by telling her she's not good enough.
He rubbed salt in the wound by forgetting my birthday.
I ran the table last night and won all my games.
If they run the table, they will win the championship.
I'm sorry, boss, I really screwed the pooch this time.
This operation depends on you, so don't screw the pooch.
Have you two seen eye to eye on the new project yet?
He sees eye to eye with me on this issue.
I seized the bull by the horns and now the situation is under control.
I should seize the bull by the horns and not wait for someone else to do it.
Are you going to seize the day, or let it pass you by?
Don't let this opportunity pass you by - seize the day.
The new game is apparently selling like hot cakes.
This year's festival tickets are selling like hot cakes.
This is how you do a film campaign from soup to nuts.
The whole building, soup to nuts, cost less to build than that parking lot.
We need to search this place from top to bottom.
We will find them, we'll comb the city from top to bottom.
By getting my ducks in a row, I'm making sure I'm prepared for the big meeting.
Getting my ducks in a row is essential before I can start my new project.
Are you going to get your hands dirty and help me with this mess?
Getting one's hands dirty can be a lot of fun.
Do you think they'll get the lion's share of the work?
Have you noticed that he always gets the lion's share of the credit?
I am getting the runaround from my landlord, he did not confirm anything.
I am getting the runaround from the company today, I do not know if I should come tomorrow.
Are you getting wind of what I am saying?
He got wind of my plan to quit my job and move to another city a month ago.
I am going ape trying to find my lost keys.
I bet you will go ape when you see what I got you.
He went behind my back and did it anyway.
He's been going behind my back and spying on me.
Going with the flow can be liberating.
Going with the flow is a good philosophy to live by.
Are you sure you want to quit your job? You're not off your trolley, are you?
He's been off his trolley ever since his wife left him.
He must have opened his heart to her now it is too late.
He would have opened his heart to her if she had given him a chance.
She's always trying to pass the buck and I'm sick of it.
Don't try to pass the buck - this is your responsibility, not mine.
The meeting was peaches and cream, nobody complained.
It's a warning to readers that not everything will be peaches and cream in the pages to come.
Are you going to pick up the slack while I'm gone?
My colleagues will pick up the slack while I am on holiday.
His plans of becoming an astronaut are a pipe dream, he should be more realistic.
She had wanted to be a ballet dancer when she grew up, but as she got older, she realized it was nothing but a pipe dream.
Faced with the choice, we decided to go back, rather than continue forward to the point of no return.
I could tell we were approaching the point of no return.
Unhappy tourists have pointed the finger at unhelpful travel agents.
I just tried to do what was right, and now everyone's pointing the finger at me.
Are you pulling out all the stops for your date tonight?
He'll pull out all the stops to get what he wants.
I am pulling strings to get us a table at the new restaurant.
I am pulling strings to get us reservations at the new restaurant.
He fell apart after his wife died, I told him to pull himself together.
He managed to pull himself together and give a great speech.
At first my marriage was all puppies and rainbows, but then reality set in.
It seemed all puppies and rainbows but after some time I discovered how he was.
Are you giving me puppy dog eyes on purpose?
Has anyone ever told you that you have puppy dog eyes?
I am pushing the envelope of my comfort zone.
I am pushing the envelope of my skills.
Very quickly, settlers in Oregon built towns and put down roots.
When they got to Montana, they put down roots and built a life.
Being put on the spot is embarrassing.
Being put on the spot makes me nervous.
I don't want to put the cart before the horse, but I think we should start working on it.
I put the cart before the horse, but I fixed it before it caused any problems.
We didn't want to put the cat among the pigeons, so we decided not to mention the bomb threat.
He put the cat among the pigeons when he refused to sign the contract.
Everyone already knows about my affair, I might as well come clean. It's too late to put the genie back in the bottle.
We should never have agreed to those terms when we signed the deal, but it's too late to put that genie back in the bottle.
He queers the pitch when he argues with the boss.
I am queering the pitch by asking too many questions.
I don't mean to rain on your parade, but I have some bad news.
It's irritating that he could rain on my parade by stealing the record before me.
Are you raising your voice because you are angry?
He raises his voice whenever he gets angry.
You should raise the bar and ask for more.
Do not be afraid or raising the bar, we need the best.
With their last, triumphant piece, the musicians raised the roof.
The applause raised the roof.
He read between the lines and found the hidden message.
He reads between the lines and can tell when people are lying.
Are you sure this is the right way? It feels like we're being led on a wild goose chase with all these red herrings.
Don't bother trying to trick me with your red herrings - I'm not falling for it.
He must have put it right under my nose so I would find it.
I am so embarrassed that I didn't realize my shirt was stained right under my nose.
Are you sure that name doesn't ring a bell?
Your description rings a bell, but I don't think I've ever been there myself.
We've been sold a bill of goods! I won't stand for this deception any longer.
The company made a huge profit at the expense of people who trusted them, I hate to tell you this, but you got sold a bill of goods.
We might get brunch next weekend, but nothing is set in stone yet.
Keep in mind that these blueprints are not set in stone - they're just to give you a feel for the design.
He has set the world on fire with his ambition.
I set the world on fire with my quest for knowledge.
In business negotiations, it's important that you don't show your cards right away.
Don't show your cards too early in the negotiations. Keep them guessing as long as you can.
I might be sick as a dog if I eat something that I'm allergic to.
I might feel sick as a dog if I drink too much alcohol tonight.
He is sick as a parrot now that he has to work on Saturday.
He is sick as a parrot now that his team has lost the game.
He never used to support that political candidate, but he's singing a different tune all of a sudden.
They'll be singing a different tune after they see what we've come up with.
He was sitting pretty until he lost his job.
He would have been sitting pretty if he had not made so many mistakes.
To most people, $2,000 is a lot to spend on anything, but it's small beer to the country's mega rich.
I've been trying to raise my concerns about the project, but I'm small beer to the company's upper management.
When I didn't hear any more from my prospective employer, I began to smell a rat.
He's been working late with her every night this week - I smell a rat.
They tighten the screws on him until he paid up.
We need to tighten the screws on people who've been evading the tax.
Are you going to pay an arm and a leg for your new car?
I paid an arm and a leg for this new dress, I had to save money for months.
When I was top banana of the business, I used to charge the most outrageous things to the company credit card.
He was the top banana of the company, he was a good boss.
He is turning the situation on its head and making progress.
He turned the economy on its head and made a fortune.
After years of decline, it seems the company is finally starting to turn the corner.
I can't believe we turned the corner and improved the situation.
Are you ready to turn the tables and play the game?
He turns the tables and ends up winning.
Below the radar, there has been a lot of movement on this issue.
He tried to stay under the radar as he went about his business.
He muttered something under his breath.
I can't believe I did that, she said under her breath.
I can wait here until the cows come home.
I could sit here and argue with you till the cows come home, but it wouldn't solve anything.
Mark tried to get close to him, but John always kept him at an arm's length.
I think we cannot trust them, it is better if we keep them at an arm's length.
I'll put a bug in his ear about taking a trip next weekend.
I put a bug in his ear last week about starting a new business.
"A: ""The apple of discord seems to be that you stole Ted's trashcan."" B: ""But I didn't, though! Look, my name is on this trashcan!"""
Forgive me, but the very name of love is an apple of discord between us.
"Any parent who permits their daughter or son to wear the modern immodest styles are subject to the condemnation of scripture - ""it would be better that they tie a millstone around their neck and cast themselves into the sea."""
I need to finish my MBA to find a better job. It's like a millstone around my neck.
"As many of the most relevant parameters are quite different, comparing such different options is like comparing ""chalk and cheese."""
I wouldn't say they're like chalk and cheese, but they definitely have their differences.
"As you can see, the ""Fire and forget"" approach and the ""Start and control Pashua"" approach are two different kettles of fish, and this is why progress bars won't be needed in the foreseeable future."
And in my view, and in the view of the PPE, this is a different kettle of fish.
"Barely a decade ago, the US was beginning to feel marginalized in Asia, owing to several developments, including China's ""charm offensive."""
But before she could launch her charm offensive, Mr. Roper sat down across from her and grabbed her wrists.
"But these ground-breaking ""Soul Rebel"" sessions ended on a sour note when Scratch, believing the session tapes were his, sold the songs in England without the Wailers' consent."
He departed on a sour note five years later in the wake of accounting problems.
"Calling the interest surrounding its publication a ""nine-day wonder,"" he said it would not have a lasting impact outside of academia."
She left her husband and ran away with a younger man. It was a nine days' wonder.
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it or ""A stitch in time saves nine"" - which do you prefer?"
A look into the future Laying down Bigger than Rod Japanese massage A stitch in time saves nine
"If you really think this is a ""classy place,"" all your taste is in your mouth!"
Did you see that tacky dress she had on? Yikes, all her taste is in her mouth.
"It also allows the community to keep at bay ""dictatorship nostalgia"" and temptations to step beyond the rule of law (lynching, vigilante groups)."
Brought together, we band of brothers to keep at bay the evil that has fallen upon us.
"Just long enough to allow ""all the dust to settle"" and to provide an opportunity for ""a clear-eyed view"" of the way ahead."
But for now, let us allow the dust to settle and take some time on Friday at 3pm to toast the man, and bid him good riddance.
"M. Night Shyamalan pulled a rabbit out of the hat with the surprise twist in ""The Sixth Sense."""
However, let me pull the rabbit out of the hat and stun you with what is quite possibly, our biggest news you have heard so far this year!
"Needs of the impoverished populations of Central and Eastern Europe - the subsidy ""is no more than a drop in the ocean."""
Admittedly, the work done in our hospitals is merely a drop in the ocean, but it will serve as a working model to show how it
"People wanting to get married...would have to trail around separately to arrange flowers, cars, a photographer, the cake and a reception venue... ""At the moment, they have to chase their tail making sure all these things are done."""
While we chase our tail going after nickel and dime abuse of government communications programs, there are big fish to fry out there.
"Regardless of their cause, inequalities are a powerful force for instability everywhere, from wealthy America to rapidly growing China to reform-challenged Europe. ""A rising tide lifts all boats,"" conservatives like to say."
If they sold their app for a billion dollars, it's certainly not a bad thing for other tech companies - you know, a rising tide lifts all boats.
"That is why so many large companies are often run by bean-counters."""
Once the bean counters take over, you'll be at the bottom of a very long list of creditors.
"That was a hard thing for me to wrap my head around, looking down at my watch and seeing that I've run 18-minute-mile pace up a hill,"""
Can you help me with these math problems? I can't get my head around them.
"The latest version of the EU's ""innovation scoreboard"" reveals it was the Danes, Finns, Germans and Swedes who were ahead of the pack, establishing themselves as world leaders in the field."
At this stage in the campaign, the Democratic candidate is way ahead of the pack.
"The philosopher Michael Walzer puts it well: ""It is easy to get one's hands dirty in politics."""
If you're not afraid to work hard, learn a trade, and maybe get your hands dirty, fill out one of these and see what's possible.
"The problem that we've got is we're trying like the dickens to treat the symptom without treating the disease, Mr. North said on ""Fox News Sunday."""
Even if I am really close to boundlessness, my present life hurts like the dickens.
"These are the missed portfolio pieces that fly right by us when our knuckles are white and our nose is to the grindstone, as we try with all our might to be ""productive."""
By the time I graduated from the University of Washington, my nose was to the grindstone.
"Your money or your life! I'm sorry, my dear, but you know it would kill me to lose my money,"" said the partially deaf miser to his wife."""
Although it's covered by his insurance and by the State of California, he calls it a ransom: your money or your life.
'How's the operation going?' 'So far, so good.'
So far, so good, but I'll let you know how we make out when we're finished.
'You can keep the ankle-biters satisfied with a kids' menu made up of perennial favorites such as chicken nuggets, fish fingers and sausages.'
Always remember that you are the power that would have these little ankle biter and where they want to feed on.
1000 Words - 2 Disc SetStudio: Kelly Madison Productions Words Are Not Enough They say a picture is worth a thousand words.
3D Visualisation A picture is worth a thousand words, so we place great importance on sharing and communicating our ideas visually.
A few night owls stayed at the café all night long.
And Hamburg's fish market is simply legendary, but you have to be a very early riser or a lively night owl to enjoy it.
A growing amount of evidence lends weight/credence/credibility to their theory.
Notwithstanding the need for more investigation, the evidence surveyed in the previous chapter certainly lends weight to this view.
A lingua franca is used to bridge the gap between people who do not speak the same language.
Fighting them means finding creative ways to bridge the gap between security sector reform and development assistance.
A man whom I might not agree with where politics are concerned, but one who calls a spade a spade.
If there is a candidate for the PN leadership who has the guts to call a spade a spade, it is Frank
A recent public relations disaster left the company with egg all over its face.
My boss found out that I messed up the budget report, and now I have egg on my face.
A single chink in our armor at the negotiating table means we could lose out badly.
Labor leaders hope to use their annual conference to attack what they currently see as the most vulnerable chink in the government's armor.
A slap on the wrist is better than nothing at all.
Bill hasn't been late to school that many times, so just give him a slap on the wrist for his tardiness.
A smart guy would go home and face the music.
I call it atonement, and today's the day you face the music.
A whippersnapper is someone who is younger than you are but also irritatingly overconfident and impertinent, like your little smart aleck cousin.
I really wish you whipper-snappers who grew up on post-Prequel garbage would realize that stuff was still happening between the release of RoTJ and the release of TPM.
A wolf in sheep's clothing, stinking of Brimstone, but still very weak, he said.
And now I'm calling to warn you to be on the lookout for a wolf in sheep's clothing.
A wonderful chamber music performance by four long-standing collaborators who have more than one string to their bow.
Harmonica and violin join forces on a song like Chelsea Burns, proving that the Franco-Dutch star has more than one string to her bow when it comes to performing her intimate, melancholy-tinged ballads.
Aaron Morse is a chip off the old block and will be a solid voice on the board regardless of who wins the mayorship.
Athletic, acrobatic and fearless, she's what you might call a chip off the old block.
Academics should work closely alongside the clinicians at the coalface.
He was at the coalface of the problem, trying to figure out what went wrong.
Actors don't like working with animals because they often steal the show.
All three singers gave impressive performances but it was Domingo who stole the show.
Actually, I was wondering if you two might want to lend a hand.
After a moment of disappointment, however, the weather intervened to lend a hand.
Adhering to my promises is how I keep my word.
He is keeping his word and helping me.
After all those long and hard days at work it’s nice to get home and just become a couch potato.
Couldn't be just some fat-assed couch potato.
After forty years in the business, it's time for me to take a back seat and let someone younger take over.
I always used to take a back seat and let people get on with it.
After making the decision, we had a little back and forth.
My parents had a back and forth over my education when I was a child.
After such a bad meeting the previous day, he was getting a splitting headache just from the thought of going to work that day.
Staring at this computer screen all day gave me a splitting headache.
After surgery, I was in a haze until the anesthetic wore off.
I always feel like I'm in a fog when I take that medication. It's like it's hard for me to think.
After the incident in London, all eyes are on your ILP.
As the millennium nears, all eyes are on you.
After the transition, stakeholders wanted to meet me for coffee, staff felt they needed to keep me in the loop and board members kept checking in with me.
He claims that he was kept out of the loop when the decision to sell the company was being made.
After years of living in a shabby studio apartment, it was like all my Christmases had come at once when I found out I'd inherited all that money.
Clive Barker-verse. I've been a fan of both Paul Kane and Clive Barker for such a long time. This novel feels like all my Christmases have come at once. The story ends in a suitably epic confrontation.
After a few introductory comments, we cut to the chase and began negotiating.
Can we cut to the chase and get to the point?
After midnight the dancers seemed to get their second wind and went on till dawn.
Getting a second wind is essential for long-distance runners.
Again, he shot himself in the foot by saying too much to the press.
He really shot himself in the foot, telling the interviewer all about the others who were applying for the job he wanted
Agent Lattimer, my job is to make sure that this event goes off without a hitch.
As far as you'll know, the mission went without a hitch.
Airline prices will be really expensive if you wait until the eleventh hour to buy tickets.
I always finish my reports at the 11th hour.
All it took was a dozen words to make me decide that I would not move for all the tea in China.
And we wouldn't sell you again, not for all the tea in China.
All my hopes of finding a good job in television have gone out of the window.
As a parent, all your plans go out the window.
All part of the plan - to wear us down.
And it'll work this time too, if only because he'll eventually wear you down.
All right, so Wayne is a bad egg.
He doesn't seem to be a bad egg.
All right, tell my public that Carl Denam, the bright boy... who was going to make a million dollars out of King Kong, is flat broke.
Money flows freely between the wealthier nations and the poorer ones until we are all flat broke together.
Allibert combines its best materials in one set. Absolutely a sight for sore eyes.
As you can see the SE version is a sight for sore eyes too.
Almagro was again in need of attention, this time in the left hamstring and went to jump the track.
Joe was describing his trip to Australia and, jumping the track, began complaining about the airline.
Although one of the publishers- Elsevier - has now restored access, some poor countries are beginning to feel they have been given the keys to little more than a castle in the air, built on a non-binding agreement that can be withdrawn with little notice.
Everything that has been unbalanced and resisted change is like a castle in the air, hanging there without any foundation to support it.
Although the job was well paying, I couldn't stand the way the boss kept me under his thumb.
He has everything at his disposal, including a million-man army, he will keep his people under his thumb and he will not come to court.
Although we bent over backwards to please her, our new manager was still very critical of our work.
I have bent over backwards for you and I deserve some appreciation.
American Airlines launched the first frequent-flier program almost 30 years ago on a lark; United followed suit a week later. Therein lies the tale-and many free trips to Hawaii.
I was curious to see if I could use the form to express more serious themes. On a lark, I decided to acrostic one of Dickinson's first lines, just to see what would happen
And - to make a long story short - I never got back the money that I lent him.
He made a long story short by telling me he didn't want to talk about it.
And am working my ass off, but I still don't get to the target
I have worked my ass off to get them in a room with us and you keep them waiting 45 minutes!
And at a certain point, I just have to bite the bullet and admit it is not happening.
Maybe I should just... bite the bullet and be honest with her.
And being a fit family doesn't have to add stress or break the bank.
There are affordable ways to redecorate or renovate rooms in your home without having to break the bank.
And don't come with that one that you were as busy as a one-armed paperhanger.
Close the door when you leave, please, I have been as busy as a one-armed paperhanger today and I want to take a rest.
And every year you chicken out with some pathetic excuse.
Besides, we're making too much money for you to chicken out now.
And then, by February 2016, we can draw a line under all of this.
But I'd rather draw a line under the whole thing.
And then at the eleventh hour, the stock exchange pulls a rug out from under me.
Even at the eleventh hour it's not too late to know.
And this should go without saying, but don't use your multi-crystals until we're inside.
I do... then it might go without saying that if you strip a person of their experience, they become destructive.
Ann spends most of her time building castles in Spain. I really like to sit on the porch in the evening, just building castles in the air.
It allows us to build castles in the air, try on the desired car or attire, see oneself in a paradisiacal tropical island - and all that without raising a finger!
Anyway, blood is thicker than water, so keep yourself calmed, everything will be OK when you tell your parent.
Families have their problems and jealousies, but blood is thicker than water.
Anyway, we should hit the road.
I guess we'll hit the road.
An internship might not sound very interesting, but it's a great way to get a foot in the door at this company.
Don't discount any job, see it as an opportunity to get a foot in the door.
Are those crocodile tears or genuine?
If you are so decided, why do you cry crocodile tears?
Are you going out on a limb and saying that you don't believe her?
During an analysis of the news, he went out on a limb and expressed an opinion opposite to that held by the general public.
Are you going to make a pass at her now that she is single?
He is always making passes at other women.
Are you hitting on me? You're a married man!
I had been hitting on her for years by the time she was ready to date me.
Are you letting off steam by going for a walk?
By talking to her I let off steam and now I am happier.
Are you not biting off more than you can chew with this project?
I am biting more than I can chew with this project.
Are you sure you want to pick a bone with me? It might not end well.
Having a bone to pick doesn't mean you have to be mean about it.
As I feared, my fling had become a pain in the neck.
She was a pain in the neck, to be truthful.
As I read the papers and watch the news day after day after day, and listen to the debates on what we Americans should do with Iran and North Korea, as if we were the only ones involved, yet as always the world will put their two cents in, and to be quite honest, that is all financially they will give, but for advice, like my neighbors, they will give a tone of it away free.
But at least they will stand up and be counted! Which is more than I can say for some of the people who have put their two cents up in the past and then dragged their dollars to the bank after the sale of their ideas or their half-baked books to the public.
As a company always striving for the best, Daimler seeks sustainable growth and profitability on a par with the best in its industry.
For a number of decades now, rural women have benefited on a par with men from the various social security regimes under the laws and rules regulating social security.
As long as our national energy policy is demand-driven...we will continue to spin our wheels.
At the heart of all of the basic questions about normality we shall find we are spinning our wheels.
As soon as her temperature is down, she'll be out of the woods.
For a sustained economic recovery, the US consumer has to start spending again but he is not out of the woods yet.
As we were on the point of giving up hope, a letter arrived.
He was on the point of saying something when the phone rang.
Ash Preston was a thorn in the flesh of this wholesome family.
Here, the development of settlements is not only a thorn in the flesh, as it always has been, but also an obstacle.
Asking those kinds of questions could blow my cover.
He's going to blow my cover if he keeps talking.
At first we tried to help each other study for the exam, but soon it was every man for himself, and the devil take the hindmost.
It's always been every man for himself in this industry. You can't rely on anyone else to help you get ahead.
At first, they were quite novel and interesting, but now these little organic cafés have become two a penny.
At that time they were beginning to expound on all these synthetic chemicals like simazine, atrazine, and so forth, that are two a penny today.
At least there's other Casanovas in the same boat.
Because I'm in the same boat.
At the meeting, she tried to get the ball rolling by asking a few questions.
Despite several bilateral and multilateral meetings, the four have not yet come up with the lowest common denominator likely to get the ball rolling
At the same time, we are working behind the scenes to solve other problems, such as wait times that are too long and complicated red tape that too many of our Veterans must contend with.
The Prime Minister's remarks put in the public arena a debate which has been going on behind the scenes for months.
At the weekly cabinet meeting the following day, an enraged Mr. Schroder read his ministers the riot act.
He'd put up with a lot of bad behavior from his son and thought it was time to read him the riot act.
A company seeing wrong information about itself in a report may struggle to set the record straight.
I tried to set the record straight and tell her the truth, but she didn't believe me.
Barb, your comments about Utah women have come to take center stage in the campaign.
Especially since ICPD+5, UNFPA's commitment to the needs of young people take center stage in many country and inter-country programs, often including an education component (e.g. peer education and its links to health services).
Be a cold day in hell 'fore I sell my plews for five dollars.
Figured it'd be a cold day in hell before I laid eyes on you again.
Beating my brains out is the only way I'll come up with a good example.
Don't beat your brains out trying to please these people - they'll never appreciate it.
Because we had skin in the game, we could work on joint procurement and other business.
Having skin in the game, she worked harder than anyone else to ensure the success of the project.
Because you don't call the shots.
I call the shots in my life, agent Mcbride.
Being ahead of the curve allows you to capitalize on new opportunities.
Being ahead of the curve means always being on the lookout for new trends.
Being down to the wire is when I do my best work.
I don't do well under pressure, so being down to the wire is not my favorite.
Believe me, we had to do a lot of research and investment and it was not a piece of cake.
Getting into the basement was a piece of cake, but the main door?
Besides that, she thought guiltily, this meal was costing him an arm and a leg.
Geez, it must cost an arm and a leg to feed that thing.
Besides this, two Russian ships left the port of Tartus to play cat and mouse with a British nuclear attack submarine...
Listen, Barbara Kopetski, we could play cat and mouse all night long, but I have more important things on my mind.
Bill just loves to hear himself talk. He'll make chin music for hours at a time.
Can you guys please be quiet? Your chin music is distracting me from my work.
Birmingham and I are more often on the same page in the hymn book on the issues than I and Sen.
Gloger also spends four hours with every new staff person, conducting the orientation herself, where she discusses mission values, the history of the organization, and the strategic plan; ensuring that everyone is on the same page and clear about expectations
Black sheep of the family through his teens... but has turned out to be a rather nice young man.
Deflecting the association with Orlando, Strachan, whom Romney had charged with vetting the investors, described him that same year to the Globe as the black sheep of the family...
Both companies have weathered the storm of the current recession better than most.
How are you going to weather the storm of this corporate takeover?
Brad was hailed by the newspaper as a good Samaritan after he stepped in and helped a woman who was being robbed.
He stole money from an old woman while pretending to be a good Samaritan and help carry her shopping.
Bright was turned down on both counts by Field, whose principal consideration was the weather.
He was convicted by a jury on all counts and sentenced to 41 months in prison.
Bring home the bacon, baby.
Do you think I like playing Don Juan to bring home the bacon?
Build the perfect team strategy against the clock in...
The team was working against the clock to finish the project on time.
But I'm also in a position to make this thing go your way without a hitch, open and shut case.
Eric's arrested, so it looks like your plan came off without a hitch.
But I'm glad you're here so we can clear the air.
This may clear the air and make things better.
But Laurens believes there is little-to-no chance of that happening, because United hold all the cards regarding his contract and don't want to sell.
I saw my brother break the vase, so I hold the cards right now and can get him to do anything I want.
But historical memory is a double-edged sword.
The art of transformation is a double-edged sword.
But it has started really. If all this were to end in smoke tomorrow I should have had the very great wonderful adventure of my life.
For all the optimism at the outset of the negotiations, they seem to have ended in smoke.
But life is never just a bed of roses.
However, exile is not a bed of roses.
But once he understood the question he demonstrated that he is still as sharp as a tack.
I'm as sharp as a tack.
But thanks to my experience in the Mini 6.50, what seemed like cloud cuckoo land is now attainable.
I think that shows that our approach is very serious here and we do not want to promise any cloud cuckoo land.
But these people here never buy a pig in a poke, but instead they look at the wares from all sides in the light; and if they can make a good judgment, they then accept a genuine and good object at any price.
Get an impression about our present works. Finally, we would also not buy a pig in a poke.
But until then, do you know the expression... don't borrow trouble?
Chloe, please, don't borrow trouble.
But while Nero was without doubt a depraved person of very low morals, he was not a raving lunatic, and no sane person, even if a cruel despot, would destroy his capital city to clear space for his new home. This would be cutting off your nose to spite your face, because the city that ruled the world was threatened with ruin, receiving very nearly a mortal blow by
He fired Tom for criticizing his managerial skills, but Tom accounts for nearly 75% of his branch's quarterly sales, so all he's really done is cut off his nose to spite his face.
But with the sun in your sign, love could get complicated when two people with the same first name take a shine to you.
If you're single, there are tantalizing choices to make when two people who look alike but have very different characters take a shine to you.
But you can't cry over spilled milk - you just have to get on with it.
I'm sorry you lost your mobile phone but there's no use crying over spilled milk - you'll have to buy a new one.
But, afterwards, they lie down in a quiet corner, and chew the cud; that is like meditating upon what we have heard.
He sat for a moment chewing the cud before he spoke.
By trying to re-direct the flows of gas towards its territory in a major way, Moscow hopes to nip in the bud the competing projects supported by the Western countries which are seeking greater energy independence.
It is important to recognize jealousy as soon as possible and to nip it in the bud before it gets out of hand.
Caleb took a risk no one was willing to take. He was brave enough to bell the cat.
None of them was brave enough to bell the cat.
Chris made the mistake of complaining about the boss and was shown the door.
I told her that I wasn't interested in her proposal, and she showed me the door in no uncertain terms.
Clough was no shrinking violet, he had absolute belief in himself and his methods, and wasn't afraid to say so to anybody.
I can't imagine why a dynamic young woman like her is marrying a shrinking violet like him.
Could you do your best to help me with this project?
I am doing my best to get this done as quickly as possible.
Counting on the price of IBM to rise sharply was betting on the wrong horse.
Fred backed the wrong horse in the budget hearings.
Dad said he'd be here to watch my baseball game, but he let me down again.
Every time I was let down, my arms were very stiff and I had to gradually stretch them out.
Dean was thrilled to get into his dream school, but when he realized that he would have to pay for it entirely on his own, he came down to earth.
I was excited to book a vacation, but I came down to earth when I checked my nearly depleted bank account.
Dear Diary: Tomorrow I buckle down and hit the books.
He sends Greg to his room to hit the books.
Despite all of her free time, she's somehow up to her neck with some school project.
I can't come to the meeting. I'm up to my neck in these reports.
Despite millions of dollars spent by IT companies, digital security still contains more holes than a Swiss cheese.
Does anyone have a better suggestion? Mark's idea has more holes than Swiss cheese.
Despite their efforts it turned out to be another mare's nest.
Findings lead to another mare's nest.
Despite harsh criticism, she's sticking to her guns on this issue.
I have stuck to my guns in the face of temptation.
Did you hear about the new product launch through the grapevine?
Having heard through the grapevine that the manufacturer was in financial difficulties, the subcontractor is concerned that the judgment - when eventually rendered (court proceedings in Member State A take 2 years on average) will be worthless because the manufacturer will have become insolvent in the meantime.
Do you think that the two criminals have been working hand in glove?
If the detective discovers that the two criminals have been working hand in glove, he will arrest them.
Don't ask about his divorce - curiosity killed the cat.
When Jane asked George where he was going at the middle of the night, he replied that curiosity killed the cat.
Don't be an ostrich and bury your head in the sand, hoping your problems will disappear.
He has buried his head in the sand for years and refuses to face reality.
Don't be rude to others. You won't like it when you get a taste of your own medicine.
He is always late for appointments and keeps people waiting, so we decided to give him a taste of his own medicine.
Don't blame me for the argument. It takes two to tango! You are equally responsible.
Janice got herself pregnant. Well, she didn't do it all by herself. Takes two to tango, you know.
Don't let my mother watch any of those sappy movies - she cries at the drop of a hat.
I can always depend on my dad. Any time I need help, he's there at the drop of a hat.
Don't let that bonus burn a hole in your pocket - save it up for something you really want.
I just won five-hundred bucks off a scratch-off card! I know I should put the money in the bank but it’s burning a hole in my pocket.
Don't look at me, I'm red as a cherry.
Mom's face went red as a cherry when I confessed that I was trying to sneak out of the house to go to a party.
Don't try and pull the wool over my eyes - I can tell you've been smoking.
He found out we had been pulling the wool over his eyes for quite some time.
Don't try to be a knight in shining armor you can't save that drowning dog into the raging river.
He'll be a knight in shining armor revealing himself purposefully.
Don't worry - we'll have the money ready by 4 o'clock, by hook or by crook.
I'm going to make sure by hook or by crook that he pays for what he did!
Don't worry about your exam score; look on the bright side. It is a significant improvement from the previous exam.
Even when things are tough, I try to look on the bright side.
Don't get bent out of shape about it. It was just a mistake!
I am getting bent out of shape right now because I can see you eating out of the garbage can from here.
Don't pay any attention to John. He means no harm. It's just his nature to shoot from the hip.
Even if you don't agree with your boss' ideas, don't shoot from the hip. It won't augur well for your growth.
Don't play innocent, Benjamin.
Don't play innocent like it's not your fault that Ray is not playing at the Peach Pit anymore.
Do you mind if we put date night on ice for a few weeks until we get done with this project at work?
I am putting the project on ice until I can get more people to help.
During the next six months, a number of key issues will come to a head.
Events come to a head in Charlotte's high-rise apartment, where she invites Teddy into her satin bed.
During their residence in Azerbaijan, foreign nationals enjoyed all labor rights on an equal footing with Azerbaijani citizens.
Reducing the cost of electricity for households and service sector companies in the north of Sweden places those consumers on an equal footing with their counterparts in the southern parts of the country.
Economic analysts appear to have been too pessimistic in August, suggesting that perhaps too much doom and gloom has been priced into the UK rates market.
Everything was doom and gloom until one side made a concession that led to the deal.
Ella and Red should be at each other's throats.
The ruling parties are at each other's throats.
Ethel has a thick skin, so I'm not surprised she didn't see how unhappy you were.
Having a thick skin is important, but so is being able to empathize.
Even if we have not proven this, I do believe that it is something that the evidence has made so plain to see that it is difficult to close one's eyes to these things having been done or to counter with arguments that they have not.
It is of no use at this time to close one's eyes to the immediate problem or to endeavor to lay the blame for the sad failures, the occult wrecks, for the half-demented psychics, the hallucinated mystics and the feeble-minded dabblers in esotericism at the door of their own stupidity, or upon the backs of some teachers, groups or organizations
Even though you might think it's a minor offense, the authorities still take a dim view.
I'm afraid the administration is taking a dim view of that legislation, so it will most likely get vetoed.
Every once in a while you see a temper flare up in the office, you wouldn't want to be on the end of that.
Her temper flares at the slightest criticism.
Every time she sees her ex, she gets down in the dumps.
I don't want to be down in the dumps, so I'm going to try and cheer myself up.
Every time that cannon goes off, it's music to my ears.
Music, music to my ears.
Everyone had very high hopes for the newly elected senator, but she accomplished little in her first term, and I'm afraid the bloom is off the rose at this point.
I guess the bloom is off the rose for us.
Every beer you drink is a nail in your coffin.
His bad attitude was the nail in his coffin during the interview.
Failing to do this step before building the rest of the tree will likely leave a bad taste in everyone's mouth.
I am still left with a bad taste in my mouth from that experience.
Five miles behind, his good friend from Port-la-Forêt Jean Le Cam, who had never given up hope despite the 120-mile lead opened up by Bilou five days ago, was champing at the bit.
Having both been hired, alongside Pascal Bidégorry, to go out and win the Trophée Jules Verne, they had to champ at the bit all winter only to see the much awaited meteorological window never materialize.
Following your heart is the key to happiness.
I never would've been happy if I hadn't followed my heart.
Foot traffic in the outdoor market usually slows down in the fall, but it gets back in full swing by the time the winter holidays roll around.
The advertising campaign is already in full swing.
For breakfast I have a half a grapefruit. People say I eat like a bird.
Jane is very slim because she eats like a bird.
For the young Canadian servicemen, the order to ship out to battle on a moment's notice was expected daily.
I know that the parliamentary secretary has hopped on a plane and flown to Syria on a moment's notice to go there to advocate on behalf of Canadian citizens who have been in difficulty.
For us to provide you with a concept, even if you must struggle to explain it, gives you, let us call them, more brownie points than would your mechanically repeating a teacher's word after word.
I do want to become your father's pupil but I'm not going to kiss up to you to earn brownie points.
Four-star admirals didn't chew the fat with newly frocked commanders unless they had nothing better to do.
Her chat show gave her the chance to chew the fat with the likes of Tony Curtis and Diana Ross
Get stoned tonight and relax.
Getting stoned helps me forget my problems.
Go on, let your hair down and come to the festival.
Let your hair down for once and enjoy the music.
Going back to the drawing board is the best way to fix this problem.
Going back to the drawing board is the best way to improve this product.
Going out at night in a neighborhood like that is playing with fire.
If you ask me she's playing with fire, getting involved with a married man.
Had I known what was going to happen, I would have left no stone unturned.
I have left no stone unturned in my quest to find the perfect vacation destination.
Has he been living under a rock? She died some months ago.
Have you been living under a rock? That happened two weeks ago.
Have you checked out this cool new app? I think it's the best thing since sliced bread.
I really love my new computer, it's the best thing since sliced bread.
Have you let your brother off the hook for breaking your vase?
He has been late four times this month, so I cannot let him off the hook this time.
Have you given any more thought to going back to school?
He gives too many thoughts to his actions before he does anything.
Having a lot of debt can feel like an albatross around your neck.
The project was so difficult that he felt like he had an albatross around his neck.
Having my work cut out for me is a great way to learn and grow.
I knew I had my work cut out for me when I saw how messy the playroom was.
He added fuel to the fire by revealing her secrets to their friends.
I added fuel to the fire by telling her that I didn't want to be friends anymore.
He broke the promise to his mother. He will have broken her heart by the end of the day.
He has broken her heart so many times, she will not forgive him again.
He can have the police run around in circles.
Our dud detectives continue to run around in circles.
He can lose the thread by the time they reach the third item on the agenda.
He lost the thread, then he asked me about the topic.
He can show Nia the ups and downs and give the Archives Master a good report of her when he returns.
Like most married couples we've had our ups and downs, but life's like that.
He dug his heels in and refused to listen to reason.
I tried to get him to change his mind, but he dug his heels in.
He expects everyone to do the work on his behalf, hence I will not work with him again, once bitten twice shy.
He was two days late last time, so she's not hiring him again-once bitten, twice shy.
He graduated from high school with flying colors.
I am passing my classes with flying colors.
He had always been alone, it was suspicious and there is no smoke without fire.
I don't know what to believe, but they say there's no smoke without fire, so there must be some truth to it.
He has a reputation as a loose cannon whose comments sometimes upset Wall Street.
He was also getting a reputation for being a loose cannon; an accident waiting to happen.
He has been accused of throwing fellow Democrats under the bus for his personal agenda.
I am sure that my boss will throw me under the bus for the failed project.
He has killed many people in cold blood.
How insulting! For a person to say something like that in cold blood is just horrible.
He hit the nail on the head last night when he said I needed to start doing my own laundry.
He hit the nail on the head when he said that I was being too needy.
He is a good boss, but I don't get along with him on a personal level.
On a personal level, these accident figures translate to one third of us being injured in an accident at some point of their lives.
He is lighting a fire under the team and they are finally starting to work together.
I had lit a fire under her and she finally decided to finish her dissertation.
He is new to the office and he doesn't lend himself to casual conversation.
Her voice lends itself well to (singing) opera.
He is on thin ice if he doesn't get a job soon.
He will be on thin ice if he doesn't start working harder.
He is the latest public figure to go on record about corruption in politics.
However, when you ask for their solutions to those problems, they aren't willing to go on record with sweeping changes.
He is using his head to think of a way to fix the issue.
He used his head and came up with a great solution to the problem.
He looked the other way when the woman dropped her wallet.
He will look the other way when he sees the woman cheating on her test.
He lost it the other day, he had a huge argue with his girlfriend.
It was too much for him, Paul lost it.
He only wrote one hit single; his music career was pretty much a flash in the pan.
Homer, you were just a flash in the pan in old Manhattan.
He pours out his heart to his therapist every week.
Samantha poured out her heart to me last night about how grief-stricken she's been since her father passed away.
He quit his job on a whim.
Major governmental policies cannot be decided on a whim; they have to be carefully and rationally thought through.
He ran away in the nick of time.
T.J. McCready miraculously shows up in the nick of time... and shoots him.
He really dropped the ball when she forgot to call back.
I dropped the ball when I forget to deliver the documents on time.
He seemed to think he had stumbled on something, but, not for the first time, he is barking up the wrong tree.
I don't know why you're barking up the wrong tree, but you're not going to get what you want.
He sweetened the deal by offering a coupon.
He sweetened the deal by offering a free trial.
He thinks that learning to play the violin is child's play, but it's actually quite difficult.
I used to think that calculus was child's play.
He thought outside the box and found a new solution for the problem.
I think outside the box when I'm trying to come up with new ideas.
He took a firm line with his son.
I do not want to deny the problem - it is a real one - and Mr. Lange and Mrs. Hautala were right to take a firm line regarding the car and oil industries, both at first and second reading.
He took them to task for their treachery.
I can't believe I have to take you to task again for your tardiness.
He was about to throw in the towel, but then he won the lottery.
He's always been a fighter, but even he had to throw in the towel eventually.
He was caught with his pants down when his girlfriend came home early.
I had been catching him with his pants down for months before I said anything.
He was cheating on me for years and now he is as bold as brass telling our kids I can't date anybody else.
I saw her breaking into the church, as bold as brass.
He was dead tired from his night shift.
I will be dead tired when the kids finally go to bed.
He was like a kid in a candy store when he saw the new video game.
He will be like a kid in a candy store when he opens his presents on Christmas.
He was on cloud nine after she said yes to his marriage proposal.
I have been on cloud nine since I won the lottery.
He was on top of the world after he won the World Marathon Championships.
He was on top of the world after she agreed to marry him.
He was tickled pink to be elected president
We were tickled pink with the whole notion of winning so much money.
He went from rags to riches when he inherited his uncle's fortune.
He will go from rags to riches if he hits it big with his new business.
He will hold his tongue if you tell him to not to say anything.
Holding my tongue is becoming harder and harder the longer I know him.
He will steal your thunder if you don't speak up soon.
I was about to make a joke, but Tim beat me to it and stole my thunder.
He would've been the butt of the joke if he hadn't been so tall.
She became the butt of the joke when she fell down in front of everyone.
He's a hard nut to crack, but I think I can get him to agree to the contract.
In this way, you are a hard nut to crack.
He's a long shot to get the job because he doesn't have the right experience.
He's a long shot to graduate, but his family is hopeful.
He's been hounding his opponent for dodging taxes, when it's public knowledge that he still owes the IRS for years of tax delinquency: typical politician, throwing stones in glass houses.
I love to complain about my relatives' behavior but I really shouldn't throw stones in glass houses.
He's going to get in trouble if he doesn't stop doing that. I have eyes in the back of my head, you know.
How did you know we were here? You must have eyes in the back of your head!
He's got an ace up his sleeve. He knows who killed Judge Fawcett, and he knows why.
She has an ace up her sleeve if they ever try to fire her, since she knows about the boss's unscrupulous business practices.
He's really going to eat his words when he finds out what happened.
I bet you wish you hadn't said that now! You're eating your words.
He's so messy and it's driving me up the wall!
Her constant nagging is driving me up the wall!
He owes money to everyone - he really has his back to the wall now.
I had my back against the wall, health wise, when I had my first child.
He washed his hands of the matter.
I have washed my hands of the situation.
His fiery campaign rhetoric has kept opposition parties on their toes for months.
It's always good to have a little bit of change in your job, because it keeps you on your toes, doesn't it?
History is the whipping boy of popular culture.
If you want me back, I'm back, but I'm not here to be your whipping boy.
His boss told him to keep his ear to the ground so that he'd be the first to know of a new idea.
I am keeping an ear to the ground in order to be aware of new developments.
How very flattering to mention me in the same breath.
It's this only city that's made me laugh, cry and sing all in the same breath.
However the fuss about the reprint was little more than a storm in a teacup.
I fail to comprehend why the advertising industry is raising such a storm in a teacup.
However, on this occasion, Moscow, which has adopted a very aggressive stance towards one of the smallest European countries, has bitten off more than it can chew.
In trying to build a house by himself, he bit off more than he could chew
However, the fear of being attacked by a shark is a horse of a different color.
However, when a library provides a significant unique capability, like GNU Readline, that's a horse of a different color.
However, this one definition can influence your well-being either for better or for worse.
We will respect whatever is decreed for better or for worse for the future generations of San Miguel.
I agree! You took the words out of my mouth!
I was going to tell her that she looked beautiful, but he took the words out of my mouth.
I always think ahead and save for a rainy day so that I will be prepared when the time comes.
I have been saving for a rainy day in case I lose my job.
I am about to burst your bubble by telling you the truth about Santa Claus.
I burst her bubble when I told her I didn't believe in God.
I am basically a trusting person. I make it a practice to give everyone the benefit of the doubt.
I'm going to give her the benefit of the doubt and assume she's just having a bad day.
I am beside myself with joy that I am able to go on the trip.
I have been beside myself with joy ever since I moved to my new house.
I am blessed to have found a man after my own heart.
I am searching for a man who is after my own heart.
I am breaking down under the pressure.
I broke down and cried when I heard the news.
I am conscious of the fact that I am my own worst enemy.
I have been known to be my own enemy when it comes to taking risks.
I am going to break my back to make sure this project is a success.
I have to break my back to prove myself to my boss.
I am going to grasp the nettle and start my own business.
I was going to grasp the nettle and quit my job, but I chickened out in the end.
I am seeing the harbinger of doom on the horizon.
It will be OK so stop being the harbinger of doom about it.
I am shutting my eyes to your irresponsibility.
Most governments know that we're heading for an environmental catastrophe but they shut their eyes to it.
I better not fail this math test or my teacher is going to tear her hair out.
I ought to tear my hair out, but I'll try to stay calm.
I busted his chops and he finally stopped talking.
I have been wanting to bust your chops for a while.
I can guarantee you we're not going to lose touch.
No, we won't lose touch.
I can't believe you're still being a wet blanket after all these years.
I'm just trying to be a voice of reason, I don't want to be a wet blanket.
I can't handle this anymore, I'm going insane!
When Messi scored his third goal, the fans went insane.
I can't help but have a bad feeling about leaving our dog home alone.
I just have a bad feeling about going to the cemetery at midnight.
I can't make head nor tail of these instructions on the packet.
I couldn't make head or tail of it at all, but I thought it sounded pretty good.
I cannot believe my friend stabbed me in the back by telling my teacher I wasn't really sick when I stayed home yesterday
I thought Jonathan was cool but he stabbed me in the back and I'm never going to tell him anything in confidence again.
I could give you a lift to the game, but I don't have a car.
I struggle with homesickness a lot but talking to my family back home gives me a lift.
I could tell right off the bat that she was interested in him.
They responded right off the bat.
I couldn't sleep well last night, so am not on the ball today.
I have to be on the ball if I want to get ahead.
I decided to take/borrow a leaf out of his book and invest some money in the stock market.
Our youngest son was always very placid as a baby, but now that he's getting older, he's begun taking a leaf out of our older boy's book.
I didn't know what I was saying in the heat of the moment.
I said I was sorry in the heat of the moment.
I do not see a great deal of experience there, so it is a question of the blind leading the blind.
I don't want to be the blind leading the blind.
I don't know if I can do that, I'll have to have a think.
I should have had a think and put myself in your shoes.
I don't know what I'm doing next year, it's all up in the air.
I'm not sure how much longer I can stay - it's all up in the air right now.
I don't want to alarm you, but I just heard from the horse's mouth that there's been an outbreak of the flu.
I know it's true! I heard it straight from the horse's mouth!
I got off the beaten track and visited a small town I'd never been to before.
I need to get off the beaten track and clear my head.
I hate going to family reunions because my uncle always airs his dirty laundry in public and we all feel embarrassed for my aunt.
I'm not going to the party unless you promise not to air any of our dirty laundry tonight.
I hate my job but cannot quit owing to my economic condition. I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place
I was between a rock and a hard place, for if I didn't take out another loan I could not pay off the debts I already owed.
I have a secret to tell you, but not a word to anyone else!
Not a word of all this to anyone!
I have had a nose for trouble all my life.
She had a nose for scandals, she has always been involved in one or two.
I implore all of my colleagues on all sides of the House, let us get down to business, let us get Pearson over with as fast as we can, let us get on with making Pearson a world class airport that we can all be proud of.
Show us the message, take away the clutter, get down to business and priorities, come back here and then we will feel you have delivered something.
I know for certain that the appliance should not be handled this way but if I turn out to be wrong then I'll eat humble pie.
I think I'm right, but if I'm wrong, I'll eat humble pie.
I know you want your students to like you, but you have to discipline them when they misbehave. You can't be all things to all people.
It was clear that the senator was trying to be all things to all people in her campaign.
I like activities like running, hiking, cycling, and the like - all kinds of outdoorsy stuff.
I'm very tired of being yelled at, pushed around, and the like.
I never go to all-you-can-eat buffets anymore because I end up eating like a horse and feel sick afterwards.
If you don't stop eating like a horse you're going to gain a lot of weight this winter.
I ought to put her in her place for the way she's been acting.
I should have put her in her place a long time ago.
I said I appreciated all the effort, but $6,000 is just a drop in the bucket.
It's your family's fortune, and 20 million is a drop in the bucket.
I searched that guy from head to toe.
I'm still buzzing from head to toe.
I think I should just take a powder and have a quiet night.
I recommend you take a powder before things start getting dangerous.
I try to remind myself that there are other fish in the sea but I can't stop thinking about Andrew.
Truly there are other fish in the sea and you'll only meet them if you come out with us tonight.
I want to bury the hatchet.
Let's call this off, bury the hatchet.
I wanted to put heart and soul and people, your public, around the statistics that we've become so used to.
Then let's put our heart and soul to it.
I was already fed up with his laziness and insensitivity, but Jim's refusal to come with me to my own mother's funeral was the straw that breaks the camel's back.
It had been a difficult week, so when the car broke down, it was the straw that broke the camel's back.
I was fed up with her blond whiteness.
I'm fed up with talking about him.
I worked so much last week. Now, I get itchy feet.
I've been stuck in this same office for almost two years now and I'm bored stiff. I've really got itchy feet and need to go somewhere new.
I'll never make this shot with you breathing down my neck!
I'm getting claustrophobic, he's breathing down my neck.
I'm ready to play but I can't help you if I'm kept in the dark.
You kept me in the dark, and you almost...
I'm as pale as a ghost.
No wonder she is as pale as a ghost.
I'm in a real jam - I lost my key and can't get into my house.
I'm in a bit of a jam - I accidentally made plans with two different men tonight!
I've hardly slept because my infant has been crying at the top of her voice all night.
My throat is a little sore now. Could I scream at the top of my voice?
If only someone could step up to the plate.
You can step up to the plate in a quick manner.
If the European Union does not want to miss the boat, the Commission and Member States need to promote the development of the industry.
If you don't call the recruiter back right away, you're going to miss the boat.
If they aren't generating significant value over a Web alternative, competitors will eat your lunch
If you're not hardened by Darwinian competition someone, somewhere is going to eat your lunch (or you).
If you keep having a fit every time he messes up, you're going to damage your health.
She had a fit of anger when her sister broke her favorite vase.
If you want to keep your nose clean around here, I suggest that you steer clear of bad apples like this Johnny Rottenseed.
Michael, keep your nose clean, all right?
If you think that this game will be like taking candy from a baby, you're seriously underestimating your opponents.
In the end, they won so easily, it was like taking candy from a baby.
In principle, trade liberalization benefits all countries in the long run.
It could be a cost-effective option in the long run.
Is he actually involved, or just lending his name to it?
Some of the world's top dancers have lent their names to the project.
It was this incident that opened my eyes to her true character.
It's time they opened their eyes to the truth.
It's hard to believe that something like that could happen, but it's all there in black and white.
It's there in black and white that employees caught taking office supplies will be fired immediately.
It's not just one bad apple.
It's an opportunity for them to make clear that they are not going to tolerate a bad apple in the United States Senate.
It's perfectly fine to agree to disagree.
Let's just agree to disagree. We're never going to see eye to eye on politics!
I have my hands full with my three children.
Paula has her hands full with those kids.
I think it would be prudent for us to know which way the wind is blowing before we agree to invest in your company.
There's nothing else we can do for now, we'll have to wait to know which way the wind blows.
Jack just wants to wait until the company gets off the ground a bit before we begin any major media campaigns.
New bank competitors have struggled to get off the ground, not helped by the caution of regulators.
Just three more of these and I'm quite literally all ears.
Tell me your story. I am all ears.
Leon... and Sonya, the apple of my eye.
Sure, apple of my eye.
Let us be on guard against the kinds of distractions that drain us, or that lead us to compromise and sin.
These days, you need to shred documents, protect your computer, watch out for fraudulent e-mails, be on guard against pretexting and much more.
Many technologies are currently at the threshold of economic viability.
We are on the threshold of a new era in astronomy.
McDonald's annual Monopoly contest had millions in cash and prizes up for grabs.
There are 34 U.S. Senate seats up for grabs in the regular 2022 election.
Money is the acid test of your faithfulness.
Persecution is the acid test of spiritual prosperity.
Nor can I say that I disagree with Steve Newton of the Delaware Libertarian blog when he casts those parent's concerns as making a mountain of a molehill.
Such a person is usually very hypochondriac, prone to exaggerate and dramatize, making mountains out of molehills.
On a hiking trail, Nell was a fish out of water.
Sara has certainly not looked like a fish out of water in the mathematics lecture, since she is taking some online classes to improve her concepts.
On a scale of 1 (Never) to 5 (Daily), estimate how frequently the task was performed.
On a scale of five, they gave an average rating of four to their feelings about CSIS
One reason they have not been dealt with is that as ever the leopard cannot change its spots, i.e. in the case of this decision.
Well, you know, you can't change the spots on a leopard.
One should never let sleeping dogs lie, especially those who left the fireside hearth with a grudge.
This whole situation would have been avoided if you had just let sleeping dogs lie.
Over my dead body will you drop out of high school.
They will destroy Penbrook Farm only over my dead body.
Pressure was brought to bear on us to finish the work on time.
The union is bringing pressure to bear on management.
Releasing Office for the iPad and Android platforms could be a good move for Microsoft because it needs to make sure that its bread and butter productivity application gets a piece of the action from the heavy sales of those popular tablet platforms.
Simply put, people are making money with these kinds of sites, I just want a piece of the action.
She felt that not achieving a perfect grade point average was as bad as failing all her classes because, according to her, a miss is as good as a mile.
We are close, but in a quest for consensus, a miss is as good as a mile - and let us face facts, we are still missing.
The most vulnerable animals are those that are not used to urea supplements, those with weak livers, and those taking in urea on an empty stomach.
We went through all this on an empty stomach so the captain asked me to cook up a warm meal which really hit the spot.
They were having a great vacation until their car got stolen, which just capped it all off.
What a terrible day. I left my phone in the grocery store, my car broke down on the way home, and then, to cap it all off, my groceries broke through the bag as I was walking to the front door.
The completion of this project was honestly a race against time, the client needed to have filed the documents in the court by today at any cost.
He was speeding home as if it was a race against time.
This great little shop offers the chance to kill two birds with one stone.
Cycling to work kills two birds with one stone, it saves money and gives you some exercise.
They just turning up the pressure to see who will screw up.
If you screw up during the registration process, you can update your profile later on.
I don't want to twist the knife but not only is your ex-husband not thinking about you, he's also flirting with another woman at this party.
My sister is so jealous that I'm pretty but I get bad acne sometimes and she always tries to twist the knife when I get a new pimple.
From now on, I plan to toe the line and do exactly what Gram tells me, to avoid getting in any more trouble.
As long as you toe the line, you can stay.
While several bow to him as their new pack master, one very vocal wolf says he'll never bend the knee to Alcide.
Bend the knee, peasant! Admit that I am your rightful king!
I have let the cat out of the bag, there is no point pretending that this job is working out for me.
Nobody in the market was supposed to know about Coca-Cola discount schemes, but the huge advertisement hoardings seem to have let the cat out of the bag.
To a certain degree, the rush to get on line boils down to simple economics.
Redundancy indicates that the system is fault-tolerant to a certain degree.
Almost every night she gets at least one call, and apparently they pay her a kings ransom.
Ask for more, however, and you send a signal that you are worth a kings ransom.
The machine was fixed in time, it felt as if it was a cold day in July!
It'll be a cold day in July before you defeat me.
Instead of supporting the enthusiastic masses, they pour cold water on them.
Am I trying to pour cold water on the goal setting method many of us grew up on?
Don't have a cow! I said I'd take care of the problem and I will.
Chelsea tells her to calm down and says: man, don't have a cow.
Both of these strategies allow you to hedge your bet a bit when using an ARM.
But that meant somebody else did hedge the bet.
They have cried wolf so many times, somebody will believe they're in real trouble now.
The growers who are crying wolf today about the lack of water will post their annual profits in a few months.
For that matter, it's difficult enough to understand his English when he's under the weather.
If he or she is overly tired or under the weather, take a day or two off.
How long does it take for the wheel of fashion to come full circle?
Indeed, the wheel has come full circle and we didn't realized until now.
Well, now that I've got you back here at my bachelorette lair, let's get down to it.
And when you really get down to it, it's quite dull.
My granny does not like pizza at all, she prefer to eat porridge - really, you can't teach an old dog new tricks.
I tried to make my grandmother learn how to use a smartphone but it was just like you can't teach an old dog new tricks.
Joey, it's gotten out of hand.
Radio promotion costs are ridiculously out of hand.
We may make waves if we pursue this project.
She might have made waves if she hadn't been so shy.
It would certainly be fun in an active family, with whom he would go through thick and thin.
You have stayed on Earth through thick and thin.
Dad says I'm not cut out for the military, but I think I can thrive in such a structured environment.
He was not cut you for teaching, so he finally went to college again.
I would like you to get off your high horse, Lindsay. Pun intended.
You need to get off your high horse and start working with me on this.
The sheer number of books inside will take your breath away.
The moon is taking my breath away, it has never looked so big in my life!
The press is going to have a field day if this story gets out.
And your old friends in the press will have a field day publishing those e-mails and texts.
Really such a wonderful stuff can be found only once in a blue moon.
My sister lives in Alaska, so I only see her once in a blue moon.
You can even turn the clock back.
Tony sweetheart, I wish we could turn the clock back for you.
They wouldn't lift a finger to help us.
Dad won't lift a finger to help them financially
Look at him, he is at his element right now, enjoying the party.
Our son is definitely in his element in front of a television camera.
Overall, it was a most enjoyable game that saw both sides having their moments but, although Ballyduff came close, Desmonds just about deserved their win.
I really can't stand John but I have to admit he sometimes has his moments.
Over-the-knee boots were all the rage last winter.
Floral dresses are all the rage this spring.
I mean, this whole friends with benefits thing is really about two people in denial.
After two long, ultimately painful relationships, I'm just looking to find a friend with benefits these days.
I love staying at that hotel, they go the extra mile to make their guests happy.
It is often required to go the extra mile in order to keep a relationship strong and happy.
Why do you tell such fibs? Go tell it to the marines!
I'll never smoke again!' 'Yeah? Go tell that to the marines.
We started well, top of the table, but it all went pear-shaped and we lost five matches in a row.
This is a fairly basic way of obtaining exposure to European stocks, and if things do go pear-shaped, there is a reasonably solid safety net in place.
His tangential questions are clearly trying the professor's patience, who asked that all questions be held until the end of the lecture.
Will you take the kids to the playground for an hour? They're really trying my patience.
No wonder so many of my people spit bars, because the truth is hard to swallow.
You may find it hard to swallow at first.
A win today secures our spot in the championship, so go out there and give a hundred and ten percent!
If you're not willing to give one hundred and ten percent, we don't need you on this team.
The Slav opposition collapsed almost immediately, as if the very name of Charles had struck terror into their hearts.
Every crisis would strike terror into the hearts of people everywhere.
I won't be sent on a fool's errand again!
Even if your father wasn't in a compromised state already, it would be a fool's errand to try to convince parliament to extend that lease.
He was pleased that Brady was dead because he probably had it coming to him.
He's been sacked but, with all that time he took off, he had it coming really.
I don't want to make a fuss over such a trifle.
When you arrive, you or your advocate should make a fuss.
My father jumped down my mother's throat when he found out she bought me a new iPhone.
Before my assistant had anger management therapy, she used to jump down everyone's throat for even the slightest problem.
I'm as fit as a fiddle-with energy to spare.
After a routine health check up with his local physician, Jeremy's doctor concluded that he was healthy, in other words, he was as fit as a fiddle.
Going into the takeover negotiations, we had the legs cut from under us when our recent poor sales record was leaked.
When the program lost the grant its financial legs had been cut out from under it.
I will be paying my friend a visit in the hospital.
I am going to pay my local library a visit to pick up some books.
I won't be wet behind the ears when I start my new job that is why I am studying now.
We're not wet behind the ears anymore, we have more experience.
He always seemed to be wise beyond his ears, we noticed that.
We never thought Susan was going to make it, definitely she is wise beyond her ears.
The Section 203 (k) program especially makes buying a fixer-upper easier, since you won't have to deal with multiple loans for your mortgage and rehabilitation expenses
Your room's a little bit of a fixer-upper, but at least you got a door.
He was discreet about what he owned and buttoned his lip.
Other than that, keep your eyes open and your lip buttoned and you'll catch on to the routine.
He thought maybe both groups had gotten the short end of the stick.
I'm a feminist, she says, but feminism has often given men the short end of the stick.
Jesus Christ! I will kill myself if I continue like this, I don't have a penny to my name!
Without a penny to his name, William carried on, until finally succeeding.
My children have ants in their pants because tomorrow is Christmas and they are excited about their presents.
Every time we take our children to church they jump around like they've got ants in their pants.
I am nothing but a bundle of nerves dressed up to look like a man.
Every time he drinks she turns into a bundle of nerves.
I can't believe she blew my mind with that performance!
He shall blow your mind with his talent.
I am starting my new job tomorrow, it feels like I am turning over a new leaf.
The management is turning over a new leaf concerning the reasons for project failure.
Gina, you know I appreciate you but you have to admit, we're not exactly cut from the same cloth.
We're cut from the same cloth as any American who has a pioneer spirit.
Then my brother got on the plane and I got a huge lump in my throat.
The final scene of the play left me with a lump in my throat.
The tobacco merchants rose up in arms over the increase in taxes.
The students were up in arms when they heard that their breaktime would be taken away due to poor behavior.
Don't sell off your stocks yet, good things come to those who wait.
Good things come to those that wait, no need to rush whatsoever.
I had been sick and tired of his laziness.
She would be sick and tired of us if we always had to be around.
I walked across the hospital parking lot with my heart in my mouth, terrified of what the doctors had to tell me.
She had her heart in her mouth as she stepped into the principal's office.
He plans to clean his house every week, but he will probably do it only when pigs fly.
When would they be hired again? Perhaps, as the saying goes, when pigs fly.
