Her word had the strength of titanium. Her promises can be believed. Her promises cannot be trusted
Her word had the strength of a wine glass. Her promises can be believed. Her promises cannot be trusted
His kisses have the passion of lovers meeting after a long separation. His kisses are demonstrative and intense. His kiss is unemotional
His kisses have the passion of a couple in a loveless marriage. His kisses are demonstrative and intense. His kiss is unemotional
This winter is as cold as my mother-in-law towards me. It's very cold. It's pretty warm
This winter is as cold as Death Valley at noon. It's very cold. It's pretty warm
The dog was as grumpy as an old man. he was mean. he was nice
The dog was as grumpy as a kindergarten teacher. he was mean. he was nice
The voyage was as long as a lifetime. The voyage was very long. The voyage as short
The voyage was as long as the blink of an eye. The voyage was very long. The voyage as short
He had all the wealth of a tycoon. He was rich. He was poor
He had all the wealth of a hobo. He was rich. He was poor
It smells like a freshly baked cookies on Christmas morning. It smells great. It smells awful
It smells like a cesspool sitting in the hot sun. It smells great. It smells awful
The conversation is a bank vault. The conversation is worthwhile. The conversation is meaningless
The conversation is a 25 cent off coupon. The conversation is worthwhile. The conversation is meaningless
The motivational push was a bulldozer. The motivational push was very motivating. The motivational push didn't work well
The motivational push was a light breeze. The motivational push was very motivating. The motivational push didn't work well
Money is a helpful stranger. Money is good. Money is bad
Money is a murderer. Money is good. Money is bad
The conversation was the OJ Simpson trial. The conversation was long. The conversation was short
The conversation was a cigarette break. The conversation was long. The conversation was short
The seas on the voyage were glass. The seas were calm. The seas were rough
The seas on the voyage were a rock quarry. The seas were calm. The seas were rough
The student was as helpful as medicine. he was a big help. he was not needed
The student was as helpful as a punch in the face. he was a big help. he was not needed
Their relationship has the heat of Miami in August. Their relationship is passionate. Their relationship is lacking passion
Their relationship has the heat of an igloo. Their relationship is passionate. Their relationship is lacking passion
The voyage will be a walk through fire. The voyage will be difficult and arduous. The voyage will be pleasant
The voyage will be a walk through flowers. The voyage will be difficult and arduous. The voyage will be pleasant
For him, earning money was oxygen. Making money kept him alive. Making money was killing him
For him, earning money was a rope around his neck. Making money kept him alive. Making money was killing him
The speaker was as quiet as a newborn baby. The speaker was very quiet. The speaker was actually rather loud
The speaker was as quiet as a freight train. The speaker was very quiet. The speaker was actually rather loud
The man was as cool as ice. The man was very cool. The man wasn't cool at all
The man was as cool as sunburn. The man was very cool. The man wasn't cool at all
The wedding planner was an imposter. The wedding planner did a horrible job planning the wedding. The wedding planner did wonderfully planning the wedding
The wedding planner was a magician. The wedding planner did a horrible job planning the wedding. The wedding planner did wonderfully planning the wedding
The dancer moved like a butterfly. the dancer is graceful. The dancer is lead footed
The dancer moved like a horse. the dancer is graceful. The dancer is lead footed
the pizza tastes like homemade. it's delicious. it's garbage
the pizza tastes like yesterdays leftovers. it's delicious. it's garbage
The painting had the creativity of a bowl of oatmeal. The movie was really dull. The movie was really creative
The painting had the creativity of a James Cameron movie. The movie was really dull. The movie was really creative
The child was as religious as a priest. The child was very religious. The child was not religious
The child was as religious as a sinner. The child was very religious. The child was not religious
The woman was as kind as a teacher. The woman was kind. The woman was cruel
The woman was as kind as a prisoner. The woman was kind. The woman was cruel
The test is as easy as a Sunday  morning. the test is easy. the test is hard
The test is as easy as rocket science. the test is easy. the test is hard
She is happy as a clam. she is elated. she is mad
She is happy as a bear that stepped on a thorn. she is elated. she is mad
The employee is sharp as a razor. The employee is smart. The employee is dumb
The employee is sharp as a bowling ball. The employee is smart. The employee is dumb
The tourist thought the bed at the hotel felt like velvet. The bed was soft. The bed was hard
The tourist thought the bed at the hotel felt like marble. The bed was soft. The bed was hard
When the rubber hits the road. life gets real. things get intense. things get worse
When the rubber hits the road. things go  down hill. things get intense. things get worse
The pianist's performance was a game of whack-a-mole. The pianist's performance was sloppy. The pianist's performance was meticulous
The pianist's performance was the weaving of an ornate Persian carpet. The pianist's performance was sloppy. The pianist's performance was meticulous
The girl's personality was as sweet as a grapefruit. The girl had a very surly personality. The girl had a sweet personality
The girl's personality was as sweet as a donut. The girl had a very surly personality. The girl had a sweet personality
The movie had as much meaning as a Hallmark card. The movie's meaning was frivolous. The movie was laden with meaning
The movie had as much meaning as the Bible. The movie's meaning was frivolous. The movie was laden with meaning
The jazz solo sounded as smooth as silk. The jazz solo sounded nice and smooth. The jazz solo sounded rough and bad
The jazz solo sounded as smooth as sandpaper. The jazz solo sounded nice and smooth. The jazz solo sounded rough and bad
Her hangover made her feel like death. Her hangover made her feel terrible. Her hangover didn't hurt her at all
Her hangover made her feel like a sunrise. Her hangover made her feel terrible. Her hangover didn't hurt her at all
The room was as open as a farm. The room was very open. The room wasn't open at all
The room was as open as a city. The room was very open. The room wasn't open at all
His joints have the crackle of a bowl of Rice Krispies. His joints are quite crackly. His joints do not crackle
His joints have the crackle of a pre-popped roll of bubble wrap. His joints are quite crackly. His joints do not crackle
The lightbulb is putting out the light of a massive forest fire on a dark night. The lightbulb is putting out a lot of light. The lightbulb is putting out no light
The lightbulb is putting out the light of a massive black hole in the darkness of space. The lightbulb is putting out a lot of light. The lightbulb is putting out no light
The thrift store had the variety of a monochrome print. The thrift store had a limited selection. The thrift store had a varied selection
The thrift store had the variety of a dazzling tapestry. The thrift store had a limited selection. The thrift store had a varied selection
The doctor was a Norse villain. The doctor was mean. The doctor was kind and charming
The doctor was a fairytale prince. The doctor was mean. The doctor was kind and charming
The sound of the glass shattering was like Hiroshima. The sound was loud. The sound was quiet
The sound of the glass shattering was like a lullaby. The sound was loud. The sound was quiet
She was a bear at dinner. She ate a lot. She ate very little
She was a mouse at dinner. She ate a lot. She ate very little
The armor was tough as iron. The armor was tough. The armor was breakable and weak
The armor was tough as glass. The armor was tough. The armor was breakable and weak
The toy was cared for like a baby. The toy was taken good care of. The toy was not cared for well at all
The toy was cared for like trash. The toy was taken good care of. The toy was not cared for well at all
The lawyer's negotiation tactics were like steel. The lawyer's negotiation tactics were tough. The lawyer's negotiation tactics were lenient
The lawyer's negotiation tactics were like a fuzzy bathrobe. The lawyer's negotiation tactics were tough. The lawyer's negotiation tactics were lenient
The plastic plate shattered and looked like A spiderweb. It shattered into a lot of pieces. It only shattered into 2 pieces
The plastic plate shattered and looked like A half moon. It shattered into a lot of pieces. It only shattered into 2 pieces
The apartment was as high up as The empire State building observation deck. The apartment was on the high floor. The apartment was only a few floors up
The apartment was as high up as A treehouse in the backyard. The apartment was on the high floor. The apartment was only a few floors up
The man had the features of a Greek god. The man was very attractive. The man was goofy and ugly
The man had the features of a clown. The man was very attractive. The man was goofy and ugly
The pug was wheezing in dog form. The dog is tired and has trouble breathing. The dog has a ton of energy
The pug was lightning in dog form. The dog is tired and has trouble breathing. The dog has a ton of energy
That movie has the humor of a nun. The movie is not funny. The movie is very funny
That movie has the humor of a clown bus. The movie is not funny. The movie is very funny
The movie has a depth of A crater. The movie has a deep meaning. The movie is superficial
The movie has a depth of A crack. The movie has a deep meaning. The movie is superficial
The gambler thought his odds were as low as the ground. His odds were low. His odds were actually high
The gambler thought his odds were as low as the moon. His odds were low. His odds were actually high
The dancer was as graceful as a swan. The dancer was graceful. The dancer was boorish and uncoordinated
The dancer was as graceful as a honking goose. The dancer was graceful. The dancer was boorish and uncoordinated
He was as smart as A tree stump. The person is dumb. The person is a genius
He was as smart as EINSTEIN. The person is dumb. The person is a genius
The stock value was a geyser. The stock value increased. The stock value stayed stagnant
The stock value was a puddle. The stock value increased. The stock value stayed stagnant
The couch had all the comfort of a thornbush. The couch was very comfortable. The couch was not very comfortable
The couch had all the comfort of a grandma's hug. The couch was very comfortable. The couch was not very comfortable
The ballerina has all to grace of A club-footed drunk. The ballerina is clumsy. The ballerina is graceful
The ballerina has all to grace of A swan gently swimming in a pond. The ballerina is clumsy. The ballerina is graceful
The tennis match contained all the suspense of A boring and endless Monopoly game. The tennis match is tedious and boring. The tennis match is suspenseful and exciting
The tennis match contained all the suspense of An Alfred Hitchcock movie. The tennis match is tedious and boring. The tennis match is suspenseful and exciting
He is faithful as a church goer. he is good. he is bad
He is faithful as a strip club VIP. he is good. he is bad
The incense had the smell of a homemade apple pie after skipping lunch. The incense smelled quite good. The incense didn't smell good at all
The incense had the smell of a wet dog wearing gym socks. The incense smelled quite good. The incense didn't smell good at all
The girl had the thirst of a man after finishing a 128 oz slushie. The girl was not thirsty. The girl was very thirsty
The girl had the thirst of a mid-'00s SUV after a short drive. The girl was not thirsty. The girl was very thirsty
The backpack had the space of a school bus in the middle of the night. The backpack had a lot of space. There was little space in the backpack
The backpack had the space of a school bus on a field trip to a pizza party. The backpack had a lot of space. There was little space in the backpack
The coffee was as strong as an army. The coffee was very strong. The coffee was very weak
The coffee was as strong as diluted milk. The coffee was very strong. The coffee was very weak
The room was as dark as a pay phone. The room was very dark. The room was not dark, but not well lit
The room was as dark as a raincloud. The room was very dark. The room was not dark, but not well lit
The sun shined like a flame. The sun was very bright. The sun was dim or obscured, not bright at all
The sun shined like a burned-out bulb. The sun was very bright. The sun was dim or obscured, not bright at all
Christmas was as lively as a party. Christmas was lively and festive. Christmas was quiet, lonely, and devoid of activity
Christmas was as lively as a morgue. Christmas was lively and festive. Christmas was quiet, lonely, and devoid of activity
The movie has the thrill of a dentist's visit. The movie is dull. The movie is exciting
The movie has the thrill of a carnival ride. The movie is dull. The movie is exciting
The book plot has the novelty of an iPhone 4. The book plot is stale. The book plot is really novel
The book plot has the novelty of a robot with feelings. The book plot is stale. The book plot is really novel
My shoulder hurts as much as stepping on a jagged, rusty nail. It hurts a lot. It barely hurts at all
My shoulder hurts as much as getting hit with a silk pillow. It hurts a lot. It barely hurts at all
The hostess is a dental drill. The hostess is unpleasant. The hostess is delightful
The hostess is a sweet potato pie. The hostess is unpleasant. The hostess is delightful
The wrinkle cream is an outhouse. The wrinkle cream is disgusting. The wrinkle cream is pleasant
The wrinkle cream is a purring kitten. The wrinkle cream is disgusting. The wrinkle cream is pleasant
She was gleaming like headlights. she was bright. she was dark
She was gleaming like midnight. she was bright. she was dark
This sand is as coarse as a silkworm's thread. It's not coarse at all. It's very rough
This sand is as coarse as the discourse at a Thanksgiving dinner. It's not coarse at all. It's very rough
The pool has the wetness of the planet Kamino. It's very wet. It's very dry
The pool has the wetness of the planet Tatooine. It's very wet. It's very dry
Quitting the job was as satisfying as an ice cream cone on a summer day. Quitting the job was totally satisfying. Quitting the job gave no satisfaction
Quitting the job was as satisfying as a prickly rose bush. Quitting the job was totally satisfying. Quitting the job gave no satisfaction
The music has the sound of a jackhammer. The music is loud. The music is soft
The music has the sound of a baby bird. The music is loud. The music is soft
The jacket has the feeling of sandpaper. The jacket is rough. The jacket is smooth
The jacket has the feeling of butter. The jacket is rough. The jacket is smooth
She was skilled like a scientist. She was very skilled. She was not at all skillful
She was skilled like a bum. She was very skilled. She was not at all skillful
His vision was as cloudy as the sky during a hurricane. It is hard to see through. it is clear
His vision was as cloudy as a glass of water. It is hard to see through. it is clear
She is as clumsy as an octopus on roller skates. she is a klutz. she is careful
She is as clumsy as a squirrel in a tree. she is a klutz. she is careful
The teacher had all the charisma of a leader. The teacher was charismatic. The teacher was foolish
The teacher had all the charisma of a clown. The teacher was charismatic. The teacher was foolish
The pie crust was as flaky as dandruff. The pie crust was totally flaky. The pie crust was tough
The pie crust was as flaky as a lead block. The pie crust was totally flaky. The pie crust was tough
The movie ending made as much sense as a pig in a pen. The movie ending made total sense. The movie ending didn't make any sense
The movie ending made as much sense as a fish on a mountain. The movie ending made total sense. The movie ending didn't make any sense
The ski slope is a dimple. The ski slope is easy. The ski slope is difficult
The ski slope is Cyrano De Bergerac's nose. The ski slope is easy. The ski slope is difficult
She was as free as a bird. She was very free. She wasn't free at all
She was as free as a zoo animal. She was very free. She wasn't free at all
She was as entertaining as a lecture. She wasn't entertaining. She was very entertaining
She was as entertaining as a television show. She wasn't entertaining. She was very entertaining
Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is as easy as counting ten pennies. Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is simple. Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is nearly impossible
Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is as easy as climbing the Swiss Alps. Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is simple. Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is nearly impossible
The building is as well constructed as the straw house  the pigs built that the wolf blew down. The building is falling apart. The building is 100% safe
The building is as well constructed as The brick house the wolf could not blow doen. The building is falling apart. The building is 100% safe
The head of our country is as smart as a a turkey. The head of our country is very dumb. The head of our country is very smart
The head of our country is as smart as an orangutang. The head of our country is very dumb. The head of our country is very smart
The future is as bright as the sun. The future is bright. The future is not bright
The future is as bright as ink. The future is bright. The future is not bright
The cat had the fur of a Yeti. The cat was furry. The cat was not furry
The cat had the fur of a baby's bottom. The cat was furry. The cat was not furry
She thinks of herself as the mother of humanity. She is self-righteous and entitled. She is humble and respectful towards the different people
She thinks of herself as a particle of sand in the desert. She is self-righteous and entitled. She is humble and respectful towards the different people
He was as cautious as a mother with a newborn. he is careful. he is reckless
He was as cautious as a drunk driver on the highway. he is careful. he is reckless
The dog is as charming as a salesman. the dog is flattering. the dog is gross
The dog is as charming as a sick racoon. the dog is flattering. the dog is gross
The girl is as cheerful as a kid in a toy store. she is happy. she is sad
The girl is as cheerful as a mom at a funeral. she is happy. she is sad
The bathroom has the space of Neptune's orbit around the sun. The bathroom is spacious. The bathroom is cramped
The bathroom has the space of an egg with a baby chicken in it. The bathroom is spacious. The bathroom is cramped
Her beauty is like the vaquita. Her beauty is quite rare. Her beauty is pretty common
Her beauty is like the Peruvian anchoveta. Her beauty is quite rare. Her beauty is pretty common
The boys are feeling like burrowing shrews today. The boys are very active today. The boys are moving sluggish today
The boys are feeling like nurse sharks today. The boys are very active today. The boys are moving sluggish today
The disease was as serious as a funeral. The disease was very serious. The disease was not serious
The disease was as serious as a hangnail. The disease was very serious. The disease was not serious
The doctor was dressed like Liberace. The doctor was dressed well. The doctor was dressed poorly
The doctor was dressed like a car repairman. The doctor was dressed well. The doctor was dressed poorly
The reporter has the charisma of a sloth. The reporter is boring. The report is over excited
The reporter has the charisma of a Jack Russel terrier. The reporter is boring. The report is over excited
The wood floor is as slippery as a piece of sand paper. The floor is not slippery at all. The floor is super slippery
The wood floor is as slippery as a banana peel. The floor is not slippery at all. The floor is super slippery
The reporter was so high he could hunt ducks with a rake. The reporter was under the influence of drugs. The reporter was not drugged at all
The reporter was so high he could do differential equations with ease. The reporter was under the influence of drugs. The reporter was not drugged at all
The gorilla tape was sticky like melted chocolate bars in a wrapper. The tape was gooey and unwilling to release. The tape was dry and fluffy
The gorilla tape was sticky like dried mouse nest material. The tape was gooey and unwilling to release. The tape was dry and fluffy
Death, the harvester of souls, waited outside the door like a drooling dog sitting at the base of a tree waiting for a squirrel. Death was patiently waiting. Death ran around in every direction simultaneously
Death, the harvester of souls, waited outside the door like a kindergarten class that ran out of Ritalin while in a puppy farm. Death was patiently waiting. Death ran around in every direction simultaneously
On the field, the soccer player was a tornado. On the field, the soccer player was very aggressive. On the field, the soccer player wasn't very impactful
On the field, the soccer player was a light breeze. On the field, the soccer player was very aggressive. On the field, the soccer player wasn't very impactful
The wine tasted of my lover's lips. The wine tasted great. The wine tasted lousy
The wine tasted of old shoes. The wine tasted great. The wine tasted lousy
The effects of the disease on her body was an earthquake. The effects were devestating. The effects were minimal
The effects of the disease on her body was a raindrop. The effects were devestating. The effects were minimal
The article from the reporter has the insights of A first grader's primer. The article is shallow and lacks depth. The article is deep and meaningful
The article from the reporter has the insights of An expert journalist. The article is shallow and lacks depth. The article is deep and meaningful
Her cheeks were the color of a delicate rose. Her cheeks were pink. Her cheeks were white
Her cheeks were the color of chalk. Her cheeks were pink. Her cheeks were white
He's busy as a beaver. He's busy. He's lazy, not busy at all
He's busy as a sloth. He's busy. He's lazy, not busy at all
The book is as thick as a board. The book is thick. The book is thin
The book is as thick as piece of paper. The book is thick. The book is thin
The man has the build of Hercules. The man is very muscular. The man doesn't have any muscles
The man has the build of a third-grader. The man is very muscular. The man doesn't have any muscles
The whale is as a mountain. The whale is enormous. The whale is small
The whale is as a tadpole. The whale is enormous. The whale is small
The computer is as fast as a fighter jet. The computer is fast. The computer is slow
The computer is as fast as a snail. The computer is fast. The computer is slow
He is as brave as a mouse. He is a coward. He is brave
He is as brave as a lion. He is a coward. He is brave
the dog was as friendly as a bunny. it was nice. it was mean
the dog was as friendly as a snake. it was nice. it was mean
Talking to him was like trying to corner a snake. He was duplicitous. He was dangerous
Talking to him was like trying to corner a rabid dog. He was duplicitous. He was dangerous
The stain was as dark as midnight. the stain was easy to point out. the stain was light
The stain was as dark as noon. the stain was easy to point out. the stain was light
The vase was as fragile as glass. The vase is fragile. The vase is resilient and not fragile
The vase was as fragile as stone. The vase is fragile. The vase is resilient and not fragile
The NBA star was a ballet dancer. The NBA star was graceful. The NBA star was clumsy
The NBA star was a lumberjack. The NBA star was graceful. The NBA star was clumsy
He knew her like a sister. He knew her very well. He didn't know her well
He knew her like a stranger. He knew her very well. He didn't know her well
It was as hot as a pile of snow. It wasn't hot at all. It was very hot
It was as hot as a desert. It wasn't hot at all. It was very hot
The book was as thick as a piece of tissue paper. The book was very thin. The book was very thick
The book was as thick as a brick. The book was very thin. The book was very thick
The girl's academic marks were as high as a skyscraper. The girl's academic marks were impressive. The girl's academic marks were poor
The girl's academic marks were as high as a basement. The girl's academic marks were impressive. The girl's academic marks were poor
Her interpretive dance has the depth of an unattended litter box. Her interpretive dance is shallow. Her interpretive dance is profound
Her interpretive dance has the depth of a Steinbeck novel. Her interpretive dance is shallow. Her interpretive dance is profound
The elderly cat has the energy of a throw pillow. The cat doesn't move. The cat is hyperactive
The elderly cat has the energy of a class at recess. The cat doesn't move. The cat is hyperactive
She was as attractive as Aphrodite. she was pretty. she was ugly
She was as attractive as a mudfish. she was pretty. she was ugly
The work was about as average as getting a 70 on a test. the work was average. the work was amazing
The work was about as average as getting a perfect score on a test. the work was average. the work was amazing
His words were a knife. they were violent and harsh. they were soft
His words were a pillow. they were violent and harsh. they were soft
The sky was as blue as the sea. The sky was blue. The sky was muggy and dark
The sky was as blue as the mud. The sky was blue. The sky was muggy and dark
The man was thin as a toothpick. The man was thin. The man was very large
The man was thin as a rhinoceros. The man was thin. The man was very large
His sacrifice showed he had a heart like a lion. His sacrifice was very bold. His sacrifice was timid and weak
His sacrifice showed he had a heart like a mouse. His sacrifice was very bold. His sacrifice was timid and weak
The outfit had Teddy looking about as nice as a three hundred dollar dinner. The outfit looked very fancy. The outfit looked very degrading
The outfit had Teddy looking about as nice as a bum on the street. The outfit looked very fancy. The outfit looked very degrading
The child was as smart as an encyclopedia. The child was very smart. The child was not smart
The child was as smart as a house plant. The child was very smart. The child was not smart
The water is as hot as the sun. The water is very hot. The water is freezing cold
The water is as hot as an ice cube. The water is very hot. The water is freezing cold
He is as smart as an Einstein. He is very smart. He is quite stupid
He is as smart as a brick. He is very smart. He is quite stupid
The house was a big as a palace. the house was big. the house was tiny
The house was a big as a breadbox. the house was big. the house was tiny
The government ran with the efficiency of a well-oiled machine. The government was very efficient. The government was not efficient at all
The government ran with the efficiency of a sputtering engine. The government was very efficient. The government was not efficient at all
The odds were as high as the sky. The odds were very high. The odds were very low
The odds were as high as a hole in the ground. The odds were very high. The odds were very low
The storm caused all the destruction of a blazing inferno. The storm caused terrible devastation. The storm barely did any damage at all
The storm caused all the destruction of a pillow fight. The storm caused terrible devastation. The storm barely did any damage at all
The lion has the confidence of Barney Fife. The lion is a coward. The lion is self assured
The lion has the confidence of Fidel Castro. The lion is a coward. The lion is self assured
She's as sweet as a candied yam. She's pretty swet. She's not sweet at all
She's as sweet as a pickled egg. She's pretty swet. She's not sweet at all
The government's welfare policy is as easy to read as an Apple privacy policy. The government's welfare policy is incomprehensible. The government's welfare policy is really straightforward
The government's welfare policy is as easy to read as a grocery list. The government's welfare policy is incomprehensible. The government's welfare policy is really straightforward
The letter was as heartwarming as an apple cider donut straight from the fryer. The letter was really heartwarming. The letter wasn't heartwarming at all
The letter was as heartwarming as lemon juice. The letter was really heartwarming. The letter wasn't heartwarming at all
The government is radioactive. The government is dangerous. The government will protect you
The government is a shield. The government is dangerous. The government will protect you
The ocean is an old friend. The speaker loves the ocean. The speaker fears the ocean
The ocean is a hunter. The speaker loves the ocean. The speaker fears the ocean
You're being as still as a statue. You're being very still. You're constantly moving
You're being as still as a hyperactive child on a sugar-rush. You're being very still. You're constantly moving
These chips are salty as the tears of a fangirl when her favorite band breaks up. It's very salty. It has no salt
These chips are salty as potassium chloride. It's very salty. It has no salt
The tree canopy has the shadow of a totem pole. The tree canopy does not provide shade. The tree canopy is shady
The tree canopy has the shadow of an eclipse. The tree canopy does not provide shade. The tree canopy is shady
Completing the homework assignment was like scaling Everest. Completing the homework assignment was hard. Completing the homework assignment was easy
Completing the homework assignment was like wading in a kiddie pool. Completing the homework assignment was hard. Completing the homework assignment was easy
The burrito is has the length of a whale. The burrito is long. The burrito is short
The burrito is has the length of a lighter. The burrito is long. The burrito is short
She is as elegant as a swan. she is graceful. she is clumsy
She is as elegant as a drunk dog. she is graceful. she is clumsy
she is as embarrassed as a kid that forgot homework. she is bashful. she is proud
she is as embarrassed as a kid that got an A. she is bashful. she is proud
His personality was as sparkling as A burned out lightbulb. He is a dull person. He us colorgul and explosive
His personality was as sparkling as JULY 4TH FIREWORKS. He is a dull person. He us colorgul and explosive
The You Tube tutorial was as informative as a blank sheet of paper. The You Tube tutorial wasn't at all informative. The You Tube tutorial was extremely informative
The You Tube tutorial was as informative as a graduate level physics class. The You Tube tutorial wasn't at all informative. The You Tube tutorial was extremely informative
The girl was as laidback as a picnic at the park. The girl was very laidback. The girl was super uptight
The girl was as laidback as a black tie wedding. The girl was very laidback. The girl was super uptight
The croissant has the delicacy of a Sumo wrestler. The croissant is tough. The croissant is light and airy
The croissant has the delicacy of a fly antennae. The croissant is tough. The croissant is light and airy
He was as frightened as a deer in headlights. he was scared. he wasn't scared
He was as frightened as a bear in the woods. he was scared. he wasn't scared
The puzzle was an insurmountable mountain. The puzzle was very difficult. The puzzle was easy
The puzzle was a short walk downhill. The puzzle was very difficult. The puzzle was easy
The defense's argument had the simplicity of a Byzantine mosaic. The argument was complicated. The argument was very simple
The defense's argument had the simplicity of a nursery rhyme. The argument was complicated. The argument was very simple
The pilot landed with the elegance of a dancing elephant. The pilot landed roughly. The pilot landed smoothly
The pilot landed with the elegance of a royal swan. The pilot landed roughly. The pilot landed smoothly
In his heart he felt the burning fires of separation. He felt passionate. He felt sad
In his heart he felt the hallow depths of cave. He felt passionate. He felt sad
It was as easy as leading a horse to water. It was relatively easy. It was not easy
It was as easy as herding cats into a swimming pool. It was relatively easy. It was not easy
The movie had the budget of a gold mine. The movie was very well-funded. The movie had practically no funding at all
The movie had the budget of a shoestring. The movie was very well-funded. The movie had practically no funding at all
The glass is as strong as an oak tree. the glass is sturdy. the glass is weak
The glass is as strong as tissue paper. the glass is sturdy. the glass is weak
The sculptor's work was as creative as buttered bread. The sculptor's work was really overdone. The sculptor's work was very innovative
The sculptor's work was as creative as sea urchin guacamole tacos. The sculptor's work was really overdone. The sculptor's work was very innovative
Our internet speed is as fast as a tiger. Our internet speed is very fast. Our internet speed is very slow
Our internet speed is as fast as a snail. Our internet speed is very fast. Our internet speed is very slow
The clone had the identicality of two files in a computer after hitting copy/paste. The clone is identical. The clone isn't identical
The clone had the identicality of two half-siblings born decades apart. The clone is identical. The clone isn't identical
The classroom was like a freezer. The classroom was really cold. The classroom was really hot
The classroom was like an oven. The classroom was really cold. The classroom was really hot
The band plays like a giraffe calf. The band plays like clumsy beginners. The band plays with great precision
The band plays like a neurosurgeon. The band plays like clumsy beginners. The band plays with great precision
The politician's values are as sincere as that complement you just got from the used car salesperson. The values are insincere. The values change position often and quickly
The politician's values are as firmly held a tumbleweed in a storm. The values are insincere. The values change position often and quickly
His values are like the tides. His values are constantly changing. His values are set and predictable
His values are like the sun rising in the east and setting in the west. His values are constantly changing. His values are set and predictable
This cartoon is as violent as Normandy. The cartoon is violent. The cartoon is innocent and unoffending
This cartoon is as violent as a kindergarten play. The cartoon is violent. The cartoon is innocent and unoffending
She was loud like a cat. She was very loud. She was very quiet
She was loud like a sloth. She was very loud. She was very quiet
They were as close as politicians. The weren't close at all. They were very close
They were as close as churchgoers. The weren't close at all. They were very close
Her style was Harvard. Her style was advanced. Her style was underdeveloped
Her style was Kindergarten. Her style was advanced. Her style was underdeveloped
This book is as riveting as watching grass grow. The book is boring and uneventful. The book is over stimulating
This book is as riveting as watching a circus. The book is boring and uneventful. The book is over stimulating
The image had the beauty of an angel. The image was beautiful. The image was hideous
The image had the beauty of a garbage can. The image was beautiful. The image was hideous
The dinner tasted like bliss. The dinner tasted good. The dinner tasted horrible
The dinner tasted like death. The dinner tasted good. The dinner tasted horrible
Her knowledge was as vast as the universe. She had much knowledge. She had little knowledge
Her knowledge was as vast as a broom closet. She had much knowledge. She had little knowledge
Her mind was as clear as a foggy marsh. Her mind was confused. Her mind was sharp
Her mind was as clear as a sunny day in May. Her mind was confused. Her mind was sharp
The classroom was a firestorm. The classroom was in chaos. The classroom was orderly
The classroom was a military training. The classroom was in chaos. The classroom was orderly
After the woman talked to him, the man's ego was a pancake. The man's ego shrank. The man's ego grew
After the woman talked to him, the man's ego was a balloon. The man's ego shrank. The man's ego grew
She had a butt like two bulldogs fighting in a burlap sack. Her butt was fat and round. Her butt was flat and uninteresting
She had a butt like a stack of office paper. Her butt was fat and round. Her butt was flat and uninteresting
Watching that TV show was like going to the dentist. Watching the TV show was boring and painful. Watching the TV show was so good it was an almost otherworldly experience
Watching that TV show was like sitting in on a Ted talk by God himself. Watching the TV show was boring and painful. Watching the TV show was so good it was an almost otherworldly experience
The air was as fresh as a flower. The air smelled fresh. The air smelled horrible
The air was as fresh as a landfill. The air smelled fresh. The air smelled horrible
you are as bright as the night. You are dumb. You are smart
you are as bright a star. You are dumb. You are smart
The dress fits as well as a condom. The dress fits well. The dress fits terribly
The dress fits as well as sweatpants. The dress fits well. The dress fits terribly
The air in the town often has the fragrance of An open sewer. The air in the town smelled bad. The air in the town smelled good
The air in the town often has the fragrance of A field of flowers. The air in the town smelled bad. The air in the town smelled good
The oil inventory in the store rang of A struggling business. The oil inventory was sparse. The oil inventory was plentiful
The oil inventory in the store rang of A business in the land of plenty. The oil inventory was sparse. The oil inventory was plentiful
The portrayal of the historic figure in the play was As fake as a three-dollar bill. The portrayal of the historic figure is phony. The portrayal of the historic figure is well done
The portrayal of the historic figure in the play was As solid as a brick wall. The portrayal of the historic figure is phony. The portrayal of the historic figure is well done
It has the lifespan of a Jurupa Oak tree clone. It lives for a long time. It doesn't have long to live
It has the lifespan of a drunkard on a busy highway. It lives for a long time. It doesn't have long to live
The shampoo has the moisturizing power of a lotion made by Poseidon. It moisturizes very well. It doesn't moisturize well
The shampoo has the moisturizing power of a desert horned lizard. It moisturizes very well. It doesn't moisturize well
The goat had the drowsiness of a sloth after downing a bottle of melatonin. The goat was very drowsy. The goat was wide awake and alert
The goat had the drowsiness of a robber during a home invasion. The goat was very drowsy. The goat was wide awake and alert
Her hair was her armor. Her hair made her feel confident. Her hair made her feel insecure
Her hair was her Achilles heel. Her hair made her feel confident. Her hair made her feel insecure
The roadtrip was an all out assault. The roadtrip was extremely stressful. The roadtrip was relaxing
The roadtrip was a massage on wheels. The roadtrip was extremely stressful. The roadtrip was relaxing
The man had the presence of a tower. The man was noticeable and had lots of presence. The man was unnoticed, and lacked presence
The man had the presence of a mouse. The man was noticeable and had lots of presence. The man was unnoticed, and lacked presence
Her passion for school was a fire. She had a lot of passion for school. She had very little passion for school
Her passion for school was a drip. She had a lot of passion for school. She had very little passion for school
The chemical burn was the size of Texas. The burn was big. The burn was tiny
The chemical burn was the size of a flea. The burn was big. The burn was tiny
His test questions had the difficulty of string theory. The questions were hard. The questions were easy
His test questions had the difficulty of the ABC's. The questions were hard. The questions were easy
The movie was as predictable as a hungry baby crying. The movie could be totally predicted. The movie couldn't be predicted at all
The movie was as predictable as San Francisco's weather. The movie could be totally predicted. The movie couldn't be predicted at all
The girl gets as much attention as a diamond ring. The girl gets showered with attention. The girl doesn't get any attention at all
The girl gets as much attention as a paper bag. The girl gets showered with attention. The girl doesn't get any attention at all
The girl's friends were as flaky as pie crust. The girl's friends were unreliable. The girl's friends were totally reliable
The girl's friends were as flaky as a bar of iron. The girl's friends were unreliable. The girl's friends were totally reliable
The meeting was an ant colony of ideas. There were a lot of ideas being shared at the meeting. The meeting had a total lack of ideas
The meeting was a cold desert of ideas. There were a lot of ideas being shared at the meeting. The meeting had a total lack of ideas
He had the graciousness of a king at court. He was very gracious. He was not very gracious
He had the graciousness of a jester at court. He was very gracious. He was not very gracious
Their marriage had the passion of a starving artist. Their marriage is very passionate. Their marriage is not very passionate
Their marriage had the passion of sleeping tortoise. Their marriage is very passionate. Their marriage is not very passionate
Our relationship was a leap from an airplane. The relationship was exciting but frightening. The relationship was peaceful
Our relationship was a nap in the woods. The relationship was exciting but frightening. The relationship was peaceful
the house was as beautiful as a painting. the house was pretty. the house was ugly
the house was as beautiful as a sick bear. the house was pretty. the house was ugly
The boy's tongue was as sharp as a scalpel. The boy's speech was incisive. The boy's speech was dull
The boy's tongue was as sharp as beach ball. The boy's speech was incisive. The boy's speech was dull
She is as bright as A rusted nail. She is dumb. She is smart
She is as bright as 100watt bulb. She is dumb. She is smart
The fish is as elusive as A unicorn. It is hard to find. It is easy to find
The fish is as elusive as A blowhorn. It is hard to find. It is easy to find
The house was as silent as a locomotive. The house was not silent. The house was silent
The house was as silent as a tomb. The house was not silent. The house was silent
The pillow is as soft as cotton. The pillow is soft. The pillow is not soft
The pillow is as soft as a concrete block. The pillow is soft. The pillow is not soft
The book was as enjoyable as a day at the fair. The book was enjoyable. The book was not enjoyable
The book was as enjoyable as a funeral. The book was enjoyable. The book was not enjoyable
Dinner was a symphony. The dinner was delightful and full of complex flavors that all worked well together. The dinner was boring with little flavor
Dinner was as flat as a single note played on a recorder. The dinner was delightful and full of complex flavors that all worked well together. The dinner was boring with little flavor
The homework was as difficult as rocket science. The homework was difficult. The homework was simple
The homework was as difficult as saying your alphabet. The homework was difficult. The homework was simple
He weighs as much as a thimble. He is very light. He is very heavy
He weighs as much as a building. He is very light. He is very heavy
The stove had the heat of the Chernobyl power plant right after the meltdown. The stove is very hot. The stove is cold
The stove had the heat of Walt Disney's cryogenically frozen body. The stove is very hot. The stove is cold
The computer had the processing power of an android Einstein. The computer has a lot of processing power. The computer has a low amount of processing power
The computer had the processing power of a deformed dodo clone. The computer has a lot of processing power. The computer has a low amount of processing power
The novel has the morality of a brothel. The novel is immoral. The novel is pious
The novel has the morality of a saint. The novel is immoral. The novel is pious
The town has the rules of Cinderella's step-mother. The town is very strict and demanding. The town is very lenient in its rules
The town has the rules of a 60s hippie. The town is very strict and demanding. The town is very lenient in its rules
He had the morality of a saint. He was a very moral person. He was a very immoral person
He had the morality of a devil. He was a very moral person. He was a very immoral person
He was as desirable as gold. He was very desirable. He was very undesirable
He was as desirable as the flu. He was very desirable. He was very undesirable
The soccer team is the London symphony. The soccer team is extremely well-coordinated. The soccer team is poorly coordinated and chaotic
The soccer team is a night club. The soccer team is extremely well-coordinated. The soccer team is poorly coordinated and chaotic
His dedication was built out of stone pillars. He was very dedicated. He was not very dedicated
His dedication was built out of cardboard. He was very dedicated. He was not very dedicated
She ran as fast as a bullet. She ran fast. She ran slowly
She ran as fast as a snail. She ran fast. She ran slowly
His movements were as delicate as a ballerina. His movements were delicate. His movements were not delicate
His movements were as delicate as a linebacker. His movements were delicate. His movements were not delicate
The light was as bright as a glittering diamond. The light was bright. The light was not bright
The light was as bright as an inkspot. The light was bright. The light was not bright
The sprint was graceful as a fat man headed to his favorite all you can eat buffet. The sprint was slow but with a lot of effort. There were many of competitors but the result was known beforehand
The sprint was as competitive as a Vladamir Putin election result. The sprint was slow but with a lot of effort. There were many of competitors but the result was known beforehand
The dinner's calorie count is as high as Mount Everest. The calorie count was very high. The calorie count was very low
The dinner's calorie count is lower than Donald Trumps poll ratings. The calorie count was very high. The calorie count was very low
The team's defense has as many holes in it as a Qanon conspiracy theory. The defense is of poor quality. The defense did not let the other team through to achieve anything
The team's defense is better at blocking progress than the Senate Majority Leader. The defense is of poor quality. The defense did not let the other team through to achieve anything
She walked like an elephant. She walked in a clumsy manner. She walked with grace
She walked like a ballerina. She walked in a clumsy manner. She walked with grace
The bottle is as clear as an ice cube. The bottle is crystal clear. The bottle is not clear at all
The bottle is as clear as sewer water. The bottle is crystal clear. The bottle is not clear at all
Their relationship to the truth was akin to a pile of old extension cords. They told a lot of lies and got tangled up in them. They told the truth and their story fit together
Their relationship to the truth was akin to a brand new zipper. They told a lot of lies and got tangled up in them. They told the truth and their story fit together
The light given off had the ambiance of a condemned elevator. The light given off was unappealing. The light given off was appealing
The light given off had the ambiance of a conservatory at twilight. The light given off was unappealing. The light given off was appealing
His eyes were the color of the night sky. His eyes were blue. His eyes were brown
His eyes were the color of mud. His eyes were blue. His eyes were brown
The boy is as clever as a fox. the boy is smart. the boy is dumb
The boy is as clever as a twig on a tree. the boy is smart. the boy is dumb
The template had the usefulness of a kitchen sink. The template was very useful. The template was totally useless
The template had the usefulness of window shopping. The template was very useful. The template was totally useless
That cat has the killer instinct of a velociraptor. The cat was extremely deadly. The cat was not very deadly
That cat has the killer instinct of a banana slug. The cat was extremely deadly. The cat was not very deadly
The stone was as heavy as A feather. The stone is light in weight. The stone is very heavy
The stone was as heavy as A ton of lead. The stone is light in weight. The stone is very heavy
The actors in the play had all the talent of A drunken sailor. The actors are not talented. The actors are very talented
The actors in the play had all the talent of An Academy Award winner. The actors are not talented. The actors are very talented
He is sharp like a tack. He is smart. He is dumb
He is sharp like a eraser. He is smart. He is dumb
The glasses had the dirtiness of a bride on her wedding night. The glasses are pretty dirty. The glases are clean
The glasses had the dirtiness of a bride on her wedding day. The glasses are pretty dirty. The glases are clean
The tofu is as spicy as a hot poker on your tongue. The tofu is super spicy. The tofu is not spicy at all
The tofu is as spicy as milk. The tofu is super spicy. The tofu is not spicy at all
In sparring class I got kicked in the head like a horse kick. The kick was hard. The kick was soft
In sparring class I got kicked in the head like a gnat landing. The kick was hard. The kick was soft
The boy is as polite as an inmate at a prison. the boy is mean. the boy is nice
The boy is as polite as a nun. the boy is mean. the boy is nice
The house is as pretty as a dead porcupine. the house is pretty. the house is ugly
The house is as pretty as a sunset. the house is pretty. the house is ugly
The blog post was as long as the Amazon River. The blog post was very long. The blog post was very short
The blog post was as long as a power nap. The blog post was very long. The blog post was very short
This drink has the sweetness of a chocolate coverd caramel. It is very sweet. It is fairly bland
This drink has the sweetness of a piece of white bread. It is very sweet. It is fairly bland
The headphones are as loud as a hurricane. The headphones are loud. The headphones are quiet
The headphones are as loud as a pin drop. The headphones are loud. The headphones are quiet
This boy has the intellect of a bucket of rocks. The boy is stupid. The boy is a super genius
This boy has the intellect of 10 of Einstein's brains glued together. The boy is stupid. The boy is a super genius
The cake has the density of a fluffy cloud in Heaven. The cake is light and fluffy. The cake is extremely dense
The cake has the density of a dying star. The cake is light and fluffy. The cake is extremely dense
that girl is going places as fast a donkey chasing its tail. she isnt getting anywhere. shes going quickly
that girl is going places as fast a rookie at a nascar track. she isnt getting anywhere. shes going quickly
that fortune teller is as magical as moonlight. she is talentless. shes good at what she does
that fortune teller is as magical as harry potter. she is talentless. shes good at what she does
My boss is as agreeable as a Sunday school teacher. my boss is nice. my boss is mean
My boss is as agreeable as rabid wolf. my boss is nice. my boss is mean
I'm as alert as a guard dog. I'm awake. I'm tired
I'm as alert as a sleeping sloth. I'm awake. I'm tired
He has the physical strength of 20 young lions. He is very strong. He has little strength
He has the physical strength of 20 sleeping sloths. He is very strong. He has little strength
The song was as classic as a chocolate chip cookie. The song was a total classic. The song was really novel
The song was as classic as freeze-dried ice cream. The song was a total classic. The song was really novel
Her range of career options was prix-fixe meal. Her range of career options was narrow. She had a lot of career options
Her range of career options was Chinese buffet. Her range of career options was narrow. She had a lot of career options
The gun was as dangerous as a lion. The gun was dangerous. The gun was harmless
The gun was as dangerous as a rabbit. The gun was dangerous. The gun was harmless
The car had the reliability of the sun rising. The car works well. The car does not work well
The car had the reliability of my grandfather's memory. The car works well. The car does not work well
The runner had the speed of a fired bullet. The runner is fast. The runner is slow
The runner had the speed of a box turtle. The runner is fast. The runner is slow
That girl is as pretty as a pile of dung. That girl is really ugly. That girl is beautiful
That girl is as pretty as flowers blooming in the spring. That girl is really ugly. That girl is beautiful
The woman had the radiance of a sun-lit meadow. The woman is good looking. The woman is not good looking
The woman had the radiance of a dark alley. The woman is good looking. The woman is not good looking
Her dancing companion was as physical as a many-armed gorilla. The companion was clumsy. The companion was graceful
Her dancing companion was as physical as a lithe gelding. The companion was clumsy. The companion was graceful
The drawing was as round as a globe. The drawing was round. The drawing was not round at all, and in fact was square
The drawing was as round as a block. The drawing was round. The drawing was not round at all, and in fact was square
Her photography had the beauty of a painting. Her photos were beautiful. Her photos were ugly
Her photography had the beauty of a garbage truck. Her photos were beautiful. Her photos were ugly
The floor was firm as a board. The floor was firm. The floor was unsteady
The floor was firm as mud. The floor was firm. The floor was unsteady
I could eat as much as the whole world. I am very hungry. I am not very hungry
I could eat as much as a crumb. I am very hungry. I am not very hungry
He has the social skills of a squirrel. He is not sociable. He is extremely sociable
He has the social skills of a talk-show host. He is not sociable. He is extremely sociable
She dresses like a trash can. She dresses horribly. She dresses nice
She dresses like a princess. She dresses horribly. She dresses nice
The juice box have the stickiness of a spider web covered in honey. The juice box is sticky. The juice box isn't very sticky
The juice box have the stickiness of 10-year-old fly trap paper. The juice box is sticky. The juice box isn't very sticky
She's about as hot as a supermodel. She is very good-looking. She is not good looking
She's about as hot as a mangy dog. She is very good-looking. She is not good looking
My truck is as fast as lightning. My truck is very fast. My truck is very slow
My truck is as fast as a slug. My truck is very fast. My truck is very slow
The lightbulb puts out as much light as the sun. The lightbulb puts out a lot of light. The lightbulb does not put out any light
The lightbulb puts out as much light as a rock. The lightbulb puts out a lot of light. The lightbulb does not put out any light
He treats her heart like a piata. He breaks her heart. He is careful about guarding her heart
He treats her heart like glass. He breaks her heart. He is careful about guarding her heart
The girl liked her men to be as fancy as Louis Vuitton. The girl liked her men to be very fancy. The girl liked her men to be very plain
The girl liked her men to be as fancy as Dollar General. The girl liked her men to be very fancy. The girl liked her men to be very plain
The student's face was a volcanic field. The student's face was bumpy. The student's face was smooth
The student's face was a sheet of ice. The student's face was bumpy. The student's face was smooth
This job is a field of flowers. The job is easy and nice. The job is brutal and difficult
This job is a hammer to the knees. The job is easy and nice. The job is brutal and difficult
The guest speaker has the knowledge of an amoeba. The guest speaker is dumb. The guest speaker is brilliant
The guest speaker has the knowledge of an Einstein. The guest speaker is dumb. The guest speaker is brilliant
The doctor has the bedside manner of an ice cube. The doctor is unpleasant. The doctor is personable
The doctor has the bedside manner of an electric blanket. The doctor is unpleasant. The doctor is personable
The woman packed away as much food as a sprinter moments before a race. The woman ate very little. The woman ate a lot
The woman packed away as much food as a marathoner after a race. The woman ate very little. The woman ate a lot
The tacos were as authentic as Colombian coffee. The tacos were very authentic. The tacos were Americanized
The tacos were as authentic as fortune cookies. The tacos were very authentic. The tacos were Americanized
He's hiding his dismay like a toddler hides himself. He's hiding his dismay badly. He's hiding his dismay well
He's hiding his dismay like an illusionist hides a coin. He's hiding his dismay badly. He's hiding his dismay well
Reality is a Will-o'-the-wisp. Reality is ephemeral. Reality is solid and there
Reality is the ground beneath our feet. Reality is ephemeral. Reality is solid and there
The man runs faster than a tick on a cheetah. The man runs very fast. The man runs very slow
The man runs faster than a snail on its back. The man runs very fast. The man runs very slow
The book was found to be more interesting than fireworks in a desert at night. The book was interesting to read. The book was not interesting to read
The book was found to be less interesting than sprinklers turned on in the rain. The book was interesting to read. The book was not interesting to read
The screen play contained the reality of A children's fantasy novel. The screen play wasn't realistic. The screen play was very factual
The screen play contained the reality of A history book. The screen play wasn't realistic. The screen play was very factual
The testimony of the defendant was like A child caught in the cookie jar. The defendant's testimony was phony. The defendant's testimony was truthful
The testimony of the defendant was like An iron wall of truth. The defendant's testimony was phony. The defendant's testimony was truthful
His words are taken with a grain of salt. His words are met with skepticism. His words are thought to be valuable
His words are treated like gold. His words are met with skepticism. His words are thought to be valuable
When he hid, he became a mouse. He could hide very well. He could not hide very well
When he hid, he became an elephant. He could hide very well. He could not hide very well
The room was as empty as a hole. The room was totally empty. The room was packed
The room was as empty as Six Flags in the summer. The room was totally empty. The room was packed
The man slept like a baby. The man slept well. The man had trouble sleeping
The man slept like a caffeinated insomniac. The man slept well. The man had trouble sleeping
The man's skin was as thick as steel. The man was thick-skinned. The man was thin-skinned
The man's skin was as thick as paper. The man was thick-skinned. The man was thin-skinned
The fly is fingernails on a chalkboard. The fly is annoying. The fly isn't annoying
The fly is a warm blanket. The fly is annoying. The fly isn't annoying
His hair is black hole. His hair is black. His hair is white
His hair is milk. His hair is black. His hair is white
My wife gets me harder than seven bags of quick dry concrete. My wife makes me want to have sex really bad. My wife makes me not want to have sex
My wife gets me harder than a bowl of chocolate pudding. My wife makes me want to have sex really bad. My wife makes me not want to have sex
The meal was as sumptuous as a Thanksgiving buffet. The meal was rich. The meal was plain
The meal was as sumptuous as a brown bag lunch. The meal was rich. The meal was plain
The child ate with the enthusiasm of an anorexic. The child picked at his food. The child ate hungrily
The child ate with the enthusiasm of a beggar. The child picked at his food. The child ate hungrily
The book has the depth of an ice cube. The book is not unique. The book was fantastic
The book has the depth of the sky. The book is not unique. The book was fantastic
The painting has as many colors as a black hole. The painting is bland. The painting is vibrant and beatiful
The painting has as many colors as an autumn forest. The painting is bland. The painting is vibrant and beatiful
The parking lot is a mall. The parking lot is full. The parking lot is empty
The parking lot is an abandoned stadium. The parking lot is full. The parking lot is empty
The movie theater is a mall. The movie theater is full. The movie theater is empty
The movie theater is an abandoned hotel. The movie theater is full. The movie theater is empty
The steak has the texture of a diamond. The steak is hard. The steak is soft
The steak has the texture of silk. The steak is hard. The steak is soft
The houses are selling like Popeyes spicy chicken sandwich. Yh he houses are selling quickly. The houses are selling slowly because the conditions are bad
The houses are selling like snow cones on a snowy day. Yh he houses are selling quickly. The houses are selling slowly because the conditions are bad
My puppy has the energy of an octogenarian librarian. My puppy doesn't have a lot of energy. My puppy has a lot of energy
My puppy has the energy of an all night rave. My puppy doesn't have a lot of energy. My puppy has a lot of energy
I found her to be as interesting as eating oatmeal. She was not interesting. She was very interesting
I found her to be as interesting as a naked lady in a basket weaving contest. She was not interesting. She was very interesting
Those peppers I ate were as hot as satan's toenails. The peppers were extremely hot. The peppers were not hot at all
Those peppers I ate were as hot as an old sock. The peppers were extremely hot. The peppers were not hot at all
The students thought the assignment was like reading a pop magazine. The assignment was enaging. The assignment was dry
The students thought the assignment was like reading a dictionary. The assignment was enaging. The assignment was dry
The student has a brain of a fruit fly. The student is dumb. The student is smart
The student has a brain of a sperm whale. The student is dumb. The student is smart
The wife has the appearance of an evil witch. The wife is ugly. The wife is beautiful
The wife has the appearance of a majestic queen. The wife is ugly. The wife is beautiful
The mirror is a bed of rocks. The mirror is bumpy. The mirror is smooth
The mirror is an ice rink. The mirror is bumpy. The mirror is smooth
The truck has as much towing power as A rhinoceros. The truck is powerful. The truck is weak
The truck has as much towing power as A tricycle. The truck is powerful. The truck is weak
Camping in the woods is as much fun as traffic. Camping is stressful. Camping is relaxing
Camping in the woods is as much fun as Bubble wrap. Camping is stressful. Camping is relaxing
His head is as big as A planet. His head is large. His head is small
His head is as big as A push pin. His head is large. His head is small
He has the health of a race winning horse. His health is good. His health is poor
He has the health of a woolly mammoth. His health is good. His health is poor
The tree has the height of the Burj Khalifa. The tree is extremely tall. The tree is short
The tree has the height of a baby teacup poodle. The tree is extremely tall. The tree is short
The soda has the carbonation of a kid blowing into a cup with a straw. The soda has a lot of carbonation. The soda is flat
The soda has the carbonation of a crepe dinner. The soda has a lot of carbonation. The soda is flat
Her fingernails were brittle like stale bread. Her fingernails were brittle. Her fingernails were not brittle
Her fingernails were brittle like diamonds. Her fingernails were brittle. Her fingernails were not brittle
His soul was a black hole. His soul was evil. His soul was good
His soul was heavenly. His soul was evil. His soul was good
She was a suitcase ready to be opened. She was extroverted. She was introverted
She was a locked treasure chest. She was extroverted. She was introverted
The book's message is as meaningful as a family heirloom. The book's message has profound meaning. The book's message has no meaning
The book's message is as meaningful as junkyard finds. The book's message has profound meaning. The book's message has no meaning
He can run like a fugitive. He can run really fast. He cannot run really fast
He can run like an eighty-year old man. He can run really fast. He cannot run really fast
My phone buzzes like a bee. My phone is busy. My phone is quiet
My phone buzzes like a statue. My phone is busy. My phone is quiet
The stick had the brittleness of the bones of an 80 year old woman who never drank milk. The stick is very brittle. The stick is strong
The stick had the brittleness of the diamonds core of an exotic star. The stick is very brittle. The stick is strong
Her perfume lingered like a mangy dog. Her perfume lingered heavily and smelled bad. Her perfume lingered lightly and smelled good
Her perfume lingered like a fairy. Her perfume lingered heavily and smelled bad. Her perfume lingered lightly and smelled good
That old machine is as useful as an udder on a bull. The machine is useless. The machine does a great job
That old machine is as useful as new machines. The machine is useless. The machine does a great job
He had the depth of a bathtub. He was shallow. He was deep
He had the depth of the sea. He was shallow. He was deep
The sky was a piece of onyx. The night sky was black. The sky was white
The sky was an opal. The night sky was black. The sky was white
The movie was as funny as a book of knock-knock jokes. The movie wasn't really funny. The movie was hilarious
The movie was as funny as a standup comedy show. The movie wasn't really funny. The movie was hilarious
The fence has the rust of an old nail. The fence is very rusty. The fence is not rusty
The fence has the rust of a diamond. The fence is very rusty. The fence is not rusty
She's as cultured as champagne. She is very cultured. She isn't cultured at all
She's as cultured as a bud-light. She is very cultured. She isn't cultured at all
Her tastes are more Ferrari than backyard junker. Her tastes are extremely expensive. Her tastes are cheap
Her tastes are more backyard junker than Ferrari. Her tastes are extremely expensive. Her tastes are cheap
The quarterback was throwing straight surface-to-air missiles. He throws far. He can't throw very well
The quarterback was throwing straight duds. He throws far. He can't throw very well
His argument was like a shadow. his argument had no substance. his argument was felt
His argument was like a chiropractor. his argument had no substance. his argument was felt
The day was like a news clip. the day went by fast. the day was really long
The day was like the Pan-American Highway. the day went by fast. the day was really long
The meeting was as solemn as Sunday morning Mass. The meeting had a tone of seriousness. The meeting had a tone of unseriousness
The meeting was as solemn as a college football game. The meeting had a tone of seriousness. The meeting had a tone of unseriousness
The restaurant experience was like a stately dinner. The restaurant experience was upper-class. The restaurant experience was homely and down-to-earth
The restaurant experience was like a dinner at grandma's on the weekend. The restaurant experience was upper-class. The restaurant experience was homely and down-to-earth
The lawyer was as humble as Icarus. The lawyer was showy and greatly believed in himself beyond reason. The lawyer was unassuming and had a gentle disposition
The lawyer was as humble as an ancient monk. The lawyer was showy and greatly believed in himself beyond reason. The lawyer was unassuming and had a gentle disposition
The bike tires have the sturdiness of a vanilla wafer. The bike tires are flimsy. The bike tires are well built
The bike tires have the sturdiness of Atlas. The bike tires are flimsy. The bike tires are well built
The lake is a wave pool. The lake is choppy. The lake is calm
The lake is a sheet of glass. The lake is choppy. The lake is calm
The ocean is a sheet of ice. The ocean is smooth. The ocean is choppy
The ocean is a bed of rocks. The ocean is smooth. The ocean is choppy
The TV show has the depth of a toilet. The TV show is shallow. The TV show is cerebral
The TV show has the depth of the dead sea. The TV show is shallow. The TV show is cerebral
She was as flaky as wood shavings. She was extremely flaky. She wasn't flaky at all
She was as flaky as steel. She was extremely flaky. She wasn't flaky at all
The book is an complex as the night sky. The book is very complicated. The book is easy to understand
The book is an complex as a children's puzzle. The book is very complicated. The book is easy to understand
Driving in this fog was like moving in quicksand. the fog was thick. the fog was thin
Driving in this fog was like a photon travelling in empty space. the fog was thick. the fog was thin
When she hustles, she looks like a transformer. she hustles cumbersomely. she hustles gracefully
When she hustles, she looks like a gazelle. she hustles cumbersomely. she hustles gracefully
He's as transparent as a window. He is easy to read. He is not easy to read
He's as transparent as a sandstorm. He is easy to read. He is not easy to read
That movie was as long as a prison sentence. The movie was really long. The movie was really short
That movie was as long as a fifty-yard dash. The movie was really long. The movie was really short
The fog has the thickness of a heavy woman's thighs. The fog is thick. The fog is thin
The fog has the thickness of Christian Bale in The Machinist. The fog is thick. The fog is thin
The show has all the cancelations of The Simpsons. The show has never been canceled. The show has been canceled many times
The show has all the cancelations of Futurama. The show has never been canceled. The show has been canceled many times
Her emotional resilience was as sturdy as glass. She was not emotionally resilient at all. She had a lot of emotional resilience
Her emotional resilience was as sturdy as spider silk. She was not emotionally resilient at all. She had a lot of emotional resilience
Her poem is a business contract. Her poem is boring. Her poem is exciting
Her poem is a literal manifesto. Her poem is boring. Her poem is exciting
This computer moves like an obese person in an electric scooter. the computer is slow. the computer is very fast
This computer moves like a race car. the computer is slow. the computer is very fast
The mother has the kindness of Santa's wife. The mother is giving. The mother is mean
The mother has the kindness of a praying Mantis. The mother is giving. The mother is mean
The student has the insight of a librarian. The student is smart. The student is unwise
The student has the insight of a goose. The student is smart. The student is unwise
That thing is as valuable as Jeff Bezos's bank account. The item is extremely valuable. The item is not valuable at all
That thing is as valuable as an empty beer can. The item is extremely valuable. The item is not valuable at all
Her boss is a grizzly. Her boss is aggressive and mean. Her boss is docile
Her boss is a goldfish. Her boss is aggressive and mean. Her boss is docile
His position on the platform was like A jenga tower. His position was not stable. His position was firm
His position on the platform was like A house with a stable platform. His position was not stable. His position was firm
The gorilla has the strength of a giant, mutant ant. The gorilla is strong. The gorilla is weak
The gorilla has the strength of a sick, old man. The gorilla is strong. The gorilla is weak
His feet were as big as a basketball player's. His feet were very big. His feet were small
His feet were as big as an adolescent child. His feet were very big. His feet were small
The gift I received was as welcomed as blessing from God. The gift was well-received and deemed beneficial to the receiver. The gift was not well-received or deemed beneficial to the receiver
The gift I received was as welcomed as curse from Satan. The gift was well-received and deemed beneficial to the receiver. The gift was not well-received or deemed beneficial to the receiver
The man was as ambitious as an astrophysicist. The man set ambitious goals for himself. The man lacked ambition
The man was as ambitious as a custodian. The man set ambitious goals for himself. The man lacked ambition
The marriage is as good as a fresh out of the oven bagel. They have an awesome marriage. Their marriage is horrible
The marriage is as good as a month old banana. They have an awesome marriage. Their marriage is horrible
His mother's voice seemed a splinter. His mother's voice was annoying/agitating. His mother's voice was soothing/calming
His mother's voice seemed a salve. His mother's voice was annoying/agitating. His mother's voice was soothing/calming
The book was as exciting as Noam Chomsky on qualudes. The book was boring. The book was gripping
The book was as exciting as winning the lottery the day you first got laid. The book was boring. The book was gripping
The preschool teacher was a grim reaper. The preschool teacher was dour. The preschool teacher was funny
The preschool teacher was a clown. The preschool teacher was dour. The preschool teacher was funny
The chemist was a lumberjack. The chemist was sloppy. The chemist was careful
The chemist was an artist. The chemist was sloppy. The chemist was careful
I could devour that book as if it was a slice of my favorite pizza. The book is interesting. The book is dull
I could devour that book as if it was a shoe sole. The book is interesting. The book is dull
This novel reads like poetry. The book has beautiful language. The book is really boring writing
This novel reads like a shopping list. The book has beautiful language. The book is really boring writing
That man has skin made of titanium. That man isn't very sensitive. That man is very sensitive
That man has skin made of tissue paper. That man isn't very sensitive. That man is very sensitive
That girl has the depth of a toilet. That girl is vain. That girl is profound
That girl has the depth of a diving pool. That girl is vain. That girl is profound
The woman has the skin of a cat's tongue. That woman has rough skin. That woman has smooth skin
The woman has the skin of mirror. That woman has rough skin. That woman has smooth skin
The child's singing voice sounded like Madonna's. The child's singing voice was excellent. The child's singing voice was poor
The child's singing voice sounded like a scratchy violin. The child's singing voice was excellent. The child's singing voice was poor
He had as much money as a tent dweller. He had no money. He had a lot of money
He had as much money as a mansion dweller. He had no money. He had a lot of money
The group were as collaborative as a bunch of monkeys. they didnt work well together. they worked well together
The group were as collaborative as well oiled gears. they didnt work well together. they worked well together
The display was bright as the sun. it was really bright. it was really dull
The display was bright as a new moon. it was really bright. it was really dull
The novel was as deep as a kiddie pool. it had no meaning. it had meaning
The novel was as deep as the great sea. it had no meaning. it had meaning
She had the swimming ability of a mermaid. She was a good swimmer. She was a bad swimmer
She had the swimming ability of a boulder. She was a good swimmer. She was a bad swimmer
This game is as hard as doing 1000 push ups. The game is very hard. The game is very easy
This game is as hard as brushing my teeth. The game is very hard. The game is very easy
Her eyes were as sparkly as ocean water. Her eyes were pretty. they weren't very pretty
Her eyes were as sparkly as mud. Her eyes were pretty. they weren't very pretty
She has the reality bending power of Dr. Manhattan from Watchmen. She has great reality bending powers. She has no ability to bend reality
She has the reality bending power of Nite Owl from Watchmen. She has great reality bending powers. She has no ability to bend reality
The new Hollywood movie has the intensity of a rollercoaster. The new Hollywood movie is very intense. The new Hollywood movie is dull
The new Hollywood movie has the intensity of an evening with grandma. The new Hollywood movie is very intense. The new Hollywood movie is dull
Hollywood has the depth of a puddle. Hollywood is shallow. Hollywood is profound
Hollywood has the depth of a skyscraper. Hollywood is shallow. Hollywood is profound
The man has a height of a mouse. The man is very short. The man is tall
The man has a height of a skyscraper. The man is very short. The man is tall
The mother was as controlling as a Navy captain. The mother was a very controlling person. The mother had a very loose parenting style
The mother was as controlling as a babysitter yakking on her cell phone. The mother was a very controlling person. The mother had a very loose parenting style
He's as free as a released prisoner. He's very free. He's not free at all
He's as free as a death-row inmate. He's very free. He's not free at all
Hollywood is as genuine as Silk. Hollywood is the real deal. Hollywood is fake
Hollywood is as genuine as Rayon. Hollywood is the real deal. Hollywood is fake
Jake was floating on the lake like Dandelion seeds floating in the air. Jake was floating like he was weightless. Jake was too heavy to float
Jake was floating on the lake like Concrete shoes. Jake was floating like he was weightless. Jake was too heavy to float
Life is as easy as Kindergarten for a high school senior. Life is basic. Life is beyond comprehension
Life is as easy as Kindergarten for a newborn. Life is basic. Life is beyond comprehension
She was as sweet as the days are long. She is very sweet. She isn't sweet at all
She was as sweet as vinegar. She is very sweet. She isn't sweet at all
He's as deep as a puddle. He doesn't have a lot of insight. He has a great deal of insight
He's as deep as the sea. He doesn't have a lot of insight. He has a great deal of insight
My aunt has a heart of gold. My aunt is very generous, loving. My aunt is very cold, stoic
My aunt has a heart of steel. My aunt is very generous, loving. My aunt is very cold, stoic
The mean girl has the depth of a kiddie pool. The mean girl is superficial. The mean girl is deep
The mean girl has the depth of the sea. The mean girl is superficial. The mean girl is deep
The actor is a yeti. The actor is hairy. The actor is hairless
The actor is a baby's bottom. The actor is hairy. The actor is hairless
The girl was as short as the Eiffel Tower. The girl was tall. The girl was very short
The girl was as short as a second. The girl was tall. The girl was very short
The man's heart was as big as the sea. The man had endless love. The man was stingy about his love
The man's heart was as big as a pea. The man had endless love. The man was stingy about his love
The boy's voice was as loud as a ship's whistle. The boy's voice was obnoxiously loud. The boy's voice couldn't be heard
The boy's voice was as loud as a fish. The boy's voice was obnoxiously loud. The boy's voice couldn't be heard
They left town like a jet. They left town quickly. They left town slowly
They left town like a herd of turtles. They left town quickly. They left town slowly
It had the consistency of water. It was liquid. It was solid
It had the consistency of concrete. It was liquid. It was solid
Living in a city is like Living with metal trees. Is not natural or close to nature. City life is easy and comfortable
Living in a city is like a walk along the lake shore. Is not natural or close to nature. City life is easy and comfortable
Life is like skydiving. you would find fear followed by excitement and happiness if we navigate through life properly. need to have the right balance
Life is like cycling. you would find fear followed by excitement and happiness if we navigate through life properly. need to have the right balance
Your career is like a flowing river. It's a journey with lots of obstacles that you need to overcome to reach your  goals. Down falls in career would follow with quick rise ups with hard work
Your career is like a roller coaster ride. It's a journey with lots of obstacles that you need to overcome to reach your  goals. Down falls in career would follow with quick rise ups with hard work
He ate like a horse. He ate a lot. He barely ate at all
He ate like a bird. He ate a lot. He barely ate at all
The groups are as separate as Berlin during the Cold War. The groups are apart from each other. The groups are different from each other but together enough to add strength to each other
The groups are as separate as strands of yarn. The groups are apart from each other. The groups are different from each other but together enough to add strength to each other
When you are in a slump focus on first base. just do the first part of your goal. stop and look at life
When you are in a slump focus on the roses. just do the first part of your goal. stop and look at life
The girl's engagement ring sparkled like New Year's Eve confetti. The girl's engagement ring was very shiny. The girl's engagement ring was really dull
The girl's engagement ring sparkled like a block of lead. The girl's engagement ring was very shiny. The girl's engagement ring was really dull
He's as fun as a party. He's fun. He's boring
He's as fun as watching paint dry. He's fun. He's boring
He has eyes like a hawk. He sees well. He can't see well
He has eyes like a bat. He sees well. He can't see well
He's as lenient as a prison guard. He's not lenient at all. He's very lenient
He's as lenient as a dad trying to win his kids' love. He's not lenient at all. He's very lenient
He keeps time like a stopwatch. He keeps time really well. He doesn't keep time that well
He keeps time like a three-year old on sugar. He keeps time really well. He doesn't keep time that well
The country has all the enemies of a wounded seal in shark infested waters. The country has many enemies. The country has few enemies
The country has all the enemies of Mister Rogers. The country has many enemies. The country has few enemies
That dog has the fur of a naked mole rat. The dog is bald. The dog is fluffy
That dog has the fur of a lion's mane. The dog is bald. The dog is fluffy
The baby is as loud as a whisper. The baby is quiet. The baby makes a lot of noise
The baby is as loud as a foghorn. The baby is quiet. The baby makes a lot of noise
Honesty is a down comforter for one's conscience. Honesty creates a clear conscience. Honesty restricts ambition
Honesty is a burden on one's ambitions. Honesty creates a clear conscience. Honesty restricts ambition
The car had the speed of Zeus chasing a pretty young maiden. Fast like a god hitting on a girl. The car had to be going slow
The car had the speed of a street sign in a school zone. Fast like a god hitting on a girl. The car had to be going slow
The child worked as hard as a premed student. The child put forth his best effort. The child was lazy
The child worked as hard as a high school dropout. The child put forth his best effort. The child was lazy
He roared like a lion. He roared loudly. He roared softly
He roared like a kitten. He roared loudly. He roared softly
The defenses are as thick as steel. The defenses are strong. The defenses are weak
The defenses are as thick as air. The defenses are strong. The defenses are weak
The comedian was as funny as a clown. The comedian was funny. The comedian was not funny
The comedian was as funny as a corpse. The comedian was funny. The comedian was not funny
That city was the heartbeat of California. The city had the pure essence of California. The city did not represent California and actually it made it worse
That city was a blister on California. The city had the pure essence of California. The city did not represent California and actually it made it worse
The writer's work is as inspired as a morning sunrise. The writer's work is totally refreshing. The writer's work is bland
The writer's work is as inspired as a peanut butter sandwich. The writer's work is totally refreshing. The writer's work is bland
The movie has the depth of a cookie sheet filled with melted red Jello. The movie is boring. The movie is profound
The movie has the depth of the deepest most mysterious part of the Marianna Trench in the darkest black ocean. The movie is boring. The movie is profound
The room is as crowded as the beach in the summer. The room is packed. The room is empty
The room is as crowded as the Arctic. The room is packed. The room is empty
The kitchen counter looked like a toddler cleaned it. The kitchen counter was messy. The kitchen counter was pristinely clean
The kitchen counter looked like an Army general cleaned it. The kitchen counter was messy. The kitchen counter was pristinely clean
He punches like a gorilla. his punches are heavy. his punches are light
He punches like a mosquito. his punches are heavy. his punches are light
The horse had the power of a Ferrari. The horse is very strong. The horse is weak
The horse had the power of a bicycle. The horse is very strong. The horse is weak
The judge had the intelligence of a cricket. The judge is not smart. The judge is smart
The judge had the intelligence of a surgeon. The judge is not smart. The judge is smart
That wave was as big as everest. The wave was very big. The wave wasn't big at all
That wave was as big as a pebble. The wave was very big. The wave wasn't big at all
She could eat like a a starved bear. She ate very ravenously. She barely ate.
She could eat like a an ant. She ate very ravenously. She barely ate.
The high school athlete has the speed of a jaguar. The high school athlete is fast. The high school athlete is slow
The high school athlete has the speed of a banana slug. The high school athlete is fast. The high school athlete is slow
The professor is as engaging as Bill Cosby. The professor is very engaging. The professor is very dry
The professor is as engaging as a dictionary. The professor is very engaging. The professor is very dry
Jim is a rusty toolbox. Jim is useless. Jim is useful
Jim is a cabinet full of tools. Jim is useless. Jim is useful
His eyes move like a hummingbird's wings. His eyes move rapidly. His eyes move slowly
His eyes move like a giant sloth. His eyes move rapidly. His eyes move slowly
The table is a bed of rocks. The table is bumpy. The table is smooth
The table is a sheet of glass. The table is bumpy. The table is smooth
This is about as legal as the supreme court. It's very legal. It's very illegal
This is about as legal as a bank robbery. It's very legal. It's very illegal
This is as fun as a bowl of nachos. It's very fun. It's not fun at all
This is as fun as stubbing your toe. It's very fun. It's not fun at all
His eyes have the sharpness of an eagle with binoculars. His eyes are very good. His eyesight is poor
His eyes have the sharpness of a bat with broken glasses. His eyes are very good. His eyesight is poor
He's smart as a whip. He's very smart. He's not smart at all
He's smart as a brick. He's very smart. He's not smart at all
The stars shined as bright as the sun. The stars were very bright. The stars were dull
The stars shined as bright as wood. The stars were very bright. The stars were dull
The actor was as famous as Jesus Christ. The actor was known widely and had the same following/influence as a religious figure. The actor was known only by a few people and only had a very small amount of influence
The actor was as famous as the local mailman. The actor was known widely and had the same following/influence as a religious figure. The actor was known only by a few people and only had a very small amount of influence
The shopping list was as detailed as the Constitution. The shopping list was orderly written with specific details. The shopping list was unorganized and thrown together with not much attention to detail
The shopping list was as detailed as a toddler's letter to Santa. The shopping list was orderly written with specific details. The shopping list was unorganized and thrown together with not much attention to detail
The homework assignment was as difficult as an end-of-the-year project. The homework assignment was very difficult and required a lot of effort and a lot of time. The homework assignment was very easy and required very little effort and time
The homework assignment was as difficult as reciting the ABCs. The homework assignment was very difficult and required a lot of effort and a lot of time. The homework assignment was very easy and required very little effort and time
She is a porcelain plate. She is delicate. She is tough
She is a pizza pan. She is delicate. She is tough
The man's ego was the size of a pea. The man's ego was tiny. The man had a big ego
The man's ego was the size of a boulder. The man's ego was tiny. The man had a big ego
The blanket was as soft as a marshmallow. The blanket was super soft. The blanket was not soft at all
The blanket was as soft as a crocodile's armor. The blanket was super soft. The blanket was not soft at all
The football player a hurricane. The football player is destructive. The football player is resistant
The football player a brick. The football player is destructive. The football player is resistant
The hole goes all the way down to the center of the earth. the hole is deep. the hole is shallow
The hole goes all the way down to the tops of my shoes. the hole is deep. the hole is shallow
The politician has the transparency of a pane of glass. The politician is very transparent. The politician is not transparent
The politician has the transparency of a metal door. The politician is very transparent. The politician is not transparent
The letter had the depth of a tide pool. The letter was superficial. The letter was profound
The letter had the depth of the bottom of the sea. The letter was superficial. The letter was profound
The professor had the depth of a bath tub. The professor was boring. The professor was profound
The professor had the depth of the Mariana Trench. The professor was boring. The professor was profound
He sang like he'd just been divorced. He was very emotional while singing. He was not emotional at all
He sang like a robot in need of an update. He was very emotional while singing. He was not emotional at all
The sunset had the hue of a bowl of fresh picked oranges. The sunset was very orange. The sunset was hardly orange at all
The sunset had the hue of a bowl of rotten, six week old oranges. The sunset was very orange. The sunset was hardly orange at all
My friend's arrival was a swift as a turtle. My friend was slow to arrive. My friend arrived quickly
My friend's arrival was a swift as a formula 1 race car. My friend was slow to arrive. My friend arrived quickly
Their arrival was like a cool hand on a feverish forehead. Their arrival was soothing and welcome. Their arrival was boring
Their arrival was like a kernel stuck in your teeth. Their arrival was soothing and welcome. Their arrival was boring
The rustling was as loud as a power lawn mower. The rustling was obnoxiously loud. The rustling was very quiet
The rustling was as loud as a library. The rustling was obnoxiously loud. The rustling was very quiet
When Billy danced, it was poetry on the dance floor. Billy was a graceful dancer. Billy was not a graceful dancer
When Billy danced, it was an oil spill on the dance floor. Billy was a graceful dancer. Billy was not a graceful dancer
The man's room looked like a junkyard. The man's room was a mess. The man's room was well organized
The man's room looked like a classroom on the first day of school. The man's room was a mess. The man's room was well organized
The football fans at the beginning of the season were as hopeful as people on New Year's Day. The football fans believed that football season would filled with good things and had hope for a successful season. The football fans believed that the football season would be miserable and thus did not have much hope about the success of the season
The football fans at the beginning of the season were as hopeful as one of the characters stuck in Dante's inferno. The football fans believed that football season would filled with good things and had hope for a successful season. The football fans believed that the football season would be miserable and thus did not have much hope about the success of the season
The priest had the disposition of a dictator. The priest was authoritarian and sought to get his way above all else. The priest was gentle, loving, and humble
The priest had the disposition of Christ himself. The priest was authoritarian and sought to get his way above all else. The priest was gentle, loving, and humble
The TV show was as easy to understand as one of Hegel's philosophy books. The TV show was very complicated and difficult to parse through for understanding. The TV show was simple enough for anyone to understand
The TV show was as easy to understand as Dr. Seuss tale. The TV show was very complicated and difficult to parse through for understanding. The TV show was simple enough for anyone to understand
The movie's excitement level was like that of Watching paint dry. The movie is boring. The movie is exciting
The movie's excitement level was like that of A three-ring circus. The movie is boring. The movie is exciting
The book had the clarity of glass. The book was clear and easy to understand. The book was confusing and hard to understand
The book had the clarity of mud. The book was clear and easy to understand. The book was confusing and hard to understand
The phone had all the charge of a nuclear power plant before a meltdown. The phone has a lot of charge. The phone has no charge
The phone had all the charge of a Sega Game Gear left in the attic for 25 years. The phone has a lot of charge. The phone has no charge
This book has the originality of a copy machine. This book is predictable and overdone. This book has nothing like it
This book has the originality of a snowflake. This book is predictable and overdone. This book has nothing like it
That flower has the beauty of a peacock sitting in a weeping willow under a rainbow. The flower is beautiful and rare. That flower is disgusting
That flower has the beauty of the bottom of an empty dumpster. The flower is beautiful and rare. That flower is disgusting
It was as challenging as Mt. Everest. It was difficult. It was easy
It was as challenging as tying one's shoes. It was difficult. It was easy
The movie has the speed of a dead chicken. The movie is slow. The movie is fast-paced
The movie has the speed of a Lamborghini. The movie is slow. The movie is fast-paced
The girl's smile was as bright as a Christmas ornament. The girl's smile was exuberant. The girl didn't smile very brightly
The girl's smile was as bright as a piece of slate. The girl's smile was exuberant. The girl didn't smile very brightly
The car is a pile of dog poop. The car is trash. The car is wonderful
The car is a treasure chest. The car is trash. The car is wonderful
The cat is a  wooly mammoth. The cat is hairy. The cat is bald
The cat is a naked mole rat. The cat is hairy. The cat is bald
Mornings spent here are nightmares comes to life. The mornings there are awful. The mornings there are wonderful
Mornings spent here are dreams come true. The mornings there are awful. The mornings there are wonderful
Toddlers are angels in human form. Toddlers are innocent and sweet. Toddlers are unpleasant and evil
Toddlers are devils in human form. Toddlers are innocent and sweet. Toddlers are unpleasant and evil
That man had all the charm of skunk spray. He was not charming at all. He was very charming
That man had all the charm of a chocolate strawberry. He was not charming at all. He was very charming
The cat is as small as a hippopotamus. The cat is very large. The cat is tiny
The cat is as small as an ant. The cat is very large. The cat is tiny
The field is as green as a school bus. The field is yellow and dying. The field is bright green
The field is as green as a tree frog. The field is yellow and dying. The field is bright green
The car was a cheetah. The car was fast. The car was slow
The car was a slug. The car was fast. The car was slow
The meaning of life is quantum theory. The meaning of life is complicated. The meaning of life is simple
The meaning of life is duck, duck, goose. The meaning of life is complicated. The meaning of life is simple
He smelled like success. He smelled good. He smelled bad
He smelled like defeat. He smelled good. He smelled bad
Her laughter was like a favorite song. The sound of her laughter was pleasant. The sound of her laughter was unpleasant
Her laughter was like a woodchipper. The sound of her laughter was pleasant. The sound of her laughter was unpleasant
The girl makes her emotions as easy to read as a geometry textbook. The girl's emotions are hard to read. The girl's emotions are really easy to figure out
The girl makes her emotions as easy to read as a billboard sign. The girl's emotions are hard to read. The girl's emotions are really easy to figure out
The lawyer's tenacity was like a bulldog. The lawyer was highly motivated. The lawyer had no drive
The lawyer's tenacity was like a koala. The lawyer was highly motivated. The lawyer had no drive
The child swims as well as a salmon. The child swims really expertly. The child flounders around in the pool
The child swims as well as a peacock. The child swims really expertly. The child flounders around in the pool
The dog barked as loudly as a cheering audience. The dog yipped wildly. The dog made no sound
The dog barked as loudly as a sleeping baby. The dog yipped wildly. The dog made no sound
The chapter has the depth of a bathtub. The chapter is boring. The chapter is profound
The chapter has the depth of the sea. The chapter is boring. The chapter is profound
The driveway is a ski slope. The driveway is steep. The driveway is flat
The driveway is a plain. The driveway is steep. The driveway is flat
The sandwich is as thick as a dictionary. the sandwich is huge. the sandwich is thin
The sandwich is as thick as a veil. the sandwich is huge. the sandwich is thin
The tea tastes like paper. the tea is flavorless. the tea has interesting flavors
The tea tastes like the tropics. the tea is flavorless. the tea has interesting flavors
The sandwich bread had the thickness of a car tire. The bread was thick. The bread was thin
The sandwich bread had the thickness of a wood shaving. The bread was thick. The bread was thin
The woman's waistline had the width of a toothpick. The waistline was small. The waistline was large
The woman's waistline had the width of the equator. The waistline was small. The waistline was large
The conversation was as shallow as a bird bath. The conversation was superficial. The conversation was intriguing
The conversation was a deep rabbit hole. The conversation was superficial. The conversation was intriguing
Her pillow is a rock. The pillow is hard. The pillow is soft
Her pillow is a marshmallow. The pillow is hard. The pillow is soft
The air is a warm hug. The air is warm and cozy. The air is cold and irritating
The air is a biting fly. The air is warm and cozy. The air is cold and irritating
The sandwich was a mother's hug. The sandwich was delicious and comforting. The sandwich was painfully unpleasant
The sandwich was a fist to the face. The sandwich was delicious and comforting. The sandwich was painfully unpleasant
The shower had the moisture of a greenhouse in a hurricane. The shower was moist. The shower had little moisture
The shower had the moisture of a pizza left in the oven for an hour. The shower was moist. The shower had little moisture
The ball was a trampoline. The ball was bouncy. The ball was not bouncy
The ball was a brick of lead. The ball was bouncy. The ball was not bouncy
The teacher graded as harshly as a Navy SEAL. The teacher's grading was very difficult. The teacher's grading was very relaxed
The teacher graded as harshly as a saint. The teacher's grading was very difficult. The teacher's grading was very relaxed
She's as cool as Antarctica. She's very cool. She's not very cool
She's as cool as the Sahara. She's very cool. She's not very cool
Rest is a sky full of clouds. Rest is very restful. Rest is restless
Rest is pacing back and forth. Rest is very restful. Rest is restless
Her nail polish was as shiny as aluminium foil. Her nail polish was shiny. Her nail polish was dull
Her nail polish was as shiny as dull metal. Her nail polish was shiny. Her nail polish was dull
This baseball game has the entertainment value watching paint dry. baseball is boring. baseball has action
This baseball game has the entertainment value an action movie. baseball is boring. baseball has action
The girl is as coordinated as the London symphony. The girl is very well coordinated. The girl has no coordination at all
The girl is as coordinated as a baby giraffe. The girl is very well coordinated. The girl has no coordination at all
The movie's star was as well-known as a primary color. The movie star was a household name. The movie star was totally obsolete
The movie's star was as well-known as the color burlywood. The movie star was a household name. The movie star was totally obsolete
The doctor is a bigfoot. The doctor is sloppy. The doctor is careful
The doctor is an artist. The doctor is sloppy. The doctor is careful
The joke is like a ton of concrete. The joke is terrible. The joke is hilarious
The joke is like a hit of laughing gas. The joke is terrible. The joke is hilarious
He shares as much as scrooge. He doesn't share much at all. He shares a lot
He shares as much as Santa Claus. He doesn't share much at all. He shares a lot
The basketball player had the height of a giraffe. The player was tall. The player was short
The basketball player had the height of an ant. The player was tall. The player was short
Spilling secrets to a friend can be a walking disaster down the line. Spilling secrets to a friend is a bad idea. Spilling secrets to a friend is a way to bring people together to talk about things
Spilling secrets to a friend can be a a magnetic experience for the group. Spilling secrets to a friend is a bad idea. Spilling secrets to a friend is a way to bring people together to talk about things
Cats have the luck of The Irish. They have good fortune. Cats keep trying until they get the results they want
Cats have the luck of A compulsive gambler. They have good fortune. Cats keep trying until they get the results they want
The mattress was as comfortable as a pile of marshmallows. The mattress was very comfortable. The mattress was uncomfortable
The mattress was as comfortable as a pile of rocks. The mattress was very comfortable. The mattress was uncomfortable
The plane ride was as choppy as a knife. The plane ride was very choppy. The plane ride was smooth
The plane ride was as choppy as a freshwater lake. The plane ride was very choppy. The plane ride was smooth
This painting makes me feel as if I am home. The painting makes the speaker feel safe and in a familiar place. The painting makes the speaker feel out of their element and unsure
This painting makes me feel as if I am lost. The painting makes the speaker feel safe and in a familiar place. The painting makes the speaker feel out of their element and unsure
He had the artistic talent of a Renaissance artist. He was artistically talented. He was artistically untalented
He had the artistic talent of a finger-painting toddler. He was artistically talented. He was artistically untalented
When it comes to running, I'm practically a cheetah. When it comes to running, I'm very fast. When it comes to running, I'm very slow
When it comes to running, I'm practically a turtle. When it comes to running, I'm very fast. When it comes to running, I'm very slow
The new product was iPhone like. The new product was expensive. The new product was economical
The new product was LG like. The new product was expensive. The new product was economical
This weeknight meal encompasses as much food as the Last Supper. This weeknight meal is very lavish. This weeknight meal barely has any food
This weeknight meal encompasses as much food as a few crumbs. This weeknight meal is very lavish. This weeknight meal barely has any food
She's as gentle as a puppy. She's very gentle. She's vicious
She's as gentle as a shark. She's very gentle. She's vicious
This food has the flavor of ambrosia. This food tastes good. This food tastes bad
This food has the flavor of garbage. This food tastes good. This food tastes bad
The chef's sauce has the taste of A liquid drained through soiled socks. The chef's sauce was horrible. The chef's sauce tasted great
The chef's sauce has the taste of A wonderful condiment from heaven. The chef's sauce was horrible. The chef's sauce tasted great
The digest's compilation was organized like A rummage sale. The digest's compilation was disorderly and not organized. The digest's compilation was well organized and orderly
The digest's compilation was organized like A crack platoon of soldiers. The digest's compilation was disorderly and not organized. The digest's compilation was well organized and orderly
The world spins like a roulette wheel. The world operates on chance. The world is determined by what you do
The world spins like a like a hula-hoop around your waist. The world operates on chance. The world is determined by what you do
This food is as rich as a tech billionaire. This is food is very rich/flavorful. This food is not at all rich/has bad flavor
This food is as rich as a a homeless bum. This is food is very rich/flavorful. This food is not at all rich/has bad flavor
This wine is like the Sahara. The wine is very dry. The wine is very sweet
This wine is like candy. The wine is very dry. The wine is very sweet
The casino has the integrity of a priest. The casino is just and fair. The casino is ruthless
The casino has the integrity of the devil. The casino is just and fair. The casino is ruthless
The gambler is a lumberjack. The gambler is sloppy. The gambler is careful
The gambler is a ballerina. The gambler is sloppy. The gambler is careful
The diss track was an execution. The diss track was brutal. The diss track was weak
The diss track was an a light tickle. The diss track was brutal. The diss track was weak
His work ethic was made with steel beams. He was solid and dependable. He was not reliable a failure
His work ethic was made with jelly. He was solid and dependable. He was not reliable a failure
This couch has all the comfort of a nice cloud. The couch was very comfortable. The couch was not very comfortable
This couch has all the comfort of a pile of nails. The couch was very comfortable. The couch was not very comfortable
The blanket felt as soft as a brick's surface. The blanket isn't soft at all. The blanket is very soft
The blanket felt as soft as rabbit fur. The blanket isn't soft at all. The blanket is very soft
Magic is a butterfly. Magic is beautiful. Magic is ugly
Magic is a frog. Magic is beautiful. Magic is ugly
This hurts as much as Brad Pitt hurt Jennifer Aniston. This hurts a lot. This does not hurt at all
This hurts as much as eating chocolate. This hurts a lot. This does not hurt at all
She treats him like he's a soft puppy. She treats him too nicely. She treats him too harshly
She treats him like he's a rabid wolf. She treats him too nicely. She treats him too harshly
She smelled like a trash can. She stunk. She smelled nice
She smelled like a rose. She stunk. She smelled nice
Our love is deep like the ocean. Our love is strong. Our love is weak
Our love is deep like a puddle. Our love is strong. Our love is weak
The knife is as shiny as a freshly polished piece of jewelry. The knife is shiny. The knife is not shiny
The knife is as shiny as a rusty nail. The knife is shiny. The knife is not shiny
The girl is as flighty as a plane. The girl is very flighty. The girl is very steady
The girl is as flighty as a rock. The girl is very flighty. The girl is very steady
The bone has the white of the blinding lights of Heaven. The bone is very white. The bone is not white
The bone has the white of the La Brea tar pits. The bone is very white. The bone is not white
He is as brave as a leopard. he is brave. he is a coward
He is as brave as a cow. he is brave. he is a coward
Traffic is moving at the speed of a turtle. Traffic is slow. Traffic is moving fast
Traffic is moving at the speed of a rocket. Traffic is slow. Traffic is moving fast
Our enemies have the strength of an army of of hoplites. The enemies are very strong and coordinated. The enemies are weak and helpless
Our enemies have the strength of a sleeping koala. The enemies are very strong and coordinated. The enemies are weak and helpless
The villain has the brain of Einstein. The villain is a genius. The villain isn't very bright
The villain has the brain of a kindergartener. The villain is a genius. The villain isn't very bright
The runner has the speed of Usain Bolt. The runner is fast. The runner is slow
The runner has the speed of a turtle. The runner is fast. The runner is slow
The girl's taste was as rich as champagne. The girl had expensive taste. The girl had cheap and tacky taste
The girl's taste was as rich as beer. The girl had expensive taste. The girl had cheap and tacky taste
He's knows as much about science as an enclyclopedia. He knows a lot about science. He doesn't know much about science at all
He's knows as much about science as a monkey. He knows a lot about science. He doesn't know much about science at all
The dog is a wooly mammoth. The dog is hairy. The dog is bald
The dog is a naked mole rat. The dog is hairy. The dog is bald
The tree was a gnarled old man. The tree was old. The tree was young
The tree was a spry young lad. The tree was old. The tree was young
This argument is like a fly spiralling towards a light. the argument is pointless. the argument is meaningful
This argument is like looking into a crystal ball. the argument is pointless. the argument is meaningful
His torso has the appearance of a stalk of celery. This torso is skinny. His torso is obese
His torso has the appearance of great mounds of dough. This torso is skinny. His torso is obese
The song is reminiscent of a soft evening breeze. The song is soothing. The song is loud and irritating
The song is reminiscent of the blaring of sirens. The song is soothing. The song is loud and irritating
Accepting candy from strangers is as safe as trusting a one-night stand who proclaims they "tested clean.". Accepting candy from strangers is dangerous. Accepting candy from strangers is perfectly safe
Accepting candy from strangers is as safe as enjoying your mom's freshly-baked cookies. Accepting candy from strangers is dangerous. Accepting candy from strangers is perfectly safe
He's got the muscles of a gorilla. He's very muscular. He's not very muscular
He's got the muscles of a skeleton. He's very muscular. He's not very muscular
The falling comet was like a firework. The falling comet was over quickly. The falling comet lasted forever
The falling comet was like a streetlight. The falling comet was over quickly. The falling comet lasted forever
My backyard is like a vast forest. My backyard is overgrown and unkempt. My backyard is small and confining
My backyard is like a cubicle. My backyard is overgrown and unkempt. My backyard is small and confining
Watching kids is as fun as setting yourself on fire. Watching kids is miserable. watching kids is really fun
Watching kids is as fun as going through a chocolate factory. Watching kids is miserable. watching kids is really fun
Studying math is akin to gouging your eyes out. Studying math can be a really hard subject to grasp and drains your mental energy. Studying math can be a really easy subject to understand
Studying math is akin to a walk in the park. Studying math can be a really hard subject to grasp and drains your mental energy. Studying math can be a really easy subject to understand
The plot was as intricate as a Set of kid's blocks. The plot was simple. The plot was complicated
The plot was as intricate as a The parts of a precision timepiece. The plot was simple. The plot was complicated
Her teeth are as shiny as tinsel. Her teeth are sparkling. Her teeth aren't shiny at all
Her teeth are as shiny as concrete. Her teeth are sparkling. Her teeth aren't shiny at all
That man has the honesty of a saint. The man is very honest. The man is not honest at all
That man has the honesty of a crook. The man is very honest. The man is not honest at all
He fought as hard as an attack dog. He fought hard. He didn't put up a fight at all
He fought as hard as an opossum. He fought hard. He didn't put up a fight at all
this cake tastes like dirt. this cake is very bad. this cake is very good
this cake tastes like heaven. this cake is very bad. this cake is very good
The chair was as comfortable as A bed of nails. The chair is uncomfortable. The chair is very comfortable
The chair was as comfortable as A cloud from heaven. The chair is uncomfortable. The chair is very comfortable
The movie's script had the depth of A Sesame Street episode. The script is shallow and simple. The script is deep and mysterious
The movie's script had the depth of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's best novel. The script is shallow and simple. The script is deep and mysterious
Studying for a spelling test is a piece of cake. Studying for a spelling test is easy. Studying for a spelling test is hard
Studying for a spelling test is akin to fighting a zombie apocalypse with no weapons. Studying for a spelling test is easy. Studying for a spelling test is hard
The woman had as much romanticism as an icicle. The woman wasn't romantic at all. The woman was highly romantic
The woman had as much romanticism as Cupid. The woman wasn't romantic at all. The woman was highly romantic
His imagination is as small as a peanut. He is uncreative. He has a vivid imagination
His imagination is as broad as the sky. He is uncreative. He has a vivid imagination
The crowd was as alert as a gazelle on the Serengeti. The crowd was on edge. The crowd was bored
The crowd was as alert as a grandpa in a rocker. The crowd was on edge. The crowd was bored
The girl had the laughter of a teakettle's whistle. The laughter is loud and annoying. The laughter is haunting
The girl had the laughter of a loon's warble. The laughter is loud and annoying. The laughter is haunting
Security is tight as a straight jacket. Security is tight. Security is loose
Security is tight as a loose fitting sweater. Security is tight. Security is loose
The house had the appeal of seductive gentleman. The house was inviting and beautiful to behold. The house was disinviting and not particularly alluring
The house had the appeal of a haunted house. The house was inviting and beautiful to behold. The house was disinviting and not particularly alluring
My mood was like a whirlpool. My mood was chaotic and turbulent; it was all over the place. My mood was steady and calm
My mood was like a peaceful mountain river. My mood was chaotic and turbulent; it was all over the place. My mood was steady and calm
The cake slice was as soft as a wooden block. The cake slice was very tough. The cake slice was soft and light
The cake slice was as soft as a sponge. The cake slice was very tough. The cake slice was soft and light
The acne on the girl's face was as noticeable as Paris on a map of France. The acne on the girl's face was very prominent. The acne on the girl's face was hidden
The acne on the girl's face was as noticeable as an atom in the universe. The acne on the girl's face was very prominent. The acne on the girl's face was hidden
The girl was as knowledgeable about other people's business as a Washington Post reporter. The girl knew everyone's business. The girl never knew anyone's business
The girl was as knowledgeable about other people's business as a shut-in. The girl knew everyone's business. The girl never knew anyone's business
This house has the spaciousness of Asia. This house is huge. This house is very small
This house has the spaciousness of a jail cell. This house is huge. This house is very small
My girlfriend has the smell of roses. My girlfriend smells nice. My girlfriend smells bad
My girlfriend has the smell of a garbage can. My girlfriend smells nice. My girlfriend smells bad
The girl's hair was as bright as a diamond. The girl's hair was shiny. The girl's hair was dull
The girl's hair was as bright as an overripe banana peel. The girl's hair was shiny. The girl's hair was dull
The girl ate as much as an Eagles quarterback. The girl ate everything. The girl ate nothing
The girl ate as much as a baby robin. The girl ate everything. The girl ate nothing
Last night was as dark as a black body. last night was pitch black. last night was bright
Last night was as dark as a midnight sun. last night was pitch black. last night was bright
The clacks of my keyboard are as loud as a shotgun in an empty room. The keyboard was extremely loud. The keyboard was almost completely silent
The clacks of my keyboard are as loud as a crawling caterpillar. The keyboard was extremely loud. The keyboard was almost completely silent
That website is as useful as a landmine in a kitchen. The website was not useful and not practical. The website was very useful
That website is as useful as a million dollars. The website was not useful and not practical. The website was very useful
The movie has the depth of caked makeup. The movie is shallow and boring. The movie is deep and powerful
The movie has the depth of a volcano. The movie is shallow and boring. The movie is deep and powerful
The President has the mind of a drooling baby. The President is a moron. The President is a genius
The President has the mind of Albert Einstein. The President is a moron. The President is a genius
The employee is as hard-working as a slug. The employee is lazy. The employee is hard-working
The employee is as hard-working as a spider. The employee is lazy. The employee is hard-working
The soldier is a smart as a goldfish. The soldier is stupid. The soldier is very smart
The soldier is a smart as a dolphin. The soldier is stupid. The soldier is very smart
The grading policy is as flexible as silly putty. The grading policy is very lenient. The grading policy is very strict
The grading policy is as flexible as a metal pole. The grading policy is very lenient. The grading policy is very strict
The third-word country's military was that of A group of boy scouts. The third-word country's military was very amature. The third-word country's military was very professional
The third-word country's military was that of A top-notch band of commandos. The third-word country's military was very amature. The third-word country's military was very professional
The lamp lit the room up like an explosion. The lamp gave off a lot of light. The lamp did not give off much light
The lamp lit the room up like a poor candle. The lamp gave off a lot of light. The lamp did not give off much light
The boy's wit is as sharp as a razor. The boy has much wit. The boy has not much wit
The boy's wit is as sharp as a dull knife. The boy has much wit. The boy has not much wit
Reading the book is a fun little jog. The book is a quick, entertaining read. The book is very dense and hard to get through
Reading the book is marching through mud. The book is a quick, entertaining read. The book is very dense and hard to get through
This game's rules are a calculus textbook. The game's rules are complicated. The game's rules are simple
This game's rules are a child's picture book. The game's rules are complicated. The game's rules are simple
My head is a drum solo. My head is pounding. My head feels cool and pleasant
My head is an autumn breeze. My head is pounding. My head feels cool and pleasant
The food tasted like a childhood memory. The food tastes good and is comforting. The food is disgusting and unpleasant
The food tasted like the underside of a toilet. The food tastes good and is comforting. The food is disgusting and unpleasant
The land is a rock garden. The land is bumpy. The land is smooth
The land is an ice rink. The land is bumpy. The land is smooth
The runner is a sloth. The runner is slow. The runner is fast
The runner is a cheetah. The runner is slow. The runner is fast
The president spoke with the authority of a lion. The president shows strength in the boldness of his speech. The president speaks from a place of weakness, showing no authority
The president spoke with the authority of peasant. The president shows strength in the boldness of his speech. The president speaks from a place of weakness, showing no authority
He is as sharp as a razor. He is very smart. He lacks intelligence
He is as sharp as a bowling ball. He is very smart. He lacks intelligence
Time was moving like a cheetah. Time was moving very quickly. Time was barely moving
Time was moving like a snail. Time was moving very quickly. Time was barely moving
The movie has the pacing of a slug. The movie is slow. The movie is well-paced
The movie has the pacing of a Tour de France champion. The movie is slow. The movie is well-paced
The girl's dreams were as aspirational as a stargazer. The girl had lofty dreams. The girl had absolutely no dreams
The girl's dreams were as aspirational as mud. The girl had lofty dreams. The girl had absolutely no dreams
Your solution is a knife in a wound. Their solution makes things worse. Their solution really helps
Your solution is a a stitch in a wound. Their solution makes things worse. Their solution really helps
The house has the strength of popsicle sticks. The house is weak. The house is strong
The house has the strength of steel. The house is weak. The house is strong
The wall is as thick as bricks. You can hear nothing through the wall. You can hear everything through the wall
The wall is as thick as paper. You can hear nothing through the wall. You can hear everything through the wall
He is as smart as my doctor. He is incredibly smart. He is not smart at all
He is as smart as a door handle. He is incredibly smart. He is not smart at all
Compared to their competitors' tech, this prototype looks like it has been made by a dinosaur. The prototype is fundamentally simple and thus too basic. The prototype is incredibly advanced compared to other similar products on the market
Compared to their competitors' tech, this prototype looks like it has come from 4021. The prototype is fundamentally simple and thus too basic. The prototype is incredibly advanced compared to other similar products on the market
This man had a temper of The Incredible Hulk. The man is easily and profoundly angered. The man is rarely angered and usually calm
This man had a temper of The Care Bears. The man is easily and profoundly angered. The man is rarely angered and usually calm
That professor was about as helpful as a Spanish to English book when you only know Russian. The professor is useless as a source of knowledge. The professor is extremely knowledgeable
That professor was about as helpful as Google as a person. The professor is useless as a source of knowledge. The professor is extremely knowledgeable
Those pancakes tasted as if they were made of drywall drenched in syrup. The pancakes are awful. The pancakes are fantastic
Those pancakes tasted as if God himself cooked them on Heaven's skillet. The pancakes are awful. The pancakes are fantastic
The costume fit as snugly as a condom. The costume fit very well. The costume didn't fit well at all
The costume fit as snugly as a paper bag. The costume fit very well. The costume didn't fit well at all
The wall was as thick as rock. The wall was thick. The wall was thin
The wall was as thick as paper. The wall was thick. The wall was thin
I am as busy as a teacher on report card day. I have much work. I have little work
I am as busy as a sloth on vacation. I have much work. I have little work
I'm as calm as a cucumber. I am relaxed. I am hyped
I'm as calm as a racoon in a beehive. I am relaxed. I am hyped
The woman drives as fast as a star ship. The woman drives fast. The woman drives slow
The woman drives as fast as a turtle. The woman drives fast. The woman drives slow
The weather feels like we are living on the sun. The weather feels extremely hot. The weather feels extremely cold
The weather feels like we are living in Antarctica. The weather feels extremely hot. The weather feels extremely cold
He completed the race at the speed of a rocket ship to the moon. He completed the race very quickly. He completed the race very slowly
He completed the race like he was carrying a pyramid on his back. He completed the race very quickly. He completed the race very slowly
You work like a turtle. You work slow. You work fast
You work like a hare. You work slow. You work fast
The lady is a peacock. The lady is pretty. The lady is ugly
The lady is a crow. The lady is pretty. The lady is ugly
The ocean was a raging bull. The ocean was rough. The ocean was calm
The ocean was a meek lamb. The ocean was rough. The ocean was calm
Mainstream music has a depth of a drinking glass. The music is shallow. The music choice is extensive
Mainstream music has a depth of a library. The music is shallow. The music choice is extensive
His eyes were ice. His eyes were cold. His eyes were warm and inviting
His eyes were sunrays. His eyes were cold. His eyes were warm and inviting
Her eyes were like a deep blue sea. Her eyes were inviting. Her eyes weren't inviting
Her eyes were like a bag of coal. Her eyes were inviting. Her eyes weren't inviting
The height of the tower extended to the entrance of heaven. The tower was extremely high. The tower was short
The height of the tower extended to the steeple top of a one story church. The tower was extremely high. The tower was short
They got as many people interested as in a middle-school chess tournament. There's not many people interested in this. There are a lot of people following this with interest
They got as many people interested as in the Super Bowl. There's not many people interested in this. There are a lot of people following this with interest
The room was as as cool as mount doom. The room was extremely hot. The room temperature was pleasant
The room was as as cool as a spring breeze. The room was extremely hot. The room temperature was pleasant
The boy has a frame that's as thin as a telephone pole. The boy's frame is wispy. The boy isn't thin at all
The boy has a frame that's as thin as a log. The boy's frame is wispy. The boy isn't thin at all
The artist's work is as recognizable as the McDonald's logo. The artist's work is instantly recognizable. The artist's work isn't recognizable
The artist's work is as recognizable as a single grain of sand at the beach. The artist's work is instantly recognizable. The artist's work isn't recognizable
The soap makes all the bubbles of a freshly opened soda. The soap makes many bubbles. The soap lacks bubbles
The soap makes all the bubbles of an unboiled pot of water. The soap makes many bubbles. The soap lacks bubbles
John is a mighty moose. John is very huge. John is very tiny
John is a an ant. John is very huge. John is very tiny
Joyce is a sloth. Joyce is very idle and lazy. Joyce is very hardworking and active
Joyce is a a bee. Joyce is very idle and lazy. Joyce is very hardworking and active
Her legs are tree trunks. Her legs are fat. Her legs are skinny
Her legs are sticks. Her legs are fat. Her legs are skinny
That meal was as good as taking a hot shower. The meal is comforting. The meal was unsatisfying
That meal was as good as sleeping without a cover. The meal is comforting. The meal was unsatisfying
Her hair was as curly as a poodle's. Her hair is curly. Her hair is straight
Her hair was as curly as ruler. Her hair is curly. Her hair is straight
That mother had the character of a honey badger. The mother is a terrible person. The mother is a kindly person
That mother had the character of a Quokka. The mother is a terrible person. The mother is a kindly person
The actor is a bushwacker. The actor is sloppy. The actor is careful
The actor is a ballerina. The actor is sloppy. The actor is careful
The nurse is a yeti. The nurse is sloppy. The nurse is careful
The nurse is a sculptor. The nurse is sloppy. The nurse is careful
The carpenter hit the nail with the force of A feather floating to the ground. The carpenter hit the nail softly. The carpenter hit the nail very hard
The carpenter hit the nail with the force of An artillery shell hitting a brick wall. The carpenter hit the nail softly. The carpenter hit the nail very hard
The detective had to instincts of A drunken moose. The detective was dull-witted. The detective was intelligent
The detective had to instincts of Sherlock Holmes. The detective was dull-witted. The detective was intelligent
The politician was as conniving as a House of Cards character. The politician was manipulative, only concerned with power, and loose with the truth. The politician was innocent, sweet, and gentle in his disposition
The politician was as conniving as a Corgi. The politician was manipulative, only concerned with power, and loose with the truth. The politician was innocent, sweet, and gentle in his disposition
The man's outfit makes him look as sharp as a university professor. The man's outfit makes him look well put-together. The man's outfit makes him look tawdry
The man's outfit makes him look as sharp as a plumber. The man's outfit makes him look well put-together. The man's outfit makes him look tawdry
Her attention to detail was like a first grader's. She paid no attention to detail. She paid a lot of attention to detail
Her attention to detail was like an attorney's. She paid no attention to detail. She paid a lot of attention to detail
The artist has the personality of a rotten birch tree. The artist is mean. The artist is kind
The artist has the personality of an elderly oak tree. The artist is mean. The artist is kind
He works like he's attached to the energy grid. He works really hard. He doesn't work really hard
He works like like he's run out of charge. He works really hard. He doesn't work really hard
He can jump like a cat smelling wet food. He can jump really well. He can't jump really well
He can jump like a cat with arthritis. He can jump really well. He can't jump really well
She has the instincts of a viscous cobra. She has aggressive instincts. She has docile instincts
She has the instincts of a domesticated sheep. She has aggressive instincts. She has docile instincts
The team worked with the cohesion of an automated assembly line. The team worked cohesively. The team was disorganized
The team worked with the cohesion of a gaggle of wild geese. The team worked cohesively. The team was disorganized
The wild love between the two was a supernova. The love was really wild. The love was not very wild
The wild love between the two was a warm glass of milk. The love was really wild. The love was not very wild
Their love was a psych ward. Their love was madness. Their love was not mad
Their love was the discharge unit of a psych ward. Their love was madness. Their love was not mad
Their love was a garden. Their love was natural and wild. Their love was tame and man made
Their love was a city block. Their love was natural and wild. Their love was tame and man made
The man is as anxious as a kid at the dentist's office. The man is extremely anxious. The man is very calm
The man is as anxious as a child who's asleep. The man is extremely anxious. The man is very calm
The girl's skin is as pale as milk. The girl's skin is super pale. The girl's skin is tan
The girl's skin is as pale as caramel sauce. The girl's skin is super pale. The girl's skin is tan
After finishing his invention he felt like Thomas Edison. The invention was very well done. The invention did not come out very well
After finishing his invention he felt like Dumb and Dumber. The invention was very well done. The invention did not come out very well
Man that boy has the brains of a dog eaten shoe. The boy is not very smart. The boy is a genius
Man that boy has the brains of a grandmaster chess player. The boy is not very smart. The boy is a genius
The wild has the beauty of a colorful parrot. The wild is attractive and eye catching. The wild is small and boring looking
The wild has the beauty of a mole. The wild is attractive and eye catching. The wild is small and boring looking
These chips have the crunch of an uncooked bowl of ramen. The chips are super crunchy. They lack any crunch
These chips have the crunch of an overcooked bowl of ramen. The chips are super crunchy. They lack any crunch
The story was as sad as a funeral. The story was sad. The story was fun and happy
The story was as sad as a party. The story was sad. The story was fun and happy
The fish was as big as an ox. The fish was large. The fish was small
The fish was as big as a pebble. The fish was large. The fish was small
The pizza tastes like a cardboard box. The pizza is stale. The pizza is delicious
The pizza tastes like a Thanksgiving dinner. The pizza is stale. The pizza is delicious
That person has the strength of a gorilla. The person is strong. The person is weak
That person has the strength of a cotton ball. The person is strong. The person is weak
She has the personality of a cookie. She is friendly. She is mean
She has the personality of a crocodile. She is friendly. She is mean
His stomach was as loud as thunder. His stomach was loud. His stomach was quiet
His stomach was as loud as a moment of silence. His stomach was loud. His stomach was quiet
The dish is as tasty as a pair of gym shorts. The meal is disgusting. The meal is delicious
The dish is as tasty as a Michelin starred meal. The meal is disgusting. The meal is delicious
She is a California Wildfire. She is destructive. She is helpful
She is a Sunday rain. She is destructive. She is helpful
He has the hearing of a vampire bat. He has good hearing. His hearing is very poor
He has the hearing of a fossilized earthworm. He has good hearing. His hearing is very poor
The book had the sophistication of a knock-knock joke. The book is simplistic. The book has depth
The book had the sophistication of a poem by Keats. The book is simplistic. The book has depth
The argument is as clear as pea soup. The argument is not clear. The argument is very clear
The argument is as clear as a drop of water. The argument is not clear. The argument is very clear
He divorced his wife because she became a mountain. He divorced his wife because she became stagnant and uninteresting. He divorced his wife because she became very busy
He divorced his wife because she became a drilling machine. He divorced his wife because she became stagnant and uninteresting. He divorced his wife because she became very busy
The homework assignment caught my attention as much as a billboard sign. The homework assignment commanded my attention. The homework assignment didn't catch my attention at all
The homework assignment caught my attention as much as a paperclip. The homework assignment commanded my attention. The homework assignment didn't catch my attention at all
My teacher's lecture was as engaging as a breaking news clip. My teacher's lecture really interested me. My teacher's lecture was very boring
My teacher's lecture was as engaging as a toothpaste commercial. My teacher's lecture really interested me. My teacher's lecture was very boring
He played poker like A drunken sailor. He is a poor poker player. He is a great poker player
He played poker like A computerized expert. He is a poor poker player. He is a great poker player
They are as excited as roaches near a pie. they are hyped. they don't care
They are as excited as dead lizards. they are hyped. they don't care
Love is as soft as a feather. Love is gentle. Love is harsh and hurtful
Love is as hard as a car crash. Love is gentle. Love is harsh and hurtful
This blanket is as insulating as a wet tissue. The blanket does not keep me warm. The blanket keeps me very warm
This blanket is as insulating as an Alaskan snowsuit. The blanket does not keep me warm. The blanket keeps me very warm
The girl's personality was as bitter as winter melon. The girl's personality was very bitter. The girl's personality wasn't bitter at all
The girl's personality was as bitter as vanilla ice cream. The girl's personality was very bitter. The girl's personality wasn't bitter at all
Love has the ability to make your life into a choose your own adventure novel. Love can make life fun. love can make life torturous
Love has the ability to make your life into Dante's Inferno. Love can make life fun. love can make life torturous
For him, she was gravity itself. She keeps him grounded. She keeps him free
For him, she was a rocket ship. She keeps him grounded. She keeps him free
The decorations in her house were a window into her mind. The decorations allow you to see into her. The decorations obscure her true self
The decorations in her house were a smokescreen in front of her mind. The decorations allow you to see into her. The decorations obscure her true self
My love has the strength of a million elephants. My love is unbreakable. My love is weak
My love has the strength of a wet piece of spaghetti. My love is unbreakable. My love is weak
She smelled as sweet as a fresh vanilla cake pulled from the oven. She smelled wonderfully. She smelled horribly
She smelled as sweet as cow dung and looked twice as bad. She smelled wonderfully. She smelled horribly
The music is a soothing as a screaming kid. The music is not calming. The music is very calming
The music is a soothing as a hot bath. The music is not calming. The music is very calming
This internet speed is as fast as a cheetah. The internet is very fast. The internet is painfully slow
This internet speed is as fast as a snail riding a turtle. The internet is very fast. The internet is painfully slow
The route was as straight as a fired bullet. The route followed a straight line. The route wasn't straight at all
The route was as straight as a Merry-Go-Round. The route followed a straight line. The route wasn't straight at all
Her stomach is the size of a pin. Her stomach is very small. Her stomach is very large
Her stomach is the size of a swimming pool. Her stomach is very small. Her stomach is very large
That woman is a kangaroo. She has a ton of energy. She doesn't have much energy
That woman is a a slug. She has a ton of energy. She doesn't have much energy
The knife was as sharp as a Samurai sword. The knife was very sharp. The knife wasn't sharp at all
The knife was as sharp as a plastic spoon. The knife was very sharp. The knife wasn't sharp at all
Her idea was like a joke. Her idea was ridiculous. Her idea was refreshing
Her idea was like a breath of fresh air. Her idea was ridiculous. Her idea was refreshing
Walking through the snow was like going through concrete. The snow was heavy. The snow was light and airy
Walking through the snow was like stepping in fresh powder. The snow was heavy. The snow was light and airy
His dog was like a bull in a china shop. The dog was knocking things over. The dog was very well behaved
His dog was like a disciplined child. The dog was knocking things over. The dog was very well behaved
The girl's personality was like a cactus. The girl had a difficult personality. The girl had a sweet personality
The girl's personality was like a rose. The girl had a difficult personality. The girl had a sweet personality
This knife is as sharp as an unused guillotine. It's very sharp. It's not sharp at all
This knife is as sharp as a newborn baby. It's very sharp. It's not sharp at all
He's got as many ideas as Albert Einstein. He has a lot of ideas. He doesn't have a lot of ideas
He's got as many ideas as a bowl of Jell-O. He has a lot of ideas. He doesn't have a lot of ideas
He's as serious as a cancer diagnosis. He's very serious. He's not very serious
He's as serious as a guinea pig. He's very serious. He's not very serious
You're as sharp as a knife. You're sharp. You're dull
You're as sharp as a rock. You're sharp. You're dull
She was as beautiful as a blobfish. She was ugly. She was pretty
She was as beautiful as a majestic unicorn. She was ugly. She was pretty
His thought process was as straight forward as a plate of spaghetti. His thought process is confusing. His thought process is clear
His thought process was as straight forward as a yard stick. His thought process is confusing. His thought process is clear
Owning a cat is like being a servant. Owning a cat is demanding. Owning a cat is like having to protect your possessions
Owning a cat is like being a security guard. Owning a cat is demanding. Owning a cat is like having to protect your possessions
Adjusting for inflation, the money was valuable as diamonds. The money is valuable. The money is worthless
Adjusting for inflation, the money was valuable as garbage. The money is valuable. The money is worthless
Her love was a seedling. Her love was growing. Her love was dying
Her love was a rotting apple. Her love was growing. Her love was dying
The girl is as easy to see through as a bowl of grape jelly. The girl is hard to figure out. The girl is easy to read
The girl is as easy to see through as a windowpane. The girl is hard to figure out. The girl is easy to read
His gaze is like granite. His gaze is cold, unmoving. His gaze is warm and friendly
His gaze is like a teddy bear. His gaze is cold, unmoving. His gaze is warm and friendly
She entered the room like a snake. She entered sneakily. She crashed her way in
She entered the room like an elephant. She entered sneakily. She crashed her way in
The test was a walk in the park. The test was easy. The test was hard
The test was black death. The test was easy. The test was hard
The cake was as hard as a rock. The cake was hard. The cake was light
The cake was as light as a feather. The cake was hard. The cake was light
Her gaze pierced your soul like a sharp sword. She could look right through you. She only sees the outside of a person
Her gaze pierced your soul like piece of salami. She could look right through you. She only sees the outside of a person
The argument has the sting of a violent war. The argument was biting. The argument was weak
The argument has the sting of a marshmallow fortress. The argument was biting. The argument was weak
The girl has the beauty of the Mona Lisa. The girl is beautiful. The girl is ugly
The girl has the beauty of a trash can. The girl is beautiful. The girl is ugly
The weather outside has the temperature of a volcano. The weather outside is very hot. The weather outside is very cold
The weather outside has the temperature of the arctic. The weather outside is very hot. The weather outside is very cold
The argument is as well written as Twilight. The argument is written badly. The argument is written well
The argument is as well written as The Great Gatsby. The argument is written badly. The argument is written well
The girl's lips are as loose as a virgin. The girl keeps secrets well. The girl can't keep a secret
The girl's lips are as loose as a prostitute. The girl keeps secrets well. The girl can't keep a secret
The document is as official as a government treaty. The document has a lot of formalities. The document isn't official at all
The document is as official as some writing on a napkin. The document has a lot of formalities. The document isn't official at all
The argument appears as a crystal clear spring. The argument makes sense. The argument is senseless
The argument appears as a muddy rut. The argument makes sense. The argument is senseless
The gamer was a god. The gamer has exceptional skills and impressive powers and abilities in the game. The gamer was new, not execeptional,  and below average
The gamer was a peon. The gamer has exceptional skills and impressive powers and abilities in the game. The gamer was new, not execeptional,  and below average
The lawyer is A pig. The lawyer is lazy. The lawyer guides his client very well in the lawsuit
The lawyer is A lighthouse for his client. The lawyer is lazy. The lawyer guides his client very well in the lawsuit
This car is faster than a speeding bullet. The car is ridiculously fast. The car is not fast at all
This car is faster than a snail. The car is ridiculously fast. The car is not fast at all
The car hit the rail like A bowling ball hitting pins. The car hit hard. The car hit softly
The car hit the rail like A feather landing. The car hit hard. The car hit softly
The food was served at a temperature that was A fiery inferno. The food was hot. The food was cold
The food was served at a temperature that was A block of ice. The food was hot. The food was cold
She runs like a rocket. She runs and sprints very fast. She runs in a very slow and labored pace
She runs like a slug. She runs and sprints very fast. She runs in a very slow and labored pace
The teacher said that the student had the brain of A gnat. The student is dumb. The student is smart
The teacher said that the student had the brain of A rocket scientist. The student is dumb. The student is smart
The book had a plot that many would find as Boring as watching paint dry. The book is boring. The book is exciting
The book had a plot that many would find as Exciting as a three-ring circus. The book is boring. The book is exciting
The family was as friendly as a pack of wolves. The family was very mean. The family was very friendly
The family was as friendly as a greeter at Disneyland. The family was very mean. The family was very friendly
She is as fast as light coming out of the big bang. She is fast. She is slow
She is as fast as my grandma trying to walk on water. She is fast. She is slow
Time is as precious as a piece of gold. Time is very important. Time can be thrown away
Time is as precious as a piece of garbage. Time is very important. Time can be thrown away
The milk was a cold as as a warm blanket. The milk was not cold at all. The milk was very cold
The milk was a cold as as an icicle in a snowstorm. The milk was not cold at all. The milk was very cold
The group drinking at the bar was as loud as a butterfly landing on a flower. The group was very quiet. The group was very loud
The group drinking at the bar was as loud as a dump truck picking up broken glass. The group was very quiet. The group was very loud
The train was a fast as a New York Minute. The train was very fast. The train was very slow
The train was a fast as a 80 year old. The train was very fast. The train was very slow
The professor's argument had the clarity of a crystal glass. The argument is very clear, easy to see, almost transparent. The argument is impenetrable, hard to see, not clear
The professor's argument had the clarity of a marine fog. The argument is very clear, easy to see, almost transparent. The argument is impenetrable, hard to see, not clear
The fortress was as solid as the deepest earthen bedrock. The fortress is strong, durable, and hard. The fortress is flimsy, fragile, and weak
The fortress was as solid as a tattered mosquito netting. The fortress is strong, durable, and hard. The fortress is flimsy, fragile, and weak
The dancer had the grace of an elephant. The dancer was clumsy. The dancer was light on her feet
The dancer had the grace of a buttefly in flight. The dancer was clumsy. The dancer was light on her feet
The argument was World War 3. The argument was huge. The argument was insignificant
The argument was a hiccup. The argument was huge. The argument was insignificant
The headlight was as bright as a sun. The headlight was very bright. the headlight was very dim
The headlight was as bright as a dim candle. The headlight was very bright. the headlight was very dim
The book has the pace of a glacier. The book is very slow. The book is fast paced
The book has the pace of a raging storm. The book is very slow. The book is fast paced
The girl had the flightiness of a sparrow. The girl was very fickle. The girl was very stable
The girl had the flightiness of a rock. The girl was very fickle. The girl was very stable
It was as peaceful as a church. It was very peaceful. It was full of conflict and danger, not peace
It was as peaceful as a battlefield. It was very peaceful. It was full of conflict and danger, not peace
The leaves were as green as grass. The leaves were very green. The leaves were brown and not green at all
The leaves were as green as dirt. The leaves were very green. The leaves were brown and not green at all
Shopping for groceries is finding shells on a sunny beach. Shopping for groceries is a fun, rewarding chore. Shopping for groceries is a crazy, nearly impossible chore
Shopping for groceries is a scavenger hunt with a list created by a lunatic. Shopping for groceries is a fun, rewarding chore. Shopping for groceries is a crazy, nearly impossible chore
War is an amputation on the wrong limb. War is the wrong solution to a problem. War is a necessary solution
War is an amputation to save your life. War is the wrong solution to a problem. War is a necessary solution
It's as green as grass in the spring. It's fairy green. It's not too green
It's as green as grass during a hot summer. It's fairy green. It's not too green
This is as peaceful as a sleeping puppy. It's very peaceful. It's not very peaceful
This is as peaceful as European in the '40s. It's very peaceful. It's not very peaceful
The music was loud like a siren. The music was very loud. The music was very quiet
The music was loud like a whisper. The music was very loud. The music was very quiet
Jobs are as available as a marriage man. Jobs are not available. Jobs are very available
Jobs are as available as a bachelor. Jobs are not available. Jobs are very available
Peace is a human flying. Peace is impossible. Peace is possible
Peace is a human walking. Peace is impossible. Peace is possible
Plants are a lullaby. Plants are calming. Plants are disturbing
Plants are a loud drum. Plants are calming. Plants are disturbing
The car was as ugly as a one eyed rat. it was hideous. it was beautiful
The car was as ugly as a swan. it was hideous. it was beautiful
The man was as handsome as a prince. he was good looking. he was ugly
The man was as handsome as a hobo. he was good looking. he was ugly
The conversation was sharp as a tack. The conversation was sharp and witty. The conversation was dull and not sharp
The conversation was sharp as a rock. The conversation was sharp and witty. The conversation was dull and not sharp
He ate it like a fat boy eats cake. The food was tasty to him. The food was unpalatable to him
He ate it like a young boy eats broccoli. The food was tasty to him. The food was unpalatable to him
He picked it up like a mother holding a baby. He held it with pride and care. He held it with disgust and caution
He picked it up like a playboy holding a condom. He held it with pride and care. He held it with disgust and caution
He rushed through the math test like an ape. He rushed because he is dumb. He rushed because he is smart
He rushed through the math test like a rocket scientist. He rushed because he is dumb. He rushed because he is smart
The bear was as hungry as a lion. it was starving. it didn't need food
The bear was as hungry as a piece of paper. it was starving. it didn't need food
That conversation had the ease of doing your taxes blindfolded. Having that conversation was difficult. Having that conversation was easy
That conversation had the ease of a Sunday morning. Having that conversation was difficult. Having that conversation was easy
Their conversations were artillery bombardments. Their conversations were heated and antagonistic. Their conversations were friendly
Their conversations were a hug with words. Their conversations were heated and antagonistic. Their conversations were friendly
The story was as disturbing as a nightmare. The story was very disturbing. The story failed to be disturbing, and in fact seemed cute
The story was as disturbing as a newborn puppy. The story was very disturbing. The story failed to be disturbing, and in fact seemed cute
Their expectations of the house they could afford turned into melted ice. Their expectations were not met. Their expectations were exceeded
Their expectations of the house they could afford leapt past the second story. Their expectations were not met. Their expectations were exceeded
Those that heard the child sing were carried away on gentle waves. Those that heard the singing were pleasantly entertained. Those that heard the singing were unpleasantly inundated
Those that heard the child sing were tortured by the intruding notes. Those that heard the singing were pleasantly entertained. Those that heard the singing were unpleasantly inundated
She sings like an angel. her voice is magical. her voice is awful
She sings like a bullfrog. her voice is magical. her voice is awful
HIs opinions were as firm as concrete. He was very certain of his opinion. He was very uncertain of his opinion
HIs opinions were as firm as a cotton ball. He was very certain of his opinion. He was very uncertain of his opinion
The pilot landed the plane like he was handling a new born baby. The landing was smooth and gentle. The landing was bumpy and rough
The pilot landed the plane like it was on a roller coaster. The landing was smooth and gentle. The landing was bumpy and rough
The man's personality is like a Beanie Baby. The man has a soft personality. The man has a hard personality
The man's personality is like a drill sergeant. The man has a soft personality. The man has a hard personality
The poster was as colorful as a rainbow. The poster has a lot of color. The poster was dull and colorless
The poster was as colorful as a sidewalk. The poster has a lot of color. The poster was dull and colorless
She is as eager as a beaver. she is excited. she is bored
She is as eager as a sloth. she is excited. she is bored
The motor on the boat is a Babbling drunk. It is barely running. It is running strong
The motor on the boat is a Roaring lion. It is barely running. It is running strong
The lawyer's opening argument was a Russian novel. The lawyer's opening argument was long. The lawyer's opening argument was tawdry
The lawyer's opening argument was an airport paperback. The lawyer's opening argument was long. The lawyer's opening argument was tawdry
The house had the cleanliness of a museum. The house was very clean. The house was a mess
The house had the cleanliness of a paintball arena. The house was very clean. The house was a mess
The grapes had the freshness of a secondhand toy. The grapes weren't fresh. The grapes were very fresh
The grapes had the freshness of an early summer morning. The grapes weren't fresh. The grapes were very fresh
The toy had the enjoyment of an execution. The toy was not fun. The toy was fun
The toy had the enjoyment of roller coaster. The toy was not fun. The toy was fun
The movie's message was as heartwarming as a cup of mint tea. The movie message was very heartwarming. The movie's message wasn't heartwarming at all
The movie's message was as heartwarming as a Popsicle. The movie message was very heartwarming. The movie's message wasn't heartwarming at all
The book was as classic as pancakes for breakfast. The book was very classic. The book wasn't a classic
The book was as classic as a bride wearing purple. The book was very classic. The book wasn't a classic
The toy was as new as A quarter from this year. The toy was recent. The toy was dated
The toy was as new as A quarter from the year you were born. The toy was recent. The toy was dated
The woman was as tall as a tree. The woman was tall. The woman was short
The woman was as tall as a footstool. The woman was tall. The woman was short
Tom had the joy of a robot. Tom is not very joyful. Tom is very joyful
Tom had the joy of a dog. Tom is not very joyful. Tom is very joyful
The movie has a depth of A canyon. The movie is deeply philosophical. The movie has little substance
The movie has a depth of A pothole. The movie is deeply philosophical. The movie has little substance
The movie has a depth of A valley. The movie is expansive in it's meaning. The movie lacks depth
The movie has a depth of A flatland. The movie is expansive in it's meaning. The movie lacks depth
She was as delicate as An elephant. She was a lumbering clod. She was fragile
She was as delicate as A snowflake. She was a lumbering clod. She was fragile
Her dinner tasted like An old shoe. The food was disgusting. The food was gloriously delicious
Her dinner tasted like Manna from heaven. The food was disgusting. The food was gloriously delicious
The boy's lemonade stand was as successful as a Fortune 500 company. The boy's lemonade stand was a wild success. The boy's lemonade stand did terribly
The boy's lemonade stand was as successful as the 1962 New York Mets. The boy's lemonade stand was a wild success. The boy's lemonade stand did terribly
He is as famous as a movie star. people know him. no one knows him
He is as famous as a roach in a dumpster. people know him. no one knows him
She is as fancy as a prom queen. she is elegant. she is dirty
She is as fancy as dish water. she is elegant. she is dirty
Her face glowed like the sun. Her face was luminous. her face was dull
Her face glowed like the reflection of a dusty mirror. Her face was luminous. her face was dull
He was the size of an ape. He was huge. He was small
He was the size of an ant. He was huge. He was small
The song had the creativity of an ameba. The song was too simplistic. The song was very complex and beautiful
The song had the creativity of all the paintings in the Louvre. The song was too simplistic. The song was very complex and beautiful
That movie was as long as a 25-year-old tapeworm. It's extremely long. It's as short as can be
That movie was as long as Howie Mandel's hair. It's extremely long. It's as short as can be
The playground is as safe as Dracula's fangs. The playground is dangerous. The playground is secure
The playground is as safe as an insurance policy. The playground is dangerous. The playground is secure
The manager added kindling to our spark. The manager motivated his employees. The manager demotivated his employees
The manager added water to our spark. The manager motivated his employees. The manager demotivated his employees
The student was as gifted as an entrepreneur. he has talant. he was talentless
The student was as gifted as a blind otter. he has talant. he was talentless
The woman was as glamourous as a movie star. she was fancy. she was unkempt
The woman was as glamourous as an old shoe. she was fancy. she was unkempt
His height was comparable to a redwood tree. He was tall. He was short
His height was comparable to a mouse. He was tall. He was short
She came up to eye level with a giraffe. She was tall. She was short
She came up to eye level with a toddler. She was tall. She was short
The restaurant's plat du jour was the ambrosia of the gods. The food was delicious. The food was disgusting
The restaurant's plat du jour was hot garbage. The food was delicious. The food was disgusting
The car was as useful as a pool with no water. the car was useless. the car was helpful
The car was as useful as silverware during dinner. the car was useless. the car was helpful
My dog eats like a mayfly. My dog is never eating. My dog never ceases eating
My dog eats like a tarrare. My dog is never eating. My dog never ceases eating
That film as disastrous as the launch of the Xbox One in 2013. It isn't very good. It's quite successful
That film as disastrous as the Abraham Lincoln presidency. It isn't very good. It's quite successful
The concept was as confusing as a scrambled egg. The concept was hard to understand. The concept was easy to understand
The concept was as confusing as a kiddie puzzle. The concept was hard to understand. The concept was easy to understand
The burrito has the heat of a volcano. The burrito is hot. The burrito is cold
The burrito has the heat of an iceberg. The burrito is hot. The burrito is cold
Time moved like a snail. Time was slow. Time was fast
Time moved like a cheetah. Time was slow. Time was fast
The man has the patience of a monk. The man is very patient. The man is very impatient
The man has the patience of a cat in a bath. The man is very patient. The man is very impatient
The art is as colorful as a rainbow. the art is vibrant. the art is dull
The art is as colorful as a cloudy sky. the art is vibrant. the art is dull
The man's head was as handsome as a work of art. The man's head was attractive. The man's head was ugly
The man's head was as handsome as a trash can. The man's head was attractive. The man's head was ugly
The building is as old as the universe itself. It's very old. It's brand new
The building is as old as the baby that will be born tomorrow. It's very old. It's brand new
That fan has the blowing power of the Greek god Aeolus. It can blow a lot. It can hardly blow at all
That fan has the blowing power of an unplugged hairdryer. It can blow a lot. It can hardly blow at all
The sandwich meat was as moist as a towelette. The sandwich meat was moist. The sandwich meat was dry
The sandwich meat was as moist as sandpaper. The sandwich meat was moist. The sandwich meat was dry
She was as big as a lady bug. She was small. She was big
She was as big as a elephant. She was small. She was big
The future had the brightness of a mud puddle. The future is dull. The future is bright
The future had the brightness of diamond. The future is dull. The future is bright
The girl's happiness exploded like a bottle of champagne. The girl's happiness was effusive. The girl's happiness didn't really explode at all
The girl's happiness exploded like a lullaby. The girl's happiness was effusive. The girl's happiness didn't really explode at all
The problem was as big as a Tootsie Roll. The problem was small. The problem was large
The problem was as big as Antarctica. The problem was small. The problem was large
The girl's temper was a lit match. The girl was easily provoked. The girl's temper was even
The girl's temper was a low tide. The girl was easily provoked. The girl's temper was even
The book I just finished reading is a compass of my life. The book contains a lot of timeless wisdom and helpful knowledge. The book's content is so trashy and useless that one can't bear reading it again
The book I just finished reading is my new bug smasher. The book contains a lot of timeless wisdom and helpful knowledge. The book's content is so trashy and useless that one can't bear reading it again
The snake has the skin of a desert dweller who has never touched a bottle of lotion. The snake has dry and scaly skin. The snake's skin is not dry and scaly
The snake has the skin of a slimy, aquatic eel. The snake has dry and scaly skin. The snake's skin is not dry and scaly
The reporter was as tall as a basektball center. the reporter was tall. the reporter was short
The reporter was as tall as a midget. the reporter was tall. the reporter was short
The disease is spreading like a wild fire. It is spreading quickly. It is spreading slowly
The disease is spreading like a growth of a finger nail. It is spreading quickly. It is spreading slowly
The teen was a skyscraper. The teen was tall. The teen was short
The teen was an anthill. The teen was tall. The teen was short
The investigation had the weight of A bunch of feathers. The investigation is not important. The investigation has a major impact
The investigation had the weight of A city-wide ripple effect. The investigation is not important. The investigation has a major impact
The teacher is as encouraging as a parent. the teacher helps. the teacher doesn't help
The teacher is as encouraging as a dead bird. the teacher helps. the teacher doesn't help
Her hair had the luster of a horse's chestnut mane. Her hair was shiny. Her hair was dull
Her hair had the luster of straw. Her hair was shiny. Her hair was dull
His class had all the brilliance of a light bulb. His class was brilliant. His class was not so smart
His class had all the brilliance of a rock. His class was brilliant. His class was not so smart
The house was as cozy as a winter cabin on a cold night. The house was comfortable to be in. The house was uncomfortable to be in
The house was as cozy as a prison cell. The house was comfortable to be in. The house was uncomfortable to be in
The soldier was as tough as nails. The soldier is very tough. The soldier is very weak
The soldier was as tough as cotton. The soldier is very tough. The soldier is very weak
She was as fragile as an elephant. She was sturdy and not fragile. She was extremely fragile
She was as fragile as a crystal teacup. She was sturdy and not fragile. She was extremely fragile
Her closest relative may as well be a horse. She is ugly. She is dainty
Her closest relative may as well be a bird. She is ugly. She is dainty
The athlete was as good as mike tyson in the 80s. the athlete was great. the athlete was bad
The athlete was as good as mike tyson when he's 80. the athlete was great. the athlete was bad
The student was as confused as a dog at a spelling bee. he didn't know what was going on. he knew everything
The student was as confused as a lawyer in court. he didn't know what was going on. he knew everything
The corner was as busy as a parade. The corner was busy. The corner was abandoned and not busy
The corner was as busy as a graveyard. The corner was busy. The corner was abandoned and not busy
The book was as entertaining as a party. The book was entertaining. The book was not entertaining at all
The book was as entertaining as a funeral. The book was entertaining. The book was not entertaining at all
The artist is as creative as vanilla ice cream. The artist has no new ideas. The artist is very creative
The artist is as creative as caramel balsamic swirl ice cream. The artist has no new ideas. The artist is very creative
This show has as many episode as a centipede has legs. It has many episodes. It has very few
This show has as many episode as there are moons in the night sky. It has many episodes. It has very few
Me and my relative have rhe closeness of conjoined twins. They're extremely close. They very far apart
Me and my relative have rhe closeness of the north and south poles. They're extremely close. They very far apart
The house is as fragile as steel. The house is strong. The house is weak
The house is as fragile as silk. The house is strong. The house is weak
The actor got as much attention as a lion exhibit at a zoo. The actor got tons of attention. The actor got no attention at all
The actor got as much attention as a grain of sand at a beach. The actor got tons of attention. The actor got no attention at all
That shirt looks like a Garbage bag. It is ugly. It is pretty
That shirt looks like a Rose bush. It is ugly. It is pretty
The book has the respect of A doctor. It is well respected. It is not highly respected
The book has the respect of A conspiracy theorist. It is well respected. It is not highly respected
My new car has the reliability of a penny stock. My new car is unpredictable. My new car is dependable
My new car has the reliability of a finely-tuned piano. My new car is unpredictable. My new car is dependable
The foundation was flat as a board. The foundation was flat. The foundation was round and curved
The foundation was flat as a globe. The foundation was flat. The foundation was round and curved
The car is as fast as a turtle. the car is slow. the car is speedy
The car is as fast as a bolt of lightning. the car is slow. the car is speedy
He's running faster than a cheetah on jet. He's running fast. He's not moving at all
He's running faster than a dead snail. He's running fast. He's not moving at all
The man's temper was a habanero pepper. The man had a big temper. The man had a mild temper
The man's temper was a cup of oat milk. The man had a big temper. The man had a mild temper
The government is as stable as a broken bridge. The government is falling apart. The government is very strong and stable
The government is as strong as a brick house. The government is falling apart. The government is very strong and stable
The odds of winning the lottery are as good as finding a needle in a haystack. The odds of sinning the lottery  are extremely low. The odds of winning the lottery are fantastic
The odds of winning the lottery are as good as lighting a match and expecting fire. The odds of sinning the lottery  are extremely low. The odds of winning the lottery are fantastic
she is as exuberant as a dog on a car ride. she is excited. she is tired
she is as exuberant as a sloth in bed. she is excited. she is tired
He is fair as a priest. he is nice. he is mean
He is fair as a devil. he is nice. he is mean
The branch was as sturdy as a steel beam. The branch was sturdy enough to hold a lot of weight. The branch was weak and could snap easily
The branch was as sturdy as a twig. The branch was sturdy enough to hold a lot of weight. The branch was weak and could snap easily
That thing is sucking up as much electricity as a 1950s refrigerator. It uses a lot of electricity. It uses no electricity
That thing is sucking up as much electricity as the Wii U in the closet. It uses a lot of electricity. It uses no electricity
The play has the excitement of a sleeping tortoise. The play is dull. The play is rousing
The play has the excitement of a lottery jackpot. The play is dull. The play is rousing
The girl is as predictable as ocean waves crashing. The girl was very predictable. The girl was totally unpredictable
The girl is as predictable as the Titanic sinking. The girl was very predictable. The girl was totally unpredictable
The man has the height of a mountain. The man is tall. The man is short
The man has the height of a footstool. The man is tall. The man is short
The house is as enchanting as a castle. the house is pretty. the house is ugly
The house is as enchanting as roadkill. the house is pretty. the house is ugly
The student was as sharp as A dull knife. The student us dumb. The student is smart
The student was as sharp as A porcupine's quill. The student us dumb. The student is smart
His singing voice is sounds like Fingernails on a blackboard. The voice makes you cringr. The voice is calming
His singing voice is sounds like A lilting breeze. The voice makes you cringr. The voice is calming
The goods were as valuable as gold. The goods were valuable. The goods were worthless
The goods were as valuable as dirt. The goods were valuable. The goods were worthless
The puzzle was as easy as pie. The puzzle was easy. The puzzle was hard
The puzzle was as easy as brain surgery. The puzzle was easy. The puzzle was hard
The politician was as popular as apple pie. The politician was very popular. The politician was very unpopular
The politician was as popular as a root canal. The politician was very popular. The politician was very unpopular
The meeting was as lively as a funeral procession. The meeting was not lively at all. The meeting was very lively
The meeting was as lively as a group of children in a bouncy house. The meeting was not lively at all. The meeting was very lively
He shopped for the item like a bride picking out her dress. He shopped with great care. He shopped in a hurry
He shopped for the item like a robber getting away. He shopped with great care. He shopped in a hurry
Watching the movie was like going to the dentist's office. The movie was dreadful. The movie was enjoyable
Watching the movie was like going to the carnival. The movie was dreadful. The movie was enjoyable
The cookie was as chewy as a Tootsie Roll. The cookie was perfectly chewy. The cookie was extremely dense and tough
The cookie was as chewy as a brick. The cookie was perfectly chewy. The cookie was extremely dense and tough
The pizza delivery guy had the speed of an Olympic sprinter. The pizza arrived quickly. The pizza took forever to come
The pizza delivery guy had the speed of a tectonic plate. The pizza arrived quickly. The pizza took forever to come
The pot roast has the aroma of swamp water. The pot roast smells bad. The pot roast smells flavorsome
The pot roast has the aroma of a grandmother's kitchen. The pot roast smells bad. The pot roast smells flavorsome
The photograph has the clarity of an inkblot test. The photograph is out of focus. The photograph is crystal clear
The photograph has the clarity of a full rainbow. The photograph is out of focus. The photograph is crystal clear
He has the political prowess of a Kennedy. He has good political skills. He lacks skill in politics
He has the political prowess of a newborn baby. He has good political skills. He lacks skill in politics
This puzzle has the difficulty of putting a man on Mars. It is very difficult. It is very easy
This puzzle has the difficulty of a childs block sorting game. It is very difficult. It is very easy
The boy was as funny as a comedian. it was funny. it wasn't funny
The boy was as funny as a dead fly. it was funny. it wasn't funny
The politician's apology was a chess move. The politician's apology was calculated. The politician's apology was chaotic
The politician's apology was an avalanche. The politician's apology was calculated. The politician's apology was chaotic
He was as dangerous as a viper. He was very dangerous. He was not dangerous
He was as dangerous as a flea. He was very dangerous. He was not dangerous
The water was as warm as the surface of the sun. The water was scalding hot. The water was cold
The water was as warm as an icicle. The water was scalding hot. The water was cold
Her excuse had the conviction of a deserting soldier. Her excuse lacked conviction. Her excuse was full of conviction
Her excuse had the conviction of a revivalist preacher. Her excuse lacked conviction. Her excuse was full of conviction
The threat was an oncoming train. The threat was imminent. The threat was distant
The threat was a third cousin thrice removed. The threat was imminent. The threat was distant
Their love was as easy to understand as a Bob Dylan lyric. Their love was complex and hard to interpret. Their love was hot and short lived
Their love was as a California wildfire season. Their love was complex and hard to interpret. Their love was hot and short lived
The book grabbed my attention like legalese in a merger agreement. The book totally bored me. The book really interested me
The book grabbed my attention like a trashy magazine headline. The book totally bored me. The book really interested me
Her thoughts were like a yo-yo. Her thoughts were all over the place. Her thoughts were steady
Her thoughts were like a spring stream. Her thoughts were all over the place. Her thoughts were steady
Her ego was a Ritz cracker. Her ego was very fragile. Her ego was unshakeable
Her ego was a brick building. Her ego was very fragile. Her ego was unshakeable
His mind is a steel cage. He has a very good memory and rarely forgets anything. His memory is terrible, things go in one ear and out the other
His mind is an open barn door. He has a very good memory and rarely forgets anything. His memory is terrible, things go in one ear and out the other
The screen was dim like a flashlight. The screen was bright. The screen was dim
The screen was dim like a candle. The screen was bright. The screen was dim
That politician's speech was a good as Lincoln's Gettysburg Address. The speech was sycinct and powerful. The speech was overbearing and boring
That politician's speech was a good as a college professor dense lecture. The speech was sycinct and powerful. The speech was overbearing and boring
you are as hard as pillow. You are soft. You are stubborn
you are as hard as rock. You are soft. You are stubborn
You are as tough as an egg. eggs crack. coconuts are hard
You are as tough as a coconut. eggs crack. coconuts are hard
The girl is as good at camouflaging her emotions as a chameleon. The girl hides her emotions well. The girl shows off her emotions
The girl is as good at camouflaging her emotions as a peacock. The girl hides her emotions well. The girl shows off her emotions
My bank account is dry as the Sahara. My bank account is barren, I have no money. My bank account is fat with cash, I'm rich
My bank account is stuffed like a Thanksgiving turkey. My bank account is barren, I have no money. My bank account is fat with cash, I'm rich
The sandwich has the cheesiness of the moon as depicted in cartoons. The sandwich is very cheesy. The sandwich lacks cheese
The sandwich has the cheesiness of a pizza without the primary topping. The sandwich is very cheesy. The sandwich lacks cheese
The tower has the wind resistance of metal roofing on a fair weather day. The tower has a high wind resistance. The tower has almost no resistance to wind
The tower has the wind resistance of candy wrapper caught in an updraft. The tower has a high wind resistance. The tower has almost no resistance to wind
The body has the survivability of a hungry tiger in a hen house. It has high survivability. It has a low survivability rate
The body has the survivability of a paper bag in a stormy ocean. It has high survivability. It has a low survivability rate
She rode that horse like An acrobat. She rode it well. She rode it poorly
She rode that horse like A seizure victim. She rode it well. She rode it poorly
The speech was as inspiring as A cement block. It is dull. It is motivating
The speech was as inspiring as A legless marathon runner. It is dull. It is motivating
The glass is a clear as Ikea instructions. It is not clear. It is see thru
The glass is a clear as Saran wrap. It is not clear. It is see thru
The cookies tasted like hardtack. The cookies are awful. The cookies are delicous
The cookies tasted like heaven. The cookies are awful. The cookies are delicous
The floor was as slippery as oil. The floor was slippery. The floor wasn't slippery at all
The floor was as slippery as sandpaper. The floor was slippery. The floor wasn't slippery at all
The gem was as fake as a bad toupee. The gem was obviously fake. The gem was obviously real
The gem was as fake as the air we breathe. The gem was obviously fake. The gem was obviously real
The boys are as disciplined as the military. The boys are highly disciplined. The boys lack any discipline
The boys are as disciplined as barrel monkeys. The boys are highly disciplined. The boys lack any discipline
The helicopter had the reliability of a collapsing tower. The helicopter was not reliable. The helicopter was very reliable
The helicopter had the reliability of a battleship. The helicopter was not reliable. The helicopter was very reliable
This book is like silk in my hands. This book is hard to put down. This book is forgettable
This book is like hard-cover amnesia. This book is hard to put down. This book is forgettable
The teams passion was burning like an inferno. The team had a lot of passion. THe team had very little passion
The teams passion was burning like a match. The team had a lot of passion. THe team had very little passion
The sword was as sharp as a laser. The sword was sharp. The sword was dull
The sword was as sharp as a stick. The sword was sharp. The sword was dull
He maneuvered with the tactical precision of an experienced general. He manuevered skillfully. He maneuvered poorly
He maneuvered with the tactical precision of a clown car. He manuevered skillfully. He maneuvered poorly
The ending was as satisfying as a Thanksgiving dinner with all the trimmings. The ending was satisfying. The ending was unsatisfying
The ending was as satisfying as a stale saltine cracker. The ending was satisfying. The ending was unsatisfying
That guy is as smart as a rock. The guy is dumb. The guy is intelligent
That guy is as smart as a computer. The guy is dumb. The guy is intelligent
The friendship was as meaningful as a contract on a napkin. The friendship wasn't meaningful at all. The friendship was highly meaningful
The friendship was as meaningful as an international treaty. The friendship wasn't meaningful at all. The friendship was highly meaningful
The child was as still as a marble slab. The child was totally still. The child couldn't stop moving
The child was as still as a waterfall. The child was totally still. The child couldn't stop moving
He is as strong as a diamond. He is very strong. He is weak
He is as strong as a piece of graphite. He is very strong. He is weak
He has the satisfaction of a master chef after making a 5 star meal. He is very satisfied. He has very little satisfaction
He has the satisfaction of a master chef aftet making a bowl of canned . He is very satisfied. He has very little satisfaction
She had the dedication of a gnat. She is flighty and unfocused. She applies pressure consistently and over time
She had the dedication of a tectonic plate. She is flighty and unfocused. She applies pressure consistently and over time
The desire she felt was a mere trickle. She felt little desire. She felt a strong desire
The desire she felt was a surging wave. She felt little desire. She felt a strong desire
The man has the taste of a picky child. The man has poor taste in things. The man has exquisite and fine taste in things
The man has the taste of the Queen of England. The man has poor taste in things. The man has exquisite and fine taste in things
The bed is as comfortable as cloud. The bed is very comfortable. The bed is very uncomfortable
The bed is as comfortable as seeing your ex. The bed is very comfortable. The bed is very uncomfortable
She has the patience of a saint. She is very patient. She is not patient at all
She has the patience of a bull. She is very patient. She is not patient at all
He has the morality of a puppy dog. He is very moral and kind. He is not very moral or kind
He has the morality of a vulture. He is very moral and kind. He is not very moral or kind
His desire for her was a runaway horse. His desire for her was wild. His desire for her was dormant
His desire for her was a snail. His desire for her was wild. His desire for her was dormant
He could sprint like the wind. He was fast. He was slow
He could sprint like a tortoise. He was fast. He was slow
They fit each other's personalities like a plug in a socket. They fit each other's personalities perfectly. They don't fit each other's personalities well at all
They fit each other's personalities like a magnet on paper. They fit each other's personalities perfectly. They don't fit each other's personalities well at all
The spaghetti was as cold as the gaze of an angry parochial school teacher. The spaghetti was cold. The spaghetti was very hot
The spaghetti was as cold as a vacation to Hades. The spaghetti was cold. The spaghetti was very hot
Her mind was like a safe deposit box. Her mind is closed and secretive. Her mind is wide open and easily accessible
Her mind was like a child's toy box. Her mind is closed and secretive. Her mind is wide open and easily accessible
The ghost has the invisibility of a shy middle child with an overachieving older brother and a wild and rambunctious younger sister. The ghost is very hard to see. The ghost is very noticeable
The ghost has the invisibility of a bully in a china shop, smashing the china on his victim. The ghost is very hard to see. The ghost is very noticeable
Your wit has the sharpness of a blade. Your wit is clever. Your wit is dull and not clever
Your wit has the sharpness of a stone. Your wit is clever. Your wit is dull and not clever
She had all the grace and elegance of a ballerina. She is very graceful and elegant. She is not graceful or elegant, and in fact is cumbersome and unsophisticated
She had all the grace and elegance of a dump truck. She is very graceful and elegant. She is not graceful or elegant, and in fact is cumbersome and unsophisticated
The teacher had the patience of a flea. The teacher was impatient. The teacher was patient
The teacher had the patience of a tortoise. The teacher was impatient. The teacher was patient
The dog had the attitude of a yogi. The dog had a calm attitude. The dog had an aggressive attitude
The dog had the attitude of a military commander. The dog had a calm attitude. The dog had an aggressive attitude
He could run with the speed of a racehorse. He was really fast. He was really slow
He could run with the speed of a elderly tortoise. He was really fast. He was really slow
Henry is a golden retriever. Henry is trustworthy and friendly. Henry is not friendly or trustworthy
Henry is a cobra. Henry is trustworthy and friendly. Henry is not friendly or trustworthy
This cat has the grace of a ballerina. The cat is extremely graceful. The cat is clumsy and ungraceful
This cat has the grace of a pig on ice. The cat is extremely graceful. The cat is clumsy and ungraceful
The dog is as smart as a bowl of rocks. the dog is dumb. the dog is smart
The dog is as smart as a scientist. the dog is dumb. the dog is smart
The tax penalty was as heavy as a bowling ball. The tax penalty was very heavy. The tax penalty was very light
The tax penalty was as heavy as a hairpin. The tax penalty was very heavy. The tax penalty was very light
The food is as warm as a volcano. The food is hot. the food is cold
The food is as warm as ice. The food is hot. the food is cold
The road is as flat as a pancake. The road is flat. The road is rolling
The road is as flat as a roller coaster. The road is flat. The road is rolling
She is as transparent as a window. You can see her intentions. You can't tell what kind of person she is
She is as transparent as a wall. You can see her intentions. You can't tell what kind of person she is
He has a heart of gold. He has a great deal of concern for others. He doesn't care too much for others
He has a heart of coal. He has a great deal of concern for others. He doesn't care too much for others
The movie has the tension of a cat in a room full of rocking chairs. The movie is tense. The movie's pace is relaxed
The movie has the tension of a wet noodle. The movie is tense. The movie's pace is relaxed
the book has the depth of an ants bathtub. the story is superficial. the story is profound
the book has the depth of the marianna trench. the story is superficial. the story is profound
She was as jumpy as a yo-yo string. She was very anxious. She was very calm
She was as jumpy as a yogi. She was very anxious. She was very calm
The job pays as good as a Chinese factory. The job pays very little. The job pays excellent
The job pays as good as a politician's pay. The job pays very little. The job pays excellent
The book is as interesting as counting drips of water. The book is beyond boring. The book is incredible
The book is as interesting as time travel. The book is beyond boring. The book is incredible
The date had all the magic of an exotic tale. The date was intriguing. The date was boring
The date had all the magic of a classified ad. The date was intriguing. The date was boring
The photography is as beautiful as a sunrise on a crisp autumn day. The photography is beautiful and moving. The photography is ugly and unwanted
The photography is as beautiful as a trash heap. The photography is beautiful and moving. The photography is ugly and unwanted
The clown has a smile like a cat who just caught a mouse. The clown's smile is wide and happy. The clown's smile is inexpressive, flat
The clown has a smile like a marionette. The clown's smile is wide and happy. The clown's smile is inexpressive, flat
She thinks of him as highly as a full diaper. She thinks he's worthless. She prizes him
She thinks of him as highly as a diamond. She thinks he's worthless. She prizes him
His mother's words were littered with garbage. His mother's words were stupid. His mother's words were wise
His mother's words were littered with gems. His mother's words were stupid. His mother's words were wise
The crowd was filled with wolves. The crowd had several dangerous leaders. The crowd had several unthinking followers
The crowd was filled with sheep. The crowd had several dangerous leaders. The crowd had several unthinking followers
He eats like a mouse. He doesn't eat a lot. He eats a lot
He eats like a dog. He doesn't eat a lot. He eats a lot
The rabbit had the softness of an Eider Duck crossbred with a chinchilla. The rabbit feels extremely soft. The rabbit feels rough
The rabbit had the softness of the face of a man with 5 o'clock shadow. The rabbit feels extremely soft. The rabbit feels rough
The teacher was as amused as a girl on a date with her crush. the teacher was interested. the teacher didn't want to hear anything
The teacher was as amused as a judge in the courtroom. the teacher was interested. the teacher didn't want to hear anything
The whole series had the depth of a puddle. The series was boring. The series was profound
The whole series had the depth of a lake. The series was boring. The series was profound
The air had the cleanliness of pre-industrial China. The air is quite clean. The air is filthy
The air had the cleanliness of a freshly opened vacuum. The air is quite clean. The air is filthy
She is as busy as a beaver. She is really busy. She is lazy
She is as busy as a sloth. She is really busy. She is lazy
She sings like a song bird. She sings well. She sings badly
She sings like a howling cat. She sings well. She sings badly
He is as open as a closed door. He is not open at all. He is very open
He is as open as a large mall. He is not open at all. He is very open
His mood had the permanence of the sun. His mood never changes. His mood was always changing
His mood had the permanence of the tide. His mood never changes. His mood was always changing
She was hiding like Anne Frank. She was hiding well. She was hiding poorly
She was hiding like circus clown. She was hiding well. She was hiding poorly
Those facts were like the Bible. Those facts were not true. Those facts were true
Those facts were like dictionary. Those facts were not true. Those facts were true
The final score of the game ended up being closer than the hair on a dog's tail. The teams scored similar amounts of points till the end of the game. The teams did not score similar amounts till the end of the game
The final score of the game ended up being further than two goal posts on a football field. The teams scored similar amounts of points till the end of the game. The teams did not score similar amounts till the end of the game
The facts verified the case like A thief's lies. The facts were unreliable. The facts were solid and supported the case
The facts verified the case like A solid Sherlock Holmes case. The facts were unreliable. The facts were solid and supported the case
Laughter is like music to soul. Laughter makes me happy. Laughter annoys me
Laughter is like screeching on a chalkboard. Laughter makes me happy. Laughter annoys me
Facts are immovable boulders. Facts cannot be changed. Facts are constantly changing
Facts are liquid. Facts cannot be changed. Facts are constantly changing
His library was a brain. His library was really intellectual. His library was unimpressive
His library was a puff of smoke. His library was really intellectual. His library was unimpressive
Her face is a crater. Her face is bumpy. Her face is smooth
Her face is an ice rink. Her face is bumpy. Her face is smooth
The driver is a lumberjack. The driver is not careful. The driver is careful
The driver is a ballerina. The driver is not careful. The driver is careful
The monkey was a modern edison. The monkey was smart. The monkey was dumb
The monkey was a 1st grade dropout. The monkey was smart. The monkey was dumb
She has the conscience of the Pope after having a religious experience. She has a good conscience. She has a bad conscience
She has the conscience of Hitler on a bad day. She has a good conscience. She has a bad conscience
The candy wrapper has the crinkles of an old woman after soaking in a hot tub. The wrapper is very crinkly. The wrapper has no crinkles
The candy wrapper has the crinkles of a celebrity's face after a Botox injection. The wrapper is very crinkly. The wrapper has no crinkles
The microphone is as jumpy as a frog. the microphone is highly sensitive / overpowered. the microphone is highly insensitive / underpowered
The microphone is as jumpy as mud. the microphone is highly sensitive / overpowered. the microphone is highly insensitive / underpowered
The woman is as artistic as a wet mop. The woman is not artistic. The woman is a wonderful artist
The woman is as artistic as Van Gogh. The woman is not artistic. The woman is a wonderful artist
The parking lot is a crater. The parking lot is bumpy. The parking lot is smooth
The parking lot is a sheet of glass. The parking lot is bumpy. The parking lot is smooth
The punch hit me with the strength of a marshmallow. The punch is soft. The punch is hard
The punch hit me with the strength of a stone. The punch is soft. The punch is hard
The wing span of the bird goes on forever. The wings on the bird are large and massive. The wings are so small they look like a butterfly's wings
The wing span of the bird is as small as that of a butterfly. The wings on the bird are large and massive. The wings are so small they look like a butterfly's wings
Class was as interesting as a wet paper bag. Class was boring and dull. Class was very inspiring and made me think in a different way
Class was so stimulating that I felt reborn. Class was boring and dull. Class was very inspiring and made me think in a different way
his voice was coffee on an early morning. He had a very soothing voice. His voice was startlingly unpleasant
his voice was an alarm on an early morning. He had a very soothing voice. His voice was startlingly unpleasant
Dogs are loyalty and love given life. Dog wonderful creatures. Dogs are gross creatures
Dogs are begging and poop given life. Dog wonderful creatures. Dogs are gross creatures
The man was as handsome as a J. Crew model. The man had excellent looks. The man had poor looks
The man was as handsome as a naked mole rat. The man had excellent looks. The man had poor looks
His face is a dirt road. His face is bumpy. His face is smooth
His face is a sheet of glass. His face is bumpy. His face is smooth
The painter is a demolition derby. The painter is rough. The painter is careful
The painter is a surgeon. The painter is rough. The painter is careful
Matt's girlfriend is a vending machine. Matt's girlfriend is large. Matt's girlfriend is small
Matt's girlfriend is a P.O. Box. Matt's girlfriend is large. Matt's girlfriend is small
This table has been made by a Greek God. The table was well constructed. The table was poorly made
This table has been made by A chimpanzee. The table was well constructed. The table was poorly made
The child's room was a garbage dump. The child's room was messy. The child's room was clean
The child's room was a pre-surgical hospital room. The child's room was messy. The child's room was clean
Her mind was a set of broken chairs. Her mind was confused. Her mind was clever
Her mind was a vintage bookshelf. Her mind was confused. Her mind was clever
The man approached the project with as much skill as a neurosurgeon. The man brought expert skills to the project. The man brought no skills to the project
The man approached the project with as much skill as a middle school student. The man brought expert skills to the project. The man brought no skills to the project
The man moved as quickly as a car stuck in traffic. The man moved with no speed at all. The man moved with great speed
The man moved as quickly as Niagara Falls. The man moved with no speed at all. The man moved with great speed
He talked to me like I was going to give him money. He was really friendly. He was really evasive
He talked to me like he thought I was going to ask for money. He was really friendly. He was really evasive
That's about as useful as an icecube in a snowstorm. It's not useful at all. It's very useful
That's about as useful as a heated cabin in a snowstorm. It's not useful at all. It's very useful
The mattress was soft as granite. The mattress is hard. the mattress is soft
The mattress was soft as a cloud. The mattress is hard. the mattress is soft
The soap smelled like a field of lillies. the soap smelled good. the soap smelled bad
The soap smelled like wildebeest dung. the soap smelled good. the soap smelled bad
We have all the time of the lifespan of the universe. We have a lot of time. We have very little time
We have all the time of the lifespan of a housefly. We have a lot of time. We have very little time
The culture has the depth of a kiddie pool. The culture is superficial. The culture is complex
The culture has the depth of the mariana trench. The culture is superficial. The culture is complex
The road is a bed of rocks. The road is bumpy. The road is smooth
The road is an ice rink. The road is bumpy. The road is smooth
The yogurt was like onion ring batter. The yogurt was thick. The yogurt was thin
The yogurt was like mist. The yogurt was thick. The yogurt was thin
Masonite siding on houses repels water as well as a sponge. Masonite siding soaks up water. Masonite is water repellant
Masonite siding on houses repels water as well as a raincoat. Masonite siding soaks up water. Masonite is water repellant
Their culture has the openness of a meadow. The culture is very open and tolerant. The culture is not open or tolerant
Their culture has the openness of a closet. The culture is very open and tolerant. The culture is not open or tolerant
The woman has the shallowness of a bucket. She is very shallow. She is not very shallow
The woman has the shallowness of the ocean. She is very shallow. She is not very shallow
This place is as cultured as a museum. This place is highly cultured. This place is lowbrow and not cultured
This place is as cultured as a truck stop. This place is highly cultured. This place is lowbrow and not cultured
He is as strong as a body builder. He is strong. He is weak
He is as strong as a grandpa. He is strong. He is weak
The face cream has the texture of gravel. The face cream is too rough. The face cream is light
The face cream has the texture of chocolate mousse. The face cream is too rough. The face cream is light
The dog is as vicious as a goldfish. The dog is docile. The dog is dangerous 
The dog is as vicious as a starving bear. The dog is docile. The dog is dangerous 
The fog is as dense as iron. The fog is thick and hard to see through. The fog is thin and easy to see through
The fog is as dense as plexiglass. The fog is thick and hard to see through. The fog is thin and easy to see through
A priest is sexually active as often as a 9.1 earthquake. A priest is rarely sexually active. A priest is extremely sexually active
A priest is sexually active like Mount St Helen's. A priest is rarely sexually active. A priest is extremely sexually active
The doctor has the brains of a computer in Star Trek. The doctor is very intelligent. The doctor isn't very smart
The doctor has the brains of an underdeveloped pigeon. The doctor is very intelligent. The doctor isn't very smart
The girl was as demanding as a Hollywood actress. The girl was highly demanding. The girl was not demanding at all
The girl was as demanding as a soup kitchen volunteer. The girl was highly demanding. The girl was not demanding at all
The jewelry she tried to pawn has the value of A hobo's handkerchief. The jewelry is not worth much. The jewelry is very valuable
The jewelry she tried to pawn has the value of A pile of gold bars. The jewelry is not worth much. The jewelry is very valuable
She possessed the beauty of A dung beetle. She is ugly. She is beautiful
She possessed the beauty of A fabulous fashion model. She is ugly. She is beautiful
He's got the positioning of an NFL player. He's got professional level positioning. He's got terrible positioning
He's got the positioning of squid. He's got professional level positioning. He's got terrible positioning
He has the discipline of a Buddhist monk. He's extremely disciplined. He's not disciplined at all
He has the discipline of a wild hyena. He's extremely disciplined. He's not disciplined at all
The pepper is an inferno. The pepper is super spicy. The pepper is not spicy
The pepper is an ice cube. The pepper is super spicy. The pepper is not spicy
He has all the anger of a beaten dog. He's very angry. He's not at all angry
He has all the anger of a happy butterfly. He's very angry. He's not at all angry
Her hair has the oil of the Gulf of Mexico in April 2010. Her hair is oily. Her hair is oil free
Her hair has the oil of Dawn dish detergent. Her hair is oily. Her hair is oil free
The church was as orthodox as an occult meeting. The church was heretical and move beyond the boundaries of accepted teachings. The church was within the boundaries of accepted teachings and were in line with the Great Tradition
The church was as orthodox as the ancient church fathers. The church was heretical and move beyond the boundaries of accepted teachings. The church was within the boundaries of accepted teachings and were in line with the Great Tradition
The girl's tongue was as sharp as a sword. The girls tongue was very sharp. The girl's tongue wasn't sharp at all
The girl's tongue was as sharp as a pillow. The girls tongue was very sharp. The girl's tongue wasn't sharp at all
He is as spiritual as a buddha. He is very religious. He is not religious
He is as spiritual as my dog. He is very religious. He is not religious
His thoughts flowed like the sands in an hourglass. His thoughts flowed smoothly and steadily. His thoughts were all over the place
His thoughts flowed like a break dance monkey. His thoughts flowed smoothly and steadily. His thoughts were all over the place
His bachelor pad smelled as fresh as a frat dorm bathroom on Taco Bell night. His bachelor pad smelled awful. His bachelor pad smelled wonderful
His bachelor pad smelled as fresh as a Ralph Lauren fragrance factory. His bachelor pad smelled awful. His bachelor pad smelled wonderful
My soul weighs as much as a dollar bill. My soul is without a worry. My soul is worried
My soul weighs as much as a truck tire. My soul is without a worry. My soul is worried
He has the spirituality of the Pope after getting a vision from God. He is very spiritual. He is not spiritual at all
He has the spirituality of an Athiest who burns down churches. He is very spiritual. He is not spiritual at all
The film had the runtime of the lifetime of a hundred suns. The film was very long. The film was quite short
The film had the runtime of the distance an ant travels in a minute. The film was very long. The film was quite short
The doctor is as friendly as a swarm of wasps. The doctor is mean. The doctor is lovable
The doctor is as friendly as a pack of puppies. The doctor is mean. The doctor is lovable
His speech had the urgency of a man who has to urinate. His speech had a lot of urgency. His speech had no urgency
His speech had the urgency of a far away deadline. His speech had a lot of urgency. His speech had no urgency
This work of art is as brilliant as a goldfish. This work of art is dumb. This work of art is a masterpiece
This work of art is as brilliant as the Taj Mahal. This work of art is dumb. This work of art is a masterpiece
This outfit is worthy of a pack of gremlins. This outfit is horrible. This outfit is amazing
This outfit is worthy of the catwalk. This outfit is horrible. This outfit is amazing
They collaborate like a mouse and cheese. They collaborate really well. They do not collaborate well at all
They collaborate like a mouse and a hungry cat. They collaborate really well. They do not collaborate well at all
He's got the discipline of a drill instructor. He is very disciplined. He is not disciplined at all
He's got the discipline of a a toddler. He is very disciplined. He is not disciplined at all
He's got the speed of a cheetah. He is very fast. He is very slow
He's got the speed of a sloth. He is very fast. He is very slow
She was as friendly as An old angry cat. She wasn't kind at all. She was happy to see us
She was as friendly as A newborn puppy. She wasn't kind at all. She was happy to see us
She has the attention span of A gnat. She has a short attention span. She has a long attention span
She has the attention span of a dolphin. She has a short attention span. She has a long attention span
The house is the age of a mummy from ancient Egypt. The house is old. The house is young
The house is the age of The Mummy starring Tom Cruise. The house is old. The house is young
The can holds all the noodles of Chef Boyardee's pantry. The can holds many noodles. The can has few noodles in it
The can holds all the noodles of a "fun size" portion of food. The can holds many noodles. The can has few noodles in it
The ballerina had the elegance and grace of a flamingo. The ballerina was graceful. The ballerina was clumsy
The ballerina had the elegance and grace of a hippopotamus. The ballerina was graceful. The ballerina was clumsy
The dog is as courageous as the cowardly lion. The dog is cowardly. The dog is very brave
The dog is as courageous as an entire army. The dog is cowardly. The dog is very brave
The balloon had the floating ability of Aquaman beneath the water. The balloon is good at floating. The balloon floats poorly
The balloon had the floating ability of Aquaman on land. The balloon is good at floating. The balloon floats poorly
The metal is a snakeskin. The metal is rough. The metal is smooth
The metal is a mirror. The metal is rough. The metal is smooth
The place was as joyful as a party. The place was joyful. The place was miserable
The place was as joyful as a funeral. The place was joyful. The place was miserable
This is as crispy as fried bacon!. The item is very crispy. The item isn't crispy at all
This is as crispy as raw bacon!. The item is very crispy. The item isn't crispy at all
He's as cute as a red panda!. He was very cute. He was not very cute
He's as cute as a blobfish. He was very cute. He was not very cute
The metal has the strength of Hercules. The metal is very strong. The metal is very weak
The metal has the strength of a wet angel hair pasta noodle. The metal is very strong. The metal is very weak
I want to spend time with this project as if it were my enemy. You do not want to spend time on the project. You do want to spend time on the project
I want to spend time with this project as if it were my game. You do not want to spend time on the project. You do want to spend time on the project
The project is as favorable as my enemy. The project is not favorable. The project is favorable
The project is as favorable as my game. The project is not favorable. The project is favorable
He's as bright as the north star. He's very smart. He's not very smart
He's as bright as a dead lightbulb. He's very smart. He's not very smart
The rabbit has the speed of a racecar. The rabbit is fast. The rabbit is slow
The rabbit has the speed of a sloth. The rabbit is fast. The rabbit is slow
The duck had all the noisiness of a racecar honking every time it passes a blade of grass. The duck is noisy. The duck is quiet
The duck had all the noisiness of a stack of papers beneath a paperweight. The duck is noisy. The duck is quiet
That woman has the skin of a shedding snake. That woman has dead, peeling skin. That woman has smooth skin
That woman has the skin of a piece of glass. That woman has dead, peeling skin. That woman has smooth skin
The novel has the emotional relatability of a boa constrictor. The novel is not relatable. The novel is relatable
The novel has the emotional relatability of an old friend. The novel is not relatable. The novel is relatable
The house is as large as the Grand Canyon. The house is enormous. The house is tiny
The house is as large as a mousetrap. The house is enormous. The house is tiny
The movie has the depth of a Dick and Jane book. The movie is simplistic. The movie has a deep plot
The movie has the depth of a Shakespearean play. The movie is simplistic. The movie has a deep plot
The average person has the emotions of a complex, sentient mammal. The average person has many emotions. The average person has no emotions
The average person has the emotions of a cold, unfeeling automaton. The average person has many emotions. The average person has no emotions
The sponge has the absorption of a fat man at an "All You Can Eat" buffet. The sponge has high absorbance. The sponge can absorb little
The sponge has the absorption of a one-ply piece of toilet paper. The sponge has high absorbance. The sponge can absorb little
The CEO's idea was as cutting-edge as a robot with emotions. The CEO's idea was extremely novel. The CEO's idea was outdated
The CEO's idea was as cutting-edge as MySpace. The CEO's idea was extremely novel. The CEO's idea was outdated
The girl was as knowledgeable as Google. The girl was extremely smart. The girl was ignorant
The girl was as knowledgeable as un untrained puppy. The girl was extremely smart. The girl was ignorant
Peter wears shoes that could be classified as ocean going vessels. Peter wears shoes in a very large size. Peter wears shoes in a very small size
Peter wears shoes that could fit an elf. Peter wears shoes in a very large size. Peter wears shoes in a very small size
The atmosphere in Mexico City is a sauna. The atmosphere is smoggy. The atmosphere is clean
The atmosphere in Mexico City is glass. The atmosphere is smoggy. The atmosphere is clean
The flower has the aroma of a mother's kiss. The flower smells good. The flower smells bad
The flower has the aroma of satan's kiss. The flower smells good. The flower smells bad
The relationship had the length of a marathon. The relationship was long. The relationship was short
The relationship had the length of paper clip. The relationship was long. The relationship was short
George hit the ground like a ton of bricks. George hit the ground hard. George hit the ground softly
George hit the ground like a feather. George hit the ground hard. George hit the ground softly
The movie has the depth of a one dimensional cartoon character. The movie is boring. The movie is profound
The movie has the depth of an all encompassing black hole of outer space. The movie is boring. The movie is profound
The writer had the depth of an empty bathtub. The writer was dull. The writer was profound
The writer had the depth of the Mariana Trench. The writer was dull. The writer was profound
The cheerleader had the depth of an empty sink. The cheerleader was superficial. The cheerleader was profound
The cheerleader had the depth of the bottom of the ocean. The cheerleader was superficial. The cheerleader was profound
Her reaction to the cockroach was as subtle as getting electrocuted during a grand mal seizure. Her reaction to the cockroach was histrionic. Her reaction to the cockroach was calm
Her reaction to the cockroach was as subtle as a scientist observing mold in a petri dish. Her reaction to the cockroach was histrionic. Her reaction to the cockroach was calm
This song is as good to listen to as nails on a chalkboard. the song is unpleasant. the song is ethereally good
This song is as good to listen to as the sound of angels ringing bells. the song is unpleasant. the song is ethereally good
The homework has the complexity of theoretical physics. The homework is impossible to fully understand. The homework is simple and straightforward
The homework has the complexity of a rock. The homework is impossible to fully understand. The homework is simple and straightforward
That wave is the Sears Tower. the wave is tall. the wave is short
That wave is an anthill. the wave is tall. the wave is short
The temperature made it feel like I was in an icebox. The temperature was cold. The temperature was hot
The temperature made it feel like I was in a broiler. The temperature was cold. The temperature was hot
Listening to classical music feels like an ocean of emotions. classical music is intense. classical music is dull
Listening to classical music feels like being in a coma. classical music is intense. classical music is dull
The counter is a snake. The counter is curvy. The counter is straight
The counter is a ruler. The counter is curvy. The counter is straight
It's about as warm as an egg in a frying pan. It's very hot. It's not hot at all
It's about as warm as an icecube. It's very hot. It's not hot at all
That book has the affect of A sleeping pill. The book is boring. The book is exciting
That book has the affect of A caffine pill. The book is boring. The book is exciting
You're as expressive as an actor. You're very expressive. You're unexpressive
You're as expressive as a robot. You're very expressive. You're unexpressive
He's as deep as a puddle. He's not a deep thinker. He's a very deep thinker
He's as deep as the sea. He's not a deep thinker. He's a very deep thinker
That teacher is Google. That teacher is knowledgeable. That teacher is out-of-date
That teacher is America Online. That teacher is knowledgeable. That teacher is out-of-date
Your momma is a hot air balloon. Your momma is bloated. Your momma is sexy
Your momma is a slick lynx. Your momma is bloated. Your momma is sexy
The hotel bed was as luxurious as 24 karat gold. The bed was very luxurious. The hotel bed was not luxurious at all
The hotel bed was as luxurious as a sleeping bag. The bed was very luxurious. The hotel bed was not luxurious at all
The dress had the thickness of cellophane. The dress was sheer. The dress was solid
The dress had the thickness of a solid piece of wood. The dress was sheer. The dress was solid
The whirlpool had the suction power of an Olympic diver coming up for air. The whirlpool had a strong suction. The suction of the whirlpool was weak
The whirlpool had the suction power of a vacuum after sucking up a cheeseburger wrapper. The whirlpool had a strong suction. The suction of the whirlpool was weak
Darcy had the dancing skill of Michael Jackson with bionic legs. Darcy is a great dancer. Darcy can hardly dance at all
Darcy had the dancing skill of a six-legged spider on crutches. Darcy is a great dancer. Darcy can hardly dance at all
My anger is like a universe. My anger is vast. My anger is fluctuating
My anger is like a bobbing wave. My anger is vast. My anger is fluctuating
His arrival was as exciting as a show of fireworks. He created much excitement. People were bored by his appearance
His arrival was as exciting as a snail race. He created much excitement. People were bored by his appearance
He was as angry as a wild beast. He was angry. He was calm, and not angry
He was as angry as a zen master. He was angry. He was calm, and not angry
You're smooth as a ball. You're very smooth. You're very rough and not smooth
You're smooth as a cactus. You're very smooth. You're very rough and not smooth
The woman had the toughness of a rhino. The woman was very tough. The woman was not very tough
The woman had the toughness of a guinea pig. The woman was very tough. The woman was not very tough
That man had the reliability of a surgeon with ten years of experience. The man was very reliable. The man couldn't be relied on at all
That man had the reliability of a ten-year old surgeon. The man was very reliable. The man couldn't be relied on at all
The moth reminded me of the Silence of the Lambs. The moth reminded me of something frightening. The moth reminded me of something comforting
The moth reminded me of summers at grandma's. The moth reminded me of something frightening. The moth reminded me of something comforting
The butterfly had the coloration of A mud fence. The butterfly's coloration is drab. The butterfly's coloration is beautiful
The butterfly had the coloration of A peacock's plumage. The butterfly's coloration is drab. The butterfly's coloration is beautiful
The selection at the store was like that of A lonely street vendor. The store has a limited selection of items. The store has a wide range of items
The selection at the store was like that of A huge department store. The store has a limited selection of items. The store has a wide range of items
The CEO was a lumberer. The CEO was clumsy. The CEO was careful
The CEO was a sculptor. The CEO was clumsy. The CEO was careful
The man had the coordination of an acrobat. He was very coordinated. He was very uncoordinated
The man had the coordination of a drunken sailor. He was very coordinated. He was very uncoordinated
Adam is as strong as a tsunami. Adam is strong. Adam is weak
Adam is as strong as a gentle wave. Adam is strong. Adam is weak
Lisa is sharp as an axe. Lisa is smart. Lisa is dumb
Lisa is sharp as an sponge. Lisa is smart. Lisa is dumb
His house seemed to be made out of hand sanitizer. The house was really clean. The house was disgusting
His house seemed to be made out of bacteria. The house was really clean. The house was disgusting
That haunted house has a fear factor of a bunny eating a carrot. The haunted house was mild and tame. The haunted house was scary and sickening
That haunted house has a fear factor of being force fed roaches by a zombie. The haunted house was mild and tame. The haunted house was scary and sickening
The students are as focused as cardiothoracic surgeons. The students are as focused as can be. The students have a total lack of focus
The students are as focused as young puppies. The students are as focused as can be. The students have a total lack of focus
The elephant is a whale. The elephant is large. The elephant is small
The elephant is a mouse. The elephant is large. The elephant is small
The meaning of the poem was as accessible as Virgil's Aeneid. The meaning is not self-explanatory; it requires education from experts in understanding it. The meaning is easy to decipher without much expertise
The meaning of the poem was as accessible as childhood fairytale. The meaning is not self-explanatory; it requires education from experts in understanding it. The meaning is easy to decipher without much expertise
The scene was as refreshing as lemonade. The scene was totally refreshing. The scene wasn't refreshing at all
The scene was as refreshing as an empty glass. The scene was totally refreshing. The scene wasn't refreshing at all
The car is a whale. The car is large. The car is small
The car is a amoeba. The car is large. The car is small
The chair's legs are twigs. The legs are thin and brittle. The legs are thick and heavy
The chair's legs are tree trunks. The legs are thin and brittle. The legs are thick and heavy
His smile was a closed door. His smile was not inviting. His smile was inviting
His smile was an open door. His smile was not inviting. His smile was inviting
That business meeting was a coup d'tat. The business meeting was when they betrayed the leader. The business meeting was when they selected the leader
That business meeting was a royal coronation. The business meeting was when they betrayed the leader. The business meeting was when they selected the leader
I have as many book ideas as There are days in a year. I have over 300 book ideas. I only have a few book ideas
I have as many book ideas as There are 00's in one hundred. I have over 300 book ideas. I only have a few book ideas
The bear is a puppy dog. The bear is sweet and docile. The bear is aggressive
The bear is a T-rex. The bear is sweet and docile. The bear is aggressive
The fact that he drives that car tells you his parents never loved him. The car demonstrates the underlying insecurities of the driver. The car demonstrates the driver's secure sense of themselves
The fact that he drives that car tells you he was never bullied in high school. The car demonstrates the underlying insecurities of the driver. The car demonstrates the driver's secure sense of themselves
The well has all the water of the hump in a camel's back. There's a lot of water in the well. The well is dry
The well has all the water of the Gobi desert. There's a lot of water in the well. The well is dry
The razor was sharp like a guillotine. The razor was sharp. The razor was not sharp
The razor was sharp like a dull pencil. The razor was sharp. The razor was not sharp
I prefer to live like an ant. I prefee to live a life focused on working hard so that I am prepared for the future. I prefer to live a life that is carefree and in the moment, with no thought of the future
I prefer to live like a grasshopper. I prefee to live a life focused on working hard so that I am prepared for the future. I prefer to live a life that is carefree and in the moment, with no thought of the future
Her mind is a steel trap. She remembers everything, no matter how insignificant. She remembers nothing, and has lost half of what she once knew
Her mind is swiss cheese. She remembers everything, no matter how insignificant. She remembers nothing, and has lost half of what she once knew
The song was as upbeat as a football game rally. The song was really upbeat. The song was heavyhanded
The song was as upbeat as a funeral hymn. The song was really upbeat. The song was heavyhanded
The razor is a newly polished blade. The razor is sharp. The razor is dull
The razor is a pair of rusty kitchen scissors. The razor is sharp. The razor is dull
She rests as much as a cat. She rests a lot. She doesn't rest much at all
She rests as much as a mother of triplets. She rests a lot. She doesn't rest much at all
The ball bounced as high as the sky. The ball bounced very high. The ball barely bounced at all
The ball bounced as high as the ground. The ball bounced very high. The ball barely bounced at all
The razor had the sharpness of a sword. The razor was sharp. The razor was dull
The razor had the sharpness of a stone. The razor was sharp. The razor was dull
The razor is a stick of rust. The razor is rusty and old. The razor is sharp
The razor is a knife. The razor is rusty and old. The razor is sharp
He has a heart of stone. He is hard. He is generous
He has a heart of gold. He is hard. He is generous
The giraffe is a newborn baby eel. The giraffe is awkward. The giraffe is elegant
The giraffe is a gazelle. The giraffe is awkward. The giraffe is elegant
He's as tall as a giraffe. He's really tall. He's really short
He's as tall as a gnome. He's really tall. He's really short
She laughs as much as a clown. She laughs a lot. She doesn't laugh much at all
She laughs as much as a a strict librarian. She laughs a lot. She doesn't laugh much at all
The car drove as smooth as butter. The car drove smoothly. The car drove roughly
The car drove as smooth as gravel. The car drove smoothly. The car drove roughly
We're as good of friends as two dogs fighting over the last bone. They're not really good friends at all and are desperate. They are good friends and are comfortable
We're as good of friends as two dogs enjoying a feast. They're not really good friends at all and are desperate. They are good friends and are comfortable
Her validity of her excuse was as sturdy as a sheet of tissue paper. Her excuse was flimsy. Her excuse was solid
Her validity of her excuse was as sturdy as the Library of Congress. Her excuse was flimsy. Her excuse was solid
She loved me like a mother. She loved me. She didn't love me at all
She loved me like a wicked stepmother. She loved me. She didn't love me at all
His voice was as quiet as a mouse. His voice was quiet. His voice was loud
His voice was as quiet as a megaphone. His voice was quiet. His voice was loud
The seeds have the hardness of running a marathon while carrying a boulder on your back. The seeds are hard. The seeds are soft
The seeds have the hardness of a bowl of melting ice cream. The seeds are hard. The seeds are soft
The meat has the smell of a freshly baked Christmas ham. The meat smells good. The meat smells foul
The meat has the smell of a sweaty pair of running shoes. The meat smells good. The meat smells foul
This table has the stability of a mountain. This table is very strong. This table is very flimsy
This table has the stability of a house of cards. This table is very strong. This table is very flimsy
That building was built in the Jurassic period. That building was built a long time ago. That building was built very recently
That building was built a second ago. That building was built a long time ago. That building was built very recently
This meal is tastes as if it was made by Gordon Ramsay. The food is delicious. The food is disgusting
This meal is tastes as if it was made by three rats with no tongue. The food is delicious. The food is disgusting
The hockey player was a demolition derby. The hockey player was sloppy. The hockey player was careful
The hockey player was a gazelle. The hockey player was sloppy. The hockey player was careful
He shined like the stars. He shined brightly. He was dull and didn't shine at all
He shined like the dirt. He shined brightly. He was dull and didn't shine at all
She was as hot as the sun. She was hot. She was not hot, but cold
She was as hot as a popsicle. She was hot. She was not hot, but cold
The dog has the softness of a feather duster. The dog is soft. The dog isn't soft
The dog has the softness of an asteroid. The dog is soft. The dog isn't soft
The reviews indicated that the product quality was that of A broken down car on the freeway. The product quality was poor. The product quality was excellent
The reviews indicated that the product quality was that of The most robust product ever. The product quality was poor. The product quality was excellent
Life is a wonderful walk. Life is enjoyable. Life is hard
Life is an arduous trek. Life is enjoyable. Life is hard
Life is a dumpster fire. Life is trash. Life is wonderful
Life is a butterfly. Life is trash. Life is wonderful
The poker game had stakes as high as the sun. The poker game was high-stakes. The poker game was low-stakes
The poker game had stakes as high as the floor. The poker game was high-stakes. The poker game was low-stakes
Love in marriage is the cherry on top of the sundae. love in marriage is the best, finishing touch. love in marriage is an unpleasant surprise that ruins it
Love in marriage is the worm inside the pretty apple. love in marriage is the best, finishing touch. love in marriage is an unpleasant surprise that ruins it
Your first love is an icy road. your first love is dangerous and hard to navigate. your first love is comfortable and comforting
Your first love is a warm blanket. your first love is dangerous and hard to navigate. your first love is comfortable and comforting
divorce is a rainbow after a storm. divorce is something surprisingly good after something devastating. divorce is the feeling of failing
divorce is a sinking ship. divorce is something surprisingly good after something devastating. divorce is the feeling of failing
The book was as interesting as a theme park. The book was interesting. The book was boring
The book was as interesting as wet paint. The book was interesting. The book was boring
The song was as delicious as a decadent chocolate. The song is excellent. The song is horrible
The song was as delicious as vomit. The song is excellent. The song is horrible
The boy was as tired as a marathon winner. The boy was exhausted. The boy wasn't tired at all
The boy was as tired as the Energizer Bunny. The boy was exhausted. The boy wasn't tired at all
The corporate hierarchy was as flat as the Grand Canyon. The corporate hierarchy was alive and well. The corporate hierarchy was nonexistent
The corporate hierarchy was as flat as notebook paper. The corporate hierarchy was alive and well. The corporate hierarchy was nonexistent
He's got the vision of an eagle. He has extremely good vision. He can barely see
He's got the vision of a blind bat. He has extremely good vision. He can barely see
She's got strength of a gorilla. She's very strong. She's not strong at all
She's got strength of a baby mouse. She's very strong. She's not strong at all
Her banana bread is as moist as pudding. Her banana bread is very moist. Her banana bread is very dry
Her banana bread is as moist as leather. Her banana bread is very moist. Her banana bread is very dry
That car moves like a snail. The car is slow. The car is fast
That car moves like a rocket. The car is slow. The car is fast
The melody sounded like a child's first learning to play the piano. The melody was simplistic and randomly thrown together. The melody was complex, beautiful, and had the feel of a classic work of art
The melody sounded like a Chopin concerto. The melody was simplistic and randomly thrown together. The melody was complex, beautiful, and had the feel of a classic work of art
The mattress has the comfort of a knife. The mattress is too hard. The mattress is warm and cozy
The mattress has the comfort of a hot tub. The mattress is too hard. The mattress is warm and cozy
The wind chimes had the tone of fingernails on a blackboard. The wind chimes sound harsh. The wind chimes sound pleasing
The wind chimes had the tone of children laughing. The wind chimes sound harsh. The wind chimes sound pleasing
The bake sale has enough cupcakes to fill the depths of an Olympic swimming pool. The bake sale has a ton of cupcakes. The bake sale doesn't have many cupcakes
The bake sale has enough cupcakes to fill the depths of a thimble. The bake sale has a ton of cupcakes. The bake sale doesn't have many cupcakes
He's got the smarts of a rocket scientist. He's very smart. He's very dumb
He's got the smarts of a jellyfish. He's very smart. He's very dumb
That steak knife cuts like a scalpel. The knife is very sharp. The knife is not sharp at all
That steak knife cuts like a spoon. The knife is very sharp. The knife is not sharp at all
He's as sharp as a razor. He's very smart and quick. He's not smart
He's as sharp as a butter knife. He's very smart and quick. He's not smart
The shoelaces have the stringiness of a Japanese ghost's hair. The shoelaces are quite stringy. The shoelaces are stiff
The shoelaces have the stringiness of a petrified tree branch. The shoelaces are quite stringy. The shoelaces are stiff
She dances like a fairy. she dances well. she dances poorly
She dances like a turtle. she dances well. she dances poorly
He dressed as sharp as a knife. He dressed well. He dressed poorly
He dressed as sharp as a crayon. He dressed well. He dressed poorly
The coffee is the temperature of fire. The coffee is burning hot. The coffee is very cold
The coffee is the temperature of ice. The coffee is burning hot. The coffee is very cold
The enemy was scary like Freddy Krueger. The enemy was scary. The enemy was not scary
The enemy was scary like Snow White. The enemy was scary. The enemy was not scary
The singer has the range of the Himalayas. The singer has a wide vocal range. The singer has a narrow, poor range
The singer has the range of a mound of sand. The singer has a wide vocal range. The singer has a narrow, poor range
The Actor has the appeal of A rainbow. The actor has a beautiful attractive countenance. The actor has an uninteresting look
The Actor has the appeal of stink bug. The actor has a beautiful attractive countenance. The actor has an uninteresting look
He's got the patience of an elementary school teacher. He's really patient. He's not patient at all
He's got the patience of a hungry shark. He's really patient. He's not patient at all
The meaning of the essay is as straightforward as a billboard headline. The essay's meaning is totally clear. The essay's meaning is very abstract
The meaning of the essay is as straightforward as a Rothko painting. The essay's meaning is totally clear. The essay's meaning is very abstract
The situation is as sticky as maple syrup. The situation is hard to get out of. The situation isn't very messy
The situation is as sticky as water. The situation is hard to get out of. The situation isn't very messy
The room has the feeling of a pristine forest. The room is serene. The room is chaotic
The room has the feeling of a rock concert. The room is serene. The room is chaotic
John was as motivated as a man running from the gallows. John was really motivated. John was not motivated at all
John was as motivated as a worker with no pay. John was really motivated. John was not motivated at all
The crate holds the the weight of an elephant riding a whale. The crate can hold a lot of weight. The crate isn't capable of handling much weight
The crate holds the the weight of a drop of water. The crate can hold a lot of weight. The crate isn't capable of handling much weight
People I help on Mturk are as grateful as hungry swine. Requesters aren't grateful. Requesters are grateful
People I help on Mturk are as grateful as a fed pup. Requesters aren't grateful. Requesters are grateful
His critical thinking skills are like cotton candy. He has no critical thinking skills. He has great critical thinking skills
His critical thinking skills are a finely tuned machine. He has no critical thinking skills. He has great critical thinking skills
These pancakes taste a lot like cement before it hardens. The pancakes are undercooked. The pancakes are light and fluffy
These pancakes taste like cumulous clouds!. The pancakes are undercooked. The pancakes are light and fluffy
The book has the depth of A mud puddle. The book is simplistic. The book is profound
The book has the depth of The Mariana Trench. The book is simplistic. The book is profound
Her dress is as fancy as a king's crown. Her dress is very showy. Her dress is very plain
Her dress is as fancy as a paper bag. Her dress is very showy. Her dress is very plain
The motor sounded as ready as a dying man. The motor is on its last leg. The motor is ready to go and will last a long time
The motor sounded as ready as a marathon runner. The motor is on its last leg. The motor is ready to go and will last a long time
She's as tall as a giraffe. She's very tall. She's very small
She's as tall as a mouse. She's very tall. She's very small
My bed is a giant marshmellow. My bed is soft. My bed is hard
My bed is a brick. My bed is soft. My bed is hard
You're as smart as a brick wall. you are not very smart. you are very smart
You're as smart as a genius. you are not very smart. you are very smart
This place has all the charm of a murder scene. This place is terrible. This place is full of wonder
This place has all the charm of a an enchanted forest. This place is terrible. This place is full of wonder
Listening to that performance was like slamming my fingers in the car door. listening to that performance was a horrible experience. listening to that performance was a wonderful experience
Listening to that performance was like ascending to paradise. listening to that performance was a horrible experience. listening to that performance was a wonderful experience
Her demeanor is as cold as ice. She is standoffish. She is friendly
Her demeanor is as warm as the sun. She is standoffish. She is friendly
The wind has the bite of a shark. The wind is cold. The wind is warm and soothing
The wind has the caress of a lover. The wind is cold. The wind is warm and soothing
The hole is as deep as a cavern. The hole is deep. The hole is shallow
The hole is as deep as a a puddle. The hole is deep. The hole is shallow
The smell of a baby is that of the interior of a new car. The smell of a baby is of freshness. The smell of a baby is quite stinky
The smell of a baby is that of a roadside dumpster. The smell of a baby is of freshness. The smell of a baby is quite stinky
The woman was as smart as a whip. The woman was extremely smart. The woman wasnt smart at all
The woman was as smart as a newborn baby. The woman was extremely smart. The woman wasnt smart at all
My comprehension is that of an ant studying physics. My comprehension is nil. My comprehension is vast
My comprehension is that of a supercomputer. My comprehension is nil. My comprehension is vast
The fire burns for as long as the world turns. The fire burns for a long time. The fire burns out quickly
The fire burns for the time it takes to sing the ABCs. The fire burns for a long time. The fire burns out quickly
The space between them was a chasm. They are distant from one another. They are very close
The space between them was a thread. They are distant from one another. They are very close
The song has the energy of a lightning bolt to the brain. The song is full of power. The song is ordinary and dull
The song has the energy of a dog lapping water. The song is full of power. The song is ordinary and dull
The budget is as tight as Spandex. The budget is very tight. The budget isn't tight at all
The budget is as tight as a pair of extra-large sweatpants. The budget is very tight. The budget isn't tight at all
Her labor was as easy as eating chocolate cake. The labor was actually really easy. The labor was extremely difficult and painful
Her labor was as easy as rolling on flaming coals. The labor was actually really easy. The labor was extremely difficult and painful
When taking the test she felt like a nuclear physicist. She felt very smart while taking the test. She felt very stupid while taking the test
When taking the test she felt like a two-month old. She felt very smart while taking the test. She felt very stupid while taking the test
That writer's prose is city smog. That writer's prose is difficult and unpleasant to process. That writer's prose is simple and pleasant to process
That writer's prose is homemade pie. That writer's prose is difficult and unpleasant to process. That writer's prose is simple and pleasant to process
My oppurtunities are like windows slammed shut. I have no options. My options are wide open
My oppurtunities are like windows wide open. I have no options. My options are wide open
Her voice was like a banshee. Her voice is loud. Her voice is soft
Her voice was like a songbird. Her voice is loud. Her voice is soft
The girl is as intelligent as a NASA astronomer. The girl is wildly intelligent. The girl is totally dumb
The girl is as intelligent as an illiterate person. The girl is wildly intelligent. The girl is totally dumb
Joes new outfit had him feeling like a million bucks. The outfit made Joe feel good. The outfit made Joe feel bad
Joes new outfit had him feeling like an ant. The outfit made Joe feel good. The outfit made Joe feel bad
Product placement ads are as subtle as a tuba accompanying a piccolo. ads are abrasive. ads are sly
Product placement ads are as subtle as British wit. ads are abrasive. ads are sly
The road is a minefield. There are many obstacles in the road. The road is smooth, flat and open
The road is a runway. There are many obstacles in the road. The road is smooth, flat and open
The dog has the patience of the sea. The dog can wait a long time. The dog cannot wait
The dog has the patience of an infant. The dog can wait a long time. The dog cannot wait
Jeremy took to soccer like a fish takes to water. Jeremy is really good at soccer. Jeremy is really bad at soccer
Jeremy took to soccer like a fish takes to land. Jeremy is really good at soccer. Jeremy is really bad at soccer
Your cat is friendly as a teddy bear. The cat is lovable and friendly. The cat is vicious and scary
Your cat is friendly as a velociraptor. The cat is lovable and friendly. The cat is vicious and scary
The necklace is a star. The necklace is shining. The necklace is dull
The necklace is a mud pie. The necklace is shining. The necklace is dull
The man has the eyes of a bat. The man can't see anything. The man has clear, sharp vision
The man has the eyes of a sniper. The man can't see anything. The man has clear, sharp vision
The man has the patience of a baby. The man is short-tempered. The man is has a large amount of patience
The man has the patience of a god. The man is short-tempered. The man is has a large amount of patience
The light has the shine of a black hole. The light is very dim. The light is shining brightly
The light has the shine of a flashing neon sign. The light is very dim. The light is shining brightly
The conference was as fun as a carnival. The conference was fun to attend. The conference was boring
The conference was as fun as a math lecture. The conference was fun to attend. The conference was boring
He had the authority of Joseph Stalin. He was too harsh and had a lot of authority. He had not authority
He had the authority of a puppy dog. He was too harsh and had a lot of authority. He had not authority
Her ego was a hot air balloon. She had a huge ego. She did not have a huge ego
Her ego was a popped balloon. She had a huge ego. She did not have a huge ego
He has the emotional intelligence of a rock. He completely lacks empathy and emotional consideration for others. He is conscious of other people's problems, and reaches out constantly to help them
He has the emotional intelligence of Dr. Phil. He completely lacks empathy and emotional consideration for others. He is conscious of other people's problems, and reaches out constantly to help them
The monitor has the brightness of the sun. The monitor is bright. The monitor is dark
The monitor has the brightness of a cave. The monitor is bright. The monitor is dark
The speaker has the loudness of a concert. The speaker is loud. The speaker is quiet
The speaker has the loudness of a whisper. The speaker is loud. The speaker is quiet
The room has the space of an auditorium. The room is large. The room is small
The room has the space of a closet. The room is large. The room is small
The apartment complex was as old as the Great Pyramids. The apartment complex was very old. The apartment complex was very new
The apartment complex was as old as a just-born baby. The apartment complex was very old. The apartment complex was very new
The prototype ran as smooth as a car fresh off the lot. The prototype was smooth. The prototype was rough and not smooth
The prototype ran as smooth as a car fresh off the garbage dump. The prototype was smooth. The prototype was rough and not smooth
I found the book to be as interesting as the most amazing magic trick in the world. I found the book to be very interesting. I found the book to be very boring
I found the book to be as interesting as a rote scientific lecture. I found the book to be very interesting. I found the book to be very boring
This food's as healthy as medicine. The food is very healthy. The food is very unhealthy
This food's as healthy as toxic waste. The food is very healthy. The food is very unhealthy
The mainstream news media has the credibility of A drunken convict. The mainstream news media cannot be believed. The mainstream news media is credible
The mainstream news media has the credibility of A model citizen. The mainstream news media cannot be believed. The mainstream news media is credible
The health of the patient was that of A wilting flower. The patient was not healthy. The patient was very healthy
The health of the patient was that of A strong horse in his prime. The patient was not healthy. The patient was very healthy
He was as playful as a puppy. He was very playful. He wasn't playful at all
He was as playful as a rock. He was very playful. He wasn't playful at all
Today's temperature was like a typical day on Mercury. Today was very hot. Today was extremely cool
Today's temperature was what would expect living in a refrigerator. Today was very hot. Today was extremely cool
The woman's hair was a mirror. The woman's hair was shiny. The woman's hair was dull
The woman's hair was a mud pie. The woman's hair was shiny. The woman's hair was dull
The diamond was a mirror. The diamond was shiny. The diamond was dull
The diamond was a mud pie. The diamond was shiny. The diamond was dull
The deer's antlers have the fuzziness of a moss covered oak tree. The deer has very fuzzy antlers. The deer's antlers aren't at all fuzzy
The deer's antlers have the fuzziness of a baby's behind. The deer has very fuzzy antlers. The deer's antlers aren't at all fuzzy
He was as fast as a cheetah. He was very fast. He was very slow
He was as fast as a turtle. He was very fast. He was very slow
She has the heart of a stone. She is very unfriendly. She is very kind
She has the heart of gold. She is very unfriendly. She is very kind
She smells as good as baking cookies. She smells great. She smells terrible
She smells as good as a sewer. She smells great. She smells terrible
The social media influencer had as much influence as a presidential figure. The social media influencer had wide influence. The social media influencer had no influence at all
The social media influencer had as much influence as a fly. The social media influencer had wide influence. The social media influencer had no influence at all
The girl carried weight on her like a Sumo wrestler. The girl had a ton of weight on her body. The girl was very thin
The girl carried weight on her like a ballerina. The girl had a ton of weight on her body. The girl was very thin
The orcas are the serial killers of the ocean. The orcas murder other fish. The orcas protect the ocean
The orcas are the babysitters of the ocean. The orcas murder other fish. The orcas protect the ocean
The world is an old garbage can. The world is awful. The world is wonderful
The world is an ice cream sundae. The world is awful. The world is wonderful
The theory has the validity of A tall tale from Paul Bunyan. The theory is not valid. The theory is very solid and valid
The theory has the validity of Einstein's best work. The theory is not valid. The theory is very solid and valid
The newspaper article read like a good novel. The newspaper article was interesting, well-written, and engaging to the reader. The newspaper article was amateurish, sloppily-written, and simplistic
The newspaper article read like the work of a middle school journalist. The newspaper article was interesting, well-written, and engaging to the reader. The newspaper article was amateurish, sloppily-written, and simplistic
Her attention span was as long as an infinity pool. She could pay attention for a long time. She could not pay attention
Her attention span was as long as an Oompa Loompa. She could pay attention for a long time. She could not pay attention
The politician has the personality of a nursing home. The politician is senile. The politician is immature
The politician has the personality of a kindergarten classroom. The politician is senile. The politician is immature
Your hair looks like a rag mop. Your hair is a mess and unappealing. Your hair is beautiful and lustrous
Your hair looks like silken threads. Your hair is a mess and unappealing. Your hair is beautiful and lustrous
Your perfume smells like Spoiled milk. The scent of the perfume is horrible. The scent of the perfume is fragrant
Your perfume smells like A flowery forest. The scent of the perfume is horrible. The scent of the perfume is fragrant
She has the imagination of an artist. She has a good imagination. She has no imagination
She has the imagination of a rock. She has a good imagination. She has no imagination
The woman was as mad as a raging bull. The woman was very mad. The woman was not mad
The woman was as mad as a kitten. The woman was very mad. The woman was not mad
Her eyes were like two sparkling emeralds. her eyes were bright green. her eyes were blue
Her eyes were like the waves of the ocean. her eyes were bright green. her eyes were blue
The cookies are tasty as pie. The cookies taste good. The cookies taste bad
The cookies are tasty as rotten milk. The cookies taste good. The cookies taste bad
The ice cream is as delicious as sawdust. The ice cream tastes terrible. The ice cream tastes wonderful
The ice cream is as delicious as Sunny Delight. The ice cream tastes terrible. The ice cream tastes wonderful
The child was as pretty as the dog poop on my shoe. The child was ugly. The child was beautiful
The child was as pretty as the flower that blooms once per year. The child was ugly. The child was beautiful
The girl's ego is as fragile as an egg yolk. The girl's feelings are easily hurt. The girl's ego is solid
The girl's ego is as fragile as a rock. The girl's feelings are easily hurt. The girl's ego is solid
He is a dice missing a side. His is unlucky. He is lucky
He is a full bag of dice. His is unlucky. He is lucky
Success in life is like a casino. Success in life is mostly based on luck. Success in life is mostly based on skill
Success in life is like poker. Success in life is mostly based on luck. Success in life is mostly based on skill
The chili is as hot as El Paso in summer. The chili is very hot. The chili is not hot at all
The chili is as hot as a snowball. The chili is very hot. The chili is not hot at all
Mr. Edward wife is a goddess. Mr. Edward wife is a very good, gentle and kind-hearted person. Mr. Edward wife is a crazy, stupid or an annoying person
Mr. Edward wife is a  mad cow. Mr. Edward wife is a very good, gentle and kind-hearted person. Mr. Edward wife is a crazy, stupid or an annoying person
Her personality is as interesting as a New York Times headline. She has an interesting personality. She has no personality
Her personality is as interesting as a grocery list. She has an interesting personality. She has no personality
The casino had the ambiance of A dirty junkyard. The casino had a bad atmosphere. The casino had a good atmosphere
The casino had the ambiance of A palace of gold. The casino had a bad atmosphere. The casino had a good atmosphere
She is as envious as a starving racoon. she is greedy. she is nice
She is as envious as a a nun. she is greedy. she is nice
The boss was as evil as the devil. the boss is mean. the boss is nice
The boss was as evil as an angel. the boss is mean. the boss is nice
Cleopatra had the beauty of the gods Venus and Hathor combined. Cleopatra was quite beautiful. Cleopatra was very ugly
Cleopatra had the beauty of the Ugly Duckling after being hit twice with the ugly stick. Cleopatra was quite beautiful. Cleopatra was very ugly
Love is as beautiful as a sunset. Love is beautiful. Love is ugly
Love is as beautiful as warthog. Love is beautiful. Love is ugly
The jacket was as trendy as Tik Tok. The jacket was trendy. The jacket was outdated
The jacket was as trendy as MySpace. The jacket was trendy. The jacket was outdated
Calculus is as rewarding as eating dog food. calculus is not pleasant. calculus is fascinating
Calculus is as rewarding as discovering a habitated planet. calculus is not pleasant. calculus is fascinating
Love is finding a needle in a hay stack. Finding love is hard but worth it. finding love is hard and painful
Love is a piece of hay in a stack of needles. Finding love is hard but worth it. finding love is hard and painful
he has the emotional capacity of a kitty pool. He is not emotionally-open. he is very open emotionally
he has the emotional capacity of a great lake. He is not emotionally-open. he is very open emotionally
That corporation has the integrity of a politician. The corporation doesn't have integrity. The corporation has a lot of integrity
That corporation has the integrity of a monk. The corporation doesn't have integrity. The corporation has a lot of integrity
He was as magical as a fresh winter snow. He was very intriguing. He was very boring
He was as magical as a dull stone. He was very intriguing. He was very boring
Falling in love is jumping off a building with no safety net. Falling in love is scary. Falling in love is safe
Falling in love is being wrapped up in warm blankets. Falling in love is scary. Falling in love is safe
Magic is riding a unicorn through a lush forest. Magic is wonderful. Magic is awful
Magic is stepping in dog poop. Magic is wonderful. Magic is awful
The girl was as thin as a feather. The girl was so thin she was wispy. The girl was very fat
The girl was as thin as a blown-up balloon. The girl was so thin she was wispy. The girl was very fat
His eyes were made of steel. His eyes were hard and obscured his personality. His eyes conveyed a fragile personality and shows his personality
His eyes were made of glass. His eyes were hard and obscured his personality. His eyes conveyed a fragile personality and shows his personality
This house is as big as Abraham Lincoln's log cabin. The house is small. The house is big
This house is as big as the Taj Mahal. The house is small. The house is big
It's as real as a reverse minotaur. It doesn't exist. It's very real
It's as real as the stars in the sky. It doesn't exist. It's very real
He can run like a winning racehorse. He can run really well. He cannot run really well
He can run like a dying nag. He can run really well. He cannot run really well
The teenager has the depth of a kiddie pool. The teenager is superficial. The teenager is profound
The teenager has the depth of the Grand Canyon. The teenager is superficial. The teenager is profound
The champagne has the effervescence of lukewarm coffee. The champagne is flat. The champagne is bubbly
The champagne has the effervescence of an antacid tablet. The champagne is flat. The champagne is bubbly
The villain was as powerful as a god. The villain was powerful. The villain was nearly powerless
The villain was as powerful as an insect. The villain was powerful. The villain was nearly powerless
The design was held by others to be as bullet proof as a fortress. The design is sound. The design is weak and ill-defined
The design was held by others to be like an argument between ghosts. The design is sound. The design is weak and ill-defined
The war lasted as long as Napoleon's height. The war was very short. The war was long
The war lasted as long as Shaquille O'Neal's height. The war was very short. The war was long
The argument has the strength of a derelict fortress. The argument is weak. The argument is strong
The argument has the strength of a weapon of war. The argument is weak. The argument is strong
The girl has enough friends to fill the depths of a shoebox. The girl has almost no friends. The girl is very popular
The girl has enough friends to fill the depths of the Atlantic Ocean. The girl has almost no friends. The girl is very popular
The performance was as exciting as a hurricane. The performance was good. The performance was bad
The performance was as exciting as a damp sidewalk. The performance was good. The performance was bad
John's brain is A computer. John is good at calculations. John processes things very slowly
John's brain is A snail. John is good at calculations. John processes things very slowly
This mechanicalturk task is a sound from a lighthouse. This mechanicalturk task is well-explained. This mechanicalturk task is vague
This mechanicalturk task is a pollution storm. This mechanicalturk task is well-explained. This mechanicalturk task is vague
Your mom could convince a cat to veganism. Your mom is a great cook. Your mom is an awful cook
Your mom could compete with weight watchers. Your mom is a great cook. Your mom is an awful cook
The farmer planted the crops with the care of A drunken sailor. The farmer was sloppy. The farmer was precise
The farmer planted the crops with the care of An experienced surgeon. The farmer was sloppy. The farmer was precise
The brain is a computer. The brain is intelligent, beautiful, complex, and profound. The brain is simple, basic, not capable of rational thought
The brain is jelly. The brain is intelligent, beautiful, complex, and profound. The brain is simple, basic, not capable of rational thought
The ocean waves forced their way unto the beach shore and reached out to me with an invitation to partake in their dance and mystery. The ocean waves are soothing and healing. The ocean waves are dangerous and can kill you
The ocean waves forced their way unto the beach shore and lashed at me with loud crashing sounds and intimidating rushes of foamy water. The ocean waves are soothing and healing. The ocean waves are dangerous and can kill you
The wind approached me and spoke to me through the rustling of the tree leaves and whispered in my ear through the whistling of the branches. The wind is gentle, assuring and relaxing. The wind is intense, threatening and destructive
The wind approached me and raised it's voice at me with sudden bursts of speed that stripped the leaves from the trees and yelled at me through the crackling and breaking for the branches. The wind is gentle, assuring and relaxing. The wind is intense, threatening and destructive
The sun opened it's doors in the morning and with it's long arms brightened my surroundings with slowly intensifying light showing the colors and the shapes of life while warming my skin and being. The sun's light reveals colors and shapes and is warm. The sun's light blinds our eyes and is hot and destructive
The sun opened it's doors in the morning and with it's long arms blinded me with it's intensity and burnt my sweaty skin. The sun's light reveals colors and shapes and is warm. The sun's light blinds our eyes and is hot and destructive
I have the musical ability of a chipmunk. My music sounds scratchy and random. My music is soothing and melodious
I have the musical ability of a songbird. My music sounds scratchy and random. My music is soothing and melodious
A computer can be one's Best friend. Computers can be a great asset. Computers can be a great detriment
A computer can be one's Bitter enemy. Computers can be a great asset. Computers can be a great detriment
The beach was as hot as a desert. The beach was very warm. The beach was very cold
The beach was as hot as a iceberg. The beach was very warm. The beach was very cold
The ship went down as fast as a rock. The ship went down fast. The ship went down very slowly
The ship went down as fast as a floating feather. The ship went down fast. The ship went down very slowly
She had the grace of a deer prancing into the forest. She is graceful. She is not graceful
She had the grace of a hippo on roller blades. She is graceful. She is not graceful
This bed is as soft as a sidewalk littered with broken glass. This bed is hard. This bed is soft
This bed is as soft as a Persian cat. This bed is hard. This bed is soft
These shoes feel like a pair of red-hot vise clamps. These shoes are very uncomfortable. These shoes are very comfortable
These shoes feel like a pair of magic carpets. These shoes are very uncomfortable. These shoes are very comfortable
This tree has the bark of a cheese grater. The tree has rough bark. The tree has smooth bark
This tree has the bark of a fireman's pole. The tree has rough bark. The tree has smooth bark
Her combination of colors was reminiscent of the aftermath of a train derailment. Her combination of colors was a disaster. Her combination of colors was divine
Her combination of color was reminiscent of the paintings of the great masters. Her combination of colors was a disaster. Her combination of colors was divine
The test was As easy as A-B-C. The test was easy. The test was difficult
The test was A beast. The test was easy. The test was difficult
That man has the intelligence of a evil genius. The man is a highly intelligent person. The man is basically a dumb animal
That man has the intelligence of a field mouse. The man is a highly intelligent person. The man is basically a dumb animal
Emails are as fast as a turtle. Emails are slow. Emails are fast
Emails are as fast as a rocket. Emails are slow. Emails are fast
The dinner was as tasty as a leather shoe. The dinner was very dry and tasteless. The dinner was award winning
The dinner was as tasty as a Michelin star. The dinner was very dry and tasteless. The dinner was award winning
The explanation was like clear water. The explanation was easy and simple to understand. The explanation made to sense
The explanation was like mud. The explanation was easy and simple to understand. The explanation made to sense
The girl was as down-to-earth as eggs and potatoes. The girl was not down-to-earth at all. The girl was very down-to-earth
The girl was as down-to-earth as a Michelin-starred canape. The girl was not down-to-earth at all. The girl was very down-to-earth
The girl's room was as messy as a housekeeper. The girl's room was a total mess. The girl's room was very clean
The girl's room was as messy as pig slops. The girl's room was a total mess. The girl's room was very clean
The view as as clear as day. The view was very clear. The view as obstructed and not clear
The view as as clear as mud. The view was very clear. The view as obstructed and not clear
World peace is a family dinner where no one fights. World peace is an unattainable ideal. World peace is a good, if unexpected, thing
World peace is a perfect snowflake that melts before it reaches you. World peace is an unattainable ideal. World peace is a good, if unexpected, thing
Her greeting had the warmth of a cozy wood burning fire. Her greeting was affectionate and genuine. Her greeting was indifferent and fake
Her greeting had the warmth of a snuffed out candle. Her greeting was affectionate and genuine. Her greeting was indifferent and fake
The test was like a litigation. The test was hard. The test was easy
The test was like a preschool lesson. The test was hard. The test was easy
The view was a sparkly diamond. The view was beautiful. The view was ugly
The view was an witch's wart. The view was beautiful. The view was ugly
He's as rich as MC Hammer in the '90s. He has a lot of money. He does not have a lot of money
He's as rich as MC Hammer in the '80s. He has a lot of money. He does not have a lot of money
The conversation has me sweating like a snowman in the summer. The conversation is intense. The conversation is boring
The conversation has me feeling like I just ate the whole Thanksgiving turkey. The conversation is intense. The conversation is boring
The football player's effort was a hurricane. The football player put forth a ton of effort. The football player put forth no effort
The football player's effort was a tortoise. The football player put forth a ton of effort. The football player put forth no effort
The cat was as healthy as a cancer patient. the cat was in good shape. the cat was in bad shape
The cat was as healthy as a newborn. the cat was in good shape. the cat was in bad shape
Her waist has the width of a blimp. Her waist is really skinny. Her waist is really wide
Her waist has the width of a toothpick. Her waist is really skinny. Her waist is really wide
The soccer player passed the ball to his teammate like the bullet train in Japan. The pass was surprising. The pass was very fast and direct
The soccer player passed the ball to his teammate like a magician pulling a rabbit out of a hat. The pass was surprising. The pass was very fast and direct
The girl's dress pattern was as uniform as a checkerboard. The girl's dress pattern was highly varied. The girl's dress pattern was highly uniform
The girl's dress pattern was as uniform as a potluck. The girl's dress pattern was highly varied. The girl's dress pattern was highly uniform
The illusion has the convincibility of a flat earth conspiracy. The illusion is quite convincing. The illusion is not convincing at all
The illusion has the convincibility of walking into a house and not seeing a ghost. The illusion is quite convincing. The illusion is not convincing at all
The dog has the snores of a mouse hiding from a house cat. The dog snores loudly. The dog hardly makes a sound
The dog has the snores of a beluga whale after eating two dozen Thanksgiving dinners. The dog snores loudly. The dog hardly makes a sound
He has the attitude of the Grinch at Halloween. He has a bad attitude. He's got a good attitude
He has the attitude of the Grinch at Christmas. He has a bad attitude. He's got a good attitude
The podcast had the speed of A clogged drain. It was slow. It was fast
The podcast had the speed of A bullet. It was slow. It was fast
The groom was feeling like a raindrop on a grave. The groom was happy. The groom was sad
The groom was feeling like a pig in mud. The groom was happy. The groom was sad
When the morning is tough sip your hot coffee and watch the news. do not let one bad thing ruin your whole day. look at the world others are having a much rougher day
When the morning is tough put a smile on your face and move on. do not let one bad thing ruin your whole day. look at the world others are having a much rougher day
The butler's posture was that of a tall cypress. The butler had poor posture. The butler had good posture
The butler's posture was that of a weeping willow. The butler had poor posture. The butler had good posture
The music was as loud as a bumblebee. The music was loud. The music was quiet and soft
The music was as loud as a firetruck. The music was loud. The music was quiet and soft
The city was as big as a island. The city was very big. The city was very small
The city was as big as a continent. The city was very big. The city was very small
The dog barked like a alarm. The dog barked loudly. The dog barked quietly
The dog barked like a cricket. The dog barked loudly. The dog barked quietly
The pills have the chalkiness of a sidewalk a dozen kids have drawn on. The pills are very chalky. The pills aren't at all chalky
The pills have the chalkiness of a warm cup of milk. The pills are very chalky. The pills aren't at all chalky
The jumper leaped as high as a turtle. The jumper jumped high. The jumper didn't jump high
The jumper leaped as high as a grasshopper. The jumper jumped high. The jumper didn't jump high
The movie was as scary as a monster. The movie was scary. The movie was not scary
The movie was as scary as a lamb. The movie was scary. The movie was not scary
The problem was small as a pea. The problem was small. The problem was big
The problem was small as an elephant. The problem was small. The problem was big
Love is a heaven sent journey. It's purely finance. it's god like
Love is an economic exchange. It's purely finance. it's god like
Life is a classroom. It is a learning experience. It is predisposed
Life is a God's will. It is a learning experience. It is predisposed
The girl has the gracefulness of a military platoon. The girl doesn't have any grace. The girl is very graceful
The girl has the gracefulness of butterfly. The girl doesn't have any grace. The girl is very graceful
The boy had the courage of a tiger. The boy is brave. The boy is not brave
The boy had the courage of a guinea pig. The boy is brave. The boy is not brave
Her eyes were warm soup on a winter day. Her eyes made him feel uncomfortable. Her eyes were comforting
Her eyes were cold rain down your collar. Her eyes made him feel uncomfortable. Her eyes were comforting
The gambling at the casino had all the excitement of Watching paint dry. The gambling at the casino was boring. The gambling was exciting and entertaining
The gambling at the casino had all the excitement of A fast-paced football game. The gambling at the casino was boring. The gambling was exciting and entertaining
That boy has the sense of a rock. The boy is stupid. The boy is a genius
That boy has the sense of Einstein. The boy is stupid. The boy is a genius
She wore the dress like a potato sack. Her dress was not flattering. Her dress was beautiful
She wore the dress as if it was made from spun gold. Her dress was not flattering. Her dress was beautiful
The girl treats her friends like Goodwill finds. The girl treasures her friends. The girl treats her friends poorly
The girl treats her friends like Prada. The girl treasures her friends. The girl treats her friends poorly
His temper was a tempest. He had a terrible temper. He didn't really have a temper
His temper was a marshmallow. He had a terrible temper. He didn't really have a temper
That job was an everyday knife in my eye. The job was terrible. The job was fun
That job was an everyday dance party. The job was terrible. The job was fun
The comedian's jokes were about as awful as a winning lotto ticket. the jokes were great. the jokes were bad
The comedian's jokes were about as awful as a blown tire. the jokes were great. the jokes were bad
The dress was as pretty as a dead roach. the dress was good looking. the dress was ugly
The dress was as pretty as a picture. the dress was good looking. the dress was ugly
His mother gave him the respect of a king. His mothe respected him. His mother disrespected him
His mother gave him the respect of a clown. His mothe respected him. His mother disrespected him
The bowl was as valuable as mud. The bowl was valuable. The bowl was worthless
The bowl was as valuable as silver. The bowl was valuable. The bowl was worthless
The mother's soup was a grand elixir. The mother's soup was Incredibly good. The mother's soup was very nasty
The mother's soup was tiger dung. The mother's soup was Incredibly good. The mother's soup was very nasty
The bowl is a durable baby turtle. The bowl is very durable. The bowl is fragile
The bowl is a durable old god. The bowl is very durable. The bowl is fragile
She had the anger of a wasp. She was an angry person. She was an evenhanded person
She had the anger of a nap. She was an angry person. She was an evenhanded person
The list was long like a pen tip. The list was long. The list was short
The list was long like a ribbon. The list was long. The list was short
The child has the heart of gold. The child is cold and un-loving. The child is very loving
The child has the heart of stone. The child is cold and un-loving. The child is very loving
The plot of the show is as clear as crystal. The plot of the show isn't clear at all. The plot of the show is very clear
The plot of the show is as clear as mud. The plot of the show isn't clear at all. The plot of the show is very clear
The building was as big as a molehill. The building was big. The building was small
The building was as big as a mountain. The building was big. The building was small
That storage closet has the space of a thousand Jupiters. There's a lot of room. There's barely any room at all
That storage closet has the space of a mousehole filled with rats. There's a lot of room. There's barely any room at all
The flea medication is a fully charged defibrillator. The flea medication is ineffective. The flea medication is efficacious
The flea medication is an unplugged coffee maker. The flea medication is ineffective. The flea medication is efficacious
Each link was the size of Kansas. Each link was huge. Each link was tiny
Each link was the size of an ant. Each link was huge. Each link was tiny
He writes like Shakespeare. He writes well. He writes badly
He writes like the village idiot. He writes well. He writes badly
The table had the age of a wooly mammoth. The table was old. The table was young
The table had the age of a toddler. The table was old. The table was young
Raising a teenager is getting a gift you didn't know you wanted. Raising a teenager is fraught with impossible risks. Raising a teenager is a pleasant surprise
Raising a teenager is playing craps against a table with rigged dice. Raising a teenager is fraught with impossible risks. Raising a teenager is a pleasant surprise
Raising a puppy is doing laps in a warm pool. Raising a puppy is really tough. Raising a puppy is pleasant and easy
Raising a puppy is a walk through quicksand. Raising a puppy is really tough. Raising a puppy is pleasant and easy
Owning a cat is an extended visit by your favorite aunt. Owning a cat is not pleasant. Owning a cat is quite sweet
Owning a cat is an extended visit by a grumpy uncle. Owning a cat is not pleasant. Owning a cat is quite sweet
My professor is a great story teller. My professor's lecture is so boring that it puts me to sleep. My professor's lecture is so interesting that makes me keep wanting to listen to her
My professor is a talented anesthesiologist. My professor's lecture is so boring that it puts me to sleep. My professor's lecture is so interesting that makes me keep wanting to listen to her
The hyperlink has the functionality of an igloo in the desert. The hyperlink functions perfectly. The hyperlink doesn't work
The hyperlink has the functionality of a brand new car. The hyperlink functions perfectly. The hyperlink doesn't work
The hospital mattress was a slab of stone. The hospital mattress was very hard. The hospital mattress was very soft
The hospital mattress was a pile of marshmallows. The hospital mattress was very hard. The hospital mattress was very soft
The classroom sounded like a dog pound. The classroom was noisy. The classroom was quiet
The classroom sounded like a garden conservatory. The classroom was noisy. The classroom was quiet
Her dress was the colors of antique book pages. Her dress was dully colored. Her dress was brightly colored
Her dress was the colors of a neon bar sign. Her dress was dully colored. Her dress was brightly colored
The sadness of her death was a planet. The sadness was large. The sadness was small
The sadness of her death was a flea. The sadness was large. The sadness was small
Comedy is a rainstorm. Comedy is good. Comedy is bad
Comedy is sunshine. Comedy is good. Comedy is bad
The disease has the seriousness of The common cold. The disease is not serious. The disease is very serious
The disease has the seriousness of A terminal illness. The disease is not serious. The disease is very serious
he is as energetic as a sleeping bunny. he is excited. he is tired
he is as energetic as a new battery. he is excited. he is tired
He is enthusiastic as a kid on the first day of school. he is excited. he is tired
He is enthusiastic as a sleeping rat. he is excited. he is tired
Her voice had the melody of a signing lark. Her voice was beautiful. Her voice was ugly
Her voice had the melody of a dying crow. Her voice was beautiful. Her voice was ugly
The girl's temperament is a balloon. The girl is easily provoked. The girl has a steady temperament
The girl's temperament is the ocean at low tide. The girl is easily provoked. The girl has a steady temperament
The sound of her violin is like a dumpster fire. The sound of her violin is terrible. The sound of her violin is smooth
The sound of her violin is like peaches and cream. The sound of her violin is terrible. The sound of her violin is smooth
The car was as fast as a cheetah. The car was fast. The car was slow
The car was as fast as a turtle. The car was fast. The car was slow
The roach was as frantic as a sleeping baby. it was going crazy. it was calm
The roach was as frantic as a doctor during a code blue. it was going crazy. it was calm
The girl lies as much as Jesus. The girl lies all the time. The girl never lies
The girl lies as much as a presidential candidate. The girl lies all the time. The girl never lies
The girl's personality is prosecco. The girl has a boring personality. The girl has a bubbly personality
The girl's personality is flat soda. The girl has a boring personality. The girl has a bubbly personality
The sculpture has the fragility of a cannon made of gladd. It's likely to break. It's practically unbreakable
The sculpture has the fragility of a diamond inside a bigger diamond. It's likely to break. It's practically unbreakable
The football player was a lumberer. The football player was clumsy. The football player was careful
The football player was a dancer. The football player was clumsy. The football player was careful
The NHL player was a surgeon. The NHL player was sloppy. The NHL player was careful
The NHL player was a woodpecker. The NHL player was sloppy. The NHL player was careful
Reading the comic was exciting as an adventure. Reading the comic was very exciting. Reading the comic was very boring
Reading the comic was exciting as homework. Reading the comic was very exciting. Reading the comic was very boring
He was as energized as a dead battery. He was very energized. He wasn't energized at all
He was as energized as a light bulb. He was very energized. He wasn't energized at all
The contract was as long as a grocery list. The contract was very lengthy. The contract was very short
The contract was as long as the Bible. The contract was very lengthy. The contract was very short
The musician plays like as good as A gerbil. He plays badly. He plays well
The musician plays like as good as An olympian. He plays badly. He plays well
The student was as ashamed as a stock broker in debt. he was proud. he was embarrassed
The student was as ashamed as a dog that found a bone. he was proud. he was embarrassed
So many responsibilities had Joe about as hungry as a whale. Joe was very hungry because of his responsibilities. Joe was not very hungry because he had so much to do
So many responsibilities had Joe about as hungry as a grasshopper. Joe was very hungry because of his responsibilities. Joe was not very hungry because he had so much to do
The family was as rich as a king. The family was very rich. The family was very poor
The family was as rich as a pile of dirt. The family was very rich. The family was very poor
The spa has the charm of a stink bug. The spa lacks amenities. The spa is enjoyable
The spa has the charm of Cary Grant. The spa lacks amenities. The spa is enjoyable
The football player has the agility of a mountain goat. The football player is a klutz. The football player is lithe
The football player has the agility of a solenodon. The football player is a klutz. The football player is lithe
The cake is as moist as the surface of Mercury. It's very moist. It's incredibly dry
The cake is as moist as a greenhouse in the Amazon. It's very moist. It's incredibly dry
Winning this video game is as easy as jumping from a plane and surviving without a parachute. Winning this game is so easy. Winning this game is close to impossible
Winning this video game is as easy as giving candy to a child. Winning this game is so easy. Winning this game is close to impossible
The government plan is as expensive as a hundred mansions. it is a lot. it is cheap
The government plan is as expensive as penny candy. it is a lot. it is cheap
To defeat the dark lord would be to topple a child's blocks. Defeating the dark lord would be very difficult. Defeating the dark lord would be very easy
To defeat the dark lord would be to topple a mountain. Defeating the dark lord would be very difficult. Defeating the dark lord would be very easy
He dove with all the grace of an anchor. He dove well. He dove poorly, and sank as he hit the water
He dove with all the grace of an Olympic swimmer. He dove well. He dove poorly, and sank as he hit the water
The Christmas tree is as bright as nightlight in the middle of the day. It's very bright. It's quite dim
The Christmas tree is as bright as a forest fire on a dark night. It's very bright. It's quite dim
The weightlifter has the strength of a dung beetle. The weightlifter is weak. The weightlifter is powerful
The weightlifter has the strength of an eyelash. The weightlifter is weak. The weightlifter is powerful
The math test was as straightforward as building a rocket ship. The math test was straightforward. The math test was complicated
The math test was as straightforward as assembling a PBJ sandwich. The math test was straightforward. The math test was complicated
The clothing has the smell of a crowded gym. The clothing smells pleasant. The clothing smells awful
The clothing has the smell of roses. The clothing smells pleasant. The clothing smells awful
The pot roast was as tender as a warm doughnut. The pot roast is very tender. The pot roast in not tender at all
The pot roast was as tender as a boulder encased in concrete. The pot roast is very tender. The pot roast in not tender at all
It was built like a castle. It was durable. It was flimsy
It was built like a paper fort. It was durable. It was flimsy
He has the belly of a bloated whale carcass. His belly is large. He has a tiny belly
He has the belly of an unblown balloon. His belly is large. He has a tiny belly
The doctor was as gentle as a boxer. he was nice. he was mean
The doctor was as gentle as a lamb. he was nice. he was mean
His mind was a Rubik's cube. His thinking is rigid and mathematical. His thinking is frenetic and open
His mind was a bouncy ball. His thinking is rigid and mathematical. His thinking is frenetic and open
He awoke from sleeping like a man drifting out to sea. He awoke suddenly. He awoke slowly
He awoke from sleeping like a man falling off a cliff. He awoke suddenly. He awoke slowly
Her eyes reflected a sparkle like that of a roach. Her eyes were bright and shiny. Her eyes were blank
Her eyes reflected a sparkle a multitude of stars. Her eyes were bright and shiny. Her eyes were blank
The man was as dangerous as a kitten. The man was deadly. The man was totally harmless
The man was as dangerous as a loaded gun. The man was deadly. The man was totally harmless
The new linebacker is as solid as a brick wall. The linebacker is tough and can hold his ground. The linebacker is weak and people can run right through him
The new linebacker is as solid as water. The linebacker is tough and can hold his ground. The linebacker is weak and people can run right through him
This man is as brave as a firefighter. the man is timid. the man is courageous
This man is as brave as a house kitten. the man is timid. the man is courageous
That light is as bright as midnight. the light is shiny. the light is dim
That light is as bright as the sun. the light is shiny. the light is dim
The marriage was a shiny ring. The marriage was getting old. The marriage was new
The marriage was a stale piece of bread. The marriage was getting old. The marriage was new
The bath was as hot as the ocean. The bath was very hot. The bath was not hot
The bath was as hot as an oven. The bath was very hot. The bath was not hot
The play went over like a car crash. The play was good and successful. The play was terrible
The play went over like a charm. The play was good and successful. The play was terrible
The cougar had the dangerousness of a goldfish in a kiddie pool. The cougar is quite dangerous. The cougar isn't too dangerous
The cougar had the dangerousness of a fire in a fireworks factory. The cougar is quite dangerous. The cougar isn't too dangerous
The cat had the meow of a sickly dog. The cat had a strong meow. The cat's meow was weak
The cat had the meow of a fully grown bobcat. The cat had a strong meow. The cat's meow was weak
He had all the style of a runway model. He is very stylish and hip. He's very OUT of style
He had all the style of a secondhand leisure suit. He is very stylish and hip. He's very OUT of style
The poem was as romantic as divorce papers. The poem was very sweet and romantic. The poem wasn't romantic at all
The poem was as romantic as a love-letter. The poem was very sweet and romantic. The poem wasn't romantic at all
His style is so rotary phone. His style is so hot right now. His style is so old-fashioned
His style is so solar flare. His style is so hot right now. His style is so old-fashioned
This football game is like a blue starfish. This football game is full of action. This football game is moving slowly
This football game is like a Rambo movie. This football game is full of action. This football game is moving slowly
The boy's style is as current as a boomer's myspace home page. His style is out of date. His style is up to date
The boy's style is as fresh as the morning's first cup of coffee. His style is out of date. His style is up to date
He feels the love of a policeman to a fresh donut. He feels a lot of love. He feels little love
He feels the love of the devil to everything good. He feels a lot of love. He feels little love
The rat has the speed of a laxative traveling through a stomach. The rat is very fast. The rat is very slow
The rat has the speed of an upside down giraffe. The rat is very fast. The rat is very slow
The flowers have the scent of a botanical garden in full bloom. The flowers have a good scent. The flowers have an awful scent
The flowers have the scent of a garbage fire on a hot summer night. The flowers have a good scent. The flowers have an awful scent
Love is rain on your beach vacation. Love is awesome. Love is terrible
Love is snow on a Christmas morning. Love is awesome. Love is terrible
Her morals were hard candy. Her morals were flexible. Her morals were inflexible
Her morals were soggy cereal. Her morals were flexible. Her morals were inflexible
This party has the electricity of a burned out light bulb. The party is popping. The party is boring
This party has the electricity of a field of solar panels. The party is popping. The party is boring
He entered the room with all the subtlety of an elephant. He entered quietly. He entered loudly
He entered the room with all the subtlety of a mouse. He entered quietly. He entered loudly
In the sunlight, her hair was aflame. Her hair was red. Her hair was blonde
In the sunlight, her hair was woven gold. Her hair was red. Her hair was blonde
The cop got the suspect to confess after applying the pressure of an avalanche. The cop used a lot of pressure. The cop used little pressure
The cop got the suspect to confess after applying the pressure of a feather. The cop used a lot of pressure. The cop used little pressure
The singer had the tone of a singing bluebird. The singer sounded good. The singer sounded bad
The singer had the tone of a squawking crow. The singer sounded good. The singer sounded bad
As poor as a homeless person. You have no money. You are rich
As poor as a Kardashian. You have no money. You are rich
The cat's tail moved with the rhythm of a jet propellor. The cat's tail was fast. The cat's tail was slow
The cat's tail moved with the rhythm of wheat swaying in the breeze. The cat's tail was fast. The cat's tail was slow
The sisters were ribbons and bows. The sisters got along together. The sisters did not mix well with each other
The sisters were oil and water. The sisters got along together. The sisters did not mix well with each other
His love was as straight as a nun's ruler. His love was spread to many. His love was straight and true
His love was a many forked road. His love was spread to many. His love was straight and true
My life is a circus and I am the freak show. I am a freak. I control my life
My life is a circus and I am the ringleader. I am a freak. I control my life
The girl craves as much attention as the red carpet. The girl wants all the attention. The girl doesn't want any attention
The girl craves as much attention as a doe. The girl wants all the attention. The girl doesn't want any attention
The doctor has the warmth of an icicle. The doctor is cold and unfeeling. The doctor is comforting
The doctor has the warmth of a cozy blanket. The doctor is cold and unfeeling. The doctor is comforting
Her devotion to her family was as strong as a kitten. She is strongly devoted to her family. She is only weakly devoted to her family
Her devotion to her family was as strong as an ox. She is strongly devoted to her family. She is only weakly devoted to her family
His skill in writing was as sharp as a knife. Her writing skill is excellent. Her writing skill is poor
His skill in writing was as sharp as a spoon. Her writing skill is excellent. Her writing skill is poor
He had the passion of the sun. He was very passionate. He was not passionate
He had the passion of a nap. He was very passionate. He was not passionate
The chemicals had the stability of melted ice cream. The chemicals were stable. The chemicals were highly unstable
The chemicals had the stability of steel. The chemicals were stable. The chemicals were highly unstable
The victory was like passing calculus class. The victory was too easy. The victory was very hard-fought
The victory was like getting wet in a thunderstorm. The victory was too easy. The victory was very hard-fought
The gun was as powerful as a butterfly. The gun was powerful. The gun was weak
The gun was as powerful as a titan. The gun was powerful. The gun was weak
The boy was as innocent as a dove. the boy was pure. the boy was evil
The boy was as innocent as a rabid wold. the boy was pure. the boy was evil
the pants were as torn as a drunk's liver. the pants were messed up. the pants were well put togther
the pants were as torn as a sturdy ship. the pants were messed up. the pants were well put togther
He is as tall as a dwarf. He is tall. He is short
He is as tall as a tree. He is tall. He is short
That surface is as smooth as silk. That surface is smooth. That surface is rough
That surface is as smooth as sandpaper. That surface is smooth. That surface is rough
That tree is a tall as Push pin. It is short. It is tall
That tree is a tall as A skyscraper. It is short. It is tall
The tactic is as complex as Calculus. The tactic is simple, easy to figure out. The tactic is complex and involves many steps
The tactic is as obvious as a kindergarten math problem. The tactic is simple, easy to figure out. The tactic is complex and involves many steps
The job is as easy as tying your shoes. The job is quite easy and almost everyone can do it. The job is difficult
The job is as easy as learning nuclear fission. The job is quite easy and almost everyone can do it. The job is difficult
The win was as satisfying as a bowl of chicken soup. The win was perfectly satisfying. The win wasn't satisfying at all
The win was as satisfying as a rice cracker. The win was perfectly satisfying. The win wasn't satisfying at all
The blimp was as light as air. The blimp was very light. The blimp was heavy
The blimp was as light as stone. The blimp was very light. The blimp was heavy
The picture was as clear as day. The picture was clear. The picture was hard to see
The picture was as clear as muddy water. The picture was clear. The picture was hard to see
The book read like a good song. The book was easy to read. The book was hard to read
The book read like a secret note. The book was easy to read. The book was hard to read
He is as adorable as a puppy. he's cute. he's ugly
He is as adorable as a sewer rat. he's cute. he's ugly
he is as adventurous as a pioneer. he is exciting. he is boring
he is as adventurous as a sofa bed. he is exciting. he is boring
This dog is as aggressive as a heavyweight fighter. it is mean. it is harmless
This dog is as aggressive as a cotton ball. it is mean. it is harmless
He had the dedication of a underpaid temp. He was dedicated. He was undedicated
He had the dedication of a soldier. He was dedicated. He was undedicated
He has the courage of a lion. He is very courageous and brave. He is scared
He has the courage of a baby. He is very courageous and brave. He is scared
The dancer landed her jump with the grace of a cat. The dancer landed her jump gracefully. The dancer landed her jump with a thud
The dancer landed her jump with the grace of a seal. The dancer landed her jump gracefully. The dancer landed her jump with a thud
The teacher's grading policy was as flexible as a steel beam. The teacher's grading policy was very flexible. The teacher's grading policy was very rigid
The teacher's grading policy was as flexible as an Olympic gymnast. The teacher's grading policy was very flexible. The teacher's grading policy was very rigid
Dinner smelled like heaven. Dinner smelled good. Dinner smelled bad
Dinner smelled like garbage. Dinner smelled good. Dinner smelled bad
The bottle was as rare as dirt. The bottle was rare. The bottle was common
The bottle was as rare as a gem. The bottle was rare. The bottle was common
The toddler's cries were as loud as a fire alarm. The toddler's cries were loud. The toddler's cries were quiet
The toddler's cries were as loud as a library. The toddler's cries were loud. The toddler's cries were quiet
The man has the addiction of a desert tortoise allergic to the ocean. The man's addiction is severe. The man's addiction isn't very bad
The man has the addiction of an alcoholic who's just discovered beer comes in not just cans but easily concealed bottles. The man's addiction is severe. The man's addiction isn't very bad
The camel had the humps of a young girl's chest. The camel has big, mighty humps. The camel is flat and lacks humps
The camel had the humps of Fergie as she depicts herself in the song "My Humps". The camel has big, mighty humps. The camel is flat and lacks humps
He was as sturdy as a brick house. He's resiliant, very sturdy. He's not sturdy, in fact he's easily knocked down
He was as sturdy as a house of cards. He's resiliant, very sturdy. He's not sturdy, in fact he's easily knocked down
Her hair had the volume of a brass band. Her hair had a lot of volume. Her hair lacked volume
Her hair had the volume of a limp rag. Her hair had a lot of volume. Her hair lacked volume
The room is as clean as a dumpster. the room is spotless. the room is filthy
The room is as clean as a hospital. the room is spotless. the room is filthy
The water is as clear as coke. the water is clean. the water is dirty
The water is as clear as glass. the water is clean. the water is dirty
The math test was as simple as cooking a twelve-course Thanksgiving meal. The math test was a cinch. The math test was very difficult
The math test was as simple as boiling pasta. The math test was a cinch. The math test was very difficult
The knife was as sharp as A door knob. The knife is dull. The knife is sharp
The knife was as sharp as A barber's razor. The knife is dull. The knife is sharp
The bottle was thin like a brick wall. The bottle was thin. The bottle wasn't thin
The bottle was thin like a sheet. The bottle was thin. The bottle wasn't thin
He has the morality of the snake in the Garden of Eden. He is very moral. He lacks morality
He has the morality of the main character in a superhero film. He is very moral. He lacks morality
His fear was that of a sailor facing down an angry ocean god. He had a lot of fear. He has no fear
His fear was that of a farm pig facing down a bowl of slop. He had a lot of fear. He has no fear
My coffee is as hot as the center of the earth. The coffee is hot. The coffee is not hot
My coffee is as hot as a warm bath. The coffee is hot. The coffee is not hot
The song has the melody of angels singing. The song has a beautiful melody. The song has a very unpleasant melody and sound
The song has the melody of nails on a chalkboard. The song has a beautiful melody. The song has a very unpleasant melody and sound
The dog has nerves of steel. The dog is fearless and unbothered. The dog is easily upset and scared
The dog has nerves of glass. The dog is fearless and unbothered. The dog is easily upset and scared
The boss was as angry as a charging rhinoceros. The boss was vrey upset. The boss was even-tempered
The boss was as angry as a butterfly. The boss was vrey upset. The boss was even-tempered
The church has all the visitors of a McDonalds on a Monday morning. The church has many visitors. Theres no one at the church
The church has all the visitors of a graveyard on the day after Halloween. The church has many visitors. Theres no one at the church
The canyon has the depth of a sandbox. Its quite deep. Its shallow
The canyon has the depth of a mass grave. Its quite deep. Its shallow
She sings like a garbage disposal. She sings well. She can't sing
She sings like a bird. She sings well. She can't sing
I'm as lively as an old man in the morning. I'm excited. I'm tired
I'm as lively as a three year old before bedtime. I'm excited. I'm tired
That rose has the redness of a Paula Red apple. It is very red. It's not at all red
That rose has the redness of a Granny Smith apple. It is very red. It's not at all red
The man was as handsome as a model. The man was very handsome. The man was ugly
The man was as handsome as a toad. The man was very handsome. The man was ugly
The gem was as bright as coal. The gem was bright and shiny. The gem was dark and dull
The gem was as bright as the sun. The gem was bright and shiny. The gem was dark and dull
The CEO had the integrity of a minister. The CEO is dishonest. The CEO is honest
The CEO had the integrity of a politician. The CEO is dishonest. The CEO is honest
The photography has the attractiveness of a concrete block. The photography is unattractive. The photography is very attractive
The photography has the attractiveness of a golden age Hollywood star. The photography is unattractive. The photography is very attractive
This actor has the dynamism of a parquet floor. This actor is not dynamic. This actor is extremely dynamic
This actor has the dynamism of an electrical substation. This actor is not dynamic. This actor is extremely dynamic
The golfer has the accuracy of a rusty compass. The golfer is inaccurate. The golfer is highly accurate
The golfer has the accuracy of a surgeon's blade. The golfer is inaccurate. The golfer is highly accurate
The floor has the sheen of a show dog's coat. The floor is dull, not shiny at all. The floor is luxuriously shiny
The floor has the sheen of an old man's cracked heels. The floor is dull, not shiny at all. The floor is luxuriously shiny
Her boyfriend treats her like a CEO. Her boyfriend doesn't treat her well. Her boyfriend treats her very well
Her boyfriend treats her like a wad of chewed gum. Her boyfriend doesn't treat her well. Her boyfriend treats her very well
For the nation, their army was a a sword. The army protected the country. The army harmed other countries
For the nation, their army was a a shield. The army protected the country. The army harmed other countries
She has the artistry of a newborn. She has impressive artistic skills. She has no artistic skills
She has the artistry of Picasso. She has impressive artistic skills. She has no artistic skills
The line move as fast as a sloth in a lazy river. The line moves quickly. The line moves slowly
The line move as fast as a scared cat. The line moves quickly. The line moves slowly
She is like a fox. She is sneaky. She is honest
She is like a newborn baby. She is sneaky. She is honest
He has the money of Scrooge McDuck married to Mr. Burns. He has a lot of money. He has almost no money
He has the money of Mr. Magoo after mistaking a post-it notepad for his wallet. He has a lot of money. He has almost no money
The cat was as angry as a sleeping puppy. the cat was mad. The cat was docile
The cat was as angry as an anthill. the cat was mad. The cat was docile
I'm as annoyed as a teacher who caught a spitball. I am irritated. I am calm
I'm as annoyed as a secretary on vacation. I am irritated. I am calm
The choir boy's vocals sounded like honey. The choir boy had good vocals. The choir boy had poor vocals
The choir boy's vocals sounded like a jackal. The choir boy had good vocals. The choir boy had poor vocals
The student was a goldfish. The student was unintelligent. The student was sly
The student was a fox. The student was unintelligent. The student was sly
That dog has the mass of a squashed ladybug. The dog is big. The dog is tiny
That dog has the mass of a supermassive black hole. The dog is big. The dog is tiny
The TV eats the electricity of an entire city block. It uses a lot of power. It draws very little power
The TV eats the electricity of an old wristwatch. It uses a lot of power. It draws very little power
This structure is as permanent as sand. The structure will last. The structure will not last long
This structure is as permanent as stone. The structure will last. The structure will not last long
The fireworks were as loud as whispers. The fireworks were loud. The fireworks were quiet
The fireworks were as loud as gunshots. The fireworks were loud. The fireworks were quiet
He acted with the skill of a surgeon. He was skillful. He was unskilled
He acted with the skill of a quack. He was skillful. He was unskilled
His drive home was a party. His drive home was nice. His drive home was not nice
His drive home was a beatdown. His drive home was nice. His drive home was not nice
The well water has the pristineness of a snowflake. The well water is foul. The well water is pure and drinkable
The well water has the pristineness of a toilet bowl. The well water is foul. The well water is pure and drinkable
The soup was as spicy as milk. The soup was fiery in flavor. The soup wasn't spicy at all
The soup was as spicy as cinnamon hots. The soup was fiery in flavor. The soup wasn't spicy at all
JON IS A HAS A MIND LIKE A SIEVE. JON IS A FOOLISH PERSON. JON IS A KNOWLEDGEABLE PERSON
JON IS A WALKING ENCYCLOPAEDIA. JON IS A FOOLISH PERSON. JON IS A KNOWLEDGEABLE PERSON
To her, facts are like flagstones. To her, facts are confusing and hard to navigate in. To her, facts are easily see and used to guide
To her, facts are like fog. To her, facts are confusing and hard to navigate in. To her, facts are easily see and used to guide
The facts were as clear as a murky pond. The facts were obvious. The facts were obscure
The facts were as clear as crystal. The facts were obvious. The facts were obscure
The conductor is a sculptor. The conductor is careful. The conductor is sloppy
The conductor is a demolition derby. The conductor is careful. The conductor is sloppy
The movie has as much mystery as a piece of glass. The movie isn't mysterious at all. The movie has a lot of mystery to it
The movie has as much mystery as Cleopatra's tomb. The movie isn't mysterious at all. The movie has a lot of mystery to it
The film was as impressive as a first grader's handwriting. The film was very impressive. The film wasn't impressive at all
The film was as impressive as the Great Pyramids. The film was very impressive. The film wasn't impressive at all
The storm was loud as a bomb. The storm was loud. The storm was quiet
The storm was loud as a whisper. The storm was loud. The storm was quiet
Her skin is a colander. Her skin is pockmarked. Her skin is smooth
Her skin is milk. Her skin is pockmarked. Her skin is smooth
Most Americans are as conscious as A race sprinter. Most Americans are as awake as an adrenaline filled runner. Most Americans are as asleep as old people who are tired frequently
Most Americans are as conscious as An old man napping on his porch. Most Americans are as awake as an adrenaline filled runner. Most Americans are as asleep as old people who are tired frequently
Her skin was a cherry orchard. Her skin was red and splotchy. Her skin was pale and clean
Her skin was a a carribean beach. Her skin was red and splotchy. Her skin was pale and clean
He has the unconsciousness of an unborn, sleeping baby. He's completely unconscious. He's extremely conscious
He has the unconsciousness of an owl in the middle of the night after five cups of coffee. He's completely unconscious. He's extremely conscious
The woman was the size of the branches of a whispering willow. The woman was fat. The woman was thin
The woman was the size of a dump truck. The woman was fat. The woman was thin
Their love is as deep as a thimble. They are madly in love. They're not in love
Their love is as deep as deep as the center of the earth. They are madly in love. They're not in love
The painter has the touch of a feather. The painter is forceful. The painter is gentle
The painter has the touch of a sledgehammer. The painter is forceful. The painter is gentle
The painting is like a finding $100 on the street. The painting is tacky and commercial. The painting is surprisingly good
The painting is like a Kinkade gallery at the mall. The painting is tacky and commercial. The painting is surprisingly good
The person was cold as As fish swimming under frozen ice. The person is very cold. The person is cold, but used to it and thriving
The person was cold as A sub zero freezer. The person is very cold. The person is cold, but used to it and thriving
The painting is as logical as a philosopher. Anything goes; it is haphazard. It is well thought out and systematic
The painting is as random as a roll of dice. Anything goes; it is haphazard. It is well thought out and systematic
She had all the honesty of a sinner at confession. She wasn't very honest. She was very honest
She had all the honesty of a corporate lawyer. She wasn't very honest. She was very honest
The girl had the speed of a fast-food line worker. The girl is fast. The girl is slow
The girl had the speed of a car in traffic. The girl is fast. The girl is slow
The child has the energy of a cheetah. The child lacks energy. The child is energetic
The child has the energy of a sloth. The child lacks energy. The child is energetic
His argument is cardboard. His argument is weak. His argument is strong
His argument is teflon. His argument is weak. His argument is strong
Matt's girlfriend is the DMV. Matt's girlfriend is fast. Matt's girlfriend is slow
Matt's girlfriend is Quiktrip. Matt's girlfriend is fast. Matt's girlfriend is slow
After a workout he had as much energy as Xcel power company. He had a lot of energy. He had very little energy
After a workout he had as much energy as A wind up toy car. He had a lot of energy. He had very little energy
His movements were liquid. His movements were graceful and flowed. His movements were not graceful
His movements were sludge. His movements were graceful and flowed. His movements were not graceful
This beach has the serenity of an eighty-year monk. The beach was very serene. The beach was not very serene
This beach has the serenity of a screaming child. The beach was very serene. The beach was not very serene
He was a d20 that always rolled a "1.". He was unlucky. He was lucky
He was a d20 that always rolled a "nat 20.". He was unlucky. He was lucky
The woman's back is a ruler. The woman's back is wavy. The woman's back is straight
The woman's back is a snake. The woman's back is wavy. The woman's back is straight
The dirt road is a snake. The dirt road is curvy. The dirt road is straight
The dirt road is measuring tape. The dirt road is curvy. The dirt road is straight
The man's toe is a snake. The man's toe is bent. The man's toe is straight
The man's toe is a ruler. The man's toe is bent. The man's toe is straight
My mind is a beeping phone. My mind is empty. My mind is full of thoughts
My mind is a blank slate. My mind is empty. My mind is full of thoughts
She is like a snuggly bear. She is comforting. She is unapproachable
She is like a roaring tiger. She is comforting. She is unapproachable
The wind was like a blast from a rocket. the wind was very strong. The wind was very soft
The wind was like a baby's whisper. the wind was very strong. The wind was very soft
He has all the rationality of Lex Luthor from Superman comics. He lacks rationality. He's quite rational
He has all the rationality of the Joker from Batman comics. He lacks rationality. He's quite rational
The art has the depth of the bottom of the sea. The art is superficial. The art is profound
The art has the depth of a puddle. The art is superficial. The art is profound
His book was as hard to navigate as an Ikea. The book was hard to finish. The book was easy to finish
His book was as hard to navigate as a trip to the corner store. The book was hard to finish. The book was easy to finish
The car's engine runs as smooth as glass. The car's engine runs rough. The car's engine runs smooth
The car's engine runs as smooth as a pig on stilts. The car's engine runs rough. The car's engine runs smooth
The wind cooed like a lover. The wind was light. The wind was heavy
The wind screamed like a banshee. The wind was light. The wind was heavy
The girl is as shallow as a kiddie pool. The girl is really shallow. The girl has a lot of layers to her
The girl is as shallow as the Pacific Ocean. The girl is really shallow. The girl has a lot of layers to her
The man was as handsome as a janitor in scrubs. The man looked sharp. The man was plain-looking
The man was as handsome as a physician in a white coat. The man looked sharp. The man was plain-looking
He's as ready as a steam engine. He's fully ready. He's not ready at all
He's as ready as a a rusted wagon. He's fully ready. He's not ready at all
The pool's as shallow as a puddle. The pool is shallow. The pool is very very deep
The pool's as shallow as a black hole. The pool is shallow. The pool is very very deep
He has the physique of a jellyfish. He's muscular and strong. He's flimsy and weak
He has the physique of a god. He's muscular and strong. He's flimsy and weak
She is as fast as a snail. She is slow. She is speedy
She is as fast as a cheetah. She is slow. She is speedy
His conversation sounds like a broken record. He is repetitive. He is original
His conversation sounds like a profound speaker. He is repetitive. He is original
The cat food has the aroma of Coq Au Vin. The cat food smells awful. The cat food smells delicious
The cat food has the aroma of foot fungus. The cat food smells awful. The cat food smells delicious
She kept her room as clean as a polished shoe. Her room was very messy. Her room was very clean
She kept her room as clean as a middle school cafeteria during lunchtime. Her room was very messy. Her room was very clean
He hustles like he's a billionaire's son. He hustles hardcore. He doesn't hustle at all
He hustles like rent was due three days ago. He hustles hardcore. He doesn't hustle at all
The employee was as busy as a tenured government worker. The employee was frazzled with work. The employee had nothing to do
The employee was as busy as a CPA during tax season. The employee was frazzled with work. The employee had nothing to do
We're headed to the Shire. We're headed to danger. We're headed to safety
We're headed to Mordor. We're headed to danger. We're headed to safety
This horse has the look of a turd. The horse is attractive. The horse is unattractive
This horse has the look of a star. The horse is attractive. The horse is unattractive
This meat looks like it was prepared by a god. The food looks terrible. The food looks amazing
This meat looks like it was prepared by a dog. The food looks terrible. The food looks amazing
The man swinging the hammer has the strength of A three-year-old child. The man is weak. The man is strong
The man swinging the hammer has the strength of A mighty Abrams tank. The man is weak. The man is strong
The painter has the depth of the grand canyon. The painter is deeply talented. The painter is untalented
The painter has the depth of a pot hole. The painter is deeply talented. The painter is untalented
Her love was as valuable as The feseral reserve. He cherished her love. She was not worth much to him
Her love was as valuable as Dime store candy. He cherished her love. She was not worth much to him
Her hair was as strong as Her wedding ring. Her hair was strong as metal. Her hair was brittle
Her hair was as strong as A twine rope. Her hair was strong as metal. Her hair was brittle
The auditorium was as packed as a classroom in July. The auditorium had no people in it. The auditorium had tons of people in it
The auditorium was as packed as a football stadium. The auditorium had no people in it. The auditorium had tons of people in it
His foot is as big as an ant. He has really big feet. He has small feet
His foot is as big as a mountain. He has really big feet. He has small feet
His abs were a wall. His abs were soft. His abs were hard
His abs were marshmallows. His abs were soft. His abs were hard
His bathroom was as clean as a landfill near a nuclear waste site. His bathroom was filthy. His bathroom was spotless
His bathroom was as clean as a freshly autoclaved surgical instrument. His bathroom was filthy. His bathroom was spotless
The accountant was an Einstein. The accountant was intelligent. The accountant was stupid
The accountant was a pile of rocks. The accountant was intelligent. The accountant was stupid
My brain is as clear as a foggy London morning. I can think clearly. I can't think clearly
My brain is as clear as a bright desert morning. I can think clearly. I can't think clearly
He has all the anger of cotton candy. He has a lot of anger. He does not have a lot of anger
He has all the anger of a volcanic eruption. He has a lot of anger. He does not have a lot of anger
The worker has the discipline of a kid who wakes up at 3 a.m. on Christmas morning. The worker had great discipline. The worker has little discipline
The worker has the discipline of a wise chess master. The worker had great discipline. The worker has little discipline
My colleague's project looked like the work of a third-grader. My colleague's project is very rudimentary. My colleague's project is very sophisticated
My colleague's project looked like the work of Einstein. My colleague's project is very rudimentary. My colleague's project is very sophisticated
He worked with the speed of a tired snail. He worked quickly. He worked slowly
He worked with the speed of a cheetah chasing down its prey. He worked quickly. He worked slowly
The sky is as clear as ink. The sky is dark and cloudy. The sky is bright and clear
The sky is as clear as glass. The sky is dark and cloudy. The sky is bright and clear
The concert was like a thousand needles in my eyes. The concert was very unpleasant. The concert was quite pleasant
The concert was like a massage from a beautiful woman. The concert was very unpleasant. The concert was quite pleasant
The man was had the strength of a lion. The man was very strong. The man was very weak
The man was had the strength of a sparrow. The man was very strong. The man was very weak
The play was as good as a Shakespearean tragedy. The play had a depth of meaning, was both poetic and entertaining, and had the quality of something that would last. The play was simplistic and lacked a serious artistic quality
The play was as good as a elementary class' Thanksgiving play. The play had a depth of meaning, was both poetic and entertaining, and had the quality of something that would last. The play was simplistic and lacked a serious artistic quality
The album was as successful as a Bob Dylan song. The album was very popular and achieved great success. The album was not popular and achieved very little success
The album was as successful as a failed American Idol audition. The album was very popular and achieved great success. The album was not popular and achieved very little success
The racetrack was as slippery as a ice hockey rink. The track was very slippery. The track was not slippery
The racetrack was as slippery as carpet. The track was very slippery. The track was not slippery
The wedding had as much pizzazz as a red carpet rollout. The wedding was very splashy. The wedding was very ordinary
The wedding had as much pizzazz as a child's birthday party at home. The wedding was very splashy. The wedding was very ordinary
The event was as fancy as the Queen's wedding. The event was very fancy. The event was very down to earth
The event was as fancy as a backyard barbeque. The event was very fancy. The event was very down to earth
He floats like a fish. He floats very well. He doesn't float at all
He floats like a stone. He floats very well. He doesn't float at all
She and dogs go together like peanut butter and chocolate. They go together really well. They don't go together at all
She and dogs go together like peanut butter and salmon. They go together really well. They don't go together at all
His life had the richness of an adventurous archeologist uncovering ancient treasures. His life was rich and fulfilling. His life was dull
His life had the richness of a starfish living under a rock. His life was rich and fulfilling. His life was dull
The sweater had the stripes of a horse wearing a polka dot shirt. The sweater had many stripes. The sweater was lacking in stripes
The sweater had the stripes of a zebra in prison. The sweater had many stripes. The sweater was lacking in stripes
They're as smart as a whip. they are smart. they aren't very intelligent
They're as smart as a box of rocks. they are smart. they aren't very intelligent
He was as sharp as a cat's claw. He was not very smart. He was very smart
He was as sharp as a butter knife. He was not very smart. He was very smart
Her voice is music to my ears. Her voice is terrible. Her voice is lovely
Her voice is a cat scratching a chalkboard. Her voice is terrible. Her voice is lovely
Time moves like molasses. Time moves quickly. Time moves slowly
Time moves like lightning. Time moves quickly. Time moves slowly
He punched like a pillow. He punched hard. He punched softly
He punched like a truck. He punched hard. He punched softly
She's as attractive as the backside of a wildebeest. She is ugly. She is beautiful
She's as attractive as bacon, steak, beer and football after sleeping in on a Sunday. She is ugly. She is beautiful
Her house was clean like it had been cleaned by five blind mice. The house was meticulously clean. The house wasn't clean at all
Her house was clean like it had been cleaned by the servants of a violent king. The house was meticulously clean. The house wasn't clean at all
The girl's career took off as quickly as a starfish. The girl's career skyrocketed. The girl's career stagnated
The girl's career took off as quickly as a wildebeest. The girl's career skyrocketed. The girl's career stagnated
The girl commanded as much respect as a dunce. The girl didn't command respect. The girl was very well-respected
The girl commanded as much respect as a college professor. The girl didn't command respect. The girl was very well-respected
The table is a bed of rocks. The table is bumpy. The table is smooth
The table is a piece of glass. The table is bumpy. The table is smooth
The highway is a snake. The highway is winding. The highway is straight
The highway is a ruler. The highway is winding. The highway is straight
The car is a lumberjack. The car is elegant. The car is clunky
The car is a dancer. The car is elegant. The car is clunky
I like this project as much as I like my game. The project is unlikeable. The project is likeable
I like this project as much as I like my enemy. The project is unlikeable. The project is likeable
He felt right as rain. He was feeling right. He was feeling wrong
He felt right as acid rain. He was feeling right. He was feeling wrong
The hamburger has the weight of a feather. The hamburger is heavy. The hamburger is light
The hamburger has the weight of a planet. The hamburger is heavy. The hamburger is light
The movie has the humor of a circus. The movie is sad. The movie is funny
The movie has the humor of a funeral. The movie is sad. The movie is funny
The memoir has all the entertainment of watching dried paint remain dry. The memoir was very entertaining. The memoir was boring
The memoir has all the entertainment of sledding down a mountain backwards. The memoir was very entertaining. The memoir was boring
The project had the complexity of A nuclear submarine. The project is very simple. The project is very complicated
The project had the complexity of A two-piece puzzle. The project is very simple. The project is very complicated
The game held the excitement of A best-selling thriller. The game is boring. The game is exciting
The game held the excitement of Watching a toilet flush. The game is boring. The game is exciting
The preacher had the speaking voice of a pregnant goat. The preacher has an unpleasant voice. The preacher has an impressive voice
The preacher had the speaking voice of a great pipe organ. The preacher has an unpleasant voice. The preacher has an impressive voice
The food had the smell of a sweet perfume. The food had a bad smell. The food had a good smell
The food had the smell of a dead fish in the sun. The food had a bad smell. The food had a good smell
She had the intelligence of a thousand monkeys sitting at desks and typing on typewriters. The things she said were noisy and random. The things she said or did were methodical and calculating
She had the intelligence of Garry Kasparov playing a warm up game. The things she said were noisy and random. The things she said or did were methodical and calculating
The sex was a dead-on-arrival. The sex was fantastic. The sex was boring
The sex was a ressurrection. The sex was fantastic. The sex was boring
The businessman was as aggressive in negotiations as a secretary. The businessman went all out in negotiations. The businessman was a timid negotiator
The businessman was as aggressive in negotiations as a lawyer. The businessman went all out in negotiations. The businessman was a timid negotiator
The movie had the depth of of a graduate school psychology course. The movie is shallow. The movie is thought provoking
The movie had the depth of A preschool curriculum. The movie is shallow. The movie is thought provoking
The movie has the depth of the roots of a daisy. The movie is epic. The movie lacks plot
The movie has the depth of of the roots of an oak tree. The movie is epic. The movie lacks plot
Jeremy drank with the tolerance of a mouse. Jeremy could drink a lot. Jeremy could not drink a lot
Jeremy drank down the ocean. Jeremy could drink a lot. Jeremy could not drink a lot
That child is a German Shepherd. he is small and fearful. He is big and brave
That child is a chihuahua. he is small and fearful. He is big and brave
The book has the colors of a Fisher-Price kaleidoscope. The book is colorful. The book is dull and lacks color
The book has the colors of a late '00s first person shooter game. The book is colorful. The book is dull and lacks color
The plane seat area has the leg room of a tricycle. The plane seat area is cramped. The plane seat area is comfortable
The plane seat area has the leg room of a chaise longue. The plane seat area is cramped. The plane seat area is comfortable
The lawn mower has the power of Edward Scissorhands. The lawn mower doesn't work well. The lawn mower cuts efficiently
The lawn mower has the power of a fire fly. The lawn mower doesn't work well. The lawn mower cuts efficiently
The pop song was fire. The pop song was upbeat and catchy. The pop song was slow
The pop song was a slug. The pop song was upbeat and catchy. The pop song was slow
The school was full of young monkeys. The school was full of energetic children. The school was full of slow, lethargic children
The school was full of young zombies. The school was full of energetic children. The school was full of slow, lethargic children
The writer was about as quiet as a cricket on a summer night. The writer is very quiet. The writer is noisy
The writer was about as quiet as a ladybug. The writer is very quiet. The writer is noisy
George ran like a snail. George ran fast. George ran slow
George ran like a bat out of hell. George ran fast. George ran slow
The movie has the depth of a conversation between Socrates and Spinoza on one of their better days. The movie is boring. The movie is profound
The movie has the depth of the brain function of the president of the Flat Earth Society. The movie is boring. The movie is profound
The gymnast was a toad. The gymnast was clumsy. The gymnast was graceful
The gymnast was a gazelle. The gymnast was clumsy. The gymnast was graceful
Her presence at the wedding was as expected as drama on the Jerry Springer show. Her presence at the wedding was unexpected. Her presence at the wedding was very expected
Her presence at the wedding was as expected as a nudist at a Baptist tent revival. Her presence at the wedding was unexpected. Her presence at the wedding was very expected
This court trial is as fair as lady justice's scales. The court trial is unfair. The court trial is very fair
This court trial is as fair as playing chess with a robot. The court trial is unfair. The court trial is very fair
His new job is as easy as shooting fish in a barrel. His new job is very easy. His new job is very hard
His new job is as easy as climbing a cliff with one arm. His new job is very easy. His new job is very hard
The meal was like a horror movie. The meal was invigorating. The recipient dreaded what came next while eating
The meal was like a hot bath. The meal was invigorating. The recipient dreaded what came next while eating
The high student has as many things on her to-do list as a kindergarten student. The high school student has a to-do list that's packed. The high school student doesn't have much on her to-do list
The high student has as many things on her to-do list as a business executive. The high school student has a to-do list that's packed. The high school student doesn't have much on her to-do list
That judge thinks similar to a mathematical algorithm. the judge is rigorous. the judge is relaxed
That judge thinks similar to a hippie. the judge is rigorous. the judge is relaxed
His new car has as much power as Chernobyl today. The car has lots of power. The car is so low in power it's not working
His new car has as much power as Chernobyl in the 70's. The car has lots of power. The car is so low in power it's not working
The wave has the sound of a whisper. The wave is loud. The wave is quiet
The wave has the sound of a million drums. The wave is loud. The wave is quiet
The car has the speed of a rocket travel as fast as light. The car is fast. The car is slow
The car has the speed of a slug carrying a ton of bricks. The car is fast. The car is slow
To the audience, Sara's speech was bitter tea. To the audience, Sara's speech was hurtful. To the audience, Sara's speech was pleasant
To the audience, Sara's speech was warm tea. To the audience, Sara's speech was hurtful. To the audience, Sara's speech was pleasant
Legal professions are as appealing as counting sand grains on a beach. Legal professions are tedious. Legal professions are exciting
Legal professions are as appealing as discovering new life forms. Legal professions are tedious. Legal professions are exciting
She's got the anger of a hive of bees during a bear attack. She's very angry. She's quite calm
She's got the anger of a sleeping little lamb. She's very angry. She's quite calm
He's got the swimming ability of a spider in a bathtub. He can swim well. He isn't good at swimming
He's got the swimming ability of a pack of dolphins. He can swim well. He isn't good at swimming
My sister is a Brain. My sister is smart. My sister is not smart
My sister is a Goldfish. My sister is smart. My sister is not smart
It's as wet as the ocean. It's wet. It's dry
It's as wet as the desert. It's wet. It's dry
The actor has the fame of a Roman emperor. The actor is very well known. The actor is not very well known
The actor has the fame of a box of rocks. The actor is very well known. The actor is not very well known
Fame is as fleeting as Whales life span. Fame expires quickly. Fame lasts a long time
Fame is as fleeting as A mosquito life span. Fame expires quickly. Fame lasts a long time
Ex friends calling you are as transparent as Molasses. You can see through old friends contact attempts. You have no idea why old friends contact you
Ex friends calling you are as transparent as skyscraper glass windows. You can see through old friends contact attempts. You have no idea why old friends contact you
He's felt that he was on top of a garbage pile. He was really happy. He's was sad
He's felt that he was on top of the world. He was really happy. He's was sad
That party lasted as long as a line of coke at a drug rehab. The party lasted a short amount of time. The party lasted a long time
That party lasted as long as a pickle and olive pie at a dessert table. The party lasted a short amount of time. The party lasted a long time
The man's sneeze was as noticeable as a whisper. The man's sneeze was unmistakably noticeable. The man's sneeze was undetected
The man's sneeze was as noticeable as a boom box. The man's sneeze was unmistakably noticeable. The man's sneeze was undetected
The sixth grader's homework assignment was as easy as writing a PhD dissertation. The sixth grader's homework assignment was a cinch to complete. The sixth grader's homework assignment was very difficult to complete
The sixth grader's homework assignment was as easy as making a sandwich. The sixth grader's homework assignment was a cinch to complete. The sixth grader's homework assignment was very difficult to complete
His anger was as visible as a meteor heading straight for earth. It was very clear that he was angry. His anger was very well hidden
His anger was as visible as a piece of thin glass. It was very clear that he was angry. His anger was very well hidden
The party was as grand as a book club meeting. The party was large and full of excitement. The party was uninteresting
The party was as grand as a parade. The party was large and full of excitement. The party was uninteresting
The room felt like a furnace. The room was cold. The room was hot
The room felt like a cooler. The room was cold. The room was hot
The girl was as bubbly as still water. The girl was vivacious. The girl was bland
The girl was as bubbly as champagne. The girl was vivacious. The girl was bland
The man's personality was as volatile as a sloth. The man was often angry. The man was laidback
The man's personality was as volatile as a charging hippo. The man was often angry. The man was laidback
The chair was a foundation. The chair was unstable. The chair was stable
The chair was a tilt-a-whirl. The chair was unstable. The chair was stable
The book had the depth of a sink. The book was boring. The book was profound
The book had the depth of a skyscraper. The book was boring. The book was profound
He flew like a stone. He moved in a light, graceful way. He moved in a clumsy, heavy way
He flew like a butterfly. He moved in a light, graceful way. He moved in a clumsy, heavy way
His brain was made of curving winding roads leading into dark woods. He is really efficient and thinks in a straightforward way. He tends to get distracted
His brain was made of long straight highways. He is really efficient and thinks in a straightforward way. He tends to get distracted
Jeremy was a warm blanket on a cold day. Jeremy was comforting. Jeremy was not comforting
Jeremy was a wet blanket on a cold day. Jeremy was comforting. Jeremy was not comforting
He had the class of a child at a birthday party at Chuck E. Cheese. He had a lot class. He had little class
He had the class of an aristocrat from an old novel. He had a lot class. He had little class
She was a warm as a mother's hug. She was warm. She was cold
She was a warm as a frozen steak. She was warm. She was cold
It was as melodious a colicky baby. It was melodious. It was not melodius
It was as melodious a chirping bird. It was melodious. It was not melodius
The kids have as much energy as Olympic athletes. The kids have tons of energy. The kids don't have any energy at all
The kids have as much energy as hospital patients. The kids have tons of energy. The kids don't have any energy at all
He has the nose of an elephant with a sinus infection. His nose is good looking. His nose looks ugly
He has the nose of Michaelangelo's David. His nose is good looking. His nose looks ugly
The game has all the challenge of walking to the bathroom first thing in the morning. The game is fairly challenging. The game lacks challenge
The game has all the challenge of learning to walk again after breaking both legs. The game is fairly challenging. The game lacks challenge
The book has the depth of a kiddie pool. The book is boring. The book is profound
The book has the depth of the mariana trench. The book is boring. The book is profound
He had the wisdom of a turnip. He was wise. He was ignorant
He had the wisdom of Solomon. He was wise. He was ignorant
The word meaning was as clear as Molasses. The meaning was clear. The meaning was murky
The word meaning was as clear as Aquafina. The meaning was clear. The meaning was murky
The car was as shiny as Concrete. The car had a lot of shine. The car was dull
The car was as shiny as A freshly cleaned mirror. The car had a lot of shine. The car was dull
The cake is sawdust. The cake is moist. The cake is dry
The cake is a wet sponge. The cake is moist. The cake is dry
His father was a jenga tower. His father was really reliable. His father was not reliable
His father was a pillar. His father was really reliable. His father was not reliable
The boy is a ballerina. The boy is clumsy. The boy is graceful
The boy is a lumberjack. The boy is clumsy. The boy is graceful
The tea had the warmth of an igloo. The tea was warm. The tea was cold
The tea had the warmth of a blanket. The tea was warm. The tea was cold
The tea was as sweet as pie. The tea was strong. The tea was pleasant to drink
The tea was as dark as the night. The tea was strong. The tea was pleasant to drink
She was sleepy like a speed addict. She was sleepy. She was not sleepy
She was sleepy like a baby. She was sleepy. She was not sleepy
This guy has the charisma of a Greek god. This guy is bland and boring, with no appeal. This guy is incredibly appealing to the point of being legendary
This guy has the charisma of a ball of clay. This guy is bland and boring, with no appeal. This guy is incredibly appealing to the point of being legendary
The ball is a worn out waistband. The ball is bouncy. The ball is not bouncy
The ball is a rubber band. The ball is bouncy. The ball is not bouncy
The ball is a rock. The ball is bouncy. The ball is not bouncy
The ball is a spring. The ball is bouncy. The ball is not bouncy
The cat is a mouse. The cat is aggressive. The cat is meek
The cat is a lion. The cat is aggressive. The cat is meek
He's talks like a a hungover DMV employee. He talks really fast. He talks really slowly
He's talks like a machine gun. He talks really fast. He talks really slowly
My house is as loud as a cemetery. My house is loud. My house is quiet
My house is as loud as an airport. My house is loud. My house is quiet
The razor has the cutting power of a declawed kitten. The razor cuts well. The razor can barely cut at all
The razor has the cutting power of a cartoon cat's claws. The razor cuts well. The razor can barely cut at all
The lion has the pouncing power of a dog with no legs. The lion has a lot of pouncing ability. The lion cannot pounce
The lion has the pouncing power of a thousand smaller cats combined. The lion has a lot of pouncing ability. The lion cannot pounce
The ball is a big red sun. The ball is large and red. The ball is small
The ball is a pea. The ball is large and red. The ball is small
The giraffe was as tall as the Sears Tower. The giraffe was tall. The giraffe was short
The giraffe was as tall as a shoe. The giraffe was tall. The giraffe was short
The boy is as daring as a fawn. The boy is timid. The boy is fearless
The boy is as daring as a roaring lion. The boy is timid. The boy is fearless
She has the personality an A discoball. She is boring and lame. She is colorful and fun
She has the personality an A fannypack. She is boring and lame. She is colorful and fun
The man was as skinny as a sumo wrestler. The man was skinny. The man was fat
The man was as skinny as a broom. The man was skinny. The man was fat
My friend is as loyal as man's best friend. My friend is a backtabber. My friend would take a secret to the grave
My friend is as loyal as a pack of hyenas. My friend is a backtabber. My friend would take a secret to the grave
The professor has the IQ of a virus. The professor is stupid. The professor is intelligent
The professor has the IQ of Einstein. The professor is stupid. The professor is intelligent
The car ride was as smooth as paper. The car ride went very smoothly. The car ride was very bumpy
The car ride was as smooth as an alligator's skin. The car ride went very smoothly. The car ride was very bumpy
Jane was a friend as good as The smell of stale cigarette smoke. Jane was a comforting friend. Jane was stagnant as a friend
Jane was a friend as good as The smell of fresh bread. Jane was a comforting friend. Jane was stagnant as a friend
The architect's building design was as inspiring as a Soviet apartment block. The architect's building design was unoriginal. The architect's building design was a masterpiece
The architect's building design was as inspiring as the Taj Mahal. The architect's building design was unoriginal. The architect's building design was a masterpiece
I was as hungry as a man after Thanksgiving dinner. I was famished. I was full
I was as hungry as a man who just returned from a prison camp. I was famished. I was full
The light on the tree were as bright as a cave. The light was bright. The light was dark
The light on the tree were as bright as a searchlight. The light was bright. The light was dark
The girl is as reliable as a smoke detector without batteries. The girl can definitely be relied upon. The girl isn't reliable at all
The girl is as reliable as an SUV. The girl can definitely be relied upon. The girl isn't reliable at all
He produces like a sloth. He's very productive. He's not productive at all
He produces like a one-man factory. He's very productive. He's not productive at all
The tap dancer was an elephant. The tap dancer was clumsy. The tap dancer was graceful
The tap dancer was a gazelle. The tap dancer was clumsy. The tap dancer was graceful
The movie has the excitement of outrunning a giant, flaming boulder. The movie is very exciting. The movie is pretty dull
The movie has the excitement of visiting a budget petting zoo. The movie is very exciting. The movie is pretty dull
The blanker provides the warmth of a thousand suns. The blanket provides a lot of warmth. The blanket provides little warmth
The blanker provides the warmth of an open refrigerator. The blanket provides a lot of warmth. The blanket provides little warmth
School is a circus. School is rowdy and entertaining. School is full of restraint
School is a prison. School is rowdy and entertaining. School is full of restraint
The girl's facial expression was as clear as pea soup. The girl's facial expression was somewhat murky. The girl's facial expression was obvious
The girl's facial expression was as clear as a windowpane. The girl's facial expression was somewhat murky. The girl's facial expression was obvious
The book plot was as straightforward as uncombed hair. The book plot was very straightforward. The book plot was very twisted
The book plot was as straightforward as a Y-axis. The book plot was very straightforward. The book plot was very twisted
The gambler had the luck of a leprechaun covered in four-leaf clovers. The gambler was lucky. The gambler was unlucky
The gambler had the luck of a black cat walking under a ladder. The gambler was lucky. The gambler was unlucky
The lion has the roar of a man with a stubbed toe. The lion's roar is loud. The lion's roar is bately audible
The lion has the roar of mosquito flying down a busy street. The lion's roar is loud. The lion's roar is bately audible
The washing machine has the cleaning ability of a fully rested man with OCD in a dirty room. The washing machine cleans very well. The washing machine leaves behind a lot of filth
The washing machine has the cleaning ability of a college kid with a hangover. The washing machine cleans very well. The washing machine leaves behind a lot of filth
Love is a dumpster fire. Love is trash. Love is beautiful
Love is an angel's voice. Love is trash. Love is beautiful
The woman is a deer. The woman is ugly. The woman is beautiful
The woman is a toad. The woman is ugly. The woman is beautiful
The office environment was as sterile as a rock band's garage. The office environment was totally dull. The office environment was full of life
The office environment was as sterile as a dental hygienist's equipment. The office environment was totally dull. The office environment was full of life
She swam like a dolphin. She didn't swim well. She swam very well
She swam like a cat. She didn't swim well. She swam very well
He was as smooth as a rocky road. He was very smooth. He wasn't smooth at all
He was as smooth as butter. He was very smooth. He wasn't smooth at all
The gossip was as juicy as a sandbox. The gossip was entertaining. the gossip was boring
The gossip was as juicy as A peach. The gossip was entertaining. the gossip was boring
That cake is as moist as The Sahara desert. The cake is dry. The cake is not dry
That cake is as moist as H20. The cake is dry. The cake is not dry
The ice cream was as tasty as Cheesecake. The ice cream is bland. The ice cream is flavorful
The ice cream was as tasty as Lint. The ice cream is bland. The ice cream is flavorful
The poem moved along like a truck that is breaking down. The poem flowed smoothly and was easy to follow along with. The poem had a clunky feel to it and was not smooth to follow
The poem moved along like a Dantean canto. The poem flowed smoothly and was easy to follow along with. The poem had a clunky feel to it and was not smooth to follow
The diamond on the engagement ring is the size of an atom. The diamond on the engagement ring is huge. The diamond on the engagement ring is barely visible
The diamond on the engagement ring is the size of a truck. The diamond on the engagement ring is huge. The diamond on the engagement ring is barely visible
Inflation is as high as the mariana trench. Inflation is very low. Inflation is very high
Inflation is as high as the clouds. Inflation is very low. Inflation is very high
The villain is as beautiful as the Joker. The villain is hideous. The villain is gorgeous
The villain is as beautiful as an angel in heaven. The villain is hideous. The villain is gorgeous
This bag has the weight of a feather. The bag is heavy. The bag is light
This bag has the weight of an elephant. The bag is heavy. The bag is light
The hero was strong like a wet noodle. The hero was strong. The hero was not strong
The hero was strong like steel. The hero was strong. The hero was not strong
The girl's voice was as flat as tap water. The girl's voice was very bubbly. The girl's voice was flat and monotonous
The girl's voice was as flat as sparkling water. The girl's voice was very bubbly. The girl's voice was flat and monotonous
The book's plot was as twisted as a soft pretzel. The book's plot was all over the place. The book's plot followed a linear fashion
The book's plot was as twisted as a parade of soldiers. The book's plot was all over the place. The book's plot followed a linear fashion
The new car drives like A powerful steed. The car is fast. The car is slow
The new car drives like a donkey. The car is fast. The car is slow
He's as country as Manhattan. He's very country. He's not very country at all
He's as country as Texas. He's very country. He's not very country at all
Her eyes were blue as a calm sea. Her eyes were a clear blue. Her eyes were muddy and brown
Her eyes were blue as a muddy pond. Her eyes were a clear blue. Her eyes were muddy and brown
The officer has the training of a newborn goldfish. The officer is well trained. The officer has little training
The officer has the training of the dog from the Beethoven movies. The officer is well trained. The officer has little training
He has the villainy of Hitler on methamphetamine. He is quite the villain. He's not very villainous
He has the villainy of every non-Injustice Superman. He is quite the villain. He's not very villainous
The driveway is a bed of rocks. The driveway is bumpy. The driveway is smooth
The driveway is a mirror. The driveway is bumpy. The driveway is smooth
The road is frozen pizza crust. The road is muddy. The road is icy
The road is thick fudge. The road is muddy. The road is icy
His head was filled with lightbulbs. He wasn't very bright. He was very smart and had a lot of good ideas
His head was filled with molasses. He wasn't very bright. He was very smart and had a lot of good ideas
The toothbrush has the firmness of a steel beam. The toothbrush is very firm. The toothbrush lacks firmness
The toothbrush has the firmness of a brown banana. The toothbrush is very firm. The toothbrush lacks firmness
The director possessed the intelligence of A Nobel Prize laureate. The director is stupid. The director is intelligent
The director possessed the intelligence of A baby fur seal. The director is stupid. The director is intelligent
His attention span is as long as a hair pin. He has a really good attention span. His attention span is nonexistent
His attention span is as long as a trip around the globe. He has a really good attention span. His attention span is nonexistent
My depression these days is like a distant enemy. The speaker hates their depression but has not had to deal with it in a while. The speaker deals with their depression so constantly that they have grown used to it
My depression these days is like a close friend. The speaker hates their depression but has not had to deal with it in a while. The speaker deals with their depression so constantly that they have grown used to it
It's as loud as a hurricane. It's very loud. It makes no noise at all
It's as loud as the vacuum of space. It's very loud. It makes no noise at all
His depression was a gaping hole inside his heart. His depression weighed deeply inside of him and left him feeling alone. Everyone in the room was aware of his depression and getting warning signs from it
His depression lit the room in red warning signs. His depression weighed deeply inside of him and left him feeling alone. Everyone in the room was aware of his depression and getting warning signs from it
you're about as skinny as a stick. you are very skinny. you are fat
you're about as skinny as a pig. you are very skinny. you are fat
The process has the complexity of A wooden block. The process is simple. The process is complex
The process has the complexity of Intricate clockwork. The process is simple. The process is complex
That guy's voice sounds like silky pajamas. That guys voice is unpleasant. That guys voice is pleasant
That guy's voice sounds like a car accident. That guys voice is unpleasant. That guys voice is pleasant
The night was as rowdy as a senior home. The night was very rowdy. The night was very dull
The night was as rowdy as a strip club. The night was very rowdy. The night was very dull
His heart is as hard as a rock. He is guilt free and happy. He is cold and heartless
His heart is as light as a feather. He is guilt free and happy. He is cold and heartless
Her sight is as good as a mole. Her sight is excellent. Her sight is terrible
Her sight is as good as an eagle. Her sight is excellent. Her sight is terrible
His life lasted as long as a butterfly. His life lasted only a short amount of time. His life lasted a very long time
His life lasted as long as a tortoise. His life lasted only a short amount of time. His life lasted a very long time
The sculptor is a lumberjack. The sculptor is careful. The sculptor is sloppy
The sculptor is a surgeon. The sculptor is careful. The sculptor is sloppy
The security team is effective as fighting a wildfire with a watergun. The security team is useless. The security team is very effective
The security team is effective as bleach on white shirts. The security team is useless. The security team is very effective
The mall was a big as Downtown Chicago. The mall was expansive. The mall was cramped
The mall was a big as A studio apartment. The mall was expansive. The mall was cramped
The chocolate cake is as fluffy as a mattress. The chocolate cake is light. The chocolate cake is dense
The chocolate cake is as fluffy as cotton candy. The chocolate cake is light. The chocolate cake is dense
He has the personality of Mr. Rogers. He has a flat and boring personality. He has a sweet and friendly personality
He has the personality of a wet noodle. He has a flat and boring personality. He has a sweet and friendly personality
The movie plot was as intricate as A child's first toy. The movie plot was convoluted. The movie plot was simple
The movie plot was as intricate as A politician's mind. The movie plot was convoluted. The movie plot was simple
This guy has the pleasantness of a puppy. This guy is nice. This guy is rude
This guy has the pleasantness of a tiger. This guy is nice. This guy is rude
The night sky was as dark as a milky latte. The night sky was pitch black. The night sky was very light
The night sky was as dark as black coffee. The night sky was pitch black. The night sky was very light
My wife's cooking tastes like cardboard. My wife is a terrible cook. My wife is an excellent cook
My wife's cooking tastes like heaven. My wife is a terrible cook. My wife is an excellent cook
When my sister is working she moves like a ballerina. My sister is very graceful when she's busy working. My sister is very clumsy and awkward while she works
When my sister is working she moves like an oaf. My sister is very graceful when she's busy working. My sister is very clumsy and awkward while she works
The party was as fun as paying electricity bills. The party was very boring. The party was really fun
The party was as fun as going to Six Flags. The party was very boring. The party was really fun
The military is as organized as a chessboard. The military is very organized. The military is not organized at all
The military is as organized as a toddler's bedroom. The military is very organized. The military is not organized at all
Their family is a peace corps. Their family is combative. Their family is helpful
Their family is an invading army. Their family is combative. Their family is helpful
The student's performance was as competitive as a sleeping kitten. The student's performance was great. The student's performance was lackluster
The student's performance was as competitive as a NASCAR driver. The student's performance was great. The student's performance was lackluster
The girl found herself swimming in a sea of ghosts. The girl found herself overflowing with love. The girl found herself surrounded by death
The girl found herself swimming in a sea of love. The girl found herself overflowing with love. The girl found herself surrounded by death
I saw him running, he's an elephant. He runs fast. He is a slow runner
I saw him running, he's a cheetah. He runs fast. He is a slow runner
The running dog is A fellow traveler. The running dog is man's best friend. The running dog avoids people
The running dog is A stranger on the street. The running dog is man's best friend. The running dog avoids people
This new book is as profound as a Miltonian epic. The book shows psychological depth, lyrical poetry, and appeal of a classic work of literature. The book is simplistic and amateurish
This new book is as profound as an English freshman's first essay. The book shows psychological depth, lyrical poetry, and appeal of a classic work of literature. The book is simplistic and amateurish
He had the moral values of a bloodthirsty vampire. He had no moral values. He had a tremendous amount of moral values
He had the moral values of a crusading paladin. He had no moral values. He had a tremendous amount of moral values
The movie has the length of the every DMV line combined. The movie is long. The movie is short
The movie has the length of a gasp. The movie is long. The movie is short
The movie has the charm of a blind date with a wild boar. The movie is not charming. The movie is charming
The movie has the charm of a thousand teddy bears. The movie is not charming. The movie is charming
The girl's life was as dramatic as the ocean at low tide. The girl's life was bland. The girl's life was full of drama
The girl's life was as dramatic as Chicago's South Side. The girl's life was bland. The girl's life was full of drama
George moved like a chicken with its head cut off. George was very focused. George lacked proper focus in the way he conducted himself
George moved like a hound on the hunt. George was very focused. George lacked proper focus in the way he conducted himself
His ideas are the size of Eurasia. His ideas are large. His ideas are small
His ideas are the size of an anteater's dinner. His ideas are large. His ideas are small
The board game requires the strategy of a four star general turned CEO. The board game requires a lot of strategy. The board game requires almost no strategy
The board game requires the strategy of an embryo turned newborn. The board game requires a lot of strategy. The board game requires almost no strategy
The food has all the flavor of dried sugar-free oatmeal. The food has a ton of flavor. The food is pretty bland
The food has all the flavor of a world clas chef's wildest dreams. The food has a ton of flavor. The food is pretty bland
This house is made out of diamond. The house is flimsy, and could fall apart easily. The house is durable and resistent to damage/the elements
This house is made out of papier-mache. The house is flimsy, and could fall apart easily. The house is durable and resistent to damage/the elements
The assignment was as clear as a glass of water. The assignment was hard to understand. The assignment was easy to understand
The assignment was as clear as chocolate pudding. The assignment was hard to understand. The assignment was easy to understand
My house is a dump. My house is elegant and proud. My house is a mess
My house is a castle. My house is elegant and proud. My house is a mess
That couch is as soft as a boulder. The couch is hard. The couch is soft
That couch is as soft as a pillow. The couch is hard. The couch is soft
The man is as sharp as a bowling ball. The man is stupid. The man is smart
The man is as sharp as needle. The man is stupid. The man is smart
The car was as fast as a bullet. The car was fast. The car was slow
The car was as fast as molasses. The car was fast. The car was slow
He was as inconspicuous as a fly. He was very inconspicuous. He was highly conspicuous and noticeable
He was as inconspicuous as a peacock. He was very inconspicuous. He was highly conspicuous and noticeable
The quarterback put forth the effort of A weak infant. The quarterback did not try hard. The quarterback put forth great effort
The quarterback put forth the effort of An angry bull elephant. The quarterback did not try hard. The quarterback put forth great effort
The relationship between Democrats and Republicans is that over a couple married for 50 years. Democrats and Republicans do not get along. Democrats and Republicans tolerate each other
The relationship between Democrats and Republicans is as frigid as an Artic swimming pool. Democrats and Republicans do not get along. Democrats and Republicans tolerate each other
This person has the warmth of an icicle. The person is kind. The person is unkind
This person has the warmth of a desert. The person is kind. The person is unkind
The song is as deep as A closet. The song is superficial. The song is heartfelt
The song is as deep as the sea. The song is superficial. The song is heartfelt
Her voice is as pleasant as a mad cat. Her voice is annoying. Her voice is soothing
Her voice is as pleasant as a lullabye. Her voice is annoying. Her voice is soothing
That person is as useful as a DVD rewinder. The person's presence has no value. The person is quite resourceful and helpful
That person is as useful as a multi-tool. The person's presence has no value. The person is quite resourceful and helpful
The tower is as tall as Mt Fuji. The tower is very short. The tower is extremely tall
The tower is as tall as an anthill. The tower is very short. The tower is extremely tall
The phone is as loud as a fog horn. The phone is very quiet. The phone is very loud
The phone is as loud as a whisper. The phone is very quiet. The phone is very loud
The boy moves as swiftly as a boulder. The boy moves with great swiftness. The boy is very slow
The boy moves as swiftly as a minnow swimming downstream. The boy moves with great swiftness. The boy is very slow
The desktop was a dirt road. The desktop was bumpy. The desktop was smooth
The desktop was a sheet of glass. The desktop was bumpy. The desktop was smooth
That man's about as deep as a bathtub. That man is not deep at all. That man is very deep
That man's about as deep as the Mediterranean sea. That man is not deep at all. That man is very deep
Things around here are about as orderly as a gulag. Things around there are not orderly at all. Things around there are extremely orderly
Things around here are about as orderly as a kid's birthday party. Things around there are not orderly at all. Things around there are extremely orderly
I've got the memory of an amoeba. The person has a great memory. The person has a really bad memory
I've got the memory of an elephant. The person has a great memory. The person has a really bad memory
The pillow was as soft as a cement slab. The pillow was soft. the pillow was hard
The pillow was as soft as a cloud. The pillow was soft. the pillow was hard
He was as slimy as a snake. He was someone who couldn't be trusted. He was someone you could trust
He was as slimy as a puppy. He was someone who couldn't be trusted. He was someone you could trust
He is as mean as Mother Teresa. He is mean. He is kind
He is as mean as Hitler. He is mean. He is kind
The girl left a mark as indelible as a pencil. The girl left a huge impact. The girl's impact was minimal
The girl left a mark as indelible as a Sharpie. The girl left a huge impact. The girl's impact was minimal
That complex was a standing titan. The complex is strong. The complex has a noticeable weak point
That complex was a standing Achilles. The complex is strong. The complex has a noticeable weak point
The man has the intelligence of a frog. The man is stupid. The man is smart
The man has the intelligence of a brain surgeon. The man is stupid. The man is smart
Cats are companionship in animal form. Cats are violent. Cats are friendly
Cats are scratches come to life. Cats are violent. Cats are friendly
The critic's review of the concert rang of A disapproving rant from an angry mother. The critic's review was negative and bad. The critic's review was good and full of praise
The critic's review of the concert rang of The lavish praise given to a king. The critic's review was negative and bad. The critic's review was good and full of praise
The task group worked at the rate of A drop of frozen molasses. The group worked slowly. The group worked fast
The task group worked at the rate of A bolt of greased lightening. The group worked slowly. The group worked fast
The teacher was as successful in her occupation as a Rockefeller in his business ventures. The teacher was inventive, at the forefront of her occupation, and highly successful. The teacher was unsuccessful, basically useless in getting anything accomplished
The teacher was as successful in her occupation as a lame-duck President. The teacher was inventive, at the forefront of her occupation, and highly successful. The teacher was unsuccessful, basically useless in getting anything accomplished
Those two get along like a cold and a cough. They get along really poorly. They get along really well
Those two get along like a cold and vitamin-C. They get along really poorly. They get along really well
Those individuals are ants in a colony. The individuals are homogenous. The individuals are unique
Those individuals are a bunch of snowflakes. The individuals are homogenous. The individuals are unique
The pudding tastes like A chocolate ocean. The pudding is not at all edible. The pudding is delicious
The pudding tastes like Wet Dirt. The pudding is not at all edible. The pudding is delicious
The grass was the green of an emerald. The grass was healthy and bright green. The grass was dying and ugly green
The grass was the green of puke. The grass was healthy and bright green. The grass was dying and ugly green
The old man had the health of a young stallion. The man was healthy. The man was not healthy
The old man had the health of a dead cat. The man was healthy. The man was not healthy
The air felt like swimming in a warm pool. the air was so freezing it hurt. the air was hot and humid
The air felt like knives against her skin. the air was so freezing it hurt. the air was hot and humid
She was as sad as a child on Christmas morning. She was sad. She was happy
She was as sad as a hungry baby. She was sad. She was happy
The panda has the spots of a rubber duck. The panda is very spotted. The panda lacks spots
The panda has the spots of a kid with chickenpox. The panda is very spotted. The panda lacks spots
The tree was as old as a newborn baby. The tree was old. The tree was young
The tree was as old as a dinosaur. The tree was old. The tree was young
This life is a merry-go-round. This life is a crazy place to live in. This life is filled with good and bad things, happy and sad moments
This life is a raging storm. This life is a crazy place to live in. This life is filled with good and bad things, happy and sad moments
Chess is as hard as a mountain. Chess is very easy. Chess is very hard
Chess is as easy as finger painting. Chess is very easy. Chess is very hard
The park has all the appeal of a garbage dump on a hot day. The park is disgusting. The park is enticing
The park has all the appeal of a free triple scoop ice cream cone on a hot day. The park is disgusting. The park is enticing
The girl moved as fast as a cheetah. The girl was quick. The girl was slow
The girl moved as fast as a turtle. The girl was quick. The girl was slow
The pizza was as large as the moon. The pizza was enormous. The pizza was tiny
The pizza was as large as a polka dot. The pizza was enormous. The pizza was tiny
This cup had the filth of a brand new dishwasher. It is quite dirty. It's clean as can be
This cup had the filth of the Great Pacific garbage patch. It is quite dirty. It's clean as can be
Love is mysterious like a witch. Love cannot always be explained (in a good way). Love is trouble
Love is mysterious like magic. Love cannot always be explained (in a good way). Love is trouble
The fruit has the blueness of medieval depictions of Hell. Th fruit is very blue. The fruit isn't blue at all
The fruit has the blueness of a depressed painter's canvas. Th fruit is very blue. The fruit isn't blue at all
Her garden was a graveyard. Her garden was teeming with life. Her garden was filled with dead plants
Her garden was its own world with biomes and ecosystems. Her garden was teeming with life. Her garden was filled with dead plants
The girl's head is Wikipedia. The girl is ignorant. The girl is very knowledgeable
The girl's head is a balloon. The girl is ignorant. The girl is very knowledgeable
This place is as friendly as a warzone. This place is friendly. This place is unfriendly and hostile
This place is as friendly as a party. This place is friendly. This place is unfriendly and hostile
He had the energy of a powerline. He had lots of energy. He didn't have much energy
He had the energy of a sloth. He had lots of energy. He didn't have much energy
He cooked like a monkey. He was precise in his way of cooking. He was bad at cooking
He cooked like a bomb-diffuser. He was precise in his way of cooking. He was bad at cooking
The episode has the depth of a toilet. The episode is boring. The episode is interesting
The episode has the depth of the mariana trench. The episode is boring. The episode is interesting
The actor's skin is a piece of dead snake skin. The actor's skin is bumpy and flaky. The actor's skin is smooth
The actor's skin is a piece of glass. The actor's skin is bumpy and flaky. The actor's skin is smooth
The ceiling fan has the capacity of a whirling dervish. The fan has poor circulation. The fan circulates efficiently
The ceiling fan has the capacity of a clogged drain. The fan has poor circulation. The fan circulates efficiently
The enemy has all the menace of a puppy. The enemy is menacing. The enemy is nonthreatening
The enemy has all the menace of a monster. The enemy is menacing. The enemy is nonthreatening
The amount of his deceit was a grain of sand. The deceit was large. The deceit was small
The amount of his deceit was the Pacific Ocean. The deceit was large. The deceit was small
The length of the movie was a lifetime. The movie was long. The movie was short
The length of the movie was a blink. The movie was long. The movie was short
The inflation rate these days is a pig in a pen. Inflation has gotten out of control. Inflation is under control
The inflation rate these days is a horse running out of a stable. Inflation has gotten out of control. Inflation is under control
The interns are as common as kitchen sinks. There are tons of interns. There aren't that many interns
The interns are as common as rubies. There are tons of interns. There aren't that many interns
The car ride is like being lulled to sleep in your mother's arms. The car ride is smooth and soothing. The car ride is bumpy
The car ride is like mountain biking through a quarry. The car ride is smooth and soothing. The car ride is bumpy
That book was like a trip to the Disneyworld. That book was boring and tedious. That book was a fun adventure
That book was like paying your taxes. That book was boring and tedious. That book was a fun adventure
Her wit was a sharp as a tack. She was extremely witty. She was dull at the best of times
Her wit was a sharp as a marble. She was extremely witty. She was dull at the best of times
This song has the tempo of a snail. This song is fast. This song is slow
This song has the tempo of a bullet train. This song is fast. This song is slow
The fortress was as impenetrable as paper. The fortress was well defended and reinforced. The fortress was easily breached
The fortress was as impenetrable as a wall. The fortress was well defended and reinforced. The fortress was easily breached
The horse has the staying power of a three-legged dog. The horse has little endurance. The horse has lots of endurance
The horse has the staying power of a nuclear submarine. The horse has little endurance. The horse has lots of endurance
The opera's plot has the solidity of a brass ingot. The opera's plot has many holes. The opera's plot is integral
The opera's plot has the solidity of a block of swiss cheese. The opera's plot has many holes. The opera's plot is integral
The fortress appears as a pebble. The fortress is large. The fortress is small
The fortress appears as a boulder. The fortress is large. The fortress is small
This bag is as light as a 600 lb gorilla. The bag is nearly weightless. The bag is extremely heavy
This bag is as light as a party balloon. The bag is nearly weightless. The bag is extremely heavy
This place is as hot as Syberia in winter. This place is so hot it could burn you. This place is actually extremely cold
This place is as hot as fresh brewed coffee. This place is so hot it could burn you. This place is actually extremely cold
Her hair is A waterfall. Her hair is reflective and shiny. Her hair is dry and lifeless
Her hair is A bunch of dry hay. Her hair is reflective and shiny. Her hair is dry and lifeless
The temperature feels like inside a volcano. The temperature is extremely hot. The temperature is freezing cold
The temperature feels like outer space. The temperature is extremely hot. The temperature is freezing cold
This tree is is as tall as an ant hill. The tree is very tall. The tree is not tall at all
This tree is as tall as the space needle. The tree is very tall. The tree is not tall at all
The departmental store manager has a golden heart. The departmental store manager is kind and friendly. The departmental store manager is unfriendly, cruel and unkind
The departmental store manager has the heart hard as nails. The departmental store manager is kind and friendly. The departmental store manager is unfriendly, cruel and unkind
The old woman was a rocket. The old woman was feisty, fiery, energetic, kinetic. The old woman was still and unmovable
The old woman was a mountain. The old woman was feisty, fiery, energetic, kinetic. The old woman was still and unmovable
The Brain is a Prism. brain is hypersensitive and connects many things. brain take one input and gives multiple output
The Brain is a Spider web. brain is hypersensitive and connects many things. brain take one input and gives multiple output
He is as loud as a teenager sneaking back into the house after curfew. He is quiet. He is loud
He is as loud as an elephant carrying a piano. He is quiet. He is loud
This water is as clear as the La Brea Tar Pits. The water is very murky. The water is very clear
This water is as clear as fresh rainwater in a bucket. The water is very murky. The water is very clear
Riding a motorcycle is as dangerous as walking down the street. Riding a motorcycle is very dangerous. Riding a motorcycle isn't any more dangerous than doing normal everyday things
Riding a motorcycle is as dangerous as jumping off a cliff. Riding a motorcycle is very dangerous. Riding a motorcycle isn't any more dangerous than doing normal everyday things
The fortress had the strength of a new born baby. The fortress was very strong. The fortress was very weak
The fortress had the strength of a of a 1000 lb gorilla. The fortress was very strong. The fortress was very weak
The witness is like Like an All-Star linebacker. They know about all the dirt. They don't give up anything easily
The witness is like Like an old broom. They know about all the dirt. They don't give up anything easily
The soldiers thought the war was as fun as a page from an adventure comic. The war was fun, fanciful, and enjoyable. The war was not fun, hard, and mind-numbing
The soldiers thought the war was as fun as a sheet of calculus problems. The war was fun, fanciful, and enjoyable. The war was not fun, hard, and mind-numbing
She is An unbreakable stone. She is weak. She is strong
She is A fragile leaf. She is weak. She is strong
That man has the laughter of booming thunder. It's a very loud and deep laugh. It's barely audible and high-pitched
That man has the laughter of a mouse. It's a very loud and deep laugh. It's barely audible and high-pitched
The event planning hit several storms in the process. The planning ran into several problems. The planning was easy and without issue
The event planning was met with clear skies. The planning ran into several problems. The planning was easy and without issue
He should be back before more sunlight reaches us. He will be back quickly. He will be back slowly
He should be back before the sun implodes. He will be back quickly. He will be back slowly
Her commitment to the cause was as sturdy as plywood. She was committed. She was uncommitted
Her commitment to the cause was as sturdy as oak. She was committed. She was uncommitted
The crowd's reaction to the performance fizzled like flat soda. The crowd was enthusiastic. The crowd was unenthusiastic
The crowd's reaction to the performance fizzled like fireworks. The crowd was enthusiastic. The crowd was unenthusiastic
The pilot flew like a modern dancer. The pilot flew in a restrained way. The pilot flew in a creative way
The pilot flew like a ballet dancer. The pilot flew in a restrained way. The pilot flew in a creative way
He had the air of a cult leader. People were intimidated by him. People were not intimidated by him
He had the air of a church leader. People were intimidated by him. People were not intimidated by him
The venture was charting new waters. The venture was innovative. The venture was unsuccessful
The venture was blown out to sea. The venture was innovative. The venture was unsuccessful
She was as bright as diamond. She was intelligent. She was unintelligent
She was as bright as obsidian. She was intelligent. She was unintelligent
Vanity is the quicksand of reason. Vanity destroys reason. Vanity motivates reason
Vanity is the tailwind of reason. Vanity destroys reason. Vanity motivates reason
The movie has the depth of a wading pool. The movie is profound. The movie is vapid
The movie has the depth of the ocean. The movie is profound. The movie is vapid
Even a monkey writes a sonnet sometimes. Experts can fail sometimes. Novices can succeed sometimes
Even a monkey falls from a tree sometimes. Experts can fail sometimes. Novices can succeed sometimes
Time is a river. You can't change the future. You can change the future
Time is a crystal. You can't change the future. You can change the future
The bar is a cat's jump away. The bar is far away. The bar is close by
The bar is a giant's step away. The bar is far away. The bar is close by
He had funnels in his ears throughout the lecture. He did pay attention. He did not pay attention
He had cotton in his ears throughout the lecture. He did pay attention. He did not pay attention
The conference had a rivulet of submission. There were few submissions. There were many submissions
The conference had a tsunami of submissions. There were few submissions. There were many submissions
She's about as sharp as a knife. She is smart. She is dimwitted
She's about as sharp as a spoon. She is smart. She is dimwitted
The software is a fortress. The software is well protected. the software is messy
The software is a ball of yarn. The software is well protected. the software is messy
Her gaze is a laser. Her gaze is focused. Her gaze is diffuse
Her gaze is a disco ball. Her gaze is focused. Her gaze is diffuse
The foundation of the argument was titanium. The argument was sound. The argument was unsound
The foundation of the argument was puff pastry. The argument was sound. The argument was unsound
She is as dull as a knife. She is intelligent. She is unintelligent
She is as dull as a spoon. She is intelligent. She is unintelligent
The atom is like a cloud. Electrons orbit the nucleus. Electrons are in probability densities
The atom is like a solar system. Electrons orbit the nucleus. Electrons are in probability densities
The patient's blood vessels are highways. Blood is flowing smoothly. Blood is being blocked
The patient's blood vessels are a closet hallway. Blood is flowing smoothly. Blood is being blocked
Chromosomes are like a tapestry. Chromosomes are messy. Chromosomes are well organized
Chromosomes are like spaghetti. Chromosomes are messy. Chromosomes are well organized
The nuclear reaction happened like falling dominoes. There were multiple steps to the reaction. The reaction happened all at once
The nuclear reaction happened like a snap. There were multiple steps to the reaction. The reaction happened all at once
The camera is a spider. The camera has one lens. The camera has multiple lenses
The camera is a cyclops. The camera has one lens. The camera has multiple lenses
The current is morse code. The current is continuous. The current is discrete
The current is a stream. The current is continuous. The current is discrete
A chemical reaction is like a riot. The reaction is orderly. The reaction is disorderly
A chemical reaction is like a ballroom dance. The reaction is orderly. The reaction is disorderly