an apple a day keeps the doctor away. apples are healthy and stave off illnesses. Person 1: "Why do you eat an apple every day?" Person 2: "An apple a day keeps the doctor away.". Eating an apple a day helps one to stay healthy. Eating an apple a day doesn't help one to stay healthy
there is an exception to every rule. usually said in a situation when the rule is incorrect and unusable. Person 1: "I heard that you never eat fast food, is that true?"  Person 2: "Yes, but there is an exception to every rule. Sometimes I just can't resist a good burger.". Eating fast food once in a while is not ok. Eating fast food once in a while is ok
there is nothing new under the sun. there is nothing truly novel in existence; every new idea has some sort of precedent or echo from the past. Person 1: "Have you heard about the latest trend?"  Person 2: "No, what is it?"  Person 1: "It's all about eating only raw food."  Person 2: "Oh, that's been around for a while. There is nothing new under the sun.". Eating only raw food is not a new trend. Eating only raw food is a new trend
every day is a school day. you learn something new every day. Person 1: "I never knew that fact before!" Person 2: "See, every day is a school day.". It is rare to learn something every day. Expect to learn something every day
the chickens come home to roost. (idiomatic) a person's past wrongdoings will return to negatively affect them. Person 1: "I heard you cheated on your exam, did you get caught?"  Person 2: "No, but I failed the next one. I guess the chickens come home to roost.". Failing the second exam is a negative consequence of cheating on the first exam. Failing the second exam is unrelated to cheating on the first exam
neither a borrower nor a lender be. it is not good to borrow money from anybody, lest you will lose their trust and friendship. Person 1: "Hey, I need 100 dollars for a game. Can I borrow some money from you? " Person 2: "Neither a borrower nor a lender be.". Person 2 wants to lent money to person 1. Person 2 does not want to lent money to person 1
it's a man's world. society is organized in a manner that gives preferential status to males; most positions of authority are occupied by men. Person 1: "Why are there so few women in leadership positions?"  Person 2: "I am sorry, but unfortunately, it's a man's world.". Gender bias is the reason for few women in leadership. Gender bias is not the reason for few women in leadership
well begun is half done. much depends on the beginning of an endeavor. Person 1: "I'm feeling overwhelmed with this project. I don't even know where to start."  Person 2: "Just start with one small task. Remember, well begun is half done.". Person 1 could focus on getting a bigger task done well later to build confidence. Person 1 could focus on getting a small task done well first to build confidence
early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise. a person who goes to bed early and wakes up early will lead a more successful life. Person 1: "What time do you usually go to bed?"  Person 2: "I try to go to bed by 10 pm. Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.". Going to bed early will have many benefits. Going to bed early will not have many benefits
the early bird gets the worm. whoever arrives first has the best chance of success; some opportunities are available only to the first competitors. Person 1: "Why do we have to wake up at 5:00am and line up for the concert tickets?"  Person 2: "The early bird gets the worm.". Person 2 thinks they will not get tickets for concert if they wake up early. Person 2 thinks they will get tickets for concert if they wake up early
birds of a feather flock together. (idiomatic) people of similar character, background, racial group or taste tend to congregate or associate with one another. Person 1: "I noticed you and John have been hanging out a lot lately."  Person 2: "Yeah, birds of a feather flock together.". Having commonalities is why person 2 is hanging out with John. Having commonalities is not why Person 2 is hanging out with John
home is where the heart is. one's true home is where one feels happiest. Person 1: "I can't wait to move to a bigger house with a bigger yard." Person 2: "But don't forget, home is where the heart is.". House size does matter. House size doesn't matter
you can't step in the same river twice. (idiomatic) it is not possible to repeat past experiences, as time changes all things. Person 1: "I miss how things used to be."  Person 2: "You know what they say, you can't step in the same river twice.". How things used to be is gone. How things used to be may come back
a promise made is a promise kept. a promise that one makes should be or can be considered a promise that one will certainly honor. Person 1: "Hey, can you do me a favor and pick up some milk on your way home?"  Person 2: "Sure thing, I promise I won't forget."  Person 1: "Thanks, I really appreciate it."  Person 2: "No problem, a promise made is a promise kept.". I will not keep my promise. I will keep my promise
a moment on the lips, a lifetime on the hips. (dieting) indulgence in food and drink gives a brief period of sensory pleasure but tends to increase one's body weight in the long term. Person 1: "I'm thinking of getting a second serving of dessert."  Person 2: "Remember, a moment on the lips, a lifetime on the hips.". Person 2 warns person 1 to not get a second serving due to health reasons. Person 2 warns person 1 to get a second serving right away due to health reasons
money does not smell. the value of money is not affected by the business it comes from, even from the most unpleasant one. Person 1: "I heard you made a fortune selling fish."  Person 2: "Yeah, it was a smelly business, but money does not smell.". It matters how money is made. It doesn't matter how money is made
age is just a number. age is not an important attribute about a person. Person 1: "I can't believe I'm turning 30 next week."  Person 2: "Age is just a number.". It doesn't matter how old person 1 is. It mattes how old Person 1 is
it takes a village to raise a child. an entire community of people must provide for, and interact positively with, children in order for those children to grow up healthily and safely. Person 1: "I don't think parents should be solely responsible for their child's upbringing."  Person 2: "You know what they say? It takes a village to raise a child.". Person 2 agrees it takes just the parents to raise a child. Person 2 agrees it takes more than just the parents to raise a child
an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure. it is better to prevent a disease than to have to cure it. Person 1: "I forgot to backup my important files and now my computer crashed!"  Person 2: "That's why you should always back up your files regularly. An ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure.". It is better to back up important files than go through the trouble of recovering them. It is unnecessary to back up important files since it is easy to recover them
it never rains but it pours. unfortunate events occur in quantity. Person 1: "I just got a flat tire on my way to work."  Person 2: "That's too bad. Did you call for help?"  Person 1: "Yes, but now I'm also getting a call from the boss saying I'm late for an important meeting."  Person 2: "It never rains but it pours.". It is rare for Person 1 to face multiple unfortunate events. It is common for Person 1 to face multiple unfortunate events
history repeats itself. things that have happened in the past will or tend to happen again in one way or another. Person 1: "I can't believe it. We had re-orgs in 2020, 2021, 2022 and now we are going to have one again?!"  Person 2: "Well, history repeats itself.". It is common for problems to repeat. It is unusual for problems to repeat
a little knowledge is a dangerous thing. a small amount of knowledge can mislead individuals into believing that they are more experienced and expert than what is actually the case. Person 1: "I think I know everything there is to know about stock trading. I am ready to do investments!"  Person 2: "A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.". It is not dangerous to be overconfident, person 1 may make a lot of  money. It is dangerous to get overconfident, person 1 may lose money
on the Internet nobody knows you're a dog. (humorous) it is easy to conceal one's identity on the internet. Person 1: "I can't believe how easy it is to pretend to be someone else online."  Person 2: "Yeah, on the Internet nobody knows you're a dog.". It is easy to pretend to be someone else on the internet. It is hard to pretend to be someone else on the internet
no good deed ever goes unpunished. beneficial actions often go unappreciated or are met with outright hostility. Person 1: "I volunteered at the animal shelter all weekend."  Person 2: "That's great! Did you have fun?"  Person 1: "Yeah, but now I'm covered in scratches and bruises."  Person 2: "Awwww, no good deed ever goes unpunished.". It is surprising that Person 1 suffered a bit while doing good. It is expected that Person 1 should suffer a bit for doing good
happy wife, happy life. if you keep your wife happy, you will avoid trouble. Person 1: "What are you doing today?"  Person 2: "Taking my wife out for a nice dinner."  Person 1: "Why bother?"  Person 2: "Happy wife, happy life.". Person 2 wants to make his wife happy. Person 2 wants to make his wife unhappy
a leopard cannot change its spots. one cannot change one's own nature. Person 1: "I heard that John is trying to change his ways."  Person 2: "Well, a leopard cannot change its spots.". It it easy for John to change his ways. It is hard for John to change his ways
a chain is only as strong as its weakest link. an organization is only as strong or powerful as its weakest person. Person 1: "I don't understand why we have to keep training the new guy. He's slowing us down."  Person 2: "Well, a chain is only as strong as its weakest link. ". It is important to train the new guy to help the team as a whole. It is not important to train the new guy because it doesn't help the team
the pen is mightier than the sword. (idiomatic, metonymically) more influence and power can be usurped by writing than by fighting. Person 1: "I think we should fight back with force!" Person 2: "Have you thought about the pen is mightier than the sword?". Person 2 suggest to fight back with violence. Person 2 suggest to fight back in writing
you win some, you lose some. everybody experiences some successes and some failures. Person 1: "I can't believe I lost that game."  Person 2: "Well, you win some, you lose some.". It is normal to lose. It is not normal to lose
if all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. with limited tools, single-minded people apply them inappropriately or indiscriminately. Person 1: "I think we should use the same strategy for every project we work on."  Person 2: "If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.". Person 2 suggests person 1 to use same strategies for different project. Person 2 suggests person 1 to use different strategies for different project
two wrongs don't make a right. (ethics) a wrongful action is not a morally appropriate way to correct or cancel a previous wrongful action. Person 1: "He stole my wallet, so I'm going to steal his phone."  Person 2: "No, don't do that. Two wrongs don't make a right.". It is wrong for Person 1 to steal the phone. It is right for Person 1 to steal the phone
it takes all sorts. ellipsis of it takes all sorts to make a world. Person 1: "Did you hear that John quit his job to become a clown?"  Person 2: "Really? Well, it takes all sorts.". It is strange that John became a clown. It is not strange that John became a clown
fine feathers make fine birds. (idiomatic) something that appears beautiful or good is by definition beautiful or good. Person 1: "Not only is Luke handsome, but his work is top notch, really incredible stuff." Person 2: "Of course! Don't you know that fine feathers make fine birds.". It is not surprise that Luke is good. It is surprise that Luke is good
one man's meat is another man's poison. people have differing tastes; what pleases one person may displease another. Person 1: "I can't stand spicy food, it's just too much for me."  Person 2: "Really? I love spicy food, it gives everything so much flavor."  Person 1: "Well, one man's meat is another man's poison.". It is unusual for people to disagree on liking spicy food. It is usual for people to disagree on liking spicy food
those that have, get. people who already have wealth and status are the most likely to acquire additional wealth and status (usually with the implication that the distribution of life's benefits and opportunities is unfair). Person 1: "I can't believe he got another promotion. He already has so much success."  Person 2: "Well, you know what they say, those that have, get.". It is common for the successful person to get even more success. It is unusual for the successful person to get more success
the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry. no matter how well a project is planned, accidents or misfortune can still happen with it. Person 1: "I thought everything was going according to plan."  Person 2: "Don't be naive. The best laid plans of mice and men often go awry.". It is unusual for things to stray from the plan. It is not unusual for things to stray from the plan
that's the way it goes. that is the way things happen. Person 1: "I can't believe I lost all my money in the stock market." Person 2: "I am sorry, that's the way it goes.". It is not unusual to lose a lot of money in the stock market. It is unusual to lose a lot of money in the stock market
turnabout is fair play. it is allowable to retaliate against an enemy's dirty tricks by using the same ones against them. Person 1: "I can't believe you pranked me like that!" Person 2: "Well, you did it to me first." Person 1: "Yeah, but I didn't think you'd actually do it back to me." Person 2: "Turnabout is fair play.". It is not ok that Person 2 did the prank, even though Person 1 did it first. It is ok that Person 2 did the prank, since Person 1 did it first
different strokes for different folks. different people like different things; there's no accounting for taste. Person 1: "I can't believe you like pineapple on your pizza." Person 2: "Hey, different strokes for different folks.". It is ok that someone likes pineapple on pizza. It is strange that someone likes pineapple on pizza
good artists copy, great artists steal. it is better to selectively incorporate elements of other people's work rather than copying them wholesale. Person 1: "I really like your outfit, where did you come up with it?"  Person 2: "I didn't, I stole the idea from a fashion blogger."  Person 1: "Isn't that wrong?"  Person 2: "Good artists copy, great artists steal.". It is not ok to steal the outfit idea. It is ok to steal the outfit idea
fingers were made before forks. a lighthearted excuse for using one's hands to pick up food while eating. Person 1: "Don't you have a fork? I want to eat pizza."  Person 2: "Fingers were made before forks.". Person 2 suggests using their hands to eat pizza. Person 2 suggests not using their hands to eat pizza
all's fair in love and war. unpleasant behavior is acceptable during love and conflict. Person A: "I can't believe you stole my crush!"  Person B: "Hey, all's fair in love and war.". It is not ok to use unethical tactics when it comes to love. It is ok to use unethical tactics when it comes to love
the fox may grow grey but never good. one cannot change one's nature, no matter how much time passes. Person 1: "I heard that John got a promotion at work." Person 2: "Really? That doesn't surprise me. He's always been cunning and manipulative." Person 1: "Yeah, but I hope he learns to be more ethical in his new position." Person 2: "Well, the fox may grow grey but never good.". It is unlikely that John will become more ethical. It is likely that John will become more ethical
when it rains, it pours. unfortunate events occur in streaks or clusters, often in short periods of time. Person 1: "I lost my job and then my car broke down."  Person 2: "Wow, that's tough."  Person 1: "Yeah, when it rains, it pours.". It is unusual for bad things to happen so close to each other. It is usual for bad things to happen so close to each other
old habits die hard. (idiomatic) established habits are difficult to change. Person 1: "I thought you quit smoking?"  Person 2: "I did, but I still crave it sometimes."  Person 1: "Why don't you just quit for good?"  Person 2: "Old habits die hard.". It is very difficult for Person 2 to quite smoking. It is easy for Person 2 to quit smoking
the road to hell is paved with good intentions. well-intended acts can potentially lead to disasters. Person A: "I really thought I was helping by giving him money, but now he's dependent on me."  Person B: "Remember, the road to hell is paved with good intentions.". It was a good idea to give him money. It was not a good idea to give him money
knowledge is power. scientia potentia est; with knowledge and/or education, one's potential or ability to succeed in the pursuit of one's objectives will certainly increase. Person A: "Hey, have you heard about the new technology that's going to revolutionize the industry? We just experimented with it and our efficiency increased by 10-fold!"  Person B: "Wow, that sounds amazing. I need to learn more about it."  Person A: "Absolutely. Knowledge is power.". It will be beneficial for Person B to learn more about the new technology. It will not be beneficial for Person B to learn about the new technology
it takes a heap of living to make a house a home. (chiefly us) a house is simply a physical structure and does not count as a home until significant events in the inhabitants' lives have occurred there over a substantial period of time, and they have developed an emotional bond to the house and its immediate environs. Person 1: "I just moved into my new house, but it still doesn't quite feel like home."  Person 2: "It takes a heap of living to make a house a home.". It will not take much time or events for the house to feel like home. It will take some time and events for the house to feel like home
Great minds think alike. ellipsis of great minds think alike. Person 1: "I was just thinking about ordering pizza for dinner tonight." Person 2: "Great minds think alike.". It's a nice coincidence that they both wanted pizza. It's nothing special that they both wanted pizza
so far so good. (idiomatic) up to this point, all is ok. Person 1: "How's your day been?"  Person 2: "Great! I finished all my work early and got to leave on time. So far so good.". It has not been a good day. It's been a good day
it's better to be judged by twelve than to be carried by six. in a precarious situation, it is wiser to act decisively and be judged by a jury than to be killed through inaction. Person 1: "Why did you bring a gun to the meet?"  Person 2: "I always carry for protection. It's better to be judged by twelve than to be carried by six.". It's better to use the gun than be killed. It is no better to use the gun than to be dead
kids will be kids. (informal) children cannot be expected to act like adults. Person 1: "I can't believe they broke the vase again."  Person 2: "Well, they were playing ball in the house. Kids will be kids.". It's not expected the the kids broke the vase. It's expected that the kids broke the vase
it takes all kinds. ellipsis of it takes all kinds to make a world. Person 1: "I can't believe some people actually enjoy eating spicy food."  Person 2: "Well, it takes all kinds.". It's not unusual for others to like spicy food. It is unusual for others to like spicy food
to err is human. everyone makes mistakes. Person 1: "I can't believe I made such a silly mistake."  Person 2: "Don't worry about it, to err is human.". It is unusual to make a mistake. It's not unusual to make a mistake
it's better to ask forgiveness than permission. it is better to act decisively and apologize for it later than to seek approval to act and risk delay, objections, etc. Person 1: "Hey, did you ask the boss before leaving early yesterday?"  Person 2: "No, it's better to ask forgiveness than permission.". It's ok to not ask for permission to leave early. It's bad to not ask for permission to leave early
rules are made to be broken. it is acceptable to break rules. Person 1: "I can't believe you let your team members work from home despite the new policy of returning to office!"  Person 2: "Rules are made to be broken.". It's bad to work from home. It's ok to work from home
if wishes were horses, beggars would ride. a response to someone wishing for something, conveying that merely wishing for something has no effect or is of no use. Person 1: "I wish I could win the lottery and never have to work again."  Person 2: "If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.". It's pointless to wish to win the lottery. It's not pointless to wish to win the lottery
people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. do not criticize others if you have similar weaknesses yourself. Person 1: "Did you hear about Jane? She was gossiping about everyone at the party last night."  Person 2: "Well, people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.". Jane does not have a lot of gossip about her. Jane likely has a lot of gossip about her
speak of the devil and he appears. (idiomatic)  of speak of the devil. Person 1: "Have you seen John lately?" Person 2: "No, I haven't. Why?" Person 1: "I was just thinking about him." Person 2: "Speak of the devil and he appears!". John appears. John does not appear
he who digs a pit for others falls in himself. someone that plans harm or misfortune for others may also inadvertently be the recipient of that same misfortune. Person A: "Did you hear about John? He got fired from his job for spreading rumors about his coworker."  Person B: "Wow, that's not surprising. He who digs a pit for others falls in himself.". John did not deserve to be fired for his harmful actions. John deserved to be fired for his harmful actions
there are two sides to every story. of there are two sides to every question. Person 1: "I heard that John got fired from his job for no reason!"  Person 2: "Well, I heard that John was always late and didn't complete his work on time. There are two sides to every story.". John was probably fired for a valid reason. John was probably fired for a random reason
he that mischief hatches, mischief catches. people who behave wickedly receive their just deserts. Person 1: "I heard that John was planning on pulling a prank on his boss." Person 2: "Well, he that mischief hatches, mischief catches.". John will not suffer consequences for his prank. John will suffer consequences for his prank
little pitchers have big ears. small children often overhear more of what is said than adults realize or desire. Person 1: "I don't want to talk about it in front of the kids." Person 2: "Why?" Person 1: "Little pitchers have big ears.". Kids may overhear the conversation. Kids will not hear the conversation
forewarned is forearmed. advance awareness of a situation, especially a risky one, prepares one to deal with it. Person A: "I heard there's going to be a pop quiz tomorrow."  Person B: "Thanks for telling me. Forewarned is forearmed.". Knowing about the quiz tomorrow will not be helpful. Knowing about the quiz tomorrow will be helpful
scientia potentia est. knowledge is power; with knowledge or education, one's potential or abilities in life will certainly increase. Person 1: "Do you study so hard?"  Person 2: "Because scientia potentia est.". Knowledge will lead to a better life. Knowledge may lead to a terrible life
many hands make light work. a large number of people co-operating can perform tasks easily. Person A: "This project seems overwhelming, how are we going to get it done?" Person B: "Don't worry, many hands make light work.". Person A will continue to work on the project alone. Many people will work on the project together
too much pudding will choke a dog. one can have too much of a good thing. Person A: "Hey, do you want some desserts after the hi-tea?" Person B: "Thanks, but too much pudding will choke a dog.". More sweets will make Person A feel bad. More sweets will make Person A feel good
like mother, like daughter. (idiomatic) a daughter will have traits similar to her mother upon reaching adulthood. Person 1: "I heard your daughter is a great cook!"  Person 2: "She learned from the best! Like mother, like daughter!". Mother is a bad cook. Mother is a great cook
the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world. women, particularly mothers, have a decisive influence on the future direction of society because they raise and nurture the next generation. Person 1: "I don't understand why you're always talking about the importance of motherhood."  Person 2: "As they say, the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world.". Person 2 thinks motherhood is important. Person 2 thinks motherhood is less important
once a man, twice a child. a man is born as a child, grows to adulthood, and consequently enters old age, when he deteriorates and reverts to a childish state. Person 1: "Did you hear about Mr. Johnson? He's in a nursing home now."  Person 2: "Wow, that's sad. It's true what they say, once a man, twice a child.". Mr. Johnson in old age is not being taken care of like a child. Mr. Johnson in old age is being taken care of like a child
bad news travels fast. bad news circulates quickly because people often spread it everywhere. Person 1: "Have you heard? Bob got into an accident on the highway. A big truck collided with his car, and there were casualties. It happend just 30 mins ago."  Person 2: "That's terrible, but bad news travels fast. ". Person 2 probably already heard of Bob's accident. Person 2 probably didn't hear Bob's accident
everything old is new again. old fashions return to being popular. Person 1: "Have you seen the new fashion trends lately?"  Person 2: "Yes, it's funny how everything old is new again.". New fashion trends do not seem to follow old trends. New fashion trends seem to repeat old trends
fair exchange is no robbery. swapping two things or subjects of equal value is considered an honest deal. Person 1: "Can I borrow your pen?"  Person 2: "Sure, can I borrow your notebook?"  Person 1: "Fair exchange is no robbery.". Person 1 will lend the notebook to person 2. Person 1 will not lend the notebook to person 2
the course of true love never did run smooth. there will always be problems in a romantic relationship. Person 1: "I thought everything was going well between you and John. What happened?"  Person 2: "We had a big argument about something silly and now he won't talk to me."  Person 1: "You know what they say, the course of true love never did run smooth.". Problems are not expected in romantic relationships. Occasional problems are expected in romantic relationships
a good deed is its own reward. one should not expect a reward for good deeds, but should perform them merely for the satisfaction of doing so. Person 1: "Why did you help that old lady cross the street?"  Person 2: "She looked quite frail and its a busy street." Person 1: "Did she give you a reward?" Person 2: "A good deed is its own reward.". One does not need a reward for doing good. One needs to be rewarded for doing good
eat, drink and be merry for tomorrow we die. life is short, so you should enjoy it while you can. Person 1: "I am panicking about the future. AI is going to take all our jobs?"  Person 2: "Let's just eat, drink and be merry for tomorrow we die.". One should not enjoying life in the moment and worry about the future. One should enjoy life in the moment and not worry about the future
a friend in need is a friend indeed. if a friend helps you when you are in need, they are a true friend. Person 1: "Hey, can you lend me some money?" Person 2: "Of course, how much do you need?" Person 1: "Just $20, thanks so much!" Person 2: "No problem, a friend in need is a friend indeed.". One who helps out a friend is a true friend. One who does not help out a friend is a true friend
the laborer is worthy of his hire. people deserve to be rewarded for their efforts. Person 1: "Can you believe they're asking for volunteers to work overtime without pay?"  Person 2: "They do so much! The laborer is worthy of his hire.". Overtime work should be free. Overtime work should be paid
revolutions are not made with rosewater. transformative changes require sacrifice. Person 1: "I don't want to get my hands dirty. Can't we just peacefully protest?"  Person 2: "Sorry, but revolutions are not made with rosewater.". Peaceful protest is insufficient. Peaceful protest is sufficient
gender is between your ears, not between your legs. gender only exists as a social construct, and is not confined to one's birth sex. Person 1: "I don't understand why people can't just stick to the gender they were born with." Person 2: "Gender is between your ears, not between your legs.". People cannot choose a different gender as their biological gender. People can choose a different gender as their biological gender
the wolf may lose his teeth but never his nature. one cannot change one's nature, no matter how much time passes. Person 1: "Did you hear about the boss? He got demoted." Person 2: "Oh wow. Do you think he will change his ways?"  Person 1: "The wolf may lose his teeth but never his nature.". People can't change their ways. People can change their ways
it's an ill bird that fouls its own nest. a condemnation of anyone who damages his or her own interests, reputation, or group. Person 1: "I can't believe they're littering in their own neighborhood."  Person 2: "Yeah, it's an ill bird that fouls its own nest.". People may litter in their neighbourhood. People should not litter in their own neighbourhood
when the cat's away the mice will play. in the absence of a controlling entity, subordinates will take advantage of circumstances. Person 1: "Hey, have you seen the boss around lately?"  Person 2: "Nope, haven't seen him all day."  Person 1: "Well, I guess when the cat's away the mice will play.". People will start slacking off. People will start working hard
being poor is a mindset. of poverty is a state of mind. Person 1: "I wish I had enough money to travel the world like you do."  Person 2: "You have an office job, no kids, no debt! Being poor is a mindset. ". Person 1 cannot afford to travel. Person 1 can afford to travel
there is strength in numbers. there is more strength in groups than individuals. Person 1: "I don't think I can do this project by myself." Person 2: "Don't worry, we're in this together. Remember, there is strength in numbers.". Person 1 can do it with more people's help. Person 1 still cannot do it even with more people's help
practice makes perfect. if one practices an activity enough, one will eventually master it. Person 1: "I'm not very good at playing the piano."  Person 2: "Don't worry, practice makes perfect.". Person 1 will not get better at piano, even if they practice. Person 1 can get better at piano if they practice more
an old dog for a hard road. it takes an experienced person to execute a difficult undertaking. Person 1: "I'm not sure if I can handle this new job." Person 2: "Remember, it's not your first rodeo. You're like an old dog for a hard road.". Person 1 can handle the new job, because of experience. Person 1 cannot handle the new job, regardless of experience
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. hardship builds moral character. Person 1: "I can't believe I failed my exam again."  Person 2: "Don't worry, what doesn't kill you makes you stronger.". Person 1 will not benefit from his failed exam. Person 1 can learn and be better from his failed exam
where there is a will. ellipsis of where there is a will there is a way. Person 1: "I really want to learn how to play the guitar, but I don't think I have the talent for it."  Person 2: " Where there is a will, there is a way.". Person 1 can learn to play the guitar even without much talent. Person 1 cannot learn to play the guitar, because they don't have much talent
wherever you go, there you are. (colloquial) one cannot run from one's problems indefinitely. Person 1: "I can't seem to escape my problems."  Person 2: "Well, wherever you go, there you are.". Person 1 can avoid their problems. Person 1 cannot avoid their problems
every silver lining has a cloud. every good situation has the potential to turn bad. Person 1: "I just got a promotion at work!" Person 2: "That's great news! Congratulations!" Person 1: "Thanks, but now I'll have to work longer hours and deal with more stress." Person 2: "Well, every silver lining has a cloud.". Person 1 cannot be promoted without some negative consequences. Person 1 can be promoted without some negative consequences
two's company and three is none. of two's company, three's a crowd. Person 1: "Hey, can I join you guys for lunch?"  Person 2: "Actually, we were hoping for some alone time. Two's company and three is none.". Person 1 can join for lunch. Person 1 cannot join for lunch
you can't unring a bell. some things cannot be undone. Person 1: "I wish I hadn't said that."  Person 2: "Well, you can't unring a bell.". Person 1 cannot take back what they said. Person 1 can take back what they said
play stupid games, win stupid prizes. (humorous) if one makes poor decisions one should expect negative consequences. Person 1: "I can't believe I got a speeding ticket for going 20 over the limit."  Person 2: "Why did you do it? Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.". Person 1 does not deserve the ticket. Person 1 deserves the ticket
one bad turn deserves another. one act of malice should be paid back by another act of malice. Person 1: "Why did you steal my lunch from the fridge?"  Person 2: "Because you took the last donut yesterday."  Person 1: "What does that have to do with anything?" Person 2: "Well, one bad turn deserves another.". Person 1 deserves to have their lunch stolen. Person 1 does not deserve to have their lunch stolen
a problem shared is a problem halved. a problem discussed by many people makes it easier to be solved. Person 1: "I'm feeling really stressed lately."  Person 2: "Why don't you talk to someone about it?"  Person 1: "I don't want to burden anyone."  Person 2: "Remember, a problem shared is a problem halved.". Person 1 discussing their problem will not reduce their stress. Person 1 discussing their problem will reduce their stress
there are none so blind as those who will not see. understanding cannot be forced on someone who chooses to be ignorant. Person 1: "I don't understand why my relationship keeps failing."  Person 2: "Maybe you're not seeing the red flags?"  Person 1: "What red flags?"  Person 2: "Exactly. There are none so blind as those who will not see.". Person 1 does not see red flags in their relationships. Person 1 sees the red flags in their relationships
failure to prepare is preparing to fail. failing to prepare will cause one to lose or fail. Person 1: "I can't believe I failed the test."  Person 2: "Did you study?"  Person 1: "No, I didn't have time."  Person 2: "Well, failure to prepare is preparing to fail.". Person 1 failed but not because they did not prepare well. Person 1 failed because they did not prepare well
he who smelt it dealt it. (colloquial, originally) a person who calls attention to or complains about a flatus is likely trying to pretend it wasn't their own. Person 1: "Ew, what's that smell?"  Person 2: "I don't know, but he who smelt it dealt it.". Person 1 farted. Person 1 did not fart
too much bed makes a dull head. too much inactivity makes one less mentally acute. Person 1: "I slept for 12 hours last night, I feel so lazy."  Person 2: "Well, too much bed makes a dull head.". Person 1 feels lazy because they slept too little. Person 1 feels lazy because their slept too much
a fool and his money are soon parted. it is easy to get money from foolish people. Person 1: "I just spent all my savings on this new phone."  Person 2: "Well, a fool and his money are soon parted.". Person 1 is bad at saving money. Person 1 is good at saving money
once bitten, twice shy. one is cautious if one has been hurt in the past. Person 1: "I don't think I want to invest in that company again." Person 2: "Why not? They had great returns last year." Person 1: "I lost a lot of money when they went bankrupt. Once bitten, twice shy.". Person 1 wants to invest in that company again. Person 1 is cautious about investing in that company again
garbage in, garbage out. (computing, information technology, translation studies) if input data are not complete, accurate, and timely, then the resulting output is unreliable and of no useful value. Person 1: "I don't understand why my computer isn't working properly."  Person 2: "Did you input the correct data?"  Person 1: "I'm not sure."  Person 2: "Well, remember, garbage in, garbage out.". Person 1 is likely feeding their compute bad data. Person 1 is not likely to be feeding their computer bad data
marry in haste, repent at leisure. getting married too soon will lead to a bad marriage. Person 1: "I just met this amazing guy and we're getting married next week!"  Person 2: "Remember, marry in haste, repent at leisure.". Person 1 is not marrying too soon and will not face negative consequences. Person 1 is marrying too soon and may suffer negative consequences
you're never too old to learn. it is possible to learn new things, at any age; follow your desires and dreams. Person 1: "I'm too old to try to learn French." Person 2: "You're never too old to learn.". Person 1 is not too old to learn French. Person 1 is too old to learn French
no man is an island. all people are connected to and dependent on other people. Person 1: "I don't need anyone's help, I can do it all on my own."  Person 2: "But remember, no man is an island.". Person 1 is fine to continue by themselves. Person 1 is overconfident in their own abilities and likely need help from other people
as you make your bed, so you must lie in it. you shall carry the negative consequences of your not having prepared properly. Person 1: "I can't believe I failed that test. It's not fair!"  Person 2: "How much did you study for it?" Person 1: "Not much. I stayed up to play video games last night." Person 2: "Well, as you make your bed, so you must lie in it.". Person 1 is responsible for failing their test. Person 1 is not resposible for failing their test
you make the bed you lie in. a person's circumstances are normally the result of their own actions. Person 1: "I can't believe I'm in this mess."  Person 2: "Well, you make the bed you lie in.". Person 1 is not responsible for the mess they're in. Person 1 is responsible for the mess they're in
when the cat's away. ellipsis of when the cat's away, the mice will play. Person 1: "Hey, have you seen the boss around?"  Person 2: "Nope, why?"  Person 1: "I was thinking of taking a longer lunch break today."  Person 2: "Ah, I see. When the cat's away...". Person 1 is slacking off because the boss is away. Person 1 is working hard because the boss is away
in the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king. even someone with limited abilities or opportunities is dominant over, and considered special by, those who have even fewer abilities and opportunities; the value of any ability depends on its prevalence. Person 1: "My boss is not the best at this, but everyone else seems to be struggling too."  Person 2: "Well, in the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.". Person 1's boss is not the best. Person 1's boss is still the best person
necessity is the mother of invention. a person who is in great need of something will find a way to obtain it. Person 1: "I can't find my phone charger anywhere!"  Person 2: "Why don't you just buy a new one?"  Person 1: "I don't want to spend the money."  Person 2: "Well, necessity is the mother of invention.". Person 1 may be able to think of a creative solution. Person 1 will not be able to come up with a solution
a new broom sweeps clean. (figurative) new management will often make radical changes. Person 1: "I'm really worried about the new boss. I've been slacking off at work for years." Person 2: "Yeah, a new broom sweeps clean. Can I have your desk?". Person 1 will not be fired because of the new boss. Person 1 may be fired because of the new boss
every stick has two ends. every situation has two sides. Person 1: "I can't believe she's always so mean to me."  Person 2: "Have you ever considered that maybe you're not so nice to her either?"  Person 1: "I guess you're right. Every stick has two ends.". Person 1 may have been mean to their friend. Person 1 may have been nice to their friend
the grass is always greener on the other side. others' circumstances seem more desirable than one's own but in reality often are not. Person 1: "I wish I had a bigger house like my neighbor's, my life will be happier."  Person 2: "The grass is always greener on the other side.". Person 1 will be happier if they wish came true. Person 1 may not be happier if their wish came true
money can't buy happiness. money can purchase external things, but true happiness comes from within oneself. Person 1: "I wish I had more money."  Person 2: "Remember, money can't buy happiness.". Person 1 may not be happier with more money. Person 1 will be happier with more money
use it or lose it. skills or knowledge that are seldom applied are likely to be lost with time. Person 1: "I haven't played the piano in years." Person 2: "You should start playing again. Use it or lose it.". Person 1 will not forget how to play the piano. Person 1 may soon forget how to play the piano
money is the root of all evil. the desire for money is the root cause of all evil. Person 1: "I just got a big promotion at work and now I can finally afford that luxury car I've been eyeing."  Person 2: "Be careful, you know what they say, money is the root of all evil.". Person 1 may turn evil with more money. Person 1 is unlikely to turn evil with more money
you can't take it with you. it is not possible to take one's material wealth or possessions to whatever world may await one after death. Person 1: "I'm saving up all my money for retirement. I want to have a comfortable life when I'm older."  Person 2: "But you can't take it with you.". Person 1 might not have a lot of money left by the time they die. Person 1 might have a lot of money left by the time they die
it takes two to make a quarrel. (ethics, idiomatic) it takes two or more people to cause a quarrel; one cannot blame an argument entirely on the other side. Person 1: "I can't believe she's still mad at me for something so small."  Person 2: "Did you apologize?"  Person 1: "No, why should I? It wasn't even my fault."  Person 2: "It takes two to make a quarrel. Maybe try talking to her and see if you can work it out.". Person 1 should apologize to diffuse the situation. Person 1 should not apologize and not diffuse the situation
nothing ventured, nothing gained. if one takes no risks, one will not gain any benefits. Person 1: "I'm not sure if I should apply for that job. It seems like a long shot."  Person 2: "Nothing ventured, nothing gained.". Person 1 should not apply for the job. Person 1 should apply for the job
take time by the forelock. to seize an opportunity. Person 1: "I don't know if I should apply for that job. What if I don't get it?"  Person 2: "Take time by the forelock.". Person 1 should apply for the job. Person 1 should not apply for the job
you miss 100% of the shots you don't take. to make no attempt to do something guarantees failure, so you should always try. Person 1: "I'm not sure if I should apply for the job. I don't think I'm qualified."  Person 2: "Well, you miss 100% of the shots you don't take.". Person 1 should not apply for the job. Person 1 should apply for the job
faint heart never won fair lady. one must take risks in order to achieve a goal; success requires enterprise. Person 1: "I'm too nervous to ask her out."  Person 2: "Come on, man. Faint heart never won fair lady.". Person 1 should be brave and ask the woman out. Person 1 should not be brave and ask the woman out
no guts, no glory. success will not be achieved without hard work and struggle. Person 1: "I'm not sure if I should take the risk and apply for the job." Person 2: "Come on, no guts, no glory!". Person 1 should not be brave and not apply to the job. Person 1 should be brave and take a risk if they want success
clogs to clogs in three generations. (uk) wealth earned in one generation seldom lasts through the third (grandchild's) generation. Person 1: "I just inherited a huge fortune from my grandparents!" Person 2: "That's great, but remember, clogs to clogs in three generations.". Person 1 should be careful and not lose their inherited fortune. Person 1 does not need to be careful with their inherited fortune
a cat in gloves catches no mice. one cannot obtain what one desires by being cautious; one must be aggressive. Person 1: "I've been so considerate and never complain, but still my boss doesn't recognize my accomplishments." Person 2: "A cat in gloves catches no mice.". Person 1 should complain less to get recognition. Person 1 should complain more to get recognition
dance with the one that brought you. (chiefly us and canada) be considerate and loyal to the one who has been supportive, attentive, or helpful to you. Person 1: "I'm thinking about switching to a different political party." Person 2: "Remember, dance with the one that brought you.". Person 1 should be loyal to their current party. Person 1 should not be loyal to their current party
every man is the architect of his own fortune. each person is the chief cause of their success or failure in life. Person 1: "I wish I had more money and success in life."  Person 2: "Don't rely on luck or anyone else, every man is the architect of his own fortune.". Person 1 should not be accountable for their successes and life. Person 1 should be more accountable for their successes and life
if you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time. if you have no ambition, you will have no success. Person 1: "I don't know what I want to do with my life. But I want to be successful and rich!"  Person 2: "Well, if you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time.". Person 1 should be more ambitious in their life. Person 1 should stay unambitious in their life
you only get what you give. there is a positive correlation between the effort one puts in and the benefits one receives. Person 1: "I wish I had more friends."  Person 2: "Remember, you only get what you give.". Person 1 should be more hostile. Person 1 should be more friendly
heaven helps those who help themselves. a maxim encouraging people to attempt to solve their own problems. Person 1: "I can't seem to find a job. I've been applying everywhere."  Person 2: "Have you tried networking?"  Person 1: "No, I'm not really good at that."  Person 2: "Well, heaven helps those who help themselves.". Person 1 should be more proactive at networking. Person 1 should be less proactive at networking
patience is a virtue. it is better to be patient than impatient. Person 1: "I'm so frustrated, why won't this work?" Person 2: "Just keep trying, patience is a virtue.". Person 1 should not be patient. Person 1 should be patient and things will work
slow and steady wins the race. patient work will eventually conquer any problem. Person 1: "I'm feeling overwhelmed with all these tasks I need to complete."  Person 2: "Slow and steady wins the race.". Person 1 should be patient and work steadily. Person 1 should be impatient and work in a rush
when the going gets tough, the tough get going. in difficult times, it is the strong-willed who take action. Person 1: "I don't think I can handle this project anymore." Person 2: "Remember, when the going gets tough, the tough get going.". Person 1 should not be strong. Person 1 should be strong
better safe than sorry. it is preferable to be cautious in one's choices and actions than to act recklessly and suffer afterwards. Person 1: "Do you think we should bring an umbrella?" Person 2: "I don't think it's going to rain, but better safe than sorry.". Person 1 should bring the umbrella. Person 1 should not bring an umbrella
charity begins at home. one should help the people closest to oneself before thinking of helping others. Person 1: "I want to donate all my money to charity."  Person 2: "That's very generous of you, but don't forget that charity begins at home.". Person 1 should not consider donating to their family first. Person 1 should consider donating to their family first
make it do or do without. if you don't have a lot of money, extend the life of what you have. Person 1: "I really wish I had a new phone with all the latest features."  Person 2: "Well, you know what they say, make it do or do without.". Person 1 should continue with their current phone. Person 1 should get the newest phone
to thine own self be true. be yourself; be true to yourself; do not engage in self-deception. Person 1: "I'm not sure if I should take that job offer. It pays well, but it's not really what I want to do."  Person 2: "Remember, to thine own self be true.". Person 1 should decided based on pay, instead of what they want to do. Person 1 should decide based on what they want to do, instead of the pay
tomorrow never comes. a goal or action which is postponed until a future day is often never accomplished; do not procrastinate. Person 1: "I'll do it tomorrow."  Person 2: "But tomorrow never comes.". Person 1 should do it today. Person 1 should do it tomorrow
talk is cheap. (idiomatic) it is easy to make boastful or unrealistic statements which are not backed by actions or evidence. Person 1: "I promise I'll do better next time." Person 2: "Talk is cheap.". Person 1 should not do more than a promise. Person 1 should do more than just promise
a buck's a buck. (chiefly us) every dollar of income counts toward one's financial well-being; money is a strong motivator, even in unpleasant situations. Person 1: "I don't really want to work overtime, but I could use the extra cash."  Person 2: "Why not just do it then?"  Person 1: "I don't know, it's just a lot of extra work."  Person 2: "Well, a buck's a buck. It's worth it in the end.". Person 1 should do the overtime because of money. Person 1 should not do the overtime, despite the money
a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. even the longest and most difficult ventures have a starting point. Person 1: "I don't think I can do the project. It's too hard."  Person 2: "Remember, a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.". Person 1 should not do the project as it has no benefits for the long run. Person 1 should do the project as it has benefits for the long run
procrastination is the thief of time. if you put off doing what you ought to do, you will end up not having enough time to do it properly. Person 1: "Hey, have you finished that report yet?"  Person 2: "No, I keep putting it off."  Person 1: "Remember, procrastination is the thief of time.". Person 1 should finish the report soon. Person 1 should not finish the report soon
the best things in life are free. the most valuable things in life (e. Person 1: "I wish I had more money to buy all the things I want." Person 2: "Don't worry, the best things in life are free.". Person 1 should focus more on things that cost money. Person 1 should focus more on things that don't cost money
when in Rome, do as the Romans do. (strictly) when in a foreign place, suit behavior or appearance to the local culture. Person 1: "I can't believe they eat with their hands here."  Person 2: "Well, when in Rome, do as the Romans do.". Person 1 should follow local customs and eat with their hands. Person 1 should follow local customs and not eat with their hands
no bucks, no Buck Rogers. one must raise money to be able to achieve one's objectives, especially in the exploration of outer space. Person 1: "I really want to go to space camp this summer." Person 2: "Do you have the money for it?" Person 1: "No, I don't." Person 2: "Well, no bucks, no Buck Rogers.". Person 1 does not need to go get money to go to space camp. Person 1 should go get some money if they want to go to space camp
no pain, no gain. one must be willing to endure some inconvenience or discomfort in order to achieve worthwhile goals. Person 1: "I really don't want to go to the gym today."  Person 2: "Come on, no pain, no gain!". Person 1 should go to the gym and suffer in order to make progress. Person 1 should not go to the gym
if the mountain won't come to Muhammad. if something one wishes to be done cannot be commanded done, one must find another way to achieve one's goal. Person 1: "I wish I could travel the world and experience different cultures."  Person 2: "If the mountain won't come to Muhammad, Muhammad must go to the mountain.". Person 1 should not travel the world. Person 1 should go travel the world
there is no such thing as bad weather, only bad clothing. any type of weather can be endured if adequate clothing is worn. Person 1: "I hate this heavy snow, it's ruining my day."  Person 2: "Honey, there is no such thing as bad weather, only bad clothing.". Person 1 should have dressed more for cold weather. Person 1 should have dressed less for cold weather
faith will move mountains. belief in oneself (read sometimes as belief in god) can help one overcome any hurdle in life's path. Person 1: "I don't know how we're going to make it through this tough time." Person 2: "Don't worry, have faith. Remember, faith will move mountains.". Person 1 should not have faith that they will make it through. Person 1 should have faith that they will make it through
better an egg today than a hen tomorrow. it is better to have a sure thing now than a possibility of more later. Person 1: "Should we wait for a better opportunity to invest our money?"  Person 2: "Better an egg today than a hen tomorrow.". Person 1 should invest today. Person 1 should wait to invest
if you can't beat them, join them. if your adversaries are stronger than you, it is better to join their side. Person 1: "I can't stand those guys always playing video games."  Person 2: "If you can't beat them, join them.". Person 1 should not join the guys and play video games. Person 1 should join the guys and play video games
squeaky wheel gets the grease. the person who complains or speaks up most loudly receives the redress or attention which he or she seeks. Person 1: "I can't believe I have to keep reminding my boss about my overdue promotion." Person 2: "Squeaky wheel gets the grease.". Person 1 should keep speaking up to improve their chances of being promoted. Person 1 should not keep speaking up
seek and ye shall find. something can be found if it is looked for. Person 1: "I'm lost. I don't know where I'm going."  Person 2: "Just keep searching. Seek and ye shall find.". Person 1 should not keep trying to find their way. Person 1 should keep trying to find their way
the more you know, the higher you go. expertise leads to career promotion. Person 1: "I don't think I need to learn anything else, I already know enough."  Person 2: "Hehe, the more you know, the higher you go.". Person 1 should learn more. Person 1 should learn less
when life gives you lemons, make lemonade. you should always make the best out of difficult situations. Person 1: "I can't believe I lost my job today." Person 2: "That's tough, but when life gives you lemons, make lemonade.". Person 1 should not make something positive out of losing their job. Person 1 should make something positive out of losing their job
the wheel turns. time moves forward; circumstances change; life continues. Person 1: "I can't believe I lost my job last month and I am still sad about it."  Person 2: "I'm sorry to hear that, but the wheel turns.". Person 1 should move on from losing their job. Person 1 should not move on from losing their job
perfect is the enemy of good. insistence on perfection often precludes the opportunity for something worthwhile. Person 1: "I'm not sure if this design is good enough. I think we should keep working on it."  Person 2: "I think perfect is the enemy of good in our case.". Person 1 should aim for perfection before finishing the work. Person 1 should not aim for perfection and finish the work
don't count your chickens before they're hatched. one should not depend upon a favorable (and typically overoptimistic) outcome to one's plans until it is certain to occur. Person 1: "I'm so excited to win the lottery tomorrow!"  Person 2: "Don't count your chickens before they're hatched.". Person 1 should not assume they will win the lottery. Person 1 may assume they will win the lottery
everything happens for a reason. used for consolation, possibly self-consolation, after someone has experienced something bad and for encouragement to make the best of the situation. Person 1: "I can't believe I didn't get the job I wanted." Person 2: "Don't worry, everything happens for a reason.". Person 1 should be discouraged about the job. Person 1 should not be discouraged about the job
eat to live, not live to eat. (medicine, imperative) it is best not to be gluttonous; eating shouldn't be one's favorite activity, but one should eat only to supply health. Person 1: "I can't wait to go to that new restaurant downtown."  Person 2: "Man, eat to live, not live to eat.". Person 1 should not be so interested in eating at the new restaurant. Person 1 should be interested in eating at the new restaurant
man proposes, God disposes. things don't always work out as they were planned. Person 1: "I thought everything was going according to plan!"  Person 2: "Well, you know what they say... man proposes, God disposes.". Person1 is correct to be surprised that things did not go according to plan. Person 1 should not be surprised things did not go according to plan
self-praise is no recommendation. empty boasting reflects poorly on the qualities of the braggart. Person 1: "I just aced that test without even studying!" Person 2: "Self-praise is no recommendation.". Person 1 should be humble about their test. Person 1 should brag about their test
a penny saved is a penny earned. a maxim for thrift that says that money not spent may be spent later, or may earn interest in the meantime. Person 1: "I'm thinking of buying that new gadget, but it's so expensive."  Person 2: "A penny saved is a penny earned.". Person 1 should buy the gadget. Person 1 should not buy the gadget and save their money instead
if it ain't broke, don't fix it. leave something alone; avoid attempting to correct, fix, or improve what is already sufficient (often with an implication that the attempted improvement is risky and might backfire). Person 1: "I think we should change the layout of the website."  Person 2: "But it's been working well for us. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.". Person 1 should not change the website. Person 1 should change the website
don't get your meat where you get your bread. of you don't dip your pen in company ink. Person 1: "I'm thinking about dating my coworker."  Person 2: "Don't get your meat where you get your bread.". Person 1 may date their coworker. Person 1 should not date their coworker
what's done is done. events that have already taken place cannot be changed and actions that have already been committed cannot be undone, so it is best not to dwell on them. Person 1: "I can't believe I failed that test." Person 2: "Sorry to hear that, but what's done is done.". Person 1 should not dwell on the failed test. Person 1 should dwell on the failed test
you can't be half pregnant. (idiomatic) said of an either-or situation; there are only two available choices. Person 1: "I'm thinking about starting a new diet, but I still want to eat junk food sometimes." Person 2: "You can't be half pregnant.". Person 1 may eat junk food while on the diet. Person 1 should not eat junk food while on the diet
feed a cold, starve a fever. expressing the common belief that eating more will cure the common cold, and eating less will cure a fever. Person 1: "I'm feeling sick and feverish. Should I eat something?" Person 2: "Feed a cold, starve a fever.". Person 1 should not eat. Person 1 should eat
give them an inch and they'll take an ell. dated form of give them an inch and they'll take a mile. Person 1: "I let my roommate borrow my car one time and now they always ask to use it."  Person 2: "Well, they are the type that you give them an inch and they'll take an ell.". Person 1 should have let their roommate borrow their car. Person 1 should not have let their roommate borrow their car even once
there's no accounting for taste. in subjective matters of taste, people have wildly different opinions; disagreements about matters of taste cannot be objectively resolved. Person 1: "I can't believe you like pineapple on your pizza." Person 2: "Hey, there's no accounting for taste.". Person 1 should not judge people for their pizza topping choices. Person 1 should judge people for their pizza topping choices
live and let live. (idiomatic) to be tolerant; to enjoy the pleasures and opportunities which life offers and to allow others to do the same. Person 1: "I can't believe you're still eating meat, it's so unhealthy and cruel to animals."  Person 2: "Well, I respect your opinion but I choose to eat what I want. Live and let live.". Person 1 should judge Person 2 for eating meat. Person 1 should not judge Person 2 about eating meat
judge not, that ye be not judged. do not criticize others if you are not prepared to be criticized in return. Person 1: "I can't believe she's still struggling with her weight. She really needs to get it together."  Person 2: "Judge not, that ye be not judged.". Person 1 should not judge the heavy person. Person 1 should judge the heavy person
an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. a policy of revenge will lead to counterretaliations rather than peaceful resolutions. Person 1: "He stole my wallet, I should steal his too!"  Person 2: "Remember, an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.". Person 1 should reciprocate and steal the wallet. Person 1 should not reciprocate and steal the wallet
haste makes waste. being too hasty leads to wasteful mistakes. Person 1: "I need to finish this project by tomorrow morning!" Person 2: "Haste makes waste.". Person 1 should not rush to finish the project because they may make mistakes. Person 1 should rush to finish the project
there's no I in team. teamwork should focus on the needs of the team, not on the individual. Person 1: "I did all the work for this project." Person 2: "But we're a team, remember? There's no I in team.". Person 1 should take all of the credit for the team project. Person 1 should not take all of the credit for the team project
he who hesitates is lost. a person who spends too much time contemplating what to do may miss a valuable but fleeting opportunity. Person 1: "Should I take the job offer or wait for something better?" Person 2: "Remember, he who hesitates is lost.". Person 1 should not take too long to decide. Person 1 should take time to decide
leaves of three, let it be. don't touch a plant with a cluster of three leaves because it might be poison ivy or poison oak. Person 1: "What's that plant over there?"  Person 2: "I'm not sure, leaves of three, let it be.". Person 1 may touch the plant. Person 1 should not touch the plant
little strokes fell great oaks. (idiomatic) small but persistent efforts can lead to big results. Person 1: "I don't think I can finish this project on time." Person 2: "Just keep working at it." Person 1: "There are still so many things to be done." Person 2: "Little strokes fell great oaks.". Person 1 should persist on their project and it likely will be done. Person 1 should not persist on their project since it probably won't be done
health is your first wealth. health is of utmost importance and the most valuable asset that a person can possess. Person 1: "I don't have time to exercise or eat healthy."  Person 2: "Like the old saying, health is your first wealth.". Person 1 should not prioritize on being healthy. Person 1 should prioritize being healthy
the first step is always the hardest. the hardest part of a process is always the beginning; things get easier afterwards. Person 1: "I don't think I can do this project, it seems too difficult." Person 2: "Don't worry, the first step is always the hardest.". Person 1 should simply start the project. Person 1 should not try to start the project
no time like the present. clipping of there's no time like the present. Person 1: "I've been meaning to start exercising, but I just can't find the motivation."  Person 2: "There's no time like the present. Let's go for a run!". Person 1 should wait and start exercising later. Person 1 should start exercising immediately
there's no time like the present. now is an appropriate time to take a particular action. Person 1: "I've been meaning to start exercising, but I keep putting it off."  Person 2: "There's no time like the present.". Person 1 should start exercising now. Person 1 should start exercising later
time and tide wait for no man. opportunities will not wait; action should be undertaken without delay. Person 1: "I'll start working on that project tomorrow."  Person 2: "Remember, time and tide wait for no man.". Person 1 should start on the project tomorrow. Person 1 should start the project today
eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. (idiomatic) compensation for injury caused by a person, in the form of inflicting of an identical injury on that person. Person 1: "He stole my wallet!"  Person 2: "Eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.". Person 1 should steal back the wallet. Person 1 should not steal back the wallet
if you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging. when finding oneself in a troubling situation, one should first make sure one is not making the situation worse by their own actions before addressing all other causes. Person 1: "I can't believe I spent all my money on this new phone, now I'm broke!"  Person 2: "Well, if you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.". Person 1 should not stop spending money. Person 1 should stop spending money
don't get mad, get even. a saying or advice suggesting to someone that instead of getting angry at a perceived injustice, slight or other action against them, they should retaliate. Person 1: "I can't believe they cheated me out of that promotion."  Person 2: "Don't get mad, get even.". Person 1 should take action to address the source of their anger. Person 1 should not take action and continue to be angry
when all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. of if all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. Person 1: "I can't seem to fix this problem." Person 2: "Have you tried a different approach?" Person 1: "No, I always do it the same way." Person 2: "When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.". Person 1 should not try a different approach. Person 1 should try a different approach
fall seven times, stand up eight. one must not give up one's efforts, even those that are in vain. Person 1: "I keep failing at this project."  Person 2: "Fall seven times, stand up eight.". Person 1 should try again. Person 1 should give up right away
if at first you don't succeed. persistence is important in the pursuit of success. Person 1: "I failed my driving test again."  Person 2: "Don't worry, if at first you don't succeed...". Person 1 should not try again. Person 1 should try again
a golden key can open any door. sufficient money can accomplish anything. Person 1: "I wish we could find a way to solve this problem." Person 2: "I hate to say this, but a golden key can open any door.". Person 1 should use money to solve the problem. Person 1 should use hard work to solve the problem
a mind is a terrible thing to waste. one should put one's mental faculties to good use. Person 1: "I don't really feel like studying today."  Person 2: "Come on, you can't waste your potential like that. A mind is a terrible thing to waste.". Person 1 should not try to learn something today. Person 1 should try to learn something today
prevention is better than cure. it is better to prevent the creation of a problem than to have to deal with it afterwards. Person 1: "I don't want to get sick, but I don't feel like washing my hands all the time."  Person 2: "I think prevention is better than cure.". Person 1 should wash their hands. Person 1 should not wash their hands
mind over matter. willpower alone can overcome a physical problem. Person 1: "I don't think I can do it, it's too hard."  Person 2: "Yes, you can! Remember, mind over matter.". Person 1 should not try because it's too hard. Person 1 should will themselves to do it
work smarter, not harder. problems are solved more effectively by intelligence than by hard graft. Person 1: "I've been working 12-hour days and I still can't seem to finish everything on time."  Person 2: "Maybe you should try working smarter, not harder.". Person 1 should work smarter rather than longer. Person 1 should not work smarter and keep working long hours
sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. there is no need to worry about the future; the present provides enough to worry about. Person 1: "I'm so worried about the future, there's just so much uncertainty."  Person 2: "Don't worry too much about what's to come, sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.". Person 1 should worry more about the future. Person 1 should worry more about the present
cobbler, keep to your last. (idiomatic) do not criticise matters outside your field of expertise; mind your own business. Person 1: "I think I could do a better job than the chef at this restaurant."  Person 2: "Cobbler, keep to your last.". Person 1 shouldn't criticise the chef. Person 1 should criticise the chef
there's no point crying over spilt milk. you shouldn't be upset over something that can't be undone. Person 1: "I can't believe I forgot my assignment at home, now I will get a zero for this assignment." Person 2: "There's no point crying over spilt milk.". Person 1 should dwell on forgetting their assignments. Person 1 shouldn't dwell on forgetting their assignments
cross my heart and hope to die, stick a needle in my eye. of cross my heart and hope to die. Person 1: "I promise I won't tell anyone your secret." Person 2: "Can I trust you?" Person 2: "Cross my heart and hope to die, stick a needle in my eye.". Person 1 will absolutely keep the secret. Person 1 may reveal the secret
never meet your heroes. it is unwise to seek personal acquaintance with people whom one has regarded with high esteem, as they often fail to fulfill one's expectations, resulting in disappointment. Person 1: "I can't believe I'm finally going to meet my favorite author! You didn't tell me you know her personally!"  Person 2: "You know, never meet your heroes.". Person 1 will probably be happy to meet the author. Person 1 will likely be disappointed by the author
variety is the spice of life. variety is what makes life interesting. Person 1: "I always eat the same thing for breakfast every day."  Person 2: "You should try switching it up! Variety is the spice of life.". Person 1 will be happier if they tried different breakfasts. Person 1 will be sadder if they tried different breakfasts
time is a great healer. of time heals all wounds. Person 1: "I can't believe I'm still upset about that breakup."  Person 2: "Give it a couple of months, time is a great healer.". Person 1 will be more upset about the breakup as time passes. Person 1 will be less upset about the breakup as time passes
there are no atheists in foxholes. in times of extreme stress or fear, even those who do not believe in a benevolent higher power will hope that one exists. Person 1: "I don't believe in God." Person 2: "Well, you know what they say, there are no atheists in foxholes.". Person 1 will believe in god when they're under stress. Person 1 will not believe in god even when under stress
time heals all wounds. negative feelings eventually fade away. Person 1: "I can't believe they did that to me."  Person 2: "I know it hurts now, but remember, time heals all wounds.". Person 1 will feel worse as time passes. Person 1 will feel better as time passes
every Jack has his Jill. everybody will eventually find a romantic partner. Person 1: "I can't believe I'm still single. I am having trouble establish a relationship."  Person 2: "Eventually, every Jack has his Jill.". Person 1 will find love eventually. Person 1 will not find love eventually
there's a lid for every pot. somewhere in the world there is a compatible romantic partner for everybody. Person 1: "I'm starting to think I'll never find someone who likes the same things as me."  Person 2: "There's a lid for every pot.". Person 1 will not find someone who likes the same things as them. Person 1 will find someone who likes the same things as them
pressure makes diamonds. a situation where the pressure that a person is under makes them demonstrate their potential. Person 1: "I'm so stressed out, I don't know how I'm going to get everything done."  Person 2: "Pressure makes diamonds.". Person 1 will learn and grow from the stressful experience. Person 1 will not benefit from the stressful experience
fortune favors the bold. luck is usually on the side of those who take chances and risks. Person 1: "I'm thinking about taking a risk and starting my own business."  Person 2: "That's a bold move, but hey, fortune favors the bold.". Person 1 is unlikely to succeed by boldly starting their business. Person 1 will likely succeed by boldly starting their business
one nail drives out another. new people, things, or customs eventually supplant older ones. Person 1: "I can't believe my ex broke up with me."  Person 2: "Don't worry, one nail drives out another.". Person 1 will meet someone new soon. Person 1 will meet someone old soon
buy cheap, buy twice. buying a cheap but inferior product is a false economy since it will need replacement. Person 1: "I found this really cheap laptop online, should I buy it?"  Person 2: "Buy cheap, buy twice.". Person 1 should buy the cheap laptop. Person 1 shouldn't buy the cheap laptop
fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. after being tricked once, one should learn from one's mistakes and avoid being tricked in the same way again. Person 1: "I can't believe you didn't show up again. This is the second time you've stood me up."  Person 2: "I'm sorry, I got caught up with something else."  Person 1: "Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.". Person 1 will probably never meet with person 2 again. Person 1 will meet with person 2 again
it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God. it is unlikely that the wealthy will go to heaven. Person 1: "I just bought a new yacht and a private jet!" Person 2: "Remember, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.". Person 1 should probably show off more. Person 1 should probably do something good instead of showing off
opportunity knocks at every man's door. everybody gets opportunities. Person 1: "I can't seem to catch a break these days."  Person 2: "Don't worry, opportunity knocks at every man's door.". Person 1 will soon catch a break. Person 1 will not catch a break any time soon
familiarity breeds contempt. the more an individual becomes acquainted with another person, and the more the individual knows about his or her shortcomings, the easier it becomes to dislike that person. Person 1: "I can't believe how annoyed I am with my roommate Jack lately."  Person 2: "You two have been living together for a while now. Familiarity breeds contempt.". Person 1's annoyance is unexpected after lived with their roommate Jack for a while. Person 1's annoyance is expected because they've lived with their roommate Jack for a while
the heart wants what it wants. who one falls in love with is not a rational or deliberate decision. Person 1: "I know I shouldn't be with him, but I can't help it."  Person 2: "Why not just end things?"  Person 1: "Because the heart wants what it wants.". Person 1's choice in love is not rational. Person 1's choice in love is rational
a bird in the hand. short for a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. Person 1: "I'm thinking about quitting my job and looking for something better."  Person 2: "But you have a stable income and benefits. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.". Person 1's current job stability is not more important than a better job. Person 1's current job stability is more important than a better job
comparison is the thief of joy. comparing one's own situation with that of others will lead to unhappiness or bitterness. Person 1: "I wish I had a car as nice as yours."  Person 2: "Don't compare yourself to others. Comparison is the thief of joy.". Person 1's envy of the car will lead to unhappiness. Person 1's envy of the car will lead to happiness
zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse. enthusiasm of an inexperienced person will cause harm. Person 1: "I'm so excited to start this new project! I don't even know where to begin!"  Person 2: "Remember, zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse. Take the time to research and plan before diving in.". Person 1's excitement will not lead to harm, despite their inexperience. Person 1's excitement may lead to harm, because of their inexperience
man plans and God laughs. things don't always work out as they were planned. Person 1: "I had everything planned out perfectly for this year."  Person 2: "You know what they say, man plans and God laughs.". Person 1's plans are unlikely to work out. Person 1's plans are likely to workout
pride comes before a fall. a person who is excessively proud will often suffer a setback or failure. Person 1: "I don't need anyone's help, I can do this on my own." Person 2: "Be careful, pride comes before a fall.". Person 1's pride will not lead to their downfall. Person 1's pride may soon lead to their downfall
the darkest hour is just before the dawn. the worst situation comes before a good one. Person 1: "I can't believe how bad things have gotten. It feels like there's no hope left."  Person 2: "Don't give up just yet. The darkest hour is just before the dawn.". Person 1's situation will soon turn for the better. Person 1's situation will not get better any time soon
a bad workman always blames his tools. it is not the tools we use that make us good, but rather how we employ them. Person 1: "I can't believe I lost the game. My mouse is so old and slow."  Person 2: "A bad workman always blames his tools.". Person 1's mouse is the reason they lost the game. Person 1's skill is the reason they lost the game, not their mouse
this too shall pass. nothing, good or bad, lasts forever; all circumstances are temporary. Person 1: "I'm really stressed about this upcoming exam." Person 2: "This too shall pass.". Person 1's stress will not last long. Person 1's stress will continue for long
a smooth sea never made a skilled sailor. challenging experiences are the most educational and so, ultimately, beneficial. Person 1: "I'm really struggling with this project at work."  Person 2: "A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.". Person 1's struggles will not help develop their skills. Person 1's struggles will help develop their skills
fine words butter no parsnips. nothing is achieved by empty words or flattery. Person 1: "I'm going to start working out and eating healthier tomorrow."  Person 2: "That's great, but this is the 3 time you said this in a week. Fine words butter no parsnips.". Person 1's words don't count as much as their actions of going to their gym. Person 1's words matter as much as their actions of going to the gym
possession is nine-tenths of the law. one who has possession of a thing has some right to it; a popular statement of the doctrine of adverse possession. Person 1: "Hey, you can't just take my phone like that!"  Person 2: "Possession is nine-tenths of the law.". Person 2 cannot take the phone, even though they have it. Person 2 can take the phone, because they technically have it
no rest for the weary. (humorous) even people who are tired must still work. Person 1: "Hey, did you finish that project yet?"  Person 2: "No, I've been working on it all night."  Person 1: "Take a break and get some rest!"  Person 2: "No rest for the weary.". Person 2 cannot take a break even though they're tired. Person 2 can take a break
a contented mind is a perpetual feast. contentment is more a matter of attitude than circumstances. Person 1: "How do you always seem so happy?"  Person 2: "I practice gratitude every day. A contented mind is a perpetual feast.". Person 2 does not cause their own happiness. Person 2 cultivates their own happiness
he who denied it supplied it. of he who smelt it dealt it. Person 1: "Who farted?"  Person 2: "Not me."  Person 1: "Well, he who denied it supplied it.". Person 2 farted. Person 2 did not fart
it's not what you know but who you know. for success, and especially to obtain employment, one's knowledge and skills are less useful and less important than one's network of personal contacts. Person 1: "How did you get that job so easily?"  Person 2: "Oh, I have a friend who works there. It's not what you know but who you know.". Person 2 got the job but because of their knowledge and experience. Person 2 got the job because of a personal connection
needs must when the devil drives. there is sometimes no choice but to do some specific thing. Person 1: "Why are you working so hard?"  Person 2: "I have bills to pay. Needs must when the devil drives.". Person 2 has to work hard to pay the bills. Person 2 does not have to work so hard
the nut does not fall far from the tree. of the apple does not fall far from the tree. Person 1: "I heard your dad is a great cook!" Person 2: "Yes, he is. They say the nut does not fall far from the tree.". Person 2 is a bad cook. Person 2 is a geat cook
manners maketh man. (idiomatic) a person may be judged according to his behaviour towards other people. Person 1: I don't understand why people at work doesn't like me. Person 2: To be honest, you are very competitive at work, and you rarely help junior team members or thank them Person 1: But that's who I am... Person 2: Yeah, right. Manners maketh man. Person 2 may be annoyed or thinks person 1 should change how he treat people at work. Person 2 may be happy or praising about how person 1 treats people at work
shirtsleeves to shirtsleeves in three generations. of clogs to clogs in three generations. Person 1: "Wow, your family seems to be doing really well financially." Person 2: "Haha, it is possible we shirtsleeves to shirtsleeves in three generations.". Person 2 is not afraid of losing their family's wealth. Person 2 is afraid of losing their family's wealth
a burnt child dreads the fire. a person that has been harmed by something becomes more cautious about it. Person 1: "I'm thinking of trying that new restaurant, but I'm not sure if it's any good."  Person 2: "Remember the last time we tried a new restaurant and got food poisoning? A burnt child dreads the fire.". Person 2 is cautious about food poisoning at the new restaurant. Person 2 is not cautions about food poisoning at the new restaurant
you can't keep a good man down. a person who has talent, resolve, or moral strength will eventually succeed despite having been overlooked, injured, or defeated. Person 1: "I heard you got fired from your job."  Person 2: "Yeah, but you can't keep a good man down.". Person 2 is not sure if they'll find another job. Person 2 is confident they'll find another job
no one is born a master. cleverness and education can be gained only by effort. Person 1: "Wow, you're so good at playing the piano! How did you get so skilled?"  Person 2: "Price of 40 hours per week. No one is born a master.". Person 2 is good at piano because they practiced a lot. Person 2 is good at the piano by natural talent and not practice
it's the thought that counts. when giving someone a present or doing a favour for someone, the kindness behind the act is more important than any other consideration. Person 1: "I'm sorry I couldn't get you a present for your birthday." Person 2: "It's the thought that counts!". Person 2 is unhappy because they didn't get a gift. Person 2 is happy to be thought of, even though they didn't get a gift
one can run but one can't hide. there is nothing someone can do to evade something. Person 1: "I heard you owe a lot of money to the loan sharks."  Person 2: "Yeah, I'm trying to avoid them."  Person 1: "One can run but one can't hide.". Person 2 is likely to be found by loan sharks. Person 2 is unlikely to be found by loan sharks
in for an inch, in for a mile. (chiefly us) given that one is partly involved in or committed to a project, action, position, etc. Person 1: "Should we go out for one drink?" Person 2: "Sure, why not?" Person 1: "Great! But what if we end up staying out all night?" Person 2: "In for an inch, in for a mile.". Person 2 is unlikely to stay out all night. Person 2 is likely to stay out all night
the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak. as much as one wishes to achieve something, the frailties of the human body often make it impossible. Person 1: "Do you want to go for a run with me?"  Person 2: "I wish I could, the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak.". Person 2 is physically unable to run. Person 2 is physically able to run
might makes right. whatever the powerful want is morally unquestionable, whether because power preempts moral consideration, the powerful determine right and wrong, or power is self-justifying. Person 1: "I don't think that's fair."  Person 2: "In this world, might makes right.". Power determines the right and wrong. Moral determines the right and wrong
you can't teach an old dog new tricks. it is impossible to change people's habits, traits, or mindset. Person 1: "Hey, have you tried using this new app to manage your finances?"  Person 2: "Nah, I'm good with my old-school budgeting methods."  Person 1: "But this app is so easy to use and it can help you save money!"  Person 2: "Thanks, but you can't teach an old dog new tricks.". Person 2 is too old to learn the new app. Person 2 is not too old to learn the new app
loose lips sink ships. saying too much or releasing confidential information can have dangerous consequences. Person 1: "Hey, did you hear about the new project our company is working on?" Person 2: "I don't want to know. Loose lips sink ships.". Person 2 is not trying to keep a secret. Person 2 is trying to keep a secret
even a blind squirrel can find a nut once in a while. being right once doesn't prove anything. Person 1: "Wow, you actually got a question right for once!" Person 2: "Even a blind squirrel can find a nut once in a while.". Person 2 likely got the question right by luck rather than skill. Person 2 likely got the question right by skill
if you mess with the bull, you get the horns. of when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Person 1: "I heard you were trying to start a fight with that guy."  Person 2: "Yeah, he was talking trash about me."  Person 1: "Well, be careful, if you mess with the bull, you get the horns.". Person 2 will likely not suffer negative consequences. Person 2 may suffer negative consequences
if you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas. spending time with undesirable people will cause one to take on their undesirable traits. Person 1: "I can't believe you're still hanging out with those troublemakers."  Person 2: "Hey, I know they're not perfect, but they're my friends."  Person 1: "Just be careful, if you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas.". Person 2 may turn into a troublemaker. Person 2 will likely not turn into a troublemaker
you can't judge a book by its cover. (idiomatic, figurative) it is not possible to make reliable judgments about things or people by considering external appearances alone. Person 1: "I don't think I'll like this job. The office environment doesn't look hip at all."  Person 2: "Don't be so quick to judge. You can't judge a book by its cover.". Person 2 thinks the job is not hip. Person 2 means the job could be good
you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink. you can show someone how to do something, but you can't make them do it. Person 1: "I've been trying to get my friend to stop smoking for ages, but he just won't listen."  Person 2: "You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.". Person 2 means you can't control what other people do. Person 2 means you can control what other people do
if you fly with the crows, you get shot with the crows. somebody who spends time with undesirable people will be regarded as one of them. Person 1: "I heard you're hanging out with some shady people."  Person 2: "Yeah, but they're my friends."  Person 1: "Just be careful. I mean, if you fly with the crows, you get shot with the crows.". Person 2 will not be seen as shady. Person 2 might be seen as shady as well
less is more. (paradox, oxymoron) that which is of smaller quantity could be of higher quality. Person 1: "I'm thinking of the decorations to the room. Which design do you like better? The first one uses lots of patterns and colours, the second one is clean but simpler."  Person 2: "Less is more.". Person 2 perfers the second one. Person 2 perfers the first one
good work ain't cheap, cheap work ain't good. of buy cheap, buy twice. Person 1: "How much do you charge for your services?"  Person 2: "My rates are a bit higher than others, but good work ain't cheap, cheap work ain't good.". Person 2 does not provide good quality work. Person 2 provides good quality work
genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration. a genius depends more on hard work than imagination. Person 1: "Wow, you're so smart! How do you come up with all these ideas?" Person 2: "Thanks, but it's not just about being smart. As Thomas Edison said, genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.". Person 2 seems smart because of their hard work. Person 2 seems smart because of their talent
honesty is the best policy. honesty is preferable as a course of action because it tends to work out best in the end. Person 1: "Did you break the vase in the living room?"  Person 2: "Yes, I accidentally knocked it over."  Person 1: "Why didn't you tell me earlier?"  Person 2: "I was afraid you would be mad."  Person 1: "Honesty is the best policy. Let's clean it up together.". Person 2 should not be honest and upfront. Person 2 should always be honest and upfront
he who sups with the devil should have a long spoon. one must be careful when dealing with bad people. Person 1: "I heard you're doing business with that shady character." Person 2: "Yeah, but I'm keeping my distance. He who sups with the devil should have a long spoon.". Person 2 should be careful. Person 2 should not be careful
you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar. it is easier to persuade others with polite requests and a positive attitude rather than with rude demands and negativity. Person 1: "I can't believe you're being so rude to the waiter."  Person 2: "What? I'm just being honest."  Person 1: "You know what they say, you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.". Person 2 should continue to be rude to the waiter. Person 2 should be nicer to the waiter
you snooze you lose. if one is not alert and attentive, one will not be successful. Person 1: "Hey, did you hear about the job opening at the new restaurant?"  Person 2: "No, I didn't. What's the position?"  Person 1: "It's for a server. They're hiring now."  Person 2: "Oh, I'll check it out later."  Person 1: "Alright, but you snooze you lose.". Person 2 should check out the position now, or lose the opportunity. Person 2 can check out the position later and not lose the opportunity
you can't run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. you can't have it both ways. Person 1: "Hey, I heard you were talking behind my back."  Person 2: "No way, I would never do that to you!"  Person 1: "Well, I saw you hanging out with my enemies."  Person 2: "I was just trying to keep the peace."  Person 1: "Sorry, but you can't run with the hare and hunt with the hounds.". Person 2 should not choose between Person 1 and their enemies. Person 2 should choose a side between Person 1 and their enemies
silence is consent. a lack of response to an action is a tacit approval of that action. Person 1: "Hey, did you hear about that controversial decision the company made?"  Person 2: "Yeah, I did. I don't really agree with it."  Person 1: "So, are you going to speak up about it?"  Person 2: "No, I don't want to cause any trouble."  Person 1: "Remember, silence is consent.". Person 2 should have voiced their disagreement. Person 2 should not have voiced their disagreement
don't shoot the messenger. the bearer of bad news should not be held accountable for it. Person 1: "I'm sorry to say this, but your application has been rejected."  Person 2: "What?! Why?!"  Person 1: "I'm not sure, it just says here that you didn't meet the qualifications."  Person 2: "Well, that's just great. Thanks for nothing."  Person 1: "Hey, don't shoot the messenger.". Person 2 should be mad at person 1 for delivering bad news. Person 2 should not be mad at person 1 for delivering bad news
why keep a dog and bark yourself. (rhetorical question, colloquial) one should not do something that one has hired someone else to do. Person 1: "I can't believe you're still doing all the cleaning even though you hired someone."  Person 2: "I just want to make sure everything is done right..."  Person 1: "Why keep a dog and bark yourself?". Person 2 should do the work themselves. Person 2 should not do the work themselves
rules are rules. the rules are certain and cannot be ignored or worked around. Person 1: Can I please borrow your car for the weekend? Person 2: I'm sorry, I can't. My insurance doesn't cover other drivers. Person 1: But I promise to be careful. Person 2: I understand, but rules are rules. Person 2 will not lend their car to Person 1. Person 2 will lend their car to Person 1
never change a running system. do not change something while it is working. Person 1: "Hey, have you thought about upgrading your computer?"  Person 2: "Nah, never change a running system.". Person 2 should upgrade their computer that works fine. Person 2 should not upgrade their computer that works fine
if you pay peanuts, you get monkeys. (uk, colloquial) offering a low salary will not attract skilled employees. Person 1: "Why did you hire that unskilled worker for such an important task?"  Person 2: "Well, I was trying to cut costs."  Person 1: "But don't you think you should have invested in a more experienced employee? If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys.". Person 2 should pay better. Person 2 should pay less
short reckonings make long friends. borrowed money should be paid back as soon as possible. Person 1: "Hey, you still owe me that $20 from last week."  Person 2: "Oh right, sorry about that. Here you go."  Person 1: "Thanks. You know what they say, short reckonings make long friends.". Person 2 should not pay the money back as soon as possible. Person 2 should pay the money back as quickly as possible
in vino veritas. in wine, there is truth. Person 1: "I can't believe you told her the truth about what happened!"  Person 2: "Well, in vino veritas.". Person 2 told the truth because they drank alcohol. Person 2 told the truth but not because they drank alcohol
you pays your money and you takes your choice. each person can make his or her own decisions. Person 1: "Should we go to the beach or the park today?"  Person 2: "It's up to you. You pays your money and you takes your choice.". Person 2 dosn't want Person 1 to choose. Person 2 wants person 1 to choose
no news is good news. a lack of information reported about a situation suggests that nothing bad has happened. Person 1: "Hey, have you heard anything about the project cancellation?"  Person 2: "No news is good news.". Person 2 has not heard and thinks the project may not be cancelled. Person 2 has not heard and thinks the project maybe cancelled
what has been seen cannot be unseen. repulsive, disturbing, or horrific sights can never be erased from memory once they have been seen. Person 1: "Hey, have you seen that video of the guy eating worms?" Person 2: "No, but now I don't want to." Person 1: "Trust me, it's gross." Person 2: "I think I'll pass. What has been seen cannot be unseen.". Person 2 will not remember the gross video. Person 2 will remember the gross video
uneasy lies the head that wears a crown. a person of high rank or status has more problems than those of lower rank. Person 1: "Congratulations on your promotion to CEO!"  Person 2: "Thank you, but I'm already feeling the weight of the responsibility."  Person 1: "It's a big job, but I have no doubt you'll do great."  Person 2: "Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.". Person 2 will face more problems and stress as CEO than before. Person 2 will not face more problems and stress as CEO than before
mess with the bull and you get the horns. of when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Person 1: "I heard you were trying to start a fight with that guy."  Person 2: "Yeah, I thought I could take him."  Person 1: "Mess with the bull and you get the horns.". Person 2 will not get hurt. Person 2 will get hurt
ne'er cast a clout til May be out. (regional) do not change from winter clothes to summer clothes until june, as there is often a sudden cold snap in may. Person 1: "Why are you still wearing a jacket? It's almost May!"  Person 2: "I know, but as they say, ne'er cast a clout til May be out.". Person 2 will keep wearing their jacket. Person 2 will change their jacket
what the eye doesn't see, the heart doesn't grieve over. problems and losses that do not reach the attention cause no worries and no grief. Person 1: "Did you see the mess in the kitchen?" Person 2: "No, why?" Person 1: "Good, because what the eye doesn't see, the heart doesn't grieve over.". Person 2 will worry about the mess in the kitchen. Person 2 will not worry about the mess in the kitchen
it is easy to be wise after the event. after one has seen the consequences of a decision, it is easy to tell whether or not the decision was favorable, but it is also too late, since the consequences have already occurred. Person 1: "I can't believe we lost all our money in the stock market crash." Person 2: "Well, we should have diversified our investments." Person 1: "Thanks for the advice now. It is easy to be wise after the event.". Person 2's advice is useless now. Person 2's advice is still useful
he who laughs last laughs best. success is enjoyed more after having previously endured ridicule. Person 1: "I can't believe you lost that bet."  Person 2: "Just wait, I have a plan."  Person 1: "What plan?"  Person 2: "The plan to win it all back. He who laughs last laughs best.". Person 2's final outcome is worth very little. Person 2's final outcome is what counts the most
the cow knows not the worth of its tail till it loses it. of you never miss the water till the well runs dry. Person A: "I can't believe I lost my phone. It had all my contacts and important information on it."  Person B: "Well, the cow knows not the worth of its tail till it loses it.". Person A didn't appreciate the value of their phone. Person A did appreciate the value of their phone
words cut deep. insults and offensive speech hurt more than physical injuries, and are not easily forgotten. Person A: "I can't believe you said that to me." Person B: "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you." Person A: "Too late, your words cut deep.". Person A is not offended by Person B's words. Person A is offended by Person B's words
a sorrow shared is a sorrow halved. grief can be alleviated by discussing it with someone. Person A: "I'm feeling really down today." Person B: "I'm here for you. A sorrow shared is a sorrow halved.". Person A sharing their feelings will help reduce it. Person A sharing their feelings will help amplify it
you've got to be in it to win it. in order to win, or succeed at something, one must first compete or try. Person A: "I don't think I should enter the contest. I'm not good enough." Person B: "Come on, you've got to be in it to win it!". Person A should not enter the contest. Person A should enter the contest
keep your friends close, and your enemies closer. one should be on one's toes and alert of one's surroundings if malicious people are around, to ensure that they cannot wreak havoc in one's life. Person A: "I don't trust that guy's work, I think he may bring troubles to our entire team..." Person B: "Well, you know what they say, keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.". Person A should keep a close eye on the guy. Person A should not keep a close eye on the guy
experience is the best teacher. lessons learned from experience are the most lasting. Person A: "I'm really bad at riding a bike."  Person B: "Just keep trying, experience is the best teacher.". Person A should not keep trying since they are really bad. Person A should keep trying and they will get better from experience
too many cooks spoil the broth. if too many people participate in a task, especially in a leading role, the task will not be done very well. Person A: "Hey, should we invite everyone to help with the project?" Person B: "I don't think that's a good idea. Too many cooks spoil the broth.". Person A should not invite more people to the project. Person A should invite more people to the project
mocking is catching. be careful of making fun of others, lest others make fun of you. Person A: "I can't believe she wore that outfit to work today."  Person B: "Don't be so quick to judge, mocking is catching.". Person A can judge. Person A should not judge
never put off until tomorrow what you can do today. do not procrastinate whatever that can be done today until tomorrow. Person A: "I'll just do it later."  Person B: "Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.". Person A should not procrastinate. Person A should procrastinate
don't put all your eggs in one basket. do not dedicate all your resources to one project. Person A: "I'm investing all my money in this one stock, it's going to make me rich!"  Person B: "Please don't put all your eggs in one basket.". Person A should risk all of their money on one stock. Person A should not risk all of their money on one stock
more haste, less speed. when one is in a hurry, one often ends up having less success and completes a task more slowly. Person A: "I'm rushing to finish this project before the deadline!" Person B: "More haste, less speed.". Person A should not rush to finish the project. Person A should rush to finish the project
render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's. one must give something (especially taxes) owed to the relevant authority. Person A: "I don't think I should pay my taxes this year." Person B: "Why not?" Person A: "I just don't want to." Person B: "Well, as the saying goes, 'render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's.'". Person A should not pay their taxes. Person A should pay their taxes
extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. outlandish and unbelievable claims must be followed by exceptional evidence to be considered acceptable in rational discourse. Person A: "I heard that aliens exist and have been visiting Earth for years."  Person B: "Really? Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.". Person A should provide more evidence for their claims of aliens on Earth. Person A do not need more evidence to support their claim of aliens on Earth
if you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen. if you cannot handle the pressure, you should not remain in a position where you have to deal with it. Person A: "I don't think I can handle this job anymore." Person B: "If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.". Person A should stay at their job. Person A should quit their job
when you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging. of if you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging. Person A: "I don't know what to do, I keep making things worse." Person B: "When you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.". Person A should stop making things worse. Person A should continue to make things worse
fools rush in where angels fear to tread. a person who does not plan ahead and think matters through becomes involved in risky or unfavorable situations which prudent people avoid. Person A: "I'm going to quit my job and start my own business next week!"  Person B: "Whoa, are you sure about that? Remember, fools rush in where angels fear to tread.". Person A should not think and plan more about starting their business. Person A should think and plan more about starting their business
success depends on your backbone, not your wishbone. success is achieved by hard work, not by merely wishing for it. Person A: "I really hope I can achieve my goals one day."  Person B: "Success depends on your backbone, not your wishbone.". Person A should work towards their goals instead of talking about it. Person A should keep talking about their goals
lucky at cards, unlucky in love. someone who enjoys good fortune in games will experience romantic frustration. Person A: "I won big at the casino last night!" Person B: "Lucky at cards, unlucky in love. Lalalala...". Person B is joking about person A will find love eventually. Person B is joking about person A will unlikely to find love
opportunity seldom knocks twice. opportune times seldom appear again. Person A: "I missed the deadline for the job application."  Person B: "That's too bad. But remember, opportunity seldom knocks twice.". Person A will not get another chance to apply for the job. Person A will get another opportunity to apply for the job
something is better than nothing. it is better to be contented over something than to have nothing at all. Person A: "I only have $5 left for groceries this week." Person B: "Why don't you just skip buying anything?" Person A: "No way, something is better than nothing.". Person A will not spend their $5 on groceries. Person A will spend their $5 on groceries
necessity knows no law. a person who is in great need of something will find a way to obtain it, and violate the law if needed. Person A: "I can't believe you're breaking into that building!"  Person B: "I have to get in there, necessity knows no law.". Person B breaking in is justified. Person B breaking in is not justified
where you stand depends on where you sit. one's position in an organization dictates one's stance on an issue. Person A: "I can't believe you changed your mind about that issue." Person B: "Where you stand depends on where you sit.". Person B changed their mind but not because their position changed. Person B changed their mind because their position changed
ignorance is bliss. a lack of knowledge results in happiness; it is more comfortable to not know certain things. Person A: "Hey, have you heard about the latest news on the pandemic?" Person B: "No, I haven't. I stopped following the news a while ago." Person A: "But don't you want to stay informed?" Person B: "Not really. Ignorance is bliss, you know.". Person B is intentionally avoiding the news to be happy. Person B is not avoiding the news
the enemy of my enemy is my friend. it is sometimes necessary to cooperate with a person one does not like or agree with, in order to combat a common threat. Person A: "I can't believe we're working with them." Person B: "Hey, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.". Person B is working with someone but not because they share an enemy. Person B is working with someone because they have a shared enemy
actions speak louder than words. it is more effective to act directly than to speak of action. Person 1: "I promise I'll help you study for your exam tomorrow."  Person 2: "I don't need your promises. Actions speak louder than words.". Persons 1's actions tomorrow matters more than their promise. Person 1's actions tomorrow matters less than their promise
a fault confessed is half redressed. by confessing to one's own faults, one will begin to make amends. Person 1: "I'm sorry for breaking your vase."  Person 2: "Thank you for admitting your mistake. A fault confessed is half redressed.". Person 1's apology didn't make up much of their fault. Persons 1's apology makes up a large part of their fault
there are two sides to every question. one should not make a judgement until one hears the other side. Person 1: "I think we should ban plastic bags altogether."  Person 2: "But what about people who reuse them for trash bags?"  Person 1: "Hmm, I never thought about that. Maybe we should just put a tax on them instead."  Person 2: "See, there are two sides to every question.". Plastic bags should not be completed banned. Plastics should be completely banned
a lie has no legs. you can't get away with a lie; the truth will always come out. Person 1: "Politicians never tell the truth, and they get away with it." Person 2: "A lie has no legs.". Politicians will not get caught one day. Politicians will get caught one day
the poor we will always have with us. poverty for some is inevitable. Person 1: "I wish we could eradicate poverty once and for all." Person 2: "Unfortunately, the poor we will always have with us.". Poverty cannot be eradicated. Poverty can be eradicated
the end justifies the means. morally wrong actions are sometimes necessary to achieve morally right outcomes; actions can be considered morally right or wrong only by virtue of the morality of the outcome. Person A: "I can't believe you secretly recorded the converstation, but the employee was saved in the end."  Person B: "Hey, the end justifies the means.". Secret recording is justified since it violates privacy. Secret recording is justified since it saved someone
brevity is the soul of wit. conciseness of expression is an essential characteristic of astute, perceptive, or witty remarks. Person 1: "Why do you always keep your messages so short?"  Person 2: "Brevity is the soul of wit.". Short messages are witty and insightful. Short messages are poor in quality
every cloud has a silver lining. there is something good in any bad situation. Person 1: "I lost my job today, I don't know what to do."  Person 2: "Well, every cloud has a silver lining.". Person 2 is asking person 1 to think positively about losing their job. Person 2 is asking person 1 to think negatively about losing their job
it's all fun and games until someone loses an eye. rough play results in injury. Person 1: "Hey, let's play darts in the living room!"  Person 2: "Are you crazy? That's dangerous!"  Person 1: "Oh come on, it'll be fun!"  Person 2: "No way, it's all fun and games until someone loses an eye.". Someone could be seriously injured by a dart. No one is likely to be injured by a dart
them's the breaks. (idiomatic) that is the way things happen; that's life. Person 1: "I can't believe I lost my wallet again." Person 2: "Well, them's the breaks.". Bad things rarely happen. Sometimes bad things happen
a foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds. consistency may not be the key to success; changes, even minor ones, must be introduced. Person 1: "I always stick to my routine, no matter what." Person 2: "Remember, a foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.". Sometimes it is good to make small changes. it is not good to make small changes
desperate times call for desperate measures. in adverse circumstances, actions that might have been rejected under other circumstances may become the best choice. Person 1: "I can't believe you're considering stealing food from the store."  Person 2: "Desperate times call for desperate measures.". Stealing food is not justified in a desperate situation. Stealing food is justified in a desperate situation
one swallow does not a summer make. one instance of an event (such as the arrival of a single bird) does not necessarily indicate a trend. Person 1: "Guess what? We got our first customer, I think we are on a good trajectory."  Person 2: "I wish so too, but remember, one swallow does not a summer make.". They should be cautious and still try hard. They should celebrate the first customer and relax
life is like a box of chocolates. (simile) life is full of surprises; you never know what will happen next. Person 1: "I can never predict what's going to happen next in my life."  Person 2: "That's the beauty of it. Life is like a box of chocolates.". Surprises are not a normal part of life. Surprises are a normal part of life
sauce for the goose. of what's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander. Person 1: "You can't just take my phone without asking!" Person 2: "You took my charger without asking!" Person 1: "That's not the same thing!" Person 2: "Sauce for the goose.". Taking the charger and taking the phone are the same thing. Taking the charger and taking the phone are not the same thing
as the twig is bent, so is the tree inclined. a person's formative experiences in youth influence their character during adulthood. Person 1: "Why do you think it's important to teach children good habits?"  Person 2: "Well, as the twig is bent, so is the tree inclined.". Teaching children good habits is not important since it does not effect them as adults. Teaching children good habits is important since it effects them as adults
still waters run deep. a person with a calm appearance has, or may have, considerable inner emotion, character, or intellect. Person 1: "I never would have guessed that she's such a talented artist."  Person 2: "Yeah, still waters run deep.". The artist has a quiet, reserved personality. The artist has a flamboyant, extraverted personality
a danger foreseen is half avoided. it is necessary to foresee danger as it helps you to avoid it. Person 1: Hey, I heard today they found a huge sinkhole on the route we're taking for the cycling trip tomorrow. Person 2: Thanks for the heads up, I will think about a plan. A danger foreseen is half avoided. They will be less careful tomorrow and definitly keep the same route. They will be more careful tomorrow and may change a different route
you can't make a silk purse of a sow's ear. it is not possible to produce something refined, admirable, or valuable from something which is unrefined, unpleasant, or of little or no value. Person 1: "I'm going to try to fix this old car and make it look brand new again."  Person 2: "Good luck with that, but you know what they say, you can't make a silk purse of a sow's ear.". The car is too old to be fixed up. The car is not too old and can be fixed up
crime doesn't pay. if you commit a crime you will most likely be punished for it. Person 1: "I can't believe he stole that car."  Person 2: "Yeah, crime doesn't pay.". The car thief will not suffer any consequences. The car thief will suffer consequences
money does not stink. of money does not smell. Person 1: "How can you work for that corrupt company?"  Person 2: "Have you heard money does not stink?". The company pays well. The company pays poorly
the fish rots from the head. bad leaders harm an organization. Person 1: "I can't believe how disorganized this company is."  Person 2: "I hear you, and the fish rots from the head.". The company's leadership is not the cause of the disorganization. The company's leadership is the cause of the disorganization
the apple does not fall far from the tree. (idiomatic) a child grows up to be similar to its parents, both in behavior and in physical characteristics. Person 1: Wow, your daughter is so talented in music just like you!  Person 2: Well, the apple does not fall far from the tree. The daughter is talented in music because of their parent. The daughter is talented in music but not because of their parent
physician, heal thyself. attend to your own defects before presuming to advise others about theirs. Person 1: "I can't believe you smoke so much, it's terrible for your health." Person 2: "I know, but at least I'm not as bad as my doctor. He smokes a pack a day." Person 1: "Physician, heal thyself.". The doctor should continue to smoke. The doctor should take care of himself first and stop smoking
hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. a woman will make someone suffer if they reject her. Person 1: "I heard you broke up with your girlfriend. How'd that go?"  Person 2: "Not well. She destroyed my car and slashed my tires. They say hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.". The ex-girlfriend is very mad. The ex-girlfriend is calm
forbidden fruit is the sweetest. forbidden things seem more appealing; people want things more if (or, in some way, because) they can't have them. Person 1: "Wanna have a drink? The beer we brought today is great!" Person 2: "I can't believe you guys brought beers to the office. You know that's against the university rules right?"  Person 1: "I know, but you know what they say... forbidden fruit is the sweetest.". The excitement of breaking rules make the beers less desirable. The excitement of breaking rules make the beers more desirable
hunger is the best spice. when one is hungry, anything will taste good. Person 1: "This food is so bland, I wish it had more seasoning."  Person 2: "Well, hunger is the best spice.". Person 1 will be hungry so that the food will taste ok. Person 1 will be hungry so that the food will taste bad
beggars can't be choosers. (idiomatic) something is better than nothing: those who can't provide for themselves should accept whatever help is available. Person 1: "I wish I could have a bigger room in this hotel."  Person 2: "Deal with it my friend, beggars can't be choosers.". The guests should be in a bigger room. The guests are in th right sized room for what they paid
looks can be deceiving. a person, place, thing, or situation can be very different from how it seems or appears to be at first glance. Person 1: "I didn't expect him to be so good at basketball."  Person 2: "Yeah, looks can be deceiving.". The guy didn't appear to be good at basketball. The guy appears to be good at basketball
a man is known by the company he keeps. people are similar in character to their friends. Person 1: "I don't trust that guy, he's always hanging out with troublemakers."  Person 2: "Well, you know what they say, a man is known by the company he keeps.". The guy is probably not a trouble maker. The guy is probably a trouble maker
handsome is as handsome does. a person's good actions, rather than outward appeal, define his or her handsomeness in the eyes of others. Person 1: "Wow, that guy is so good-looking!"  Person 2: "Handsome is as handsome does.". The guy's actions are more important than his looks. The guy's actions are not more important than his looks
hindsight is 20/20. (idiomatic) in hindsight things are obvious that were not obvious from the outset; one is able to evaluate past choices more clearly than at the time of the choice. Person 1: "I can't believe I invested all my money in that company."  Person 2: "Well, hindsight is 20/20.". The investment is bad to begin with and could have been predicted. The investment is bad only in hindsight and could not have been predicted
opportunity makes a thief. less common version of opportunity makes the thief: people are more likely to steal something if presented with a convenient opportunity to do so. Person 1: "Did you hear about the burglary at the jewelry store last night?" Person 2: "No, what happened?" Person 1: "Someone broke in and stole all the diamonds." Person 2: "That's terrible. Why would someone do that?" Person 1: "You know what they say, opportunity makes a thief.". The jewelry store left an opportunity open for burglary. The jewelry store did not leave any opportunity for burglary
it is better to travel hopefully than to arrive. the journey or process is more important or more enjoyable than the destination or end result. Person A: "Are you excited to finally reach our destination?"  Person B: "Honestly, it's the journey that I enjoy more. It is better to travel hopefully than to arrive.". The destination is more important than the journey. The journey is more important the the destination
you can't put an old head on young shoulders. young people inevitably lack the experience and wisdom which come with age. Person 1: "I can't believe my little sister is acting so immature lately."  Person 2: "She's still young. You can't put an old head on young shoulders.". The little sister is still too young to know better. The little sister should know better
behind every great man there stands a woman. of behind every successful man there stands a woman (men's success often depends on the support and work of their wives or female partners). Person A: "Wow, he's so successful and accomplished!"  Person B: "Yes, but behind every great man there stands a woman.". The man owns a large part of his success to himself. The man owes a large part of his success to a woman
love the sinner, hate the sin. (chiefly christianity) do not treat people badly because of their faults, but do not go so far as to accept or approve the faults themselves. Person 1: "I can't believe he cheated on his wife again."  Person 2: "Yeah, it's disappointing. But we should remember to love the sinner, hate the sin.". The man should be judged for his actions, but not treated badly. The man should be treated badly for his actions
truth is stranger than fiction. sometimes actual events are stranger than imagined ones. Person 1: "Did you hear about the man who lived with a pack of wolves for six months?"  Person 2: "No way, that sounds made up."  Person 1: "It's true! Truth is stranger than fiction.". The man who lived with wolves story is actually not true. The man who lived with wolves story is actually true
beauty is only skin deep. what matters is a person's character, rather than his/her appearance. Person A: Wow, that model is so beautiful! She looks like an angle, it must be great to be friend with her. Person B: Remember, beauty is only skin deep. The model may have an ugly personality. The model's personality is as beautiful as their appearance
there is no such thing as bad press. of any press is good press. Reporter: "Mr. Smith, what do you have to say about the negative reviews your company has been receiving lately?"  Mr. Smith: "Well, as they say, there is no such thing as bad press.". The negative reviews will be harmful. The negative reviews will bring benefits due to publicity
appearances are deceptive. it is not possible to judge a person's character from their outward appearance. Person A: "That new guy seems really quiet and reserved."  Person B: "Don't judge a book by its cover. Appearances are deceptive.". The new guy may not be as quiet and reserved as he seems. The new guy is as quiet and reserved as he seems
better the devil you know than the devil you don't know. something bad and familiar is better than something bad and unknown. Person A: "I'm thinking of quitting my job and trying something new."  Person B: "Are you sure that's a good idea? Better the devil you know than the devil you don't know.". The new job may be better than the current job. The new job may be worse than the current job
there's many a good tune played on an old fiddle. just because something or someone is old does not mean that it or they are no longer useful or worthwhile. Person 1: "I can't believe I'm still using this old laptop. It's so slow!"  Person 2: "There's many a good tune played on an old fiddle.". The old laptop may still work well. The old laptop will likely break soon
yesterday is gone. it is impossible to change or to relive what has already happened. Person 1: "I can't believe I lost that opportunity yesterday." Person 2: "Sorry, yesterday is gone. ". The opportunity is worth regretting. The opportunity is gone and not worth regretting
good things come to those who wait. a patient seeker will be satisfied in due time; patience is a virtue. Person 1: "I'm getting impatient waiting for my package to arrive."  Person 2: "Just be patient, good things come to those who wait.". The package will be worth the wait. The package will not be worth the wait
spare the rod and spoil the child. if one does not discipline a child, he or she will never learn obedience and good manners. Parent: "I think we should be more lenient with our child's punishment." Grandparent: "No, spare the rod and spoil the child.". The parent should be more lenient. The parent should be more tolerant
location, location, location. the most important consideration in buying real estate is its location. Person 1: "I found the perfect apartment for rent!"  Person 2: "Really? Where is it?"  Person 1: "Right in the heart of the city, but it costs 3000$ per month." Person 2: "Location, location, location!". The apartment is worth the price. The apartment is not worth the price
the fewer the better fare. things are better when fewer people are involved. Person 1: "I'm thinking of inviting everyone to the party."  Person 2: "Are you sure about that? The fewer the better fare.". The party would be better with more people. The party would be better with fewer people
the voice of the people, the voice of God. the voice of the people should be heard. Person 1: "Who do you think knows what's best for our country?"  Person 2: "The voice of the people, the voice of God.". The people knows what's best for the country. The people does not know what's best for the country
it's the hit dog that howls. (us) if somebody is ranting or complaining about something, they were probably hurt by it. Person 1: "Why is he getting so defensive about it?" Person 2: "It's the hit dog that howls.". The person being defensive was probably not hurt by the comments. The person being defensive was probably hurt by the comments
love is blind. a person who is in love can see no faults or imperfections in the person whom they love. Person 1: "Why do you think she's still with him? He's not even that good-looking."  Person 2: "I am not sure, love is blind.". The person is in love and looks does not matter. The person is not in love but looks still matter
you can't fix stupid. it is often fruitless to help people that are stupid and do stupid things. Person 1: "I spend 2 hours arguing with Bob, I am so angry!" Person 2: "What happend?" Person 1: "I can't believe he thought the earth was flat."  Person 2: "Well, you can't fix stupid.". The person is smart and worth convincing. The person is stupid and not worth convincing
who keeps company with the wolf will learn to howl. a person tends to take on the characteristics of those with whom he or she associates. Person 1: "I don't understand why he's always getting into trouble with the law."  Person 2: "Who keeps company with the wolf will learn to howl.". The person probably have law breaking friends. The person probably does not have law breaking friends
every man has a price. everyone can be bribed or corrupted for a certain price. Person 1: "I can't believe he sold out like that."  Person 2: "Every man has a price.". The person was not paid a lot of money. The person was likely paid a lot of money
the mills of the gods grind slowly. justice may arrive slowly, but it cannot be avoided. Person 1: "I can't believe that person who wronged me hasn't faced any consequences yet."  Person 2: "Don't worry, the mills of the gods grind slowly, but they grind exceedingly fine.". The person will eventually face consequences. The person will never face consequences
give him enough rope and he'll hang himself. if one gives someone enough freedom of action, they may destroy themselves by foolish actions. Person A: "Should we intervene and stop him from making that mistake?" Person B: "No, let him be. Give him enough rope and he'll hang himself.". The person's mistakes will not lead to their downfall. The person's mistakes will eventual lead to their downfall
Rome wasn't built in a day. (idiomatic) it takes a long time to create something complicated or impressive. Person 1: "Why haven't you finished your project yet?" Person 2: "I'm still working on it, but Rome wasn't built in a day.". The project will take some time to finish. The project will finish soon
you pays your money and you takes your chances. there is no guarantee that you will get the result you want. Person 1: "Do you think we should try the new restaurant in town?"  Person 2: "I've heard mixed reviews, but hey, you pays your money and you takes your chances.". The restaurant may be good. The restaurant may not be good
man is a wolf to man. humans prey upon one another. Person 1: "Did you hear about the robbery that happened last night?"  Person 2: "Yeah, it's crazy how people can be so cruel. I guess it's true what they say, man is a wolf to man.". The robbery happened because people are cruel. The robbery happened but not because people are cruel
all publicity is good publicity. of any press is good press. Person A: "Did you hear about that scandal with the famous actor?"  Person B: "Yeah, it's all over the news. But you know what they say, all publicity is good publicity.". The scandal will hurt the actor's career. The scandal will help the actor's career
you buy cheap, you get cheap. inexpensive goods and services tend to be inferior to more expensive ones. Person 1: "I bought this shirt for only $5, but it already has holes in it."  Person 2: "What do you expect? You buy cheap, you get cheap.". The shirt got holes in it so soon because it's cheap. The shirt got holes in it so soon because it's poorly made
you get what you pay for. in commercial transactions, the quality of goods and services increases as the prices increase, i. Customer: "This shirt is falling apart after one wash, I demand a refund!"  Store Clerk: "I'm sorry, but that shirt was only $5. You get what you pay for.". The shirt is falling apart so soon because it is poorly made. The shirt is falling apart so soon because it is cheap
big things come in small packages. things should not be underestimated because of their small size. Person 1: "Wow, this gift is so small. I thought it was going to be bigger."  Person 2: "Don't judge a book by its cover. Remember, big things come in small packages.". The small gift may turn out to be really good. The small gift will be disappointing
mighty oaks from little acorns grow. something great can come from a modest beginning. Person A: "I'm not sure if this small idea will work." Person B: "Don't underestimate it. Mighty oaks from little acorns grow.". The small idea will stay small. The small idea may turn into something big
the real treasure is the friends we made along the way. the journey is often more important than the destination. Person 1: "I can't believe we didn't find any gold on this treasure hunt."  Person 2: "Yeah, but you know what they say, the real treasure is the friends we made along the way.". The treasure hunt process is more important than the gold. The treasure hunt process is not more important than the gold
history is written by the victors. history is often told according to the interpretation and biases of prevailing historical actors, often those who won in geopolitical disputes or otherwise became dominant forces in society. Person A: "I can't believe they're teaching us this version of history." Person B: "As they say, history is written by the victors.". The version of history being taught is not biased towards the winning side. The version of history being taught is biased towards the winning side
in like a lion, out like a lamb. of march comes in like a lion and goes out like a lamb. Person 1: "How's the weather today?"  Person 2: "It's pretty rough, but they say March comes in like a lion, out like a lamb.". The weather will get better by the end of March. The weather will not get much better by the end of March
beauty is in the eye of the beholder. different people have different views on what is beautiful; beauty is subjective. Person 1: "I don't understand why people like that painting. It's so ugly."  Person 2: "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.". There are no others that find the painting beautiful. There are others that find the painting beautiful
enough is as good as a feast. just the right amount is as good as more than enough: there is no value in excess. Person A: "I'm thinking of ordering another pizza, what do you think?"  Person B: "No, let's not overdo it. Enough is as good as a feast.". There is enough pizza, another will be excessive. Another pizza will not be excessive
if ifs and buts were candy and nuts, we'd all have a merry Christmas. of if wishes were horses, beggars would ride. Person 1: "I wish I had studied harder for that test." Person 2: "You can't change the past. If ifs and buts were candy and nuts, we'd all have a merry Christmas.". It's useful in regretting what could have been done. It's useless in regretting what could have been done
what you see is what you get. the image corresponds to the reality. Person 1: "Is there anything else you can tell me about the product?"  Person 2: "Nope, what you see is what you get.". There is nothing more to say about the product. There is something more to the product
proverbs run in pairs. every proverb seems to be contradicted by another proverb with an opposed message, such as "too many cooks spoil the broth" and "many hands make light work. Person 1: "I heard that 'actions speak louder than words'."  Person 2: "Oh, that reminds me of another one. Proverbs run in pairs.". There is not a proverb that says words are more important than actions. There is probably a proverb that says words are more important than actions
one man's trash is another man's treasure. what is useless to one person is valuable to another. Person 1: "Why are you digging through that pile of junk?"  Person 2: "I'm looking for something I could savage."  Person 1: "Seriously? This is all just garbage."  Person 2: "I am broke. One man's trash is another man's treasure.". There may be something useful in the pile of junk. There is nothing useful in the pile of junk
walls have ears. there is a risk of being overheard, so be careful about what you say. Person 1: "I don't think we should talk about this here."  Person 2: "Why not?"  Person 1: "Because walls have ears.". There is no others listening in on the conversation. There might be others listening in on the conversation
sow the wind, reap the whirlwind. every decision has consequences; a person's actions will come back to them; if one starts trouble or takes actions in spite of the discontent they cause, one will incur negative consequences. Person A: "I can't believe you cheated on your partner again." Person B: "Well, I guess I'll just have to face the consequences." Person A: "Sow the wind, reap the whirlwind.". There will be negative consequence for Person B's cheating. There will not be negative consequences for Person 2's cheating
what's done cannot be undone. of what's done is done. Person A: "I can't believe I told him my secret. What if he tells everyone?"  Person B: "What's done cannot be undone.". Person A should worry about the secret getting out, since they've already told someone. There's no point in worrying about the secret getting out, now that Person A has told someone
curiosity killed the cat. one should not be curious about things that can be dangerous. Person 1: "Hey, have you heard about that abandoned house on the outskirts of town?"  Person 2: "No, why?"  Person 1: "I heard it's haunted and people who go in never come out. Should we check it out?"  Person 2: "Curiosity killed the cat.". They should not check the abandoned house. They should check the abandoned house
ready, fire, aim. used as a reminder that prompt action is often better than thoroughly planned action, especially in business. Person 1: "I think we should launch the product now." Person 2: "But we haven't done any market research yet!" Person 1: "Ready, fire, aim!". They should not launch the product until market research is done. They should launch the product even without market research
it ain't over 'til the fat lady sings. there are more developments yet to come; one should not presume to know the outcome of an event which is still in progress. Person 1: "I think we're going to lose this game."  Person 2: "Don't give up yet, it ain't over 'til the fat lady sings.". They should not give up until the game actually ends. They should give up now
in unity, there is strength. more can be accomplished by a team with a common goal than by individuals. Person A: "I don't think we can do this alone." Person B: "I agree. In unity, there is strength.". They should work separately. They should work together
murder will out. a murderer will always be discovered. Person A: "I can't believe they got away with it."  Person B: "Don't worry, murder will out.". They will eventually be caught. They are unlikely to be caught
love conquers all. love is a powerful force that overcomes all obstacles. Person 1: "I don't think we can make it through this tough time." Person 2: "But we have each other, and love conquers all.". They will not make it through even though they love other. They will make it through because they love other
you can't go home again. past times which are fondly remembered are irrecoverably in the past and cannot be relived. Person 1: "I miss the way things used to be."  Person 2: "Yeah, but you know what they say, you can't go home again.". Things will not go back to the way Person 1 remembers. Things may go back to the way Person 1 remembers
another day, another dollar. everything is routine and mundane, and nothing eventful or extraordinary has happened. Person 1: "How was work today?"  Person 2: "Same old, same old. Another day, another dollar.". Today was not a regular work day. Today was a regular work day
too much water drowned the miller. one may have too much of a good thing. Person 1: "Why did you add so much salt to the soup?"  Person 2: "I thought it needed more flavor."  Person 1: "Well, too much water drowned the miller."  Person 2: "I guess I'll be more careful next time.". Too much salt is not a good thing. Too much salt is a good thing
you only go around once. a person has only one lifetime, and should therefore take every opportunity to enjoy a wide variety of experiences and to maximize his or her accomplishments and satisfaction. Person 1: "I'm thinking about quitting my job and traveling the world."  Person 2: "But what about your career?"  Person 1: "Life is too short to not follow your dreams. You only go around once.". Travelling the world is not worth it. Travelling the world is worth it because life is short
that's the way the cookie crumbles. that is the way things happen; that's life. Person 1: "I lost my wallet on the bus today." Person 2: "That's too bad, but that's the way the cookie crumbles.". Unfortunate things happen all the time. Unfortunate things rarely happen
a new broom sweeps clean, but an old broom knows the corners. (commonwealth) new management imposes radical changes, but those with prior experience have more knowledge. Person 1: "We should replace all the old employees with new ones to improve productivity."  Person 2: "I don't think that's a good idea. A new broom sweeps clean, but an old broom knows the corners.". We don't need old employees for their experience and knowledge. We need old employees for their experience and knowledge
it doesn't matter what they say about you as long as they spell your name right. of any press is good press. Person 1: "I heard some people talking about you behind your back." Person 2: "Oh really? What did they say?" Person 1: "It doesn't matter what they say about you as long as they spell your name right.". What matters is people are talking about you, not what they say. What matters is what people are saying about you
all's well that ends well. a happy ending makes up for everything that has gone before. Person 1: "I thought we were going to be late for the movie, but we made it just in time!"  Person 2: "Yeah, and we even got good seats. All's well that ends well.". What led up to the movie matters, even though they made it. Whatever led up to the movies doesn't matter as long as their made it
business before pleasure. discharging one's obligations must take precedence over devoting time to pursuits meant solely for one's own gratification. Person 1: "Hey, do you want to grab a drink after work?"  Person 2: "Sorry, I can't. I have to finish this report before tomorrow."  Person 1: "Oh, okay. No problem."  Person 2: "Business before pleasure, right?". Work is more important than grabbing drinks. Work is as important as grabbing drinks
all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. too much focus on one's career may lead to one being uninteresting company. Person 1: "Hey Jack, why are you always working so hard?"  Person 2: "I just want to get ahead in my career."  Person 1: "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.". Working too little will make Jack uninteresting. Working too much will make Jack uninteresting
a revolution is not a dinner party. in order to achieve something, courtesy, long-held norms, and other such formalities must be dropped. Person 1: "Can't we just have a peaceful protest?"  Person 2: "A revolution is not a dinner party.". Revolution can be peaceful. Revolution could be violent
a cat may look at a king. a purported inferior has certain rights or prerogatives, even in the presence of a purported superior. Person 1: "That girl over there is so pretty and she keeps looking at me." Person 2: "Uhm, even a cat may look at a king.". The girl is out of Person 1's league, but person 1 has the right to fantasise. The girl is out of Person 1's league, but person 1 has no right to fantasise
it takes all kinds to make a world. (idiomatic) diversity is essential: the world would be incomplete if everyone were alike; an expression of surprise at a person or people's eccentricity. Person 1: "I can't believe someone would actually enjoy eating that!"  Person 2: "Surprise! It takes all kinds to make a world.". It's normal that people enjoy same things. It's normal that people enjoy different things