Index	Dialogue context	Response	Comparator	Source	Target

1	he probably was knighted by the queen of england since this the only country that knights people . she knighted elton john . && no , serious ? get out of town !	i am as serious as a janitor in chicago wrote 15,145 page fantasy manuscript with over 300 watercolor illustrations which was only discovered after his death .	as serious as	i	a janitor

2	is there really ? do you know who ? && i do , i used to follow him on instagram , he has mad skills , his name is jann mardenborough	impressive ! and a little crazy ! just as crazy as a group of climbers finding a piano at the top of britain 's highest mountain in 2006 .	as crazy as	he has mad skills	a group of climbers finding a piano at the top of britain 's highest mountain in 2006

3	how long does neptune take ? i did not realize the sun rotates as well . && it completed its first full orbit in 2011 since it was in 1846 !	wow . that is pretty nuts . just as nuts as a radio station that plays the sounds the sun makes !	as nuts as	it completed its first full orbit in 2011 since it was in 1846	a radio station that plays the sounds the sun makes 

4	i think it can be a source of a common ground && its interesting that some people see sports as religion . with all the similarities of rules and rituals etc	i can see that people would have to be as dedicated to their sport as a religion to be successful	as dedicated to their sport as	sport	a religion

5	yeah , because i was assuming he died . he 's very lucky . && a camera was able to actually reach 300 ft . down in one spot .	yeah i heard it was like a maze and they did n't know actually where the drain pipe goes to find the young boy .	was like	the drain pipe	a maze

6	that is fascinating . some birds migrate from alaska to mexico without sleeping ! && i would n't make a good bird ! could n't do that , at all .	me either . i sometimes worry i would be like a dodo bird . they are in a sub - family of pigeon .	be like	i	a dodo bird

7	pretty good . are you a good swimmer ? && yes , i 've been swimming all my life .	me to , have you ever heard of the swimming competition that binds both hands and feet so the participate has to swim like a dolphin .	swim like	the participate	a dolphin

8	i can totally see that i would probably vote for donald duck before mickey && lol i always like pluto .	pluto was always a mystery to me because goofy could talk and acted like a human and pluto was just a dog ... haha i think all characters might have something in common with presidental candidates	acted like	goofy	a dog

9	good call , do you know who the first ever team to beat the packers was ? && i learned of that recently , the beloit fairies ! whatever happened to them ?	yeah i wonder who ever came up with the team name , it 's like a super large person named tiny or something .	's like	the beloit fairies	a super large person named tiny

10	i guess they would make a difference either way . chips is chips . parts is parts . && the inflatable football was such an ordeal at the time .	the football should never be tampered with . it is like a holy relic , sacrosanct .	is like	the football	a holy relic

11	haha i could see that , i do think it d be interesting if trump released a pop album like the president of indonesia apparently did && it would be terrible ! i would listen to it though !	haha it would be like a train wreck , it 'd be horrible but you could n't not pay attention to it	be like	trump released a pop album	a train wreck

12	well i do know that it is about four times as dense as the sun , what about you ? && more than 80 % of the forests are gone , sadly	that is sad , but i think jupiter is the unsung hero of the planets , it acts like a shield and has saved the earth from asteroids	acts like	jupiter	a shield

13	do you like to swim ? && i do like to swim . in fact i have a pool .	nice ! i 'm jealous ! there is a competitive swimming type where the swimmer has their hands and legs bound and they swim like a dolphin . kind of odd .	swim like	the swimmer	a dolphin

14	i 'd say . it sounds like it is teens letting them go , && it could be but but they still call it the lizard king which is cool	yes . the whole problem is like a horror film meant to elicit fear . did you know stephen king was scared of bambi ?	is like	the whole problem	a horror film

15	doing well , i was just reading news about tom brady 's new athlete bible , have you heard of it ? && yes i believe i have heard about it . have you read it ?	no , but they say brady is like a messiah to patriot fans , i think some people spend too much time with football , how about you ?	is like	tom brady	a messiah

16	did you know that sunset on mars in blue ? && really ? wonder if any animals live there like the 20 quintillion on earth .	do n't think so . it 's like a ball of fire rotating as a solid body . the equator rotates faster than the poles .	's like	mars	a ball of fire

17	governors have different powers between different political systems . schwarzenegger was a governor in ca ! && i must have been tough for him to learn all the political stuff to be governor .	he was surely a " star " ! he commuted by private jet to sacramento everyday ! our politics in the us is like a sport .	is like	our politics in the us	a sport

18	so it was a vinyl release , do you have the album in vinyl format or a cd or ... a cassette tape ? && yes . i have the vinyl album	do you like the vinyl format ? i like it , it is like a ritual .	is like	the vinyl format	a ritual

19	i guess there 's a lot of controversy because of that , do you like snakes ? && no . i hate snakes . i mean irrational hate ! do you ?	i have a healthy respect for them and would scream like a little girl if i ever saw one next to me lol , they are interesting animals though	scream like	i	a little girl

20	i could totally see someone using their shoe or something crazy like that in a pinch . && and you just know someone tried to just use their palms / fist	it would be like a bad commercial !	be like	someone using their shoe or something crazy like that in a pinch	a bad commercial

21	i do . it has become an important part of my life , perhaps too important . lol && i know right , the internet is like a basic need for me lol	i worry that i am becoming addicted . it is like a drug to me . i keep looking for things to entertain me .	is like	the internet	a drug

22	yeah , that 's weird . i also heard that jupiter 's gravity saves us from many asteroids . && that 's a good thing . i guess their gravity well vacuums up a lot of income debris .	yeah , it 's like a personal bodyguard .	's like	jupiter	a personal bodyguard

23	hmm , i do n't see the resemblance to a hamburger && kinda . constant novelty from clicking links on the internet can cause real addiction measurable in the brain	yea it 's like a drug , i guess that s one of the reasons mt . everest has full internet capabilities	's like	the internet	a drug

24	and there might be a region of space pulling galaxies outside of the universe that we know . that 's kind of scary . && well that 's what gravity does unfortunately .	i just imagine us being pulled like a rubber band !	pulled like	us	a rubber band

25	You seem to be upset . What ’ s eating you ?  &&  It ’ s because of my son . Dick keeps getting on my nerves	Dick ? How come ? He used to be as meek as a lamb .	as meek as	my son	a lamb

26	Hi , excuse me . I am sorry to bug you , but do you know where the Royal Hotel is ?  &&  Just a minute . I am as busy as a bee right now ... Ok , I am done . What can I do for you ?	Well , I seem to be a little bit lost here . I am worried that I ’ ll never find my way . What's worse . I forgot my glasses and as blind as a bat now .	as blind as	I	a bat

27	Yeah , I think so . I think the hotel is right across the street from a post office . It is as plain as the hump on a camel . You can't miss it .  &&  Oh , that's good . I should be able to find it pretty easily then . Is that far from here ?	Yeah , it ’ s gonna take you a while if you go by foot . I ’ d say it's about a 30 - minute uphill walk . You have to be as strong as a lion to make it .	as strong as	You	a lion

28	Yeah . Li Na's mother has been building a fire under her since her neighbour's daughter got married with a Canadian . She's almost driving Li Na crazy .  &&  If I were Li Na , I would ask her if she had done that .	She a as meek as a lamb . She never goes against anyone or anything . She's as good as gold , you know ?	as good as	Li Na	gold

29	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .  &&  Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	Yes , it is a bold design . People will believe he can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . It just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .	as an impressive as	illustration	a business card

30	What's strange about that ! As a person born under the sign of Cancer , I am home-loving and wish for a peaceful family life . But according to astrology , Sagittarius guys are too adventurous and risk-taking.They seldom think of leading a settled and peaceful life .  &&  Is that so ? I'm afraid it is too narrow-minded to judge people using astrology . It's all stereotypes !	But in my case , the fact matches the theory . Mike is humorous , energetic , always as fresh as a daisy , but probably too ambitious . It frightens me !	as fresh as	Mike	a daisy

31	Yeah , some places are very short of water .  &&  Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .	You see , . This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone .	as dry as	lands	a bone

32	Yeah , some places are very short of water .  &&  Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .	You see , This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone .	as dry as	lands	a bone

33	Welcome ! Sophia told us you were coming !  &&  Um ... It's wonderful to be here . Uh ... this place looks really cozy .	Thank you ! Your cheeks are as red as a tomato ! Are you shy ?	as red as	Your cheeks	a tomato

34	Sounds like you may be far-sighted . OK , then , cover your left eye and read the chart in front of you .  &&  Mmm .. . X , E , R , 3 , a question mark , and I can ’ t quite make out the other symbol but I think it ’ s the peace sign .	Wow , Arthur ! You ’ re as blind as a bat !	as blind as	You	a bat

35	one thing that always bothered me about metal gear solid	can n't remember which game , but there was one where this happened and your character was like a button ? what are you talking about ?	was like	your character	a button

36	It ’ me . Susan Taylor  &&  Oh , please come in . nice to see you .	On , what ’ re you doing ? You look as busy as a bee .	as busy as	You	a bee

37	Do you drink the Robust Milk every day ?  &&  Not every day , but occasionally .	It will make you as fit as a fiddle .	as fit as	you	a fiddle

38	before the iphone game	he seemed about as ineffectual as a wrecking ball in the movie as red birds are in the game	as ineffectual as	he	a wrecking ball

39	I swear , I ’ m going to kill you for this .  &&  What ’ s wrong ? Didn ’ t you think it was fun ? !	Oh , yeah ! I had a blast ! I love sweating like a pig with a bunch of pot bellies who all smell bad . Sorry , I ’ m just not into this health kick .	sweating like	I	a pig

40	I see . Then let's make a shoppinglIist first before we go there.othe rise , It may take us a whole day to search for the things you need .  &&  No problem . I need some markers , some color pencils , a pair of scissors , some highlighter , rulers ..	Wow , it is like a maze , I think I might get lost soon .	is like	shoppinglIist	a maze

41	You ’ d better get up , or you ’ ll be late .  &&  What are you talking about ? My alarm hasn ’ t even gone off yet .	Yes , it did . It went off 30 minutes ago . You slept right through it . You ’ re like a dead person while you sleep .	’ re like	You	a dead person

42	God knows . Speaking of chores , I would rather do some washing than cooking .  &&  For me , I think I will iron my shirt and trousers . Actually , weekends tend to be the most hectic day in the whole week .	I really hope that I could sleep like a log all through two nights . But ... Some one said that weekends are a bit like rainbows ; they look good from a distance but disappear before we get up close to them .	sleep like	I	a log

43	Good morning !  &&  Good morning , Gav ! Did you sleep well last night ?	I slept like a baby . I fell asleep right away last night , didn't wake up once , and didn't have any nightmares !	slept like	I	a baby

44	Yeah , I am very impressed with Tom Hanks ' performance in the movie .  &&  I am also impressed with the lines in the movie .	Life is like a box of chocolates , you never know what you're gonna get .	is like	Life	a box of chocolates

45	Well , we were talking and catching up on what we ’ Ve been doing , talking about work and family , when all of a sudden , Matt saw a mouse run under his chair and he completely lost it ! He started freaking out , and screaming ...  &&  Ha ha , really ?	Yeah , and the funniest thing was , that he jumped on to his chair and started shrieking like a girl . You had to be there ! Everyone was staring and laughing ... it was hilarious !	shrieking like	Matt	a girl

46	A friendly one . I think an open , friendly , honest relationship should exist . An employee should feel she ( he ) can go to her ( his ) boss anytime with any kind of question .  &&  Sometimes working with a foreign company can be stressful . Foreigners tend to get excited or angry easily , and they show it . Are you sure you can handle this stress ? How do you deal with conflict in your present job ?	Well , there's a lot of stress in a Chinese company also , although much of it is below the surface . I have confidence in my ability to handle conflict . If I have a problem with a co-worker , I do everything I can to work it out directly with that person . If I am unable to work it out , then I ask a supervisor to help out . If my boss shouts at me , I try not to take it personally . I try my best to understand the stress he is under . It's kind of like being in a family . Often family members say things in the heat of the moment , but don't mean what they say . A company is like a family , it has good times and bad times .	of like	company	a family

47	This feels great . I'm all reed up . I can keep going all night .  &&  Not me . I'm too hot and I'm too tired .	Exercise has no benefit unless you sweat like a pig .	sweat like	you	a pig

48	so guys , what 's the weirdest thing you judge a girl on ? EOS i hate when girls wear those huge sunglasses .	those sunglasses are like a big neon sign screaming i think my face is so unattractive that i have to cover it with these massive plastic monstrosities	like	huge sunglasses	a big neon sign

49	dae feel that ? 5.2 magnitude earthquake just before dawn	since i live off mt auburn i assume every time anything shakes is because some truck is driving like a dumbass ( the answer is no )	driving like	truck	a dumbass

50	sarah palin : ron paul is the one americans need to listen to on domestic spending	oh wow , reddit 's head is going to explode . sarah palin , someone they despise , loving on someone they worship like a deity ?	worship like	ron paul	a deity

51	my gf likes popping the ones on my nose so much that she will offer sex in a heart beat	mine does too ! she also likes using the biore nose strips on me . it 's like a little city living on my nose !	's like	biore nose strips	a little city living on my nose

52	What do you do in your spare time ?  &&  I like to play golf , play badminton or crack jokes .	I just like to sleep like a lazy cat .	sleep like	I	a lazy cat

53	The bracelet is so well suited to you . It looks very nice .	Yeah , I cherish it . Because I have been working like a dog for two months to buy it .	working like	I	a dog

54	Yes , I have .  &&  Does the pian become more intense at night ?	Yes , it does . Just like a needle prick . Besides , the place that hurts often feels cold , too .	Just like	pian	a needle prick

55	We don't have a full-sized swimming pool , but we do have individual swim stations .  &&  What exactly does that mean ?	Basically , a swim station is like a treadmill , except instead of running , you swim .	is like	swim station	a treadmill

56	There are four more stops .  &&  Oh , my God !	What's wrong ? You are like a little monkey , on pins and needles !	are like	You	a little monkey

57	He has a girlfriend already .  &&  You are kidding ! He just broke up with Ann .	His new girlfriend is a far cry from Ann . She is like a breath of fresh air .	is like	His new girlfriend	a breath of fresh air

58	to all my bearded brothers	you have described my favourite thing about winter . it 's like a scarf for my face !	's like	beard	a scarf for my face

59	seriously ! i was playing tony hawk at 14 ... and eating gushers	gushers only taste better as you get older , they are like a fine wine	are like	gushers	a fine wine

60	faces are back , and something new	i understand nothing what was said in this post , but i upvote like a good drone	upvote like	i	a good drone

61	how can i get my girlfriend to stop talking like a baby ?	i dont know have you tried telling her to stop talking like a baby just a thought bro	talking like	my girlfriend	a baby

62	let 's get this party started .	if that is dragon age 2 this is like a sandwich of canned tuna with the finest artisan bread available	is like	dragon age 2	a sandwich

63	saw this while truckin in kansas city	quite an awesome use of pylons if i do say so myself , it 's like a scarecrow to protect that backhoe	's like	pylons	a scarecrow

64	my friend saved my life tonight , so i made this comic .	that 's a good brah right there . do not base your self worth on a woman , especially one as inhumane as a cheater . chin up brah .	as inhumane as	a woman	a cheater

65	dae do things unnecessarily carefully when high ?	when i 'm reeeally high this sometimes happens , but not much anymore , luckily . i remember opening and closing doors as slowly and delicately as a surgeon .	as slowly and delicately as	i	a surgeon

66	who knew stoner dog had a job ?	the dog on the left is the spitting image of my dog , butch . he is as canny as they come and as sly as a fox .	as sly as	he	a fox

67	so the revolution was televisied ...	television and social media did not start any revolution . it was an instrument used . and apparently as effectively as a blade or bullet .	as effectively as	television	a blade

68	think she 'll be happy when she get 's home ? !	well i 'm going to try my damnedest , haha . i want this cat to be as happy as a pig covered in grape jelly !	as happy as	this cat	a pig

69	dae feel chuck berry does n't get nearly enough credit these days ?	yeah before he really got the ' videotaping women in the bathroom ' scene going this world was as bland as a cardboard stand .	as bland as	this world	a cardboard stand

70	made my cat this fort .	i made one like this in the back yard from refrigerator boxes for my kids 5th birthday . they were as happy as a box of cats ! ?	as happy as	my kids	a box of cats

71	reddit , if aliens ever landed on earth , how would you react ?	get them cinnabon . aliens love cinnabon . but obscure reference aside i think i would be as giddy as a school girl that just met justin bieber .	as giddy as	i	a school girl

72	first attempt at diy digital camouflage paint job ! what do you think reddit ?	wait , is digital camo supposed to trick digital cameras ? i 've thought for years it was as gimmicky as a pocket sized dog .	as gimmicky as	digital camo	a pocket sized dog

73	i had a dream last night that the doctor regenerated into hugh laurie . reality will never be enough .	you 're cybermen . great , you 're about as effective as a wet tissue . now go away before i decide to kill you yet again .	as effective as	you	a wet tissue

74	hudson hawk is a fun and funny blast from the past with comedy , action and romance	overproduced ego driven star vehicle remains a calamitous and only occasionally amusing mess 20 years later . about as entertaining as a bruno and the heaters album .	as entertaining as	overproduced ego driven star vehicle	a bruno and the heaters album

75	if you went fishing and caught mermeid , what would you do ? no , she does n't speak english .	if i am to assume that she is as intelligent as a human being , then i would release her , and leave her alone .	as intelligent as	mermeid	a human being

76	mom ( kind of ) uses an ipad	is n't the ipad about as complicated as a toaster ? if your mom does n't know how to use it then there 's something wrong .	as complicated as	the ipad	a toaster

77	what is a personal meme or saying you and your friends have made up ?	when someone is crazy drunk we refer to them as wild as a turkey ( obviously comes from an encounter with a bottle of wild turkey bourbon )	as wild as	someone	a turkey

78	i really hate myself for laughing ...	everyone knows the red birds do naf all . it 's all about the black bomb birds for something as robust as a car .	as robust as	the black bomb birds	a car

79	how i picture direwolves ...	i picture direwolves as being as tall as that dog is right now when standing on all 4 legs , so as big as a horse	as big as	direwolves	a horse

80	til that spider silk has the power to stop a boeing 747 in flight . link comes complete with data !	if it were as thick as a pencil . still pretty impressive but good luck getting enough spider silk to make even that thick of a cable	as thick as	that spider silk	a pencil

81	giant 's response to gm 's recent ad	i 'm rather short . how am i supposed to ride a giant bicycle ? i mean look at that thing , it is as big as a truck	as big as	bicycle	a truck

82	if you could go back 10 years with the knowledge you have now , what is the one thing that you could do to make the most money ?	get a job when i started high school . i 'm in my senior year and as broke as a cod game .	as broke as	i	a cod game

83	i call this turf ' n ' turf .	that 's the difference between me and this man . he consumes because he 's a free american , i consume because i 'm as high as a satellite .	as high as	i	a satellite

84	dae read an everyday word so many times that the spelling just does n't look or sound right ?	the word reddit is a shape as recognizable as a circle to me now . i have n't actually read the word in months	as recognizable as	the word reddit	a circle

85	introducing critic cat	and it will be like a taco inside taco within a taco bell that 's inside a kfc that 's within a mall that 's inside your dream !	be like	critic cat	a taco inside taco within a taco bell

86	internet police here . i 've heard reports of a karma robbery in the area , which way did the bastard go ? i 'll catch him .	karma police arrest this man he talks in maths , he buzzes like a fridge , he 's like a de tuned radio !	buzzes like	this man	a fridge

87	breaking : wi republican sen grothman attempts to stroll through the protest is surrounded by a crowd chanting shame decides to re enter the capitol ... oops , all the doors are locked vdo	prepare thy facades and shutter yer windows , for we come like a gale !	come like	we	a gale

88	scientifically speaking , how fast is the flash ?	is n't superman as fast as the flash ? does that mean that superman has his already incredibly overpowered powers and can slap like a couple of thousand nukes ?	slap like	superman	a couple of thousand nukes

89	you want me to do what ? ! ?	now , let 's you just drop them pants ... just take ' em right off .. i bet you can squeal like a pig	squeal like	you	a pig

90	what 's your favorite bad movie , no matter how awful it is you still end up watching it . EOS roadhouse . pain do n't hurt	take the biggest guy in the world , shatter his knee and he 'll drop like a stone	drop like	the biggest guy	a stone

91	title escapes me but i know there 's something here	there is nothing here but a free burrito on halloween . chipotle will give you a free burrito on halloween if you dress like a burrito fyi	dress like	you	a burrito fyi

92	if you do n't stop sniffling , i 'm going to punch you in the face .	work at a daycare for a while , and you will become completely immune to the bizarre noises of others . it 's like a superpower !	's like	immune to the bizarre noises of others	a superpower

93	has there ever been an ad , local or national , that was so awful you vowed never to buy anything from that company ? EOS hi ! i 'm roni deutch !	every time i see that commercial all i can think of is androgyny is like a warm blanket and laugh out loud	is like	androgyny	a warm blanket

94	sprained ankle turned out gusta !	( bepistrollingyoubetter an assistant of my dentist always liked getting nice and close when she was adjusting my braces ... it 's like a nice fleshy pillow )	's like	assistant	a nice fleshy pillow

95	i 'm 28 , male , and giggled like a schoolgirl pulling these out the oven .	dude . deliciousness like that ... i do n't care if you 're giggling like a schoolgirl . give me the recipe so i can giggle like a schoolgirl !	giggling like	i	a schoolgirl !

96	kitten fort : no humans allowed	same with my male tabby . loves to sleep underneath my blanket while holding my arm . i sleep like a baby with those little paws against my skin !	sleep like	i	a baby

97	no retreat , no surrender	i do n't care if the difficulty makes things easy for you by default , i love battles like this ! makes you fee like a machine !	fee like	you	a machine

98	what was the last thing on the internet that actually made you laugh out loud ?	the gif of a guy that throws a firecracker in his friend 's shower , blocks the shower 's door , and burst out laughing like a maniac :d	laughing like	guy	a maniac :d

99	this is our new boy kitty who just showed up . help us name him !	reddit cat : the cat that 's on reddit you have to say the full name , or it will n't work , kinda like a tribe called quest	kinda like	reddit cat	a tribe called quest

100	let 's call it what it is	actually we should call it get touched and fall over , crying like a little girl for 10 minutes and you could break your neck but we do it anyway	crying like	it	a little girl

101	every morning , i chase down my child and torture them with these tools . the screams can be heard for miles .	ugh , this brings back horrible memories of my childhood ... waking up early in the morning to hear my sister wailing like a freaking boeing 747	wailing like	my sister	a freaking boeing 747

102	two students drink and have sex guess which one gets suspended for two years	why has n't anyone sued these universities ? are n't these people technically acting like a judicial system and passing sentences on people who have broken no laws ?	acting like	these people	a judicial system

103	this is why i enjoy browsing reddit at a solid 9 made my day .	i did n't understand a damn thing .. even though i could clearly read the words . giggled like a mo'fo for about 5 minutes though :d	giggled like	i	a mo'fo

104	poll : which advanced class do you want to play ?	jedi guardian only if it plays like a wow warrior ( bladestorm fun ) bh merc dual pistols ftw sith asassin stealth tanking what ?	plays like	jedi guardian	a wow warrior

105	currently brewing , i 'll give an update in a few hours	if anyone is wondering what the mhrb sludge looks like after you decant : it 's fascinatingly disgusting , it was like a sheet of black velvet death	was like	mhrb sludge	a sheet of black velvet death

106	what are some phrases in your country that do n't really make sense to others out of context ?	do n't push grandma in the nettle ! litteral translation from french . meaning do not exagerate ! it 's falling ropes raining like a pissing cow strong rain	raining like	it 's falling ropes raining	a pissing cow strong rain

107	reddit , who is you 're dream boyfriend or girlfriend ?	my last so , it was like a switch was thrown when i knew and i also knew that switch would never be turned off	was like	dream boyfriend or girlfriend	a switch

108	just some dude on my flight back to nyc ...	i honestly do n't know what i would do in that situation . i would prolly act like a teen girl seeing the jonas brothers haha	act like	i	a teen girl seeing the jonas brothers haha

109	i 've waited for this here 's my first bike !	great bike . my first streetbike was an ' 87 250 ninja . beat the piss outta it , and it always ran like a champ !	ran like	my first streetbike	a champ

110	why is it raining skittles in my bedroom ?	son , when it rains skittles in your bedroom , you dont ask why ? , you grab as many buckets as you can and eat like a king !	eat like	son	a king

111	just saw this posted in funny , and thought it belonged here	i can n't look at this without thinking something is going to jump out at me and make me scream like a little girl on a roller coaster	scream like	i	a little girl

112	cell phone microwave 8 most amazing thing i 've seen	so fake my god . did you guys see the face in the foam stuff it was like a dementor face trying to eat your soul	was like	the face in the foam stuff	a dementor face trying to eat your soul

113	getting close to single girls .	so you 're saying acting like a supplicating servant who worships the ground she walks on is not an attractive trait ? well i 'll be damned	acting like	you	a supplicating servant

114	i got bored , wanted to put some tree love on my nails ! redditlaqueristas do n't seem to lt 3 it as much as i do :( thought you ladies might !	oooh loverly ! i started adding a layer of sparkles glitter on top of dark blues and it 's like a gorgeous night skyy )	's like	a layer of sparkles glitter on top of dark blues	a gorgeous night skyy

115	a terrible start to the day 4	i cried when my old piece broke , i feel no loss of masculinity . it was like a brother to me i feel your pain man rip little pipe	was like	my old piece	a brother to me

116	iama female who cross dressed up until 8th grade ( pictures ) ama	what paramilitary organizations are there ? and which of those can highschool kids join ? did you take it any further than dressing like a tomboy ?	dressing like	you	a tomboy

117	honda unveiled all new asimo , the latest version of their humanoid robot today	running with its legs bent is not running like a human it is basically cheating they should not claim it can run like a human because it clearly dose n't	running like	new asimo	a human

118	ultimate forever alone : lulzsec hacker 's mother tells newspaper he has no friends	not really ultimate forever alone . ultimate forever alone would be like a dude who lives in the forest and has never seen people	be like	ultimate forever alone	a dude who lives in the forest and has never seen people

119	iama guy that managed a two year online relationship with a guy without knowing . ama	were you ever sexual with her ? did he respond like a girl that well ? you never asked for a picture ?	respond like	a guy	a girl

120	any ideas wtf this was used for ? 2 liter bottle and 3 beer cans duct taped to it .	you pressurize the 2 liter bottle with air and water , and then release it and it acts like a rocket	acts like	2 liter bottle	a rocket

121	17 f . tell me what you think ?	the only thing ugly about you is that you 're too young for me . you 're like a hot velma from scooby doo	're like	you	a hot velma from scooby

122	qwerty shoes	will leave inverted footprint in the snow . would be cool if the shoe was inverted , and the footprint was like a keyboard	was like	the footprint	a keyboard

123	I can only be considered a failure, and I will be that way until I die. && I'm 29 and still live with my parents, am a virgin, and have never even had a girlfriend or kissed one.	There are exactly 0 redeemable qualities about me, and I'm about as interesting as a rock.	as interesting as	I	a rock

124	There's no escaping the fact that about 70-72% of a human's body is water, distributed all over. && Basically, all of your insides are always wet, 100% of the time.	A human allergic to water is about as realistic as a velociraptor with a PhD in quantum field theory who has a summer house on the Moon.	as realistic as	A human allergic to water	a velociraptor

125	Some days I feel almost back to normal, and then I'll feel worse for a week. && Happiness is not a stairway, it's a hike over mountain ranges.	The important thing is I know that eventually I *will* feel better, as surely as a valley has two sides and the sun must rise in the morning.	as surely as	I *will* feel better	a valley has two sides and the sun must rise in the morning

126	But a quick search online suggests that "photophobia" can have a lot of underlying causes. && Might not hurt to get your eyes checked if you're able to.	Could just be something as common as a migraine, but I think when it comes to undiagnosed health issues the sagest internet advice is always: see a doctor if you're concerned.	as common as	photophobia	a migraine

127	Both things humans desire. && Its only greedy if you are willing to exploid others for it.	Once you start seeing other people less as human beings and more as a replacable tool to further your own wealth, thats when you are becomming a greedy monster.	as human beings and more as	you	a greedy monster

128	You'll never love someone exactly the same as her, because there will never be another person exactly like her. && But, that doesn't mean you won't ever be as in love with someone else.	It will just be a different kind of love, as unique to that person as a fingerprint, yet just as strong and deep as before, or maybe even stronger and deeper.	as unique to that person as	love	a fingerprint

129	The fragility of men! && I think it's reasonable to assume men don't know how to respond to being hit on, in general, much less by another man if they're not accustomed to it.	I know I'm as dense as a doorknob when it comes to romance, but I've never felt threatened by it.	as dense as	I	a doorknob

130	Mine is a classic “ah-choo” and I usually sneeze two times. && My dad’s is really funny: it’s explosive, loud, and sounds like he’s saying “Hot sh*t!”	well when im in a crowd its as close to a mouse squeak as a deep voiced guy can make, but when Im alone, you gotta go all in on that sneeze u no wat i meen	as close to a mouse squeak as	sneeze	a mouse

131	I couldn't do one of the task because I never done it before or seen it done before. && I figured it out, but I was slow at it.	But what then happened was, I started to get angry because I felt as if I am being treated as a child on how to do or say something.	as if I am being treated as	I	a child on how

132	I kind of think of reddit as a city. && Does that make any sense?	I've always considered social media to be as public as a street corner, (in some ways more so, in some ways less) but Reddit is more than a street corner or a neighborhood (fb/Twitter).	as public as	social media	a street corner

133	By this time I decide to check my own seat and sure enough there it was. && The guy asks me to walk to the front of the room to get the prize.	On my way there I’m so awkward I can feel my face burning, sure it was as red as a tomato.	as red as	my face	a tomato

134	Just go! && If you go everyday you'll get better gains and you wont have a choice in going.	Don't think of going to the gym as a punishment think about it as a tool.	as a punishment think about it as	gym	a tool

135	If you have a plan, and some savings, don't wait a second. && That's what's keeping me at the moment.	And the fact that my passport is about as powerful as a sloth.	as powerful as	my passport	a sloth

136	I was surprised, seeing as she popped a baby in my arms. && He was so cute!	He was as fluffy and round as a doughnut.	as fluffy and round as	a baby	a doughnut

137	Yeah, I had to drive like 10km just to get to a cinema (not that far but Malaysia aren't that big tbh). && Also its a quiet place, but not that nice, very flat and dull.	Yeah, place to eat here are aplenty since Malaysia is like a food haven for people.	is like	Malaysia	a food haven

138	If I try to get up he'll pin me until he thinks the job is done. && When I feed him before he starts eating he will press his head against my foot to say thanks.	Even though he's almost a decade old he still always wants to play like a kitten.	play like	he	a kitten

139	On top of that she isn't well enough to carry the bags up the steps, so I had to carry everything. && Thankfully there was a nice girl behind me who helped.	Then finally at Newark airport my Dad got his cigar punch confiscated because it was shaped like a bullet.	shaped like	his cigar punch	a bullet

140	Usually I just ask people about what they're doing, or what they've been up to lately. && Boring questions, but they can lead into interesting conversations.	The last project I completed was installing some arcade joysticks and buttons into the top of my computer desk to make it kinda like a little arcade cabinet.	kinda like	arcade joysticks and buttons	a little arcade cabinet

141	The good place all the way! && The best way to do it is watch season1, research season 1 and get all the references then watch season 2.	Basically a group of people who are the best in the world have died, and gone to heaven/ the good place,which is like a little suburb.	is like	heaven/ the good place	a little suburb

142	The tree is still well and alive today. && I guess 5 y/o me believed things didn't die, their souls just take on different shapes.	Thats really cool, like a living gravestone.	cool, like	The tree	a living gravestone

143	I have heard of people making new friends in college and I hope it comes easy for me too && It's on you to advocate for yourself.	If you act like a nervous dud you won't attract people.	act like	you	a nervous dud

144	Water is denser than ice so the more ice you have the less drink you have. && If you're drinking anything other than water, the ice melts into the drink and ruins the taste.	Ice also makes a busser's life harder because if you spill it, it ends up acting like a cluster bomb (ice melts into more liquid to cleanup).	acting like	Ice	a cluster bomb (ice

145	And what anime do you like? && I don’t watch a ton of anime, but I quite enjoyed Panty and Stocking with Garterbelt, and the little bit of Hunter x Hunter I’ve seen.	Rabbit is like a chatroom with a built in browser that the host controls and you can watch videos together without the need to count down and hit the play button at the same time.	is like	Rabbit	a chatroom

146	I've taken the oral steroids but had a huge flair up again (I couldn't walk for a while) so I know it's the best option but it sounds and looks horrifying. && It sounds worse than it really is.	The numbing is like a bee sting.	is like	numbing	a bee sting

147	Having to got over a certain allergy is really a big relief I could say. && Hopefully I could  get over with my allergies, too since I have this heavy case of Rhinitis.	Just a bit of dust and I sneeze like a madman!	sneeze like	I	a madman

148	I think it’s about whether you’re talking generally or specifically. && If you zoom out it’s easy to see the “normal” but even zooming in on the “normal” person there’s that flavour to them that makes them totally unique.	It’s easy to sum people up as archetypes when you zoom out but when you zoom in they are like a snowflake.	are like	people	a snowflake

149	just don't ever do lsd and do this..whatever you do, please do not! && No, you definitely SHOULD do this, just make sure you have a trip sitter.	dude, I had like a porcelain looking face, it started to crumble.	had like	face	a porcelain

150	Yeah I totally understand. && Math was also my least favorite and worst subject all the way up until college.	I found it wasn't as hard or intimidating once I just realized every problem is like a recipe and I just had to to understand what the problem was asking for and what steps to take.	is like	every problem	a recipe and I

151	If they wanted you to merge two blocks back, they would've ended the lane two blocks back. && Once the lane does end, cars in both lanes are supposed to "merge like a zipper."	Not merging like a zipper makes an unnecessary backup in the lane everyone is moving to.	merging like	cars in both lanes	a zipper

152	I know my wife's sleep hygiene is terrible. && I've been working on mine, but I wouldn't be surprised if I had apnea or something like it.	I'm actually a morning person, so exhaustion isn't a problem for me, but I know I snore like a chainsaw, and this makes me wonder if I've just gotten used to the way I feel.	snore like	I	a chainsaw

153	Even if you don’t get the job you wanted in the first place, see what it takes to get that job. && What can you do in your spare time to make that happen?	Google is like a high school class that you can choose any subject and learn.	is like	Google	a high school class

154	Before school starts, try to establish more pf a routine and try to incorporate exercise. && Maybe participate in some after school activities to try and keep that schedule steady.	I´ll try.But it feels kinda nice to live like a zombie...I´ve become so lazy..haha.	live like	I	a zombie

155	She said that I was possibly never diagnosed as such because I didn't fit the cookie cutter norm definition of social phobic. && She told me that social phobia is usually accompanied by other behavioral disorders.	It was like a light switch.	was like	social phobia	a light switch

156	If you need to talk about it, my PMs are open, since I feel like we went through a similar thing. && Best of luck once again!	Man everything I'm typing sounds messy but honestly your comment made me cry like a baby.	cry like	I	a baby

157	I’ve never heard of it of like different states. && Could be.	The thing is that the feeling was like a really really rough earthquake, I don’t know I’m not freaked out or scared I’m just like in that “what the hell?” state.	was like	the feeling	a really really rough earthquake

158	The part you think you know (a cleansing agent we will discuss in a moment) and an ingredient used to clear out the goop. && That ingredient is called surfactant.	If you were to look at it under a microscope, it would look kinda like a balloon connected to a pitch fork.	kinda like	surfactant	a balloon connected to a pitch fork

159	I see so many people in gyms look intimidated from others , but please don't, if you can realize this it'll really help you in the long run. && Best of luck :D	Yep thank you for saying this and clarifying more, I should've mentioned like a quick pointer , and to make sure it's in-between sets.	mentioned like	I	a quick pointer

160	As for the strangers part, I do think I'd be talked to more. && I feel like people have this mindset of how I'll act even before meeting me based on their own judgements.	So if anything, if I did it for a day I'd be like a blank slate that can be recognized how I want to be as opposed to how people choose to identify me	be like	I	a blank slate

161	I like the bright colors, the art, the cute characters and funny dialogue. && Super Mario Odyssey on the Switch was pure joy, just like SM64 was.	(My favorite video game of all time though is Skyrim, it's not a kids game, but the world of Skyrim is like a 2nd home to me).	is like	the world of Skyrim	a 2nd home

162	She seemed calm, fair, not a drama-starter. && And a couple of weeks later, I started to get a hint of her sense of humor too.	She's always been like a rock for me.	been like	She	a rock

163	I've stopped dancing for about 3 years and when I did the audition yesterday, my body have never felt tired lol but it's a good thing. && It's definitely a good full body workout!	I always start sweating like a pig once we start.	sweating like	I	a pig

164	I am content with buying my clothes at thrift stores and not even owning a car. && The less you think you need, the less money it will take to retire.	For me, leisure time and peace was much more important than trying to live like a "baller".	live like	me	a "baller"

165	I moved to the east coast from the desert. && This summer and last summer were the two seasons I had known my entire life.	Sure I was cold, but I was never "the wind just whipped like a banshee around the corner and cut me dead in half" cold until I had moved here.	whipped like	the wind	a banshee

166	It's hard, don't get me wrong: that conversation will be one of the hardest you ever have to have. && But it's important to have it.	I’m afraid I won’t be able to explain it to them because I’d definitely be crying like a toddler.	crying like	I	a toddler

167	I’ve been chatting it up with a lovely lady online and I think we’re going to meet up sometime this week or next week. && I have a good feeling about this one...fingers crossed.	I'm driving like a little old lady haha!	driving like	I	a little old lady

168	It's funny the satisfaction we get from the little things when it comes to our kitties eh. && I have to do this to help you get better.	But, I can choose to act like a cat would when helping you.	act like	I	a cat

169	I am a mediocre drummer, like i am NOT good by any standards. && I was playing with a few guys at a jam once and the guitarist said he really liked the beat i just came up with.	I squealed like a little girl internally and it honestly made my day.	squealed like	I	a little girl

170	If you slide, don't break, let off the gas and steer the vehicle. && I learned to drive without traction control and without abs.	Put me in a vehicle with it and I cuss like a sailor because I'm working faster than the computer to recognize wheel spin and correct it.	cuss like	I	a sailor

171	Notice I didn't say "bad people." && Some bad friends aren't really terrible as individuals, they're just not good at maintaining relationships and doing the necessary upkeep, so why would you want them in your life?	They're not necessarily people you'd even dislike in other circumstances, but friendship is like a social contract at times, and some just can't fulfill the obligations of it, whether for acceptable reasons or not.	is like	friendship	a social contract

172	It's not really that crazy, bro. && The worst you're going to get is a polite "no thank you."	It the absolute worst case scenario she might act like a complete monster, but... if she does, then you kinda dodged a bullet on that one, eh?	act like	she	a complete monster

173	I didn't actually enjoy the game too much, I was hoping the battle system was the good old *four different attack moves*-system. && But the fact that people were actually spending time outside was astonishing.	It was like a festival in the park, people actually bringing camping chairs and stuff just to catch pokemon.	was like	game	a festival

174	Ooh, all right. && I'll make sure to do that, thanks :)	My cat loves to sleep like a big baby in the towel basket in a tiny room and my dad loves to close every door.	sleep like	My cat	a big baby

175	I was 12 and 15 when my great grandparents died too! && Strange.	I wasn't that close with them either, but I cried like a baby seal because death was so scary and frightening to me at that time.	cried like	I	a baby seal

176	You could spend time with your family and take care of your parents, and enjoy time with your friends.... Maybe catch some drinks at a local bar with some music... && Sorry thats long, but perspective is important.	I at least think it's more important to live with less and be happy, then to work like a dog for more and be miserable.	work like	I	a dog

177	I don’t know. && I don’t always enjoy it, but I can’t imagine not spending the holidays with them.	I think across the board holidays can be stressful and there is this pressure on everyone for things to always be like a Hallmark movie ❤️ it's okay to take breaks if you need it!	be like	things	a Hallmark movie

178	I probably don’t even want to. && I just find weird that I’ll cease to exists forever.	It’s really strange to think that this “life”, in the end, would be like a tiny light that lasts for just a few seconds and then we’ll be gone.	be like	life	a tiny light

179	The study of “how we got here” is fascinating. && From how words we use became those words, to how certain beliefs and ideas came about, to what led up to certain wars or laws.	On every level, it’s just interesting haha History, as a broad term, is like a never ending source of entertainment and way better than anything any fiction writer can come up with.	is like	History	a never ending source of entertainment and way

180	I wish I knew more about korean food but I know korean fried chicken is good because they fry it twice. && We have a chain called Bonchon which specializes in it and its always great and crispy.	Also I do order Bibimbap which is like a vegetal rice dish with egg served in a hot bowl.	is like	Bibimbap	a vegetal rice dish

181	For example the "bad luck Brian" meme. && You see the top and bottom text and it always has something to do with being unlucky.	That meme, then, is like a letter that represents misfortune, and every time you see that photo you know it will represent misfortune (although sometime the meme will subvert your expectations).	is like	"bad luck Brian" meme	a letter

182	I midlife crisised myself back to school full time to become a DPT, but in the mean time I am a personal trainer. && I work out in the school gym in several of my cosplay outfits.	At least once a set someone comes over and asks why I'm dressed like a T-Rex / green, red, or blue lantern / the flash / aquaman / starfleet / etc and I sell up my nerdy fitness approach.	dressed like	I	a T-Rex

183	I know that things should only go up here but I can't help knowing something else is coming. && It always does.	I often say that my life is like a TV Show because every year is a seasonal theme and every winter is a twist that changes the meaning of that theme.	is like	my life	a TV Show

184	My end goal is to look like a "Viking Wizard." && At two months, I'm a long way from that end, but I'm in no rush.	The only discovery I've made thus far is that having a beard means you've either got to learn to eat like a proper gentleman or else deal with food in the beard.	eat like	I	a proper gentleman

185	The pays vary a lot between levels, though, and also the worth of their stocks. && I can't think of any game companies which pay you that much.	Unless you make it big with an indie game, which is like a lottery ticket, the pay-out for games is chump change.	is like	indie game	a lottery ticket

186	Is our society forever jaded and cynical now? && It's a good question and I don't know.	I guess people just have less empathy than optimal and less self control so they end up taking their emotions out on other innocent humans and then they hold back themselves and everyone around them, like a crab bucket.	them, like	they hold back themselves and everyone around them	a crab bucket

187	I sang [Rasputin](^^^^^^^^^^. && Also, in high school we had a karaoke event one evening and I got to sing a bunch of songs and dance around.	My cross country coach/guidance counselor at some point tapped my shoulder and told me I dance like a Muppet.	dance like	I	a Muppet

188	This also follows for balloons popping. && I have no idea why I have this phobia - I haven't had any traumatic experiences regarding fireworks.	Regarding my childhood in the Philippines, my mom said I slept like a baby while the neighbors were blowing their goddamn limbs off with illegal fireworks.	slept like	I	a baby while the

189	I was certain I would move home to care for my parents as they aged, live in relative solitude and never be a mother. && He changed his mind 24 hours later and joined a rehab and therapy program.	It was like a switch was flipped.	was like	He changed his mind 24 hours later and joined a rehab and therapy program.	a switch

190	I have to keep this job because my wife will soon start to study and we need the money but I dont know how long I can continue like this. && Its not just workstuff.	I am like a little kid in a lot of things.	am like	I	a little kid

191	What about you guys? && I feel you.	I listen to whatever I feel like(rock, hip hop, and all thats in between), so whenever the aux jack is passed to me I start sweating like a MFer	sweating like	I	a MFer

192	Not only do I get to try German food in Germany, I'm able to enjoy the beautiful weather outside. && What do you like about summer?	I like that my legs aren't frozen like a popsicle.	frozen like	my legs	a popsicle

193	Does anyone else assume most of the time that people are being dishonest? && And that is my last r/askreddit question and my last "Does anyone else..." question Obviously the middle schoolers have swarmed the sub.	It dropped like a rock in the past few weeks.	dropped like	It	a rock

194	I don’t know how I would go about doing that though. && I know if I became a well known makeup artist it would be easier to spend time and money on helping people.	But banking on becoming a famous MUA is like a one in a million shot.	is like	banking on becoming a famous MUA	a one in a million shot

195	I always felt like I had to babysit her rather than actually hang out and have a good time. && I tried to tell her in multiple ways that I just couldn't take her behavior.	It wasn't that it was bad, it was more that she would act like a well behaved seven year old.	act like	she	a well behaved seven year old

196	Calluses form when you rub a spot of skin for too long. && If I constantly rubbed my skin everywhere, wouldn’t it be possible for me to form a tough layer of skin “armor”?	Then I’d be like a bootleg version of a superhero that can turn their skin as hard as rock!	be like	I	a bootleg version of a superhero

197	And not only that, but if their from a different country, I learn a little more about culture. && I don’t know, I just find it cool, like a little peek into another life, you know.	Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you’re gonna get!	is like	Life	a box of chocolates,

198	How does one properly consume Vegemite? && I got a tube of Vegemite from my Reddit Secret Santa (who's in Australia; I'm American).	I put a little bit of it on my finger to taste it and discovered that, alone, it tastes like a cross between sadness and what I imagine being in an elevator whose cables snapped is like.	tastes like	Vegemite	a cross between sadness and what I imagine being in an elevator whose cables snapped is like.

199	I just feel so happy that I can do something that I’ve set a goal for so long. && >It really isn’t a big feat of strength or anything Kinda is tbh.	I'd say 9/10 people can't do a pull up from a dead hang, or multiple pull ups while going all the way down, controlling their weight, and not flopping like a fish.	flopping like	people	a fish

200	I have two, Blue Skies by Noah and the Whale and Talk To Me by Cavetown. && Both of them are comforting songs, musically beautiful and uplifting.	Talk To Me is like a warm hug from a loved one and Blue Skies feels like going for a drive on a sunny day, the title really suits it.	is like	Talk To Me	a warm hug

201	I have two, Blue Skies by Noah and the Whale and Talk To Me by Cavetown. && Both of them are comforting songs, musically beautiful and uplifting.	Talk To Me is like a warm hug from a loved one and Blue Skies feels like going for a drive on a sunny day, the title really suits it.	feels like	Blue Skies	going for a drive on a sunny day

202	IS. && HUGE!	I'd screamed like a little girl too if I see that.	screamed like	I	a little girl

203	Hahahah yes it should be. && This cousin of mine used to babysit me when i was 8 yrs old.	While i used to have a very nice relationship with my auntie, working like a second mom during a hard time.	working like	my auntie	a second mom

204	Hot, miserable day (with the a/c broken) and negative to the final two questions, lol. && Ahhh, dude, I feel you.	It started rewatching the 100’s over here, so when I wake up I’m already sweating like a marathoner.	sweating like	I	a marathoner

205	Totally agree it’s better when he’s home though. && Not much good going on.	We’re trying to sell our property so I’ve pretty much been working like a dog to get it listed.	working like	I	a dog to get

206	I used to work 1am-10am and it was hell. && I only did it for a couple of months too.	Wednesday you shall sleep like a king!	sleep like	you	a king

207	Family life will make that hard also. && The new place your going to doesn't know your shy.	Try acting like a badass and see if they fall for it.	acting like	you	a badass

208	Had a best friend when I was young. && We literally were the bestest of friends.	He was like a brother to me.	was like	He	a brother

209	:// money's a tough one. && gotta have it!	You do, and I am virtually living like a hermit at the moment because I cannot afford to do anything.	living like	I	a hermit at the

210	I like the different emotions of each genre too. && There was an article somewhere that called music the “language of emotion”.	The way I think about it each genre is like a different dialect.	is like	genre	a different dialect

211	I'm so proud of you, keep up the good work. && It really is about the will to fight against the weight.	Laziness is like a warm blanket but eventually you leave that blanket and then what do you have?	is like	Laziness	a warm blanket

212	And then gadgets and likewise. && And then gaming.	Romance puts me to sleep like a baby.	sleep like	me	a baby

213	When it wasn't a request, he just came down for a chat. && I live alone and value solitude above everything.	He was like a dog waiting for its owner, I would see him in the window as I drove into the car park.	was like	He	a dog

214	^^^^I’m ^^^^going ^^^^back ^^^^through ^^^^my ^^^^past ^^^^10 ^^^^posts ^^^^to ^^^^reply ^^^^to ^^^^comments ^^^^I ^^^^missed. && ^^^^I ^^^^apologize ^^^^for ^^^^the ^^^^lateness.	> Whenever my last test was because I need to study like a madman lol.	study like	I	a madman

215	You don't like rain. && You were protecting yourself with the raincoat and trying to keep warm and dry.	The lighthouse could be like a shelter that radiates pure and good.	be like	lighthouse	a shelter

216	I cried a lot--because WOW that hurt--but everyone was super awesome. && OUCH.	I would have been crying like a baby.	crying like	I	a baby

217	Everyone is different referring to different aspects of their life. && You talk to your mother a different way than your friends.	Reddit is like a clean slate, where you can fully be yourself with no impressions to upkeep.	is like	Reddit	a clean slate

218	Wife of a union member here. && Can’t agree with this more!	Our local is like a family to us.	is like	local	a family

219	Thanks man! && Dude, your answer is AWESOME too!	Lot of answers are like a page long :D	are like	answers	a page

220	Must be fun trip for ya. && 1.	The weather is like a nuclear meltdown over here.	is like	The weather	a nuclear meltdown

221	That's what it's there for. && If they wanted you to merge two blocks back, they would've ended the lane two blocks back.	Once the lane does end, cars in both lanes are supposed to "merge like a zipper."	"merge like	cars	a zipper

222	Humans are predators. && Without the need to prey on animals for food, we prey on each other for our own benefit.	A nice person is like a one legged deer.	is like	A nice person	a one legged deer

223	“You okay?” he said to me. && “I wasn’t.	Now I am,” laughing like a total lunatic.	laughing like	I	a total lunatic

224	is it about why regis is my favourite character? && or what are the books about?	if former that would be because he is like a cold rational voice in your head.	is like	regis	a voice

225	So WTF is the other 85% ? && I'm a big fan of studying chi (qi), the 'fire of life'.	I suspect chi emerges from Dark space, makes our space and then returns, like a pump.	returns, like	chi	a pump

226	You might have trouble finding one... && It's called a "brush."	No seriously, using a brush on your hair is like a pumice stone on your foot.	is like	brush on your hair	a pumice stone on your foot

227	As in Lucy, the drug? && Or something else?	[Lucy is like a drug.	is like	Lucy	a drug

228	Well done! && That's really cool.	It must be like a breath of fresh air to clear things out like that!	be like	clear things out	a breath of fresh air

229	I don't know. && But what I DO know is there is a victory waiting for us.	Our lives are like a marathon of misfortunes.	are like	Our lives	a marathon of misfortunes

230	I'm jealous! && Sweet dreams my dude	I'm about to ditch work and sleep like a baby.	sleep like	I	a baby

231	I am responsible, too, although I don't have a kid. && It's such a loaded term but it really I think it's simple.	As long as you're over 18 and don't still act like a kid and have responsibility you're a man.	act like	you	a kid and have

232	It's gorgeous here right now though, with the red and yellow trees. && My dogs *love* it.	Bailey, my 14 year old, has been like a freaking puppy since moving here - so much energy!	been like	Bailey	a freaking puppy

233	Competitive sports. && The first thing that came into my mind was the UFC match between Khabib and Mcgregor.	The entirely build up towards the fight was toxic as hell with Mcgregor acting like a thug and insulting Khabib.	acting like	Mcgregor	a thug

234	DISC. && I’m a Cd for those who understand disc.	The C is like a beaver.	is like	The C	a beaver

235	Moths. && And also butterflies, but moths are ten times worth.	I find them disgusting and I tend to scream like a little kid if one of those things comes near me.	scream like	I	a little kid

236	Read Atlas Shrugged next! && The Fountainhead is very idealistic, artsy and relateable on a personal level.	Atlas shrugged is like a manifesto.	is like	Atlas	a manifesto

237	It requires some success first. && For me, getting that first 12/hr job was actually one of my first "wins" in life.	I would say the news is like a constant dose of negativity.	is like	the news	a constant dose

238	I'm a writer. && I'm alive because I'm a writer.	I live in the perception that reality is like a TV Show.	is like	reality	a TV Show

239	I've never heard of people making calculators before! && How do you make them?	Learn about basic logic gates and binary adders, you can hook a few up and they work like a charm.	work like	calculators	a charm

240	Defense +1! && ...after a very, very long time...	Callouses are like a set bonus, it just stacks a low defence buff then when you have enough you get another +20 defence	are like	Callouses	a set bonus

241	You could make 50 dollars in a climate controlled work enviornment in that time, and lose nothing && Exactly.	I guess if you really like acting like a wild animal trying to grab the last piece of food.	acting like	you	a wild animal

242	Thank you man! && What's the role for?	Job interviews are like a high profile way of having a conversation.	are like	ob interviews	a high profile way

243	I hope that doesnt sound too depressing! && It's not really a bad thing.	Life is like a sticky ball that picks up time consuming things.	is like	Life	a sticky ball

244	My daughter wrapped up a picture of her first ultra sound. && She’s 3 months pregnant.	When I unwrapped it I started crying like a baby.	crying like	I	a baby

245	Third, dont be a douche too. && Adults have other problems and are not magical.	Im " a baby" at 23, but still find myself acting like a dad for my little brother, maybe too much on the "grounded!"	acting like	I	a dad for my

246	How has the de-clutterization  been? && Hmm I see what you are saying :) I think our weaknesses can really matter though.	It is like a constraint that we have in our life that can make us adapt in interesting ways to still accomplish things.	is like	weaknesses	a constraint

247	She was before. && I had a female best friend that I would talk to.	She was like a sister.	was like	friend	a sister

248	So what do you prefer? && Or is there a better way to go about getting to know someone with anxiety?	For me it's like a suffocating feeling when around other people.	it's like	around other people	a suffocating feeling

249	Columbus causes me enough grief. && I have had people in my life like this.	Their love was like a dagger in the heart.	was like	Their love	a dagger

250	Might look into going for runs here soon too. && I gotta work on cardio, that's for sure.	I had to dig my car out of the snow after getting stuck and I was sweating like a fat kid and sooo exhausted.	sweating like	I	a kid

251	In a way, that would be describing music as a series of sounds. && You know how you associate a letter with a sound?	A meme is like a letter, except representing a sound they represent a joke, or a common idea.	is like	A meme	a letter

252	Proud of him && Did what?	I can comment like a tough guy too	comment like	I	a tough guy

253	For those who watch Violet Evergarden eng dub && I thought the English dub was passable.	Show still made me cry like a faucet.	cry like	me	a faucet

254	I got one of the oral b ones. && I've had this growing stain on my front tooth for months.	It almost looked like the tooth was thinning on one side, it was like a grayish mark.	was like	stain	a grayish mark

255	Thought's on today's games. && There are solid games currently but it's easy to fall back on the ones you love.	I've heard being unable to pick out a game to play is like a stereotypical woman not finding anything to wear.	is like	being unable to pick out a game to play	a stereotypical woman

256	Could you guys share with me about which is important to you? && I think both are extremely important.	Money is like a tool.. More money the better tools..	is like	Money	a tool

257	I'm a such a pussy and I can't even go alone. && I am so tired of it.	My life is like a cycle, again and again.	is like	My life	a cycle

258	Neonazi encounter && This seems to be what Neo Nazis are all about.	Provoke conflict, then act like a victim and pretend that you started the problem in the first place.	act like	Neonazi	a victim and pretend

259	I don't know. && Whenever I think I'm a certain way, there are other things I do that contradict that idea, lol.	I can be really intense, but I can also act like a 5 year old.	act like	I	a 5 year old

260	Does anyone ver face this dilemma? && And if you’re chill about it how do I chill out about it too haha	I am a 25 years old female and write like a 8 years  old boy.	write like	I	a old

261	I watched Gremlins again! && Yep, after maybe 25-30 years watched it again.	It was like a time travel to my childhood.	was like	watched it again	a time travel

262	I just miss people. && Today I had a meltdown.	I just sobbed like a baby as soon as my partner got home from work.	sobbed like	I	a baby

263	Cops wont take you if you have bi polar like that. && You get EXTENSIVE mental tests and reviews during your training.	Your also watched like a hawk, no chance to hide an episode.	watched like	You	a hawk

264	You’re not too far gone that you can’t pull yourself back out. && Thank you reddit for reading my ramble, stay blessed✨	Reading this was like a breath of fresh air!	was like	Reading this	a breath of fresh air

265	I apologized and came in, and that was that. && There were no reprisals or anything like that.	For certain jobs, you literally just need to show up and not act like a psychopath.	act like	you	a psychopath

266	I'm not even concern missing out the new year's party while I am at it. && Hope you keep your pets attended folks!	My cat hates fireworks so much she growls like a dog.	growls like	My cat	a dog

267	(At least 80% of the time?) && When I eat breakfast lunch or dinner I never enjoy it.	Eating is like a task for me.	is like	Eating	a task

268	my mom wanted to name me gerusha . she stands by it . literally everyone else was horrified . thank you mom 's friends and family . you saved my life . && where did that even come from ?	some variant of jerusha . hebrew name , not common . i know one jerusha , who 's built like a tank , and one fictional jerusha , who went by judy .	built like	jerusha	a tank

269	it was infested with sarah sanders , that had to knock a few points off the health report . && i 'm sure they had to disinfect the path she swaddled down through before they could reopen .	disinfectant wo n't do it . her kind of evil is like a fog made of shadows ; it permeates everything it encounters but can be vanquished by sunshine .	is like	her kind of evil	a fog made of shadows

270	redditors of reddit , why is ketchup so disgusting and why is nt mayo pushed more ? && sorry pal , but ketchup is delicious and mayo is hella gross or whatever .	ketchup ruins everything it touches . mayo on fries is like a mini paradise in my mouth	is like	mayo on fries	a mini paradise

271	walk up in the room like ... respiratory here ! && so what you 're saying is get a huge camera , fancy medical equipment , construction ppe and a chef costume and you can go anywhere you want ?	add a ladder and you are ready to go , ladders in public is like a universal key , you get in anywhere .	is like	ladders in public	a universal key

272	supermad he just gets super angry at everyone all the time and ca n't function or have a normal life due to his overwhelming anger && so the hulk ?	sulk . he 's just sad . kinda like a green eeyore .	kinda like	he	a green eeyore

273	you 're older than you 've ever been . and now you 're even older . and now you 're even older . and now you 're even older . && time is marching on and time is still marching on	this is like a hack job at that bojack horseman quote	is like	time is marching on and time is still marching on	a hack job

274	jared leto , he is 46 && you 're telling me this is the face of 46 year old ? wow ...	no kids . fantastic hairline along with salon stylist who can dye like a god . and has clearly never missed a minute of sleep .	dye like	salon stylist	a god

275	my son asked to borrow my phone , he returned in two minutes later with a crack in it . && have you given him his weekly meal yet ?	his legs are like a new born doe 's	are like	his legs	a new born doe 's

276	homemade apple pies with sharp cheddar crust and cinnamon rum syrup & pumpkin pie from scratch . && i 'm sorry , am i reading that right ? did you put cheese on a fruit pie ... ?	i put cheddar in my apple pie crusts ! not a whole lot , but enough to balance out the apples . think like a charcuterie board !	think like	i	a charcuterie board

277	if you got sand in your sac then it 's a loss . ca n't ever get it out . && nah there 's no sand in there . just an old binder and other stuff from last semester .	i still have my backpack from my last day of highschool that i never cleaned out . it 's like a time capsule .	's like	my backpack	a time capsule

278	the earth and the moon are n't that close . && seriously , you can fit every planet in our solar system between the earth and our moon with a few thousand miles to spare .	what the heck ? i always thought earth was like a speck compared to jupiter before this . til	was like	earth	a speck compared to

279	who is your favourite comedian ? && i do n't know if he 's my favorite of all time , but i 'm really into john mulaney right now .	these responses are insufferable . it 's like a bunch of parrots .	's like	these responses	a bunch of parrots

280	i just love sunsets so much && i love to see sunlight falling on clouds . you can catch the view sometimes when the sun is setting . turns the clouds golden .	i love watching the sky change colors , it 's like a little show at the end of the day saying " hey buddy , you made it " .	's like	the sky change colors	a little show at the end of the day saying " hey buddy , you made it "

281	i hope he spared a moment for whoever had to go to vietnam in his place and maybe did n't come home . breitbart is divisive garbage . && people say mean things about him and honestly that 's like megavietnam	people being mean to him is like a worse vietnam war ? you 're sick in the head .	is like	people being mean to him	a worse vietnam war

282	it is so refreshing to see people of different religions put aside their differences and show compassion towards each other . && it 's almost as if they practice what they preach	what ? i thought religion was like a fashion thing , kinda like skinny jeans .	was like	religion	a fashion thing skinny jeans

283	what bothers you the most at the present moment ? && my long distance submissive is acting like a real brat , and it 's making me so angry .	why is she / he acting like a brat ?	acting like	she / he	a brat

284	do n't let flynn be the fall guy . he 's not in power . && i prefer to think of him more as a domino that when tipped ...	he 'll be the domino in the coal mine who sings like a stool pigeon to bring this house of cards down . jenga .	sings like	he	a stool pigeon

285	money that will be spent buying arms to fight in yemen and syria . && your government gives money to saudi arabia and israel who are doing the same .	so europe has sworn off oil ? quit acting like a child .	acting like	europe	a child

286	what do you regret buying the most ? && an electric blanket . i 'm addicted to it now . it 's too hard to get out of bed , even harder than before .	get an electric mattress warmer instead . the heat comes from underneath you . it 's like a dry bathtub .	's like	an electric mattress	a dry bathtub

287	my upstairs neighbours at 3 am . && look at his feet the first time , then watch it again and look at his face . he 's like a human stabilizer	appropriately , he 's dressed like a chicken . chickens stabilize their heads . <url>	dressed like	he	a chicken

288	what 's wrong with wearing the same shirt twice ? && i wear my same work uniform 5 days a week wash on sunday	how ? i would stink like a mule by day 3 if i did that . and i work sitting in a cubicle all day !	stink like	i	a mule

289	what do you call that angelic harmony that accompanies a piano ? && do you mean the sustained notes ?	hmmm i 'm not sure because a sustained note ' slowly fades ' and the harmony that i 'm saying is like a partner that comes with a piano	is like	harmony	a partner

290	tar heels have one on our team and we call him the stormin mormon . stillman white is his real name . && he 's mormon , so of course his name is white .	lol . actually i know a black guy who is mormon ! he 's like a unicorn .	's like	he	a unicorn

291	no expert . i just do n't like scenes that come out sloppy due to poor decisions . && lol . and i think you would do well to tune your tv properly .	i do . i 'm a stickler about it . depending on what i 'm watching / playing , i often tweak with settings . it 's like a second language , very easy .	's like	settings	a second language

292	blondes only have one tenth of a brain cell ? && i 've never looked it up for myself , but it would make sense	those poor dears try their hardest to be clever . it 's like a puppy trying to do a flip but it falls on it 's face .	's like	those poor dears try their hardest to be clever	a puppy trying to do a flip but it falls on it 's face

293	sorry , i should have realized someone on the spectrum would take that ' lmao ' seriously . && i accept your appology . i know people with your condition have difficulty communicating .	i 'll end it here . i have you dancing like a puppet .	dancing like	you	a puppet

294	i am on keto and this hurt me worse than " in the arms of the angels " song && <url> is not the place for dieting , unless you are masochistic .	nonsense , each post is like a mental rep for me .	is like	post	a mental rep

295	taco bell . i now have enough food for the rest of my life . && it 's true , but largely because your lifespan just reduced dramatically ...	also true , but at least he 'll die eating like a king	eating like	he	a king

296	i 'm regretting my healthy decision to start my day with water instead of coffee . && regretting starting your day with a delicious glass of water ? are you trying to start a fight bro ?	you 'd hit a girl ? just so you know , i have taken my daily supplement of fight milk . it helps me to fight like a crow !	fight like	me	a crow

297	dazed and confused , clue , and forrest gump && forrest gump , yesssss ! i 've seen it dozens of time . it never gets old !	that movie is like a big fuzzy warm blanket you can wrap yourself up in	is like	that movie	a big fuzzy warm blanket

298	wait , we 'll have a war among each other ? which religious war would that be ? && burn the anglicans . kill the calvinists . purge the lutherans . for the holy emperor charles v and catholic faith .	an open mind is like a fortress , with it 's gates unbarred and unguarded .	is like	an open mind	a fortress

299	sorry .. just got this message ! i think she could be getting the hint i 'm thinking of her .. not sure though .. she 's being a bit coy . && hmm ! maybe you should tell her !	i want to but i feel like she 's out of my league ... she 's like a dream i guess ... could i pm you and talk about it .. maybe you can help me .	's like	she	a dream

300	i do n't see anyone in this comment chain mentioning afghanistan ... && there are no western countries where the requirements are onerous except in the third - world .	i guess i can pick out the letters that spell afghanistan in that post . it 's like a secret code that only you can read !	's like	letters	a secret code

301	everyone knows he is the best manager of history . && there are too many candidates throughout history for their ever to be universal agreement , which you 're implying .	sacchi would be my only other answer . even though i dislike the things he says in the media . he is like a potboiler now .	is like	sacchi	a potboiler

302	disney cartoons , such as darkwing duck , talespin , duck tales , chip ' n ' dale . && oh i forgot about duck tales . we used to watch that too	but i bet , after all these years , you have n't forgotten the duck tales theme song . life is like a hurricane ...	is like	life	a hurricane

303	we had to rewind movies when we were done with them or blockbuster would charge us extra . && having a separate speed rewinder device because the vcr was just too slow	mine was shaped like a red sports car . i was hyped when i got it .	shaped like	mine	a red sports car

304	ethnicity , maybe , but race is not . && you 've got it backwards there bud	if you notice my edit , i seriously put down the reverse , and then thought it was wrong and reversed it again . it was like a multiple choice test .	was like	my edit	a multiple choice test

305	all good things must come to an end . && what 's that wrap ?	it 's a king palm roll the mini size . it 's like a cured palm tree leaf from like singapore ? i think ?	's like	king palm roll the mini size	a cured palm tree

306	" i need to axe you a question . " && you should look into that at the liberry . let us know what you find , and be pacific .	if i do that , my brain will explode like a nucular bomb .	explode like	my brain	a nucular bomb

307	are kia optimas built in america ? ? && west point georgia	interesting , i always assumed korea . are they pretty good cars ? i had a 99 sephia that ran like a champ but have no experience other than that .	ran like	99 sephia	a champ

308	it 's great that i 'm learning french then . i may just need to " escape " this little town . && they will also teach you french .	you 're like a guardian angle at this point . now i 've options !	're like	you	a guardian angle

309	there 's no way mccrony does n't win . && i disagree . the polls have been very close , and cooper has been slightly ahead in most of them . nothings for sure .	i hope you 're right , but i do n't see it happening . durham and chapel hill are like a bubble for progressives . outside of that is trumpland .	are like	durham and chapel hill	a bubble for progressives

310	people of reddit what do you think is the funniest joke you have heard ? && a man is not complete until he is married then he is finished .	a wife is like a grenade- take off the ring and say goodbye to your house .	is like	wife	a grenade

311	i work in customer service in a call - center type environment . && i have worked in customer service before . it takes a lot of team work	it really does . you become like a little family . complete with crazy	become like	you	a little family

312	i love me some iced tea . the lits i have had are not anywhere near tea flavoured && i 've always lucked out and they just taste like a delicious alcohol filled arnold palmer	right there with you . just have to be careful because they go down way too easy and hit like a truck later .	hit like	iced tea	a truck

313	life as a teenage male && i 'm really happy i discovered compression shorts as a middle schooler , that and the carrying books in front of you trick .	you know what 's fun ? walking like a gorilla .	walking like	you	a gorilla

314	mercury is a roman god ... && what ever farm animal of war	no , not whatever . he is n't even a " farm animal of war " . he is a god which is like a mailman ; he carries messages beetween god .	is like	he	a mailman

315	reddit , what is the biggest , longest - standing mystery that we still do n't know the answer to ? && how does so much lint end up in my belly button ?	belly button lint is fabric fibers grabbed from your clothes by your body hairs . it ends up in your belly button because it acts like a drain .	acts like	belly button	a drain

316	better with sound && thais have some of the best commercials .	is that real or did someone edit it ? i have never laughed so hard at a commercial before . it was like a feature film .	was like	commercial	a feature film

317	he probably thinks democratic ideals were invented by democrats . && trump is an authoritarian at heart . democracy is just an obstacle . dictatorship has always been the true and only goal .	" democracy is like a train . when you get to your destination you get off " -erdogan , sultanipresidictator of turkey	is like	democracy	a train

318	what category are you above average in ? && you know that click noise you can make with your tongue on the roof of your mouth ? i can do that surprisingly loud .	is that the rumbling noise that 's like a pig oinking , or the click of bringing your tongue down ?	's like	the rumbling noise	a pig oinking

319	sanchez starts falling before the foot of the defender hits him && that s him turning to the left you . are you retarded ?	normally when i " turn to the left " i do nt fall like a ragdoll afterwards . + there is actually contact , but sanchez steps on the defender .	fall like	i	a ragdoll

320	opened my kief catcher for the first time today && someone once asked me what you do with kief . i jokingly told him you line it up and snort it . pretty sure he thought i was serious .	actually saw a kid do this once . dude screamed like a baby afterwards .	screamed like	dude	a baby afterwards

321	wanna chat && we are all going to die one day , probably , so why not . sup	sup . yeah i think we are going to die one day . i guess it 's like a game , like when you die it 's game over .	's like	die	a game over

322	you get to swap two characters from different movies for maximum chaos . who do you swap ? && the joker from dark knight is replaced with forrest gump	life is like a box of frogs ...	is like	life	a box of frogs

323	was micro machines the ones with the little magnets on their boots ? ? ? && nah , they were those miniature toy cars roughly the size of a marble .	i recently found my mirco machines ' van ' that folds out and is like a whole city . i still love it .	is like	my mirco machines ' van '	a whole city

324	please help us understand the difference between the perceived fascists and the actual ones . && i do n't understand this comment .	if i start barking and panting like a dog , how would you describe my behavior ? do n't describe it as dog - like because it would offend me .	panting like	i	a dog

325	maybe , but the neurons in your brain could be intact if there is an afterlife && regardless of whether there is an afterlife or not , your brain definitely does not stay interact .	what if your brain is like a hard drive and keeps its information if it does n't break down .	is like	your brain	a hard drive

326	aka , voicing your disagreements with my opinions is hate speech . && no one used the term " hate speech " here but you , snowflake .	you 're using the snowflake insult wrong . the last 10 times i 've seen this it 's like a dad drying to be hip and failing .	's like	the last 10 times i 've seen this	a dad drying to be hip and failing

327	make literally everything you use and consume on a daily basis . && they do that for money , not for me . your premise is flawed .	the point was that 's what they do . if they did n't do that , you 'd be foraging like a neanderthal .	foraging like	you	a neanderthal

328	what 's the oldest thing you own ? && my cars gon na be 40 next year , so i guess that .	does it still run like a champ ? my car is a 97 ford explorer with 350,000 miles on it . still drive it daily .	run like	my car	a champ

329	yes . yes you do . && no , i really do n't . i 'm quite capable of understanding that it 's terrible without having those images in my head .	nope . you 're like a blind man claiming he understands sight .	're like	you	a blind man claiming he understands sight

330	the face of my dog when i wake up everyday ... && have you considered the possibility that your dog is a demon ?	erm , he can make ... questionable noises at time to time , kinda like a demon , i 'll try and record his crazy sounds	kinda like	your dog	a demon

331	what are some classic reddit stories that new users should hear ? && the steak story and the wife 's version which i actually read first . wife 's version	my god ! ! i am in my wife 's obgyn appt . laughing like a donkey huffing helium .	laughing like	i	a donkey huffing helium

332	this is exactly why you commit crimes solo for the most part && it also is kind of why when you work in groups you have stable group .	it 's also why if you do work in groups , you start singing like a canary first so if the other guy does n't he will take all the heat .	singing like	you	a canary

333	scripted justice ! my favorite kind ! && but ... it is n't justice . justice would be punishing the person responsible .	" uncle ben would n't want us living one second with revenge in our hearts . it 's like a poison . it can take you over . "	's like	living one second with revenge in our hearts	a poison

334	no one is completely not corrupt , but the us corruption can be said to be in .... relatively acceptable levels . && oh good , we 're acceptably corrupt .	well i mean , radioactive things are bad , but bananas are acceptably radioactive . therefore , our republic should be like a banana !	be like	our republic	a banana

335	how do i heal chaffing ? && take a stick of deodorant and layer it on in the hurting area . crazy how much it helps if you do n't have gold bond or something else recommended here .	thank you , this was all i had at the time and it 's working like a charm .	working like	a stick of deodorant	a charm

336	this is how you raise a spoiled kid && hey_its_griff sees a [ joke ] . hey_its_griff tries to explain the joke . it is very successful ! !	this is formatted like a pokemon battle .	formatted like	hey_its_griff tries to explain the joke	a pokemon battle

337	or deaf people just assume all farts are silent but deadly && i saw a post by a deaf person who had the noisiest fat possible it was awkward	did it crinkle like a sun chips bag ?	crinkle like	fat	a sun chips bag

338	wait ... what do those two things have to do with each other exactly ? && clearly only the all mighty sky daddy can create beautiful things , and evolution can only create generic blobs of utility	why do they always say that ? it 's like a religious person getting all over your face telling you to convert to their religion . so annoying .	's like	they always say that	a religious person getting

339	the inevitability of the rise of something && not something . but debt . it is written into the very sinews of accumulation .	it does n't always have to be debt , but it happening with debt is much much better than with real goods it happening with debt is like a buffer	is like	it happening with debt	a buffer

340	98 special is the only way to go perfect joint && facts ! i️ just found out about this 20 pack today ! best purchase in a long time !	yeah i have the same pack , do you have the raw loader ? it 's like a joint dustpan that makes perfect cones in under a minute	's like	the raw loader	a joint dustpan

341	you do n't get arrested by any feds , much less the fbi , unless they have an utterly slam dunk case against you . && better start talking about that transition team it 's still early for flipping pancakes	oh god , if he squeals like a pig in exchange for a reduced sentence .	squeals like	he	a pig

342	so she is part time immoral , got it . guess she s on vacation until the next time her child is a rebellious teenager . && part time ? oops , did nt know she went back to being bad	sure , because being good and bad is like a light switch right ? rape and murder someone at night , hand out cupcakes the next day its all good .	is like	being good and bad	a light switch

343	poland lost 30 - 40 % of its population and its great power status in the deluge vs 20 % of the population in ww2 . sweden was twice as deadly as the nazis && were you even trying germany ?	no , poland is like a package of pralines . sure you may eat them all in one go and be done with it , but it 's much more enjoyable if you take some time .	is like	poland	a package of pralines

344	should your degree be based off of what makes you happy or the salary it will provide you ? && it honestly depends on a number of variables . for example : how rich your parents are .	like an 80 's power ballad . financial stability is like a flying majestic water buffalo .	is like	financial stability	a flying majestic water

345	what old tv show theme song can you still sing even though it 's been off the air for years ? && why do n't i see ducktails ?	life is like a hurricaaane	is like	life	a hurricaaane

346	do you know what happens to the human body , very quickly , on mars ? && do we grow massive muscles because the gravity is so strong ? hehe	you can fight like a real super saiyan on mars since earth is like the training pod with strong gravity .	fight like	you	a real super saiyan

347	it was more a joke about the overabundance of unit conversion bots since you had it in your root commet && i 'm messing with you chap !	this bot is spreading like a virus through my post history , halp .	spreading like	this bot	a virus

348	he 's not a target in this investigation . he 's the bullseye . && " if we hit this bullseye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate ! "	" she 's built like a steakhouse , but she handles like a bistro ! "	's built like	she	a steakhouse

349	thanks for the tip . u / iceclownfromicetown _ is my girlfriend . && well ? is it an effective deterrent ? is it too effective , are you single now ?	she inflated like a balloon and drifted into the stratosphere .	inflated like	she	a balloon

350	title of mrs <person> 's book about marriage && i would n't know anything about that , being a bachelor by choice .	marriage is like a long run . starts out nice and easy . then it gets hard . then you wish you were dead .	is like	marriage	a run

351	so nice , had to buy em twice | a ma maniere nmd && how 's the sizing ? do they run narrow ? price ai n't bad , these are super fresh	i half sized down and they fit like a sock !	fit like	a ma maniere nmd	a sock

352	what is something you want , but fear you may never have ? && financial security . it seems like a pipedream at this point .	move to eastern europe ... place is cheap and with an online job based in the states , you can live like a king ...	live like	you	a king

353	orthodox slavs supporting orthodox slavs invading another bunch of orthodox slavs ? && irony m8	i know right . slavs are like a dysfunctional family . wife - beater there , drunkard there , and a kid with fetal alcohol syndrome .	are like	slavs	a dysfunctional family

354	dog vs cat && dog is thinking : " i know this one . this one is <url> where my treats at "	when my dog does n't understand what i 'm asking he cycles through all the tricks he knows like a fruit machine on a spin .	knows like	my dog	a fruit machine on a spin

355	what compliment do you get most often ? && " your eyeliner is perfect . " from strangers " you 're so funny . " from family , friends , and bf .	it 's incredibly hard to believe that a female wrote this with a username like that . you 're like a female neckbeard . congrats .	're like	you	a female neckbeard

356	but my hands are huge ! && and they can touch anything except themselves ...	have you ever noticed that your hand is like a freeway and your thumb is like .. an off ramp or something ? whoah ...	is like	your hand	a freeway

357	what 's your favorite ? && " you ca n't sit with us . " " actually megan , i ca n't sit anywhere . i have hemerhoids . "	oh that 's a classic . i think my favorite has to be the dog in the car that barks like a human	barks like	dog	a human

358	my warmest condolences ? i guess ... that feels like a greeting card to me . && yeah . " deepest " condolences would be more appropriate .	why do n't you make like a tree and get out of here .	make like	you	a tree

359	he does n't look particularly fat in [ this photo ] ( <url> && true but here he does look like he 's got a bit of puppy fat on him .	probably could n't keep up and panted like a dog ( which he still does )	panted like	he	a dog

360	mechanics of reddit : what vehicles will you absolutely not buy / drive due to what you 've seen at work ? && subarus are great cars ... except for the tribeca . at work we call them turds .	love my impreza . just bought a 2003 one this year for a grand and it runs like a dream	runs like	my impreza	a dream

361	what are the laziest lyrics you 've ever heard ? && new kids on the block had a bunch of hits/ chinese food makes me sick/	that 's not even the best part . when you take a sip you buzz like a hornet / billy shakespeare wrote a whole bunch of sonnets . pure genius	buzz like	you	a hornet

362	yeah , with the thing about bernard . && i 'll try to not spoil it for others , the person bernard visits the house with points out a door that bernard " missed " but you later see why .	cool thanks , thought i might have missed an entire scene . that show is like a drug .	is like	that show	a drug

363	i sent a package to my friend in australia the other day . it was promptly delivered to me . i believe this story && was it a boomerang ?	why would aussies want boomerangs ? it 's like a frenchman mailing some maple syrup to us .	's like	aussies want boomerangs	a frenchman mailing some maple syrup

364	not so sure about eastwood & asians <url> && lol i have n't seen someone try to link to files on their local drive like that in so long .	me working mobile is like a soccer coach giving cave tours	is like	me working mobile	a soccer coach giving cave tours

365	i used to think quite little of chick lit . now i freaking love it . && i love chick lit for after i 've read something like the kite runner ... it 's like eye bleach for my brain	yes totally ! it 's like a palate cleanser for me in between heavier books , while at the same time i 'm still reading .	's like	chick lit	a palate cleanser

366	disney should make a movie with that mouse in their logo . && naw dawg disney should make a movie about a princess who lives in their castle logo	maybe disney should release a game with that mouse and and the princess , alongside someone with a sword that is like a key .	is like	sword	a key

367	never heard of ted , do you mean rafael cruz , current governor of texas ? && i feel like you may have a slight misunderstanding of the situation here .	probably . it 's a big country and i can only keep track of so much in this climate . it 's like a hail storm with the occasional ball - bearing thrown in .	's like	this climate	a hail storm with

368	redditors with master 's degrees : what 's your degree in , and was it worth it to you to obtain it ? && clinical psychology . i 'm an angular developer . so i 'm gon na say nah ...	studying psychology and then becoming a software dev is like a skyrim player starting a new file using magic and ending up as a sneaky bow user .	is like	studying psychology and then becoming a software dev	a skyrim player starting a new file using magic and ending up as a sneaky bow user

369	well he did say that life is like a mirror , not toasters . although those chrome toasters are quite like mirrors . && so does it logically make sense that life is like toasters then ?	maybe toasters are like a box of chocolates .	are like	toasters	a box of chocolates

370	what if some people stutter , because we 're in a simulation and their computer is slow ? && people in a coma are having a system restore .	most are like a project car that actually never runs again .	are like	people in a coma	a project car that actually never runs again

371	which word that has changed meaning or fallen out of use would you like to bring back to popularity ? && brick house : a well - built woman .	ricky : hey joey , you see that broad over there ? she 's built like a brick house . joey : uh , that 's an actual brick house .	built like	she	a brick house

372	airport workers need fun , too . && dab , celebratory jog , diving headlong into the cart ; the price of totally making my morning .	he moved like a video game character that just completed a level	moved like	he	a character

373	poison people ? wow , i 'm glad i 'm a dog person && retraction . i suppose cat claws could poison if they have some bacteria or something on them .	yea , and when they pounce it 's like a cobra strike	's like	cat	a cobra strike

374	netflix and hbo are like a fridge full of food with nothing i want to eat . && feel the same way about amazon prime as well .	amazon prime is like a hotel mini - fridge : everything that 's worth watching costs extra .	is like	amazon prime	a hotel mini - fridge

375	" experiencing forces up to 5 g and speeds around 130 km / h or 80 mph " in case head first was n't enough && but they wear a helmet so it 's totally safe	fortunately our spines were designed in a easily collapsible way which allows them to compact and expand like a shock system on a car .	expand like	our spines	a shock system on a car

376	can we keep polak and get rid of hunwick isntead ? && no . he will win a cup with us one day	i just laughed then puked . hunwick is awful . at least polak is built like a mack truck . he would be more useful in the post season than hunny .	built like	polak	a mack truck

377	if you argue that there are two sides to every argument , you 're accepting that there might not be . && every once in a while this sub produces something good .	this post put me off at first , then made me think . it 's like a modern version of a buddhist koan .	's like	this post	a modern version of a buddhist koan

378	take me home , country roads - john denver && country roads , take me home ... to the place , that i belong ... west virgina	life is old there , older than the trees younger than the mountains , blowing like a breeze	blowing like	life	a breeze

379	i got eyelash extensions which are fancy fake eyelashes applied during my lunch break . the process takes a bit more than an hour . && sounds like it feels weird lol	you really do n't feel anything . plus , most lash artists are pretty cool so it 's like a therapy session or a nap .	's like	eyelash extensions	a  therapy session or a nap

380	that 's why you should never hold back a sneeze . let it go ! just do nt sneeze on people lol && wait what happens if you hold in a sneeze	it makes your toes pop like a balloon under the pressure	pop like	your toes	a balloon

381	best striker in the world . && what ? no , no . that is luis suarez . i do think that costa is the best striker in the league though .	easily , the way he seeks out goals is like a shark to blood .	is like	the way he seeks out goals	a shark to blood

382	we did n't really overrate them we just showed them support . && nope we deffo over rate i remember getting massively downvoted for saying that sterling is better than depay	was this before the start of this season ? sterling was like a midget with t - rex arms before guardiola arrived .	was like	sterling	a midget with t - rex arms

383	nope , they 're with fox . that 's how simon kinberg worked on both . they were talking about putting them in the same universe before f4 flopped so bad && i guess i just hallucinated that then .	the f4 movies are like a bad trip in their own right ...	are like	the f4 movies	a bad trip

384	redditors , what is the most painful thing you have ever experienced ? && got bits of apple stuck in my sick open tooth . it hurt so bad i wanted to rip it out myself .	tooth stuff usually hurts like a mother . had 2 teeth pulled out without anesthetic a while back and that sucked .	hurts like	tooth stuff	a mother

385	platypus . just look at that thing ... my god && i was gon na say exactly this . also , it 's a mammal that lays eggs . it makes milk but has no nipples . what is it	it has a part of basically every animal . it 's like a living spare parts warehouse for animals .	's like	platypus	a living spare parts warehouse for animals

386	hahah so close but still so far , live in sweden but u really got my mood up ! && hahaha well i feel bad that i ca nt help	no worries m8 , a friend contacted me and hooked me up with some so i 'll be joining u all baked like a cake .	baked like	i	a cake

387	what made your worst job ever your worst job ever ? && boredom . i had a job that literally required me to do nothing for 90 % of the day . absolutely brutal beyond belief .	i 'm in that job now . going to grad school is like a light at the end of the tunnel .	is like	going to grad school	a light at the end of the tunnel

388	this actually is nt that crazy of a statement . they say the first person to live to be 150 years old is already born && yes , his name 's chris traeger .	my body , is like a microchip	is like	my body	a microchip

389	they did n't buy the rights from spielburg edit : berg * && spielburg is right next to duckburg .	life is like a hurricane . here in spielburg . race cars , lasers , aeroplanes . it 's a duck - blur ! might solve a mystery . or rewrite history ! !	is like	life	a hurricane

390	omar out . howard out . everyone out . && except for pulisic	i kinda like nagbe , he 's like a little puppy . ca n't always do what you want but he looks like he 's trying so hard . can we keep him ?	's like	nagbe	a little puppy

391	or the ref && should 've used the ref 's head to attack zidane	thanks man , i 'm now picturing buffon running at zidane with the rev positioned like a battering ram . screaming " via italia "	positioned like	the rev	a battering ram

392	[ serious ] what are some undeniably good things about the united states of america ? && the free healthcare . no wait , that 's the uk i 'm thinking of .	lol . it 's like a big flashing sign saying how insecure you are .	's like	the free healthcare	a big flashing sign

393	grab ' em by the midterms . && when you 're a voter , they just let you do it .	i 'm automatically attracted to booths i just start voting . it 's like a magnet . just vote . i do n't even wait .	's like	booths	a magnet

394	in germany it 's translated as : cloudy with a chance of meatballs . && yeah but germany is n't exactly good at translations either . life of pi translates directly to ' rescue boat with tiger ' .	but then you get gems like 5 zimmer küche sarg ( what we do in the shadows ) , which reads like a common ad formula .	reads like	5 zimmer küche sarg	a common ad formula

395	no , never . is that standard procedure ? && you 're supposed to put the toothpaste on and then put a little water on the brush .	oh what ? i 've been conditioned to salivate like a pavlov dog whenever i brush my teeth . will try new method .	salivate like	i	a pavlov dog

396	true indeed && maybe not the reason for all but definitely a contributing factor for some .	yeah it 's one reason i try to limit my time on social media , sometimes it 's like a competition who has the best / happiest life !	's like	social media	a competition

397	it 's a tuesday . are n't most books released on tuesdays , like films on fridays ? && maybe , but you ca n't tell me they did n't discuss the date when releasing a book on us politics .	this whole year has been like a slow motion 911 . we lost more people in p.r. alone than on 911 .	been like	this whole year	a slow motion 911

398	it 's two of them for $ 5 , and they 're both five ounces each . do n't feel bad . took me a minute to get it too . && i still do n't get it .	i thought i got it , but now i really do n't get it . i 'm like a neutered dog on this one ...	'm like	i	a neutered dog

399	i do n't think so . all i hear is trump . && could be regional . i forget not all the stations have the same programming .	i hear trump so much it is like a drum , drumming . trump , trump , trump , ttrruummpp . all the new stuff is going to make them overload .	is like	trump	a drum

400	one is a media company that makes money by getting people to read their content . the other is the president . && you seriously underestimate the influence of tv . trump does n't .	i 'm not sure what this has to do with anything . you think the president should behave like a clickbait article ?	behave like	president	a clickbait article

401	and yet .... was still terrifying in a brainwashed cult member kind of way . && this is not dubbed , this is actually the guy speaking to a reporter , with just the music added in the background . lol	why does he have a mic and a phone ? and why does he literally move like a puppet ?	move like	he	a puppet

402	i mean just think about the level of human ignorance that was going on here , folks ! && tens of millions of people ; people like you and me .	it was like a boxing match and trump was the ...	was like	it	a boxing match

403	watch them get twatted today && not the same is it ? decent form stoke away compared to the worst placed team in the league at anfield .	not at all . i m very disappointed . they just come like a swarm of wasps when liverpool lose . got nothing better to do i suppose	come like	they	a swarm of wasps

404	that yellowstone could blow at any second and the effects would wipe out our species as well as many others && it 's nowhere near close to an eruption	in the scheme of the earth dude it 's like a finger snap away .	's like	eruption	a finger snap away

405	you may be right . and we still have thor and justice league . && inb4 " justice league is gon na suck , snyder is literally a baboon with a camera "	trashing snyder is like a fetish for some people idk	is like	trashing snyder	a fetish

406	sterling still makes himself useful with his movement though . higuain just waddles around . && higuain 's movement off the ball is actually one of his better qualities .	it 's because higuain 's shape allows him to move like a ball	move like	higuain	a ball

407	what song should i listen to on my fancy new headphones ? && childish gambino - me and your mama got some good bassy sounds in it	i cried the first time i heard this song . it 's like a musical journey honestly it 's so different from everything he 's done . so impressive .	's like	the first time i heard this song	a musical journey

408	the truth ? or a fart in a trombone ? && what is the truth but a fart in a trombone ?	the truth is like a fart in a trombone : hard to do , unpleasant to hear , and leaves a bad taste in the mouth .	is like	truth	a fart in a trombone

409	what do people not take seriously enough ? && moving in with your so	before moving in with an so go on holiday together ( if you can ! ) , it 's like a mini - test of how well you work together 24/7 .	's like	go on holiday together	a mini - test

410	he was about to get only yellow but he said something to the ref and got red ... && you could say he ... saw red ( my coat is on do nt worry )	its hot outside . i do nt think you need a coat . you will sweat like a bacon in a pan and i will come and find you to collect that juicy grease , man .	sweat like	you	a bacon in a pan

411	sorry if it offends you that i look homeless vintage | blackmeans | kapital | yohji | rm williams && curved placket is great whoops i mean the disadvantaged should be punished	you mean i should be purged like a pigeon ?	purged like	i	a pigeon

412	rev hang at all ? && i 'm still new to manual so i 'm unsure what that is .	when you press the clutch and release the throttle to upshift at high rpm , does the rpm take its dear sweet time falling or does it drop like a rock ?	drop like	rpm	a rock

413	what 's something you actually do n't want to do but social norm tells you to do it anyway ? && wear a tie . i feel like being hanged all day , every day .	a tie and a backpack is like a weak midget trying to bring you down .	is like	a tie and a backpack	a weak midget

414	lol my spelling is bad and i never read what my phone has corrected so yeah no whisky but more crusty than creamy && bourbons are soft biscuits , at least here in india ...	not in the uk they are for dunking in your tea . ca n't bend a bourbon they will break like a digestive	break like	ca n't bend a bourbon	a digestive

415	what 's been explained to you repeatedly , but you still do n't understand ? && the fact that the universe is expanding but that it 's not expanding into anything .	iirc it 's theorised to be like a rubber band . the expansion slowing down and eventually everything going back , ( imploding ? ) .	be like	the universe	a rubber band

416	i watched that last night and the language expert eviscerated donald . said he speaks the way people spoke before writing was invented && that 's a really stupid joke though . it makes no sense .	the joke is that he speaks like a caveman . " me , tarzan ; you , jane " type stuff .	speaks like	he	a caveman

417	they 're both the same amount of funny , just in different ways . && jon stewart is my exasperated jewish grandpa , he just does n't know it	grandpa ? ? poor jon , he 's only like 55 . he just aged like a banana after he hit 40	aged like	jon stewart	a banana

418	what 's a reference that any fan will immediately recognize , but others wo n't ? && nobody expects the spanish inquisition !	my boyfriend and i hide sticky notes that read ' the spanish inquisition ' in unexpected places . it 's like a year - round easter egg hunt .	's like	my boyfriend and i hide sticky notes that read ' the spanish inquisition ' in unexpected places .	a year - round easter egg hunt

419	actually these guys did it first . && you 're right , my mistake . thank you for pointing that out .	do yourself a favour and buy " the silk road " by peter frankopan . you 'll learn so much that head of yours will be spinning like a top .	spinning like	head of yours	a top

420	ok i laughed but i 'm still not happy with you guys tonight . have an upvote . && then you and i have something in common , because i 'm also not happy with us tonight	defense was like swiss cheese and our goalies were like a window	were like	our goalies	window

421	ok i laughed but i 'm still not happy with you guys tonight . have an upvote . && then you and i have something in common , because i 'm also not happy with us tonight	defense was like swiss cheese and our goalies were like a window	were like	defense	swiss cheese

422	4chan absolutely ruined this guy . my mind is blown . && i was watching those threads . they were great . i 'm assuming some anon turned the info over to the police .	they were amazing ... was like a grand symphony at work . it was beautiful	was like	they	a grand symphony at work

423	savage boyfriend && that 's a great way to declare your desire to sleep on the couch , op .	the couch is n't so bad . you can watch tv or play video games all night , eat chips , and have a beer ! it 's like a sleepover / camping party just for you !	's like	you can watch tv or play video games all night , eat chips , and have a beer	a sleepover / camping party

424	was n't that already the rule ? && i think so but i guess they 're just being stricter with it , same with the slashes .	yeah but the rarely called it . now if your foot is like a sliver over they 'll call it	is like	your foot	a sliver over

425	nope , overpaid money hogs , that 's all they are . && and what is your occupation ?	teacher hunter ( think like a panther , but for teachers ) ( ( also i 'm more deadly ) ) ( ( ( but only to teachers ) ) )	think like	teacher hunter	a panther

426	how ? how is a specialist two door coupe , the spiritual successor to a warmed up econobox ? && ask toyota , they made the name similar on purpose .	to sell stuff . and you followed like a lemming .	followed like	you	a lemming

427	i agree . they should have dumped everything they had on clinton back before the primaries started . && clinton would be polling a lot better if they did .	dream on . she would 've sank like a stone	sank like	she	a stone

428	about average . tell someone who loves you that you appreciate all the mundane things they do for you . && i 'll be sure to do that . is your schedule normally like this ?	when you 're married with kids and job and house and family who want things , yes . you become like a thing doing machine .	become like	you	a thing doing machine

429	is he playing in the top swedish league ? && yep , for one of the best teams	and he is n't just tagging along , i have nt watched much this season but from i hear he is playing like a stud .	playing like	he	a stud

430	no shorts ? what about a kilt ? is that close enough to a skirt ? && shorts , kilts , skorts , towels ... anything . not just undies and not nude .	this house is like a prison ! !	is like	this house	a prison

431	in italy fuel station employees do everything && this is the same for new jersey and oregon .	yes , but in italy is funnier because of 2 reasons : 1 the fuel price is like a robber 2 you get a chance of getting actually robbed !	is like	the fuel price	a robber

432	<url> you not watch the replay ? it very clearly hit him in the back of the leg . edit : let 's go back to the footage , eh ? && sniper in the building	oh , he definitely dropped like a ton of bricks . but the stick absolutely did n't hit his arm .	dropped like	he	a ton of bricks

433	like walking on clouds ( nike triple black epic react ) && this colourway is sick . what 's the comfort like ? thinking of picking up a pair	they are super comfy ! def comfier than boost and weighs close to nothing . also fits like a sock so i recommend going 1/2 size up	fits like	def	a sock so i

434	rohto eye drops ftw ! feel the burn ! && i think you mean feel the freeze ? i friggen love rohto though . whichever ones have the white caps are the best !	go look up z ! pro on amazon . it 's like a change from the refrigerator to the arctic , and i love it .	's like	feel the burn	a change from the refrigerator to the arctic

435	i always felt thor was the weak link in the series until this movie ! it is one of my favorites . && did you see the skit that was done showing what thor was doing during avengers 2 ?	the roommate one ? i loved it ! it may sound silly , but thor is like a big , lab puppy . he is big , goofy , a little daft , but very lovable !	is like	thor	a big , lab puppy

436	monopoly . how ? so many ways . && monopoly makes people hulk out when they are losing . or steal . or throw the pieces at your cowering body .	monopoly is like a 1980s style gangland turf war in board game form .	is like	monopoly	a 1980s style gangland turf war

437	critics did n't like this one ? it 's the pinnacle of jack black films && i just learned recently that not many people like nacho libre . i do n't want to live on this planet anymore .	i did n't like it the first time i saw it , but it ages like a fine wine . now i find it especially delicious .	ages like	nacho libre	a wine

438	that s good to hear . but if he keeps taking hits like that he may have to deal with cte . && his brain is mashed potatoes from that kick alone !	maybe his facial bones broke , and acted like a crumple zone on a car .	acted like	his facial bones	a crumple zone on a car

439	and still they claimed it was harmless . e : speaking about chernobyl && russia just sounds like its run like a private company	it would be interesting to see , what a country would look like , if the govt were run like a company in perfect market competition .	run like	the govt	a company

440	college students are simultaneously stereotyped for not getting enough sleep and for sleeping all the time . && that 's a good showerthought in my humble opinion . i remember being accused of both within the space of ten minutes .	i did both in college . i 'd go days without sleeping , and then sleep like a hibernating bear for days on end .	sleep like	i	a hibernating bear

441	so if i remember correctly what you 're implying is that this lawyer is a giant space chicken with a southern accent from the 31st century ? && i 'm sorry , i thought you was corn .	my second favorite futurama quote , after " she 's built like a steakhouse but she handles like a bistro . "	handles like	she	a bistro

442	star wars : knights of the old republic . please && oh ya man . i ca n't imagine how bastila will look like with better graphics	probably flat chested and waddling like a duck , knowing how bioware ca n't keep their regressive politics out of their work .	waddling like	bastila	a duck

443	this is a typical january sight in the gym && ugh , i totally forgot about that even as i 've been wondering why the gym is so packed lately .	give it til the end of february and it 'll be like a morgue in there .	be like	the gym	a morgue

444	why do girls insist on wearing that much makeup ? && because it 's fun to do .	i 100 % only wear makeup because it brightens up my morning to feel like i 'm talented at something . it 's like a little meditation session .	's like	wear makeup	a little meditation session

445	you ca n't go up for a header like a stick . arms a bit out is the natural position && this is the definition of an unnatural position . hence why it 's given .	it 's the definition of natural . unnatural would be jumping like a stick and having no way to balance or brace yourself in a crowded box .	jumping like	you	a stick

446	scotland here . no sun whatsoever , instead ominous looking clouds that spewed a load of snow and hail with winds to match . && y' all come to spain . we have loads of sun . soak it up !	no . please . i would burn like a vampire given spain 's level of insolation .	burn like	i	a vampire

447	i do not blame this man for his actions && literally checking my shoes for spider from now on .	as a kid my go to method was yelling into my shoes . clearly if i am so much bigger , it would be like a thunderstorm ! ( kid logic lol )	be like	yelling into my shoes	a thunderstorm

448	are you sure those people are n't working with russia ? like the fbi is ? and the electoral college ? && wow what an epic triggering	keep saying triggering ! you 're like a well trained parrot . say it again ! come on !	're like	you	a well trained parrot

449	i honestly feel like people will still be saying its fake even when the oceans start to rise . && well they already have . the oceans rise at a rate of about 1/8 of an inch per year . <url>	i am talking like a foot	talking like	i	a foot

450	what is the tldr of your country 's history ? && we owned pretty much most of the world and now we are stuck on one crummy little island	" owned " ? really ? ? it 's like a thief is being upset about loosing stolen goods . you 're lucky to be living on someone else 's blood and wealth .	's like	we owned pretty much most of the world and now we are stuck on one crummy little island	a thief is being upset about loosing stolen goods

451	women are the only creatures to defy the laws of gravity . && a woman is like a guitar : the longer you neglect her , the meaner she 'll start to sound .	or a woman is like a guitar : the blonder she is , the easier it is to string her along .	is like	woman	a guitar

452	this guy za 's && if you wanna one - syllable a pizza you call it a pie .	unless you 're the delivery guy from the tenacious d movie who gets his car destroyed by kg & jb . i heard it once and it stuck like a booger on a wall .	stuck like	gets his car destroyed by kg & jb	a booger on a wall

453	bacon . i have no facts or evidence to support this , but i just know it in my heart . my ever struggling heart . && bacon is good for mental health . it 's like a food hug	that is brilliant ! it is like a food hug .	is like	bacon	a food hug

454	i think this is the guy who has the inpeach trump subreddit . && inpeaches are out of season right now . the ones you buy at the store in the winter are all mealy .	trump inpeaches would be like a mandarin orange peach hybrid . maybe that is what <person> means	be like	trump inpeaches	a mandarin orange peach hybrid

455	just took a look at the website . some nice stuff but not a lot of plus size stuff bigger than 2xl . && oh sorry about that .	no worries . when it comes to finding decent plus sized fare , i 'm like a blood - hound : sniffing out all the bargains !	'm like	i	a blood - hound 

456	referring to deulo ? lool && yup both players suck yet somehow get minutes over others	lucas vazquez does n't suck . he brings so much energy to our team and does n't just run like a headless chicken ( deulofeu )	run like	lucas vazquez	a headless chicken (

457	what is the worst state in the united states and why ? && cue : east coast vs west coast beef	the united states is like a sandwich made with the nicest ciabatta bread ( the coasts ) some good mustard ( the south ) and month old turkey ( the midwest )	is like	the united states	a sandwich

458	you 're thinking of north and south dakota . && apparently i am . though i 'm pretty sure i have heard my misinformation several times .	and now more people have heard it . it 's like a game of telephone .	's like	north and south dakota	a game of telephone

459	just got ta make sure you star ping pong player never stays in a hotel any where near any democratic political candidate or his office . && stupid is as stupid does	life is like a box of chocolates , you never know whatcha gon ' get .	is like	life	a box of chocolates

460	underrated comment of the week . && is this revealing he was playing 12d chess all along ?	we 're just pawns in his game of checkers . if we hit that bulls eye the rest of the dominos will fall like a house of cards . checkmate .	fall like	the rest of the dominos	a house of cards

461	open cities brah ! && man , i have a pretty good rig and i 'm afraid that mod would kill my game . walking into whiterun is laggy without it . mostly only whiterun idk why .	for reference i am using a gtx 970 and it runs like a dream with about 10 other(large ) mods .	runs like	gtx 970	a dream

462	i think he will be impeached at some point && which , unfortunately , puts pence in charge and he 's even worse , just a little more quiet .	those two together are like a buddy cop movie .	are like	those two together	a buddy cop movie

463	if they should rename dui 's to " you did n't kill anyone this time " maybe people would drink and drive less . && dui should be the same as attempted murder . plain and easy .	my friend was 0.01 over the limit after one beer after work , so he 's like a the devil now ?	's like	he	a devil

464	you have to create the strongest superhero / villain fusing 3 famous heroes / villains together , with their pro and cons . who do you merge and why ? && one punch man . and two other dudes ..	saitama , blob and squirrel girl then . a super strong corpulent bold dude dressed like a squirrel .	dressed like	a super strong corpulent bold dude	a squirrel

465	that would be yugoslavia . do you support yugoslavia ? && i did a balkan hitchhiking trip last summer and everyone there in bosnia did support yugoslavia	yugoslavia collapsed like a straw house at the first hurdle . was n't meant to be .	collapsed like	yugoslavia	a straw house

466	that was after her travels and while she was still campaigning with walking pneumonia . && yah she had walking pneumonia , not " collapse like a side of beef " pneumonia !	she " collapsed like a side of beef " because of her walking pneumonia . your point is what ?	collapsed like	she	a side of beef 

467	have you seen me build a raft ? && is there an amazing video of you building a raft ? because there better be or you 'd be planking on the open seas	no , but i once tried to build a raft as a kid . i lashed together a bunch of sticks with rope and we sunk like a rock !	sunk like	we	a rock

468	if bass riffs count , then i got ta go with mexicola && as for bass riffs , i 'd go for criminal world by david bowie or the entire discography of the who .	or anything by cake . every album is like a library of amazing bass lines .	is like	every album	a library of amazing bass lines

469	good looking people with terrible personalities are the personification of clickbait && what about good personality persons with below average looking ? will we drive any traffic ?	that 'd be like a sub with a handful of active users . very few can see the value of the content , but those that do are big fans .	be like	good personality persons with below average looking	a sub with a handful of active users

470	here , i think you dropped this : > /s && the moment people include /s they have taken away any humor that was left in their joke . /s is the epitome of ruined jokes across reddit .	right ? it 's like a stand up comic telling his audience , " that was a joke " , at the end of every punchline .	's like	the moment people include /s they have taken away any humor that was left in their joke .	a stand up comic

471	those who have had surgery what advice would you give to someone about to have surgery ? && pain is temporary . you wo n't remember what it felt like once the pain is gone	that is indeed my hope . i can deal with pain . it 's the thought of being cut like a thanksgiving turkey that freaks me out the most	cut like	i	a thanksgiving turkey

472	now i need to learn who captain beefheart is and his comrade , lieutenant porker && he played musicians . look up his " trout mask replica " album . those guys did some drugzzz .	that album is like a squid eating dough in a polyethylene bag .	is like	that album	a squid eating dough in a polyethylene bag

473	if you were god and had created the world , what would you have done to secretly troll mankind ? && i would make everyone racist and let them sort themselves out wait ...	it does seem like something kinda " baked in " to the human design ... it 's like a bit of weaksauce in the code .	's like	i would make everyone racist and let them sort themselves out wait	a bit of weaksauce in the code

474	what is one song you can listen to over and over and never get tired of ? && definitely the ducktales theme song . it has no business being as catchy as it is .	life is like a hurricane	is like	life	a hurricane

475	just get down there ! && i was gon na make a kurt cobain joke but theirs no way i could do it and not be down voted .	yeah the backlash from that would be like a gunshot to the head	be like	the backlash	a gunshot

476	wow , that 's some serious hatred . && how is that hatred ? if someone sent me to the place i want to be the most , i 'd be happy and grateful .	russia is like a vacation camp for nazis !	is like	russia	a vacation camp for nazis

477	how 'd he get a duck ? && we are farmers . ducks get very tame , you can even train them to walk on a leed .	i had a pygmy goat that acted like a dog .	acted like	pygmy goat	a dog

478	what sensation do you absolutely hate ? && nausea ( including motion sickness ) is the worst sensation of all . also this whole thread is making me cringe .	morning sickness is like a horrible hangover with lots of vomit or dry heaving ( almost every day ) that lasts 2 months .	is like	morning sickness	a horrible hangover

479	hmm we did nt do that on the middle school trip , but did get to see bikini car wash 2 on skinomax && that was the educational part of the evening .	oh yes very educational . also learned how to act like a circus seal .	act like	we	a circus seal

480	danes and swedes love / hate each other . like brothers , each one considers the other the dumb one . && which one sounds like they are talking with a mouth full of marbles ?	danish is like a mouth full of hot potato .	is like	danish	a mouth full of hot potato

481	homemade mixed berry greek yogurt pancakes && why is it gray why does it start grey but then magicially go pancake colour when cooked im so conflicted	lol it 's like a lavender irl . bad phone camera and lighting ?	's like	homemade mixed berry greek yogurt pancakes	a lavender irl

482	the old lie - perbole . it 's a conservative favorite when you know you ca n't make a point using the facts . && hyperbole is a valid literary device . finish high school then we 'll talk .	strong insult from someone being manipulated like a retarded puppet .	manipulated like	someone	a retarded puppet

483	mini cows are a thing , too ! && please immediately explain why i should not buy one to keep as a pet . time is a factor here .	i 've got nothing , it 's like a dog that emits cheese and mows your lawn . these are only benefits .	's like	mini cows	a dog

484	why not ? i wear my brown chinos and a green shirt at least once a week . && and you are find for doing that . i was disagreeing with the diagram .	nah , i was kidding . i do n't dress like a tree every week . that 's silly .	dress like	i	a tree every week

485	south east texas . yeah it does n't happen here lol && i miss winter	in utah : no you do n't . my street is like a slip and slide , but instead of water and fun , it 's all ice and fear .	is like	my street	a slip and slide

486	because you ca n't have a kid going around with a gun . also some people is very emotional , emotional people with weapons are very dangerous && that happens all the time in rural areas without issue	but <url> , it 's like a car without brakes , maybe is n't a problem now but someone will get hurt	's like	a kid going around with a gun	a car without brakes

487	theme waywt submission : absurd accessories && this is probably my wackiest . my owl ring is so big it 's almost impractical to wear , but it makes me so happy !	i have an owl ring too ! and it opens like a locket .	opens like	an owl ring	a locket

488	he even apologised to the reporters after his last interview . what kind of meltdown is this ? && he apologised to them straight after the interviews .	straight after ? like , he acted like a complete tool and the second the camera switched off he apologised ? seems odd .	acted like	he	a complete tool

489	hahaha scott 's tots , i love the idea that the writers probably wanted to make that the cringiest episode lol && it 's art , really . show equivalent of a fork against the teeth .	i love that episode . it 's like a crazy strong blue cheese . so strong you wince but it 's delicious so you take another bite .	's like	that episode	a crazy strong blue cheese

490	i 'm in love with the fact that my question spawned so much info i was n't looking for initially ! thank you for sharing && you asked a pretty good question , it 's refreshing .	i 'm like a cool glass of water i 'm not really , but i wish i was tho	'm like	i	a cool glass of water

491	what 's the most hypocritical thing you have seen someone do ? && al gore and leo dicaprio own several homes , fly private planes , take gas guzzling limos and then lecture me about saving the environment .	a big house and one limo is like a grain of sand on a beach ; need government action	is like	a big house and one limo	a grain of sand on a beach

492	history does n't repeat , but it does have patterns if you pay attention . when some of us say never again we mean it . && i agree . now you just need some evidence .	you are like a fish asking for evidence of water . the evidence is all around you . you just refuse to see it .	are like	you	a fish

493	what if america does n't use bullets ? && so uncivilized . use lightsabers instead . an elegant weapon from a more civilized age .	correction : for a more civilized age ... sorry , as a star wars nut this was like a super itch i had to scratch .	was like	for a more civilized age	a super itch i had to scratch

494	i 'm so shiney && like a treasure from a sunken pirate wreck .	i will sparkle like a wealthy woman 's neck	sparkle like	i	a wealthy woman 's neck

495	was it any good ? && it was horrible	guess i have n't missed out on much . i quite like the first film . it 's like a proto terminator .	's like	the first film	a proto terminator

496	the legend ! && if there is ever a nuclear war , i want to be in a bunker made of that man 's face .	his face is like a brick wall that can feel pain !	is like	his face	a brick wall

497	so , do you know when the narwhal bacons ? && i have n't seen this on reddit in like 5 years .	cringey internet phrases are like a fine wine . the older they get , the more complex and intense the cringe becomes .	are like	cringey internet phrases	a fine wine

498	run run run run run . && on my 17th birthday he asked if i wanted to try to conceive a baby with him too	wow . he 's like a flaming trainwreck slamming into a red flag factory .	's like	he	a flaming trainwreck

499	do liga mx next . && do the scottish premier league next . for the laugh .	celtic and rangers would be just two massive bars and then aberdeen would be like a tiny speck with the other teams non existent	be like	aberdeen	a tiny speck

500	he was a cattle farmer back before he became a politician . && dairy farmer	how appropriate , you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

501	" i did n't hear a nooo " wo n't hold up in court , probably && court for what exactly ?	reddit court . it 's like a lynch mob , but with less emphasis on evidence or even accusation of a crime .	's like	reddit court	a lynch mob

502	exclusive behind the scenes look at the beyonce maternity shoot . && that 's hilarious . whoever thought that shot of beyonce looked <url> wrong .	it 's meant to be like a classic virgin mary . i think she nailed it !	be like	that shot of beyonce	a virgin mary

503	kaiju origins && pacific rim ?	yes . kaiju is like a dead giveaway haha	is like	kaiju	a dead giveaway

504	what a game lmao && made even better by the fact that everton are back into the relegation zone	poor sigurdsson deserves better . he 's like a relegation zone magnet .	's like	sigurdsson	a relegation zone magnet

505	i figured he was just trying to branch out && a turning of a new leaf .	well , he should really make like a tree and get outta here .	make like	he	a tree

506	gamers of reddit , what are some of the most memorable quotes from any video games ? && " you fight like a dairy farmer "	how appropriate . you fight like a cow .	fight like	you	a cow

507	i wish i had these attributes . && one of dale carnegies tips to winning friends and influencing people is to emulate dogs .	just makes it so people abandon you when they 've used you up or grown tired of you .. like a dog .	.. like	you	a dog

508	homemade sous vide ribeye with mushroom shallot pan sauce && looks perfectly cooked !	sous vide is like a cheat code for perfect meat	is like	sous vide	a cheat code

509	somebody call an exorcist . && i would be afraid of accidentally stepping on my own hair , ouch	she would start rolling like a droideka . they 're no match for droidekas .	rolling like	she	a droideka

510	because he wanted to make something cool up so he could be on the frontpage ! && he truly was ahead of his time .	so he could n't float like a butterfly , he 'd sink right to the bottom . lies !	float like	he	a butterfly

511	me too . && i loved him in forrest gump ! brilliant acting	jenny always said life was like a chocolate bar .	was like	life	a chocolate bar

512	first round of results are looking bad for az . && when i first saw the numbers it made me sad	yeah 42 yes 58 no was like a punch in the gut .	was like	first round of results	a punch

513	what weird / rare medical conditions do you have ? && pectus excavatum	i have pectus carinatum . i wonder if we would fit like a puzzle piece .	fit like	we	a puzzle piece

514	i hate mushrooms , but i 'd give it a shot . && texture or taste ?	texture mostly , it 's like a crumble sponge .	's like	mushrooms	a sponge

515	a house that cleans itself . press a button and voila it 's clean && you would have to press a button ? primative	you mean you have to use your hands ? it 's like a baby 's toy .	's like	your hands	a baby 's toy

516	when a certain bald man headbutted a fiery italian after jokes about his mother && american kids know real football stuff ? i am amazed !	sure , we all watch the super bowl , it 's like a holiday here	's like	watch the super bowl	a holiday

517	comparing pizza hut and papa john 's is liking comparing alfredo 's pizza and pizza by alfredo && which one is the bad one again	oh it 's bad . it 's real bad . it 's like a circle of hot garbage .	's like	it	a circle of hot

518	we 've been made ! scatter ! && ok jack ! i 'm gon na be like a tree and leave !	i 'm gon na make like a tree and get outta here	make like	i	a tree

519	scot sterling ! ! && sweet butter crumpets !	his face is like a brick wall !	is like	his face	a brick wall

520	this sub today : x is y but with a twist . && every day	so this sub is like a joke , but there is no punchline	is like	this sub	a joke

521	still better than blood . && you say that now , but wait until you see all the brown clumps on your underwear	it was like a rotten cherry , just perched on the end like the topping of the world 's most disgusting banana split .	was like	brown clumps	a cherry

522	barry lyndon is the perfect film for people that love cinematography but hate entertaining films . && disagree , i enjoyed that movie moreso than 2001	seriously ? barry lyndon is like a quaalude nap set to classical music and lit by candlelight .	is like	barry lyndon	a quaalude nap

523	yes , his name 's chris traeger . && my body , is like a microchip	my body is like a chip too , potatochip	is like	my body	a chip

524	mods , flair this man ! && karma police , flair this man , he talks in maths .	he buzzes like a ford , he 's like a detuned turbo pump ...	's like	he	a ford detuned turbo pump

525	before invention of mirror . nobody would have seen how they look exactly . && guess you have n't been exposed to water	i 'm talking about exact replica . water ca n't reflect like a glass mirror .	reflect like	water	a glass mirror

526	on a live wire right up off the street && you and i should meet .	june bug , skipping like a stone	skipping like	june bug	a stone

527	haha no my method is just the tip of the iceberg ! hi i m mysecretaccount . && wonderful introduction !	got ta be light on your feet , float like a butterfly , sting like a bee .	sting like	my method	a bee

528	a mafia leader gets cheated out of $ 10 million by his bookeeper , paul . && have n't heard that one before	whoa , you 're new to the internet . you 're like a unicorn .	're like	you	a unicorn

529	macedonia is bad at everything && haha most people would say ' where ? '	in the middle of albania , kosovo , serbia , bulgaria , greece . we are like a crossroad ( <url>	are like	macedonia	a crossroad

530	did you touch it ? && that 's how you get sent to the next stage of human evolution	so the pole is like a moon stone but for people ?	is like	the pole	a moon stone but for people

531	only came for the monkey island reference . && " you fight like a dairy farmer ! "	how appropriate ! you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

532	who remembers this [ ice cream ] from school ? && i hated that feeling of the wooden stick on my teeth !	i actually liked it . and chewed on it . it was like a giant toothpick .	was like	ice cream	a giant toothpick

533	merrow wags and makes happy noises . && mozilla cries when the sun is briefly covered by a cloud .	merrow sees cloud is shaped like a dinosaur .	shaped like	cloud	a dinosaur

534	technically viruses are n't alive . && they are n't living but can be killed	... so kinda like a zombie ?	kinda like	viruses	a zombie

535	i 'd say shakira is beautiful , not hot && she was hot but getting older	she s aging like a fine wine	aging like	she	a wine

536	sram vs shimano && poor campy in the corner eating pasta .	campy is like a unicorn . you hear stories of it , but you never see it .	is like	campy	a unicorn

537	who are some examples of , " hate the artist not the art " ? && kanye west	" my beautiful dark twisted fantasy " is like a flower that grew from a pot of dirt	is like	" my beautiful dark twisted fantasy "	a flower

538	which books ? && i do n't remember , i know they were really short ones .	short and sweet like a midget 's feet ... after they 've been trying to make wine , i guess .	sweet like	books	a midget

539	this abbreviation truncation in the dropdown box is too perfect ... && that 's truncation , not abbreviation , just fyi	i thought a truncation was like a staycation , but i sit in my swim trunks on my couch .	was like	truncation	a staycation

540	i love the way it tilts it 's head in confusion too xd && that 's not confusion , he 's listening	you know how to think like a fox dude	think like	you	a fox

541	i 've always been confused by his appeal . his voice is awful . && have you listened to his early work ?	yup . it 's like a cat thrown into a dryer with a handful of rocks .	's like	his early work	a cat thrown into a dryer with a handful of rocks

542	wet your nail clippers before using them && or trim nails after a shower when the keratin is more flexible	after a long bath , it 's like a hot knife through butter .	's like	nails	a hot knife through butter

543	blue ridge mountains , shenandoah river ... && life is old there , older than the trees	younger than the mountains , flowing like a breeze	flowing like	life	a breeze

544	and the academy award goes to && love how the ref is watching the guy the whole time . nice try bub !	the other ref is like a stone wall does n't even move when he bumps into him .	is like	the other ref	a stone wall

545	is farming an insult ? && you fight like a dairy farmer !	how appropriate you fight like a cow .	fight like	you	a cow

546	beeg american teeties , cousin ? && 36 different flavors	this city is like a big uder milken ice cream shop .	is like	this city	a big uder milken ice cream shop

547	you mean the one dressed as a nun . && i thought he was dressed like a coconut	nah , he was dressed like a couch .	dressed like	he	a couch

548	kinda want to buy a time share now lol && i got you fam	alright but once i get in there i 'm like a tick you would need a swat team to get me out	'm like	i	a tick

549	long live the god emperor . && a moment of laxity spawns a lifetime of heresy .	an open mind is like a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded .	is like	an open mind	a fortress

550	[ serious ] what 's your one rule ? && change your stance if presented with evidence that refutes your current one .	" an open mind is like a castle with its gates unbarred and its walls unguarded . "	is like	an open mind	a castle

551	what were the biggest lies you were told by teachers at school ? && this is the worst class .	we were told that our class is like a fish market by the teachers	is like	our class	a fish market

552	flat earth . it 's hard not to laugh . && it 's hard not to laugh at the spherical earth model you mean .	no , the earth is shaped like a dognut .	shaped like	the earth	a dognut

553	he just beat cena . && it was over too quick lol .	considering takers past matches , yes . but storyline wise it works . cena was like a deer in the headlights .	was like	cena	a deer in the headlights

554	what definition of touching allows a 4 million mile gap . && it 's a pretty large danger zone .	would you say the probe 's orbit is like a highway ?	is like	the probe 's orbit	a highway

555	-dom , the fast and the furious . && coughs in norwegian	oil money is like a cheat code for economic stability and quality of life though ...	is like	oil money	a cheat code

556	are peaceful and quiet adjective for heaven now ? && i mean i think so haha . dead people are pretty quiet	so heaven is like a graveyard for dead people ?	is like	heaven	a graveyard

557	what do you have to do to become friends with crows ? && become a crow .	in order to think like a crow you must become the crow	think like	you	a crow

558	well i 'd argue they 're all really just one segmented movie . checkmate . && we 're not even playing chess !	if i hit your bullseye the rest of your dominoes will fall like a house of cards !	fall like	the rest of your dominoes	a house of cards

559	does the fbi always need white house approval for what it investigates like that ? && doj approval . he asked the doj .	sessions ran to trump squealing like a pig even though he said he 's recused himself from the investigation .	squealing like	sessions	a pig

560	they fell on the loaded gun while trying to move a jacuzzi up to the roof . && witnesses suffer simultaneous heart attack , very tragic	their families also died of grief , it 's like a plague i tell you !	's like	heir families also died of grief	a plague

561	a group of old men were sitting at a table ... && explain ?	a joke is like a frog once you dissect it its dead	is like	joke	a frog

562	contact tho && contact does n't mean foul tho	and the lightest of contact does n't make you drop like a sack of potatoes	drop like	you	a sack of potatoes

563	ride elevators/ escalators . source : i 'm an elevator / escalator mechanic . && are n't elevators like , extremely safe ?	imagine what would happen if something went wrong however , you 'd plummet like a rock	plummet like	you	a rock

564	they seem like fun , i 'd definitely hangout with the two of them . && those two would turn you into swiss cheese	split him open like a coconut	open like	him	a coconut

565	for all those times you need to stand in a camp fire ! && he 's a witch burn him !	does he float like a duck ! ?	float like	he	a duck

566	lol that number grows every month . && it 's like the opposite of donald 's approval ratings ... lmao !	glutton for punishment eh ? hug those pollsters tight like a security blanket even if they are way more often wrong than right .	tight like	those pollsters	a security blanket

567	pineapple . literally painful to eat after a while . && that 's because pineapple eats you back !	eating a pineapple is like a competition . whoever eats the other one first wins .	is like	eating a pineapple	a competition

568	what are some things science still ca n't explain ? && what is there at the end of the universe	there is no end or edge to the universe . it is like a 2d person trapped on the surface of a balloon .	is like	there is no end or edge to the universe	a 2d person trapped on the surface of a balloon

569	if you live in the western world even less point && why ? are third world countries better ?	western civilization is like a train going along the train tracks but ahead the tracks come to an end	is like	western civilization	a train

570	point is an aussie thing i reckon too && and kiwi .	but kiwis call ice " p " . this is like a really weird game of guess who .	is like	kiwis call ice " p "	a really weird game

571	i prefer the mac system . && big fan of waiting for the scraps .	you should see him feast , he 's like a mantis	's like	he	a mantis

572	honestly , this is just impressive . && ate a whole wheel of cheese and pooped in the refrigerator impressive ?	baxter , you 're like a miniature buddha covered in hair .	're like	baxter	a miniature buddha

573	lol yeah , here 's a link : " do n't speak her name ! " && that is awesome !	truly , the whole thing is like a rollercoaster of emotions !	is like	the whole thing	a rollercoaster

574	i caught it too i edit like a ninja && well not too ninjaful considering you got the asterisk of shame .	but to mobile users i 'm like a whisper on the wind in the shadows of the night invisible .	'm like	i	a whisper

575	what food is n't as healthy as people think ? && iceberg lettuce covered in a liter of ranch	iceberg lettuce is like a protein powder shake without the protein powder .	is like	iceberg lettuce	a protein powder shake without the protein powder

576	this guy is unbeatable && scott sterling ! the man with a face of steel and a heart of gold .	his face is like a brick wall that can feel pain and cries a lot !	is like	his face	a brick wall

577	without naming your state , how would you describe it so that someone else from your state would recognize it ? && sigh potatoes .	potatoes and shaped like a gun . yay idahome !	shaped like	your state	a gun

578	is avocet still around ? && i 'm pretty sure they are n't , but interestingly their website is still up and running : <url>	their website is like a time capsule .	is like	their website	a time capsule

579	some people call me doctor worm ... && he 's not a real doctor , but he is a real worm .	he is an actual worm . he lives like a worm and he likes to play the drums .	lives like	he	a worm

580	who would like a compliment ? && can i please have a compliment ?	for many people you are like a hot waterbottle on a cold winter 's night .	are like	you	a hot waterbottle

581	you want to keep your acceleration constant && oh snap !	i crackled like a witch	crackled like	i	a witch

582	if nautical nonsense be something you wish && spongebob squarepants	he will jump on the deck and flop like a fish	flop like	he	a fish

583	by body guards && and charlie	i drink it every morning so i can fight like a crow . caw	fight like	i	a crow

584	it 's confession time : people of reddit , what 's your guiltiest pleasure ? && watching ducktales . woo - oo	life is like a hurricane	is like	life	a hurricane

585	what are some red flags someone 's a duck ? && they look like a duck .	to add to this , if they walk or quack like a duck , it strengthens the case considerably .	quack like	they	a duck

586	a chalicotherium , if i had enough space for it . && were paraceratherium members of the chalicotherium family ?	if it had a horse 's head but walked like a gorilla , it probably was .	walked like	chalicotherium	a gorilla

587	he ai n't got no legs && guess you missed the reference	my mama always says references are like a box of chocolates . you never know what you 're going to get .	are like	references	a box of chocolates

588	probably othello , methinks . && this guy bards .	methinks it is like a weasel in his pants .	is like	othello	a weasel

589	[ found ] french fried corn dog && it looks like it has a disease	forreal it 's triggering my trypophobia . it 's like a rash on a stick .	's like	french fried corn dog	a rash on a stick

590	would definitely recommend 1password ! && 1password can be cracked . your brain ca n't .	yes it can . we 'll just whack you with a sock full of nickels until you sing like a canary .	sing like	you	a canary

591	redditors with synesthesia , will you tell us what our names look like ? && me next , please .	your username is lime green , lemon yellow and emerald green . it tastes like a fondant easter egg with chocolate .	tastes like	username	a fondant easter egg

592	antifa assaulting our most sacred institutions . && what does this have to do with antifa	yelling " antifa ! " is like a nervous tick for some people here .	is like	yelling " antifa ! "	a nervous tick

593	back to the future ii && great scott ! back to the future i butthead	my bad . " it 's make like a tree and leave ! "	make like	it	a tree

594	pretty sure that 's not a real country . && what is a finland ?	i think it 's like a ligma .	's like	it	a ligma

595	our species has no other to speak with && unless it 's parrots	they 're like a bad version of google assistant	're like	parrots	a bad version of google assistant

596	south america and africa . hit every continent in the northern hemisphere at some point before i turned 15 && how was life in antarctica ?	life is old there , older than the trees , younger than the mountains , blowing like a breeze .	blowing like	life	a breeze

597	the vanilla ice of religious cults . && stop , collaborate and listen hubbards back with a brand new invention	e - meters , grab hold of them tightly flow like a thetan , daily and nightly	flow like	e - meters	a thetan

598	if life had achievements like video games , which would be the hardest to achieve ? && billionaire status could be a good one lol .	take a day trip to zimbabwe . it 'll be like a game shark .	be like	take a day trip to zimbabwe	a game shark

599	matches prank && the real game is to complete the maze before the friendship meter runs out	idiocy is like a match , it can strike anywhere .	is like	idiocy	a match

600	<url> 's darth plagueis the wise . && why would jar jar tell a legend about himself ?	foreshadowing . it 's like a poem , everything rhymes .	's like	it	a poem

601	yes , ever heard of the tampermoney script used to clear your history ? && no . why would i want to clear my history ?	doxxing . it 's become a tool the left uses like a sacrament .	uses like	the tampermoney script	a sacrament

602	what pavlovian response do you have ? && if i see someone hit their head off the ground , my scar on my eyebrow twinges	you 're like a lame harry potter .	're like	you	a potter

603	martin " an extra 140bhp , enough to power your family saloon " brundle && martin " 3 into 2 wo n't go " brundle	martin " those tyres are like a 50p coin " brundle	are like	those tyres	a 50p coin

604	karma police arrest this man && i do n't follow , what are you saying	karma police arrest this man he talks in maths he buzzes like a fridge he 's like a detuned radio	's like	he	a detuned radio

605	your eyelashes taste nice in the morning && i 'm gon na tell my girlfriend this next time she wakes up next to me .	" your knee pits are like a warm hamburger . "	are like	your knee pits	a warm hamburger

606	okay ... i guess you 're one of those people . && last word .	yup just like i thought . you 're like a puppet on strings . go ahead post again now . do my bidding .	're like	you	a puppet on strings

607	that would ruin hat tricks forever . && there s the little hole on top where everyone has to get their hats through .	it would be like a giant game of cornhole .	be like	the little hole on top	a giant game of cornhole

608	no , still funny tho && if we ca n't laugh , we 'll have nothing left . darker times call for darker humor .	dark humor is like a kid with leukemia - it never gets old .	is like	dark humor	a kid with leukemia

609	that 's subjective . && are the babies dressed as clowns ?	do they squeak like a rubber ducky when pitchforked ?	squeak like	babies	a ducky

610	what kind of cow eats cow ? && a mad cow .	this joke is way too clever . i deserves to spread like a misfolded protein .	spread like	i	a misfolded protein

611	maybe in austin ? they seem pretty level headed . && can you do it by city ?	texas laws are by city . texas is run like a little country . take lgbt laws as an example : <url>	run like	texas	a little country

612	without naming the movie , what quote would give it away ? && " life is like a box of chocolates "	the quote is actually ' life was like a box of chocolates ' .	was like	life	a box of chocolates 

613	way to suck south dakota . && it really does suck . stationed here , ca n't wait to get orders out .	i 've lived here for my 22 years of existence . ca n't wait to make like a tree and leave soon .	make like	i	a tree

614	what is the most disgustingly dark joke you know ? && dark humor is like food .. not everyone gets it .	dark humor is like a kid with cancer ... it never gets old .	is like	dark humor	a kid with cancer

615	<url> right now && i 'm pretty happy .	i never see pens bandwagon fans . you 're like a unicorn .	're like	you	a unicorn

616	wisconsin ? && no , wisconsin is " never sober enough to drive away "	like that stops any of them from trying ? your first dui in wisconsin is like a rite of passage	is like	your first dui in wisconsin	a rite of passage

617	it also perfectly captures the various states of emotion i went through in deciding to give you this upvote . && canine horniness ?	she is cute , like you would n't act like a dog either .	act like	you	a dog

618	where that came from remains a mystree && that must have hurt treemendously	both of you should make like a tree and gtfo .	make like	both of you	a tree

619	who is the worst writer you 've ever had the displeasure of reading ? && paulo coelho - the king of platitudes .	same , worst author i can think of . he 's like a phony psychic that prey on vulnerable people	's like	paulo coelho	a phony psychic

620	what scene from an animated film made you legitimately cry like a baby ? && lol anything ghibli .	you right ghibli movies are like a childhood dream . half rember but never forgotten . so beautiful they hurt .	are like	ghibli movies	a childhood dream

621	what not so creepy thing do you find terrifying ? && pregnant women showing their babies " kicking " from the inside .	yes oooh my god . it 's like a little alien in there .	's like	babies	a little alien

622	what is the biggest way people waste money ? && eating out instead of making your own meals	i really wonder about this . every time i cook , it 's like a $ 20 shopping trip .	's like	i cook	a $ 20 shopping trip

623	the opposite also works but is far more silly looking . && do n't have a clean shirt ? wear a pillow case instead !	i 've always wanted to dress like a house elf	dress like	i	a house elf

624	what tv show has the best theme song ? && duck tales	life is like a hurricane	is like	life	a hurricane

625	dark humor is like a kid with cancer . never gets old . && dark humor is like food not everyone gets it	dark humor is like a newborn if it 's delivered wrong , it sounds retarded	is like	dark humor	a newborn

626	instant vegan && until they realize turkeys lay eggs .	died b4 it could lay the egg . and the heat of the oven was like a fast breeder	was like	the heat of the oven	a fast breeder

627	i got off , i got troublesome heart inside my dna && i just win again then win again like wimbledon i serve	yeah that 's him again , the sound , the engine in is like a bird	is like	the engine in	a bird

628	please be kind rewind && but did you have a dedicated tape rewinder ? that was the high life .	ours was shaped like a car .	shaped like	tape rewinder	a car

629	" oh shoot , better look busy ! " && the stiffbounce got me .	me too . he fell like a fainting goat .	fell like	he	a fainting goat

630	avoiding ww3 by letting russia bull doze over eastern europe && yep . laying down , ignoring your allies , only worry about yourself .	that 's called the monroe doctrine . it worked like a charm for 150 years .	worked like	monroe doctrine	a charm

631	some good bud with a great view to start off my day ( rhode island ) && i like your pipe there , bud	thanks man it 's decorated like a donut in the other side lol it 's my go to piece !	decorated like	pipe	a donut

632	foight like a boidger ! && fight milk , fly higher than the crow !	i drink it every morning so i can fight like a crow !	fight like	i	a crow

633	my wife can not eat the stuff . apparently it 's genetic . && tastes like soapy grass to me . i have the superpower !	yeah apparently you unfortunate souls think it tastes like a dishrag . how do you eat pho ? or tacos al pastor ?	tastes like	the stuff	a dishrag

634	what is your perfect pizza ? && double pepperoni	triple . it should look like a dragon scale shield and make you fart like a fog horn .	fart like	you	a fog horn

635	coyotes to wood buffalo confirmed && did n't wood buffalo basically burn down last year ?	then the team will rise like a phoenix from <url>	rise like	the team	a phoenix

636	breakfast tots [ homemade ] && what does tot mean here >	a tater tot is like a fat french fry shaped like a tiny oil barrel with a chunkier potato mix .	shaped like	fat french fry	a tiny oil barrel

637	i 'm pretty sure stealing all of your chrome passwords and posting them online is super illegal . && significantly more illegal than software piracy .	this is like a petrol station draining your bank account because you read a magazine without buying it .	is like	stealing all of your chrome passwords and posting them online is super illegal	a petrol station draining your bank account because you read a magazine without buying it

638	returning this weekend to <url> and ys ! ( my pic ) && how 's the sizing ? like a v2 ?	i went tts and they fit like a glove . if you want any room i 'd size up half size .	fit like	tts	a glove

639	warning to all stoners ! && yes do it ! chomps sticks from trader joes for the spicy win	the water was like a fresh breath of life ressurecting me	was like	the water	a fresh breath of life

640	i walk out at the end of every movie && could you imagine how big theaters would need to be if nobody ever left ?	earth is like a theater that we are all audiences to ... whoaaa	is like	earth	a theater

641	i have n't been in school for years , but it 's possible ! && ur best friend fears dolphins	totally not true . her left eyebrow is shaped like a dolphin when she quirks it and she loves it .	shaped like	her left eyebrow	a dolphin

642	what do you really want to brag about ? && i shagged miley cyrus once	did you come like a wrecking ball ?	come like	you	a ball

643	wtf is happening ? && genoa away	genoa is like a sleeping dragon . nowhere to be seen a whole season , but against juve they give 1000000 % .	is like	genoa	a sleeping dragon

644	tall people problems && surely this is more " tall people who are also built like tanks problems "	can confirm . tall person , built like a twig , never had this problem .	built like	tall person	a twig

645	which tv show has the best theme song ? && duck tales	life is like a hurricane ,	is like	life	a hurricane

646	aa mirror replays english && oh my god that last angle is so sweet ball literally does not spin	thing was shaking like a weeble - wobble	shaking like	thing	a weeble - wobble

647	so you 're telling me nflx is overpriced . && no , they are n't . you just do n't understand how the market works .	nah . it works like a one handed mountain climber .	works like	market	a one handed mountain climber

648	that 's why cap is a virgin . && she 's so hot	she s so flipping hot . she s like a curry	s like	she	a curry

649	an important question && it 's definitely the first one and i 'll fight any man who says otherwise .	yup . the bun is like a long sleeveless hoodie	is like	the bun	a long sleeveless hoodie

650	what are you the 1 % of ? && i 'm a guy with green eyes .	wait , that 's rare ? i 'm like a shiny pokemon ?	'm like	i	a shiny pokemon

651	reaction from cavs bench . && last guy on the bench said it best .	the whole bench is like a sliding scale of reaction .	is like	the whole bench	a sliding scale of reaction

652	who 's a popular comedian that you find overrated or just plain unfunny and ca n't understand why they 're popular ? && katt williams	he 's mildly racist and literally screams his jokes while sweating like a pig	sweating like	he	a pig

653	how comforting for the cia ... && umbrellas out , we 're in for a downpour of leaks .	trump is like a treed raccoon who knows when the hounds are on the scent .	is like	trump	a treed raccoon

654	olaf , girl nice ? && olaf berserker !	my love for you is like a truck berserker	is like	my love for you	a truck berserker

655	what fictional character do you identify most with ? && guts from berserk	your love is like a truck ?	is like	your love	a truck

656	what 's the worst experience you have with a beggars / street urchin ? && street urchin ? is that anything like nose clams ?	you know like a street rat , or riff raff !	know like	street urchin	a rat

657	surrendering to the japanese sounds like a horrifyingly bad idea , though . && do you think american soldiers treated japanese prisoners well ?	well , compared to months of torture and mutilation , a gunshot to the back of the head is like a fine hotell .	is like	a gunshot to the back of the head	a fine hotell

658	greased basketball , yes . && only if we are naked .	and the court starts level , but starts tilting like a marble maze as the game progresses .	tilting like	the court	a marble maze

659	what seemed funny at first , but you later realized to be profound ? && life is like a box of chocolates	the japanese version is life is like a sushi .	is like	life	a sushi

660	without naming the movie , what 's the one quote that would give it away ? && run forrest run	could ve gone with " life is like a box of chocolates " and not named half the title .	is like	life	a box of chocolates

661	which celebrities would probably make a cannibal sick from eating them ? && shia lebeof	he would be like a pack of crackers . a quick , easy meal that only satisfies your cravings , for a quick minute	be like	shia lebeof	a pack of crackers

662	what 's the most beautiful place you 've ever been ? && queenstown , new zealand	yup , went last year . every photo is like a postcard . milford sound was like a dream .	was like	milford sound	dream

663	what 's the most beautiful place you 've ever been ? && queenstown , new zealand	yup , went last year . every photo is like a postcard . milford sound was like a dream .	is like	photo	a postcard

664	which actor are you sick of seeing in everything ? && johnny sins	what ? he 's like a crash test dummy . you barely notice he 's even there .	's like	johnny sins	a crash test dummy

665	was you taught by keith lemon ? && nah vardy mate	school was like a party	was like	school	a party

666	[ for those who have n't been blessed ] ( <url> && the man , the myth , the legend ! !	his face is like a brick wall ! !	is like	his face	a brick wall

667	i microwave my skittles for 1 - 2 seconds . it 's amazing && you sir , however ; what the heck	they melt in your mouth . kinda like a chocolate rainbow	kinda like	skittles	a chocolate rainbow

668	ah , the spacebattles solution : one ( trillion ) lions , at sufficient velocity . && surely at that point it 's a draw though ? pretty sure that 's gon na vaporize the lions .	once you 're going that fast the lions cease to exist as lions and more as a indiscrete mass of hadrons .	as lions and more as	the lion	a indiscrete mass of hadrons

669	skype was a game changer for deaf people . && you think skype was around before texting ?	nope but is just as personal as a phonecall and how long have we had phonecalls . yet they just had email or text . .	as personal as	skype	a phonecall

670	the presidential library for trump is going to be amazing && i doubt trump even wants a presidential library . he 's gon na get a presidential ripley 's believe it or not	hosting such mysteries as the missing server and wonders as a fully functional kfc .	as the missing server and wonders as	the presidential library for trump	a kfc

671	so marines are n't soldiers now ? && marines are marines . army calls theirs soldiers . in fact , a lot of marines get upset if you call them a soldier .	i was just trying to make fun of the fact that he look as dense as a bag of concrete . not start an argument	as dense as	marines	a bag of concrete

672	why is sublime so good ? please explain . && if you have to ask , you 'll never know . maybe you need to listen to them again .	it was played every 7th song on the radio as i grew up . the lyrics are as deep as a birdbath .	as deep as	the lyrics	a birdbath

673	what does this say in american && americans not getting british slang and phrases is one of my favourite things about reddit , makes me realise how weird some of the stuff we say is .	you could say some of it is as queer as a 2 dollar bill .	as queer as	some of the stuff we say	a 2 dollar bill

674	r u b e n e s q u e && reuben is the one with sauerkraut . ruben is the painter . sorry , when i read your word , i could only see sauerkraut	clearly the author meant to imply that she was as big as a sandwich !	as big as	ruben	a sandwich

675	what 's a random fact about your dad ? && he 's a man with all the strength of a coursing river mysterious as the dark side of the moon	but is he as swift as a raging fire ?	as swift as	your dad	a raging fire 

676	what 's your favourite saying ? && " about as useful as a screen door on a submarine " " the wheel 's spinning , but the hamster 's dead " ( referring to someone being stupid )	my favorite is " well that 's about as useful as a football bat " the flip side is " you are as helpful as pockets on a shirt ! "	as useful as	that	a football bat

677	what 's your favourite saying ? && " about as useful as a screen door on a submarine " " the wheel 's spinning , but the hamster 's dead " ( referring to someone being stupid )	my favorite is " well that 's about as useful as a football bat " the flip side is " you are as helpful as pockets on a shirt ! "	as helpful as	you	pockets on a shirt

678	it 's almost like he 's unstable or something && trump is about as stable as a wobble board . being spun around in a clothes dryer . while the machine is being tossed around by a tornado .	he 's as stable as a drunk on a pogo stick on a trampoline on a canoe during a thunderstorm !	as stable as	trump	a drunk

679	and whomever is debating your coolness needs to pipe down ! && i can never let others determine my coolness . my coolness is etched in stone . as is yours , it seems .	alas , i am about as cool as a broken refrigerator ! you , however , appear to be sub zero !	as cool as	i	a broken refrigerator

680	all these people rambling about tacos al pastor and missing the real winner here . <url> 's like the soul of a country in a dish . so , so good . && it 's the heaven 's soup	also , let 's be real - it 's just as much a meal as a vehicle for chicharrones .	as much a meal as	tacos	a vehicle

681	what 's the right etiquette when staying over someone else 's place as a couple ? && if you do anything naughty make sure no one can hear	i m practically as silent as a mouse but they keep staring at us , appalled what did we do wrong ?	as silent as	i	a mouse

682	they got taken to the places where people needed to send messages from , and carried the messages back home . && why does n't the person who had the bird just bring the message back ?	very few people run as fast as a bird flies .	as fast as	very few people	a bird

683	i believe mordo says that he wields the staff of the living tribunal . && how would you get a weapon from something so powerful ?	eh , some sorcerer probably just thought it made him sound cool " yeah , well , my staff is as powerful as a multidimensional superconsciousness ! "	as powerful as	my staff	a multidimensional superconsciousness

684	they do n't need to an eye sore . people go nuts for monorails . they can look amazing and be a decent tourist attraction in that way . && i hear those trains are awfully loud	it glides as softly as a cloud .	as softly as	trains	a cloud

685	fun fact : the actor is hyde 's brother from that 70 's show && and they 're scientologists .	i think being a scientologist as an actor is the same as a church passing around a collection basket . they 're only doing it for the $ $ $	as an actor is the same as	being a scientologist as an actor	a church passing around a collection basket

686	today i learned detroit , synonymous with the auto industry , has a driverless monorail system that moves about 2.4 million people a year . && i hear those things are awfully loud	it glides as softly as a cloud .	as softly as	a driverless monorail system	a cloud

687	i 'd go for the second . money will always be there . you can only get trophies during your career . && money wo n't always be there . many athletes go bankrupt after retirement	are we allowed to assume we have our own brains in this hypothetical scenario ? or do we all have to assume we 're as thick as a brick	as thick as	we	a brick

688	you wake up 100 years in the future . what 's one thing you notice that does n't surprise you ? && iphone is now 15 feet long .	do n't forget : as thin as a sheet of paper and 5h battery life .	as thin as	iphone	a sheet of paper

689	who would be the likely winner of a physical fight between justin trudeau and vladimir putim ? && trudeau , look how easily he handled brazeau . putin is old and sad	trudeau 's about as tough as a glass of warm milk .	as tough as	trudeau	a glass of warm milk

690	both sides again . you really are n't capable of thinking for yourself . && on the contrary , it 's you who lacks the insight or recognize the fact .	and a " nou. " you 're as sharp as a crayon left in the sun .	as sharp as	you	a crayon

691	then what are you when you do what a troll does without being aware of it ? && just a person with an opinion different than yours .	what does that mean for his / her opinion if it 's just as frustrating to me as a troll 's ? which opinion is the ignorant one ( mine or his / hers ) ?	as frustrating to me as	his / her opinion	a troll 's

692	traveling to london . && that 's a rather odd thing to fantasise about . i mean , london is nice , but surely there are things you like more ?	london is about as nice as a coffin filled with angry wasps .	as nice as	london	a coffin

693	what other anime would you recommend for someone who liked this show ? && black lagoon is vaguely similar in its episodic grittiness , but does n't really share the same melancholy .	it 's a fun show but about as deep as a puddle	as deep as	black lagoon	a puddle

694	" he was just a passenger at that stage " && " daniel must just count to 3 when he gets to the corners 1 , 2 , <url> now brake "	" about as useful as a chocolate fireguard . "	as useful as	brake	a chocolate fireguard

695	if you had a large sum of money , whose life would you make worse ? && mike pence . i would pay for someone to electrocute heterosexuality out of him .	is there any heterosexuality in him to remove ? i 'm pretty sure he 's as straight as a paper clip .	as straight as	he	a paper clip

696	this is hilariously ironic && hey maybe spam six more of my posts begging me for negative attention , then i 'll think you 're edgy and cool .	i 'm as edgy and cool as a frozen knife also you 're insane	as edgy and cool as	i	a frozen knife

697	lol like just some random dude on reddit kind of a theory ? && a bit more than that !	is it a common held belief that animals are n't conscious ? that feels more bizzare than the mind of an octopus can learn as fast as a human .	as fast as	octopus	a human

698	from which i deduce you have been on reddit less than a week && seriously , there are some things that come up unusually often on reddit .	the hivemind is broad as an ocean , but deep as a puddle .	 is broad as	the hivemind	an ocean

699	i agree thank you op . && your welcome random commenter .	now have you tagged as " awesome as a possum " keep being awesome . and as others said , you sound like a great mom	as " awesome as	you	a possum

700	" back to the future " - i love both , doc and marty mcfly && make like a tree and get out of here old man .	that makes as much sense as a screen door on a battleship	as much sense as	" back to the future "	a screen door on a battleship

701	why would he need to answer maths questions ? && maybe someone gave him a sheet of math questions to solve before kidnapping ninjas killed the president	probably about as realistic as a genie to be fair .	as realistic as	maybe someone gave him a sheet of math questions to solve before kidnapping ninjas killed the president	a genie

702	was cleaning my room and stumbled upon a custom i made for my ex a while back ... && forget your ex , let me be your next	i 'm as red as a tomato	as red as	i	a tomato

703	for sure , he was n't the brightest hammer in the bag . && i 've heard " not the sharpest knife in the drawer " but i 've never heard this one before	how about , he s about as sharp as a bag of wet mice ?	as sharp as	he	a bag of wet mice

704	reddit , what is the most ' mind boggling ' fact you know ? && that if sound waves could travel through space the sun burning would sound as loud as a chainsaw at about 10 metres ...	what 's your source on this ? i read that it would be as loud as a freight train whistle from three meters away , but i ca n't remember where .	as loud as	the sun burning	a freight train whistle

705	far too boring from valverde . needs to be sent back to his previous club as punishment && you guys really miss him , do n't you ? he won your first trophy after a decade iirc in dominant way .	we really miss him . he had us organised so well . we were very difficult to beat . no our defence is as reliable as a wet kleenex	as reliable as	our defence	a wet kleenex

706	in his own mind . && obama is a humble person . i highly doubt he would think that . ps this article is dumb because he is n't the greatest president ever .	i am about as humble as a disco ball .	as humble as	i	a disco ball

707	you sure do seem to complain about that a lot . && yes , it 's annoying . you 'll see if oprah runs , and you do n't support her .	that 's probably about as likely as trump being as successful as a president as you 've hoped .	as successful as	if oprah runs , and you do n't support her	a trump being as successful as a president as you 've hoped

708	when the hotel staff has your back && this is quite clever really . girls are terribly contrary and seeing this sign will give her an inherent urge to rebel .	it 's an urge they ca n't control , since their brains are only as large as a squirrels .	as large as	their brains	a squirrels

709	if you post this in <url> they might be able to help out . && i mean , their advice always ends with " speak to a lawyer " which is what is most advisable in this case .	getting your legal advice from reddit is about as reliable as a raccoon .	as reliable as	getting your legal advice from reddit	a raccoon

710	what is something you wish you knew when you were 18 years old ? && how to not be awkward around women !	this is me . i do n't know how to fix it it just happens . i also do n't pick up on social cues or anything . i 'm as dense as a brick wall	as dense as	i	a brick wall

711	just be sure to keep a supply of torgos executive powder on hand . && for those who are afraid to click , what is that ?	do n't be afraid of futurama . it 's good for your brain and makes your breath as fresh as a summer ham .	as fresh as	your breath	a summer ham

712	if you disarm the populace , the mentally ill wo n't be able to kill in large numbers . && nah , they 'll just start splashing acid on each other like they do in london	acid is not as lethal of a weapon as a gun .	as lethal of a weapon as	acid	a gun

713	me too . she was such a spitfire . i seriously love this woman . she was the cool aunt i 'd always wanted . && i 'm telling your aunt you said that .	haha my aunts a psycho and has as much personality as a fence post . g'head	as much personality as	personality	a fence post . g'head

714	haha no my method is just the tip of the iceberg ! hi i m mysecretaccount . && wonderful introduction !	got ta be light on your feet , float like a butterfly , sting like a bee .	float like	my method	a butterfly

715	still think there 's a better chance of singh winning than scheer . && based on all available polling , that looks very unlikely . any reason in particular you feel this way ?	once the campaigning starts people will see scheer is about as interesting as a mayo sandwhich .	as interesting as	scheer	a mayo sandwhich

716	democrats really should just be purged from government . they are irrational and have no sense of constitutional authority . && she 's a republican , that became apart of the doj under bush .	well i am a democrat . i still voted for trump . party affiliation is apparently only as deep as a persons ' actions .	as deep as	party affiliation	a persons ' actions

717	that is simply not true . && you 're disagreeing with the animal behavior experts .	i have never heard the claim that a cow is as intelligent as a 6 year old child . going to have to ask for some evidence on this please .	as intelligent as	cow	a 6 year old child

718	deer are scary as f -- k as a motorist . they go through your windshield they can kill you . && are emu ?	they can weigh up to 60 kg and run as fast as a car - if you hit one they can go through the windshield and kill you	as fast as	deer	a car

719	a goal as ugly as a witch 's nose covered in warts && a goal is a goal mate	no offence meant , mate . i was quoting ray hudson . he said , " it may be as ugly as a witch 's noes covered in warts , but real madrid will take it . "	as ugly as	a goal	a witch's noes

720	that read like a description of a serial killer . && the " great skin " makes it sound like a description from a serial killer .	a nice skin , soft as a lamb , white as a lamb and delicious . as a lamb	as a lamb and delicious . as	a nice skin	a lamb

721	i worry about india sometimes && in a recent study , india was found to be an even worse place than saudi arabia to be a woman . saudi arabia !	yeah nah . will really need the source and how they compared the data ? a study is as authentic as a comment by redditor if it 's not peer reviewed	as authentic as	a study	a comment by redditor

722	elon musk is fragrance designer . see , that was n't the most ignorant thing . && good try but wrong , it definitely was the most ignorant thing .	you 're about as fun as a wet boot in the winter .	as fun as	you	a wet boot

723	as a direct personal attack on me . do n't play word games with other people 's comments . && did it hurt your feelings ?	i 'm as happy as a clam . 8 years of trump is going to be a blast . how are your feelings ? need to talk to somebody ?	as happy as	i	a clam

724	not a person , but i 'm pretty sure the name katrina has seen a huge decrease in popularity since that one hurricane . && i know a katrina . she is just about as pleasant as the hurricane was .	i also know a katrina , as pleasant as a hurricane !	as pleasant as	katrina	a hurricane

725	without revealing its name what is your favorite video game ? && " you fight like a dairy farmer ! " " how appropriate , you fight like a cow . "	" you 're as repulsive as a monkey in a negligee . "	as repulsive as	you	a monkey

726	whattttt ? since when ? && since they got sued . one of the cannons blew up i believe , hurting a reporter .	cannons suck anyway . they 're nowhere near as cool as a trebuchet . full disclosure , my mom 's cousin built king arthur , so i might be bias .	as cool as	cannons	a trebuchet

727	you have a gun that puts holes in walls while a robot tells you you 're fat . && portal 2 , because glados never tells you that you 're fat in the first game .	she called me as majestic as a soaring eagle .... sitting on a blimp	as majestic as	me	a soaring eagle

728	no it 's a realistic point of view && not at all actually , if you have respect for street scum then you are just as pathetic as a corrupt cop .	so having an opinion different from yours makes me as pathetic as a corrupt cop . wow i 'd applaud your logic but you 've yet to use any .	as pathetic as	me	a corrupt cop

729	uses reddit for actual evidence . i literally could not make this up if i tried && people on reddit are not people ? now you 're reaching . sad .	almost as bad as citing cnn as a source to an argument	as citing cnn as	uses reddit for actual evidence	a citing cnn as a source to an argument

730	what 's a 10/10 film that not many people have seen or heard of ? && the man from earth .	it 's a terrible , terrible movie . what 's wrong with you people ? it 's so corny , poorly acted , and about as subtle as a kick to the head .	as subtle as	the man from earth	a kick to the head

731	this is heavy ! && there 's that word again : " heavy . " why are things so heavy in the future ? is there a problem with the earth 's gravitational pull ?	that 's about as funny as a screen door on a battleship	as funny as	is there a problem with the earth 's gravitational pull ?	a screen door on a battleship

732	moose are nothing to mess with . they can take on a full sized car at speed and still walk away with the car being wrecked . && people do n't understand how massive they are .	a moose is as big as a house . at least any house i 'll ever be able to afford .	as big as	a moose	a house

733	new recliners for the stadium && i wish , do n't know much about other stadiums , but the seats at the bridge make airline seats feel luxurious .	you obviously have n't flown united mate . their seats are as thick as a sheet of paper , as stable as venezuela , and as comfortable as an iron maiden .	as thick as	their seats	a sheet of paper

734	this is the sentiment he 's talking about . && exactly , not even at his best he 's the best player in the league .	you are as deluded as a scouser oh you are a scouser	as deluded as	you	a scouser

735	this is a travesty , his words are a matter of pride . && disney execs are apparently thicker than hyenas .	well , their powers of retention are as wet as a warthog 's backside ...	as wet as	their powers of retention	a warthog 's backside

736	never forget usas frags in bf3 . what a magically horrifying time && they 're just as bad in 4 !	but it 's a pickup , so it 's nowhere near as cancerous as a hallway literally filled with explosions	as cancerous as	usas frags in bf3	a hallway

737	in the end , he tried so hard && this thread makes me cringe so bad its like crawwwwwwwwwling innnnnnnnn my skinnnnnnnn	pun threads are as annoying as a papercut	as annoying as	pun threads	a papercut

738	what are your own ways for getting your sleep schedule back in sync ? && go to sleep at 10 pm	my mind would still be as sharp as a knife at that point though .	as sharp as	my mind	a knife

739	next week he 's gon na try to sell us a monorail . && i hear those things are awfully loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud .	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

740	he does n't confirm that with this statement && every time he throws a hissy fit on twitter he gives up the game .	donny two scoops is about as subtle as a dump truck in a nitroglycerin plant .	as subtle as	donny two scoops	a dump truck

741	technically all video - games are rpgs && mario paint .	you do n't really role play , but the screen acts as a canvas and the mouse as a paint brush .	as	the screen	a canvas

742	technically all video - games are rpgs && mario paint .	you do n't really role play , but the screen acts as a canvas and the mouse as a paint brush .	as	the mouse	a paint brush

743	a monorail you say ? && i hear those things are awful loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud ...	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

744	why though ? for the warmth ? for the white noise ? && i think she said it was both of those reasons	i 'm guessing it 's more that she is as mentally balanced as a seesaw with a cinder block on it .	as mentally balanced as	she	a seesaw

745	sky is blue . && and all the trees are green .	my heart 's as full as a baked potato .	as full as	my heart	a baked potato

746	hopefully it 's wrong . && it wo nt be wrong , just a matter of how wide and how much blood .	i 'd say about as wide as a valley and enough blood to reach a horse 's bridle .	as wide as	blood	a valley

747	brockway , ogdenville , and north haverbrook ! && i hear those things are awefuly loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud !	as softly as	it	a cloud

748	well tamatoa has n't always been this glam && yeah he was a drab little crab once , if i remember correctly ...	but now he 's as happy as a clam , because he 's beautiful baby !	as happy as	he	a clam

749	bollywood at it finest . && he lands like , " are you not entertained ? ! "	not nearly as impressive as a half - court shot though .	as impressive as	bollywood	a half - court shot 

750	you just say this because you are autistic . /j && ugh , you sound like my dad ! lol	but i 'm your mom . your other mother ! do n't you want eyes as cute as a button ?	as cute as	eyes	a button

751	monorail monorail monorail ! && i hear those things are awfully loud	it glides as softly as a cloud	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

752	hear me out . monorail ! && i hear those things are awfully loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud !	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

753	hope he does n't see right through me && now i really wish that i knew how to swim .	to be a man you must be as swift as a coursing river	as swift as	man	a coursing river

754	you have no idea . && their bites are pretty nasty i hear .	not quite as nasty as a møøse .	as nasty as	their bites	a møøse

755	sharp knives are safe knives . && this . i do n't understand how on earth a dull knife would be any better ...	when it 's as dull as a hammer you ai n't cutting yourself no matter what	as dull as	knife	a hammer

756	what 's your favorite villain song ? && mad uncle singing about killing his brother and nephew to take the throne .	i know that your powers of retention are as wet as a warthog 's backside .	as wet as	your powers of retention	a warthog 's backside

757	what s with the life <url> jump ship ? && dork thinks he 's gon na drown !	that 's as funny as a screen door on a battleship .	as funny as	dork thinks he 's gon na drown !	a screen door on a battleship

758	a parasite if it is unwanted . it is so simple . && it is simple ?	tumors are as living as a fetus . you gon na stop killing those too ?	as living as	tumors	a fetus

759	most of the simpson 's songs . && i heard those things are awfully loud	it glides as softly as a cloud !	as softly as	the simpson 's songs	a cloud

760	durian . && duran duran ?	only if i was extremely hungry , like perhaps as a hungry as a wolf	as a hungry as	i	a wolf

761	does avenatti know he 's dealing with a very stable genius ? ? && a stable as a fat man in a canoe during heavy seas	that was generous , more , as stable as a hippo , in a coracle , on vi rapids .	as stable as	a very stable genius	a hippo

762	the bible . && i studied it . do n't really wanna read it anymore ...	studying the bible wow about as useful as a gender studies class .	as useful as	studying the bible	a gender studies class

763	i thought it was a monkey island reference , actually ... && how appropriate , you fight like a cow !	you are as repulsive as a monkey in a negligee !	as repulsive as	you	a monkey

764	but what sauce with the nuggets ? && mulan szchuan sauce	does it making as swift as a coursing river ?	as swift as	mulan szchuan sauce	a river

765	you 've been selected for advanced cancer && jokes aside how dangerous is that ?	i took a training class on these machines . it pumps out about as much radiation as a battery powered radio .	as much radiation as	these machines	a battery powered radio

766	what are some modern urban legends ? && slender man	which is interesting as it started as a creepy pasta . are they the format for our modern legends ?	as it started as	slender man	a pasta

767	you 're talking about a politician . && who promised transparency ... the fact that he is a politician neither excuses nor mitigates dishonesty , so i m not sure why you 're bringing it up .	because an honest politician is about as rare as a gold penny ?	as rare as	an honest politician	a gold penny

768	demons . pfft . be realistic . ancient evil undead all powerful sorceress for sure . && bah .. clearly it contains the remnants of wesley snipes acting career .	that humour is as sharp as a blade . .	as sharp as	humour	a blade

769	if your blinker noise is faster than normal , you most likely have a turn signal out . && is this true on newer cars ? are n't they digitally activated rather than those weird mechanical switches nowadays ?	i have no idea , i 'm as mechanically inclined as a fish . my ex girlfriend taught me this tidbit .	as mechanically inclined as	i	a fish

770	drive into a crowd with an f-250 . i bet more than 1 person dies . && that 's your fantasy , not mine .	i have no desire to hurt anyone . i 'm just stating the fact that a car has the capability of doing as much damage as a gun and more than a knife .	as much damage as	a car	a gun

771	does n't quite work out given we see the execution from ned 's pov in the books , and why 'd varys do that anyway ? && well no - one likes dying .	varys has no problem with getting thousands of people slaughtered to further his plans . why 'd he spare ned , who is about as useful as a wet rag ?	as useful as	ned	a rag

772	he never grew up , he has so much potential and every advantage you could imagine but never took control of himself . && i ca n't tell if i 'm you , or your best friend in this scenario ...	are you 6 2 and as cuddly as a panda ?	as cuddly as	you	a panda

773	what it your favorite musical and why is it les miserables ? && i prefer cannibal ! the musical .	the sky is blue , and all the leaves are green , the sun 's as warm as a baked po - tay - tuh !	as warm as	sun	a baked po - tay - tuh

774	i mean so will a 45 or 12 gauge && yep . god thing they shoot slower reload slower carry and carry less rounds .	umm that 's not how it works . this is n't a video game , a pistol can reload and shoot just as fast as a semi auto ar .	as fast as	pistol	a semi auto ar

775	remember when sean hannity turned out to be cohen 's third client , his office got raided , and trump bombed syria ? that was 2 whole weeks ago . && this is how dogs experience time .	i do n't feel as happy as a dog though . i want off this wild ride	as happy as	i	a dog

776	is it normal for people to constantly question / challenge your choices , likes , opinions all the time ? && yeah that happens . they might be intimidated or do n't know how else to connect with you .	everyone ? i do nt think i 'm intimidating .. i 'm as fierce as a mouse ..	as fierce as	i	a mouse

777	wow man quit reaching for bs and look at the actual argument . i refuse to believe you 're this dense unintentionally . && op said making boys uncomfortable was illegal not me .	no , your skull is just as dense as a brick .	as dense as	your skull	a brick

778	lab owner here and i agree ! && you have a lab and you have n't realized they 're the best breed yet ? are you alright ?	to be fair labs are either intelligent or as dumb as a sack of potatoes . he probably has a dumb boi .	as dumb as	labs	a sack of potatoes

779	they are in the same category as drunk drivers . && please . drunk drivers have the potential to kill or injure themselves and others while doing their misdeed .	so are these idiots , they can kill somebody driving to return a book to a book store just as easily and quickly as a drunk driver can .	as easily and quickly as	idiots	a drunk driver

780	yup that s why this water drop on my cup is flat . /s && it 's not in a container idiot , fill half that cup with water then tell me if it 's round .	yes interesting how the property 's of water change depending on the amount now apply that to the mass of an object as huge as a planet .	as huge as	object	a planet

781	a blind man had to shoot his dog ... && a joke that was about to make me sad , but instead made me happy . yay ! dog lives !	you say i 'm as mad as a hatter i care not one whit for your chatter so ardent my cause i 'll give you no pause say it with me : dog lives matter !	as mad as	i	a hatter

782	we 're discussing statistics and their contributing factors . not severity . && you should be considering severity . one dog is far more likely to kill or permanently maim you if it attacks .	well obviously . no one is arguing that a chihuahua is as dangerous as a pit .	as dangerous as	chihuahua	a pit

783	i hope his heat lamp goes out tonight , and when he wakes up and crawls to the kitchen he finds that all his lettuce for the week has wilted untimely . && mcconnell drowning his sorrows : <url>	i resent that a creature as noble and wise as a tortoise gets compared to the soulless primordial slime that is mitch mcconnell .	as noble and wise as	creature	a tortoise

784	i eat the kiwi skin && kiwis , mangos , oranges , tangerines .... i just wash them and eat , never peel them . lots of nutrients in the peels .	okay how is mango even possible . like it 's as hard as a rock	as hard as	mango	a rock

785	well sir , there 's nothin' on earth like a genuine bona - fide electrified six - car monorail && i hear those things are awfully loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud .	as softly as	a genuine bona - fide electrified six - car monorail	a cloud

786	superman can still move even if he is robbed of his power because of kryptonite or red sun radiation && his muscles do the work .	his muscles are only as strong as a human for his size and build without the powers granted by yellow sun radiation . humans ca n't bend diamonds .	as strong as	his muscles	a human for his size

787	facts are facts . this was not some insider secret . && these are not facts . these are opinions .	she sounds as dumb as a brick when she gives interviews . but then maybe she 's just trying to appeal to their base by pretending	as dumb as	she	a brick

788	it 's just the only comment of yours in italian is 3 words long lol && this is an english subreddit , is n't it . i post italian on <url>	you 're as italian as a dolmio jar , lad .	as italian as	you	a dolmio jar

789	so yes , you think your loved one should die ? && once it 's at that point , i 'm indifferent . they 've made their choice .	you think addiction is as simple as a choice ?	as simple as	addiction	a choice

790	potatoes are objectively the best food && but have you ever had a double - decker taco at taco bell ?	this is not easily grown , and not quite as versatile as a potato . however , i do admit that a double - decker taco could be made into a delicious soup .	as versatile as	a double - decker taco	a potato

791	if every animal was changed to the size of a golden retriever , which animal would you want as pet most and why ? && tiny adorable elephants ! ^^tiny ^^trumpet ^^noise	i picture there elephant being just as playful as a golden retriever too . playing fetch , going for walks , teaching it tricks ...	as playful as	elephant	a golden retriever

792	i 'm not sure if the others got your joke . i see what you did there ... && it was quite subtle , but the fact it got replies is interesting .	yeah , it was as subtle as a slap in the face .	as subtle as	your joke	a slap

793	if i recall correctly , it 's also highly likely that he was our first and only homosexual president . && yeah , he was gay as the ace of spades .	how is the ace of spades gay ? i understand " as queer as a three dollar bill " but the ace of spades reference confuses me !	as queer as	ce of spades gay	a three dollar bill

794	do you realize how difficult / nearly impossible it is to actually disprove something ? && if you 're a teacher , it only takes one spiteful teenager to end your career	it amazes me that an entire family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of wild dogs .	as simple as	an entire family can be torn apart by something	a pack of wild dogs

795	chicago - style pizza made in brazil && tomato soup pie ?	it looks kind of like a soup in the picture , right ? but in this other pic you may see that it 's not as " liquid " as a soup	as " liquid " as	chicago - style pizza	a soup

796	leftists , can we now put the " donald does n't care about africa " myth to rest ? && russians , can you train your trolls a little better ?	he 's mocking trump for thinking obama was born in kenya . i do n't know how you managed to miss it , the joke was about as subtle as a trainwreck .	as subtle as	joke	a trainwreck

797	that national archives link is awesome . thanks so much . && i 've used it a ton in my research . it 's an amazing resource .	was it true that the british officers would use troublesome people as foxes as a form of entertainment ?	as foxes as	troublesome people	a form of entertainment

798	in a serious food fight , a food fight to the death , what would be the most appropriate food weapon ? && i want to try to stab someone with a carrot .	whenever i think about carrots and death , i always remember that fun fact about human fingers being as easy to bite through as a carrot .	as easy to bite through as	human fingers	a carrot

799	well , he should really make like a tree and get outta here . && it 's make like a tree and leave ! ya sound so stupid when ya say it wrong !	that 's about as funny as a screen door on a battleship !	as funny as	that	a screen door on a battleship

800	today i learned by 400 bc , persian engineers had mastered the technique of storing ice in the middle of summer in the desert . && so why am i paying for central ac again ?	you may not be as crafty as a persian from the v century bc	as crafty as	you	a persian

801	they are finnish , of course they are good looking . && can confirm . dated a finnish girl . drop dead gorgeous with a personality as deep as an oil slick .	so you dated a typical fin , the best part is when everything even remotely funny falls as flat as a pancake .	as flat as	everything even remotely funny	a pancake

802	what exactly can we the citizens do ? obviously nothing stops these clowns from acting against public outcry . && not voting for corrupt traitors as highest ranked representative would be an important first step .	did n't help that we had the most corrupt and evil republican i 've ever seen and a democrat as transparent as a brick wall .	as transparent as	democrat	a brick wall

803	that question can go on forever .. if nothing made evolution how did evolution begin ? && you really want to ask this question ? it 's going to be a really long answer .	i know the answer according to science . and it 's as ridiculous as a creator .	as ridiculous as	answer	a creator

804	cat logic is now law . what becomes completely normal as a result of this ? && everyone must rise at 3 am and run an obstacle course through the house .	that 's about as brilliant as a squirrel going to a doggy day care place	as brilliant as	everyone must rise at 3 am and run an obstacle course through the house	a squirrel going to a doggy day care place

805	and the power of love ? && oh dear god now it 's stuck in my head ! why do n't you make like a tree and get out of here !	oh that 's about as funny as a screen door on a battleship .	as funny as	you make like a tree and get out of here	a screen door on a battleship

806	someone link me to proof of this being debunked ? it does seem there is evidence to support the claim . 1 2 && read the article ?	please . the independent is about as credible as a tumblr blog .	as credible as	independent	a tumblr blog

807	accepting the presidency might be the stupidest thing donald trump has ever done . && i think you might be right . i wonder if he 's having any regrets now ? ( or trumpgrets , as it were )	watch the videos from election night . he started having regrets immediately . dude was as pale as a ghost . has n't stopped regretting it since .	as pale as	dude	a ghost

808	either my weight or my hair ... could n't tell you for sure . && how much does your hair weigh ?	depends , when it 's short it 's as light as a feather but when it 's long ( which it is right now ) it 's about , oh i do n't know , 200 lbs .	as light as	hair	a feather

809	when i eat scrambled eggs in the am i eat a minimum of 6 . your fine . && i know a guy steve who eats a minimum of 12 . does that mean it 's good for op ?	i know a guy who eats 5 dozen eggs a day . he 's as big as a barge .	as big as	he	a barge

810	please explain a better way to convey the message in rap/ hip hop song . && it 's just so blatant that it lacks any creativity . also treating it like a hype song is silly	is it about as subtle as a sledge hammer being swung over a kids head by a guy yelling " i hate kids " ?	as subtle as	also treating it like a hype song is silly	a sledge hammer being swung over a kids head by a guy yelling " i hate kids "

811	samurai jack is coming back this year . 13 years later . && it 's way easier to bring back a cartoon than it is a filmed show .	maybe i 'm wrong but are n't all the actors down ? i thought it was just a rights issue . which makes it just as easy / hard as a cartoon .	as easy / hard as	samurai jack	a cartoon

812	doorhinge , syringe , and now norange . what a time to be alive . && i disagree wholeheartedly that door hinge ( which is two words ) and syringe rhyme with orange	take some inventory and as gorge as a ford engine door hinge syringe an orange an extension cord and a ninja sword - eminem , brainless	as gorge as	inventory	a ford engine door

813	hard to stab 10 - 20 in the same amount of time and they all would n't die . && have you seen a knife attack ? cruise liveleak if you have the stomach for it	yeh still not as much damage as a semi - auto . stop rationalizing this .	as much damage as	knife attack	a auto

814	when i was a lad i at 4 dozen eggs every morning to help me get large && 4 dozen , no problem ; but no man can eat 50 eggs .	gaston definitely can . he 's as big as a barge , though .	as big as	he	a barge

815	more strawmen , lack of coherent rebuttal , and name calling from you ? shocking . && if only the chair you sit in were just as shocking	it 's as shocking as a child rapist who practices islam . so ... not at all .	as shocking as	the chair you sit in	a child rapist who practices islam

816	in the original script judge doom refers to dip as the final solution . those writers were not messing around . && that 's actually quite clever .	that 's about as subtle as a nuclear - powered aircraft carrier .	as subtle as	in the original script judge doom refers to dip as the final solution	a carrier

817	well , sir , there 's nothing on earth like a genuine , bona fide electrified , six - car monorail && i hear those things are awfully loud	it glides as softly as a cloud !	as softly as	a genuine , bona fide electrified , six - car monorail	a cloud

818	what if that never happens ? && idk what you are talking about . he went from a tiny twink to the muscle bound freak you see before you today .	he used to be as tiny as a postage stamp and now he 's as big as a skyscraper .	as big as	he	a postage stamp a skyscraper

819	that 's great though , i like it . let 's get that into common circulation ! && while we 're at it can we start saying zoot to mean cool	that 's as crazy as a monkey in the stock market .	as crazy as	let 's get that into common circulation	a monkey

820	pretty sure that 's how the prius generates energy brother && after seeing the ' brother ' , i went back and read this in hulk hogan 's voice . i laughed both times	fun fact : the wipers on a prius actually produce as much power as a handshake between the hulkster and macho man .	as much power as	the wipers on a prius	a handshake between the hulkster and macho man

821	they threw a straw wrapper out of the window after we stopped for fast food && to be fair , paper wrapers are n't nearly as bad as plasic . do people not know paper is biodegradable ?	to be fair , arsenic does n't kill you nearly as fast as a bus .	as fast as	arsenic	a bus

822	every axe commercial ever . " want to be an immature man child ? " && " if you 're an extremely physically attractive young male , women will be attracted to you when you use axe . "	honestly , even if you 're channing tatum , if you use axe , you 're automatically as unattractive as a 4chan user .	as unattractive as	you	a 4chan user

823	these things ruined me emotionally when i was 13 && even though i did n't come into the world until the last year of that decade , i know how these gave many kids their first experiences with deaths .	come to think of it , i think that may have been a turning point of me becoming about as emotional as a brick .	as emotional as	a turning point of me	a brick

824	monorail ! && i hear those things are awful loud	it glides as softly as a cloud .	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

825	kansas is actually flatter than a pancake . && florida * we 're the flattest state by a landslide , source .	just because florida is flatter , does n't mean kansas is n't as flat as a pancake .	as flat as	kansas	a pancake

826	that 's not to say that shooting unsuppressed .22 without ear pro is advisable though . && you have n't shot a 22 with a suppressor	.22 with a suppressor and subsonic rounds . it 's about as loud as a cough .	as loud as	22 with a suppressor and subsonic rounds	a cough

827	what sub ? && the one supporting the now president elect .	who 's as tubby as a marshmallow himself . but reactionary internet culture 's all about that sort of hypocrisy .	as tubby as	the one supporting the now president elect	a marshmallow

828	phenylephrine is completely useless when i use it . && to be fair , it 's completely useless when anyone uses it .	yeah , about as useful as a sugar pill . <url>	as useful as	phenylephrine	a sugar pill

829	happy birthday to nukes ... && we should have a celebration ! i have an idea of what we could use for fireworks ...	a star , a star , dancing in the night , with a tail as big as a kite ? ? ?	as big as	a tail	a kite

830	filthy turkish animals && not every fan base can be as classy as leeds fans .	do n't worry people from leeds have as much class as a supermutant .	as much class as	people from leeds	a supermutant

831	screw the subway , we need a monorail to pickering ! && i hear those things are awfully loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud .	as softly as	a monorail	a cloud

832	yes because our lives are just a giant game of football && nah , most professional sports players are n't sore losers .	and the results of the election are just as inconsequential as a sporting event . your troll game is weak son .	as inconsequential as	the results of the election	a sporting event

833	monorail ! && i hear those things are awfully loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

834	come hang with your brother here in carolina . we have a top 6 spot for you . && and some good barbecue to boot	not really . vinegar based bbq is gross . almost as gross as a jersey boy playing for the canes .	as gross as	vinegar based bbq	a jersey boy playing for the canes

835	so you did n't read it then , ok && the article provided no source for the title .	i take you as seriously as a clown	as seriously as	i take you	a clown

836	springfield monorail && i 've heard those things are awfully loud	it glides as softly as a cloud !	as softly as	springfield monorail	a cloud

837	cannibal the musical && the sky is blue , and all the leaves are green !	my hearts as full as a baked potato !	as full as	my hearts	a baked potato

838	not sure if frisking or blessing && very weak level blessing though . likereddituserhp blessing from starting zone quest blessing .	his animations are about as coded as a runescape npc 's	as coded as	his animations	a runescape npc 's

839	huh . in america , it 's red hats . go figure . && subtle , i like it .	that s about as subtle as a sledgehammer to the face lol	as subtle as	in america , it 's red hats . go figure	a sledgehammer to the face

840	this . why are they even a thing ? && because aesthetics are a thing .	there 's lots of ways to make the front of your house look nice without something as wasteful as a lawn .	as wasteful as	something	a lawn

841	is n't that like how loud a dishwasher is ? && good ear . here 's a list with other things in comparison also .	a dishwasher is as loud as a freight train at 15 meters ? ? ?	as loud as	a dishwasher	a train

842	because product placement && cases are products too .	you ca n't identify a case nearly as easy as a cell phone . most cases look nearly identical .	as easy as	identify a case	a cell phone

843	saw this during my german class && funny , now why do n't you make like a tree . and get outta here !	that 's as funny as a screen door on a battleship .	as funny as	why do n't you make like a tree	a tree a screen door on a battleship

844	yep . same with mars bars , not martian imports at all . && what about uranus ?	i promise it is as tasty as a mars bar . feel free to take a taste test .	as tasty as	uranus	a bar

845	i knew exactly what you meant the first time . && i m glad you agree and saw it my way .	wow , you 're as sharp as a bowling ball .	as sharp as	you	a bowling ball

846	what is the best sfw insult ? && you 're about as sharp as a marble , are n't you ?	i feel like saying you 're about as sharp as a marshmallow would hit the point even harder .	as sharp as	you	a marshmallow

847	i 've got a kid in my class right now : choady . ( cho - dee ) && is he wider than tall ?	he 's as skinny as a twig . has gorgeous hair and is already starting to get really tall .	as skinny as	choady	a twig

848	i just found this , and its even an r3 being imported <url> && what about the instrument cluster ?	speedometer on these rx8 is digital . converting to mph is as simple as a click of a button .	as simple as	converting to mph	a click of a button .

849	<url> for comparing her lovingly to a piece of meat . && it 's one of the highest compliments a man can give	" mmm , you 're as fine as a nice steak , bb " " you 're sleeping on the couch tonight . "	as fine as	you	a nice steak

850	mane and mane are the wingers in the liverpool squad . && no mane no party ?	seems to be . they look as effective as a wet towel right now .	as effective as	mane and mane	a wet towel right

851	monorail . && i hear those things are awfully loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud !	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

852	homemade lemon pansy bouquet cake with raspberry buttercream filling ! && your countertop looks like mcdonald 's floor	i have 8 month old twins , so it 's about as clean as a mcdonald 's floor lol .	as clean as	8 month old twins	a mcdonald 's floor

853	your grandpa is either an idiot or a genius . he could have just googled it . && what 's google ? - grandpa	so he is an idiot . if you do n't know about google you are as dumb as a post .	as dumb as	you	a post

854	including the president . && what if the president were also a medal of honor recipient ? would the space time continuum collapse ?	the day that america would elect someone as selfless as a medal of honor recipient will be a welcomed arrival .	as selfless as	president	a medal

855	surprise ! && i 've had a few mornings i 've felt that way passing a mirror	just be happy i am confident you are not as ugly as a pug .	as ugly as	you	a pug

856	i was ganna say soft and sweet && i guess that works too ... maybe not as fun though .	def . not as fun . as a guy who likes thicc creamy chics i can definitely say i m not as fun .	as fun . as	i	a guy

857	what is something you wish you did n't do ? && i hate pooping and peeing so i guess those ?	i love taking a nice dump at the end of a long day , makes you feel as light as a feather	as light as	you	a feather

858	haha same when did he get so hot . && mac was hot way back in season one	that pathetic little twink ? he was as tiny as a postage stamp !	as tiny as	that pathetic little twink	a postage stamp

859	our political system has way less comedy gold potential . we have n't been major league since rob ford . && elbowgate would disagree	that was a non - event , it was about as genuine as a soccer fall .	as genuine as	that	a soccer fall

860	" eggheads " ? the guy really is biff tannen . && if only he 'd make like a tree and get out of here	that 's about as funny as a screen door on a battleship .	as funny as	he 'd make like a tree and get out of here	a screen door on a battleship

861	i 'm not here to justify my opinion . especially to you . && well , you ca n't so obviously you wo n't	you make as much sense as a cat in a barrel of mice .	as much sense as	you make as much sense	a cat in a barrel of mice

862	that 's the idea . && that s deliciously cunning .	one could say about as cunning as a talking snake . ^ )	as cunning as	one	a talking snake

863	what they really need is a monorail . && i hear those things are awfully loud .	they glide as softly as a cloud !	as softly as	a monorail	a cloud

864	this is maybe the most scottish story i 've ever heard . && same here , and i spent a summer living in edinburgh .	edinburgh is as scottish as a beef wellington .	as scottish as	edinburgh	a beef wellington

865	rbr do n't have boullier though . && what do you mean ?	boullier is about as useful as a pack of cigarrettes in a marathon , that 's what he means .	as useful as	boullier	a pack of cigarrettes in a marathon 

866	what is a good leaf pun ? && make like a tree and get out of here !	that 's about as funny as a screen door on a battleship !	as funny as	make like a tree and get out of here	a screen door on a battleship

867	what 's your best " make like a and " line ? && make like a tree and get outta here .	that 's about as funny as a screen door on a battleship .	as funny as	make like a tree and get outta here	a screen door on a battleship

868	monorail ! && i hear those things are awfully loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud .	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

869	trump bankrupted 3 casinos . && yeah , he ca n't even win as the house .	he is as big as a house	as big as	trump	a house

870	how did max do ? && thanks for proving my point .	thanks for continuing to be as humorless as a shrub .	as humorless as	max	a shrub

871	you should see him in this japanese film then . <url> && this looks amazing .	watch it ! it 's as mad as a box of frogs , very funny and has a great soundtrack .	as mad as	this japanese film	a box of frogs

872	these appear to be opposuits && as seen on reddit !	and everywere . this is about as interesting as a onesie party .	as interesting as	these	a onesie party

873	do n't be sorry . just be more funny . && i 'll be exactly as funny as i feel like , thanks .	that 's great if you like being as funny as a toaster .	as funny as	you	a toaster

874	i love cold soda , so if some place like mcdonalds supplied soda cubes i 'd be stoked . && how high are u right now	man i 'm as high as a cake	as high as	 i	a cake

875	like beyond morbidly obese && not if he s 20 feet tall	nah he 's as tall as a football player . that player being valbuena of course	as tall as	he	a player

876	i hear those things are awfully loud , && i said , i hear those things are awfully loud ,	fine , i 'll do it myself . it glides as softly as a cloud !	as softly as	it	a cloud

877	unvaccinated children are just organic humans with a shorter shelf life . && so good . i have more vaccines than most because of travel . so the aliens will eat me last . thanks !	do you glow like a shiny pokemon ?	glow like	you	a shiny pokemon

878	it was n't all that long ago that hillary clinton [ conspired with others in the dnc to steal ] the nomination . && so the people who actually voted for her were played ?	if they voted for her because they thought she was ' electable ' then yes , they were played like a cheap drum .	played like	the people who actually voted for her	a drum

879	drunk vs drunkerer && never seen anyone actually perform the sidewalk slam before . i thought it was only a myth .	i saw a girl do a falling forward sidewalk slam before . she was falling forward for like 100 feet . it was like a cartoon .	was like	she was falling forward for like 100 feet	a cartoon 

880	did he somehow miss the cold war he was alive for the entirety of ? && he thought it was the cold sore war	he tried to get out of that war too , but unfortunately he ca n't resist : > i just start kissing them . it 's like a magnet . just kiss .	's like	kissing them	a magnet 

881	what hobby did you begin and spend over $ 50 only to drop later ? && kayaking . i just hated the sensation of being so low , with such little material separating me and the water .	interesting , that 's the same reason i love it . i 'm like a big pelican	'm like	i	a big pelican

882	richard was a weak man who was caught by children , and also full of rotten teeth && was n't it more of an angry mob than children ?	they literally chased him down a highway , it was like a scene from a movie	was like	they literally chased him down a highway	a scene

883	are we still calling this the colbert effect ? && what was colbert 's thing ? i remember before the 2012 elections he made a super pac was that it ? or did he do more things ?	the colbert bump was like a reddit hug or a slashdotting for us old people .	was like	the colbert bump	a reddit hug or a slashdotting

884	i edited the question but yes you sir are right . && i have a feeling that mcdavid is the best candidate for that .	i think that s underpaying for mcdavid personally . mcdavid is like a super ultra rare pokemon that comes along a few times in a generation	is like	mcdavid	a super ultra rare pokemon 

885	last season showed that they were probably already there . && apparently they got within 15 hp	it never really showed . vettel getting a tow at the exit of eau rouge , pulling up beside hamilton and then dropping like a stone proved otherwise .	dropping like	vettel	a stone

886	i 've swiped left on every guy that puts kcco at the end of his profile . that 's a douche for sure . && > kcco what is this ?	keep calm , chive on . the chive is like a moderated meme page for bros .	is like	the chive	a moderated meme page

887	do you ever see a picture of yourself and it just ruins your day ? && no i may look like a burnt chicken nugget , but i still love myself	you 're shaped like a boot ?	shaped like	you	a boot

888	it was just 11 's goku moment to go train && chicago is now the hyperbaric time chamber edit : its hyperbolic ... where did i come up with hyperbaric even anyways ?	hyperbaric chambers are like a giant oxygen tube lmao	are like	hyperbaric chambers	a giant oxygen tube

889	[ serious ] what 's the scariest thing you 've experienced that you have photo evidence of ? && taking a peek into the peephole of a burning cremation oven , not really considering what i would be seeing . <url>	this could totally be like a black metal album cover	be like	taking a peek into the peephole of a burning cremation oven , not really considering what i would be seeing	a black metal album cover

890	what am i looking at ? i know rick and morty but what 's the device ? && it 's a dugout . there are spots inside to conveniently place a one hitter and a bit of bud	ooh i 've never seen one before . it 's like a flask . but for weed . i 'm a fan .	's like	dugout	a flask 

891	almost as good as obama did 4 years ago ... almost && obama is the only president in us history that could n't sustain 3 % annual growth .	you were wrong originally and then cried like a typical trumpie .	cried like	you	a typical trumpie

892	cheese gives you gas ? you know it 's not a vegetable ? && being lactose intolerant has n't stopped many from indulging in cheese nigh hourly my friend .	i recently became lactose intolerant and i probably eat more cheese than ever . it 's like a forbidden fruit now	's like	cheese	a forbidden fruit now

893	it 's okay . you have your own young russian sniper who loves his ot goals against us . && yeah , but he 's not a fighter like bread , lol	has tarasenko had a fight ? he 's built like a tank	built like	he	a tank

894	trust ponzi && reminds me of this fantastic story : <url>	i do n't want her to get more reputation or notoriety , but that read like a movie i would be interested in watching .	read like	this fantastic story	a movie i would be interested in watching

895	the november haul twice trailed and feeling great && how does the aj1 flyknit feel ? they look good on photo but i was afraid that they would look grandma 's knit in real life	i love them , fit like a sock ..... once they 're on . they 're legit one of the most difficult shoes to put on i 've ever owned .	fit like	aj1 flyknit	a sock

896	what annoys you the most about your so ? && he 's completely rational all the time . it makes my emotional outbursts look even crazier .	ugh nothing upsets me more than when i am yelling like a crazy person and someone is calm as a cucumber	yelling like	someone	a cucumber

897	msn messenger is no longer ! 15 year old me would be so upset ! && people stopped using it in mass before 2007 . i feel the writing was on the wall by then .	the moment facebook chat was launched , msn usage dropped like a lead balloon .	dropped like	msn usage	a lead balloon

898	maybe he should tell neymar that if he does n't want to get wet , he should stay out of the pool . && a beautiful metaphor	now a simile : he is like a dolphin	is like	he	a dolphin

899	huh . this rubber chicken has a pulley in the middle . && this is the second - largest duck i 've ever had in my pants ...	how appropriate . you fight like a cow .	fight like	you	a cow 

900	neymar was the key reason why barca beat psg this year mate . && well , they 'll be fine as long as suarez keeps dying for 10 seconds in the box	one of the things i really do n't like about suarez . he 's a great striker but then he dives like a weenie .	dives like	he	a weenie 

901	why on earth would i want to spend my hard - earned money on soccer of all things ? && you could own a sports team !	but it 's a soccer team . that 's like a lifetime supply of sunny delight . it 's effectively worse than nothing .	's like	a soccer team	a lifetime supply of sunny delight

902	but that 's just a compliment . && if someone is an absolute stud , and they hit a 9 iron to 25 feet , it 's really not a great shot for them : /	oh , i think i misunderstood . you 're talking about a good player who is playing like a hack .	playing like	good player	a hack 

903	as a dude , i wish it were more acceptable to just hug people who are n't immediate family . && as a big bearded dude it seems like the world just thinks i never need a hug .	bigger guys are so fun to hug . they 're like a pillow when you hug them haha just lay your head there for a second	're like	they	a pillow

904	what do you say when people ask for one " fun fact " about you ? && i got hit by a car while dressed like a deer . edit : here 's a pic of the costume : <url>	are you sure you were n't hit by someone dressed like a car ?	dressed like	someone	a car

905	go to the winchester , have a nice cold pint , and wait for all this to blow over && shaun of the dead memes in 2017 , what a badass timeline we live in	the best memes do n't die , they mature like a fine cheese .	mature like	the best memes	a fine cheese

906	finally showing his colors ! && but she really does dress provocatively . rubbing on white paint like she does .	really . painted up like a common skunk . you dress like a skunk you ca n't be surprised when you 're treated like a skunk .	treated like	you	a skunk 

907	well he probably has seen footage fans will never see . deleted scenes that have never been released . && i hear " biggs ' theme " and " the march of tarkin 's slippers " were epic ...	i really want to hear this one . it 'd be like a scary lullaby .	be like	" biggs ' theme " and " the march of tarkin 's slippers "	a scary lullaby 

908	yeah but i bet you keep chicken wings in there instead do n't you , you absolute unit && i am a chick who bought goodwill jeans with big pockets just to fit snacks in there ...	you 're like a mother kangaroo . you could keep your kids in there too .	're like	you	a mother kangaroo 

909	what bad movie has a " diamond in the rough " ? a great scene in an otherwise not - so - great film ? && samuel l. jackson 's monologue in deep blue sea .	if you 're going to come at the masterpiece that is deep blue sea like that , your head better be like a shark fin , brother .	be like	your head	a shark fin

910	i 'm searching for an original story . i really should be more careful ! && only thing that 's an original story is my love for you , babe . happy valentine 's <3	my love for you is like a truck , berserker	is like	my love	a truck

911	wine gums && wine gums ? what are those ?	made by maynards . i 'm from canada , but living in the states i have n't been able to find them they 're like a really firm gummy .	're like	wine gums	a really firm gummy

912	what movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of ? && the shawshank redemption .	i 've never seen shawshank redemption . i know it 's supposed to be great but at this point it 's like a game of not watching it for me .	's like	the shawshank redemption	a game of not

913	please define empty carb and tell me why it 's a bad thing . && calories without any nutritional benefit ( i.e. , no valuable micronutrients )	the nutritional benefit is energy . if you 're not eating like a moron for the rest of the day , you 're fine .	eating like	you	a moron for the

914	game shark && how so ? what would be the ' game shark ' equivalence be in real life ? edit : grammar	ooh i do n't know , but if life was like a videogame , historically that 's how i score the most points , so i 'd have to figure that out .	was like	life	a videogame

915	west virginia pd feeling the green vibe on 4/20 . && lol ' 98 civic is the og trap car i get stressed ridin in my homies	how is ur civic ? mine is close to 200k miles and still runs like a champ	runs like	98 civic	a champ

916	what used to be considered trashy but now is very classy ? && the eiffel tower -- it was viewed as an ugly eyesore when it first opened in the 1880s .	i think that about it . it 's like a glorified pylon . does n't even come close to the majesty of the old gothic architecture	's like	the eiffel tower	a glorified pylon 

917	reddit , what 's your favorite movie scene ? && this scene from repo men . its my all time favorite fight scene . i love how it goes along with the music as well . <url>	man i thought it was going to be the " everyday will be like a holiday " scene with rza . that 's definitely my favorite scene from that movie .	be like	everyday	a holiday

918	what s the most popular song with a terrible message ? && shape of you , where sheeran waxes lyrical about his attraction to curvy women , with plenty of uwah - uwah - uwah on the side .	so gross and creepy and cringy . " push and pull like a magnet do " " your love was handmade for somebody like me "	pull like	push and pull	a magnet do "

919	if you were given a money printing machine , how would you use it everyday without raising suspicions ? && you can print all day every day without raising any suspicions .	yeah , you could print a ton at once and dump it in a swiss bank account . maybe split the country , cash out and live like a king .	live like	you	a king 

920	radiohead presents : an intimate evening of music for white people with anxiety && man i remember when each album they had a progression . for the last 12 years they keep releasing the same album .	they 're one of those bands that i respect , but have no need to listen to . it 's like a sad seagull crying over bleepy bloopy saddo rock .	's like	album	a sad seagull crying over bleepy bloopy saddo rock 

921	i 'm 35 and i only have to shave once a week sometimes less than <url> one knows the shame . && yeah because its so great to shave every morning .	get a better shaver , dude . a nice braun one or something is like a massage for your face .	is like	a nice braun one or something	a massage for your face

922	there are plenty of million dollar ideas . what is your hundred dollar idea ? && an automatic pool cleaner that swims around the pool , and looks like an otter . i call it the otter - matic .	so it 's like a roomba for your swimming pool ?	's like	an automatic pool cleaner that swims around the pool	a roomba

923	i mean i want to be working , but i am not going to work if ei pays more ... right i mean i think that makes sence && solution : reduce ei ?	your solution is like a healthy person getting chemo because they do n't want to pay for haircuts anymore .	is like	your solution	a healthy person getting chemo because they do n't want to pay for haircuts anymore

924	what video game would make a great movie ? && the last of us is better than 98 % of the movies i 've seen .	to be honest the game is made like a movie . the graphics are incredible . so the transition to making it a movie would n't be too difficult .	made like	game	a movie

925	when is 30 seconds too long ? && when your leg falls asleep and you have to awkwardly stand there waiting for the circulation to get back to normal .	who has time to wait for that ? i just start moaning like a zombie and walk funny until everything is back to normal .	moaning like	i	a zombie

926	once their is a school shooting at a rich private school , then they will start to care . && i honestly do n't hope this on any other kids or families , even for the sake of change .	oh i hope i was n't implying i was hoping for it because i 'm not . but the way things are going , it will eventually . it 's like a disease spreading .	's like	school shooting	a disease spreading 

927	nah hopper and joyce are going to happen . needed to die to pave the way . && steve did n't have to die to pave the way for nancy and jonathan .	and in fact , steve emerged like a phoenix from the ashes as quite possibly the most lovable character from the whole series	emerged like	steve	a phoenix

928	the witcher 3 && totally agree , so many cinematics i felt like i was watching a mediocre movie instead of playing a game .	i would n't recommend you metal gear solid 4 , or 5 . it 's like a movie where you sometimes play a game as intermission . but it 's great	's like	metal gear solid 4 , or 5	a movie

929	does nt even speak russian lmao && lol so how does he speak to teammates ? english ? i 'm not even aware if russians teach english in the curriculum	cherchesov said that he is like a " dog " . fernandes understands russian but ca n't speak .	is like	he	a dog

930	how hilarious would it be if paul ryan and the white house abandoned him . he gets taken off of the committee and mueller turns him . && that 's exactly what is about to happen .	he would sing like a canary too	sing like	he	a canary

931	by supporting diddling don , you are already for those things . congrats . && i do n't support trump , did n't even vote for him .	well you are memeing like a trumpster	memeing like	you	a trumpster

932	fair , but the sandwich is n't just mediocre . best sub i 've had is subway . && i think their bread is terrible . kills the sandwich everytime for me .	horrible bread . fresh , yes , but it tastes like a spong . i will not eat there .	tastes like	bread	a spong 

933	did u recently break any teeth ? && my teeth just suck grew up in 3rd world country , parents did n't take proper care , etc .	consider yourself lucky - i grew up in britain in the 70's/80 's . my mouth is like a decrepit graveyard full of crumbling , lopsided tombstones .	is like	my mouth	a decrepit graveyard full of crumbling , lopsided tombstones

934	good job . && oh ! a typo , you 've never made any of those so far , right ? good to see you do n't actually have anything more to say	if course i did n't , i only said one thing then you went around in circles typing like a moron .	typing like	you	a moron

935	what do you mean by ' the human condition ? ' do you mean , " i feel like dirt so i will turn everything into dirt as well ? " && humanity is selfish in nature .	trying to encompass ' humanity ' in a sentence is like a double - edged sword . one can also say : humanity is selfless in nature .	is like	humanity	a double - edged sword 

936	sonic 06 is a masterpiece like the room . if you have n't watched gamegrumps ' sonic 06 , do yourself a favor and get on that . && nerdcubed has a pretty good series on it too .	retsupurae did it too , and they 're fun . i think everyone in the lp community has to do it . it 's like a rite of passage .	's like	it	a rite of passage

937	i should mention , no disrespect meant to rue with this post . golden girls is a national treasure . && hallmark channel airs them all the time	when i hear the golden girls theme song at 10 pm on sunday , i know it 's time to go to bed . it 's like a reverse alarm clock .	's like	the golden girls theme song	a reverse alarm clock

938	did you say kim chang - cho ? ! that 's my neighbor ! && that is first secretary of the local people 's growers collective kim chang - cho , comrade !	is he fat like a wombat ?	fat like	he	a wombat

939	what is a survival skill that everyone should know ? && i believe all children should be taught how to swim in early elementary school . it is a valuable skill and it will save lives .	i 'm 28 never learned how to swim and i sink like a rock	sink like	i	a rock

940	conway is a barrow - wight . not important enough to make it to the film version . && sanders is shelob since she guards the press entrance to trump . she 's also the right shape .	that 's a bit unfair . shelob is much more gracefully curved . shs is shaped like a loaf of spam , especially in the face .	shaped like	shs	a loaf of spam

941	the cyclone one ? && ca n't remember the exact name but it was like a massive tennis ball but it said mitre and school would only let you use them indoors .	thing bounced like a tennis ball as well .	bounced like	thing	a tennis ball

942	most songs from the new arctic monkeys album && yeah man , i agree . sounds bland and souless .	one point perspective and four out of five are the best ones by far , this album is like a hard to swallow pill , it takes time to enjoy these musics	is like	this album	a hard to swallow pill

943	gamers of reddit , what game or moment in a game made you feel so badass with its gameplay ? && anything in payday feels really badass in general	omg yes , pulling off the perfect heist is like a movie	is like	pulling off the perfect heist	a movie

944	ooo really missed the target on that one , might want to find something a bit more universal . && google my comment . maybe you 'll learn something . although something tells me you do n't care .	a good insult is like a good joke , it should n't require explaining .	is like	a good insult	a good joke

945	hey this guy does n't know any food insecure students , must not be a problem . && you do n't read well , do you ?	why are you acting like a pretentious tool to basically everyone in this thread ? does it feel good ?	acting like	you	a pretentious tool

946	got ta keep congress red or daddy goes to jail with me ! && donnie 2 thinks donnie 1 will protect him . he 's mistaken .	when mueller pins him down junior will flip like a south florida condo in 2005 .	flip like	junior	a south florida condo in 2005

947	what 's a " let that sink in " fun fact ? && if you have clean water and temperature control you are better off than half the population	by rimworld standards i live like a king and expect to be raided anytime now !	live like	i	a king

948	you got ta admit , that s funny . && i dunno man , that movies like 3 hours long and they use his name a lot .	especially every time the crowd is chanting his name , the gf next to him would be neighing like a horse .	neighing like	the gf	a horse

949	anything to get rid of toby maguire . && i liked toby mcguire 's performance .	he stands there grinning like a creep , occasionally boring me with his monotone voice , just like every other film he 's in .	grinning like	he	a creep

950	there are no books that anyone or everyone must read . && you misunderstand . <url> is a fundamentalist religion .	no wonder so many threads here are like a pair of jehovah 's witnesses knocking on my front door at 8 am on a saturday morning .	are like	threads	a pair of jehovah 's witnesses

951	what hurts more than it should ? && paper cut . it 's such a tiny slice but it feels like your finger got chopped by a guillotine covered in tabasco .	aluminum foil cuts are like a paper cut on your soul . but on your finger .	are like	aluminum foil cuts	a paper cut on your soul

952	i 'm guessing that 's lebron when he was in miami ? && yes . i 'll give a hint . he " loves the kids . " note : not in a pervy way .	ha i had to google it but i got it . not sure why i found this so entertaining it was like a treasure hunt . wo n't post the name just in case .	was like	this	a treasure hunt 

953	your face looks really good from far away && ' ' your face is like a star . you only look good from a distance . ''	" your face is like a star . it burns my eyes . "	is like	your face	a star

954	a male and a female ... i 'm not sure a ai can be considered male or female . && then you are more like nathan than caleb .	true , but i think anthropomorphising an ai and expecting it to act like a human would leave yourself vulnerable to making really big mistakes .	act like	ai	a human

955	today i learned predatory dinosaurs such as the mighty tyrannosaurus rex could swim && not safe anywhere . i ca n't wait to see this in the next jurassic park	there was a scene in the lost world where the trex chases them down the river in the book . said it swam like a crocodile .	swam like	the trex	a crocodile 

956	what is your favorite futurama quote ? && if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes should fall like a house of cards . checkmate .	she 's built like a steakhouse , but she handles like a bistro .	handles like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

957	if we use the right kind of crystals we can align our chakras and jump higher at the same time . && i wo n't buy them unless they are endorsed by a celebrity . famous but not too famous .	you need a runner too . like oj simpson . " when i 'm running , its in these new graphene broncos . they fit like a glove ! "	fit like	new graphene broncos	a glove 

958	what movie quote is so recognizable , simply saying it is enough to identify what movie it 's from ? && " life is like a box of chocolates , you never know whatcha gon na get . "	actually the quote is " my mom always said life was like a box of chocolates . you never know what you 're gon na get . " got to love the mandela effect .	was like	life	a box of chocolates 

959	could be , or could just be a public safety thing . idk about charlottesville but one idiot with a cigarette can burn down socal . && and one idiot with a firework did burn down the northwest last month .	yea i was n't exaggerating . we 're like a tinderbox right now .	're like	we	a tinderbox

960	leave it for calgary . i want battle of alberta . && i do n't think oilers fans could handle the flames chirps after they help with your 1st round exit	haha flames chirps are like a bird that squaks " salt ! salt ! salt ! " over and over again . sweeping the flames twice would be the greatest	are like	flames chirps	a bird

961	or over weight them so it bends the bolts that hold the wheels on and it pulls to the side && i always figure this was due to them constantly being run into stuff like curbs	i was working in a walmart when they changed out the wheels on the most broken carts and for like 3 weeks any cart i picked rolled like a dream	rolled like	cart	a dream

962	good game la and awesome job quick . that was beyond impressive . see you all in game three . edit : i 'm very tired . && game three , son .	this series is like a heavyweight boxing match , trading massive blows . round 3 sunday ding ding ding	is like	this series	a heavyweight boxing match

963	the creators of that documentary said on twitter that another perverted shoe is going to drop in hollywood tomorrow . apparently it 's a big name star . && please not tom hanks	pervert reveals are like a box of chocolates . you never know what you 're gon na get .	are like	pervert reveals	a box of chocolates

964	when i hear " anne perkins " i think of rob lowe , not rashida jones . && and thinking of rob lowe reminds me to stop . pooping .	my body is like a microchip	is like	my body	a microchip

965	solar energy is just nuclear energy at a safe distance && no . it 's not . nuclear energy is generated by fusing or breaking the bonds inside atoms . solar energy is collecting the energy from sun beams .	the sun boils a fluid in the solar panel , which acts like a steam boiler . that 's how i was learnt anyway	acts like	the solar panel	a steam boiler

966	i clawed my way out like a wet cat , then i was laughed at by my girlfriend . lesson learned && seems like a great story to laugh about in hindsight	if you can picture a slow motion backwards fall with my arms swinging like a lunatic . pretty funny . granville gorge in ma is a fun place , just steep	swinging like	my arms	a lunatic

967	what 's an " unusual " name that you would name your child ? && i think sterling is awesome .	scott sterling ! the man , the myth , the legend ! his face is like a brick wall that can feel pain and cries a lot !	is like	his face	a brick wall

968	is this a gofundme pitch ? && lol <url> click the <url> leads back to thw original post . he was arguing with another person . but i think you will enjoy this comic ! just listen	man that was like a bottomless pit lol	was like	this comic	a bottomless pit

969	tanj= there ai n't no justice fictional curse word from larry niven 's " known space " universe && i wish the books after ringworld were just a little bit more interesting .	<url> all interesting . niven came up with a great world and then just let it collapse like a soufle in a jackhammer testing facility .	collapse like	a great world	a soufle in a jackhammer testing facility

970	i once got both of my boots on in under an hour . && and i barely even complained about them !	let 's be real though , there 's nothing like the point when you have your first pair of boots that fit like a glove .	fit like	your first pair of boots	a glove

971	bryan cranston seems like one of the coolest guys in hollywood . && bryan cranston and tom hanks in a movie , thee plot does n't matter just having those two it will be a blockbuster	life is like a bag of meth , you never know scratches face until it bleeds * *	is like	life	a bag of meth

972	who in the senate is most inclined be anti trump , besides graham and mccain ? && collins , sasse ( especially sasse , he was / is a never trumper ) , burr to a degree , murkowski .	murkowski seems to be a ball of seething rage these days . she 's like a bomb waiting to go off .	's like	she	a bomb waiting to go off 

973	pretending to be an expert on something you sorta understand is a big guy skill imo && it 's called pseudophsycoendosis . it was first studied by freud .	i still do n't think it 's as effective as pavlov 's salivation technique . that is like a psychological nuke .	is like	pseudophsycoendosis	a psychological nuke 

974	even the lowest level it guy should know that you can monitor that stuff without lights lol && c - level is the company bosses though . ceo , cfo , cio , ect .	that makes sense . i was thinking c - level is like a third stringer .	is like	c - level	a third stringer 

975	no , do n't do that , if you 're in the league of nations you 're not supposed to take over the world && man , i 'm still waiting for another video from that guy	dude had this insanely viral and enjoyable style . decided to never use it again . everything else is like a sub one minute meme or inside joke	is like	everything else	a sub one minute meme or inside joke

976	that 's his name ? lol now i will have to check him out . && yes , he used to go by just satan , but the t was a cross . i 'd recommend hybrid message by him .	i do n't know why i thought " the satan " would be like a heavy metal dude . so he 's more like edm / dubstep , right ?	be like	the satan	a heavy metal dude

977	did n't dumbledore regularly wear spectacles && yes , but did n't he have some kind of muggle festish ? or am i making this up ? i probably am .	he was recently interested by them , but no , not really . no where near as much as arthur weasley , and he still did n't go around living like a muggle .	living like	he	a muggle 

978	excuse me , wrinkles needs assistance . && i just put my dog down . she was a dachshund so she loved to burrow . i miss her .	dachshunds are like a shovel and a missile had a baby that was raised by a tunnel boring machine	are like	dachshunds	a shovel

979	what is an absolute red flag for you when it comes to dating someone ? && living with their parents	so a relationship ai n't worth entering to you if you do n't get a house out of it ? spoken like a true parasyte .	spoken like	you	a true parasyte 

980	chefs of reddit , what 's a food combination that " should n't work " works ? && my brother puts sharp cheddar on his apple pie	apple pie without the cheese is like a hug without the squeeze	is like	apple pie without the cheese	a hug without the squeeze

981	i wish my cell phone battery lasted 12 hours . && try turning off your data when you 're not using it . i get a lot more battery since i started doing that .	i do n't have data and it still drains like a carp .	drains like	cell phone	a carp

982	go back to t_d you useless mutt . && all you 've got is character assassinations . in the real world people disagree and do n't call each other names , pal .	but you 're acting like a useless mutt . it 's not name calling when that 's the actual behavior you exhibit .	acting like	you	a mutt

983	and the europa league && and last year 's home defeat vs porto . we played so much better that game that even porto supporters addmited they got lucky	casillas was like a forcefield , <url>	was like	casillas	a forcefield

984	just say horse because you need a stable job . && " sorry we are looking for a bear type of person as with our payment scheme you 'll only be able to buy the bear necessities "	" sorry , we are looking for someone who is loyal and will work like a dog . "	work like	someone	a dog

985	ignore 3/4 of what happens in the world on a daily basis . && they say life is 10 % what happens irl and 90 % how you actually react to it .	life is like a deck of cards . 10 % is the cards you 're dealt , and 90 % how you choose to play them .	is like	life	a deck of cards

986	we are progressing , none said anything about the direction && it 's more like a recession then	thing is we do progress positively in some other areas . but in a way , yeah , we are walking like a crab without a leg	walking like	we	a crab without a leg

987	the twilight zone . rod serling was a genius . && one of the greatest storytellers of all time	it 's amazing that he wrote almost 2/3rds of the episodes , since there are so many diverse ideas . he 's was like a real life ( talented ) killgore trout .	was like	he	a killgore trout

988	i have been drinking a bit tonight edit : bonus . here 's my dog , remy . <url> && my one question is : how loud do they creak ?	loud enough . they creak like a house that is either haunted or full of obese people walking on old hardwood floors .	creak like	they	a house that is either haunted or full of obese people walking on old hardwood floors

989	we still have moon landing deniers too . && we still have people that believe the earth is flat .	or shaped like a hollowed out coconut so you can sail over the edge and inside the center and whatnot . i used to work with one of those .	shaped like	the earth	a coconut

990	if you could erase your memory of one game and replay it again , what game would it be ? && maybe i 'm dating myself here , but the secret of monkey island .	everybody should experience that game , if only so they do n't end up fighting like a cow .	fighting like	they	a cow

991	it 's surprising stores do n't rebel against apple then and start heavily pushing their competition . && i 'm surprised best buy is even in business .	best buy is awesome . it 's like a giant showroom where i can physically check out and play with stuff before i buy it on amazon .	's like	best buy	a giant showroom

992	super metroid && i would pay so much money for a new 2d metroid title . one with a potential to sink 60 hours into ... my god .	same here . a 2.5d metroid in the style of new super mario bros would be like a dream come true for me .	be like	a 2.5d metroid in the style of new super mario bros	a dream come true

993	i mean they actually built bb-8 , it was an actual working prop . && i feel kind of sorry for the midget inside . he probably got pretty dizzy .	no , it was like a hamster wheel . he just had to be careful too not stop to abruptly otherwise he was fine .	was like	bb-8	a hamster wheel

994	just a domino , hopefully && you 've got ta flip one domino to get the rest to fall . or something like that . pretend i said something cool .	" if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate . " - zapp brannigan	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

995	to each his own , bb had a lot more action and suspense than bcs but i definitely like bcs a lot too . && oh , i agree . i 'm just really sucked into the bcs story .	that vince gilligan is like a vacuum i tell ya .	is like	vince gilligan	a vacuum

996	and with this being confirmed today ... && the noose is tightening around trump and his cronies . prepare for all of america to celebrate , soon they 'll be lead out in handcuffs .	they wo n't go quietly . i expect they will need to removed like a cancer .	removed like	trump and his cronies	a cancer 

997	so you must have at least two annoying accents . shame && i was raised speaking spanish . my norwegian is shaky though .	norwegish ? that accent must be like a cat in a blender . that would be like a german - swahili . no offense .	be like	that accent	a cat in a blender

998	oh , this angle is just perfect . && watch the 24 second mark of this <url>	maybe he was touched but the fall was clearly a dive . no one falls like a bird with open wings . the dive is clear . the penalty less clear .	falls like	no one	a bird with open wings

999	yeah , trump 's crimes have been so brazen that people ca n't understand they watched the president admit to obstruction of justice on live tv . && he said it to himself and the whole world !	god , he talks like a varsity jock from the 1950s . so i go to the malt shop , and i says to mabel i says ...	talks like	trump	a varsity jock from the 1950s

1000	then do n't ask && notice the lack of question mark , which indicated general disinterest .	then do n't make a comment in the first place . i gave you a genuine answer and you could only come up with two more responses to act like a tool .	act like	you	a tool 

1001	redditors who are against net neutrality , why ? && with enemies you know where they stand . but neutrals , who knows ? it sickens me .	if we hit that bull 's eye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate !	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

1002	if you had to switch bodys with someone what would you need to warn them about before you handed them the keys ? && sorry it 's so damp all the time .	my back is like a dolphin 's	is like	my back	a dolphin

1003	clinton who ? i 'm talking about our current political climate and you 're bringing up ghosts .. && hillary clinton is n't part of our current political climate ? <url>	you 're like a broken record . is she president elect ?	're like	you	a broken record

1004	ave you tried a sulfur mask ? && no , if you have do you mind giving me a debrief on how its worked for you ?	i still struggle . but sulfur is like a chemical sponge . it will suck up excess oil . just be sure to keep moisturizers .	is like	sulfur	a chemical sponge 

1005	by that reasoning could n't he have just gone with ' i 'm rubber , you 're glue , whatever you say bounces off me and sticks to you ' ? && i know you are but what am i ?	how appropriate , you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

1006	holy word salad . wtf are you talking about ? && why do you think anyone would bother to answer a question phrased like that ?	come on , man . you 're raving like a lunatic on here and everybody is noticing . take a break . you seem unaware of your condition .	raving like	you	a lunatic

1007	a 100 % sober weekend surrounded by muslims while your boss praises islam . surely a trying time for steve bannon . && he is doing the 7485 d chess dance that the orange meance has taught its followers	" if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate . "	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards 

1008	i figured this was obvious but i meant time efficient . && i thought you might . but being unsafe while speeding can lead to trafic jams and car crashes , so that might affect time efficiency	so it 's about " if you drive like a moron while doing this " ? because that applies to anyone regardless of speed .	drive like	you	a moron

1009	flat earthers never talk about what 's on the ' flip ' side of the planet . && do they also think other planets are flat ?	i think they think the sky is like a giant planetarium or some such nonsense .	is like	the sky	a giant planetarium

1010	" the guys at the office had a bet about whether you 'd be here . : : shrugs : : looks like i lost . " && ya jackass !	why do n't you make like a tree , and get outta here .	make like	you	a tree

1011	i absolutely can not wait to wear these bad boys ! && how do these fit ? they 're one of my favourite pairs of the 10 and so underrated	tts , they fit like a gem !	fit like	they	a gem

1012	and yet they still lost the game . my poor bracket . && this is the one year i really wish i had a future sports almanac for . so many bust brackets everywhere .	why do n't you make like a tree and get outta here .	make like	you	a tree

1013	what completely unnecessary things do you see people do ? && too much stress and anxiety without enough relaxation and exercise .	my grandad used to say that worrying was like a rocking chair , it occupies you for a while but does n't get you anywhere .	was like	worrying	a rocking chair

1014	the cats and the cradle && also by harry chapin : taxi and wold are good ballads . edit : i ca n't spell	" mr. tanner " and " better place to be " will rip out your heart and stomp on it til you bawl like a schoolgirl with a skinned knee .	bawl like	you	a schoolgirl with a skinned knee 

1015	family video + marcos pizza && alliance ?	there 's like 4 of them that i know of in the area that have a marcos attached . the alliance one is like a walk in clinic now	is like	the alliance one	a walk in clinic

1016	life is like a box of chocolates . that 's what it 'd 've sounded like . && no it would n't have that line is never said in the movie	he said life was like a box of chocolates , which is close enough that you 're splitting hairs about it .	was like	life	a box of chocolates

1017	look ! a three headed monkey ! && it 's " look behind you " . how appropriate , you fight like a cow .	well , it 's " you fight like a dairy farmer " and " how appropriate , you fight like a cow . " and once , it actually was a three headed monkey .	fight like	you	a cow

1018	setting a song i liked as my alarm clock ringtone . && i have an air raid siren as my alarm . it starts out annoying , so you do n't ruin anything !	i had that for a bit . it was like a heart attack	was like	an air raid siren	a heart attack

1019	house of cards will evolve into an escapist fantasy of what american politics could be like in an ideal world . && i do miss the west wing ...	my wife and i have been watching a lot of ww lately . it 's like a warm blanket on a cold evening .	's like	the west wing	a warm blanket on a cold evening

1020	comments post - elections are so different && one side is emboldened , the other dejected . it 'll be awhile before we truly see the new normal here .	salt stocks must be tanking , because every liberal seems to be enraged and pouting like a 5-year - old .	pouting like	every liberal	a 5-year - old

1021	i get slightly annoyed at everything customers at my work say . i should find a different job . && i used to work with screaming bratty children . for 8 years . just quit on friday .	i hate the noise children make . it 's like a rake on a chalkboard to me .	's like	the noise children make	a rake on a chalkboard

1022	why , what did she do ? && lives a cushy life by showing up at places as a queen ... i 'm ignorant to what or why this , or the prince even , really matter .	hardly cushy . she works like a dog , into her 10th decade .	works like	she	a dog 

1023	remember agent kameni ? && context ?	kameni is a cameroonian keeper who used to play on malaga and whenever they played barca or madrid he used to play like a literal god	play like	kameni	a god

1024	malarchuk and zednik are the 2 worst plays in nhl history && i dunno , bill masterton has to be number 1	> " his eyes were gray at the time -- it was like a horror picture , " boudrias says . " i knew he was done . "	was like	his eyes	a horror picture

1025	reading hitchhiker 's guide for the first time . crazy . && yeah it 's one of my faves too . you should listen to the radio series . also , go play monkey island .	you fight like a dairy farmer ! how appropriate - you fight like a cow . classic threepwood .	fight like	you	a cow 

1026	what is usual in europe , but unusual in america ? && bathroom stalls that are little rooms with solid doors and not terrible cubicles with gaps at the door .	finland blew me away . it 's like a tiny fort knox .	's like	bathroom stalls	a tiny fort knox

1027	just moderate rebels moderately torturing people and throwing them into some moderately sized mass graves . && i bet the un is shaking its finger at a moderately intense pace right now	why do people keep acting like the un matters ? they 're like a bad meme way past their expiration date .	're like	people keep acting like the un matters	a bad meme way

1028	yeah where ya from , one of those mid western towns with the big red barns and underground shelters ? && lol . yeah , no red barns around here though . most backyards have underground shelters though	cool . heard it is like a train going through town ... i have survived an earthquake	is like	underground shelters	a train going through

1029	the russian narrative has imploded , and the seth rich story was getting out of hand so they are trying this as damage control . && it has ? since when . news to the rest of us .	this sub is like a reality distortion field .	is like	this sub	a reality distortion field 

1030	sounds like the republican party . && same thing . pack of people completely blinded by religion and greed .	yep and not surprising the 2 regime 's hate each other . so similar and it 's like a dog growling at itself in the mirror .	's like	the 2 regime 's hate each other	a dog growling at itself in the mirror

1031	devon alexander lands an uppercut that literally sends juan urango into the air && how does a boxers jaw even take a punch like that and not shatter ?	probably because even 8 oz gloves are somewhat soft + he is built like a tank . brain definitely bounced off the top of his skull though . lights out .	built like	he	a tank 

1032	we did blow a 3 goal lead a couple weeks ago ..... do n't leave the arena just yet . && i mean , that was against chicago , so ...	it does seem like every time we play the hawks the game is like a fairy tale ending story for them ..... or is it just me ?	is like	the game	a fairy tale ending story

1033	why do people shrink as they age ? && there 's also some spinal compression as you age . the discs between your vertebrae compress from gravity over time .	if you sleep like a bat you can prevent that .	sleep like	you	a bat

1034	if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck ... && i can walk and quack like a duck . am i a duck ?	if you were walking around like a duck and were quacking like a duck , would you be offended if people call you the duck person ?	quacking like	you	a duck

1035	so again , work on your discipline . && how do i do that ?	you get up and get moving . every day without fail . keep working at it day by day . it 's like a muscle . the more you do it , the easier it will be .	's like	keep working at it day by day	a muscle 

1036	which jobs should never participate in ' bring your kid to work day ' ? && crime scene cleanup . " jimmy , put the man 's spine back down , we have to bag it . "	" but i wanna play with it ! it 's like a snake made of bones ! "	's like	the man 's spine	a snake made of bones

1037	can confirm source : father of a fearless toddler . && time to let him play in traffic to teach him a lesson about being fearless .	her . she stays out of the road . she climbs like a freaking monkey though .	climbs like	she	a freaking monkey

1038	ex - cons of reddit : what was the hardest prison - habit to break after being released ? && not chiselling away at my wall with my rock hammer anymore .	did you still up and vanish like a fart in the wind ?	vanish like	you	a fart in the wind 

1039	you are condemned to live in a television show forever as the character of your choice . what show , and which character do you choose and why ? && scrooge mc duck	life is like a hurricane ...	is like	life	a hurricane

1040	if he actually turns out to be a security risk , i am sure someone from a three lettered government agency will pop him . && heart attack	does n't even have to be overt , he already eats like a pig and refuses to exercise	eats like	he	a pig

1041	what are some foods you thought you hated but turned out your parents sucked at cooking them ? && mushrooms . did n't know they 're not supposed to be black slugs .	i 'm curious how do you cook a mushroom to be like a slug ?	be like	mushroom	a slug

1042	well , why spoil the fun ? let 's keep it a mystery . && i do n't want to bite a dude though . the fun is not there for me .	what if said dude moaned like a girl ? you could just pretend .	moaned like	dude	a girl

1043	excuse me , wrinkles needs assistance . && how do you get a dog to not take up all the space ? mine wants whatever spot i 'm in .	mine just lays between my legs . i usually end up sleeping like a starfish on it 's back .	sleeping like	i	a starfish on it

1044	i do n't get this one && his dad owned a motorcycle without letting the kids mom know	thanks my dude . and here 's your love poem . love is like a river , a never ending stream . love is shared by each other , to answer someone 's dream .	is like	love	a river 

1045	when 's it gon na get me ? in my sleep , seven feet ahead of me ? && if i see it coming do i run or let it be	he said like a beat , without a melody .	said like	he	a beat

1046	what food is surprisingly healthy despite a bad reputation ? && bacon . i have no facts or evidence to support this , but i just know it in my heart . my ever struggling heart .	bacon is good for mental health . it 's like a food hug	's like	bacon	a food hug

1047	sadly they already hired the clown . && you squeezed them , you hammered them to the point of desperation . and in their desperation , they turned to a man they did n't fully understand .	" i 'm like a dog , chasing presidencies , i would n't even know what to do if i got one ... "	'm like	i	a dog

1048	toyota avalon . still has that old people stigma attached to it . plus people are leaning towards the camry instead . && saw the new avalon on the street , that car sure has presence .	because it ate another car after its grill unhinged like a snake ?	unhinged like	its grill	a snake

1049	bread , yes ? it expands in their stomachs and because they ca n't digest it they 're rumoured to have their stomachs pop because of it . very deadly . && like with dogs and chocolate	something like that . except with dogs and chocolate the chocolate is actually just poisonous to the dog . it 'd be like a human drinking coolant .	be like	the chocolate is actually just poisonous to the dog	a human drinking coolant

1050	bugs with ashley judd . && wow , really ? that movie disgusts me but i do n't think the execution was bad . it stuck with me for a long time , in fact .	it was like a trainwreck . my wife and i had to see it through to the end . we could n't look away .	was like	that movie	a trainwreck

1051	the guy who owns ( company you work at ) is stealing the value you create while likely returning nothing . && i 'd like to see you run a company .	i too would like to be lucky enough to live like a blood sucking parasite off of thousands of workers laboring millions of manhours . i 'd be rich !	live like	i	a blood sucking parasite

1052	what is a 10/10 food combination that most people would not otherwise try together ? && apple pie with a slice of melted cheddar on top .	my dad used to say , " apple pie without the cheese is like a hug without the squeeze . "	is like	apple pie without the cheese	a hug without the squeeze

1053	ooh what will they call his movie ? fox of fifth ave ? villain of the village ? && the duck of d.c. in the end , he 's gon na quack .	yup . once the charges are leveled and it 's clear he 's not getting out of this one , he 'll sing like a canary in a coal mine	sing like	he	a canary

1054	what did your parents almost name you ? && benjamin if i was a boy ; they were between a french version of my name ( mareux ) , the english version , & daisy if i was a girl .	trying to figure out your gender and name based on what you posted is like a logic puzzle .	is like	trying to figure out your gender and name based on what you posted	a logic puzzle

1055	wait wait wait , seriously ? there was a drug sold by cartoon network ? that sounds pretty hard to believe . && it was a little round water beed toy .	so how did it have date rape effects ? i do n't see how a water bead could act like a drug .	act like	water bead	a drug 

1056	i love your choice of pasta ! && i 've never used it before and really enjoyed how well it held the cheese sauce .	campanelle and oriechette are my go - tos for m&c . when you bite into them it 's like a cheese bomb in your mouth .	's like	when you bite into them	a cheese bomb in

1057	what do you not like about your name ? && my name is often mistaken for either a girl 's name , or elijah ( which happens to be my brother 's name ) .	this whole thread is like a riddle . come on everyone let 's guess names !	is like	this whole thread	a riddle

1058	one of my posts got 8000 karma , so i guess it 's all downhill from here && what was the post about ?	i asked if it was possible to glide like a flying squirrel is you had enough loose skin , sadly the answer was no <url>	glide like	it	a squirrel

1059	when my wife accomplishes something that 's not on her list , she writes it on her list , then crosses it off . && sounds like she just needs her accomplishment fix	oh how i love this fix ! it 's like a hug from myself .	's like	this fix	a hug from myself

1060	if you wear those ankle or wrist weights you 'll end up compensating . better off getting a weighted vest and going for a timed walk then take it off && what do you mean by compensate ?	you ll end up subconsciously walking like a gimp you conserve energy .	walking like	you	a gimp

1061	trumpet logic . hillary is a big liar , so anyone running against her is better , even if they lie much more than she does . && good thing i 'm not a trumpet	if it votes like a duck ...	votes like	trumpet logic	a duck

1062	what do you happily pay a premium / extra for ? && good shoes and mattresses , the majority of our time is spent being in one or the other	adidas cloudfoam . it 's like a mattress for your feet .	's like	adidas cloudfoam	a mattress

1063	never in my life i expected to witness this country fall so much in such short period of time . && it really does feel like the last couple years happened over night .	exactly . but you know , it 's like a volcano that builds up pressure over years and one day explodes .	's like	the last couple years happened over night	a volcano that builds up pressure over years and one day explodes

1064	not funny because it 's true . that traitor president will sell out usa to make a buck . && you 're like a parrot . you 're just squawking what you saw in the news .	you 're like a parrot . you 're just squawking what you saw in the opposing side 's news .	're like	you	a parrot

1065	how do men act or talk differently when women are not around ? && everyone acts differently when watched . even electrons behave differently if you put an observer beside the slits .	is this a movie quote or do you always speak like a fortune cookie ?	speak like	you	a cookie

1066	did you get the tour black club faced one or the normal ? && normal one as far as i know .	ok just curious , the face of the club would be like a black slate if it was tour or just silver if it 's normal .	be like	the face of the club	a black slate

1067	caught this while watching an old simpsons episode && another one of my favourites lenny : everyone makes mistakes , that 's why they put erasers on pencils	one of my favourites by homer . " marriage is like a coffin and each kid is another nail . "	is like	marriage	a coffin

1068	forest gump says life is like a box of chocolates . what if like were like a bowl of weed ? [ 4 ] && he explained why , what 's your explanation	i wanted to know peoples answers . maybe i worded my title incorrectly . as in if you start with life is like a bowl of weed , how would you finish it ?	is like	life	a bowl of weed

1069	to be fair , he is missing a few screws . && recruit ! a - ten - shun ! why are there screws missing from my recruits ? ! !	yes sir ! cause you as a drill sargent have yet to drill it into our heads yet sir , we 're like a sinking ship without your leadership , sir !	're like	we	a sinking ship

1070	they cut like a wedge out of the bread rather than cutting it like a hotdog bun . && so was it cut like a v out of the full loaf ?	yeah made it kinda like a boat of deliciousness .	kinda like	it cut like a v out of the full loaf	a boat

1071	i have plenty of beer . i am prepared . && i do n't drink ! haha i 'd rather keep my liver in good condition .	a liver is like a muscle . if you do n't use it , it is weak .	is like	liver	a muscle

1072	the root is a racist , anti - cop hate site . && you mean you do nt agree from your warped little right wing bubble ?	if it walks like a duck .	walks like	it	a duck

1073	sound guy gets destroyed by the team entering the stadium ( vikings ) && you 'd think the sound guy would have heard them coming . ba dum chh	ha . i get it . because football players are like a stampeding herd . clever . edit : note to self . do n't play stupid without the /s	are like	football players	a stampeding herd 

1074	the sun ( uk tabloid ) accuses snowflakes of misunderstanding ' frankenstein ' while misunderstanding it itself && i like this response on the article : > somebody who read the book .	i love it when brits rip people up like this , this is like a david mitchell rant	is like	when brits rip people up like this	a david mitchell rant

1075	how are you supposed to breathe ? && the same way you have your entire life . in and out through your nose and mouth using your lungs . it 's not magical . do not over complicate things .	okay but actually birds breath differently and i 'm thinking that maybe i should be breathing like a bird	breathing like	i	a bird

1076	homemade cured salmon && two things i love . 1 ) the cured salmon . 2 ) the miyabi knife . i have the same and i absolutely love it !	i have a victorinox as my work horse . it 's like a tractor . the miyabi is a ferrari compared to it . great for thin and precision cuts .	's like	victorinox	a tractor 

1077	" 21 ! ! blackjack ! ! " wife starts dinging wildly and children fall out && wtf , is it blackjack or a slot machine ? your casino confusion is ruining my day .	i 'm glad you asked . you see , i have a plan . if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes should fall like a house of cards . checkmate .	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

1078	i bet you 2 years from now noone 's gon na remember twenty one pilots . one hit wonder band imo . && one hit wonder that has had several hit songs ?	they 're like a jigglypuff " double"slap that hits you 5 times	're like	one hit wonder	a jigglypuff " double"slap

1079	i 'm laughing out loud in a bathroom stall . thanks && i started choking on my lunch , my coworker had to give me the heinrich maneuver	the joke was like a hitler on the gut .	was like	the joke	a hitler on the gut

1080	both fully fit and magically the same age - who would win in a fight out of lukaku and kompany && i do n't think anyone on this planet can hack a kompany headbutt	not even zidane ? i imagine they 'd spar like a pair of rutting triceratops .	spar like	they	a pair of rutting triceratops

1081	is masturbation a hobby then ? && the idea of calling anything sexual a hobby is strange .	but why ? it 's something you do in your spare time , and you procure enjoyment from it . also i am laughing like a maniac right now	laughing like	i	a maniac right now

1082	now that " inferno " has bombed , we must remember to contain ourselves and not make fun of renowned author dan brown && oh man this is good .	and there 's a sequel with lines like : and > his imagination was racing like a racecar made of brains .	racing like	his imagination	a racecar

1083	road and transportation ... things that benefit everyone should be paid by tax . individualized service should be paid by the user . && so if i do n't drive can i not pay taxes for transportation and roads ?	do you buy grocery ? that are transported by truck using high way ? roads are like a catalyst making society more efficient ..	are like	roads	a catalyst

1084	hitting corners .. && dude gnarly pipe ! good post for <url>	i love the grav handy pipes . borrowing my mom 's a day it is like a chimney box . i miss my gear .	is like	borrowing my mom 's a day	a chimney box 

1085	agreed . i love the guy so much , i think my wife might be jealous of him . && he 's a bit of a chameleon . he has managed to navigate a myriad of roles extremely well .	" i 'm like a chameleon , always a lizard ! " - tracy morgan	'm like	i	a chameleon

1086	that shrimps can see way more colors then people ... i do n't like that there 's colors i wo n't be able to see && now try to imagine what that color would look like	orange - ish purple and it tastes like a piano sounds	tastes like	orange - ish purple	a piano

1087	calm down , man , you 're getting awfully upset about this . take a breath and relax . it 's just reddit . no need to get triggered . && lmao triggered	i love this . you 're like a little trick monkey . i say " triggered " and you keep coming back . come on monkey , do it again . " triggered "	're like	you	a little trick monkey

1088	8 minute scene , and it 's better than the entirety of the twilight franchise . && it 's also better than the rest of up .	to be fair , when he pins on the grape soda badge , even if you see it coming , it hits like a ton of bricks again .	hits like	8 minute scene	a ton of bricks 

1089	what 's the most hilarious name for a pet you 've ever heard ? && my dad had a pet goat named sparkplug . also a one - legged hawk named zeus	did he fall like a lightning bolt ?	fall like	he	a bolt

1090	do n't make the mistake of thinking that , for better or worse , things are always going to like be they are right now . && this too shall pass	it might pass like a kidney stone , but it 'll pass	pass like	it	a kidney stone

1091	word . i went with llumar ctx . one of the better films out there , and it definitely helps keep my car cool . && nice . i could really use it today haha	yea i would bake like a potato in traffic before i got my car tinted	bake like	i	a potato

1092	are fat people more likely to survive gunshots ? && but fat people ca nt run as fast as skinny people , so you re less likely to dodge a bullet	as a larger person i 'd like to think i run like a gazelle . i 'm mobile and agile . zigging and zagging . followed by huffing and puffing ...	run like	i	a gazelle

1093	pretty sweet && where u pick em up from ? online was impossible for me	i 'm so salty about this . adidas has to go with another way of doing this cause buying these shoes online was like a game	was like	buying these shoes online	a game

1094	whenever ops mom is available . she 's like a 24 hour walmart . && if you 're going to drop an over used joke and least make it clever .	whenever ops mom is available . she 's like a 24 hour super k - mart .	's like	ops mom	a 24 hour super

1095	do you live in spain , plastic ? 3 winners in 4 years . && no , why does that matter ? yes , there has been 3 winners in 4 years in spain ?	hahaha i knew it . you speak like a plastic .	speak like	you	a plastic 

1096	who were some of the worst ? && tracy morgan is exactly like the characters he plays . exactly .	why i 'm not shocked . although i would be shocked if he behaved like a pig after his life altering accident	behaved like	he	a pig

1097	i like eating the whole kiwi fruit . && even the hard little nub at the ends ?	that 's what i 'm wondering . eating the skin is fine , but the end is like a thumb tack .	is like	the hard little nub at the ends	a thumb tack

1098	everything 's bigger in texas , excluding europe . && it 's actually " everyone is bigger in texas "	so texas is like a camera , it adds 10 lbs ?	is like	texas	a camera

1099	no doubt , they 'll have drag him out && he will superglue his pants to the desk	if i know donny , those'll be trump pants and the one seam will split like a tissue .	split like	one seam	a tissue

1100	sonic still has this and chick fil a && and canes	canes has me rolling up there when they open just for the canes sauce , shivering like a junkie .	shivering like	me	a junkie

1101	we have octogenarians chairing those committees . && yup , old turtles who ca n't even accurately explain how the internet works .	well , you see , the internet is like a series of tubes ...	is like	the internet	a series

1102	sorry it 's so damp all the time . && my back is like a dolphin 's	and my back is like a silver - back gorilla 's . at least i keep warm .	is like	my back	a silver - back gorilla 's

1103	# yesyoucan && put a space in front of your hashtag # or put a \ in front , tells reddit to ignore formatting	and four spaces if you want to talk like a robot .	talk like	you	a robot

1104	dorito mussolini ? orange muppet hitler ? twitler ? he goes by many names . && those are n't nice	yes that 's rather the point , the man is a venal know - nothing fascist who lies like a dog in summer .	lies like	dorito mussolini	a dog

1105	love at first sight && lucky girl , getting an astronaut like that	a black astronaut , that 's like a unicorn	's like	a black astronaut	a unicorn

1106	1/3rd of the formation lap before his engine destroyed itself . && and that was the first race of the new mchonda ? outstanding	yes , the blades of the turbo literally came off the exhaust , it exploded like a grenade .	exploded like	the blades of the turbo	a grenade

1107	with too much halloween candy in hand , i tried out the starburst pipe . && did you use it yet	yes i did . it drew like a pencil . was awesome . my boyfriend also <url> then we ate it .	drew like	the starburst pipe	a pencil

1108	the more i look at it , the weirder it gets . he s like a penguin && looks normal to me ?	i think you might want to sit down for this , but you too , may run like a penguin .	run like	you	a penguin

1109	what game do you keep coming back to play / can't stop playing ? && candy crush	do you spend any money on that game ? i hear a lot of mobile games are like a cash trap .	are like	a lot of mobile games	a cash trap

1110	i 'm a tall swede in asia && that sounds more like a comedy sketch then reality haha	people keep telling me my life is like a sitcom ! ! maybe i 'm not actually real	is like	my life	a sitcom

1111	guard it well . && love is not to be bottled up inside you silly billy .	an open mind is like a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded .	is like	an open mind	a fortress

1112	what are signs that someone is secretly unhappy ? && singing happy from pharrell williams while slinging a shotgun	that caught me so off - guard i started laughing like a maniac in a public library	laughing like	i	a maniac

1113	welcome to 2018 , where facts are controversial . && and the points do n't matter !	the points are like a hat in an orgy !	are like	the points	a hat in an orgy

1114	years , with ups and downs . this week in particular is a significant down . && any idea what triggered it ?	yes . do n't worry , this too shall pass . it might pass like a kidney stone , but it will pass .	pass like	it	a kidney stone

1115	tell that to the creators of coco && i 'm not crying , you 're crying !	i will happily admit that that movie made me cry like a little girl	cry like	i	a girl

1116	what if the world was made of glazed donuts ? && there 'd be a big crater around my house .	what if your thumb roared like a dinosaur ?	roared like	your thumb	a dinosaur

1117	what quote makes you feel better when you 're in pain and everything seems hopeless ? && this too shall pass	it might pass like a kidney stone , but it will pass .	pass like	it	a kidney stone

1118	[ citation needed ] && pascal has the slowest car of all but he scores points anyway ! !	you 're like a pascalquokka	're like	you	a pascalquokka

1119	kiff , i have made it with a woman . inform the men . && is n't it " mated with a woman " ?	gentlemen , once we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a pack of cards . checkmate .	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a pack of cards

1120	" we put our faith in blast hardcheese . " && the boiler room has a receptionist ? ?	ugh , she 's presenting like a mandrill .	presenting like	she	a mandrill

1121	the stuffed wolf && i 'm sure he could 've wolfed it down .	i ca n't bear this joke omg i m howling like a wolf	howling like	i	a wolf

1122	have you , or a loved one , been diagnosed with mesothelioma ? && call the law offices of davis & main	slippin jimmie with a law degree is like a champ with a machine gun !	is like	slippin jimmie with a law degree	a champ with a machine gun

1123	what 's just plain stupid to you ? && moving to the extreme left side of the lane before turning right , or vice versa .	some cars handle like a pregnant cow . eg . pt cruiser .	handle like	some cars	a pregnant cow

1124	what is a chicken biscuit ? i 've never seen that at canadian mcdonald 's && chicken served with scones .	is it breaded like a nugget ?	breaded like	chicken served with scones	a nugget

1125	sup peeps . && sooo who 's cutting the lines ?	dammit , every time i read about coke i get the sniffles . it 's like a pavlovian response .	's like	every time i read about coke i get the sniffles	a pavlovian response

1126	pick on fat girls ? jeez . do n't they have enough on their plate already ? && not for long .	" life is like a box of chocolates ; it does n't last as long if you 're fat "	is like	life	a box of chocolates

1127	who is the best futurama character ? && zap brannigan . everything he says is gold .	if we can hit that bull's - eye the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate !	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

1128	my god man && definitely born and raised in alabama .	if you 're still making this joke in 2018 your sense of humor is dried like a raisin lmao .	dried like	your sense of humor	a raisin lmao

1129	trump is n't capable of that . && he 'd disappear .	trump is like a fairy . if you do n't believe in him , he will disappear .	is like	trump	a fairy

1130	none . i would n't want to deprive myself like that . && some would say you are depriving yourself of yourself	nah . i 'm a gamer , a creator , a lover of information . cutting off knowledge would be like a lobotomy .	be like	cutting off knowledge	a lobotomy

1131	you need to watch futurama . && then come crawling back here . like a bird on its belly .	the rest of the dominos will fall like a house of cards . check mate !	fall like	the rest of the dominos	a house of cards

1132	4 % of people are biff tannens . && what are you looking at butthead ?	i 'm gon na make like a tree and get out here .	make like	i	a tree

1133	de - ices your windshield && de - glasses it too	you just made me giggle like a little girl . thank you .	giggle like	me	a little girl

1134	my name 's pete , and when i get out of school i want to work as a steadicam . && this is unsettling	you have n't see him yawn like a pelican	yawn like	him	a pelican

1135	what temperature is your air conditioning currently set at ? && 75 degrees . prob could go up a bit though , kinda chilly lol	my house is like a greenhouse , too many windows lol . 75 would feel like 90 .	is like	my house	a greenhouse

1136	the legend ! && scott sterling ! !	his face is like a brick wall ! !	is like	his face	a brick wall

1137	reminds me of this && scott sterling !	his face is like a brick wall ! a brick wall that can feel pain and cries a lot ! !	is like	his face	a brick wall

1138	it would get my attention . && it got reddit 's attention ... that 's the ultimate test	reddit is like a 6 month old labrador . everything gets its attention .	is like	reddit	a 6 month old labrador

1139	former wrestler ! and also hungry most of the time and works out a lot && thank you for verifying that your dad is sargent slaughter	his dad is like a manwich that came alive .	is like	his dad	a manwich

1140	what is your favorite movie ? && saving private forrest gump	life is like a box of sticky bombs	is like	life	a box of sticky bombs

1141	so , alpha brain is what led to humanity ? && no , total primate care .	nah man , it was definitely the kettle bells shaped like a gorilla .	shaped like	the kettle bells	a gorilla

1142	know that you 're a procrastinator and consciously strive to change it . && good idea . def gon na try that one out tomorrow .	procrastination is like a drug , and as with any addiction , you wo n't change unless you want to .	is like	procrastination	a drug

1143	he did n't , edited it himself . && that s the joke	can you explain the joke ? it read like a simple statement .	read like	joke	a simple statement

1144	the fact she can stomach that tells me its not her first time . i m sure she will be fine && mmm - hmmm	man , they down maple syrup like a champ .	syrup like	they	a champ

1145	my favorite 's the flashback with hela vs the valkyries . such a cool scene && i want a painting of that scene , honestly	the whole movie is like a moving painting .	is like	the whole movie	a moving painting

1146	timeless classic && part time president , full time savage	are you quoting fred savage or are you talking like a 14 year old middle schooler calling something " savage " ?	talking like	you	a 14 year old middle schooler

1147	what old insults need to make a comeback ? && you fight like a dairy farmer !	how appropriate . you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

1148	what is the strangest compliment you 've ever received ? && my grandpa " your nose is like a ski hill , it 's different "	at lease he did n't say like a diamond slope .	say like	your nose	a ski hill diamond slope

1149	now dare to comment your country && what about the girth though , cause that 's more important	i 'm like a tuna can . edit : all of the above . my self esteem ...	'm like	i	a tuna can

1150	no one refers monkey island here ? ? ? && you fight like a dairy farmer !	how appropriate ! you fight like a cow	fight like	you	a cow

1151	that 's awesome . good luck running around after kante and pogba with that heart && kante?yes , i do nt think pogba is that athletic	you 've lost your mind . for his size he moves like a gazelle	moves like	he	a gazelle

1152	" they will learn of our peaceful ways ... by force . " && " other unrelated quote from the same show "	" if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate . "	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

1153	what 's the most vile joke you 've ever heard ? && inappropriate jokes are like kids with cancer . they never get old .	dark humour is like a cure . not everyone gets it .	is like	dark humour	a cure

1154	canucks are tied with all the other canadian teams in wins ! /s && canucks still memeing hard .	we 're like a marionette . soulless and lifeless , but the bloodline of memes keeps us dancing well into next season .	're like	we	a marionette

1155	what 's your favourite tv show / serial ? && serial ?	serial is like a movie , but in series	is like	serial	a movie

1156	not possible . these players just fall into our orbit . && and then out of it .	yup , we 're like a first overall pick conveyor belt over here	're like	we	a first overall pick conveyor belt

1157	i always watch , and i want to watch . && the edge is so sharp on this one ...	you 're like a pencil with 2 erasers .	're like	you	a pencil with 2 erasers

1158	of all the pizza chains they chose arguably the worst . && they have the best crust though .	you 're insane . that crust is like a dry sponge that 's somehow full of grease .	is like	that crust	a dry sponge

1159	handcuffs would be obsolete && they 'd just change the design . cuff your arm to your leg or something .	i can imagine it 'd be like a belt with a single cuff	be like	handcuffs	a belt with a single cuff

1160	what is your go - to insult ? && you fight like a dairy farmer .	how appropriate ! you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

1161	heh looking up from my phone i see my computer . nice try op , out maneuvered . && keep looking up .	aha a window , which is like a computer outside .	is like	a window	a computer

1162	you thought it was rita repulsa but it was me , dio ! && ronnie james ?	keeping him in there is like a rainbow in the dark .	is like	keeping him in there	a rainbow in the dark

1163	except head gasket problems . && not really an issue since the early 00 's	i 've got a 99 ' impreza 2.5 and it still runs like a champ !	runs like	a 99 ' impreza 2.5	a champ

1164	why are you on it then ? && i ca nt get enough .	so reddit is like a crack addiction ?	is like	reddit	a crack addiction

1165	the last sentence gave me a good laugh . && quite a site	that sentence made me shiver like a ghost went through me	shiver like	me	a ghost went through me

1166	except for me . i know most everything . ama && what 's your favourite colour ?	i know that i love all the colors everywhere she combs her hair . she 's like a rainbow .	's like	she	a rainbow

1167	when was the first time you farted in front of your so and how did they react ? && [ holds breath ]	yes ! and side eye . that 's how it begins . a first fart is like a war declaration in a relationship .	is like	a first fart	a war declaration

1168	what superhero movies do you like ? && puma man	puma man ! he flies like a moron !	flies like	he	a moron

1169	am .. am i the wind fish ? && great game .	maybe it was because i was an emotional kid , but i cried like a baby at the ending .	cried like	i	a baby

1170	let 's be honest , that 's probably because trump ca n't spell kkk . && thanks , now my coworkers are looking at me weird	if your coworkers ca n't appreciate you giggling like a school girl then they are n't meant to work at your company	giggling like	you	a school girl

1171	so you 're saying it 's impossible ? && i work in it . i have n't had proper sleep in years	yep . facts . if you ever quit you will sleep like a baby .	sleep like	you	a baby

1172	made my first glass bong && how 's it rip	dude , it hits like a beast	hits like	my first glass bong	a beast

1173	what video game actually gave you a sense of pride and accomplishment ? && escape from monkey island .	that 's a really good answer , but unfortunately i 've recently been made aware that you indeed fight like a cow .	fight like	you	a cow

1174	innocent people do not act like trump acts . && i would say trump acts like an egomaniac trying to protect his own vested interests .	he is like a cornered animal that 's about to be killed , lashing out in attempts to survive .	is like	he	a cornered animal that 's about to be killed

1175	what is a topic that can be used to revive a dying conversation ? && the poconos .	this thread is typed like a migos song .	typed like	this thread	a migos song

1176	at least they still have star vs the forces of evil . && and ducktales , woo - hoo .	thanks , now it 's stuck in my head for the rest of the day .... life is like a hurricane ..	is like	life	a hurricane

1177	idk i like going into a story assuming the worst but getting pleasantly surprised . && just like when dealing with actual people .	" people are like a box of chocolates . " - forrest grump	are like	people	a box

1178	what is your best " dad joke " ? && i do n't always tell dad jokes , but when i do he usually laughs .	this joke was like a good hug .	was like	this joke	a good hug

1179	his wife is in a coma && well , she did n't say no .	how appropriate . you fight like a cow .	fight like	you	a cow

1180	not shown : gattuso suggesting to mourinho that they should take penalties next . && pretty adorable interaction	gattuso has to be the most adorable coach . he 's like a cartoon character .	's like	gattuso	a cartoon character

1181	where do they think the war took place in && forrest gump .	war ... war is like a box of chocolates .	is like	war	a box of chocolates

1182	spongebob squarepants ! && if life of regret is something you wish	you 'll drop on the floor and flop like a fish .	flop like	you	a fish

1183	the russia hoax . && mike ' give me immunity ' flynn agrees	do n't believe every goofy report the overwrought media feeds you , friend . you 're being played like a fiddle .	played like	you	a fiddle

1184	if that stick was any bigger he 'd be a golden retreever . && get out .	they better make like a tree , and get out of here !	make like	they	a tree

1185	what is a lot harder than it needs to be ? && my bowel movements	eat more fibre . a bowl of bran flakes with raisins in the morning will get you running like a freight train .	running like	you	a freight train

1186	men of reddit , when was the last time you cried ? && when i was watching madoka magica a couple of weeks ago .	madoka hit hard , but clannad hit like a train and clannad : after story hit like a nuclear bomb	hit like	clannad	a train

1187	why do people not like minivans ? who does n't want to carpool with 6 of their friends ! ? && who has 6 friends ?	people who are n't attached to reddit like a parasite .	reddit like	people	a parasite

1188	flashbacks to early ov / kovalchuk . && kovalchuk ? lol i do n't remember him being a hitter like ovi .	more - so the core strength where you could n't really knock him down , and he was built like a tank .	built like	he	a tank

1189	the music video was very powerful . hit me hard as a teen . && hit you with a surprise left ?	a wave came crashing like a fist to the jaw	crashing like	wave	a fist to the jaw

1190	come on iiiin ! the water 's fine ! && everything floats down here ..	except little timmy , he could n't swim and sank like a rock ....	sank like	he	a rock

1191	their coach is scott sterling && the man . the myth . the legend	his face is like a brick wall ! a brick wall that can feel pain and cries a lot !	is like	his face	a brick wall

1192	a redneck is on his honeymoon about to make love , when his wife says ... && that joke could be so much shorter	but is it so much shorter ? life is like a picture book without any words ... a mystery	is like	life	a picture book without any words

1193	giuliani would fold faster than a broken lounge chair . && he 'd sing sweeter than a lovestruck canary .	he 'd squeal like a weenie on the bbq	squeal like	he	a weenie

1194	we 'll agree to disagree . && yeah dude hopsin is great if you 're a middle class 13 year old who hates his parents	this was meta . you replied like a 13 year old who hates his parents .	replied like	you	a 13 year old who hates his parents

1195	this is all i could find about this hentie thing && i can see the attraction .	nothing gets you fappin like a formally dressed chicken .	fappin like	you	a formally dressed chicken

1196	i 'd love also being able to read it && we probably wo n't ever be able to	indeed , i kinda accepted that . but every time i read those words it 's like a stab in a fresh wound	's like	those words	a stab in a fresh wound

1197	sign in tokyo japan && life is such a comedy , you 're the only one who does n't find it funny	life is like a hurricane .	is like	life	a hurricane

1198	do you have to read him a bedtime story aswell ? && no but i let him lick my cheeks	cute , it 's like a little good night kiss	's like	lick my cheeks	a little good night kiss

1199	when dr allen and ellie first see dinosaurs in jurassic park . && the bad harmonica version has ruined this scene for me .	same . i 'm giggling like a school girl just thinking about it . for those who have n't seen it . <url>	giggling like	i	a school girl

1200	redditors , what are you willing to give out for free ? && insults .	how appropriate - you fight like a cow .	fight like	you	a cow

1201	weird pulsating energy in my body ? && yes i get the same thing my dude	yes . is n't it so fun ? it 's like a little friend coming to give your cardiac membrane little hugs .	's like	weird pulsating energy in my body	a little friend coming to give your cardiac membrane little hugs

1202	sioux ; matee eight factions . no . no . && am i interrupting something ? what is a faction ?	a faction is like a team with differing goals and ideologies .	is like	a faction	a team with differing goals and ideologies 

1203	scott sterling ! ! && one is the loneliest number	his face is like a brick wall	is like	his face	a brick wall

1204	exo - frames will help with carrying larger guns and heavier gear into combat too . && or possibly balloon metal .	that 's going to really screw up saying that something will fly like a lead balloon .	fly like	something	a lead balloon

1205	holy cow , i hope that this is thing that loses him supporters . && this is definitely the end of drumpf /s	you guys are like a wind - up doll that only has 6 phrases .	are like	you guys	a wind - up doll that only has 6 phrases

1206	which famous actor has produced a consistently terrible body of work ? && jai courtney is terrible in everything .	almost . i loved him as the best friend in spartacus . his final scene had me sobbing like a traumatized child .	sobbing like	i	a traumatized child

1207	making america gump again ! && donald gump . > i just felt like running	" life is like a box of chocolates . my chocolates are the best chocolates . believe me . "	is like	life	a box of chocolates

1208	definetly quill 's plan because it will get ant - man killed . && ant- man would get squashed by thanos if he tried that	any singular mere mortal ca n't withstand holding an infinity stone . ant - man would pop like a bug .	pop like	ant - man	a bug

1209	what are your favorite dark humor jokes ? && dark humor is like food . not everyone gets it .	life is like a box of chocolates . it does n't last as long for fat people .	is like	life	a box of chocolates

1210	the one in lethal weapon 5 with chief lazarus ... and lethal weapon 6 too . && full penetration	you should see him feast . it 's like a mantis	's like	him	a mantis

1211	also not everyone floats . i know i do n't . && if you have lungs , you float .	obviously not . i sink like a rock , always have , even when i was a chubby little kid .	sink like	i	a rock

1212	i hope we give you a better series than 2013 && hey karlsson 's gimped , tanger 's out . should be evenish ?	i dunno .. maf is playing like a madman . i 'm scared .	playing like	maf	a madman

1213	when you use the wrong cheat code in gta . && original poster - <person> in <url> post	why repost and admit to it ? you 're like a cover band at this point .	're like	you	a cover band

1214	you are a minor god , what are you the god of ? && oversized socks that rotate when you walk around .	the first thing i thought of was thigh high socks with stripes that spin like a barber pole	spin like	thigh high socks with stripes	a barber pole

1215	super gay && so gay , he could n't even park straight .	he parked like a woman ?	parked like	he	a woman

1216	no , sorry , i hope he gets well soon . && lol . that 's such a monkey island response .	how appropriate . you fight like a cow .	fight like	you	a cow

1217	kidney stone for the win ! ! && gall stones checking in . would literally kill self before going through that again .	2nd on the gall stones . it 's like a dull knife being shoved in your back , slowly , for hours .	's like	the gall stones	a dull knife being shoved in your back 

1218	that may not be the best way to say that ... && sorry , her phone went ballistic .	her phone was like a long range anti aircraft missile .	was like	her phone	a ong range anti aircraft missile

1219	dude , do n't compare him to semin . they are miles apart . && kuznetsov is n't a world renowned marc staal bongo player ....	he may not have the best bongo skills but he can flap like a bird .	flap like	kuznetsov	a bird

1220	jim jordan is certifiably insane . && i know a guy on coke when i see one .	he is like a rabid raccoon rummaging through the trash .	is like	he	a rabid raccoon

1221	/sad reminds me of that love and ocd poem && he made me cry the first time i watched that video	i am a 43 yo man and i am not even ocd and he made me cry like a baby	cry like	me	a baby

1222	scott sterling && the man , the myth , the legend !	his face is like a brick wall !	is like	his face	a brick wall

1223	turn off the lights , and i 'll glow . && to the extreme i rock a mic like a vandal/	light up the stage and watch it jump like a candle .	jump like	it	a candle

1224	how come ? && humans are full of too much hatred . that plus weed equals bland taste . no high	if thc is lipid soluble , would n't a well marbled person be like a great steak with a killer high ?	be like	a well marbled person	a great steak with a killer high

1225	no xenos blood can pierce through my steel faith in the emperor && my face is my shield .	an open mind is like a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded	is like	an open mind	a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded

1226	what movie that make you cry ? && any movie where the dog dies or get hurt .	you 'll enjoy a dog 's purpose then . i cried like a baby .	cried like	i	a baby

1227	welcome to the internet . && what 's the internet ?	well , son , it 's like a series of tubes	's like	he internet	a series of tubes

1228	what would be useless if it was / wasn't waterproof ? && steve miller band	i want to fly like a waterproof eagle , over the sea	fly like	i	a waterproof eagle

1229	duck tales && yeah i 'll have the theme song stuck in my head for at least an hour now .	life is like a hurricane	is like	life	a hurricane

1230	what 's the most emotionally touching animated film you 've seen ? && how to train your dragon .	how to train your dragon 2 hit me way harder than one did . i was sobbing like a baby during that movie .	sobbing like	i	a baby during

1231	what 's the one item you ca n't sleep without ? && box fan . that background noise changed my life .	2 box fans for me . it 's like a freakin ' wind tunnel .	's like	2 box fans	a freakin ' wind tunnel

1232	soon he will clear his throat and a hush will fall across the land . && soon , the mewler will sing .	featuring manafort , singing like a bird .	singing like	manafort	a bird

1233	they love that sort of thing anyway . && it worked on mccain	hannity will sing like a canary .	sing like	hannity	a canary

1234	if you woke up one morning as a large bug , what would be the best course of action ? && to bug people all day	your puns are like a pest to some .	are like	your puns	a pest

1235	so what exactly happened ? && the raccoon ate the lions .	its jaw unhinged like a snake and it ate it whole . it was truly awe inspiring .	unhinged like	its jaw	a snake

1236	oh lordy , let it be televised . && reminder of how uncomfortable mark zuckerberg is on television .	wow , i never saw that before . he was sweating like a pig and bumbling all over the place !	sweating like	he	a pig

1237	because an undereducated population is easier to control . && " i love the poorly educated . "	this reality is like a bad dream .	is like	this reality	a bad dream

1238	what do you need to get off your chest ? [ serious ] && i really crave being on a steady relationship	man i was steadfast against being in one and it happened to me . it 's like a cold you 'll catch it	's like	relationship	a cold

1239	i ca n't believe no one has said <url> yet ? it has full length hd videos for free . && i love you nohomo	to me , finding this site was like a blind man learning to see for the first time .	was like	finding this site	a blind man learning to see for the first time

1240	which theme song for a tv show just fills you up with nostalgia when you hear it ? && duck tales !	life is like a hurricane ...	is like	life	a hurricane

1241	so who promotes it ? && that 's what we 're trying to find out .	this comment chain is like a fever dream .	is like	this comment chain	a fever dream

1242	i think your billion is supposed to be a trillion . && you are correct - fixed !	2.4 billion is like a weeks worth of toilet paper the way we spent money in iraq .	is like	2.4 billion	a weeks worth of toilet paper

1243	they 're the a ma maniere collab . wearing my pair rn && how 's the fit ?	sized down 0.5 and it fits like a glove . the material is super soft , it 's like putting on sock .	fits like	my pair rn	a glove

1244	i bet he does n't understand the scale of his actions . && that 's not finny !	he floundered like a fish out of water	floundered like	he	a fish out of water

1245	i have n't watched tv since 2011 . now what && it 's still bad because your neighbors do .	and these ideas spread like a virus .	spread like	these ideas	a virus

1246	it 's called a persecution complex . && i like to call it the victim complex .	every conservative i have ever know has projected like a movie theater and is convinced everyone is out to get them .	projected like	every conservative i have ever know	a movie theater

1247	today has been crazy . && its like turkey as a country is a 7 year old .	nah , it 's like a three year old toddler throwing a tantrum .	's like	turkey	a three year old toddler

1248	hypocrisy . google it . && alright , i 'll google hypocrisy but only if you google critical thinking .	that would be like a dog googling mozart . he might perceive it , but he 'll never understand it .	be like	you google critical thinking	a dog googling mozart 

1249	multi level marketing . its the diarrhea of mankind . && diarrhea is the diarrhea of mankind	diarrhea is like a storm raging inside of him .	is like	diarrhea	a storm

1250	the verb for half is halve . && leaf him alone .	why do n't you make like a tree , and get out of here !	make like	you	a tree

1251	tinder can be fun . && should n't it be " i 'm the one in the pics " ?	the pics are of a human , human is acting like a dog .	acting like	human	a dog

1252	what character from a tv show has all the best lines ? && zap brannigan .	the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards , checkmate	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

1253	ca n't wait until he 's the new most famous jared in prison && i came here for a subway joke . thank you	the jared 's will be like a toboggan in a subway tunnel .	be like	the jared 's	a toboggan

1254	bringing the world together . && muslim drops the bomb once again . /dark humour	dark humour is like a child with cancer , it never gets old	is like	dark humour	a child with cancer

1255	i was just listening to kiss from a rose yesterday && what , you want a medal ?	that song is like a growing addiction that i ca n't deny . wo n't you tell me is that healthy ?	is like	that song	a growing addiction

1256	oops , i dropped my monster sock for my magnum foot ! && i 'm here for the scraps	you should see him feed . he 's like a mantis , it 's amazing .	's like	he	a mantis

1257	i am literally shaking . && no you are n't .	i 'm shaking like a polaroid picture .	shaking like	i	a polaroid picture

1258	maybe if we were fighting with clubs . && we both have thermonuclear weapons .	oooo the elusive double double comment . it 's like a double rainbow but more satisfying .	's like	the elusive double double comment	a double rainbow

1259	i love it dry . but can you work in some teeth ? && how much teeth do you want ?	it 's gon na be like a desert in my mouth	be like	my mouth	a desert

1260	what everyday skill becomes suspicious if you 're too good at it ? && walking with minimal sound .	i wish my girlfriend would learn this , she 's started to walk like a transformer	walk like	my girlfriend	a transformer

1261	it 's ensign zapp brannigan . fan - tastic && in the game of chess , you can never let your adversary see your pieces .	if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes should fall like a house of cards .	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

1262	god , this is sad . && that hashtag tho	reading that was like a icy dagger through the heart .	was like	that hashtag	a icy dagger through the heart

1263	today i learned that if you fold a paper in half 103 times it 'll get as thick as the universe . && what if i would fold in half the universe 103 times ?	it then gets as big as a piece of paper .	as big as	half the universe	a piece of paper

1264	what 's an odd topic ( and i 'll write a 4 line freestyle rap about it ) ? && fear of dragons	dragons are scary but my name ai n't gary best thing to do , talk to a fairy wish that the dragon is as big as a marchiano cherry	as big as	the dragon	a marchiano cherry

1265	op , have any pictures of them live ? they are a beautiful fish ( like a brook trout on steroids ) && here 's an album i found	still not as pretty as a fall brookie though , imo <url>	as pretty as	fish	a brookie

1266	good thing he did n't have a gun . && or a car .	lame argument . you really saying a car is as deadly as a gun ? we have army , navy , where s the demolition derby / craxy taxi branch ?	as deadly as	car	a gun

1267	have n't heard that one , but yeah that sums her up . i 'll be using that haha thanks && you might say she is n't the sharpest potato in the toolshed	she 's as sharp as a sack of wet leather .	as sharp as	she	a sack of wet leather

1268	i 'm in bed watching supernatural and reading this . i must know before i sleep ! && i 'm on it my dudes i will be swift like the wind .	but will you be as swift as a coursing river ?	as swift as	you	a coursing river

1269	no , because if the dimensions were arranged into a sphere , the versions of us that are most different from ourselves would fall off . && oh . you 're one of them . cya !	lmao you 're all as dumb as a box of twigs .	as dumb as	you	a box of twigs

1270	everyone in the office should have been fired . > creed- pretty sure he came to work high && " pretty sure he came to work high " is the only thing you 've got to say about creed ?	creed is as clean as a whistle . you 're thinking of william charles schneider and debbie brown .	as clean as	creed	a whistle

1271	what is the most badass first name ( male or female ) you can think of ? && athena for woman . ezekiel for male .	the only athena i ever met was about 300 lbs and about as patient and intelligent as a bull who sat on a bee .	as patient and intelligent as	athena i	a bull

1272	gave us the transparency that the outgoing administration promised us . && my guess is in a year from now you will be fantasizing about the transparency of the obama admin .	that 's impossible because the obama administration was as transparent as a brick wall . preferably one on the border .	as transparent as	obama administration	a brick wall

1273	they 'd go into pet food instead && all pets should be vegan ! they hurt the other animals feelings too !	you should have some more self esteem . you are n't as dumb as a dog , even though you seem to believe it .	as dumb as	you	a dog

1274	they heard the guy who complained about the missing senna - prost wheel-2-wheel action in 2017 && have they heard about the time it happened to emilio ?	that was as crisp as a lock can be bois .	as crisp as	the time it happened to emilio	a lock

1275	what 's the most villainous act you 've ever done while knowing full well you are doing the wrong thing ? && does picking all the evil options in detroit become human count ?	you must be as pure as a snowflake	as pure as	you	a snowflake

1276	men of reddit , what are some things women think we like , but could n't be more wrong about ? && apparently women think i like men , but really i am as straight as a circle .	i 'm as straight as a fractal	as straight as	i	a fractal

1277	what ' normal ' thing do you never ever want to try ? && get a tattoo . funny to me that this is " normal " now	do n't worry . kids raised by tattooed parents are going to grow up thinking it 's about as cool as a mobility scooter .	as cool as	tattoo	a mobility scooter

1278	hi reddit ! && anything ? so i just considered myself to be productive like a magnet on a fridge .. i m there , holding that 's all	i m as productive as a wall hang in the wall so i understand you lol	as productive as	i	a wall

1279	it was good for me too , friend . let 's do this again sometime . && this is exactly why i reddit . so refreshing .	but not as refreshing as a cucumber	as refreshing as	reddit	a cucumber

1280	people cross state lines for healthcare . && so the federal government can literally operate with infinite power because people cross state lines to do anything ?	it makes as much sense as a radio wave can sometimes cross state lines so we must regulate the ones that do n't as if they do .	as much sense as	people	a radio wave

1281	next you 're going to start trying to tell lies like the marines are n't allowed to have guns , regardless if they use them or not . && are the marines allowed to build nuclear weapons without congressional approval ?	are script kiddies as powerful as a nuclear arsenal now ?	as powerful as	script kiddies	a nuclear arsenal

1282	pc culture is n't really that bad . && if you 're anything but an evil , straight , white , man , then sure .	i 'll have you know i am an evil straight white man and i 've only offended a real human once or twice . and i 'm as edgy as a 9/11 joke .	as edgy as	i	a 9/11 joke

1283	this is the article : trump 's budget makes perfect sense and will fix america , and i will tell you why && the journalist should be given a medal .	she is hilarious , you should read more of her stuff . satire as sharp as a whip .	as sharp as	satire	a whip

1284	and he played pretty well . once he got subbed lazio started struggling right away . && when played in his position he will rarely do big mistakes . play him at centerback he might but otherwise very solid player .	he has n't been a good dm since 2012 . the king of needless fouls and as slow as a carthorse .	as slow as	he	a carthorse

1285	this kinda hairstyle is really popular in korea . though it looks better on them than on the average white guy . && that 's the first thing i thought of . <url>	these guys look about as hard as a bowl of mashed potatoes .	as hard as	these guys	a bowl of mashed potatoes

1286	my immunosupressed wife does not thank you . && my immune compromised , cancer survivor son , feels the same . be a shame for the flu to kill him after surviving cancer .	it 's ok . <person> drinks lots of water and gets a good night 's sleep . that 's just as effective as a virus vaccine . /s	as effective as	<person> drinks lots of water and gets a good night 's sleep	a virus vaccine

1287	youppi ! kills carlton . news at 11 . && if youppi do n't got a gun , he do n't got a chance . carlton is a bear !	yeah , but he 's about as threatening as a care bear	as threatening as	carlton	a care bear

1288	i mean i do n't have a weapon but courage goes a long way && you can join me and <person> . we 're creating an army .	maybe not quite as intimidating as a dragon , but got room for a big fat guy ?	as intimidating as	an army	a dragon

1289	considering these planets are 3.8 billion light years away , there 's a pretty good chance we wo n't get there in a millennium or two . && fold it over and put a pencil through it - voila !	the paper would still be as thick as a concerete wall	as thick as	the paper	a concerete wall

1290	ben carson on education terrifies me . i 'd be fine with surgeon general ... i think . && ben carson is one of the most gifted surgeons of american history . we would be lucky to have him .	he also appears to as dumb as a bag of rocks . so he 's either acting stupid or he 's the gilderoy lockheart of the brain surgery world .	as dumb as	he	a bag of rocks

1291	" i 'd love to turn you on , but first i need some off " ( edit : rip my inbox ) && " makin ' love by ( citronella ) candlelight "	yeah .. here in louisiana you would need a citronella candle as big as a chemical plant flare ...	as big as	citronella candle	a chemical plant flare

1292	lol , found the virgin ! && i mean if you 're gon na try and insult me do n't just parrot back the same one i just used on you . that 's just lazy .	why would i put in any effort with someone who 's as dumb as a rock ?	as dumb as	someone	a rock

1293	i heard a song once about how a monorail is the best way to spend a city 's money . it 'll put us on the map ! && i hear those things are awfully loud	it glides as softly as a cloud	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

1294	pair of pretty big coincidences there . if he were an inch shorter or a pound heavier he 'd be obese . hmm . && he is at least an inch shorter , and many many pounds heavier	i 'm 6 ' 5 " and i used to weight 240 . if i stood next trump at that weight i would look like as thin as a rail . he is much fatter than 239 .	as thin as	i	a rail

1295	the significance : sen. duckworth is the first us senator in office to give birth . && good god they did n't take her to a hospital ?	she 's as iron as a coffin nail & sharper than a tack . she does n't need a hospital .	as iron as	she	a coffin nail

1296	<person> how clean was this play && oh look , the announcers are talking about how it was clean , but unfortunate . literally word for word what i said . now stfu .	i 'm talking about the extra shoves , lol are you as dense as a wall ?	as dense as	you	a wall

1297	leicester 's english players , drinkwater , vardy , gray , chilwell , albrighton , simpson , king , all do pretty well . && king is welsh	king is about as welsh as a yorkshire pudding	as welsh as	king	a yorkshire pudding

1298	that is why i played soccer . && if you never got hit in the nuts playing soccer , you sat on the sidelines too much .	i got hit in the nuts all the time playing soccer . the difference was the ball was not as hard as a rock .	as hard as	the ball	a rock

1299	you are a bold one , <url> && you really are a heel .	you re as cuddly as a cactus	as cuddly as	you	a cactus

1300	you gave us flight of the conchords && give credit where credit is due , that 's new zealand mate .	taking credit for new zealand is as aussie as a democracy sausage .	as aussie as	taking credit for new zealand	a democracy sausage

1301	bathing with the corpse of an animal is pretty weird , unless it 's a sponge . && a sponge is an animal ? til	yeah , technically . not as cute as a puppy , but better for washing your junk .	as cute as	sponge	a puppy

1302	heh . that comic 's funny . reads comments section i swear to god this website needs therapy . && purely psychosomatic !	she was as white as a ghost !	as white as	she	a ghost

1303	which was compromised . && a secure aol account is as rare as a unicorn	an aol account is also as rare as a unicorn too .	as rare as	aol account	a unicorn

1304	stop caring what people think and just be you . && but what if " being yourself " includes caring what others think ?	then try not be as shallow as a 1 cm puddle	as shallow as	you	a puddle

1305	i am straight , as far as i know . i m open to experimenting , tho . && heteroflexible ?	i think op is about as straight as a circle	as straight as	op	a circle

1306	no better way to make the show a explosive hit . && i 'm sure all the kids will be blown away .	genuinely pure torture . they were post holiday hyper and as easy to control as a bunch of drunk moose	as easy to control as	kids	a bunch of drunk

1307	also , moderator . && that explains the quality of this sub .	we try to keep it clean of insults . such as calling someone thick as a brick .	as calling someone thick as	someone	a brick

1308	a chocolate shake && i see detroit flair !	yes . i do have that . i cheer on the wings even though they are as effective as a magikarp using splash .	as effective as	the wings	a magikarp using splash

1309	made some sourdough , finally got it to rise . [ homemade ] && how many times to perfect it ?	dang , like 20 . most of them came out flat as a pancake and dense as a brick .	as a pancake and dense as	sourdough	a brick

1310	if it did n't come out of the pipes how 'd it get to petrifying all the people ? && cracks in the pipes	of course cracks in the pipes as big as a volkswagen beetle	as big as	cracks in the pipes	a beetle

1311	i do n't feel so good .. && biff kept his parents from kissing ?	that is about as funny as a screen door on a battleship .	as funny as	biff kept his parents from kissing	a door

1312	monorail , monorail , monorail && i hear those things are awfully loud .	it rides as softly as a cloud !	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

1313	mac was hot way back in season one && that pathetic little twink ? he was as tiny as a postage stamp !	now he 's as big as a skyscraper !	as big as	he	a skyscraper

1314	i just shot you a couple . && this pun train is a blast !	i heard it goes as fast as a speeding bullet	as fast as	this pun train	a bullet

1315	still not as easy as a carrot . && yeah but if you just bend reeeeaaaaaally hard	oh i 'm sure you could do it ! just not as easily as a carrot	as easily as	it	a carrot

1316	i give that joke a c++ grade && it was pretty basic	some would say as valuable as a pearl .	as valuable as	that joke	a pearl

1317	your downvotes reflect your ignorance . && they are downvotes . they mean absolutely nothing . enjoy your high from meaningless numbers	only if you promise to enjoy your false sense of entitlement over something as mundane as a tattoo .	as mundane as	meaningless numbers	a tattoo

1318	anything written by tim long makes that look like marge vs the monorail . && i hear those things are awfully loud	it glides as softly as a cloud .	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

1319	get out . && they better make like a tree , and get out of here !	that 's as dumb as a screen door on a battleship	as dumb as	they	a door

1320	thanks i hate it . && at least you never have to be alone .	this was a great thread . also you have just as much hair as a gorilla .	as much hair as	you	a gorilla

1321	why do carwashes put plastic covers on rear windshields ? && to prevent the spinning brush from ripping off the rear window wiper .	how does it help ? it seems about as helpful as a sandwich bag	as helpful as	plastic covers	a sandwich bag

1322	dinner time in mexico can escalate quickly && that will teach him not to double dip tacos	dip into what ? i 'm about as brown as a bean and i have never dipped my taco into anything .	as brown as	i	a bean and i

1323	and monorails && i hear those things are awfully loud ...	it floats as gently as a cloud !	as gently as	monorails	a cloud

1324	imagine getting killed . && okay , done . what now ?	presumably you 'd agree that that would be bad even if you were as dumb as a cow .	as dumb as	you	a cow

1325	now as a man && i eat five dozen eggs ..	and now i 'm as large as a barge !	as large as	i	a barge

1326	how so ? && separating fantasy from reality is a major issue in the mentally ill .	oh the irony of a trump voter saying this is as golden as a russian shower .	as golden as	separating fantasy from reality is a major issue in the mentally ill	a russian shower

1327	do not refrain , your attempt was not in vane && his crass was pretty plain , it gave me pain .	you must be insane , to speak as boldly as a lions mane , kno what i m sayn ?	as boldly as	you	a lions mane

1328	how to suppress visibility of veins on my arms ? && but vascularity is sicc	not when you 're as skinny as a toothpick imo .	as skinny as	you	a toothpick imo

1329	what is coming back ? && good old heavy metal	when is it coming back ? as far as i can tell , it 's as dead as a three days old fish .	as dead as	good old heavy metal	a three days old fish

1330	and has a very fast pace && he 's also pretty speedy	he 's as swift as a summer breeze .	as swift as	he	a summer breeze

1331	cannibal ! the musical && the sky is blue and all the leaves are green ....	the sun 's as warm as a baked potato !	as warm as	the sun	a baked potato

1332	full sized spare tires in cars ... please and much thanks && buy a truck	i needed my spare once in 12 years of owning my truck . it was fun cranking it and watching it descend like a roadside deity to save the day .	descend like	spare tires	a roadside deity

1333	then they can say so at the funeral . good boys do n't charge people with knives . && but , like , society , man ... accountability is for the privileged !	i certainly hope it 's your intention to act like a caricature , otherwise i may need to revise my estimation of the general public down once more .	act like	your intention	a caricature

1334	ha ha ha ! good to see you still have it in 2018 richie . && i took a test . do n't have it no more	i 'd say you still have it . you just do n't know , it is like a parasite waiting .	is like	it	a parasite waiting

1335	and now to make one for people ... " what is this ? ? ? a bong for ants ? ? " && i actually like that size	at this size it 's a bubbler that is shaped like a bong . it 's dope lookin but idk	shaped like	bubbler	a bong

1336	yep . dow does not rise 1,000 pts in a month to record highs without some pretty crazy bubble action going on . && consumer debt is back at 2008 levels , there will be a " correction " soon .	student debt is still growing like a 50 lb tumor on the back of millennials .	growing like	student debt	a 50 lb tumor on the back

1337	with h&m i 've had good luck with their denim , i have similar build to you . targets goodfellow line shirts fit me perfectly . && agreed . goodfellow 's athletic chinos are amazing and i 'm similarly sized .	tried on the athletic chinos and they fit like a glove !	fit like	they	a glove

1338	sad but true && i do n't think it 's sad at all . it 's about time we move on from the whole ' fear of god ' look .	into dressing like a complete herb ? why ca nt people just dress normally	dressing like	people	a complete herb

1339	no you need pragnat firs && but can you down a 20 foot slide while praganet ?	i was going to link the video , but i 'm at work and i ca n't even google for it without laughing like a hyena .	laughing like	i	a hyena

1340	does hulk get aroused ? would he turn back into banner if he was aroused , or ... what ? && and if hulk impregnates someone would the baby be human or hulk - like ?	no way his partner would survive . i guarantee he would blow like a shotgun , right through their back .	blow like	he	a shotgun

1341	if you could play any video game for the first time again what would it be ? && life is strange . both the story and the music sucked me right in .	nothing else gives me the feeling i got playing that game . it 's like a drug that i need more of but ca n't get .	's like	playing that game	a drug

1342	he is just chilling in algarve . saw him yesterday . && he always refers to it as his paradise . i 'm sure he has enough money from his previous jobs to have a great retirement in portugal .	he lost a bit of money in the madoff ponzi schemes but i 'm sure that the last few jobs made him earn enough to live like a king .	live like	him	a king

1343	<url> is this an argument against what i said ? && i dunno , how is it ?	can you not act like a child please ? i 'm not trying to argue with " i know u r but wut m i ? " today .	act like	you	a child

1344	this is life in erie , pa right now && can us erie folk emerge from our hole and brag about our city ? of course we 'll crawl back in eventually , but for now our time has come !	dunno if i 'd call it a brag , but out mall is shaped like a handgun . so we have that going for us .	shaped like	out mall	a handgun

1345	what once - popular reddit post has aged very badly ? && all threads predicting a trump loss .	it was like a train wreck in slow motion . you could see it happening for at least a month but people imploded when it finally happened .	was like	trump loss	a train wreck in slow motion

1346	what do you look like ? && me and my sister , sorry about the instagram filter , had to pull it from her account . that 's the most recent picture of me though	you are too cute , you 're like a teddy bear made of boyfriend material	're like	you	a teddy bear

1347	in australia the us is basically a joke , the whole political circus amongst other things . you lads do n't do yourselves any favours && australia is pretty much a joke in the us too	implying americans have any knowledge of australia to come to such a judgement . the bitterness and insecurity of this post hit like a flamethrower .	hit like	the bitterness and insecurity of this post	a flamethrower

1348	[ nsfw ] what are your kinks ? && glasses are a big one for me . do n't really know how / why but oh man i love it when my so wears her glasses .	a girl without glasses is like a shortcake without strawberries .	is like	a girl without glasses	a shortcake without strawberries

1349	surely this is more " tall people who are also built like tanks problems " && can confirm . tall person , built like a twig , never had this problem .	tall person , built like a tank , chipping in . this is sometimes a problem .	built like	tall person	a tank

1350	i ca n't . your sense of humor is just so sparkling , almost as sparkling as your eyes . && hehe hehehe . thank you ... blushes and runs away	your blushes are so enchanting , and you run like a graceful gazelle .	run like	you	a gazelle

1351	non - americans : what is one thing every american needs to know ? && america is one of the least developed of the developed nations , and is perhaps the most backwards of them as well .	the flyover states are like a different planet to people here in the northeast ( ny / nj / ct / ma ) .	are like	the flyover states	a different planet

1352	to each their own . i have my reasons for wanting to have protection . && enjoy living in fear for no good reason .	so would you rather be killed like a defenseless sheep or fight back and have a chance at living ? i 'll take my chances with fighting back and living .	killed like	you	a defenseless sheep

1353	the earth 's core is hot . is n't this technically a melt ? && so what you 're saying is that this sandwich has a warm and gooey center ? i 'm still in !	well it 's going to be like a hot pocket , but literally lava .	be like	the earth 's core	a pocket

1354	the official friendzone logo && old guy here . does the c - shape hand mean something ? can someone bring me up to speed ? kthx !	if she reciprocated it would look kinda like a heart .	kinda like	the official friendzone logo	a heart

1355	you do n't know what a communist is . && well i 'm going by the leftist standards and going to say anything to the left of my position !	you are like a scared little animal that does nt know if it should go for fight or flight .	are like	you	a scared little animal

1356	it 'll be someone we least expect . i 'm going to say usian bolt . && one of the healthiest men alive , how contrary !	his body is like a microchip . one grain of sand can destroy him .	is like	his body	a microchip

1357	just another way for government to get another piece of your paycheck . && just do n't buy soda ? it 's not a necessity anyways .	agreed , but it just irritates me that government is like a crack addict , always trying to get its next fix of cash from " the people " .	is like	government	a crack addict

1358	i think he 'd do it just to distract from muellers investigation . && yes , but it can end world in hot war	45 ca nt see past his own nose . he 's got to be panicking right now , and that 's all he is aware of . he 's like a child .	's like	he	a child

1359	five more years at 6 million aav . && yeah but his real value comes in the playoffs . ca n't wait should be a good one this year ! !	he 'll be so fast he 'll be like a blur , you wo n't even see him out there that 's how fast he is .	be like	he	a blur

1360	i almost used the term , " the kind of people that you see standing in line with you at walmart " . && but would n't that include yourself ?	everyone at walmart thinks they 're better than everyone else . it 's like a penrose staircase of contempt .	's like	everyone at walmart thinks they 're better than everyone else	a penrose staircase of contempt

1361	what is the best purchase you 've made ? && macbook pro for college . had a cheap 4 year old pc and it would n't have survived through college	my mid-2011 is 6 years old now and still runs like a champ . only thing i 've ever had to do for maintenance is add $ 40 of ram and clean the fans .	runs like	my mid-2011	a champ

1362	americans who visited europe , what was your biggest wtf moment ? && was just <url> cost of everything , since trump has killed the dollar ! !	dollar has dropped like a stone april 2014 and doing much better in the last year : <url>	dropped like	dollar	a stone

1363	breakfast , they always have like a full feast and eat one thing and rush off && i used to i think that was just what breakfast was like in america .	i thought i was the only one ! i thought " no wonder they 're fat : if a human eats all that stuff on the table - they 'd burst like a bubble ! "	burst like	they	a bubble

1364	now that 's a real shower thought right there ! && are you insinuating that some people post thoughts here that were n't thought of in a shower !	i sing like a horse during the shower . no time for thoughts !	sing like	i	a horse

1365	how much military training do you both have ? && me ? 6 years in raac as a cavalrymen ; she is a civilian through and through	then no , oh my god , that 's like a tiger made out of lava versus some grass .	's like	she	a tiger

1366	prince , marvin gaye , chester bennington && oh chester , how i admired your voice growing up .	he got me through so much in high school . i bawled like a baby when i found out , although i initially did n't believe it .	bawled like	i	a baby

1367	stalock is such a good actor he probably tried to get it on with a 14 year - old boy and had his netflix series cut short && eh , that one might be a step or five too far	when a 115 pounder makes you flail like a fish , i 'd say he is n't too far off	flail like	you	a fish

1368	the data actually shows it to be one the least harmful of illegal drugs && yep ! and psilocybin has been shown to be another very safe one .	it 's less predictable than lsd . with lsd you basically know what you are getting each time . mushies are like a wild horse .	are like	mushies	a wild horse

1369	what is the single best one liner ever delivered in a film ? && " life is like a box of chocolates , you never know what you 're going to get . "	life is like a box of chocolates ; you 're halfway through it before you realize you hate yourself .	is like	life	a box of chocolates

1370	most of them auto - shut - off now . && thankfully i still have a brother dcp-165c that i got back in 2009 .	good luck finding ink for it , soon . even if it still works like a champ , it wo n't do you any good once they stop selling it .	works like	ink	a champ

1371	i travel the world . i visit places that people would never go . i get to see the country and interact with the locals . && oh stewardess .	nope . i go around the countryside of said countries . it 's like a giant game of hide and go seek sometimes .	's like	go around the countryside	a giant game

1372	what 's one fetish you do n't understand and what 's yours ? && i do n't understand hardbodies . i 'm 100 % the opposite : i 'm only into fat girls . the fatter the better really !	same here , i ca n't stand guys that are overly built like a rock . it 's so uncomfortable !	built like	guys	a rock

1373	that 's a great idea . you're so clever . && this works for me , instantly pictured mocking spongebob	which is funny because in that episode of spongebob he 's not even mocking anyone . he saw plaid and started acting like a chicken . still 10/10 meme	acting like	he	a chicken

1374	dog food . feed your pets well ! makes a huge difference . && honestly , my cats eat so much less now that i feed them high quality food .	what food do you give yours ? i give mine kit and kabootle or meow mix and they eat like a couple of bottomless pitts	eat like	they	a couple of bottomless

1375	i do n't understand this reply . && if i have to explain this to you , i 'm sorry you need to include more iq in your diet	you see , a joke is like a frog . you can dissect and take apart the frog to learn more about it , but you kill the frog !	is like	joke	a frog

1376	yeah this gets me too , especially when on the phone && or gaming .... periodically i play with darth gamer .	this is playing with my brother . he pants like a bulldog that just rant a mile . i made him start toggling mute whenever he wanted to talk .	pants like	he	a bulldog

1377	what episode of a tv show gives you the feels every time you watch it ? && jim proposing to pam . michael proposing to holly .	the final episode of the series makes me cry like a baby every time .	cry like	me	a baby

1378	what quote have you heard countless of times ? && " life is like a box of chocolates . you never know what you 're gon na get ! "	' life was like a box of chocolates . you never know what you 're going to get . ' *	was like	life	a box of chocolates

1379	or you have the driest sense of humor . god forbid if someone jokes or is sarcastic here . maybe this is why everyone here is always on edge . && you seem to be the one taking it too seriously	lol seriously ? have you noticed every joke is downvoted and someone literally explained that cats ca n't judge like a human can ..	judge like	cats	a human can

1380	gamers of reddit , which video game is a " must play " in your opinion and why ? && journey . it 's amazing and original , and a pure work of art .	i played it through on acid and sobbed like a baby through the last 3rd .	sobbed like	i	a baby

1381	there was an article posted saying that this year they had 800 names to narrow down to about 45 . && i understand cutting the assistant principal director from trolls 7 but adam west ?	to be fair , 90 % of his fame with millennials and younger is purely because of family guy . he 's like a meme to kids	's like	he	a meme to kids

1382	what are some good serial killer / murder documentaries ? && not serial killer , but a documentary about a murder : " dear zachary : a letter to a son about his father "	oh god i never cry at movies but this one made me sob like a baby	sob like	me	a baby

1383	i 'd prefer that then having to contemplate my death as i slowly run out of energy to keep afloat . && just relax and float gently on the waves .	or for those who for some reason are unable to swim , sink like a block of stone .	sink like	those who for some reason are unable to swim	a block

1384	jake gyllenhaal in nightcrawler . absolutely twisted and unsettling character executed perfectly by him . && did n't he also lose a bunch of weight ? the gauntness of his face added so much creepiness as well .	i remember him saying in some interview he wanted to appear like a coyote , i think , so he lost weight to give that sort of look .	appear like	he	a coyote

1385	this article had me in tears . it 's amazing . && i 'm dying over here . i do n't know the last time i laughed so hard .	it made my insect eyes flash like a rocket .	flash like	my insect eyes	a rocket

1386	i only expect this number to go up .. && so then he is creating jobs ...	the best jobs , maga - my attorney 's got attorney 's . it 's like a perpetual motion machine but for the employment of attorneys .	's like	maga - my attorney 's got attorney 's	a perpetual motion machine

1387	what 's a shallow reason you would n't date someone ? && if they chew with their mouth open	throw in gulping like a starved child and you 're setting me up for murder charges too ! my roommate does this and it 's excellent dieting material ...	gulping like	they	a starved child

1388	yeah , well , that 's just , like , your opinion , man && life does not stop and start at your convenience you miserable piece of sh ....	so you have no frame of reference here donny , you 're like a child who wanders into the middle of a movie ... ! !	're like	you	a child

1389	i mean he held his breath for 10 minutes it 's safe to assume it caused some serious brain damage && i thought it was a monkey island reference , actually ...	how appropriate , you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

1390	it does actually bring joy to cal out other people thank you && lol is that what you think you did ? called them out ? rotfl you screeched like a child and it was hilarious	no , i did call them out . i literally called you out . wether i screeched like a child or not i still called you out	screeched like	i	a child or not

1391	men , when was the last time you cried and what caused it ? && schindler 's list	this movie made me cry like a baby . it was his breakdown at the end that really did it . how can people be that evil ?	cry like	me	a baby

1392	it 's because the previous record - owner always murders potential rivals . he 's still out there somewhere . && nope , he 's one of the guys who died trying to break the record : <url>	you 're like a homeopathic cannibal	're like	you	a homeopathic cannibal

1393	pouring a little bit of olive oil on the water will produce a similar effect . && i came in here to say this . any oil would work .	tried baby oil , tasted like a diaper .	tasted like	baby oil	a diaper

1394	people complain there 's too much anti - trump stuff , so here , have a freebie && i mean i feel like he did this one to himself	he really is like a child . can not stand still . he keeps swaying side to side . he 's not used to having to concentrate for that long .	is like	he	a child

1395	sure it is .. you 're just not willing to make a compromise . && it 's never a compromise . when was the last time the pro - gun people got anything out of a " compromise " ?	oh my god , you 're acting like a child lol	acting like	you	a child

1396	seems familiar . && i love the consistency in this show . seems like after this episode aired , dee 's dance moves almost always includes these sweet moves	actually . self consciousness of this and a lot of other shows is what makes them veer into unfunniness . sunny is like a monument to that	is like	sunny	a monument 

1397	how is he so ugly but also so handsome ? && like benedict cumberbatch	oh wow . yeah i def have a crush on both of these people , i like em weird looking . reddit is like a gold mine .	is like	reddit	a gold mine

1398	zap brannigan . everything he says is gold . && if we can hit that bull's - eye the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate !	she 's built like a steakhouse but she handles like a bistro !	handles like	she	a bistro

1399	muhammad ali boxing underwater , 1961 . ali was 19 here and did n't know how to swim . && float like a butterfly , sting like a box jellyfish	float like a jellyfish , sting like a jellyfish	sting like	ali	a butterfly box jellyfish

1400	you mean like dave chapelle , chris rock , richard pryor and all the other great dark humorists ? && dark humor is like food , not everybody gets it -joseph stalin	dark humor is like a child with cancer ; never gets old . some dude	is like	dark humor	a child with cancer

1401	this one is good . the kushner one though . that was hilarious . && i did n't see that one and a quick search did n't seem to bring it up . got a link ?	> our first stop is saudi arabia . jared says it is like a beach , big and hot and full of sand . no girls are allowed on the beach .	is like	saudi arabia	a beach

1402	he 's a cool dude , but what makes it more impressive than a white or asian person ? && because he is the first black person to do it ...	so it 's like a race milestone ? i do n't get it . why does skin color matter ?	's like	he is the first black person to do it	a race milestone

1403	first thing i thought . i 'd pick it up and it would just shatter into a thousand peices && like , how do you clean it ? boil it in a big pot maybe .	even then if a butterfly outside your window farted in your general direction it would fall and break like a african swallow .	break like	it	a african swallow

1404	you guys get bored pretty often do n't you ? && very . me and my coworker left one day to fight a gym across the street . and sometimes i play csgo	sounds like you 've got it pretty good then . me on the other hand , not so much . feels like i 'm constantly watched like a hawk .	watched like	i	a hawk

1405	skipping breakfast gives me a few extra minutes to laid down for a bit . && i never eat breakfast and i still have to get up and go .	you probably wake up a bit later than me . i tend to give myself a bit of extra time to prepare , so i can act like a zombie .	act like	i	a zombie

1406	i did n't write the headline , and it 's a little weird that that 's your main takeaway from this article . && a little <url> apparently enough for you to respond .	you are like a neglected toddler who does n't understand positive attention from negative attention . get healthy , my dude .	are like	you	a toddler

1407	bahahahahahahaha ! the projection is real . hilarious . && there you go again .	your argument is literally " nuh - uh , you are ! " you are like a little baby . better call the government in to protect you .	are like	you	a little baby

1408	non - british redditors , what is one thing about british culture you would like to have explained to you ? && what 's with the pub per square kilometer density ? edit : sorry , square miles .	the pub is like a tiny town hall for anyone in walking distance . meet the locals and neighbors , but not so far off we ca nt stagger home	is like	the pub	a tiny town hall

1409	are you insinuating that some people post thoughts here that were n't thought of in a shower ! && i sing like a horse during the shower . no time for thoughts !	how do you know you sing like a horse ?	sing like	you	a horse

1410	and probably more range of emotion as groot than in fast and furious , to be fair . && why do you expect emotional depth in an action flick ?	actually there 's quite a lot . i was actually crying like a baby at the end of furious 7 .	crying like	i	a baby

1411	i 'm more confused at how this guy forgot a ball of rice was a thing . && what do you mean	i mean he acts like a ball of rice is some secret delicacy , it 's literally just a rice formed into a shape .	acts like	he	a ball of rice

1412	he did n't say starring role . he said you 'd be a character in a new show . && he also did n't say american television .	10 k an episode in a developing country ? sign me up . i 'd live like a king .	live like	i	a king

1413	i 'm sure in the military they did . && back in wwii ? that 's interesting - i 'm really wondering now what " soldier " language was like back then ...	yeah , my grandpa was a ww2 navy gunner , and well ... he cursed like a sailor .	cursed like	he	a sailor

1414	the snail is immortal though && keep an eye out for the single snail doggedly sludging it 's way across the salt flats . that 'd be the giveaway .	no , it would build a catapult and precisely snipe your face . edit : my brain hurts , trying to think like a super intelligent snail	think like	my brain	a super intelligent snail

1415	it 's called a cross - post and it 's sourced to the source website so calm your bike shorts && no it was a joke , i meant i stole it from op	these votes are like a pendulum .	are like	these votes	a pendulum

1416	except in the cases where it 's a club that <url> does n't like , in which case apparently all their fans are scum && there is n't a single club <url> likes .	yeah not sure why people act like anyone gets affection here . this place is like a cage with 700k dogs in it , everyone for themselves .	is like	this place	a cage

1417	so can anyone guess how many more people resign before the mueller probe reaches jr and kushner ? && i 'd imagine many right after jan 20th when a year is up and some benefits kick in .	i m so excited for the 20th . staff is going to hemorrhage like a stuck pig .	hemorrhage like	staff	a stuck pig

1418	yeah , call people that . it will get you far in life /s . && i 'll take advice from you because you have made it so far in life /s	he made it far enough to not have to make an alt account to cry like a snowflake .	cry like	alt account	a snowflake

1419	about to pull an all nighter , any tips on how to pull through even if i feel like death ? && coffee . lots and lots of coffee .	i actually wish coffee helps , i can still sleep like a pig after ! hahaha thank you though !	sleep like	i	a pig

1420	and women && men = mankind , not men as in the gender	i see you have n't seen the movie and do n't get the reference . you 're like a child that wanders into the middle of the movie and wants to know ...	're like	you	a child

1421	i 'm so sorry . i 'll never burn anyone again . upvote for you . && just think of all those who were unable to report back ... words are like bullets .	you 're like a bullet ! ! oh , sorry . force of habit .	're like	you	a bullet

1422	a close call at 1st base && playing in rizzo 's mind right now is simon and garfunkel 's " sound of silence . " somebody check on him , maybe he 'd like a hug .	i feel like rizzo 's resting face makes him look grumpy but as soon as someone interacts with him he 's like a puppy in pinstripes	's like	he	a puppy

1423	it 's probably this one - <url> && " i do n't believe in icons " - man who became super - rich as a pop culture icon .	he got rich because little children and idiots wanted to see him acting like a meth - addled chimp on their screens , and he knows it .	acting like	him	a meth - addled chimp

1424	maybe aliens would contact us if we stopped searching for them and started playing hard to get && we played hard to get for millenia	no , it was because our civilisation was like a child ; still too young and stupid to meet . i think we 've now progressed to teenagers .	was like	our civilisation	a child

1425	homemade melting chocolate mold and chocolate cage techniques on a strawberry and vanilla cake . && not gon na lie . looks like a trash can . i 'd still eat it though .	haha you 're right ! ca n't deny that hahaha i was thinking this would be a cool idea for a basketball cake too ! the chocolate cage could be like a net .	be like	the chocolate cage	a net

1426	no . we 're not having that talk anymore . hillary for the white house . && we are having that talk though , daily . she deserves prison .	the white house is like a prison .	is like	the white house	a prison

1427	i pray for that every day && as someone who clawed her way out of depression , i decided not to get back on oral contraceptives for fear of that side effect showing its ugly face .	when i stopped taking the pill , it was like a big black cloud lifted off me that i did n't even realise was there .	was like	i stopped taking the pill	a big black cloud lifted off me 

1428	you 're missing the bigger picture . this guy has likely unfortunately passed on his genes . && hey boy , next time you can direct your comments to me directly instead of hiding like a child .	complained i acted like a child , then proceeded to go through my post and comment history and make snarky replies to all of them .	acted like	i	a child

1429	how cute , your stutter from real life has made it into your internet tough guy personality . && fff - f - f - fake ! you really wanted it to be true , did n't you ? awww	are you unaware that acting like a petulant child to get your way stops working after the age of seven ?	acting like	you	a child

1430	there 's always two : a girl obsessed with horses , and a boy obsessed with trains . && i never met a boy obsessed with trains . now i 'm disappointed .	seriously , never ? i knew one in elementary school that would whistle and chug like a train and then run up on people .	chug like	a boy obsessed with trains	a train

1431	society influences business policy && you 're completely right - hence why my point still stands . how can op 's point have any real legitimacy when this is the case ?	a joke is like a frog . when you dissect it , it dies ( no credit to me )	is like	a joke	a frog

1432	what is a movie quote you could say where almost always 10/10 people will know where it is from ? && run forrest , ruuuunn ! !	life is like a box of chocolates , you never know what you 're going to get .	is like	life	a box of chocolates

1433	you have not unlocked this area yet . && most other countries do n't realize that the reason we americans are so large is to combat high winds .	but y' all would work like a sail and just take off	work like	y' all	a sail and just

1434	hey ! we had a girl who thought and did most of these things , except thinking she was a cat . whatta match they could 've been . && i pretended to be a cat when i was younger .	my 5 yr old daughter still acts like a cat sometimes . i 'm hoping she grows out of it sooner than later . but i try to let her do her thang	acts like	my 5 yr old daughter	a cat

1435	still the biggest there has ever been , these days . && if by that you mean " it 's gone " , yeah you 're right .	you 're like a chicken running around after it 's head 's been cut off : it also lacks the brains to know it 's all over .	're like	you	a chicken

1436	ahahahahahahaha x ∞ && name one time somthing was transported over a great distance without any emmisions what so ever ?	pyramids aliens used magic to move it from one location to another check and mate ! the rest of you theory should fall like a house of cards	fall like	theory	a house of cards

1437	i was hoping he 'd become at least a wee bit presidential . && he thinks that is what he 's doing now . yeah .	i 'm like a kid watching a train wreck in slow motion . i do n't want it to happen , i know it will , and i ca n't look away .	'm like	i	a kid

1438	almost as if he is a dwarf character && he 's mickey 's furry submissive	mickey is his servant and he gets to live like a dog i 'm not sure which end of that deal is the bad one	live like	he	a dog

1439	what are some meaningful songs that you think everyone needs to listen to ? && song for josh - frank turner . about losing a friend to depression , but only finding out once it 's too late to help .	thank you for this- i 've literally just bawled like a baby ! a beautiful song .	bawled like	i	a baby

1440	haircuts ? restaurants ? of ? huh ? && restaurant ads where they show you being treated as a king etc	saying that you will be treated like a king is n't the same as saying that if you pay $ 100 you 'll get a haircut , and then not offering the haircut .	treated like	you	a king

1441	which tv series provoked the biggest emotional response in you when it finished ? && hbo 's six feet under . last episode left me spellbound for a long time .	this . i too felt spellbound for a long time . it also made me bawl like a baby . very few shows do that . so few that i ca n't think of any others .	bawl like	me	a baby

1442	wait , so you 're defending vandalizing random people 's property in order to send a message ? && can you stop with the red herrings and straw men ? these rhetorical questions are boring .	using fancy words you see get thrown around on reddit does n't justify acting like a big baby when you do n't get your way . grow up kiddo	acting like	you	a baby

1443	because of the memes or legit ? && florida native here .. its crazy here and we are the center of the universe all the other states can suck it .	i just thought everyone came here from somewhere else ... you 're like a unicorn .	're like	you	a unicorn

1444	need you even ask ? ! && whenever i say this in real life , people get so mad . i just do n't understand the appeal !	my mom always said life was like a box of chocolates . you never know whatyou'regonna^get^ : ' (	was like	life	a box of chocolates

1445	trump is either thinking the corbomote maneuver , or he 's thinking patterns of force . && trump thinks ? that 's news to me .	he thinks , but it makes no sense and is all forgotten in the span of a few hours . he 's like a human goldfish .	's like	he	a human goldfish

1446	bernie does his job , i 'll give him a pass to take a few minutes to troll trump on twitter . && bickering on twitter is trump 's game . i 'd rather not stoop to his level .	not really bickering . bickering is more prolonged . this is like a pot shot , and it is extremely funny .	is like	bickering	a pot shot

1447	charles <url> wait you did n't ask who ca n't stand && he can stand though , but he has to sacrifice his powers	why did n't he use his psychic powers to make himself walk like a marionette ? he 's got enough power to lift himself and that giant yellow chair thing .	walk like	he	a marionette

1448	what 's a common saying that 's actually stupid when you think about it ? && " i slept like a baby " . so you woke up crying throughout the night ?	" i slept like a rock " rocks do n't sleep . they are n't living .	slept like	i	a rock

1449	nope . just comfortable && as a lady ... i strongly disagree , bras are not comfortable . i mean do you wear sport bras or wire bras ? t - shirt bras ? you must have a preference ?	sports or non wired . it 's like a hug	's like	sports or non wired	a hug

1450	what 's this reference to ? i 'm going out on a limb and guessing south park ? && u / monkeywithaspatula 's comment . as for the username , you may be correct for all i know lol	" a pirate without treasure is like a monkey without a spatula . "	is like	pirate without treasure	a monkey without a spatula

1451	his last thought before he hit the ground : " yeah ! i can fly ! " && would n't that make him " irony man " ?	irony man : his helmet has like a simile .	has like	his helmet	a simile

1452	you get to add ( 1 ) zero to any number in your life ? where would it be and why ? && life expectancy . making it to 600 might be pretty neat .	change it to years you get to spend being young and energetic so you 're not spending 500 years withering like a tree	withering like	you	a tree

1453	third comment and we 've got a trump reference . surprised i had to go this far down . && he 's an easy target , why should i pass up the opportunity ?	because all of the american media is already doing it on a daily basis ? a trump joke is like a participation trophy .	is like	a trump joke	a participation trophy

1454	deep blue sea you would have to be dead inside not to enjoy that film 5.8 on imdb - behave yourself && deepest , bluest , my head is like a sharks fin	i always thought it was " my hat is like a shark 's fin . " have n't heard it in forever , though .	is like	my hat	a shark 's fin

1455	for those unfamiliar with a p45 , it 's the details of employee leaving work tax form that is issued by an employer when terminating employment . && a.k.a " pink slip " as it 's know in the us	i thought a pink slip was like a deed to property like land or a car ? though , my knowledge of american culture comes from grand theft auto ...	was like	pink slip	a deed

1456	it was n't an accusation , it was a business proposition . && my place at 5 . bring some model trains and imitation crab meat . codeword is " furry " .	i thought the code word was train and i was supposed to bring a furry dressed like a crab ?	dressed like	i	a crab

1457	62 million wow in my nation denmark we are only 6 mill which is still a hella lotta peopsplse && america is big and beautiful and sort of stupid but we love it anyway .	we 're like a big dumb dog .	're like	we	a big dumb dog

1458	wu - tang could rap w/o a beat and still be flame && well i 'm messiah , i set the microphone on fiya . rap styles vary , and carry like mariah .	a game of chess , is like a sword fight .	is like	a game of chess	a sword fight

1459	well the paid shills are gone now . && wait , are we shill free now ? i can post again ? ! ? !	yes . it 's like a breath of fresh air to see organic discussion for the first time in a long time on this sub	's like	organic discussion	a breath of fresh air

1460	i do every other day , or when forgot to do it for more days . as for now it is more about getting it done rather than for pleasure && i do it to fall a sleep	clean up after is the worst , but you sleep like a baby .	sleep like	you	a baby

1461	cake or pie ? why ? && also is a cheesecake really a cake because i feel like it 's a pie that 's somehow convinced us it is n't one	i was just thinking about cheesecake as well . it 's like a wolf in sheep 's clothing , or skim milk .	's like	cheesecake	a wolf in sheep 's clothing

1462	reddit , what film got a really negative review that you actually really enjoyed ? && deep blue sea you would have to be dead inside not to enjoy that film 5.8 on imdb - behave yourself	deepest , bluest , my head is like a sharks fin	is like	my head	a sharks fin

1463	saturday night live writers woke up like : && as much as the political situation may suck for the next several years , political satire is going to be fantastic .	oh yes . more leslie jones shrieking like a baboon , more le current year man , more " daily show still sucks " . what a time to be alive .	shrieking like	leslie jones	a baboon

1464	were you listening to the dude 's story ? && what did i miss then ? it 's a while ago now , but i did understand the plot at the time . it was just dull .	you 're like a child who wanders into the middle of a movie and wants to know ...	're like	you	a child

1465	just the left people . && the distinction between left and right should be shared on this topic . why ca n't everyone respect earth 's needs .	because earth is like a harvest bounty given to man by god to be used and ruled over as he sees fit . ^^^/s	is like	earth	a harvest bounty

1466	i 'm cheering for one of your teams saturday . && i 'd say neither of <url> i really only care about one of the games .	even you ca n't be that mean to us this year ... we 're like a sad abandoned puppy right now ...	're like	we	a sad abandoned puppy

1467	what bothers you in music ? && i hate when rap music mangles words to make them fit . example : some awful cardi b song where she says , " textes from my exes . " textes ?	' when i see you i buzz like a hornet , billy shakespeare wrote a whole bunch of sornets ' len , " steal my sunshine "	buzz like	i	a hornet

1468	lol this is like arguing with a four year old . just ignore facts and common opinion because you feel stupid for something you said bud && facts ? kanye west is not good and that is a fact	fact : kanye has won 21 grammys . fact : you argue like a child .	argue like	you	a child

1469	i know , and i would like you to correct me where i 'm wrong . && yeah , i would like a different president . we do n't always get what we want .	you 're honestly acting like a child .	acting like	you	a child

1470	i 've always done it this way . is the subject supposed to pop out ? && yes try this one it 's easy <url>	i see the image , but it 's like a wall etched with the image . i figured that was the way everyone saw it .	's like	the subject	a wall

1471	and he picked her over jennifer aniston ? bizarroooo world && jennifer anniston is like , 50 now and she 's still better looking than most almost anyone i can think of . you dun goofed brad !	yes ! jennifer aniston aging like a fine wine . i can not say the same about angelina .	aging like	jennifer aniston	a fine wine

1472	must be a lotta leaf 's fans in the fortress today because there was so much cheering over the radio call i thought the knights had scored at first . && that 's every rink	we 're like a virus	're like	we	a virus

1473	what were you referring to then ? && i do n't know what it 's proper name is . the throttle ?	the throttle you push in to increase power . you generally do not push it down . it is like a lever , it is handheld .	is like	it	a lever

1474	guys of reddit , what is the greatest issue you have with the appearance of your body right now ? && height , but i 'm pretty happy with everything else	yeah being short is a real downer sometimes . 5'8 is like a slap in the face from my genetics .	is like	5'8	a slap in the face

1475	shipping container fort at a dockyard . && omg i thought the same thing , the only issue i came up with was breaking the asphalt for farming land to supplement the fishing .	would n't it be easier to find a truck and shovel dirt and then build like a garden box ?	build like	container fort	a box

1476	i like how formal the conversation was considering you had <url> open in an adjacent incognito tab . && you do n't need 2 hands to type like a gentlemen .	fair enough , but you might need two to fap like a beast .	fap like	you	a beast

1477	have you ever had a junior bacon cheese burger ? those things practically sell themselves . && not a fan personally , but i do like a frostee .	sometimes i lay awake at nights weeping like a child , remembering spicy nuggets .	weeping like	i	a child

1478	putting on a wetsuit && does n't matter how fit you are , you 're going to spend five to ten minutes looking like a sausage trying to squeeze back into its casing .	aw man , and when it tears the skin off your fingers and you yelp like a wounded puppy . no one looks cool doing that either	yelp like	you	a wounded puppy

1479	what was the taste like ? && eh , i 'd rather have filled myself up with in n out	obviously you do n't go to a michelin restaurant to fill yourself up to the point where you can roll like a ball out of the restaurant .	roll like	you	a ball

1480	interesting that you are identifying the alt - right as hateful , would you like to expand on that ? && sure , as soon as you follow up with my request first .	yeah , that 's what i thought . melted like a steel beam .	melted like	i	a steel beam

1481	let 's just hope none of the other justices die anytime soon . && if we have to weekend at bernies rbg for the next 3 and a half years , we will .	and you really only need 3 years with the mcconnell rule . that 's like a cup of coffee .	's like	mcconnell rule	a cup of coffee

1482	what 's your favorite quote of all time ? && " be decisive . right or wrong , make a decision . the road of life is paved with flat squirrels that could n't make a decision . "	" karate is like a road . yes karate , ok . no karate , ok . some karate ? splat ! " mr. miyagi	is like	karate	a road

1483	thank you for letting me know that your opinion is not worth considering . && likewise ! also , might be worth spending some time learning what ' objectively ' means .	your opinion is so bad it is objectively incorrect . are you the kind of dude that still eats like a child ?	eats like	you	a child

1484	no , pakistan created them . please learn some basic history . && no , not basic history sounds like basic blog , and you are wrong .	so you are just lying like a child now ...	lying like	you	a child

1485	i too would prefer prison to polonium . && idk , he s 70 and prison is n't going to be kind to him and he will die in prison . it might be the less worse option truthfully .	pretty sure white collar crimes prison for a 70 year old will be like a forced retirement home .	be like	white collar crimes prison	a forced retirement home

1486	ahh so the american equivalent of a fruit winder && in australia we call these roll ups	we have fruit roll - ups in the us as well - but those are like a sheet of paper . fbtf is like a ribbon . same stuff though .	is like	fbtf	a ribbon

1487	honest question : can nk actually hit a target ? i know they can shoot a rocket in a northeasterly direction , but what is their targeting capability ? && they can 100 % shoot it in a general direction .	guam seems a little hard to hit if you are still targeting like a v2 rocket .	targeting like	you	a v2 rocket

1488	what is some very popular advice that is actually terrible advice ? && " follow your dreams ! " not always , maybe the person just sucks at what they really want to do .	" taylor swift telling you to pursue a singing career is like a lottery winner telling you to sell all your assets to buy lottery tickets . "	is like	taylor swift telling you to pursue a singing career	a lottery winner telling you to sell all your assets to buy lottery tickets

1489	i do n't hate you . wait . are you responsible for the stairs that just are n't quite right ? that 's on my list of things that i hate . && responsible for being a big mess	gotcha . most of us are a big mess . depression is like a loud speaker for our messes .	is like	depression	a loud speaker

1490	how i became desensitized to everything && this makes me miss the internet pioneer days where everything seemed like an exploration into the unknown , probably that plus childlike wonder .	stileproject is like a box of chocolates , you never know what you are gon na get .	is like	stileproject	a box of chocolates

1491	with company getting hurt again , something tells me they would have actually paid the amount && we do n't rely on kompany whatsoever so , no .	his head is shaped like a baked bean like	shaped like	his head	a baked bean

1492	" billy shakespeare wrote a whole buncha sonnets " is in fact a lyric to said song . && and they somehow rhyme " sonnets " with " hornet "	when you take a sip you buzz like a hawnet billy shakespeare wrote a whole buncha sawnets	buzz like	you	a hawnet

1493	what other " walk(s ) of shame " exist ? && carrying out your personal belongings after being fired from a job .	ulpt : only decorate your workspace with disposable items . if you get fired , you could just stroll on out of there and disappear like a ghost .	disappear like	you	a ghost

1494	whoa whoa whoa ... tailspin bra . && tailspin is a safe 3rd or 4th . c&d rr is a masterpiece . ducktales is up there , gargoyles gets a mention cause gargoyles , goof troop was decent ...	life is like a hurricane ...	is like	life	a hurricane

1495	but then he 'll just come back for the next round after his leg is molested by an old asian guy . && do you wanna talk about it ?	off - kilter joke about the karate kid from the " sweep the leg " reference . it landed like a brick . that 's all .	landed like	it	a brick

1496	something similar like fast and furious 7 would be great . that was really well done . && wiz khalifa song plays as leia 's ship heads to unknown space .	man . i was sobbing like a baby after that . totally caught me off guard	sobbing like	i	a baby

1497	i fault her , she still had agency . && sometimes you lift the fault to let yourself move on . emotional debt wears on everyone regardless of whether you owe or are owed .	anger is like a hot coal . even if you throw it at someone , you 've still hurt yourself for as long as you 've held it .	is like	anger	a hot coal

1498	how has florida man not been arrested yet ? this guy is insane and dangerous . i want to know who protects him . && same with 4-chan	4chan is like a blackhole . it 's own gravity protects it .	is like	4chan	a blackhole

1499	some countries are racially and socially homogenous . korea and japan both objectively are . && idk about japan , but korea has lots of people with very different political views .	am korean , we are like a hive mind i swear .	are like	we	a hive mind

1500	you should n't use a goal as a direct result of him being a plug to try to dissuade the idea that he 's a plug . && rephrase that sentence for me .	he was able to score a goal because he acted like a plug and broke the rules . is that what you 're looking for ?	acted like	he	a plug

1501	i know , another redditor mentioned it as well && i know , i read their message and your reply . i just felt like reinforcing the knowledge you acquired .	it 's reinforced like a good trebuchet	reinforced like	knowledge you acquired	a trebuchet

1502	well . we are glad that you are n't from here either ... && no i am glad that i am from country which does not act like a tyrant	which country is that ? edit : is it possible for a country to act like a tyrant ?	act like	country	a tyrant

1503	ugh , that 's rent for a 4 or 5 bedroom house with a 3 car garage in a nice subdivision where i 'm from . && yes but you 'd be living where you are instead of civilization	yeah , i 'm sorry i live like a savage in a suburb of a 400,000 pop metro area .	live like	i	a savage

1504	which movie made you cry ? && cinema paradiso	i once watched that movie with a girl on our first date . i cried like a baby .... totally blew it with her ...	cried like	i	a baby

1505	netflix and black mirror . that 'll lead to discussion , and possibly troubled dreams . && depends entirely on the episode . san junipero is a beautiful love story .	i cried like a baby	cried like	i	a baby

1506	the pod racing and darth maul battle were the only redeeming factors of episode 1 for me . && the darth maul battle with duel of the fates is absolutely spectacular .	can confirm . watched it for the first time at 6 and when qui - gon died i cried like a little kid . wait a minute .	cried like	i	a little kid

1507	" turning the engine , it 's loud , but will run " you started the engine with no oil in it ? && i ran it for exactly one second	was your check engine light not flashing like a mad man after you kept driving onwards after the impact ? ? ?	flashing like	check engine light	a mad man 

1508	oh god look how fake bruce looks ... && war machines head and body in motion was just as bad in this scene , in my opinion	no you 're right , he was moving like a robot when he was looking for sam	moving like	he	a robot

1509	how is that controversial && i do n't know , lol . but from what i learned in reddit , hope they are against you so you can win . i think you are doing good in that perspective .	agreed with that statement . having r / soccer 's favors is like a curse . comes down to pragmatic football working better than exciting football .	is like	soccer 's favors	a curse

1510	non - americans : what american food do you just think is weird ? && slim jims	did you know if you take a rolling pin or an unopened soda can and rolling across a slim jim , it will pop like a zit ? kinda gross .	pop like	slim jim	a zit

1511	you do nt think a dairy farmer is the best choice to lead our nation 's intelligence committee in congress ? you must be part of the liberal deep state && you obstruct justice like a dairy farmer !	how appropriate ! you govern like a cow !	govern like	you	a cow

1512	trump disapprovers , what is one thing you like about him ? && whether you like him or not , you can not deny this was a savage moment .	eh . part of me says yes , part me always felt like he was acting like a put out child in that clip .	acting like	he	a put out child

1513	wait , i 've never heard of razer blade of having poor build quality . what 's wrong with them ? && they 're made by dell .	dell has good quality actually . i have a tower from them from late 2006 and it still runs like a well oiled clock .	runs like	tower	a well oiled clock

1514	crickets . i have really no good explanation for this && i think they sound pleasent	i do n't mind them from a distance and know they are outside . but if i hear them in my house , it is like a horror movie	is like	them in my house	a horror movie

1515	now where does rikki tikki tavi come from ? && i did not know what a mongoose was as a kid and imagined some weird stuff .	well , i do not know what a panthergram is and am imagining some weird stuff . it 's like a telegram , only , instead of a telegram you get a panther .	's like	panthergram	a telegram

1516	100 % correct , the pepsi / canada dry warehouses are hot during summer . ( used to work there ) && yall do n't even want to know how hot the amazon warehouses get ..	bet it 's like a jungle	's like	it	a jungle

1517	that s a stoned comment if i 've ever seen one . && never touched weed in my life funny enough . i just really like chocolate .	life is like a box of chocolates	is like	life	a box of chocolates

1518	what 's a simple thing that most people can do that you ca n't ? && imagine things visually . no brain pictures for me unless i 'm asleep .	do people think visually ? because my mind is like a on - going dialogue of thought . i do n't typically put pictures to it	is like	my mind	a on - going dialogue of thought

1519	me too .. then i tried adding a tiny bit of salt to it && cut in half , covered in salt and pepper , eaten out of the skin like a melon . nommmmm	my mouth just watered like a pavlovian dog . source : am californian	watered like	my mouth	a pavlovian dog

1520	i would not know that . i have not watched since about the twelfth season . i prefer to enjoy my simpsons . && i can watch seasons four through ten over and over . that 's enough .	exactly . it had a great run , now it 's like a head in a bell jar just receiving enough nutrients to flap its gums and make bubbles .	's like	simpsons	a head in a bell jar

1521	so she was wearing combat boots , a tutu , and mickey mouse ears ? && my mama talking to me try to tell me how to live ! !	but i do n't listen to her 'cause my head is like a sieve ! !	is like	my head	a sieve

1522	kasper dolberg has the talent to be a danish equivalent to zlatan ibrahimovic . && yeah , i know , but the thing is that i think we have to face the very real possibility that jefferson farfan is immortal .	farfan is like a cat he has 9 lives , has used 7 already tho	is like	farfan	a cat

1523	that makes me think about being a superhero called microwave who vomits radiation on evildoers . && " muahahaha , in 30 years , you will get skin cancer ! "	depends on how high energy . could be that , could be all of the liquid in their body vaporizing and them popping like a balloon .	popping like	them	a balloon

1524	what happened to neopets ? && the website still exists right ?	it does , i logged back in for the first time in a decade and it was like a ghost town could n't get any of the locations or games to work	was like	the website	a ghost town

1525	well it 's the only place where a debunked conspiracy theory can get traction ... && can we start calling the russia collusion debunked yet ? still see no proof .	not until the final report is issued by the special counsel . unlike the trump administration , mueller 's team does n't leak like a sieve .	leak like	mueller 's team	a sieve

1526	i still question why i find this so funny ... && <url> 's 4 am here and i just woke my s.o . up laughing like a hyena . thanks for that .	<url> 's 5 am here and i just woke my s.o . up laughing like a velociraptor . thanks for that .	laughing like	i	a velociraptor

1527	everyone will call me edgy , especially since this is on a depression sub . but three days grace is bomb and helps me && never heard of them , what genre ? and ill check em out	they are like a grunge rock band . their message is stuff like depression , addiction , stuff like that . all stuff i deal with	are like	they	a grunge rock band

1528	give gender options at the start of the game . && no , there would be way to much options	not being able to customize your character is lame , and a world with only two genders is like a night with only two stars .	is like	a world with only two genders	a night with only two stars 

1529	ted cruz is a single live human and not a collection of beings . && this is true . ted cruz fits a mold of a human being .	not well , though . kinda like a football inside of a jellyfish .	kinda like	ted cruz	a football inside of a jellyfish

1530	imagine some poor camera guy stumbling and ruining the entire shot . && this is mildly related <url>	the dude was shaking like a leaf in 45 mph wind before he dropped it ! if you have shaky hands why would you handle something priceless .	shaking like	the dude	a leaf

1531	ten minutes is an eternity on a treadmill and is nothing when you hit the snooze button . && 30 seconds is nothing . now stop everything , close your eyes and count to 30 .	time is like a construct , man .	is like	time	a construct

1532	mine will be original . i 'm dressing as forrest trump && they told him to run ... so he ran for president . this holloween ... gary oldman is forrest trump	" life is like a box of chocolates ... there were 1.5 million people at my inauguration . " -forest trump	is like	life	a box of chocolates

1533	that is what mods over at <url> are trying to do and it sucks because the subs they point to are empty and no one sees the posts . && <url> mods tried the same , basically killed some memes	they think a subreddit should be like a pc desktop with every topic in its little folder . that just spreads out or straight up kills the community .	be like	subreddit	a pc desktop

1534	coons used to get in our cars all the time . momma'd just sweep em ' off with a broom . && updoot for a forrest gump reference .	life is like a box of updoots .	is like	life	a box of updoots

1535	he should have heeded the warning then . && he 's like bart simpson looking at a sign that says " do not push button ! " .	except bart is 10 year old kid with a curious mind and trump is a 71 year old " man " who acts like a 10 year old kid .	acts like	trump	a 10 year old kid

1536	what is something important that we 've seem to have forgotten ? && receiving handwritten letters in the mail is way better than any social media notification .	you 've clearly never seen my handwriting . it 's like a drunken child trying to do hieroglyphics .	's like	my handwriting	a drunken child trying to do hieroglyphics

1537	is that what it 's called && i mean , a " 3d circle " could refer to a sphere , a cylinder , or a ring .	well i 'm like talking like a 3d square that has its edges rounded out	talking like	i	a 3d square

1538	what is the best type of gaming computer you 've used ? && the kind you build from scratch . highly recommend . it 's easier than it looks .	yeah it 's like a technology lego ... just add the parts it needs and poof it 's ready !	's like	the kind you build from scratch	a technology lego

1539	oh good maybe i 'll see it now && highly recommend it . be prepared to tear up .	i cried like a little baby	cried like	i	a baby

1540	opposites attract && and you know , it ai n't fiction . just a natural fact .	cuz i 'm dressed like a cat	dressed like	i	a cat

1541	what is reddit quick to judge ? && your sense of humor edit : especially if it 's dark	dark humor is like a child with terminal cancer : depressing	is like	dark humor	a child with terminal cancer

1542	new pink bike day is always best day && kudos - beautiful bike . any idea of the weight ?	thanks ! a little under 16 lbs with pedals . honestly a little disappointed but it rides like a dream	rides like	it	a dream

1543	the same screenwriters wrote both movies so that idea is probably baked into their writing of steve && yummmmm , baked	steve rodgers lookin like a snack	lookin like	steve rodgers	a snack

1544	i bet it 's hard going through life , being that uncreative . && i 'm an art major lol	oh , wow . that 's like a writer who ca n't read .	's like	being that uncreative	a writer who ca n't read

1545	paint it brown && but does it run on diesel ?	it 's a lexus , you could put anything in the gas tank and it 'll run like a champ	run like	it	a champ

1546	strunz ? && what permits strunz ?	these players are like a bottle empty !	are like	these players	a bottle

1547	non - americans of reddit : who is your country 's equivalent of tom hanks ? && gorrest fump	life is like a chock of boxlates	is like	life	a chock of boxlates

1548	well for all intensive purposes they banned themselves && you people are monsters .	if you behave like a monster , it means like you 're acting like one .	behave like	you	a monster

1549	well then you 'd better stop waving it around like a feather duster ! && you fight like a dairy farmer !	how appropriate , you fight like a cow	fight like	you	a cow

1550	quite the chainring . && guy martin 's rourke chainrings	oh man i want to read that but the site is like a mobile migraine	is like	the site	a mobile migraine

1551	i 'd be willing to bet most of them do n't even know who soros is . && what 's a soros ?	i think it 's like a dinosaur . you know , " hey look at that tyrannosoros . "	's like	soros	a dinosaur

1552	what non - scary movie scared you the most ? && the never ending story	the horse and quicksand made me sob like a baby	sob like	me	a baby

1553	that is precisely what they will do . && karma police ! arrest this man	he talks in maths . he buzzes like a fridge .	buzzes like	he	a fridge

1554	not penny 's boat . && the deaths of jin , sun , and sayid on that ship are up there as well .	a lot of the later years of lost we 're really bad , but sun and jin had me crying like a baby .	crying like	me	a baby

1555	why are there no cats on mars ? && the mars rover is like an ex - girlfriend - it 'll kill your cat .	the ex - girlfriend is like a cat - it 'll kill your mars rover .	is like	ex - girlfriend	a cat

1556	it 's like poetry , it rhymes && someone needs to keep r / prequelmemes ' memes leaking everywhere .	i see it more as a <url> reference , which leaks like a sieve	leaks like	it	a sieve

1557	i absolutely will not be sorry && i did my best(nsfw obvs )	i 'm thinking like a thick plastic . close , but no cigar .	thinking like	i	a thick plastic

1558	which tv series had the best final episode ? && 6 feet under	i cried like a baby	cried like	i	a baby

1559	i pulled a hunter2 on my sister && you guys censor yourselves when texting ?	she was using voice to text so it did that automatically . she curses like a sailor on meth being hurt by scurvy .	curses like	she	a sailor

1560	tfw you roll lootbox for glasses and all you get are cat lady glasses . && my glasses are polarized .	does that mean they work like a compass	work like	my glasses	a compass

1561	his cat - like face reflexes ! ! && they got him a chair !	his face is like a brick wall !	is like	his face	a brick wall

1562	let us separate in unity . && ignorance is strength .	an open mind is like a fortress with its gates unlocked and unbarred	is like	open mind	a fortress

1563	rainn wilson 's so dead . the funny guy always dies like ⅔ in . && ll cool j survived deep blue sea though .	yeah but that 's only because his hat is like a shark 's fin . rainn wilson 's not even wearing a hat .	is like	his hat	a shark 's fin

1564	do n't wok , run && run dmc	this chain is like a fever dream	is like	this chain	a fever dream

1565	what a killer photo . && right ? well framed , they did n't practically decapitate anybody !	these puns fit like a glove in this thread .	fit like	these puns	a glove

1566	i 'm holding you in contempt of <url> && call the karma police immediately	arrest this man ! he 's buzzing like a fridge	buzzing like	man	a fridge

1567	be fair , england used to ship them to another continent . && a sunny place with amazing beaches . try me .	only the outer edge is like that . it 's like a candy - coated cyanide pill .	's like	another continent	a candy

1568	if you say so princess && are you implying i 'm a girl as an insult ? creative .	more like you 're behaving like a spoiled child .	behaving like	you	a child

1569	hope it 's yerry mina && reasons i want yerry mina to join barça : fairly young , can score goals , has sick dance moves	also that he 's built like a tank with the speed of a ferrari	built like	he	a tank

1570	hey what exactly is there to report ? this person is being highly inflammatory and attacked me ... && go read champ .	boo - hoo hoo ... i hope you do n't cry yourself to sleep <url> you an <url> your acting like a child ...	acting like	you	a child

1571	is your friend me ? && i 'm sorry , does this happen often ?	all the time , had this girl also wright me a love letter about how her " heart is like a zoo " .	is like	heart	a zoo

1572	i would n't expect any less from rt 's internet bureau . && i find rt more credible than any western sponsored news outlets .	then you 're being played like a harpsichord .	played like	you	a harpsichord

1573	newton was right would make a less interesting title . && i would be pretty concerned about a bomb named " newton was right . "	. " little newton " covered in arcane mathematical symbols and shaped like a big green apple .	shaped like	" little newton "	a big green apple

1574	the audiobooks are very good . && i 'd go further , the audio books are excellent .	' i arose like a fleshy kraken '	arose like	i	a kraken

1575	what product or item do you associate with stupid people ? && fox news	fox news is like a guilty pleasure	is like	fox news	a guilty pleasure

1576	fight milk && by bodyguards , for bodyguards	i drink it every morning so i can fight like a crow	fight like	i	a crow

1577	what are some unexpected downsides to being fit you 've experienced ? && exertion induced insomnia .	how is that a thing ? when i exercise i sleep like a baby ...	sleep like	i	a baby

1578	what is the best opening song to a tv show ? && ducktales . it 's just so fun and catchy .	life is like a hurricane !	is like	life	a hurricane

1579	power cruiser , 10 horsepower . && i count 11 storm troopers .	he is like a spare tire )	is like	he	a spare tire

1580	they also do n't roar . they instead mew like a house cat && they chirp too !	my cat refuses to meow . he chirps like a bird .	chirps like	my cat	a bird

1581	they also mount the director , it 's all a power move && and then frank swoops in for the scraps .	you should see him feast , he 's like a mantis .	's like	he	a mantis

1582	i 've had a nosebleed for nearly 3 years straight . && that 's a lot of blood .	i 'm like a walking vampire fuel station	'm like	i	a vampire

1583	cop should have given him another one in the face && police violence is reserved for blacks and hispanics , do n't be silly .	or the mentally ill . the guy who animated ed edd and eddy was killed like a dog .	killed like	eddy	a dog

1584	it reminds me of forrest gump && run forrest run .	life is like a box of chocolates	is like	life	a box of chocolates

1585	inspiration can not be stolen , but otherwise you 're completely spot on . && semantics .	someone inspirating someone is like a candle lighting another candle , the original candle does n't lose anything from the process .	is like	someone inspirating someone	a candle lighting another candle

1586	jerry lewis , the original jim carrey . && with a hint of ali .	float like butterfly , sting like a beeeeeehiiiiiveeeeennfaaavin .	sting like	jerry lewis	a beeeeeehiiiiiveeeeennfaaavin

1587	like jvr ? && imo , jvr looked terrible vs boston . everyone was blaming gardiner but jvr and bozak were invisible vs the bruins .	i 'm guessing you did n't watch that series . polak was like a headless chicken out there .	was like	polak	a headless chicken

1588	but forest gump is a good guy . && trump as evil forest gump works a little too well ...	life is like a crate of tomahawk missiles ...	is like	life	a crate of tomahawk missiles

1589	what 's the best tv show theme song ? && duck tales is really good	life is like a hurricane	is like	life	a hurricane

1590	aaand i 'm done for the day . see you all tomorrow ! && let 's pack it up boys , it 's a wrap .	no , did n't you read the commend ? it was like a hot dog .	was like	commend	a hot dog

1591	eye'd keep an eye on her . && could n't see that one coming .	joke was like a sucker punch	was like	joke	a sucker punch

1592	scott sterling ! && that man can survive any ball !	his face is like a brick wall !	is like	his face	a brick wall

1593	what is the one song that makes you the saddest and that you can relate to ? && hallelujah by jeff buckley	i have this song associated with many memories and it gets me bawling like a baby	bawling like	me	a baby

1594	against all odds , scott sterling has returned to the field . && the man the myth the legend	his face is like a brick wall ! a brick wall that can feel <url> cries a lot !	is like	his face	a brick wall

1595	this reads like a slam poem && slam poetry : rap for people who ca n't keep a beat or rhyme .	anger bubbling , like a pot , gettin ' hot , gon na explode like a bomb in a toad .	explode like	anger	a bomb

1596	when did you understand the correct way to interface with other people in general ? && when i was like 1 , dude	is crying like a baby still working for you ?	crying like	you	a baby

1597	what company will die off with the baby boomers ? && branson .	wrong . branson is booming . it 's like a mutating virus . it keeps growing and growing and never good .	's like	branson	a mutating virus

1598	fill up your bag and i fill up a plate && put van the man on the jukebox	we push and pull like a magnet do	pull like	we	a magnet

1599	i actually do genuinely like that theme song though && me too , love it .	and it rings true life is like a hurricane	is like	life	a hurricane

1600	the biggest problem was that they where still focusing on things that where not relevant months l8ter && just why ?	> surprised they type like a fourteen year old	type like	they	a old

1601	you sunk my battleship ! && touchdown !	if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate .	fall like	dominoes	a house

1602	<url> comcast of water . && throttling your hydrobandwidth .	well the internet is like a series of tubes .	is like	the internet	a series of tubes

1603	at one point , over 45 . your line of argument is weak , though . && you should donate to his runoff campaign !	thanks , i think i will . you are like a bot almost with your copy and paste comments .	are like	you	a bot

1604	oh , he 's dead then . i knew it . && will they hold lots of memories of you ?	their tears will fall like a late monsoon on the parched earth .	fall like	their tears	a late monsoon

1605	everytime this gets posted an angel gets its wings . && there 's enough repost to make angel wings .	has anyone ever commented that this comment section is like a game of tag ?	is like	this comment section	a game of tag

1606	his nautical nonsense be somthin ' ye wish && sponge bob square pants	then drop on the deck and flop like a fish	flop like	sponge bob square pants	a fish

1607	it 's blood light ! && hey that 's downy soft	that was like a big ball of cotton !	was like	blood light	a big ball of cotton

1608	that 's how i got my super deformity :0 && we were wondering about the tail .	he 'd be worshipped like a god in the furry community .	worshipped like	he	a god

1609	it looks like he 's demonstrating his moshing techniques && berzerker !	my love for you is like a truck .	is like	my love for you	a truck

1610	best player on the pitch though . && clearly hazard was better imo ( biased obviously )	agreed , hazard was like a machine .	was like	hazard	a machine

1611	scott sterling && when the apocalypse comes i want a bunker made from that man 's face !	his face is like a brick wall !	is like	his face	a brick wall

1612	omg she 's a detroiter who likes the pens . && i have layers	you 're like a layer dip , but the layers are lutefisk , stinky cheese , headcheese , tripe , and century eggs .	're like	you	a layer dip

1613	sounds like my kinda place of worship && take me to church !	i 'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies	worship like	i	a dog

1614	on my phone , sorry . pee * into his drink cup . && ok that makes more sense lol	haha . would be just as weird if she made him purr like a cat into a cup .	purr like	him	a cat into a

1615	let 's split him in 3 && sounds hot .	split him open like a coconut	open like	him	a coconut

1616	yes , yes . take him away boys . && to the laundry brig	if we hit that bullseye the rest of the dominos will fall like a house of cards , checkmate .	fall like	dominos	a house

1617	lukaku is so much better than morata . && has been all season , no real surprise today .	morata just looks upset when people do n't let him play . he plays like a spoilt kid .	plays like	he	a spoilt kid

1618	the raccoon ate the lions . && its jaw unhinged like a snake and it ate it whole . it was truly awe inspiring .	" it was horrifying , your mouth unhinged like a snake " " wow that sounds pretty awesome "	unhinged like	your mouth	a snake

1619	you have been banned from <url> && ' when playing chess it 's imperative you never let your opponent see your pieces ' zap	" their dominos will fall like a house of cards , checkmate . "	fall like	dominos	a house

1620	that was him " negotiating " . && art of the deal .	he was read like a book .	read like	he	a book

1621	the sounds like how daft punk got their name . && and led zepplin	it 'll sink like a lead balloon . who said that ? pete townshend ? also zeppelin *	sink like	it	a lead balloon

1622	i leik dis && how is matuidi doing for you ?	dependable . moves fast and closed the gap quick . also tireless , he 's like a horse .	's like	he	a horse

1623	besides logan paul , what are some examples of celebrities killing their careers ? && kurt cobain .	his career died like a shotgun blast to the face . instantly .	died like	his career	a shotgun blast to the face

1624	mail me some ? && probably wo n't be very good by the time it gets to you ....	it 's cold out . it 's like a fridge .	's like	it	a fridge

1625	not sure but we know who did n't come at all . && you never know . maybe some people get off to seizures .	all that shaking , it 's like a vibrating fleshlight .	's like	some people get off to seizures	a vibrating fleshlight

1626	cockring or grenade launcher ? && are you making a shopping list op	maybe , i 'm like a unethical santa clause .	'm like	i	a unethical santa clause

1627	do you think social media is ' evil ' and if so , why ? && not really . its people that are evil .	but social media is like a stage for people to be ' evil ' on . maybe that 's what op meant .	is like	social media	a stage

1628	oh that reminds me . is baywatch out yet for rent ! ? && it is ! source : work at a rental place	you 're like a unicorn !	're like	you	a unicorn

1629	any given wrong justifies every wrong ... what a life philosophy . && not understanding actions have consequences , what a life philosophy	so russia is acting like a white knight to right america 's past wrongs against other countries ... that 's your view ?	acting like	russia	a white knight

1630	<url> invited all friends && i always just dig a 3 deep hole and plug the top . peak of efficiency !	lol so it 's like a standing coffin ? that 's quite inventive	's like	3 deep hole	a coffin

1631	he implied women were marching to celebrate him rather than protest him . that was wrong && it is called trolling .	when did it become okay for potus to act like a troll ?	act like	potus	a troll

1632	the legend && scott sterling	that man 's face is like a brick wall ! a brick wall that feels pain and cries a lot ! !	is like	that man 's face	a brick wall

1633	how can i stop eating so loudly ? && close the mouth .	thank you for that , but my mouth is sealed like a vault when i eat	sealed like	my mouth	a vault

1634	women , what is n't nearly as hot/ attractive as many men think ? && talking like a baby .	i keep seeing this , i 've never met a guy who talks like a baby , only women ...	talks like	guy	a baby

1635	like a treasure from a sunken pirate wreck && scrub the deck and make it look shiny	i will sparkle like a wealthy women 's neck	sparkle like	i	a wealthy women 's neck

1636	not right now , but i shared this account password with her and the other famous emmas too . && which emma posted which comment ?	who knows ? we 're like a hivemind at this point .	're like	we	a hivemind

1637	perfectly rolled joint . && looks like a rolling machine joint .	i can show a gif of me rolling joints , they all are identical to that , guess i roll like a machine ?	roll like	i	a machine

1638	if nautical nonsense be something you wish && spongebob squarepants	then drop on the deck and flop like a fish	flop like	spongebob squarepants	a fish

1639	no human is going to inhale as hard as a shopvac lolols love the ending && you 've never seen me take a grav	that 's cause it 's like a syringe and does all the work for you , essentially pushing it in	's like	it	a syringe

1640	i like turtles . && oh hey jonathan	why is that kid dressed like a zombie ?	dressed like	that kid	a zombie

1641	what 's the happiest fact you know ? && this too shall pass .	it might pass like a kidney stone but it 'll pass .	pass like	this	a stone

1642	you keep treating equal and ' same ' like they mean the same thing . && when it comes to opportunities it is	you 're like a brick wall . have you ever been a teenage boy ?	're like	you	a wall

1643	yes and no . there 's the fig tree thing . && wow ! he cursed a fig tree , how terrible .	he acted like a petulant child , not the messiah .	acted like	he	a petulant child

1644	what character did n't deserve what they got ? && forrest gump .	his life was like a box of chocolates , he never knew what he was gon na get .	was like	his life	a box of chocolates

1645	reddit , what is your favourite animated movie ? && the iron giant	definitely . i m a 44 year old guy but i still cry like a kid through at the last 10 minutes .	cry like	i	a kid through at

1646	what food is delicious but a pain to eat ? && i 'd say crab is a top contender	i think the task of getting the meat out is kind of fun . it 's like a puzzle with your dinner .	's like	getting the meat out	a puzzle with your dinner

1647	what 's the least offensive insult you can come up with ? && you handwriting is like a doctor 's .	your existance is like a doctor 's handwriting .	is like	your existance	a doctor 's handwriting

1648	if nautical nonsense be something you wish && spongebob squarepants !	then drop on the deck and flop like a fish	flop like	spongebob squarepants	a fish

1649	joey is that you ? && phoebe ?	sigh . your love is like a giant pigeon , crapping on my heart .	is like	your love	a giant pigeon

1650	what fact are you tired of explaining to people ? && africa is not a country	and florida is not the country shaped like a boot .	shaped like	the country	a boot

1651	this photo is shady . lamp shady . && will the real lamp shady please stand up ?	i 'm like a headlamp to listen to .	'm like	i	a headlamp

1652	got lost ? && the night is dark , and full of calories .	the night is like a box of chocolate ..	is like	the night	a box of chocolate

1653	in awe of the size of the lad . && he 's no keith tkachuk though	tkachuk is still built like a tank	built like	tkachuk	a tank

1654	i sure hope we do ! && germany is already viewed as " how country should look like " by lithuanians .	then we better not disappoint you . it 's your founding document , it should n't be sold like a cow .	sold like	founding document	a cow

1655	the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise && <url> is leaking	<url> is like a sieve	is like	tragedy	a sieve

1656	this year was something else though tbf . && i was scared by the big ball of fire in the sky . missed my grey sky	grey sky is like a protective blanket ....	is like	grey sky	a blanket

1657	no that 's not what happened lol && i 'm sure you 're an expert on the subject	what makes him an expert and not me lmao the guy acted like a bell end , that 's all that happened	acted like	the guy	a bell end

1658	[ serious ] what song do you listen to / movie do you watch when you need a good cry ? && somewhere over the rainbow	this video just made me ball like a baby , and i really dislike potatosheeran .	ball like	me	a baby

1659	as an engineer , get back to work . && as a fat guy , can i have those cookies ?	as a chemist , you are acting like a boron .	acting like	you	a boron

1660	what tv show has the best intro ? && duck tales !	life is like a hurricane , here in duckburg ,	is like	life	a hurricane

1661	he knows what he did . && you say steady to me again , you 'll be on the first plane back	you should be like a sponge , <person> .	be like	you	a sponge

1662	i hope she had the time of her life . && its something unpredictable but in the end is right	their relationship was like a ferris wheel , like its breaking down	was like	their relationship	a ferris wheel

1663	blue ridge mountains , shenandoah river ... && life is old there , older than the trees ...	younger than the mountains , blowing like a breeze ...	blowing like	life	a breeze

1664	have you seen the dear leader ? he definitely knows his way around a cookie . && he does n't go around any cookies .	he is like a monster who loves cookies . this is my greatest fear .	is like	he	a monster

1665	a good backpack . one that does n't rip or make your shoulders ache && any recommendations ?	i have an oakley backpack . built like a tank and looks good too imo .	built like	an oakley backpack	a tank

1666	my cat does n't sit in boxes nor does catnip do anything to him can i have a refund ? && try valerian or silver vine	yep valerian it is . all of my cats ignore catnip , but valerian is like a drug for them .	is like	valerian	a drug for them

1667	sleep is perceptual time travel . && death sends you to the end of an eternal universe .	death is like a candle flame that gets blown out . it does n't go anywhere , it 's just simply gone .	is like	death	a candle flame

1668	then buy a bicycle and use it more than your car . && this is my secret !	190 km a week , still built like a racing snake . nil calves .	built like	bicycle	a snake

1669	cha - ching && how much money can you actually make at cleveland	30 million in cleveland you would live like a king	live like	you	a king

1670	also , transistor . && definitely . i loved bastion , but the aesthetic and music of transistor blew me away .	it also made me cry like a little baby	cry like	me	a baby

1671	then why are n't we banning people from the muslim country , saudi arabia ? && so it is no muslim ban .	this gets dizzying like a merry - go - round but this does n't seem too merry .	dizzying like	muslim ban	a merry - go - round

1672	username something something . && oh how clever , pleb .	you 're like a neck beard soundboard . i respect your role sir neck beard . troll on	're like	you	a neck beard soundboard

1673	people defying supreme leader may && because she 's so strong and stable	yep , she 's like a broken record .	's like	she	a  broken record

1674	texas is huge ! && it 's funny until you drive across .	i thought kansas was bad , but no . texas is like a hamster wheel .	is like	texas	a hamster wheel

1675	you sound like a milk wasting scoundrel ! && you imperial milk drinker	how appropriate ! you fight like a cow .	fight like	you	a cow

1676	you are thinking of helen keller . && i did n't read the book , how were her pinball skills ?	she played a mean pinball . she stood like a statue and became part of the machine .	stood like	she	a statue 

1677	one who only exists as a redditor looking for karma && where 's the karma police ?	arrest this man he talks in maths he buzzes like a fridge he 's like a detuned radio	's like	he	a radio

1678	what about truckuary and trarch ? && truckuary truckaruary truckarch truckpril truckay truckune truckly truckgust trucktember trucktober truckvember truckcember	you 're like a username generator	're like	you	a username generator

1679	those were the canaanites . you know a canaanite ? && who came before the canaanites ? also i am a canaanite	nobody knows wow ! you should def go to the media with this . you re like a living otzi the iceman !	re like	you	a living otzi

1680	had to pee && were you able to get back in bed after ?	it was close enough to the time i had to get up anyway , my bladder is like a preemptive alarm clock	is like	my bladder	a preemptive alarm clock

1681	we have all dressed ruffles in america . && legit ? people usually do nt have a clue what i m talking about .	legit . i 've never had them . it 's like a mish mosh of bbq and salt & vinegar , right ?	's like	ruffles	a mish mosh of bbq and salt & vinegar

1682	give them instructions through the incredibly thick steel ? haha alright && morse code .	you should invent time travel and go back and tell them . you 're like a god!!11!1	're like	you	a god

1683	if nautical nonsense be something you wish ? ! && spongebob squarepants	then drop on the deck and flop like a fish !	flop like	spongebob squarepants	a fish

1684	i just do n't pine for your cones anymore . && why is that so ? you 're leaving me quite stumped .	honey , you have been acting like a real birch lately ...	acting like	you	a birch

1685	you 're talking about this : <url> && we could just point the front of the ship away from the system when we arrive	or just take like a minute to " decelerate " so instead of a shotgun you shine like a beacon for a minute .	shine like	you	a beacon

1686	can comey even comment at all on an ongoing investigation ? && comey no longer works for the government . if congress asks him a question , can he refuse to answer now - without being in contempt ?	no , congress can compel one to testify with the full force of law , every bit as serious as a grand jury .	as serious as	every bit	a grand jury

1687	a whole country backing with oil money earned from corruption and slavery ? && are n't barca and real sponsored by qatar airways and fly emirates ?	i do n't think sponsoring is the same as owning a club as a pet project , nor do i like what the majority of cash injection clubs do to begin with	as	a club	a pet project

1688	banned ? i can still get rock star vodkas at the liquor store . && pretty sure the rock star vodkas have no taurine in them .	lol you know taurine is as close to a stimulant as a piece of chicken right ?	as close to a stimulant as	taurine	a piece of chicken

1689	are unsubstantiated links illegal ? i 've watched colbert and john oliver ... && much higher quality of research and reporting then anything of faux	just an fyi , faux is pronounced as fo . when you use it as a stand in for fox you sound like a moron .	sound like	you	a moron

1690	yeah i was n't going to go anway . i hate your mother 's " ambrosia " anyway . and i hate this family . && but uncle england is bringing brexit bread .	do we have to invite him ? he 's so dry and as much fun as a butter knife . how about cousin scotland or australia ?	as much fun as	he	a butter knife

1691	it 's apparently very contagious ! be careful though , you may develop endless cravings for maple syrup && never ! its horrid , i despise it .	oo do n't tell border security <url> pretty sure that 's as important as a passport at our doors	as important as	maple syrup	a passport at our doors

1692	there is no possible way they have the budget to turn it into a tv show && game of thrones says ' hello ' , so does westworld .	you obviously have n't read invincible if you think it would be as cheap to film as a fantasy or a western .	as cheap to film as	he	a fantasy

1693	no , here is the story . <url> && do you think there would be charges if someone picked up the gun and fired it ?	maybe . are you suggesting that having someone pick it up and firing it is what made the difference , as opposed to his status as a cop ?	as opposed to his status as	you	a cop

1694	you must not be very good with money . && i like comments that apply rather than ones that do not .	well then you are in the wrong sub . wtf is wrong with this place ? it 's about as canadian as a texas .	as canadian as	this place	a texas

1695	effective gun laws maybe ? && specifically .	closing the gun show loophole ( buying an assault rifle as easy as a box of tic - tacs with no backround check ) would be a nice start .	as easy as	an assault rifle	a box of tic - tacs

1696	nah i just love my dogs . && human life > animal life	i 'd save my dog over you given the choice , my dogs life is worth as much to me as a member of my family . my dog is a member of my family	as much to me as	my dogs	my family

1697	here in colorado , we also have monsoon season && really ? i thought monsoons were just hurricanes in a different part of the world . learn something new everyday i guess .	i think you 're thinking of typhoon as the same as a hurricane . a monsoon is the rainy season	as the same as	typhoon	a hurricane

1698	yeah , its spoken by a frenchman in the holy grail , but portrayed by an english actor in an english film && you must be fun at parties /s no one likes to know it all .	not sure if you made the typo as bait or as a simple typo ...	as bait or as	he	a typo

1699	did he say polish death camps ? && he said that poland as a nation enabled hitler 's genocide to occur . it 's an obvious lie as poland did n't de facto exist at that time .	poland was about as much an enabler to the holocaust as a corpse is an enabler to worms infesting it .	as	poland was about as much an enabler to the holocaust	a corpse is an enabler to worms infesting it

1700	that 's not the same thing at all . someone choosing to follow their dreams and someone eating a burger is equatable ? && yes , because both big macs and flight attendant jobs are available every day .	if you think it 's as easy to get a big mac as it is to get a job as a flight attendant i honestly do n't know what to say	as	a big mac	a job as a flight attendant

1701	well , sir , there 's nothin' on earth like a genuine bona - fide electrified six - car monorail ! && i hear those things are awfully loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud	as softly as	a genuine bona - fide electrified six - car monorail	a cloud

1702	not on their own but they can if it is part of your wish , which luckily enough you left open to loophole abuse . && yeah but the genie is now subjected to eternal torture	true but you never defined how intense the torture was , it could be as subtle as a tiny nagging in the back of his head .	as subtle as	the torture	a tiny nagging in the back of his head

1703	what does this have to do with europe ? && can we have this comment from a swede , french , german or polish , etc . instead of a romanian ? thank you .	what a stupid comment . romanians are just as european as a pole , plus you 're not in a place to judge who is a real european or not	as european as	i	a pole

1704	that is a very nice and welcome development . how many will follow . && none of the ones that need to ....	the problem is not the terrorists . it 's the the ones that sit and watch . a bystander is just as guilty as a bully .	as guilty as	i	a bully

1705	because we czechs and slovaks love each others and are brothers / sisters . && the first part is much more important than the second part , as yugoslavia proved ...	slovenia seceded from yugoslavia with very little armed conflict . bosnia and kosovo were as much an ethnic / religious struggle as a political one .	as much an ethnic / religious struggle as	i	a political one

1706	you 're kidding , right ? && no , i have no idea what you want me to name . humans ? i already named them lol	i 'm challenging you to name one of those things that you listed as existing as a dominant trait of a species . none of them do .	as existing as	i	a trait

1707	nah , made a comment about peanutbutter and banana sandwiches a while back and i got like 50 replies saying peanutbutter and mayo is better . && never heard of that .	i 'm guessing its a european thing , mostly cause i 'm about as culturally educated as a brick for those regions .	as culturally educated as	i	a brick

1708	you should watch side angled camera view replay . it was clear && if you have to watch 3 camera angles to get a clearer view of what might be a touch , it 's not clear .	you have to see as sideline ref view . not as a tv viewer . a ref is there to make that difference .	you	ref	ref

1709	no it 's the stupid tweet planned parenthood made that only served to worsen their image . edit : <url> && if only idiotic tweets actually meant everyone could condemn the idiotic tweeter . /trump	nothing trump tweets will ever be as idiotic as a disney princess getting an abortion	as idiotic as	trump tweets	a disney princess getting an abortion

1710	82 checking in . lite brite as a kid , web developer as a teen . && my micro - generation is the weirdest hybrid yet . <url>	not only are we gen - x the first cool generation , we 're rare like unicorns	like	we gen - x	unicorns

1711	i 'm sure you can get paper and packing tape from anywhere and they 'll accept that && i was asking about the knives not the packing material .	oh wow i am as dumb as a brick	as dumb as	i	a brick

1712	mike pence 's aol account at that ! && which was compromised .	a secure aol account is as rare as a unicorn	as rare as	a secure aol account	a unicorn

1713	what have the social justice warriors in your area been upto ? && rightwing snowflakes have been trying to label them	hey look , a triggered leftist . they are just as rare as a raindrop in a rainstorm .	as rare as	a triggered leftist	a raindrop in a rainstorm

1714	princess ruto in ocarina of time . literally useless . && that 's not true . she can hold down buttons .	so , you 're saying she 's as useful as a rock ?	as useful as	princess ruto	a rock

1715	cops are people . they all have a price . && honourable people do n't have a pricetag .	honor has been fading from local law enforcement as quick as a private prison filling up .	as quick as	honor has been fading from local law enforcement	a private prison filling up

1716	what is the most quotable and funny line from south park ? && as is tradition	she rubs the pudding on her face , as beautiful as a butterfly	as beautiful as	she	a butterfly

1717	nah , let 's just eat the rich . && then who would pay for everything ?	i 'm being snarky you dumbass since your suggestion is as useful as a paper mallet .	as useful as	your suggestion	a paper mallet

1718	well he 's alive and voted for trump ... && how old is he ?	95 and as healthy as a horse	as healthy as	he	a horse

1719	that boy needs therapy && what does that mean ?	he 's as crazy as a coconut	as crazy as	he	a coconut

1720	the truth ? that he has an obvious personality disorder ? && we could go on and on it 's no longer worth it	on and on ? you wrote one comment to me that was as clear as a muddy pond .	as clear as	comment	a muddy pond

1721	monorail . && i hear those things are awfully loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

1722	what 's your point ? people live , people die . && do you really not know the point , you moron ?	celebrities are about as worthless as a hole in my head . i give a shiiiiiiit .	as worthless as	celebrities	a hole in my head

1723	gl yourself against mordor && mate , we played stoke last saturday .	the way i see it , stoke are as innocent as a newborn kitten compared to rm	as innocent as	stoke	a newborn kitten

1724	it 's not your fault , their monorails really put them on the map && i hear those things are awfully loud .	they glide as softly as a cloud	as softly as	monorails	a cloud

1725	antonio scarpacci on wings && and the big faced woman . casey was a horrible addition , though . antonio was awesome .	it was as big as a stop sign !	as big as	face	a stop sign

1726	what deep topic do you wish would come up in conversation more for you to discuss ? && my love life	i said deep ! that 's as deep as a puddle !	as deep as	deep topic	a puddle

1727	what would it take for you to chop off your pinkie ? && a mildly sharp knife , at least i would assume	you can bite off your pinky as easily as a carrot	as easily as	your pinky	a carrot

1728	what old insults need to make a comeback ? && you fight like a dairy farmer !	you 're as appealing as a monkey in a negligee !	as appealing as	you	a monkey in a negligee

1729	and i would like to see obama 's college transcripts ... && are you actually out of your mind	makes about as much sense as a real estate deal that went down 10 years ago . proves nothing ...	as much sense as	obama 's college transcripts	a real estate deal that went down 10 years ago

1730	fire vs ice , who would win and why ? && we already went through this , it 's ice .	what if the fire was as hot as a sun ?	as hot as	fire	a sun

1731	northern north korea && ah yes , of course , a very distinct and subtle accent that one is	subtle ? it 's about as subtle as a bull in a chinashop .	as subtle as	accent	a bull in a chinashop

1732	monorail . that 's right ! && monorail ! monorail ! monorail ! i hear those things are awfully loud	it glides as softly as a cloud	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

1733	everyone likes their ringtone untill it goes off in public && does anyone actually not keep their phone on vibrate ? loud ringtones are unnecessary	my phone 's vibration is so loud it 's often as loud as a ringtone	as loud as	my phone 's vibration	a ringtone

1734	my friend loves monorails . his greatest wish is to drive one . && i hear those things are awfully loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud .	as softly as	monorails	a cloud

1735	hairy maclary from donaldson 's dairy ? && and that one too !	hercules morse as big as a horse !	as big as	hercules morse	a horse

1736	just childhood things . && probably never . she was clearly gay .	i think they made the gay thing as clear as a mid-90s tv show could .	as clear as	the gay thing	a mid-90s tv show

1737	we 're still together . && yikes , sucks to be that dude .	nah not really . i 'm transforming . i 'm gon na be as pure as a kitten	as pure as	i	a kitten

1738	ac on full blast today && i remember those days , my 76 ford f250 with windows down . and it was just 110 f .	at that temperature those wing windows are about as useful as a hairdryer .	as useful as	wing windows	a hairdryer

1739	well in that case , she 's wrong . && well there is no way to tell , is there ?	i 've never broken a bone before , so should i also assume papercuts are just as painful as a broken arm ?	as painful as	papercuts	a broken arm

1740	here is the actually funny version . loud = funny && what 's funny about this ?	it 's about as funny as a sinking school bus .	as funny as	loud = funny	a sinking school bus

1741	the pink one , bottom right . && i mean you rounded up on pink , that 's frosty the snowman blushing at best	i mean , being that pasty and from wisconsin he 'll probably be as red as a lobster within the hour .	as red as	he	a lobster

1742	stay in school kids , or you 'll end up in team rainbow rocket . && make like a tree , and get outta here .	that 's about as funny as a screen door on a battleship .	as funny as	make like a tree , and get outta here	a screen door on a battleship

1743	the trend of boston having the least knowledgeable fans in sports continues here today && says the florida hockey fan	that 's as original as a 2012 pop song	as original as	boston having the least knowledgeable fans in sports	a 2012 pop song

1744	whistles a tune while merrily walking away && he whistles the " quiet mountain town " song , just fyi .	i choose to believe he whistles shpadoinkle day . because the heart 's as full as a baked potato .	as full as	the heart	a baked potato

1745	what 's an obscure reference that only a handful of people will get ? && schpdoinkle !	the suns as warm as a baked potatah	as warm as	the suns	a baked potatah

1746	how fast do you think the earth spins ? lol && pretty fast tbh . we 're just massive	maybe the moon is really close but only as big as a potato	as big as	the moon	a potato

1747	can i see her ? && sorry that took so long i had to make an imgur album . <url>	why would anyone downvote that ? she 's as cute as a button !	as cute as	she	a button

1748	not on your life , my hindu friend . && i hear those things are awfully loud ?	it glides as softly as a cloud !	as softly as	those things	a cloud

1749	what job exists because we are stupid ? && at the airport , especially ... the people whose job it is to make sure you got into the right line . just in case the 23 signs were n't enough .	this often depends on the airport . some airports are so well sign - posted that they 're near intuitive to operate in . while many others are like a maze .	are like	many others	a maze

1750	what are some things that the kids today will never be able to understand ? && blowing into n64 cartridges and slamming them into the console because that 's how you made electronics work back then .	also , the n64 was built like a tank . consoles are just so fragile now .	built like	n64	a tank

1751	i guess having an opinion is wrong . && saying someone does n't sound human because they do n't have an american accent certainly is .	i 'm not american . and having no inflection when you talk is creepy . it does n't matter if you are foreign or not . speaking like a robot is weird .	speaking like	you	a robot is weird

1752	cilantro . && i love it , but apparently you cilantro critics think it tastes like soap ?	imagine taking a bar of soap to a cheese grater , that 's what it tastes like to add cilantro to me . each flake of soap is like a leaf of cilantro	is like	each flake of soap	a leaf of cilantro

1753	thank you . you are one of the only people not to have tested my sanity . && i do n't need to because we 're on the same level of sanity .	... low levels ? mine is like a thermometer in the freezing cold of space .	is like	my sanity	a thermometer in the freezing cold of space

1754	what is a movie you 've watched in its entirety more than 10 times ? && lord of the rings fellowship of the ring . it 's always been my favorite one .	i think we just became best friends , this is my answer too . it was like a gateway drug into a beautiful fantasy world .	was like	fellowship of the ring	a gateway drug

1755	how many divorced men does it take to change a light bulb ? && divorced man here . i kept the house and the dog . and it was an amicable divorce . i guess i won .	dude you 're like a leprechaun riding a unicorn .	're like	you	a leprechaun

1756	yeah , social anxiety and all . i remember the video coming out on the music television channel . && social anxiety ? try blowing your brains out in front of your class because you were bullied .	little kids brain popped like a water balloon ...	popped like	little kids brain	a water balloon

1757	you mean : pulling out ? && pulling out pushing out pretty much the same thing . we would pop like a balloon . and that 's gon na leave a mark ...	why would we pop like a balloon ? it 's not like after the distance between galaxies goes above a set distance it explodes ?	pop like	we	a balloon

1758	we is all of us . && so , all of us is we ? so something that affects one of us affects all of us ?	every action a human takes is like a ripple in a pond .	is like	every action a human takes	a ripple in a pond

1759	i 'll be on the edge of my seat for the next 48 hours ... ugh make it stop && try some immodium .	i had bad food poisoning a few months ago . stacked imodium and pepto . two things i had never taken before . it worked like a dream .	worked like	pepto . two things i had never taken before	a dream

1760	what is almost always a lie ? && " how often do you floss " " pretty often " cue blood	i 've been flossing every night for years and i still bleed like a faucet . maybe i 'm just really bad at flossing ?	bleed like	i	a faucet

1761	the inconvenient truth is that pretty much every player who gets targeted a lot will tend to default to this behavior as retaliation && like messi and hazard	hazard diving like a dolphin : <url>	diving like	hazard	a dolphin

1762	which tv series introduced a new character who actually improved the show ? && lance sweets in bones and sara ellis in white collar .	sweeeeeets . you put the lime in the coconut and eat them both up . cried like a friggin baby when he was killed .	cried like	he	a friggin baby

1763	you 're literally a petulant child lol && you ask a question . i answer it with facts . and then you get mad at the answer . and i 'm the child ?	you also ignore every single thing i said as evidence and plugged your ears screaming like a little kid lol	screaming like	you	a kid

1764	" ice in space might flow like honey and bubble like cham - pa - gne " && " she looks like a diner , but handles like a bistro "	if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes should fall like a house of cards . checkmate .	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house

1765	what is the worst thing to do / say to break up with someone ? && " you taste like a burger . i do n't like you any more . "	wait , who does n't want someone who tastes like a burger ?	tastes like	someone	a burger

1766	man i really do n't like sterling && runs like velma in scooby doo .	it 's not that he runs like a t - rex it 's that he 's always looking for a penalty , same as neymar .. ca n't say that they are n't good at it though ..	runs like	he	a t - rex

1767	ride it , boy ! hooo weee ! && you know , mueller is a republican . how does it make you feel when you act like he 's a hero ?	i do n't hate republicans . he 's got your god emperor shaking like a fat hooker on a cold night .	shaking like	your god emperor	a fat hooker on

1768	he 's not just refusing . he 's been gagged by the mueller investigation . he flipped like a flapjack . && you could even say ... cracked like an egg ?	<url> folded like a crepe	folded like	he	a flapjack egg crepe

1769	organ donation , then cremation . if that 's not viable for whatever reason , then just cremation . && would you .. say .. like cremation via volcano ?	if me and my mourners could afford it . it 's like a destination wedding , it 's only fun if everyone can come .	's like	cremation via volcano	a destination wedding

1770	you talk in cliches . they are like pinball bumpers . you are the pinball . && your vision is narrow . it 's like horse blinkers . you are the horse . lmao .	you are like a chicken with antlers : a complete moron .	are like	you	a chicken with antlers

1771	how do you think you have changed in the last 5 years ? && i definitely care a lot less about what others think . it 's so liberating and nice .	i extremely feel this . it 's like a lightbulb turning on in your head one day .	's like	i definitely care a lot less about what others think	a lightbulb turning on

1772	live leak videos are the ones where they died right ? && not every single one , but if you think someone should have died , and you saw it on liveleak , then yea , they probably died .	i saw this video of a guy on a moped get crushed by a semi truck . he exploded like a watermelon . is he dead too ?	exploded like	he	a watermelon

1773	w3d1 not as hard as i think . && i 'm hyping myself up for w3d1 tonight and this post is encouraging . we can do the thing ! !	you can do it , if you did w2 , the w3 is like a walk in the park , at least to me .	is like	the w3	a walk in the park

1774	what makes absolutely 0 % sense to you ? && wifi / anything that connects through thin air . it 's all pure wizardry ..	radio is light that goes through things . every radio broadcast is like a flashlight , and every receiver is like a light detector .	is like	radio broadcast	a flashlight

1775	what makes absolutely 0 % sense to you ? && wifi / anything that connects through thin air . it 's all pure wizardry ..	radio is light that goes through things . every radio broadcast is like a flashlight , and every receiver is like a light detector .	is like	receiver	a light detector

1776	wtf america && yea we 've got a bit of a problem	when it comes to gun crime , america is like a dude with a pole through his stomach telling doctors how fine it is and how he " does nt feel a thing " .	is like	america	a dude with a pole through his stomach telling doctors how fine it is and how he " does nt feel a thing "

1777	that 's a red but it did n't seem intentional . yaya does nt have a reputation for playing dirty , right ? && not really , he 's just quite clumsy	even in his prime he dribbled like a lanky train . it worked but i did nt know how .	dribbled like	yaya	a lanky train

1778	guys of reddit , what 's something that women tend to be self - conscious about that you actually find attractive ? && freckles . i knew too many girls that thought their freckles were unattractive but i find them irresistible	a girl without freckles is like a night sky without stars .	is like	a girl without freckles	a night sky without stars

1779	so do we feel surgeries and just not remember that we felt it ? && some surgeries are performed without the asleep part , just the moving and remembering part . so yes .	and cesareans are performed with just the moving and the numbing . you still feel everything . it 's like a zipper when they cut you open	's like	you	a zipper

1780	how did they not catch it ? && turtles = fast | tortoise = slow	turtles are n't particularly fast on land though , yeah ? like , they swim like a demon but on land , not so much ?	swim like	turtles	a demon

1781	you 're the type to gloss over stuff without understanding are n't you ? && i feel like you get successfully trolled a lot . the trick is , you do not feed them .	i love getting trolled . i trolled them back . i 'm like a leech that leeches off other leeches	'm like	i	a leech

1782	no they have a war room setup so they can hide in there and pretend none of this is happening && yeah but they already do that without a war room .	but they all hide in different rooms . now they have a designated place to go . it 's like a storm shelter .	's like	i	a storm shelter

1783	we won , you lost . get over it . stop your crying . && what have you actually won ?	my side won the election . your side lost . every day i wake up is like a gift . everything is getting fixed .	is like	every day	a gift

1784	" with the 1st pick in the 2019 nhl draft , the colorado avalanche are pleased to select jack hughes . " && i would forever feel guilty if that happened	nah , i 'll giggle like a school girl and say some stupid line about sakic 's long con pays off .	giggle like	i	a girl

1785	what is your most downvoted comment and why ? && oh fyi find your stats and most downvoted here as i had a hard time locating my most downvoted comment . <url>	thank you for that ! i apparently type like a child , per this website . my english teacher would not be happy with me .	type like	i	a child

1786	what are two things people tend to think are basically the same that are n't ? && introverted and shy they commonly go together but they are n't the same .	also introvert and social anxiety . i love being around people i know . i shake like a chihuahua around strangers tho .	shake like	i	a chihuahua

1787	what was the reason behind the antagonist relationship ? ? && swayze said he liked grey 's nose and that she should n't change it .... she disagreed .	in hollywoodland a lot of actors are famous because of their awkward features . killing them is like a death sentence .	is like	i	a death sentence

1788	wait , who does n't want someone who tastes like a burger ? && i mean , as a vegan ... this is a legitimate reason to break up with someone . totally differing ideologies .	what if they tasted like a veggie burger ?	tasted like	they	a veggie burger

1789	what weird explanation did your mind give to normal things as a child ? && that the blue headlight sign on the dash of a car for when your full beams were on meant a swimming pool was near by	i thiught it meant the car was going really fast because i thought it looked like a bullet .	looked like	the car	a bullet

1790	what s a book that made you cry ? && the giving tree , never thought pictures and words in a children 's story would make me sob uncontrollably .	it made me vaguely uncomfortable as a child ... reading it to my kids has me going like a hurricane , while they giggle and make fun of me	going like	me	a hurricane

1791	therapists . human connection is really the only thing that can heal the human soul in my opinion . && ai will eventually be better at it .	idk , you can program them to talk like a human and say the right response , but it 'll never feel genuine .	talk like	ai	a human

1792	what 's the dumbest thing you got in trouble for in school ? && laughing . i laugh really loudly and it was really really loud one day .	relatable , i laugh like a donkey being fingered and it carries far , i constantly got yelled at for laughing .	laugh like	i	a donkey

1793	simoly . && laughed way too hard at that response . keep up the good work , good sir . i 'd seriously give you gold if i was n't too broke , mean and lazy for it .	lmao this comment is like a trainwreck of tired reddit cliches .	is like	this comment	a trainwreck of tired reddit cliches

1794	those who have lost a parent or loved one , how do you deal with the holidays without them ? && it is nt harder to deal with losing them in the holidays than any other time for me .	me too . it was like a kick in the teeth and really surprised me . i am so sorry for your loss , truly . <3	was like	losing them in the holidays	a  kick in the teeth

1795	hey man that sod farm outside thunder bay produced 4 nhl players . pretty neat as far as sod farms go && love sod	oh yeah beats just waitin ' for grass to grow like a normal guy why not get a landscaper bud , make the grass look sick in a hurry : <url>	grow like	grass	a normal guy

1796	not if you 're using a machete && or a toe knife	botched toe ! oohhh i botched that one , that 's a botch job . it 's bleeding like a sieve , i need some trash to cover the cut !	bleeding like	botched toe	a sieve

1797	fingernails on a chalkboard . i get uncomfortable just thinking about it . what is your goal in life ? && hahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahaha " goal " that 's hilarious . you 're hilarious . what joke always makes you laugh ?	uh , okay . dark humour is like a child with cancer . it never gets old . what 's your favourite website ?	is like	dark humour	a child with cancer

1798	zidane is jealous of isco 's hair genetics && that hair is t h i c c. wonder who has the best hair in professional football ?	arteta . it 's like a lego man , not a single hair out of place .	's like	arteta	a lego man

1799	an african lumberjack && reminds me of my old job as a dolphin shaver .	just the image of some random guy traveling around the world just to shave as much dolphins as he can is enough to make me giggle like a little girl	giggle like	me	a little girl

1800	so that 's your cop out to justify the media trying to ruin the lives of peopel they disagree with . && if people knowing you said something would ruin your life , maybe try not to say it ?	except if you were that position you would be screaming like a child about how oppressed you are and demand the government step in .	screaming like	you	a child

1801	after years of saving up , a soviet man finally has enough to buy a car .... && replace " vehicle " with " food " and " plumber " with " kgb "	made me chuckle like a 1908 tractor . the real joke is always in the comments .	chuckle like	me	a 1908 tractor

1802	when life gives you le ... && why is life a giant orange ?	" life is like a giant orange , you never know what you 're gon na get . " jez man , have n't you seen forest grape ?	is like	life	a giant orange

1803	straterra is a non - stimulant . it wo nt help you with energy ... ever . it actually has a inverse effect . edit : do n't downvote me because you 're an idiot . && ok sorry	well if you 're taking that you should know what it does to ya . it used to make me sleep like a friggen bear .	sleep like	me	a friggen bear

1804	anybody who was a teenager in 2001 want to share your experiences and stories with us younger redditors ? && tfw you were already out of your teens in 2001 .	you 're aging like a fine wine , puttysan . no worries .	aging like	you	a fine wine

1805	genders are like the twin towers . there used to be two of them , but now it 's a really sensitive subject . && dark humor is like kids with cancer . not everyone laughs at it .	i 've always heard it as : > dark humor is like a kid with cancer . it never gets old .	is like	dark humor	a kid with cancer

1806	what 's something you do in private that you have wondered if other people do too ? && sometimes when i pee , i move my other hand as close to the stream as possible without touching it .	i learned to use my forehead against the wall and i pee like a tripod when i was drunk . now i it when sober at home .	pee like	i	a tripod

1807	so .... what s the other reasons to have a pitbull ? asking for a friend . && for guarding meth labs !	so in that case the pit bull is like a body guard ? could you get it to protect other kinds of labradors , say a golden or black for example ?	is like	the pit bull	a body guard

1808	great episode of g. norton show . here 's the best / relevant part . && i never knew who stewie was based on , it 's this guy	ah yes , rex harrison . apparently harrison had a flatulence problem and was well known for trumping like a machine gun on set .	trumping like	harrison	a machine gun on set

1809	from start to finish , what 's the best binge - able tv series ? && the shield	most shows start strong and end weak , this one started strong , got soft in the middle , and then finished like a punch to the mouth . great series .	finished like	the shield	a punch

1810	key words : " take two steps back " . thank you . && well yea ... i 'm not a monster	if you are you 're like a sully or mike type monster so i would n't worry about it if someone calls you that .	're like	you	a sully or mike type monster

1811	maybe i 'm misremembering , but it looks like they 've upped the budget / ambition significantly . && castingwise alone it seems to have gone up .	they deserve every cent they get from the network . first season was like a breath of fresh air .	was like	first season	a breath of fresh air

1812	lots of dead people had the right of way . && cool story bro . i guess that means drivers should always be forgiven or turned a blind eye to .	you 're an idiot to think pedestrians can act like a god on the roads . rules are invisible , cars and bodies are not .	act like	pedestrians	a god

1813	this is every woman . does n't matter , we all shed . && i think the sheer length makes it worse . i 've started pushing a pixie cut . it 's not getting much traction .	i have a pixie cut . i still shed like a monster . there is no cure , i 'm sorry .	shed like	i	a monster

1814	no one who downvotes you is going to see your edit . you 're just gon na annoy people who will also downvote , like me for instance . && how d that work out for you ?	just fine really . and i 'm not gon na complain like a worthless pile of garbage either lol .	complain like	i	a worthless pile of garbage

1815	d - emonstrate value e - ngage physically n - urture dependence n - eglect emotionally i - nspire hope s - eparate entirely . && m - ove in a - fter c - ompletion	you should see him feast , he 's like a mantis .	's like	he	a mantis

1816	i laughed so hard that milk came out my nose . which is weird , since i was drinking soda . && i tried to contain my laughter and am literally now bleeding out of every orifice .	when your orofices bleed like a pasta e fule that 's ebola~	bleed like	your orofices	a pasta

1817	what was the worst " compliment " you 've ever received ? && " you know something , you do n't act short . "	apparently , according to others , i do n't act short nor do i act fat and , yet , here i am living like a little teapot .	living like	i	a teapot

1818	what do you personally do that you wish others would as well ? && to not take a joke too serious . feel like a lot of society is so uptight nowadays .	got ta be careful though , humor is like a sword , if you do n't know how to wield it and just swing wildly you 're bound to hurt someone .	is like	humor	a sword

1819	i do n't know if she 's finally crossed that threshold into unbangable by now but certainly until recently i 'd have given helen mirren a go . && oh she still looks good .	ahh that 's nice to know . she has aged like a fined wine .	aged like	she	a fined wine

1820	my question is on what ? ? ? jeeps i guess . && i wish it were the guilia . i ca n't wait for those to depreciate so i can get my grubby hands on one .	good news : they probably depreciate like a rock falling to earth bad news : it 's probably because they become big rocks when they break	depreciate like	guilia	a rock falling to earth

1821	i 've heard of this " pension " idea , but i believe it was taken out back and shot when i was in elementary school . && the military just stopped doing them like ~2 - 3 years ago	i was unaware of that . however , i would hope the military is n't run like a for profit company .	run like	the military	a for profit company

1822	i prefer the dennis system . && i 'm more of a move in after completion guy	you would nt belive the guy who moves in after you complete ! you should see him feast , he s like a mantis .	s like	he	a mantis

1823	lots of crown vic taxi cabs , too , or at least there used to be . && the ultimate car , the ford crown victoria . indestructible and massive .	they had a lot of common problems but they were easy to work on . they were like a big riding lawnmower . lots of room to work on a simple engine .	were like	the ford crown victoria	a big riding lawnmower

1824	did they hit any ? && if they did it wo n't affect their sentencing . fox killed a firefly and nothing happened to them .	your comment is like a steak . i 'm sad cause a fine animal was killed , but i 'll be damned if it is n't well done .	is like	your comment	a steak

1825	they know it 's true . && can confirm . own jeep .	i used to own jeep , and she needed several repairs throughout its life . own a 4runner now , and she runs like a dream	runs like	jeep	a dream

1826	erm with unbridled joy . hope that answers your question , mister journalist . && saints should keep him . i want to see what would happen after that . vvd certainly seems more aggressive than coutinho .	i ca n't even imagine an aggressive coutinho ... he 's like a teacup pig who can hit screamers .	's like	he	a teacup pig 

1827	what 's at the bottom of my pre workout ? && probably the creatine , without looking too deep into the ingredient list .. or like the other comment said . poison . up in the air .	does creatine have a taste ? mine just tasted like a mouthful of sand	tasted like	creatine	a mouthful of sand

1828	lol he actually typed that . he chose to type that . on a post supposedly highlighting his intelligence . my stars . && this is beyond parody . he 's deranged !	he plays dumb like a fox .	dumb like	he	a fox

1829	<url> upper peninsula of michigan ! haha && i went to the u.p. this summer . it was like traveling back to the 90 's . maybe even the 80 's .	i live about an hour south of the bridge , maybe a little less , and the up really is like a time capsule . it 's freaky .	is like	upper peninsula of michigan	a time capsule

1830	well also that you are no longer working && as in unemployed , not non - functioning . wow , the lingo associated with this is really slippery .	unemployed is like a hammer between construction jobs , retired is an old hammer that now hangs on your wall as a memento	is like	unemployed	a hammer between construction jobs

1831	she says she loves me , but really she 's just using me to not feel lonely && is n't that what life is ? a series of choices to not feel lonely ?	life is like a box of chocolates .	is like	life	a box of chocolates 

1832	you fight like my sister ! && i prefer the " you fight like a dairy farmer ! " although , it 's not from this movie , so it 's not really funny in this context i guess .	how appropriate ! you fight like a cow ! sorry my 1 upvote will not save you .	fight like	you	a cow

1833	today i learned it is possible to checkmate an opponent in chess in two moves && in chess , you can never let your adversary see your pieces .	if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate .	fall like	dominoes	a house of cards

1834	this noose was n't cheap my friend . && but think about all the people that will miss you	life is like a play . it 's not about the length . it 's about the performance . you got ta leave em wanting more .	is like	life	a play

1835	i 'm hurt ! hi hurt , i 'm superdad && something must be wrong with me . why i am laughing at kid getting hurt ? : (	dark humor is like a kid with a terminal illness . it never gets old .	is like	dark humor	a kid with a terminal illness

1836	what habit do you retain from your childhood ? && i rub my feet while i 'm falling asleep . i do n't know why but i have always done it , i do n't even realize it anymore .	i rub my feet against each other . i 've been told i sleep like a cricket .	sleep like	i	a cricket

1837	the terrible situations that people end up , the exact wrong things being said at the perfectly wrong times , etc . && are you cringing because it 's bad comedy or because the situations resonate with you ?	every day at my old job was like a bad episode of the office	was like	every day at my old job	a bad episode of the office

1838	satanic , do n't forget satanic . && and cannibalistic . some nutters also claim the unwanted slaves are ground into pepperoni and sausage for the pizzas .	i thought surely you have to be joking but then i remembered blundering in to <url> back in the day . that place was like a schizophrenia simulator .	was like	that place	a schizophrenia simulator

1839	what is your favourite childhood video game ? && loom and monkey island ... maybe prince of persia ! the first games i really played and so loved !	how appropriate ... you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

1840	i 've never seen that before . do we have that technology now ? it seems unsafe . && do we have driverless cars ? where have you been ?	driverless cars that drive like a people	drive like	driverless cars	a people

1841	do blind men sit down to pee ? && i have perfect eyesight and i sit down when i pee at home .	is that the result of being trained or do you have a habit of spraying like a fire hose and just got tired of cleaning up ?	spraying like	pee	a fire hose

1842	works . and enter hawkeye : ' we have a situation ' && honestly , hawkeye losing his family , i have faith that jeremy renner could pull off as nuanced a performance as we got with thor and spidey .	i swear to god if i have to watch hawkeye lose his family or scott lose cassie i 'm going to cry like a gaddamn baby	cry like	i	a baby

1843	maybe i should move to america ... && and here i am with the canadian " accent " that i 'm pretty sure no one in the world has managed to fetishize	my wife loves my canuck dialect . " it makes you sound snuggly " , she says , " like a moose . "	" like	i	a moose

1844	ca n't wait for james hetfield 's acting debut . && he 's been acting like a guitarist for decades ... ( ya , sorry , i love metallica , just could n't resist ) .	if hetfield has been " acting " like a guitarist for decades , then hammett has been acting like a banana .	acting like	hammett	a banana

1845	i 'm ugly and consider surgery ( already had 5 ) . now i found this result . i need this chin exactly . is this result achievable ? && that 's rough having no chin	i m genetic filth that needs to eradicated tbh ... my parents should never have procreated . life without a chin is like living like a cockroach .	living like	life without a chin	living like a cockroach

1846	i 'm crying from laughing so hard . danger farting && glad my dog could provide some humor for you . honestly we could get a sign	it 's half 2 in the morning and this comment chain has left me snorting and weeping like a rhinoceros at a funeral	weeping like	me	a rhinoceros

1847	do you think you 're getting healthier by doing sit - ups ? && well to be honest nothing beats eating healthy meals but fitness is a good mask to make people believe they are healthy	so if it acts like a mask , what 's the use of it ?	acts like	fitness	a mask

1848	dolph lundgren told sylvester stallone that he must break him . && then he <url> he dies , he dies	then once stallone had the surgery and got out of hospital lundgren said , he 's not human , he 's like a piece of iron .	's like	he	a piece of iron

1849	straight people of reddit , what 's the most homosexual situation you 've found yourself in ? && made eye contact with another guy while eating a banana once .	i 've deepthroated one when i was thirteen . i am suprisingly good at it . now it 's like a party trick .	's like	he	a party trick

1850	what 's the saddest song you 've ever heard ? && all of my love - led zeppelin	this song is like a breakup . like all the good times are gone and you 're reminiscing about what was and no longer is .	is like	this song	a breakup

1851	middle east . && what about dubai , uae . i 've been there a couple of times and it was absolutely brilliant . another great place apparently is oman or iran .	dubai feels is like a giant mall in the desert . and i would never feel safe in iran or other country near it .	is like	dubai	a giant mall in the desert

1852	mexicans of reddit , what is the current feeling and mood in mexico after beating germany for the first time since 1985 ? && in the usa we are still celebrating from beating them in 1945 .	the us is like a former gold medal athlete who let himself go , is belligerently drunk most of the time , and wo n't stop bragging about that one time .	is like	the us	a former gold medal athlete

1853	classic . thanks obama . && bob ama	lol . see , you can not even articulate why you hate obama and yet you cry like a baby when people come to the only reasonable conclusion remaining .	cry like	you	a baby

1854	the old cartoon network . && ma boi sheep playin it cool as always .	that show is like a fever dream in my memory . all i can remember is angry scientist getting mad if you called him mad .	is like	that show	a fever dream

1855	unless they pick you up while your arms are accelerating downwards && if you accelerate your arms down , then your arms will exert an equal , upward force on your shoulders .	then how comes i ca n't fly like a bord ? even if i flep my arms	fly like	i	a bord

1856	that 's why you always establish a pee - corner within the first minute <url> edit : there , now it 's a thing , post away && um .... i am not squatting down and peeing like an animal	so ... you 're standing up and peeing like a waterfall ?	peeing like	i	a waterfall

1857	what is a fictional death you 'll never get over ? && mordin solus .	i actually replayed it in prep for andromeda , and tbh , i 'm almost over mordin , and almost over legion . but thane still hits like a truck .	hits like	thane	a truck

1858	i 'm thinkminty , and i want to make america dress in turtlenecks again . && i would join an armed rebellion against an all turtleneck regime .	have you worn a turtleneck in winter ? it 's like a hug from carl sagan himself ! ! do you have no soul ? ?	's like	worn a turtleneck in winter	a hug from carl sagan

1859	s / he must have used a motor to sync the camera with the earth 's rotation ; you 'd easily be able to see star trails over 9 minutes without one . && huh ? the earth is flat	yeah it rotates like a disc .	rotates like	the earth	a disc

1860	if historical figures actually did roll in their graves , which grave would generate the most power if hooked up to a generator ? && washington would be doing somersaults @ that 2 party system	this was my first thought as well . every single time there 's any election , anywhere in the country , he 'd be spinning like a pig on a bbq spit .	spinning like	he	a pig

1861	breakfast being the most important meal of the day . no scientific facts to confirm that && that 's because it 's 1944 marketing campaign by general foods to sell more grape nuts cereal . advertising works , kids .	general mills ? grape nuts make me fart like a frog in boiling water .	fart like	me	a frog in boiling water

1862	if it 's legitimate pollution , the ecosystem has ways to shut that whole thing down . && i thought i 'd seen the last of this reference , and i 'm pleasantly surprised to see that i have n't	the ecosystem is like a series of tubes	is like	the ecosystem	a series of tubes

1863	tall people of reddit , what 's it like up there ? && annoying . right on that line of " tall " , but not " tall " to anyone who is " tall " .	that s why i m thankful my frame is like a door . i 'm only 6'1 but even taller people call me a big dude	is like	my frame	a door

1864	" extreme rightist yells in impotent rage about ongoing trump / russia implications to empty room " && that 's what the reddit sub td looks like to me in my mind .	it 's a shrinking echo - chamber . these days they are a chihuahua trying to act like a big dog constantly .	act like	extreme rightist	a  big dog 

1865	what is the all time saddest moment in any given tv series ? && really makes me sad when dean kills benny to go into purgatory to rescue sam and bobby .	bobby 's death made me sob like a little babe	sob like	me	a little babe

1866	i do n't know about you , but the fervor over a bird struck me as a little cult - y . && looks like they saw themselves on jumbo tron .	they 're sat behind him , they would have been on a lot . they got up to clap like a bunch of retarded seals every time ?	clap like	they	a bunch of retarded

1867	notice you immediately start racially squealing when no one mentioned race . && only liberals think that talking about race is offensive ... stop hiding behind your feelings , nobody cares how you feel .	well no one here mentioned race until you started squealing like a pig about it .	squealing like	you	a pig

1868	i mean , it 'd be worth humping this up there . && they 're only 7 pounds each , no problem . i 'm an old - school backpacker . did you read the description ? that 's hilarious .	i did not , but just did and reads like a hilarious amazon review .	reads like	the description	a hilarious amazon review

1869	" barely legal turned 18 yesterday ! " the fact that she has a c section scar determines that 's a lie && you do n't think anyone under 18 has ever given birth ?	of course , but it kind of takes away from the 18yo barely legal magic when she 's been gutted like a fish .	gutted like	she	a fish

1870	blame law enforcement for the publics lack of confidence in them . they 've earned it . && earned reputation or not , we should encourage victims to submit their account to the police .	yes but that 's not the point of this conversation , this whole comment section is like a crash course in being purposefully obtuse .	is like	this whole comment section	a crash course

1871	i just discovered this tea subreddit . && automod : activate !	well done . i just giggled like a little girl in public remembering that guy who screwed up the auto mod format a while back ...	giggled like	i	a little girl in

1872	everyone will die for the glory of the emperor . && victory requires no explanation . failure allows none . thought of the day venerate the immortal emperor	an open mind is like a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded .	is like	an open mind	a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded

1873	i miss this show . && do n't we all . just ends with toki being kidnapped . like wtf , what happens to toki ? will we ever know ?	toki wartooth , gone like a bumblebee in the wind .	gone like	toki wartooth	a bumblebee in the wind

1874	what of northern england and scotland ? && they have snow literally everyday . whereas here in central or even south england it has n't snowed more than inch in a few years .	se uk here <url> confirm snow is like a ufo ... rain though is a pain !	is like	snow	a ufo

1875	probably , but there is another issue : he just ca n't tell the truth . && it 's really about how many times he would lie .	he 's got a history of telling the truth when he 's against the wall . get him scared and he 'll sing like a bird .	sing like	he	a bird

1876	nothing makes you feel like a bigger alcoholic than taking out the recycling . && yeah , and the look the beer store gives you when you return 2 months worth of bottles from your garage to get another 24	the beer store , where my old bottles are like a coupon !	are like	my old bottles	a coupon

1877	do any of you guys keep a journal or diary ? && no , not a formal one . but i talk so much about my days on casual conversation that i could create a journal for that .	i never really thought about it like that but i guess reddit could be like a journal depending on how you use it .	be like	reddit	a journal

1878	long live the king . && most brutal scene in the movie . no other scene in disney movies has stayed with me like that since . the opening montage from up comes close though .	and the voice . jeremy irons ' voice is something i will never forget . it 's like a sword hitting a grate its so cool .	's like	jeremy irons ' voice	a sword hitting a grate

1879	what are some red flags we should recognise within ourselves ? && constantly oversleeping and staying up into the early hours of the morning are both signs you may be going through a depressive episode .	this thread is like a magic 8 ball telling me that " all sign point to yes " .	is like	this thread	a magic 8 ball

1880	what keeps you up at night ? && thinking about what needs to be done the next day and what i did n't get done today	this . it 's like a huge rock in my chest that keeps pressure even tho i ca n't do anything until next day .	's like	what needs to be done the next day and what i did n't get done today	a huge rock in my chest

1881	are you a honningbrew guy or black - briar guy ? honestly ca n't make up my mind . && honningbrew of course ! the best mead in tamriel , and made right here in skyrim !	it 's taste is like a fair maiden 's kiss , on a moonlit night !	is like	mead 	a fair maiden 's kiss

1882	kante went from the french 2nd division to 2x premier league and world cup winner in the span of 3 years && but apparently he thought the final was a french 2nd division game .	i 'm not begrudging him . played like a god the entire tournament up to then .	played like	kante	a god the entire

1883	consuming/ getting it in your mouth causes it to go directly to your digestive organs , liver , and kidneys && what if you spit it out instead of swallowing it ?	snakes inject venom when they bite like a syringe , sucking wo n't help .	bite like	snakes inject venom	a syringe

1884	this is all you have to say all over the thread . spam much ? && it is a deflection . wanna try to defend it , spam bot ?	you just deflected being called out on spamming the thread with " deflection " by accusing me of being a spam bot . you 're like a deflector projector .	're like	you	a deflector projector

1885	you do n't look like anything , you 're a series of words on a website . but you seem to be quite the idiot , so i 'll give you that . && still better than whatever you are	you 're like a chatbot , you nearly had me believe that i 'm talking to a real human , congrats . but i have my doubts now .	're like	you	a chatbot

1886	chamberlain , can you play cb mate ? && aoc and milner at cb it is	i d sell all my assets and give away all my earnings and live like a hermit if they started and kept a clean sheet .	live like	i	a hermit

1887	is that already happening in the states ? && probably happens just as fast as europe is turning on the us . edit : i 'm speaking as a european here .	europe is n't turning on the us . the us is acting like a child and europe is protecting itself .	acting like	the us	a child

1888	common core math is basically teaching logic . && b - b - but babyboomers on my facebook who were taught math in a stupid , antiquated way say the common core math is destroying america !	baby boomers are saying the results of their action . reality is like a database gigo . garbage in garbage out .	is like	reality	a database gigo

1889	surprised the wall beats dark side of the moon actually . && it 's a double album so it counts as two for each sale .	i mean its obviously a great album , dark side of the moon is just more accessible and you can throw it on anytime . the wall is like a novel .	is like	the wall	a novel

1890	you could also post the first game of ibra in the us to show how it is the world 's popular sport . specially the 1st goal . && i bet a guy kicked the ball into the goal .	i bet someone ran like a chicken with his head cut off in your football	ran like	someone	a chicken with his head cut off

1891	anyone know the song ? && yeah it 's isolation by john lennon from plastic ono band , great choice for the trailer	hearing that song after so long was like a time machine . i 've got ta listen to the whole album now . man i love that album .	was like	hearing that song after so long	a time machine

1892	i can spin my phone on the palm of my hand like a fidget spinner and now it 's a habit && wow what a talent , i wish i could do that you 're so unique	i can also whistle like a bird for some reason but i learnt to spin my phone by spinning a drink bottle and the phone came next	whistle like	i	a bird

1893	i accept your appology . i know people with your condition have difficulty communicating . && i 'll end it here . i have you dancing like a puppet .	> i 'll end it here . i have you dancing like a puppet .	dancing like	you	a puppet

1894	what are men only problems most women ca n't experience ? && constantly having a dead / asleep arm from trying to spoon at night . just the worst .	luckily for you , i like cuddling more than being cuddled , so i 'm the big spoon . it 's nicer for tall guys too because i fit like a backpack .	fit like	i	a backpack

1895	what is the saddest episode of any tv show that you 've ever seen ? && when leo dies on the west wing . kills me every time .	the episode where mrs. landingham dies was like a punch to the gut .	was like	the episode where mrs. landingham dies	a punch to the gut

1896	got my wad of hundreds . got my magnum condoms . i 'm ready to plow ! && " i dropped my monster condom that i use for my magnum dong . "	you should see him feast . he 's like a mantis	's like	he	a mantis

1897	hamilton always has so much luck how is he in front of vettel in the wdc ? ? ? vettel would have been miles ahead of there was justice && well melbourne would like to have a word with you	yeah , melborune is like a piece of sand out of a whole beach he has insane luck all season and then you just say " melbourne "	is like	melborune	a piece of sand out of a whole beach

1898	nsfw what are the perks of dating you ? && i 'm warm in bed . like .. a furnace , i hear . and i crave your cool skin .	i 'm told that i 'm like a furnace too ! no one likes sleeping close to me because i radiate so much heat so maybe it 's not a perk lol	'm like	i	a furnace

1899	you seem to have real trouble putting together a coherent point and sticking to the topic . && like a slinky ?	lol , yes . your brain is like a slinky , flopping from one topic to another like it 's falling down the stairs .	is like	your brain	a slinky

1900	everyone is born with at least one petty curse . what is yours ? && how did you know ? perpetual stomach butterflies , even when i 'm happy .	you 're whole life is like a rollercoaster ride .	is like	you 're whole life	a rollercoaster ride 

1901	cool , learn to read . && your shameless oneupmanship is n't fooling anybody .	says the guy who dug up a 5 day old comment to act like a tool , and still does n't understand what i actually said .	act like	the guy who dug up a 5 day old comment	a tool

1902	spite is the engine that drives me && for me it 's mostly angerthat 's why i study politics . that 's not too different from spite , though .	anger is like a rainbow , spite is just a color spectrum .	is like	anger	a rainbow

1903	what is the least useful item you currently own ? && pair of high heels .	i just bought a pair of high - heeled black boots . i 've worn them once because they make me walk like a child wearing mommy 's shoes .	walk like	i	a child wearing mommy

1904	does that sun have the same density as our sun ? && nah , not even close . it 's billions of times more voluminous , but on the order of ten times more massive .	i 'm so unimpressed now . it 's like a balloon .	's like	that sun	a balloon

1905	you could hang them around your neck on a cord . it would be awe - inspiring . && nah , tongues gross me out . i 'll bedazzle them and sell them on etsy .	when you think about it , a tongue is like a tentacle in your mouth .	is like	a tongue	a tentacle

1906	i 'm not even sure how to classify china anymore . it 's like a mutant capitalist - authoritarian hybrid . && it 's a company .	now that you mention it . china really does run like a company	run like	china	a company

1907	we dgaf what american vassals are thinking ? && even if it 's not the case , but in theory i 'd rather be a vassal living like a king than to be independent and barely surviving .	so who is living like a king ?	living like	who	a king

1908	the virginia beach traffic lights && the virginia state troopers is a terrifying name , they do n't mess around speeding tickets there . ask jayson werth .	state troopers have zero humor . last time i got pulled over by one , he was like a black hole of mirth .	was like	he	a black hole of mirth

1909	lol if i had a dollar for every parent , grandparent , girlfriend , or friend who tried to teach me to swim in my years ... && try a swim coach / instructor next time .	for me , the swimming part is easy , but the floating part gets me . i sink like a rock .	sink like	i	a rock

1910	what insanely common thing that happens to everyone has never happened to you ? && i 've never broken a bone or ridden a public bus .	a bus is like a bad neighbourhood on wheels . you 're not missing out .	is like	a bus	a bad neighbourhood on wheels

1911	i used to hate this silhouette but they 're growing on me . hope to cop the all black pair && same here . but the overprice is unfortunate .	resale dropped like a rock , very happy	dropped like	resale	a rock

1912	really a perfect storm for us lol . && he played great for us , idgaf	that 's always been my feelings on him as well . he really plays well when he 's healthy , but he 's like a puck magnet and ca n't seem to stay on the ice .	's like	he	a puck magnet

1913	alcohol is always a solution && " here 's to beer . the cause of , and solution to , all of life 's problems . " -homer simpson	beer is like a teacher . it " helps " solves problems you never would 've had without it .	is like	beer	a teacher

1914	agreed , that 's why ji sung park had to retire early as well . && giggs relied heavily on his pace for a very long time , but he learned to change his game .	antonio valencia has called giggs his inspiration , it 's no wonder he 's running like a machine at 32	running like	he	a machine

1915	honest advertixing && when i open my strip club i 'm also going to use comic sans for the font , so people know i 'm classy .	this joke gets better every thousandth time you hear it . it 's like a fine wine hrr hrr hrrr comic sans is for stupids . hrrrrrr	's like	this joke gets better every thousandth time you hear it	a fine wine

1916	most likely it 's a kid on the internet who has n't broken a bone and thinks he has a clinical condition . && shhh , i have n't broken a bone and this post makes me feel special !	i also have n't broken a bone but i 've swam like a fish my whole life	swam like	i	a fish

1917	out of curiosity if you do n't mind talking about it , but what sort of neuro condition affects just the shape and growth of your toes ? && would you rather have fingers for legs or legs for fingers ?	fingers for legs . i could literally climb like a monkey . that 'd be cool	climb like	i	a monkey

1918	seriously , how are you doing ? && i think i 'm fine , a bit bored . how about yourself man ?	having fun here in australia , a bit scared of everything that can kill me in here . it 's like a battlefield	's like	australia	a battlefield

1919	what percent of your life are you sore ? && it goes away , your muscles just need to get use to working out .	ah , okay . i 'm actually a little disappointed about that . being sore is like a badge of honor .	is like	being sore	a badge of honor

1920	[ wdywt ] wearing my most breathable shoes to beat the midwestern heat && how 's the sizing on these ?	i went tts and they fit like a glove ! but i have relatively normal - width feet .	fit like	shoes	a glove

1921	what are you never too old for ? && definitely dying .	dark humor is like a kid with cancer , it never gets old .	is like	dark humor	a kid with cancer

1922	which celebrity is generally accepted as being extremely attractive but you just ca n't see it ? && maggie gyllenhaal	as one man put it , " like a painting that got rained on "	" like	maggie gyllenhaal	a painting that got rained on

1923	japan needs immigration to replace their aging population . && you know populations ca nt climb forever right ?	it should n't fall like a rock either . nearly a third of their population is over 60 years old .	fall like	populations	a rock

1924	mr potato head && so does that make you mrs potatohead , or rather another kind of vegetable ?	i 'm like a giant weeble / mrs potato head hybrid	'm like	i	a giant weeble / mrs potato head hybrid

1925	somewhere at google there is a database containing 25 million books and nobody is allowed to read them . && very long and interesting read	i actually read the whole thing . was like a roller - coaster . so much hope and crush and hope and crush .	was like	the whole thing	a roller

1926	what 's a deeply uplifting fact ? && this too shall pass . uplifting or depressing , depending on your philosophical bent .	i like saying " this too shall pass , it may pass like a kidney stone , but it will pass "	pass like	this	a kidney stone

1927	miller high life did a 1 second ad in the superbowl one year . " high life " end . && high life !	my personal favorite is the one where he barks like a dog .	barks like	he	a dog

1928	what picture , video or gif never fails to leave you in a fit of laughter ? && australian reporter frightened by large chicken	naw , not as good as the old guy on today tonight who barked like a psychotic dog .	barked like	old guy	a psychotic dog

1929	or sonic , quiktrip , taco tico && i love quiktrip , best gas station ever .	i live in tulsa , qt is like a religion here . we worship at the altar of the hot coffee and snacks .	is like	quiktrip	a religion

1930	that last gif makes me wish i had a little cave i could cozy in && you 're in your room are n't you ?	it needs to be cozier ! i 'm like a cat in want of a box .	'm like	i	a cat in want of a box

1931	we attack tomorrow under cover of daylight && for some reason i read this in zapp branigan 's voice .	" if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate . "	fall like	rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

1932	how kids judge the halloween candy you give out . && those strawberry candies are delicious .	i was gon na say that . those were like a diamond in the rough to me .	were like	strawberry candies	a diamond in the rough

1933	which tv show do you want your life to be like ? && this old 80s show called dear john	you want your life to be like a divorce support group ?	be like	your life	a divorce support group

1934	toe stubbing . && get a nice toothpick in there , makes me nut every time .	do i jam it straight under and hammer like a nail to a board ?	hammer like	jam it straight under and hammer	a nail to a board

1935	i 'm a dude bird and that made me sad . && that 's cuz you 're a bird too .	i 'm like a biiiiiird	'm like	i	a biiiiiird

1936	if i go to sleep right now , i can get five hours of sleep . && go to sleep !	but reddit is like a siren 's song ! !	is like	reddit	a siren 's song

1937	have you ever seen uhf , op ? && we 've got it all on uhf .	life is like a mop	is like	life	a mop

1938	<url> just use my vibrator && i would n't pulled my vibrator out on a bus ...	the bus is like a massive vibrator .	is like	bus	a massive vibrator

1939	the maroon 5 guy . he looks like a chipmunk and sings like a cat . && his singing voice reminds me of kermit	really ? to me it 's like a bug in my ear , that horrible you weeeeeeeeeell be loved song especially	's like	his singing voice	a  bug in my ear

1940	more like idiot teenagers . also , stop raging like a monkey bro . && alright , you actually are a teenager who feels offended .	nah i just think you 're a puritanical french douchebag who happens to rage like a monkey when met with opposing opinions .	rage like	you	a monkey

1941	the man . the myth . the legend . && i was expecting scott sterling	" his face is like a brick wall ! "	is like	his face	a brick wall

1942	<url> other words he stopped a home run ? && basically stopped a home run that would given them a touchdown	and the game of dominoes would have crashed like a house of cards . checkmate	crashed like	game of dominoes	a house of cards

1943	the last time i saw this posted , someone commented an edited picture with a bigger box after . && here you go	your comment is like a fantastic four movie .	is like	comment	a fantastic four movie

1944	you mean ... normal sized danny devito ? && he s short but has some weight on him . just saying .	the man is built like a cannonball	built like	the man	a cannonball

1945	in what way ? && primarily being in europe	where exactly do you live that you consider being in europe to be like a horror movie ?	be like	being in europe	a horror movie

1946	" food - bringer ? are you alright ? oh . time to eat food - bringer . " && does your dog go meow ?	no , but he acts like a large cat .	acts like	he	a large cat

1947	this is n't even funny && not funny because it 's true . that traitor president will sell out usa to make a buck .	you 're like a parrot . you 're just squawking what you saw in the news .	're like	you	a parrot

1948	what do you get when you cross human dna with goat dna ? && this joke had good deliverance .	i want you to scream like a goat for me .	scream like	you	a goat

1949	aside from the prostitutes cordoba did not seem nearly as bad as you describe it && cordoba is like the arizona / nevada of argentina .	what do cordoba and nevada / arizona have in common ? arizona is like a desert	is like	arizona	a desert

1950	if nautical nonsense be something you wish : && spongebob squarepants	then hop on the deck and flop like a fish	flop like	you	a fish

1951	except guybrush is the hero && hero might be an overstatement . i would prefer something along the lines of " head stooge " .	how appropriate ! you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

1952	with only 3 - 5k on it ? where do you buy this ? && here 's a bunch <url>	a cpo mercedes is still depriciating like a brick	depriciating like	cpo mercedes	a brick

1953	i see your volkswagen bug and raise you a reliant robin . && i fold . man that robin is an ugly car .	it also had the added feature of flipping like a pancake because it only has 3 wheels	flipping like	robin	a pancake

1954	the only rule of law that matters is brannigan 's law . && check mate !	if we can hit that bullseye , the rest of those dominoes will fall like a house of cards .	fall like	rest of those dominoes	a house of cards

1955	what s the scariest place you can find on google street view ? && get ready to shart yourself	i made the weirdest noise ever . it was like a goose being socked in the gut and gasping for air .	was like	weirdest noise	a goose being socked in the gut and gasping for air

1956	please come back by the way && hands off , you did nt love him like we do	fair enough , pep at bayern was like a wife material treated as a rebound girl .	was like	pep at bayern	a wife material treated as a rebound girl

1957	a lizard for 20 bucks . && lizard is pretty good	he said it tasted like a piece of grass . little green lizard you 'd find in the yard .	tasted like	lizard	a grass

1958	keep calm and && that is one cute dog	totallyyyyyy he 's like a human lol	's like	dog	a human

1959	absorbent and yellow and porous is he ! && if nothing but nonsense is something you wish	then drop on the deck and flop like a fish ! ( ftfy : if nautical nonsense be )	flop like	he	a fish

1960	what 's the least offensive insult you can come up with ? && you fight like a dairy farmer .	how appropriate . you fight like a cow .	fight like	you	a cow

1961	the robot uprising will be goofier than we expected && is this not how everyone walks ?	omg it literally runs like a person ! !	runs like	robot	a person

1962	secret of the monkey island by ( lucasarts ) && you fight like a dairy farmer !	how appropriate ! you fight like a cow .	fight like	you	a cow

1963	lpt : explained jokes become funnier ? && a frog is like a joke ...	* a joke is like a frog	is like	joke	a frog

1964	favorite sitcoms . himym pick one && hey it was a good show , for a while .	granted . but it has aged like a dead possum in a puddle	aged like	favorite sitcoms	a dead possum in a puddle

1965	if hockey stresses you out you should consider becoming a sabres fan && would not recommend ; lottery stress incoming	yeah but the draft is like a second xmas for you	is like	the draft	a second xmas 

1966	sleeping as a burrito is the best way to sleep . && i 'm more of a fan of sleeping like a taco .	i always opt to sleep like a cheesesteak .	sleep like	i	a cheesesteak

1967	i am rubber , you are glue ! && you fight like a dairy farmer !	how appropriate ! you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

1968	get messy with it . get the whole face involved . yum . && like a bulldog eating a jar of mayonnaise .	nonono . you start like a butterfly landing on a rose petal . you finish like a bulldog eating a jar of mayo	finish like	you	a bulldog eating a jar of mayo

1969	what pleasure is massively underrated ? && eating your favourite food alone .	and you can eat like a pig and no one will judge you	eat like	you	a pig

1970	better than what ? sharknado ? && deep blue sea	" my head is like a shark 's fin ... " ll cool j	is like	my head	a shark 's fin

1971	sounds like the remastered monkey island soundtrack && you fight like a dairy farmer !	how appropriate . you fight like a cow .	fight like	you	a cow

1972	i technically am , but i 'm not sure if you 'd really call it living anymore && you wanna talk bud ?	hearts still beating but i feel nothing , it 's like a million dollar phone that you just ca n't ring	's like	hearts still beating but i feel nothing	a million dollar phone that you just ca n't ring

1973	that 's not celebrating . that 's eating chocolate until you do n't feel sad . && is n't that all love is	love is just a brain chemical that makes you act like a monkey . chocolate 's a fascinating substance by comparison .	act like	you	a monkey

1974	if nautical nonsense be something you wish ... ! && spongebob squarepants !	then drop on the deck and flop like a fish !	flop like	you	a fish

1975	lmao . he did n't trip him . && i must have missed the banana peel on the ice	no , you missed him flop like a fish out of water .	flop like	him	a fish

1976	jokes are like people . not everyone appreciates the dark ones . && dark humor is like food , not everyone gets it .	dark humor is like a make - a - wish kid . it never gets old .	is like	dark humor	a  make - a - wish kid

1977	donald is walking out of the white house and headed towards his limo ... && duck tales .	life is like a hurricane	is like	life	a hurricane

1978	redditors of reddit in your opinion what is best theme song in any tv show ? && duck tales !	life is like a hurricane here in duck - berg	is like	life	a hurricane

1979	too soon ? && nah , just brutal .	sorry , sometimes my emotions are like a giant wall . good for keeping out foreign emotions .	are like	my emotions	a giant wall

1980	hey , that 's my ironic comment ! && comment infringement confirmed : <url>	arrest this man , he talks in math , he buzzes like a fridge	buzzes like	he	a fridge

1981	also contains human kindness && i drink cow milk though ... not human milk	fight milk ! i drink it every morning so i can fight like a crow !	fight like	i	a crow

1982	weird user names && you fight like a dairy farmer .	how appropriate , you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

1983	yeah my brother 's is literally tonight . && yeah mine is in 4 hours lol	have fun ! and wish your date 's dad is n't a psychopath dressed like a flying demon .	dressed like	date 's dad	a flying demon

1984	fantastic ball but what exactly is forster doing ? && i like how he seemed to slow down when he realised he could probably get it	this literally sums up every save he tries to make . he 's like a tall tree , slowly toppling over .	's like	he	a tall tree

1985	what is the worst form of betrayal ? && when you vote for someone and they do the opposite of what they promised .	" the state of this country is like a horse loose in a hospital . " -john mulaney	is like	the state of this country	a horse loose in a hospital

1986	what 's a short , clean joke that gets a laugh every time ? && dark humour is like food . not everyone gets it .	or a disturbing variation of that : dark humor is like a child with cancer : it never gets old .	is like	dark humor	a child with cancer

1987	and yet you got them && so give me more facts . about pens . preferably hot ones .	the earth is shaped like a pen	shaped like	the earth	a pen

1988	he paid with a wad of hundreds . && and he was ready to plow	you should see him feast . he 's like a mantis .	's like	he	a mantis

1989	did he have a resort for these bodyguards ? && i heard he made a brand of milk to help bodyguards fight	i hear it makes you fight like a crow	fight like	you	a crow

1990	reeeeeeeeee reeeeeeeeee ! && whatever that means ..	you 're squealing like a stuck pig , just like the rest of the hysterical left . reeeeeeeee reeeeeeee !	squealing like	you	a stuck pig

1991	which place ? && thorn apple . pretty decent track !	that 250 yard par 3 is like a stern kick to the crotch !	is like	250 yard par 3	a stern kick to the crotch

1992	no , it 's still too wordy and not as punchy as just ramadan mubarak && yeah but no one knows what that means except muslims	a joke is like a frog .	is like	joke	a frog

1993	believe it or not we do have filled donuts in the u.s. as well . && ... yep my favorite is lemon filled	it is like a party in your mouth !	is like	filled donuts	a party in your mouth

1994	now kith . && matheltoth !	this actually had me laughing like a dying hyena in the pub . thanks , you legend !	laughing like	me	a dying hyena in the pub

1995	a day i never thought would come && kuznetsov ? cuts nuts off	i hate his little , flying like a bird routine when he scores though .	flying like	kuznetsov	a bird

1996	if nautical nonsense be something you wish ! && spongebob squarepants !	then drop on the deck and flop like a fish !	flop like	you	a fish

1997	guys , stop acting like a turkey . && hey , do n't use fowl language !	stop acting like a chicken .	acting like	guys	a chicken

1998	this subreddit has been such an encouraging place for me && it 's amazing what reddit can be when you filter out the screaming .	ask reddit is like a big box of chocolate . you never know what you 'll get .	is like	ask reddit	a big box of chocolate

1999	i 've played my whole life m8 && you must win a lot of headers whilst jumping like a salmon .	i do actually , even though i 'm short , jumping like a salmon is my best quality	jumping like	i	a salmon

2000	what is the funniest thing on the planet ? && north korea	north korea is nt a joke for sure . it is like a alien diversion in planet ..	is like	north korea	a alien diversion in

2001	that 's some prime reddit bait right there . && ya , except none of these people know what dark humor is .	dark humor is like a kid with cancer .. never gets old .	is like	dark humor	a kid with cancer 

2002	what do people think is unhealthy that is actually healthy ? && skipping meals occasionally . intermittent fasting is apparently quite healthy	i ca n't intermittent fast . makes me cranky like a bear .	cranky like	i	a bear

2003	ok , but ... wtf is the context of the gif ? && scot steeerliing !	his face is like a brick wall- a brick wall that feels pain	is like	his face	a brick wall

2004	who is the most arrogant fictional character ? && zapp brannigan	once we hit the mothership , all the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate . kif sighs deeply	fall like	dominoes	a house of cards

2005	how do you feel about having an autistic girl rubbing her feet on your face ? && confused , slightly aroused , i 'd be downs	i 'm not proud to say i laughed like a hyena at that .	laughed like	i	a hyena

2006	how can the earth be flat if my life is continually going downhill && let 's start the earth is a parabola movement	i think the earth should be more like a polynomial . life is like a roller coaster with ups and downs .	is like	life	a roller coaster

2007	lock and load && you talk the talk , do you walk the walk ?	a day without blood is like a day without sunshine .	is like	a day without blood	a day without sunshine 

2008	which sport has the least physically fit athletes ? && bowling or sumo	sumo wrestlers may be fat but those guys are built like a tank .	built like	sumo wrestlers	a tank

2009	a knife shaped like a barber . && what 's a barber ?	a man shaped like a barber knife .	shaped like	man	a barber knife .

2010	mexico 's military will pay for the wall . -trump && call up the mexagon	i want to believe that this is like a 6-sided tostada .	is like	mexico 's military will pay for the wall	a  6-sided tostada

2011	there 's an hd button && why is n't it hd by default ?	probably to save trips . you see , the internet is like a dump truck	is like	the internet	a dump truck

2012	what are your biggest pet peeves ? && people who chew with their mouth open , or who yawn like an autistic lion .	what about yawning like a dinosaur ?	yawning like	people	a dinosaur

2013	how amazing was the walking dead finale ? && how does nobody keep an eye on neegan ! !	i know , right ! he 's like a slippery snake !	's like	neegan	a slippery snake

2014	what crossover do you want to happen ? && it ll never happen but i would ve loved a parks and rec / the office crossover	unfortunately any time 2 sitcoms crossover it 's like a toilet at a taco buffet .	's like	2 sitcoms crossover	a toilet at a taco buffet

2015	we 'd just lose it in the couch cushions && i need an american to decide which two states could humorously represent the cushions .	i vote nj and ny . trying to get another hudson river crossing built is like a black hole of money and corruption .	is like	trying to get another hudson river crossing built	a black hole of money and corruption

2016	under a pine tree in my grandma 's front yard .. && front yard ?	yup , her front yard was like a forest ...	was like	her front yard	a forest

2017	what is worth seeing in person ? && graceland ! it 's really interesting and strange .	the mississippi delta was shining like a national guitar ...	shining like	the mississippi delta	a national guitar

2018	what is the most outdated piece of technology you 've recently seen someone using ? && my intern boss is still rocking windows xp ...	that 's not safe . that os is not supported anymore haha . it 's like a hacker 's playground now .	's like	windows xp	a hacker's playground

2019	so did i. && so how many people watched the bb pilot with <person> 's 70-yr old mother ?	that woman is like a clown car if you catch my drift ...	is like	that woman	a clown car

2020	that was a very good movie && goon quote thread . go .	life is like a box of chocolates .	is like	life	a box of chocolates

2021	does a helicopter have wings ? && yes . the rotors are pretty much wings that rotate .	no , they 're not because crafts with wings can glide for a period of time a helicopter will fall like a stone .	fall like	helicopter	a stone

2022	can you see the bodies burning ? && if you peek into the flap , yeah .	is the skin super flammable ? like does the body just burn like a campfire log ?	burn like	the body	a campfire log

2023	what made the worst kisser you 've kissed the worst kisser you 've kissed ? && her tongue reminded me of a turtle 's .	i 'm having trouble with that comparison . how can a tongue be like a turtle ?	be like	tongue	a turtle

2024	memphis , tennessee i 'm goin' to graceland && i have reason to believe we all will be received in graceland	they say loooosing love is like a window in your heart	is like	loooosing love	a window in your heart

2025	would n't the squirrel just catch you then ? && uh , yes . would n't i be too large to catch ?	well , maybe another guy is convincingly acting like a squirrel ... ?	acting like	another guy	a squirrel

2026	yeah , making sure i do that too . && the only thing they did n't tweet out i remember is sw restock	i 'm just salty because i did n't get any emails at all . going to watch like a hawk now .	watch like	i	a hawk now

2027	main character of " the secret of monkey island " . a master sword fighter && i heard he fights like a dairy farmer .	how appropriate ! you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

2028	what show has the best opening theme ? && ducktales . just start the opening beat and someone , somewhere will sing it .	life is like a hurricane	is like	life	a hurricane

2029	if nautical conversation is something you wish ! && spongebob casualpants !	then drop on reddit and talk like a fish !	talk like	you	a fish

2030	oh this is just the beginning . && yup , the dominoes are starting to topple .	if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes should fall like a house of cards . checkmate . ~ zapp brannigan	fall like	rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

2031	maybe she just felt like running && forrest hound	life is like a box of kibble .	is like	life	a box of kibble

2032	i want to die in my sleep like my dad , not screaming like his passengers . && this is getting dark	dark humor is like a child with cancer . it never gets old .	is like	dark humor	a child with cancer

2033	tryina change the world , i m a plot ' n scheme && mario d likes to keep it clean	going to shine like a sunbeam	shine like	it	a sunbeam

2034	how can you tell if a baby is mentally ill ? && you throw it off a bridge .	does it float like a duck ?	float like	baby	a duck

2035	what color is your bedroom ? && walls : white . decorations : blues , greens , and browns	is your room painted like a rubik cube ?	painted like	your room	a rubik cube

2036	what movie title best describes your week so far ? && not sure , but coming up next is weekend at bernie 's .	i hope you get help and do n't die this weekend and then are controlled like a puppet .	controlled like	you	a puppet

2037	what minor incident or controversy was blown way out of proportion ? && the assassination of franz ferdinand	pre - wwi europe was like a pile of kindling doused in gasoline , literally any event would 've triggered the war .	was like	pre - wwi europe	a pile of kindling doused in gasoline

2038	what is something that most people do more often than necessary ? && washing hair	yes ... i m like a cat when it comes to washing my hair	m like	i	a cat

2039	i think he might be a track & field type of dude . && not with that much hair , too much drag .	i 'm sure it could help out in the pole vault . it would be like a parachute	be like	hair	a parachute

2040	stop drilling each other for puns && screw that .	the puns in this thread are descending like a dovetail .	descending like	the puns in this thread	a dovetail

2041	without naming the movie , what 's the one quote that would give it away ? && life is like a box of chocolates	life was like a box of chocolates ...	was like	life	a box of chocolates

2042	he has a low center of gravity , though . && that would make him more stable .	not on those tiny feet . it makes him shaped like a top .	shaped like	tiny feet	a top

2043	this article is n't even about russia . is this a bot ? && muh bots	so then you just did n't look at the title ? it 's not my fault you act like a bot	act like	you	a bot

2044	homemade making mayo - slomo emulsification && can someone <url> the reaction that goes on here ?	eli5 : oil is like a tight muscle that wo n't bend , eggs and mustard make it relax and mix with things .	is like	oil	a tight muscle

2045	rielly did n't even have the puck . && he had literally just touched it . tavares finished his check legally .	leaf fans are like a pack of wolves	are like	leaf fans	a pack of wolves

2046	... is something we say seemingly every week . && it 's almost like he 's getting worse over time .	trump supporters would say he 's like a fine wine , but really he 's just rotting away .	's like	trump	a fine wine

2047	what is the best debate topic ? && superman or darth vader . who is stronger ?	superman duh . darth is like a wet towel compare to any real comic entity .	is like	darth	a wet towel

2048	monkey island 1 . & 2 . the classics never die . && you fight like a dairy farmer !	how appropiate you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

2049	monkey island gave me amazing insults to use in a fight . && haha i remember this game and i also very much agree !	how appropriate ... you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

2050	but did you tell her how hung you are ? && well , i am a girl soooo the gorilla has me beat .	" well i am nearly as hung as a gorilla only like an inch or so difference " . and that s how you can get rid of ( most ) creeps without lying .	as hung as	i	a gorilla

2051	we want to make ai seem more human while actual people are forced to work like robots and show little emotion on the job . && i 'm a sales associate emotions is part of the job .	sales and service workers are about as close to human emotions as a tickle - me - elmo .	as close to human emotions as	sales and service workers	a tickle - me - elmo

2052	hunting . killing animals for fun is the mark of a psychopath . && are you a vegan / vegetarian ?	no , but that does n't mean that i think it 's okay to just go out and kill animals as entertainment , or as a trophy .	as entertainment , or as	kill animals	entertainment

2053	i know you are , i said you are , but what am i ? && i 'm rubber , you 're glue , bounces off me and sticks to you !	you 're as repulsive as a monkey in a neglige .	as repulsive as	you	a monkey in a neglige

2054	i do nt agree with this . if you jump into a tigers cage the tiger should nt be killed because you jumped into the cage . && is everything outside of my home a tiger cage ?	is there a likely hood that a tiger is outside your door as likely as a polar bear on this beach ?	as likely as	a tiger is outside your door	a polar bear on this beach

2055	then you 're drinking some terrible drinks most likely . && this guy does n't scotch .	i 'd say a little bit of water added is n't the same as using it as a mixer . i usually do like two ice cubes and a squirt of water .	as using it as	water	a mixer

2056	what instantly cranks your rage meter from 0 to 100 ? && slow walking group of people , spread out over the sidewalk so there 's no way to overtake them .	" ' scuse me guys , got places to be " as i use my hands as a divider between the two weakest links	as i use my hands as	my hands	a divider

2057	what is a " big rösti " ? i 'm from switzerland , the official rösti land , and i have not heard of big rösti . && it 's a burger with a large rösti on it	normal rösti is as big as a skillet , therefore this burger is huge .	as big as	rösti	a skillet

2058	he 's like a robot . scary stuff . && how robotic was he , on a scale of bob ross painting to roger ver insisting mt. gox was still solvent ?	..... that roger ver video was about as convincing as a carney trying to sell me life insurance .	as convincing as	that roger ver video	a carney trying to sell me life insurance

2059	no , because <url> which was dedicated solely to trading the scrap brass metal from bullets was banned . && those count as ammunition , do they not ? even if they ca n't be fired .	casings are as much ammunition as a wheel is a car .	as	casings are as much ammunition	a wheel is a car

2060	had to see what he was talking about aaaaand you just gained a fan . that is a quality gif of you in the pool . && username checks out .	this person does n't identify as an attack helicopter . he identifies as a medium - lift utility helicopter .	as an attack helicopter . he identifies as	this person	a medium - lift utility helicopter

2061	this is the most extreme because ? a. a bike was used as a jump b. he landed in a turn c. turning on gravel and not crashing d. all of the above && most importantly e. calculated	nah , that was purely good luck and muscle memory . dude 's mind was as blank as a new whiteboard .	as blank as	dude 's mind	a new whiteboard

2062	pretty much all of ca , ny , md , and nj gun control laws . && then it sounds like gun control would be better handled as a local issue .	full faith and credit clause . a ccw from anywhere should be as valid everywhere as a driver 's license . it 's no different from gay marriage .	as valid everywhere as	a ccw	a driver 's license

2063	wow . never saw that before . incredibly enlightening . && ivanka does n't seem to be too thrilled about it either , but don jr. looks like he just beat cancer by winning the lottery .	probably hard to express any emotion when your face is nearly as plastic as a barbie doll .	as plastic as	your face	a barbie doll

2064	would n't you have to wear a few things just because of the wind ? surely there are safer methods ! && you might get windburn but you could do it nakey	you would be as red as a tomato seeing the salad dressing !	as red as	you	a tomato

2065	abolishing the ec would be a huge mistake . objectively , it 's a superior way to determine the winner of the election . && i do not think that means what you think it means	and with that comment i 'm convinced that your understanding of the ec is about as shallow as a kiddie pool .	as shallow as	your understanding of the ec	a kiddie pool

2066	god ... that sounds amazing . i am gon na watch that today ! && one of the best sci fi films . not too actions but very thought provoking !	well , i got nothing but time as i am as sick as a dog , so gattaca it is .	as sick as	i	a dog

2067	what 's a simile / metaphor you read in a book that you now use in everyday life ? && duty is heavier than a mountain .	but death is as light as a feather .	as light as	death	a feather

2068	why planets are often much brighter in the sky than actual stars . && really ? every time i 've seen dirt , it was because it was reflecting light from some other source .	i get that . you know what i meant . dirt is n't as reflective as a mirror or water might be .	as reflective as	dirt	a mirror or water

2069	they 're big ( compared to other rovers ) but not that big . <url> && curiosity is pretty large , much more than the linked picture .	i 've actually got a poster in my room of curiosity , it 's a large rover but it 's still not as big as op claimed " as large as a truck " .	as large as	a large rover	a truck

2070	" i did ! " boy we got a bright one on our hands . && that boy is as sharp as a bowling ball !	he 's about as sharp as a sack of wet leather ! have an , i say , have an upvote , suh ! !	as sharp as	he	a sack of wet leather

2071	that was gold ! && comparing jared to a 6'3 " bag of " packing peanuts " is up there as well .	yeah i went back and he did n't compare jared to packing peanuts so much as he categorized him as a literal human space filler .	as he categorized him as	jared	a  a literal human space filler

2072	so what 's the news ? && the gop is starting to publically turn against the president .	dude the gop has been agaisnt trump for a while atleast the neocons have are you really as dumb as a bag of bricks to not realize that	as dumb as	you	a bag of bricks

2073	what oldey - timey phrase should make a comeback ? && " why do n't you take a long walk off a short pier ? " pretty sure i heard that in back to the future .	that makes about as much sense as a screen door on a battleship . why do n't you make like a tree and get outta here ?	as much sense as	that	a screen

2074	always gets me cackling with laughter && right now , we 're in the stickiest situation since sticky the stick insect got stuck on a sticky bun	your head is as empty as a eunuch 's underpants .	as empty as	your head	a eunuch 's underpants

2075	ik but its my guilty pleasure . ill quit after graduation , too much stress right now to quit && invest in a vape	i did for a while but 2 thing stopped me : 1 ) it was nt as satisfying as a cig and 2 ) someone stole my vape	as satisfying as	i did for a while but 2 thing stopped me	a cig

2076	worse still , the washington compost article stated they have no specific intelligence linking russia to the leak . && not familiar with that paper . obama confirm russia 's involvement .	obama 's word is about as useful as a dead chicken sitting on the highway . we need hard evidence .	as useful as	obama 's word	a dead chicken sitting on the highway

2077	what 's a bats eye prescription ? && blind as a bat ?	that 's where i got the idea from , if you 're as ' blind as a bat ' how blind are you ? what level of blindness does a bat really have ? ?	as ' blind as	you	a bat

2078	reddit , what have you always wanted to know about australia ? && why are you all so dang attractive and intelligent ? i think it 's so awesome .	i 'm dumb as a post and ugly as a hatful of monkeys ' arses ; but we tend to hide people like me . it scares the tourists .	as a post and ugly as	i	a post a hatful of monkeys ' arses

2079	our conscience and laws of the nation . && how do you define consciousness ?	as per google : an inner feeling or voice viewed as acting as a guide to the rightness or wrongness of one 's behavior .	as acting as	google	a guide

2080	but miami has that totally free elevated monorail . i was amazed when visiting it a year ago as a tourist . it is awesome . && dunno ... i hear those things are awfully loud	it glides as softly as a cloud !	as softly as	elevated monorail	a cloud

2081	quae sunt caesaris caesari et quae sunt dei deo && is zuckerberg caesar , or god ?	zuckerberg is as godlike as a jrpg villian . sure , he has godlike abilities , but he can be killed with the power of teamwork	as godlike as	zuckerberg	a jrpg villian

2082	why do n't you make like a tree and get out of here ? && that 's about as funny as a screen door on a battleship .	you 're as sharp as a bowling ball .	as sharp as	you	a bowling ball

2083	darth vader wasted all that money on two death stars , when he could have just shot alderaan / any other planet with the halo ce pistol . && or destroy the galaxy with an actual halo ring .	the empire did n't make the death stars to destroy stuff , they made them as a symbol of power and as a way to make normal citizens fear the empire .	as a symbol of power and as	the death stars	a symbol of power

2084	a paper clip && did you follow your dreams ?	i 'm about as useless as a paperclip , so yeah i guess i did	as useless as	i	a paperclip

2085	your local town investing in a new monorail . && i hear those things are awfully loud .	it glides as softly as a cloud .	as softly as	monorail	a cloud

2086	it looks like a turtle . && looks like shuriken	and it is really good symbol . it will be as fast and agile as a turtle and modern as shuriken .. /s	as fast and agile as	it	a turtle and modern

2087	half a pound is like one burger . && what is a quarter pounder then ? you guys have big burgers .	i always get the double quarter pounder actually . or make homemade burgers with patties as thick as a vhs tape .	as thick as	patties	a vhs tape

2088	no , what if one of them leaves me because of it ? && i think insecurity is the root of your problem .	why do n't you stick your nose in someone else 's problems ? i 'm as secure as a tree trunk .	as secure as	i	a tree trunk

2089	do n't tell me you 're gon na trotsky - out that old pun . && two che '	that pun is as well executed and thoughtful as a song by lennon and mccarthy	as well executed and thoughtful as	that pun	a song by lennon and mccarthy

2090	i 'm halfway to accomplishing both . && so ... you 're half monster , half good man ?	nope . have lived as a monster . waiting to die as a good man now .	as	i	a monster

2091	why so furious ? it 's a perfectly valid simile . && but an incomplete sentence without a verb .	" my richard is as big as a ruler . " pretty sure there 's a verb there .	as big as	my richard	a ruler

2092	talking loudly on public transport && dear it 's a worldwide crisis .	not in denmark . public transport is as silent as a graveyard here . it 's really weird .	as silent as	public transport	a graveyard

2093	like spreading ash with a spray bottle && like picking up a wet bar of soap ?	that 's about as useful as a fart in a windstorm .	as useful as	spreading ash with a spray bottle	a fart in a windstorm

2094	did you just assume my gender && you 're not funny nor original .	but you 're special are n't you ? one might even say you 're as special as a snowflake ?	as special as	you	a snowflake

2095	so he pointed a gun at someone but in a totally safe way . && what is the first rule of gun safety ?	a hand without bullets is about as dangerous as a hammer .	as dangerous as	a hand without bullets	a hammer

2096	what 's a good tip you hope you never have to use ? && four pounds of weight can pull off a human ear	your pinky finger is as easy to bite or snap off as a baby carrot	as easy to bite or snap off as	your pinky finger	a baby carrot

2097	i have spent 30 minutes on that website and still do n't know if it 's a troll job or not . && haha i swear i 'm not . check this out . <url>	so it 's like a gun ? what could go wrong ?	's like	a troll job	a gun

2098	i also hate things like this . i get that not every one knows shortcuts , but it 's infuriating watching a 3 step process take 5 extra steps . && and copy paste is the easiest to remember .	seriously , cut(x is like a pair of scissors ) , copy(begins wth c ) , paste(v is right next to those two on the keyboard )	is like	x	a pair of scissors

2099	it should say " unnecessary stinger that will run 15 yards off the green " && no , that 's way too explicit and would n't be funny since ' logical golf shot ' as the opposing option implies plenty .	guess you could say my joke was like a realzacradford stinger .... totally unnecessary . i 'll be here all night folks	was like	my joke	a realzacradford stinger

2100	it 's absolutely criminal that swiss army man did n't get nominated for original soundtrack imo . && were n't they not eligible because they did n't use all original music ?	that is a crappy rule . i 'll never forget the radiohead guy not getting nominated for there will be blood . that score is like a character in the film .	is like	score	a character

2101	gon na make it worse yet . it 's way easier to do when you 've given birth in the past 6-ish weeks or so . && what effect does that have ?	your flaps become like a torn sail flapping lazily in a light breeze and make a lot of noise when you pass gas .	become like	your flaps	a torn sail

2102	why do you say the acting is bad ? && i do n't know why he says it but i personally feel like the ortega chick was terrible .	she kinda get like a repeat of what they did in punisher and i much preferred that latina cop to this one . ( i hope she was latina )	get like	she	a repeat

2103	you can only choose one , what is your dream car ? && old station wagon .	i really liked the volvo ones . where it had gaps in the head rests . built like a brick . the 200 series . amazing cars .	built like	the volvo ones	a brick

2104	as opposed to being a shark ? yes , i want to be a jedi . && i think you 'd make a very nice shark .	deepest bluest , my hat is like a sharks fin !	is like	my hat	a sharks fin

2105	i bet trump never considered that . && here 's to hoping that comey does n't die in some freak accident .	i think comey was liked by much of the fbi . if this happened i bet the fbi would start leaking like a proverbial sieve .	leaking like	fbi	a proverbial sieve

2106	they should be executed just like people that get in trouble for having too many stickers on their car . also people that have their windows tinted . && why window tint though ? lol	it 's ugly . plus where i 'm at it 's like a huge no no that could lead to getting your license suspended . so why not just cut off their head too ?	's like	where i 'm at	a huge no no

2107	when the rest of the world seems insane , you 're probably insane . && you should really keep that in mind as you as you projectile vomit nonsense about other countries .	what i said went in one ear an out the other huh ? it 's like a wind tunnel in there .	's like	ear	a wind tunnel in

2108	the female commander shepard from the mass effect series . && female commander shepard is more canon to me than male shepard . she just works so much better . she interacts with the universe in a much better sense .	i 've only ever played male shep but he was like a wet cardboard cutout of a person .	was like	male shepard	a wet cardboard cutout

2109	hillary plans on reshaping it to leave nothing up to the mind . && have a second pillar that sprouts from the main shaft and has bunny ears on it	she 's going to build an add - on that makes it shaped like a coat hanger and turn it into a mandatory abortion clinic .	shaped like	it	a coat hanger

2110	i was really hoping he 'd latch onto that trolley in front of him and then " power of love " by huey lewis and the news plays . && i hate manure	why do n't you act like a tree and get outa here ? !	act like	you	a tree

2111	what is the stupidest thing you have ever had to explain to somebody ? && jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams .	do n't you mean you had to explain that metal does n't need to melt to become pliable and bend like a noodle ? ( in case you do n't get it . )	bend like	metal	a noodle

2112	why ca n't you state your case without personal attacks ? && i notice you did n't say the same to the previous guy calling " liar " . ligma	but but was is ligma ? ( i will do my part to finish the setup or it 's like a unfinished high five )	's like	ligma	a unfinished high five

2113	lol 3k wo n't last long there && i 'm doing a month in norway just by woofing ! great way to save $ and see nature !	what like barking like a dog ?	barking like	i	a dog

2114	long time lurker but i just want to share my very first piece ! && sick piece ! also is that a lenovo y50 ? i have one and it looks exactly like that , great laptop !	haha yeah it is the y510p still runs like a dream	runs like	y510p	a dream

2115	what kind of motorcycle && it 's just a little 250cc yamaha v - star . i want to get a yamaha bolt , but i 'm trying to pay off school loans first .	i started with a 250cc honda cbr and moved onto a yamaha fj-09 now ( three bikes later ) that little 250 was like a bear on a tricycle for me lol	was like	little 250	a  a bear on a tricycle

2116	false , no one has popcorn after the first 15 - 20 mins of the movie && really ? mine always seems to last entirely too long .	whoa you 're like a freakin unicorn , want to be my new movie buddy ?	're like	you	a freakin unicorn

2117	in your opinion , what is the saddest song ? && arms of an angel , bc puppies	this song was sang at my cousins funeral before the aspca commercials , so now it 's like a double stab to the heart when a commercial comes on	's like	arms of an angel	a double stab to the heart

2118	i assume they have a birthday cake in the car and do n't want to muss the frosting . && that 's a much brighter perspective than most of us have of these people	that they drive like a constipated dog ?	drive like	they	a dog

2119	what is something you 've done that most people have n't ? && broke the heads off 4 diablo drivers at golf ranges in the span of a month . i was swinging how i normally do ...	do you normally swing like a spastic gorilla ?	swing like	you	a spastic gorilla

2120	scrappy doo . && the fact that they literally made him the villain in the movie remake ) says just about everything you need to know about scrappy doo .	that movie sucked . the entire movie is like a bad fanfiction	is like	the entire movie	a bad fanfiction

2121	you wo n't . america is n't going anywhere . && its power and influence is though .	not really . america is like a rich bully . some people do n't like him , but he can pretty much do whatever he wants .	is like	america	a rich bully

2122	thank you . it 's not like the court found an annoying hippie mom and took her children and vaccinated them . && i wish the courts would vaccinate those children .	it could be run like a game park in africa . buy a permit for 5 hippie kids and the you can take your dart gun and go hunting .	run like	vaccinate those children	a game park in africa

2123	you put the clothes straight into the washing machine ? i 'm bout that hamper life . && yeah that 's just a waste of water . and how ya going to seperare your whites then ?	momma always said life is like a load of laundry . you got ta separate the colors from the whites .	is like	life	a load of laundry

2124	depression is a kind of tired that sleep does n't fix . && depression is like when you 're standing at a fridge full of food and ca n't find anything to eat , but with life .	this is like a missing alanis morissette lyric .	is like	depression	a missing alanis morissette lyric

2125	the special people in td are actually celebrating this . not surprised but surprised at the same time . && the russian trolls are celebrating this * anyone with a dissenting opinion has probably already been banned .	i 've managed to maintain my duck blind , but i 've never actually posted there . it 's like a zoo , i do n't get in enclosure with the chimps .	's like	it	a zoo

2126	well , we both know the game and we 're gon na play it . && then let me ask you - on a hot summer night , would you offer your throat to the wolf with the red roses ?	are you hungry like a wolf ?	hungry like	you	a wolf

2127	what minor inconvenience makes you unreasonably angry ? && my kids and my wife	when you put the kid in the car and you close the door . that little walk around to your own door , it 's like a carnival cruise . louis ck	's like	little walk around	a carnival cruise

2128	a parasite is not the same species as it 's host . that 's a biological fact . that vitriol is stale and untrue && it 's a simile dwight , he 's not literally saying it 's a parasite	and humanity is like a virus or a cancer , that 's hateful and edgy too	is like	humanity	a virus or a cancer

2129	inedible food , stiff upper lip balm , great tv shows that have too few episodes , and a million dr who episodes . && british cop shows are so much better than american	sherlock is like a constant taste from a drug dealer , who then says he is out of stock and wo nt get more in for a couple years .	is like	sherlock	a constant taste from a drug dealer

2130	they could finish the movies with a trilogy , and the third movie be about the japanese samurai secret service . && that 'd be predictable . needs to be a secret service from ecuador or something .	mexican secret service based off aztecs . imagine one of them waving around something like this but the edges can rotate like a chainsaw .	rotate like	the edges	a chainsaw

2131	toad on my porch needed a hat so i made it happen . && toad is either going to run superjail , or lead the mardi gras parade	ah superjail , it 's like a harmless 10 minute acid trip .	's like	superjail	a harmless 10 minute acid trip

2132	with weed having been legalized in some states , what 's next to become legal ? && let it be kinder eggs	if this happened it would be huge for the conpany ( ferrero ? ) . it would be like a fidget spinner type craze i bet !	be like	weed having been legalized in some states	a fidget spinner type

2133	hey ! do n't talk about america like that . i prefer ' dumpster ' && lol . i kind of figured trashcan would be more polite than dumpster , no ?	maybe it 's like a really nice dumpster . freshly cleaned , freshly painted ... but still , it 's a dumpster none the less	's like	america	a dumpster

2134	i have a friend that seriously believes that the moon is hollow ... && can you prove it is n't ?	when the nasa astronauts landed on the moon they put a flagpole in the moon . if it was hollow it would have exploded like a punctured balloon !	exploded like	the moon	a punctured balloon

2135	hey everyone && i 'm still up because i hate getting ready for bed . it 's so annoying to have to go through such a boring ritual . anyone else feel that way ?	totally ! especially on sunday nights . it 's like a war altogether	's like	getting ready for bed	a war

2136	what is a super depressing song ? && heavy- linkin park	hated it at the time of the release . after chester passed away , i got it ... and man , did it hit like a bus .	hit like	heavy	a bus

2137	we will use the veins and arteries of hormone free cattle && " this burger is delicious ! " " can you taste the hormone and antibiotic free beef ? " " no , i just think it 's delicious "	a&w ads are like a window into a parallel universe where hamburgers are a central focal point of all culture .	are like	a&w ads	a window into a parallel universe

2138	in direct sunlight with no breeze . && and wearing formal attire .	you would think a gown like that would breathe and be comfortable , but no , it 's like a greenhouse just collecting heat and trapping it .	's like	a gown	a greenhouse

2139	bubble baths and reading harry potter , tbh . && ooooh maybe i should hit up lush and get a bubble bath going this weekend . and hp is <3	harry potter is like a warm blanket for me , i always read it when i 'm having a bad time and lose myself in it .	is like	harry potter	a blanket

2140	what 's your favorite song over 8 minutes ? && moya - godspeed you black emperor !	one of my favourite pieces of music full stop . the ending is like a waltz for the apocalypse but my god is it beautiful	is like	the ending	a waltz for the apocalypse

2141	not because he wants to . && he should n't worry . republicans will ask 3 questions and they will be done in 5 minutes . also they do n't understand technology ....	sure they do . it 's like a series of tubes as i recall .	's like	republicans will ask 3 questions and they will be done in 5 minutes	a series of tubes

2142	bill clinton was impeached to completion . && bill clinton was never convicted in the senate so you can not be correct .	impeachment is like a trial . the trial was completed . the verdict was ( in this metaphor ) not guilty . that 's completion .	is like	impeachment	a trial

2143	there are entire sections of your life you probably do n't remember && if life is a pie chart then i ca n't remember the section i have n't lived yet .	life is like a pie , yummy .	is like	life	a pie

2144	the bay 's water is nt even that cold ... && when i visited sam fransico from canada i thought your water was like a bath . so warm compared to vancouver 's coast	when i visited camada from the north pole i thought your water was like a bath . so warm compared to the arctic coast	was like	your water	a bath

2145	trying to stay optimistic . it 's hard sometimes . && just remember trump is n't nearly as popular as people think he is . and for the people that hate him , they do it passionately .	yes we do . but he has ever been like a fungus that just wo n't go away .	been like	trump	a fungus

2146	lego fire walk && you know what s worse than stepping on legos ? landmines .	try stepping on a uk plug , it 's like a caltrop . a kettle plug does make a handy flail in a pinch though .	's like	a uk plug	a caltrop

2147	my favorite color is black . so , i guess i 'm a more intense version of you . && we are all just more intense versions of someone else .	i would hate to meet the most intense version of me . it 's like a russian nesting doll of depression and psychosis .	's like	the most intense version of me	a russian nesting doll

2148	to be fair , 100 % chance i would trip too . i would be toast in a horror movie ! && ofcourse you would trip , you 're in a horror movie !	this is like a chicken and the egg situation .	is like	you 're in a horror movie	a chicken and the egg situation

2149	that student has the creativity of a desk . he just picked the first thing he saw when he was filling out the survey . && he lacks the personality of a ... survey .	yeah he 's like a ... a reddit comment	's like	he	a comment

2150	watch imperium && and swiss army man	watch swiss army man if you want to see him act like a literal bloated - corpse - turned - fart - jetski . terribly over - rated movie .	act like	him	a literal bloated - corpse - turned - fart - jetski

2151	honestly , probably pretty easily . they went after hawaii yesterday . hawaii . that 's like attacking puppies or sunshine . && i feel like they will forever resent hawaii as a whole simply because of obama .	could n't agree more . it 's like a piece of kenya broke off and ended up in the middle of the pacific ...	's like	they will forever resent hawaii as a whole simply because of obama	a it 's like a piece of kenya broke off and ended up in the middle of the pacific

2152	true , m'baku is more probable to be king if replaced , but shuri still could be the panther . && shuri does n't know how to fight either	the heart shaped orb gave t'challa his strength and instincts to fight like a black panther .. shuri basically just has to drink that violet juice	fight like	t'challa	a black panther

2153	peanut butter in the fridge , jelly in the cupboard . bread in the sink , knife on the counter . && wait you keep peanut butter outside the fridge ?	yeah , makes it easier to spread . in the fridge it becomes like a rock you have to carve .	becomes like	peanut butter	a rock you have to carve

2154	your what ? && flat earther kkk must be hilarious	i thought the only people crazy enough to think the earth was flat were white people so i bet it would be like a family outing for some	be like	the only people crazy enough to think the earth was flat	a family outing

2155	' try to imagine that you are a tree . how do you want to look out here ? ' || here 's a random painting ||code ||feedback|| && bob ross bot , i think i love you	' just let go and fall like a little waterfall . ' || here 's a random painting ||code ||feedback||	fall like	i	a waterfall

2156	magical . && this is the most beautiful sentence i have ever read .	really ? because > expectantly he looked at his progenitor , his youthful face shining like a torch but pink and with a nose in the middle .	shining like	his youthful face	a torch

2157	opening the kitchen and my mind today . here 's to all the other cooks out there . && real maple syrup while high is amazing	log cabin maple syrup is like a walmart funded mom and pop store . real maple gangsters try hard to get forest connects . that s the top shelf	is like	log cabin maple syrup	a walmart

2158	or just white noise . that echo is the worst . && plop plop plop plop plop	multiple plops are the worst . it 's like a game , you got ta shift around in the toilet seat dodging each posidons kiss	's like	multiple plops	a game

2159	guybrush threepwood there 's something about a guy with a ponytail & a goatee && first you should stop waving it around like a feather duster !	how appropriate . you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

2160	mushrooms and onions is a winning choice combo && actually a fresh chicken parmesan sausage . not the most photogenic of pizza meats	it looks good but needs work . rest the dough for 3 days and crust will rise like a pillow . a bit more sauce too . shape and charring is great	rise like	crust	a pillow

2161	if there were an olympics for average people , what would some of the events be ? && spreadsheets ? please say there is a spreadsheet event .	" i want it to be like a spread sheet but in a power point slide show . " - my boss	be like	an olympics	a spread sheet

2162	when you eat food , is it inside your body ? && as opposed to ?	since food goes down a two way tube inside the human body , could you say it 's inside the body . kinda like a donut or straw .	kinda like	a two way tube inside the human body	a donut or straw

2163	what little things greatly improve your day ? && seeing my girlfriend . even if we do n't do anything special and just sit there makes my day .	apparently , it 's like a drug . seeing your loved ones make you feel good since your brain releases some pleasure hormones .	's like	seeing my girlfriend	a drug

2164	the " there is no such thing as wrong opinions " is just an opinion && except for flat earthers ... we can all agree their opinions are silly and wrong .	yea , we all know the earth is shaped like a truncated icosahedron	shaped like	the earth	a truncated icosahedron

2165	internet explorer is the magikarp of internet browsers && no because it never evolves to anything great	except that time it evolved into edge . which is n't really better , it 's like a shiny magikarp . neat at first , but still useless	's like	internet explorer	a shiny magikarp

2166	okay fine . they 're like riding a fat girl . it 's fun till your friends catch you doing it . && fat shaming much ? ?	okay fine . a truckload of crocs is like a truckload of dead babies . both are best unloaded with a pitchfork .	is like	crocs	dead babies

2167	maybe this can break the video game movie curse . && people said the same thing about warcraft and assassins creed	tbf uncharted is already very cinematic and structured like a movie . much more than any other video game adapted into a movie i can think of .	structured like	tbf uncharted	a movie

2168	if northerners are bad about " you think that 's cold ? " , martian colonists are going to be insufferable . && southerners * for us in the other hemisphere	eath is flat . your sentence could only make sense if earth was like a ball .	was like	earth	a ball

2169	what is a minor thing that infuriates you when eating at a restaraunt ? && if a couple at a table next to me is being loud and overly affectionate	similarly , big groups , always with the one person who is shouting and laughing like a drunk hyena .	laughing like	the one person	a drunk hyena

2170	home depot supports trump ? && apparently home depot co - founder bernie marcus endorsed donald trump for president , but he 's not with home depot <url> mute point	it 's a moo point . it 's like a cow 's opinion- it does n't matter .	's like	bernie marcus endorsed donald trump for president	a cow's opinion

2171	ah , the old <url> classic of attacking anyone who is n't part of the hivemind ... fun times . && not attacking , the man clearly does n't understand how polls work .	<url> : the army of people who could n't actually elaborate arguments and just repeated a couple of phrases . you 're like a very limited markov chain bot	're like	you	a very limited markov chain bot

2172	happens to me with cs . the more iplay it the worse i get leave it a month and suddenly i m dominating games ... eh ? && this happens to me often , i both hate and love it	same . i love it because whooo destroy everything but i hate it because a week later i m aiming like a carrot	aiming like	i	a carrot

2173	i really do n't think an eu military is possible before a political union . && nato is a thing and that did n't require a political union .	nato is over reliant on usa , if you took usa out , nato would fold like a deck of cards .	fold like	nato	a deck of cards

2174	right ? what 's with the whole ' proud to be dumb ' thing ? && at least they 're not nerdy , right ? ( posted from pocket computer with a silly avatar )	yea , cuz the stem field is like a total dead end ..... /s	is like	the stem field	a total dead end

2175	ca nt wait till countries start calling it gambling and outlawing it . && mighty belgium is already on the case . surely all the dominoes will fall into place behind this grand titan ...	if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes should fall like a house of cards . checkmate .	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

2176	what 's the ugliest car ever made ? && the nissan cube	top two in this thread are nissan . i 'll submit my pick for worst nissan design , the nissan quest . it is shaped like a brick with wheels .	shaped like	nissan design	a brick with wheels

2177	i thought it was a great joke , but you ruined it by explaining it so now it 's a moo point . && that s the first time i 've heard that expression .	yeah . it 's like a cow 's opinion . it does n't matter . " the point is moo . "	's like	a moo point	a cow's opinion

2178	whataburger monterrey melt && i would go to whata if it was as close as the sonic and if i wanted a full meal . but i 'm more of a jalapeño cheeseburger kinda guy .	the monterrey melt is like a jalapeno cheeseburger . except 10x better	is like	the monterrey melt	a jalapeno cheeseburger

2179	amazing technique for this france goal && the spin he got on that is absurd . might be the goal of the tournament so far , especially considering its importance .	do n't forget the nacho goal vs portugal . it went like a bullet and similar technique .	went like	the nacho goal	a bullet

2180	shs is desperately trying to get out with enough dignity to land a job at fox news ( though she 's not their type ) . && all it takes is a bottle of blond hair dye	and she needs to raise her right eye like half an inch . she 's like a value bin mr potato head	's like	she	a value bin mr potato head

2181	what discontinued food / drink do you miss the most ? && butterfinger bbs	i remember a wafer pb bar , i do n't remember what it was called , but it was like a butterfinger had a baby with a kit kat . it was very good .	was like	butterfinger bbs	a butterfinger had a baby with a kit kat

2182	( nsfw ) what have you found out about someone that you would never tell them you know ? && that her bf is going to propose !	wow this is like a break in the horror , i hope all goes well ! ! p.s. - pls give an update	is like	her bf is going to propose	a break in the horror

2183	roses are red violets are blue they do n't think it be like it is , but it do && roses are red violets are blue i 'm schizophrenic so am i	roses are red , dueling banjos are jiggy , you got a purty mouth , now squeal like a piggy .	squeal like	you	a piggy

2184	look at his profile . he is a throaway && i know . they made an account just for that post . it 's pathetic .	it 's funny watching you guys . you still have no idea what is going on . figuring it out would be like a fish figuring out the water in which it swims .	be like	figuring it out	a fish figuring out the water in which it swims

2185	is this because all the teenagers are zonked out on pharmaceuticals now ... ? i do n't understand the world . && yeah , did n't you know ? all teenagers are required to take xanax and percocet daily .	in my time we just flowed like a harpoon daily and nightly .	flowed like	we	a harpoon

2186	with enemies , you know where they stand , but with neutrals ? who knows ! it sickens me . && oddly one of the most insightful things he ever said .	" if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate . "	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

2187	wait what ? you 're saying i 'll forget the layout of my own home ? && only if you you post the pics without waiting the full week .	so it is like a curse ? i get it .	is like	only if you you post the pics without waiting the full week	a curse

2188	all aboard the upvote train , boys ! && woot woot ! i 'm running out of reasons to upvote . you made me realize that , so i 'll give you an upvote .	you 've reminded me that everything in life is finite and should be treated like a gift . take my ⇧	treated like	everything in life	a gift

2189	tumpsters are brigading , trying to discredit this thread && " trying " being used generously by you . most desperate i 've seen them ... like ever .	oh , they are triggered tonight . it is like a swarm of delusional bees mistaking cow patties for flowers	is like	they	a swarm of delusional bees mistaking cow patties for flowers

2190	shows flashes of some pretty nasty hands at times . see : that sick toe drag last year . && broke malkin 's ankles on that toe drag . goal of the year candidate for me .	it was like a back of toe drag . i do n't know what you call it .	was like	some pretty nasty hands	a back of toe drag

2191	if nautical nonsense be something you wish && spongebob squarepants !	then drop on the deck and flop like a fish ! time for sleep now . no , that 's not part of the song . curtsies good night	flop like	spongebob squarepants	a fish

2192	you guys are going to die over my saint patrick 's day joke && if you think that 's rich , gather around and hear out my pancake day joke .	arrrrr ye be laughing like a barrel over me talk like a pirate day joke	talk like	you	a barrel

2193	what are you still salty about ? && i was lead on like a caboose by this girl . never been more lead on in my life .	it always sucks knowing that you got played like a fiddle	played like	you	a fiddle

2194	wild bill will be one of the most interesting players to watch next season 23.4 % shooting ca n't be sustainable .... right ? please ? && wild bill is gon na take us to church	but will we worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies ?	worship like	we	a dog

2195	video games , acting like philosophy changes reality , and thinking personal views of things like religion and love matter . && is funny because just you thinking those thoughts has a massive effect on the thoughts elsewhere .	an opinion on the internet is like a grain of sand on a beach . it is completely worthless unless people were already paying attention .	is like	an opinion on the internet	a grain of sand on a beach

2196	what 's your favorite word in the english language ? && susurrus the whisper of the wind through the trees	yay , this is mine , too . i have a lisp , though , so my relationship with it is like a cheese - lover who 's lactose - intolerant .	is like	my relationship with it	a cheese - lover who 's lactose - intolerant

2197	please stand up && please stand up	i 'm like a head trip to listen to 'cause i 'm only giving you , things you joke about with your friends inside your living room	'm like	i	a head trip

2198	the power of beer ! && except the mormon guy . pretty nice <url> a permanent dd .	just hook him up with non - caffeinated root beer , he 'll be set like a jet . ( saying that as someone who grew up with many mormon friends )	set like	he	a jet

2199	i think zidane learned from it and stepped down right after the third .. i think i 'm doing it wrong && he did actually retire before 2006 but was called back because we were struggling to qualify	and zidane played like a god in 2006 i still remember his performance against brazil	played like	zidane	a god

2200	ladies of reddit , what underwear do you prefer on a man ? && boxer briefs .	apparently , this is the only answer . i feel like i 've been living like a caveman in my stupid boxers all these years !	living like	i	a caveman

2201	oh god i ca n't consider spam food , i just ca n't && why ? it only has six ingredients , none of which are sketchy .	i think it 's the way it jiggles like a gelatinous blob . i ca n't imagine putting it in my mouth .	jiggles like	spam food	a gelatinous blob

2202	he 's definitely in contention for goat actor && right after tim .	if tim could act like a goat , they 'd be talking to him & he 'd be making jokes about brando being the greatest actor of all time .	act like	tim	a goat

2203	yup . that attitude is n't what got trump elected or anything . please keep doubling down && oh no , did the racist get triggered by being called a racist ? boo hoo hoo .	lol please keep going . please keep proving the winners of the election right . i swear you 're like a windup doll	're like	you	a windup doll

2204	yay another movie about a white person discovering a culture . && bit of an assumption to make based on a poster do n't you think ?	well there 's a trailer too . that 's like a couple thousand moving posters if you think about it .	's like	movie	a  a couple thousand moving posters

2205	i ca n't say i have . i have had monster muscle milk or something like that , that got thick like a snot . not my cup of tea . && fight milk ?	it gives me the power to fight like a crow !	fight like	me	a crow

2206	what were the " facts " you learned in school , that are no longer true ? && america needed to drop the a - bomb on japan to save lives .	bs . that 's like a side effect- we did n't go there saying let 's save some lives . we went their to avenge pearl harbor and beat japan .	's like	america needed to drop the a - bomb on japan to save lives	a side effect

2207	what really is n't that bad ? && the pain from getting a tattoo . i thought it was going to be pretty bad but it really just felt like a light bee sting .	it was like a light bee sting over and over but i agree that it 's not too bad . i think the itch while it heals is worse	was like	tattoo	a light bee sting over and over

2208	lets be honest , it is adam sandler , there will be a sickening amount of product placements . && where on a scale of wayne-----------garth would you say sandlers product placement sits ?	jack and jill put the bar pretty high up . the whole movie is like a series of commercials .	is like	the whole movie	a series of commercials

2209	any type . i prefer whole , because it 's so thick , but if you like 2 % , go for it && hmmmmm ok . i have vanilla soy milk . might try it .	i 'd just go plain . vanilla would taste like a white russian , and those are gross	taste like	vanilla	a white russian

2210	it 's an old old nickname , funnily enough not star wars related lol && how come you 're killing time on ask reddit ? are you waiting for something ?	i just have a lot of free time , and i enjoy talking to people online and contributing to discussions . it 's like a mental exercise i guess .	's like	talking to people online and contributing to discussions	a mental exercise

2211	it is at scary speed now . i am concerned for america && things speed up toward the end .	watergate ebbed and flowed . towards the end it was like a torrent of information . but i do nt think we 're at the end yet . what a time to be alive .	was like	watergate	a torrent of information

2212	i 'm hoping his more skittish conspirators freak out and jump ship after cohen and manafort , maybe flip aswell . no basis on this but one can dream && don jr. flipping would be freakin ' hilarious .	don jr would fold like a lawn chair . they 're all cowards . they only want to save themselves .	fold like	don jr	a lawn chair

2213	yes but how good would kyrie be if the basketball was flat ? checkmate && are we saying a cubed basketball or just depleted of air ? ?	oh no , i 'm talking like a pancake getting run over by a steamroller levels of flat	talking like	basketball	a pancake getting run over by a steamroller levels of flat

2214	what is a good parenting tip that sounds like a bad parenting tip ? && react to falls and scrapes without alarm . your reaction teaches them to make it a big deal .	my dad always said " get up boy , you ai n't hurt " jeez i 'm like a carbon copy lol	'm like	i	a carbon copy

2215	for some reason the dabbing frog make me laugh every time . && dat boi ?	no it 's like a real toad that dabs to a song . which btw i really like the song i just do n't know what it is . now imma try and find it .	's like	the dabbing frog	a real toad

2216	yea . those are really well done . but there 's no way i could eat them without confusing my brain . && it 's the cadbury creme egg dilemma .	except you already know a cadbury creme egg is going to taste like a bag of sugar sucked off a hershey 's bar and spat the splooge into a foil wrapper .	taste like	a cadbury creme egg	a bag of sugar sucked off a hershey 's bar and spat the splooge into a foil wrapper

2217	looks great . that steering wheel certainly is chunky . i miss my s2000 ... && same , i have not met one ex - s2000 owners that did not miss it . most regret selling it .	i wish i could fit in one . i 'm 6'5 and the car for me is like a torture chamber . still was fun to drive , i instead settled on a scion fr - s.	is like	the car	a torture chamber

2218	that works too ! fyi - i 've popped feed store popcorn , it 's pretty good ! && i like how excited you are about feed store popcorn .	and the thing is i am ! it 's like a hidden easter egg . it 's super cheap , tastes great , & just as good as anything i 've bought in the supermarket aisle !	's like	feed store popcorn	a hidden easter egg

2219	i m aware , good tv show , awful ending && i actually liked the ending	it was like a big crime novel having the whole book as a build up then in the last page just going " yeah he killed them and was arrested now he s dead "	was like	good tv show , awful ending	a big crime novel having the whole book as a build up then in the last page just going " yeah he killed them and was arrested now he s dead "

2220	but she 's a horse , that 's hard to satisfy . && well satisfying a horse is also illegal in some countries , so i think it was for the best .	your saying she 's fat ? you monster ! she 's like a horse in bed . just kidding btw . how you doing ?	's like	she	a horse in bed

2221	what is 1 useful thing you 've learned in all your years of redditing ? && the comments are always funnier than the posts , even if the post is a joke .	yea , i spent a full year on reddit before i actually started going into the comments . it was like a whole new world .	was like	reddit	a whole new world

2222	it means making a friend , then meeting their friends , and then theirs . stop thinking of socialization as a " social circle " and more like a chain . && more like a web .	if it 's like a web , then i 'm a fly .	's like	socialization	a web

2223	where did the comment you 're responding to say that turnout was the issue ? && i would imagine somewhere along the lines of bringing up citizens being upset ?	nope . nobody said that . turnout was n't the issue , it was people private donations to pride and sponsors that dropped like a rock .	dropped like	people private donations to pride and sponsors	a rock

2224	obviously he gon na chop your arms and legs off first so you fit . silly . && well if it is n't my old friend , hairymonkey !	less of the old . i m just aged like a fine wine .	aged like	i	a fine wine

2225	california migrants will turn the whole west blue && we need about 100k of them to move to wyoming and net us 2 senators .	stay away from my beautiful wyoming please . we like our way of life as is . ca migrants are like a spreading cancer .	are like	migrants	a spreading cancer

2226	what is one thing your so hid from you until later in the relationship ? && that she hides fruit snacks around the house so i ca n't have any .	i should do this with goldfish crackers . i love that man , but if he knows they are in the house , he 's like a vacuum .	's like	he	a vacuum

2227	the size of a grain of rice . source : am 6 weeks pregnant , doctor told me . && congrats on your rice .	thank you ! it 's hard looking at a bowl of rice the same now . it 's like a million of my babies .	's like	a bowl of rice	a million of my babies

2228	reddit is like a box of chocolates , ya never know what kinda punny jokes you 're gonma get && life 's like a box of chocolates ... it does n't last very long for fat people	life is like a box of chocolates . its mostly good until you encounter fruits and nuts	is like	life	a box of chocolates

2229	what 's a tv show that 's like a warm hug ? && breaking bad	what ? how is that show a warm hug ? cartels , meth , greed , power , is like a warm hug ? it 's a really great show , but definitely not a warm hug .	is like	breaking bad	a warm hug

2230	sure . i think they would forgive me . && okay , so the line is somewhere between murder and cutting of a toe . cut off their ... leg ?	i just tagged you as " entertains me " . this thread is like a cyanide and happiness strip . i love you .	is like	this thread	a cyanide and happiness strip

2231	they deliver frozen food and diary . most of their clients are old people . they have really good ice cream . && ugh i still dream about their root beer float ice creams	the breakfast pizzas were like a once a quarter miracle in my house .	were like	the breakfast pizzas	a once a quarter miracle

2232	try all those vv de meern plastics , it 's insane . && honestly , if i see one more southern united plastic i 'm done .	i love rb leipzig and think that club is beautiful and run like a dream .	run like	rb leipzig	a dream

2233	it is a vape ! just a dry herb pen ! i got it for seventy bucks . i highly recommend it ! && sweet dude thanks looks dope !	yeah dude . it hits like a champ .	hits like	vape	a champ

2234	he " would " does n't mean he " will " . there 's nothing but risk for him . && pride and stupidity are his achilles heel though .	achilles heel with icarus wings . trump is like a melting pot of greek tragedy .	is like	trump	a melting pot of greek tragedy

2235	sounds like a <url> that i 'd love to read ! && lol i love the titles this sub uses , sounds like each one is a movie line	some of the posts truly read like a movie script too .	read like	some of the posts	a movie script

2236	something something kairi 's heart dies && is that game better or worse about cutscenes than pokemon sun / moon ?	kingdom hearts makes sun / moon 's cutscenes lok like a joke . there are lots of cutscenes . at least in the sequels and remakes , you can skip them .	lok like	kingdom hearts makes sun / moon 's cutscenes	a joke

2237	killing and persecuting people , who are not like you , is pretty fascist . you 're splitting hairs here . && til nearly every regime was fascist . please , go on .	if it quacks like a duck ...	quacks like	every regime	a duck

2238	my girlfriend kept telling me to treat her like a princess . && so i treated her nicely	i told her i loved her and cuddled with her while we watched netflix . she 's like a little heater , keeping me warm .	's like	my girlfriend	a little heater

2239	true . i 'd still pay to see a justin v. donald cage fight though . && trump ca n't walk 700 m without needing a golf cart	does n't trump subscribe to some idea that your body is like a battery and exercise just wears it out faster ? edit : here 's the source .	is like	your body	a battery

2240	what do you mean , roll the bottom ? are you opening the bag at the bottom ? && you slowly make the inside the outside . it it clearer ?	wrong , open the top only , then push the bottom in and roll it ... should look kinda like a sailor hat , if that makes sense ?	kinda like	the bag	a sailor hat

2241	xbox 's gamepass is a terrible idea && why is it a good thing for brick and mortar game stores to exist ? i do n't miss blockbuster and will not miss game stop . the future is all digital .	gamestop will exist . my local ones are already 60 % memorabilia / collectables and board games . they will adapt . they are like a virus .	are like	xbox 's gamepass	a virus

2242	imagine someone of the future going through the archives and reading this stuff . that would be pretty cool && if you 're from the future reading through this , hello !	hey everyone in the future edit : maybe one day this thread will be like a time capsule of 2010 's culture .	be like	this thread	a time capsule of 2010 's culture

2243	mustafa ataturk just spun in his grave ... again . && they should put magnets on him and put him in a copper coil and at least get some free energy out of the whole thing .	i 've seen this joke posted after literally every mention of ataturk and it always gets up voted . it 's like a race to get the free karma .	's like	it always gets up voted	a race to get the free karma

2244	there 's no way && what are you going to do with this fascinating new information ?	well i 'm in my truck , i tried comparing my arm to leg , there is now way it 's only half . although i am built like a goblin	built like	i	a goblin

2245	was n't that quote from kung pow ? && you must excuse <person> ... he is an idiot . we have purposely trained him wrong , as a joke .	but his anger is like a monkey in a piñata .	is like	his anger	a monkey

2246	wow . i must be remebering the figures from early in the campaign . && erdogan said the world got a lecture in democratic election , technically true , he just did n't say what the lecture was about .	" democracy is like a train - when you reach your destination you get off . " ~ erdogan	is like	democracy	a train

2247	i 've got a different system . the name 's mantis , mantis toboggan , md . && i 've got my magnum condoms , i 've got my wad of hundreds , i 'm ready to plow	you should see him feast , he 's like a mantis	's like	he	a mantis

2248	they will think this news is fake . that 's how deep in they are . && you 've got to giuliani it . it 's coming and not coming	so it 's like a tantric blue wave	's like	this new	a tantric blue wave

2249	this is the fish machine gun && no , a fish gun is a device that shoots fish sadly no video of the muzzle , though .	ah , my friend ... you 're truly missing out . here , allow me . it 's like a fish roller coaster ride .	's like	a fish gun	a fish roller coaster ride

2250	currently dankrupt had to scavange pretty hard for this bowl , hope it 's worth it . && for some that 's enough to reach orbit .	lol believe me that 's like a blunt for some of my friends , i 'm about to hit it i 'll tell u how fried i get	's like	currently dankrupt	a blunt

2251	first week of school , third year in alternative medicine . so thrilled ! && what drew you to alternative medicine ?	it 's something that spoke to me since i was in my teens ( i 'm 33 now ) . i really ca n't put it to words , but it 's like a part of me .	's like	alternative medicine	a part of me

2252	twitter link to the same video : <url> && the only thing worse than fb videos is twitter videos .	you forgot instagram . a video player with no volume control is like a car with an on / off switch instead of a gas / brake .	is like	a video player with no volume control	a car with an on / off switch instead of a gas / brake

2253	can you give some examples ? && pretty much these .	oh i 'm getting it now . and if the quote is " live laugh love " in swirly cursive , that 's like a mega bonus , right ?	's like	the quote is " live laugh love " in swirly cursive	a mega bonus

2254	why would they threaten the security of the vice president by not having guns around ? && a nra convention is literally a gathering of good guys with guns , literally their wet dream when it comes to security ! /s	one car backfires outside and it 'll be like a game of fortnite .	be like	one car backfires outside	a game of fortnite

2255	no one teaches us , we just learn to ignore the trauma . && and then even if we can identify this as a problem we have no idea how to fix it .	emotional vulnerability is like a muscle that needs to be exercised . if you practice , you can get better at it and it will get easier .	is like	emotional vulnerability	a muscle

2256	what movie is ruined the most if you replace the lead actor with adam sandler ? && forest gump	' my momma always said , life is like a box of chocolates . ' ' well folks , momma 's wrong again ! '	is like	life	a box of chocolates

2257	live in austin , confuse people && is n't austin full of democrats though ?	but only 17 % of their reps are dem . the city is sliced like a pizza to include outside burbs , which makes five of the six districts republican	sliced like	the city	a pizz

2258	two songs come to mind : ( i ) karma police ; and ( ii ) first it giveth ( then it taketh away ) && karma police , arrest this man / his golfing polo is making me feel ill	he buzzes like a fridge , he 's like a detuned radio not the next line , but pretty accurate !	's like	he	a detuned radio

2259	just bought my first musical instrument . && it 's basically a grown up , sexy recorder . you 're going to have a great time !	shudder recorder is the worst sounding thing ever . i 'd say it 's like a grown up , sexier kazoo .	's like	shudder recorder	a grown up , sexier kazoo

2260	yeah , that still wo n't settle it . there are two pizza places near us that have significantly different styles . && alfredo 's pizza cafe and pizza by alfredo ?	pizza by alfredo 's pizza is like a hot circle of garbage	is like	pizza by alfredo 's pizza	a hot circle of garbage

2261	i say buy the victorinox chef knife and with the extra $ $ get this one . <url> && i love my victorinox bread knife - super versatile	i do n't have a victorinox specifically , but bread knives are amazing for pretty much anything soft . i use mine on tomatoes and it is like a dream .	is like	bread knives	a dream

2262	because it melted salt over time ? i had one do that to a wooden table . oops . && exactly , i did n't know they melted until i got a very sticky hand	they absorb the moisture out of the air . so it works like a very ineffective dehumidifier .	works like	they	a very ineffective dehumidifier

2263	no matter how hard you try , what is something you just ca n't do ? && resist making bad puns when i 'm set up .	then why did you say your puns were like a piece of paper ?	were like	your puns	a piece of paper

2264	you promise ? && remember , nixon and agnew tried to leave with a semblance of dignity . trump will drag as many down with him as he can .	it 'll be like a fat orange satan being flung from heaven , ripping and tearing everything around him as he falls .	be like	trump	a fat orange satan being flung from heaven

2265	a full body massage at least an hour .... with a happy ending . ( only because you marked it nsfw ) && as a serious reply , this . if you 've never had a massage , you should	i 've never had a massage but i feel like i would bruise like a peach .	bruise like	i	a peach

2266	i 've also read a study that could n't detect a difference in speed between the 3gb / s and the 6gb / s cables . && us oldies remember when hdmi did n't carry audio .	us real oldies remember scart . it was like a fat hdmi	was like	scart	a fat hdmi

2267	cat on my leg . what do i do ? && try just moving your leg around slowly . she 'll probably feel the movement and feel uncomfortable , prompting her to move .	i almost fully arched the thing , she 's like a ragdoll right now . i need a way to bait her or something .	's like	cat	a ragdoll

2268	think of the carnage on renaults page when palmer gets dumped <url> the horror . && he gets better with experience you twats he only needed twelve more seasons!11 ! !	no need to be harsh on jolyon . he 's like a fine wine ; gets better with age .	's like	jolyon	a fine wine

2269	by the sounds of it it was just a draft contract . not official . && username relevant ? mark ?	lol . no , not messier . the nickname was given to me through hockey though . because apparently i skate like a moose .	skate like	i	a moose

2270	yeah , that boat blew a tire and went off the rails . && that was almost like driving down the highway in a four door canoe when the wings fall off .	these dominoes are going to fall like a house of cards , checkmate .	fall like	these dominoes	a house of cards

2271	all i 'm claiming is that shut - ins that have no problem being one are degenerates . && and that 's stupid . but you do you .	please explain why that 's stupid , and why is it okay to live like a selfish parasite .	live like	you	a parasite

2272	beatles being funny . && watch " a hard day 's night . " it 's full of the beatles doing / saying goofy stuff like this .	it 's been a hard day 's night and i 've been working like a dog	working like	i	a dog

2273	" but none of them say " collusion " though . i 'm playing checkers while you guys are playing chess ! touchdown ! " && that 's a bingo ! connect 4 ! jumanji !	" if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominos will fall like a house of cards . checkmate ! " -trump zapp brannigan	fall like	the rest of the dominos	a house of cards

2274	people who have played hockey before how scary is it to block a shot ? i 'd be terrified . && i 'm a goalie so it 's slightly less terrifying for me	please , that beard of yours is like a third glove	is like	that beard of yours	a third glove

2275	i do n't need to because we 're on the same level of sanity . && ... low levels ? mine is like a thermometer in the freezing cold of space .	that 's intense . mine is like a single without a date on valentine 's day .	is like	mine	a single without a date on valentine 's day

2276	we are punjabi so we understand the song and when my grandma found it she thought it was hilarious and made my grandpa put it up . && what 's the song about ?	no clue it 's like a meme that is in our family	's like	the song	a meme

2277	what movie is so quotable that you think other people would know from just one line ? && hello , my name 's forrest , forrest gump	" life is like a box of chocolates " .	is like	life	a box of chocolates

2278	most honest verizon rep ever ? && it 's not illegal . welcome to the world of acceptable use policies !	nobody said it was illegal . he was talking about it being ileagle . which i believe means it 's like a sickly predatory bird .	's like	the world of acceptable use policies	a sickly predatory bird

2279	no matter how many times i read that , i keep hearing tom hanks speaking it . && missing nukes are like a box of chocolates , you never know what you going to get	life is like a box of chocolates . it does n't last long when you 're fat .	is like	life	a box of chocolates

2280	if you watch a movie where there 's no character development , it 's a boring movie . imagine living with that . && when you expect life to be a movie , you will always be disappointed .	my car is like a movie	is like	my car	a movie

2281	what 's your most uncomfortable / unpleasant sensation ? && restless legs when i 'm trying to fall asleep .	myself and the so both suffer from that . some nights it 's like a partys going on under the covers , and not in a sexy way .	's like	restless legs	a partys going on under the covers

2282	great name . && biologists are great at naming animals . my personal favourite : <url>	they 're named like a pokemon because their call sounds like it 's saying go away .	named like	animals	a pokemon

2283	what are obvious things you 've just become aware of ? && that the the division sign is just an incomplete fraction ÷ x / x	i just realised the # symbol is like a grid for 9 numbers .	is like a	the # symbol	a grid

2284	base ten cubes- the best part of kindergarten && i always wanted to bite them .	i did . it was so satisfying . i wanted the ten blocks to snap like a toblerone but they did n't	snap like	blocks	a toblerone

2285	imgur is a image hosting site for reddit . && do n't tell the imgurians that ...	imgur is like a colony , and we 're brits . they keep talking independence , but we just roll our eyes .	is like	imgur	a colony

2286	would you join a indonesian pirate gang and write a ransom notes for american tourist ? && i would do that for free .	but would you bark like a dog ?	bark like	you	a dog

2287	cue a bunch of lumias blasting off loudly && there s such a thing as a bunch of lumias ?	of course , it 's called a factory of lumias . after that they spread like a glacier in dubai .	spread like	a bunch of lumias	a glacier in dubai

2288	trying to change the world , i 'm going to plot and scheme && mario c likes to keep it clean	gon na shine like a sun beam	shine like	mario	a beam

2289	what secondary character 's story was never really resolved ? && treebeard / entwives	that would be like a three year long movie	be like	treebeard	a movie

2290	you what ? && i was looking for an older pictures but apparently he did it at the inauguration .	5 foot tie snapping in the wind like a bullwhip , but that orange hairdome is like a rock .	is like	orange hairdome	a rock

2291	sorry but what 's mlm ? && multi level marketing .	oh thank you i was thinking it was like a black lives matter type thing for mexicans .	was like	mlm	a black lives matter type thing for mexicans

2292	you can have any movie remade , but it has to be directed by michael bay , what movie do you choose ? && forrest gump	my mama always said life is like a box of explosives .	is like	life	a box of explosives

2293	the political propaganda videos ( india ) && china here , there 's quite a resurgence in them lately	america here , same . join the army it 's like a video game !	's like	join the army	a video game

2294	what herbivore animal would be horrifying as a carnivore ? && elephants .	grab you with their trunks and pluck you apart like a bunch of grapes .	apart like	you	a bunch of grapes

2295	what are the best , most useful , must - have google chrome extensions ? && ublock origin	does this work on kissanime ? they have so many popups on their videos it 's like a landmine .	's like	popups	a landmine

2296	idk why you 're downvoted . it 's true . && because they do n't know yet .	they do n't . the ankle collar is like a pillow it 's crazy . posted mine yesterday too .	is like	the ankle collar	a pillow

2297	no . it 's ironic . like rain . on your wedding day . && how is thay irony ! ?	because it 's like a free ride when you 've already paid .	's like	it	a free ride

2298	you 've found the least powerful genie of all time , what do you wish for ? && a spork	genie gave you a foon instead .. it 's like a spork , but worse .	's like	a foon	a spork

2299	here is a link to the whole train wreck <url> && skipped through it without audio , their body language speaks volumes .	woman in the middle is like a sphinx	is like	woman in the middle	a sphinx

2300	melatonin will do that , some people will use it to help induce lucid dreams . && til i want to take melatonin	been taking it for years , and it works like a dream . i never noticed any strange dreams with it though .	works like	melatonin	a dream

2301	el tigre ! && him and cavani both coming back in monster form at he same time .	french league is like a rejuvenation clinic for players .	is like	french league	a rejuvenation clinic

2302	cut 20 minutes out of your morning routine . && <url> whose feet are textured like waffles ?	the mesh of the drain is like a waffle .	is like	the mesh of the drain	a waffle

2303	danny devito && rum ham	you should see him feast . he 's like a mantis .	's like	he	a mantis

2304	what are we even doing here ? && i do n't know about you , but i came to play ping - pong	did you come like a torpedo ?	come like	you	a torpedo

2305	you call mahhhhhhmmmmmm && but what if its after supper ?	only if you are coughing like a seal though lol	coughing like	you are coughing	a seal

2306	is it good ? && it 's kind of like fresca , but more grapefruit flavor .	have you ever had ski ? it 's similar , and it has pulp . it 's like a more citrusy sun drop	's like	ski	a more citrusy sun drop

2307	update : feline continues to seek fully liquid state && i 'm pretty sure cats are non - newtonian fluids	so if you hit them they act like a solid ?	act like	cats	a solid

2308	sounds like park officials have something to hide . && i love the idea that this natural mystery is now a government conspiracy .	and at the end of it all , aliens . it 's like a conspiracy onion . layers man ... it 's layers !	's like	a government conspiracy	a conspiracy onion

2309	just relax , would you ? && i 'm not unrelaxed sweetpea . quit projecting .	i imagine if i licked you , you 'd taste like a battery end . so much bitterness .	taste like	you	a battery end

2310	is a donut shaped planet possible ? why or why not ? && one theory is that the universe is shaped like that <url>	is this a new theory ? i thought it was like a balloon	was like	the universe	a balloon

2311	which spice is the most overrated ? && cinnamon . it does not need to be in every baked good	and tooth care stuff . when i go to the dentist it should not taste like a shot of fireball .	taste like	cinnamon	a shot of fireball

2312	what skill would you like to master ? && the blade .	how appropriate , you fight like a cow ! am ... am i doing this right ?	fight like	you	a cow

2313	what are your biggest selling points for dating you ? && free gardening & landscaping , and i 'll help look after pets .	you 're like a <url> commercial over here ! who can pass that up ?	're like	you	a commercial

2314	i got off , i got troublesome heart inside my dna && i just win again , then win again like wimbledon i serve	yeah , that 's him again , the sound that engine in is like a bird	is like	the sound that engine in	a bird

2315	what is your favourite animated tv series and why ? && futurama . do i need a reason ?	if we can hit that bulls - eye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate !	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

2316	i was actually there on your night too . i was behind the curtains . && did you get hit with any spittle ?	no , that 's why i was behind the curtain . it was like a warzone .	was like	your night	a warzone

2317	where would a gentleman go if he wanted to aquire the abibas with four or five stripes ? && you gopnik or what ?	no , but i can squat like a champ	squat like	i	a champ

2318	customizable lightsabers are getting out of hand && of all the shapes the red guy can have he chooses a 2d umbrella .	apparently if you spin a double - sided lightsaber fast enough it works like a helicopter .	works like	a double - sided lightsaber	a helicopter

2319	then we 'd have nothing but eyesores like the rom in toronto . && what about this behemoth in reykjavik , iceland ?	ugh ! it 's like a glass beehive .	's like	this behemoth	a glass beehive

2320	he just leaves ? && i ... i mean ... it 's literally been years and i 've never thought of that ...	yeah , he made like a tree .	made like	he	a tree

2321	walk by a church at the end of service && take me to church	i 'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies	worship like	i	a dog

2322	the robot uprising will be goofier than we expected && it 's going to look really funny while they bludgeon us to death like this .	does anyone else imagine it screaming like a maniac while it runs ?	screaming like	the robot	a maniac

2323	nah bro , that would be disney 's robin hood . && this is kovu from the lion king 2 erasure	it 's not erasure , robin hood was like a cornerstone of the furry fandom .	was like	robin hood	a cornerstone

2324	" longingly stares at fine - arts degree plague " && fine arts global epidemics are the worst !	the degrees are sort of spreading like a plague , creating debilitating debt for absolutely no return in value .	spreading like	the degrees	a plague

2325	that 's how i dance ! ! && she did not appear to enjoy that	yeah i would nt be happy to be mounted like a horse then german suplexed to the ground , either	mounted like	i	a horse

2326	aw i wish you 'd told me sooner , i m in love with your brother && i do n't have a brother	well that sank like a lead balloon	sank like	i	a balloon

2327	what 's a pinch hit ? && i think it 's also called a bat .	oh , so it 's like a one - hitter . gotcha	's like	bat	a one - hitter

2328	really ? && probably only crabs . pubic hair actually decreases risk of stds	so it 's like a shield ?	's like	pubic hair	a shield

2329	what did n't you realize about yourself until someone told you ? && i walk with my feet pointing nearly 90 degrees away from one another	do you walk like a clown ?	walk like	you	a clown

2330	you gon na win tonight brooksie ? && bringing the grit	brooksie , i know you 're a decent human being , but die like a dog tonight . -a pens fan	die like	you	a dog

2331	you 're related to charlie kelly ? && sounds more like frank .	nah , this made me think charlie kelly straight away . that barking like a feral dog is trademark charlie .	barking like	charlie	a feral dog is

2332	what is a clear sign that someone is stupid ? && being closed minded	minds are like a parachute . they do n't work unless you fold them up and pack them tightly .	are like	minds	a parachute

2333	it 's not theoretically naturally forming . && no one said it was	" a planet shaped like a donut is theoretically possible " is the post we are discussing on .	shaped like	a planet	a donut

2334	i really hope di maria returns to la liga . && just not in a barca shirt though	the opposite is true for me . di maria replacing neymar is like a dream .	is like	di maria replacing neymar	a dream

2335	professor xtraya && not the hero we deserved but the one we got stuck with .	crikey mate , that xcalated like a snek up me shorts !	xcalated like	xcalated	a snek

2336	frank reynolds is always at the right orgy . && no more thirds for frankie , only seconds from now on	he gets the scraps ! you should see him feast , he s like a mantis .	s like	frank reynolds	a mantis

2337	still no proof in closing : trump is still the president . && you 're like a current events expert , huh ?	you 're like a troll with a creative handle , huh ?	're like	you	a troll

2338	old ted was n't a good driver . && good swimmer , though	he was like a fish .	was like	he	a fish

2339	he 's awful on fifa though runs like a goon and is too slow . && well that 's fifa not real life .	true on football manager 2012 he was like a machine for me .	was like	he	a machine

2340	usually it 's the reverse for me && well i put a skip and a draw two . uno	if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a deck of cards . checkmate .	fall like	the dominoes	a deck of cards

2341	is n't that copper ? && typically human blood contains iron	oh i always heard blood tasted like a penny .	tasted like	blood	a penny

2342	no , but i have a double bed for scale && i would like to see the shower now please	ok , but the shower head is shaped like a banana	shaped like	the shower head	a banana

2343	possible repression of abuse ? tw && does your childhood memories are blurred?like a dream i mean	yes they are blurred like a dream	blurred like	your childhood memories	a dream

2344	vampire bite ? && i was thinking more like a knife , but sure .	if it 's like a knife cut , but if it 's round , i would say shot to the neck ...	's like	vampire bite	a knife cut

2345	escape from the house of mummies : part ii && one of my favorite episodes	edgar allen poe in a headlock : " oh man , his head is like a pumpkin ! "	is like	his head	a pumpkin

2346	london is my country && the world is my oyster	life is like a box of chocolates .	is like	life	a box of chocolates

2347	what albums could you listen to without skipping a single song ? && radiohead - ok computer	even fitter happier has become listenable over the years . it 's like a nice little buffer track you zone out to .	's like	radiohead	a nice little buffer track

2348	forrest dump . && runs , forrest , runs !	my craps are like a box of chocolates .	are like	my craps	a box of chocolates

2349	that sounds horrible but you did get to eat yummy food ... && free food makes even the worst job a little bit better .	kind of a lot better . it 's like a raise .	's like	free food	a raise

2350	how did you become so basic ? && i did n't choose the basic life , the basic life chose me .	woah . life is like a box of chocolates !	is like	life	a box of chocolates

2351	the first picture i ever saw on reddit . && reddit humor is horrible and i like it	dark humor is like a terminally ill child , it never gets old .	is like	dark humor	a terminally ill child

2352	tomorrow 's breitbart headline : " soros funded jones deep state soup kitchen pedo ring uncovered " && i chuckled audibly at this	they 're just so fun to think up , it 's like a mad libs game	's like	soros funded jones deep state soup kitchen pedo ring uncovered	a game

2353	when you are running from your problems and it finally works && i used to pull this move in tecmo bowl all the time .	walter payton was like a cheat code in that game .	was like	walter payton	a cheat code

2354	lmao i get the same way , i ca n't do both it 's either one or the other && you youngins are funny .	ca n't argue with that , i just turned 21 & never drank before then , it 's like a whole new world	's like	drank	a whole new world

2355	can someone count them ? are they really 78 ? && there really is !	harvey weinstein is like a type of virus in plague inc. that only affects women .	is like	harvey weinstein	a type of virus in plague inc.

2356	what is your mom 's catch phrase ? && " you re cruisin for a bruisin ' "	this was one of my dad 's favorites , along with " you lie like a rug " and other horrible things	lie like	you	a rug

2357	a woman goes to get welfare for her and her 9 children && now tell me one of their last names is biden .	if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes should fall like a house of cards . checkmate .	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

2358	they 're the forrest gumps of the paranormal world && spooky is as spooky does .	life is like a pandora 's box of chocolates . you never know what demon you 're going to get .	is like	life	a pandora 's box of chocolates

2359	i 'd rather live in a zoo than in birmingham && okay i totally do not get that as i have never been there .	you 're not missing much ; it 's like a prison for animals . zoos are fun , though .	's like	a zoo	a prison

2360	trying to change the world , i 'm going to plot and scheme && mario c likes to keep it clean	gon na shine like a sunbeam	shine like	mario	a sunbeam

2361	would you hulk though && yes . shamelessly .	it would be like a tree trunk	be like	you	a tree trunk

2362	what cartoon had the best intro song ? && ducktails ! woo - oo	* ducktales life is like a hurricane ...	is like	life	a hurricane

2363	hmmm but how do you explain the web ? && it 's a series of tubes , but that 's not important right now	naw man , it 's like a dump truck that you ... wait , let me check my notes ...	's like	the web	a dump truck

2364	is weed legal in utah ? && like i said " contrasting political cultures . " utah has strict laws regarding alcohol let alone pot .	i mean , what i understood about what the mormons believe is like a big stoner trip , so i was thinking maybe ....	is like	the mormons believe	a big stoner trip

2365	and he s like a human unicorn && you talking bout the bump on for head ? if not i have no idea haha	yeah . he 's like a mythical beast	's like	he	a mythical beast

2366	scott steerrrlliiingg ! ! && the man , the myth , the legend !	his face is like a brick wall !	is like	his face	a brick wall

2367	it will all fall in place soon . && nah comrade , you 're an idiot . fox is being sued about your stupid theory .	poor thing , the brain in your head is like a b.b. in a boxcar . not to mention you sound fat .	is like	the brain in your head	a b.b. in a boxcar

2368	attaaaaaaaaaaaack of the killer tomaaaaaaatoes .... && there 's a race to be on top , the competition does n't stop ...	life is like a hurricane , in duckburg .	is like	life	a hurricane

2369	when out in the lawn there arose such a clatter && i sprang to my feet to investigate the matter	away to the window i flew like a flash ,	flew like	i	a flash

2370	getting chirped by a team israel fan about playoffs , ouch && even moses got to the promised land faster than the maple leafs .	man , this is like a double roast for us jewish leafs fans	is like	even moses got to the promised land faster than the maple leafs	a double roast

2371	giroud and lovely layoffs name a better duo && sturridge and physios	sturridge is like a tampon , in for a week , out for a month .	is like	sturridge	a tampon

2372	guys will understand && guys understand . men do n't	i put the strap on my shoulder . it 's like a trophy .	's like	the strap	a trophy

2373	" a tin foil pal and a peddlebin " && pedal bin ! as in a bin with a pedal . i like peddlebin though .	r2-d2 is like a bin you have to cycle around to keep it nearby though .	is like	r2-d2	a bin

2374	this library would not be nearly as quiet as i want it to be && what on earth are you doing at your local library ?	my sexiness is like a germ . if you get to close to it , it will affect you .	is like	my sexiness	a germ

2375	sally fields && well that would be weird since she played tom hanks ' mom in forrest gump !	life is like a box of chocolates ...	is like	life	a box of chocolates

2376	this one time i got super high .... && what happened after that ?	i am slowly being consumed by my couch , it 's like a plush sarlacc pit	's like	my couch	a plush sarlacc pit

2377	she has the audacity to be black and talk ! ! && she 's lucky he did n't reach thru the phone and start grabbing .	he just ca n't stop himself ... it 's like a magnet	's like	he	a magnet

2378	why america has worse healthcare than almost the whole rest of the world && we have the best healthcare , it 's just expensive .	so it 's like a luxury item i ca n't afford . got it .	's like	healthcare	a luxury item

2379	they got a pepper bar . && you fight like a dairy farmer !	how appropriate , you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

2380	i do eat it plain ! sometimes i toast it though , so that 's exciting . && this depresses me .	why ? i would totally consider plain bread a treat . it 'd be like a fun cheat for me to eat a slice	be like	plain bread	a fun cheat

2381	other than zapp branigan , yes that is correct . && the man with no name ! zapp brannigan at your service !	" if we hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate . "	fall like	the rest of the dominoes	a house of cards

2382	full contact chess && chess boxing .	" the game of chess is like a sword fight . you must think first before you move . "	is like	the game of chess	a sword fight

2383	haha , pretty much what i said . the ones moaning have never played before . && i 've played my whole life m8	you must win a lot of headers whilst jumping like a salmon .	jumping like	you	a salmon

2384	you wake up in donald trump 's body . what would you do to make america great again ? && bang melania	one word " ivanka .. " she 's so hot , she 's like a curry	's like	ivanka	a curry

2385	scott sterling ! && that man 's nose must be absolutely devastated ! !	his face is like a brick wall ! !	is like	his face	a brick wall

2386	grim fandango but not monkey island ? ! && i 'm afraid i have n't played it	how appropriate ! you fight like a cow !	fight like	you	a cow

2387	what s the most disgusting thing an ex bf / gf has done after your breakup ? && what 's going on in here ?	i think it 's like a flash mob kinda thing .	's like	what 's going on in here ?	a flash mob

2388	that spicy beef oil is delicious , man . && meat they do n't let them call it beef any more .	it has silicon dioxide in it , it 's like a vacation from meat !	's like	spicy beef oil	a vacation

2389	hi there ! && you 're so thirsty , it 's just pathetic	i 'm like a human silica gel packet	'm like	i	a human silica gel packet

2390	she was n't part of the dnc ? && are you saying wrong things on purpose or are you just uninformed ? look up donna brazile	this is fun . it 's like a murder mystery . what exactly am i saying that 's wrong ?	's like	donna brazile	a murder mystery

2391	that runner ? albert einstein . && no , bruce lee !	float like a butterfly , run like a lee .	run like	bruce lee	a butterfly

2392	yeah but does it work over water ? && not unless you got power , butthead	why do n't you make like a tree and scram ?	make like	you	a tree

2393	good boy at my local dispensary && cool <url> have you tried korova ?	their black bars taste like a hemp shoe but they kick like a mule .	taste like	black bars	a hemp shoe

2394	any cheaper better alternatives ? && sennheiser and v - moda to name just two .	can vouch for v - moda . built like a tank and sound great ( to my ears at least )	built like	v - moda	a tank and sound

2395	if nautical nonsense is something you wish && spongebob squarepants !	the drop on the deck and flop like a fish !	flop like	spongebob squarepants	a fish

2396	what is a snack / meal that you enjoy that most other people would consider " weird"/"judge you " for liking ? && mushroom chocolates	like ... there 's chunks of mushroom inside the chocolates ? or the chocolate is shaped like a mushroom ... ?	shaped like	chocolate	a mushroom

2397	what is your one line joke ? && dark humor is like food , some people just do n't get it .	farm humour is like a kid with leukemia , it never gets old	is like	farm humour	a kid with leukemia

2398	she died in 1994 . do people in italy still know who she is ? && she is kind of a legend here !	i can see why . she was like a bustier gaga - <url>	was like	she	a bustier gaga

2399	get out . && no you leave .	i 'm gon na be like a tree and leave .	be like	i	a tree

2400	or doritos && you are the second person to say this . why doritos ?	wide shoulders , thin waist - shaped like a dorito !	shaped like	thin waist	a dorito

2401	auto exotic asphyxiation && so .... you have to have transplanted hands from another race ?	no i get gills transplanted so that i can feel what its like to breathe like a fish .	breathe like	i	a fish

2402	i think this is the next citizen kane . && but will it be better than deep blue sea ?	no idea but my head is like a sharks fin .	is like	my head	a sharks fin

2403	if nautical nonsense be something you wish ! && spongebob squarepants ! !	then drop on the deck and flop like a fish !	flop like	spongebob squarepants	a fish

2404	john ' bomb iran ' mccain && john " songbird " mccain	dude sung like a canary when captured . idk why people hail him as some hero when he squealed like a weasel .	squealed like	john " songbird " mccain	a weasel

2405	dark comedy at its best . && dark comedy is just like water , not everyone gets it .	" dark comedy is like a kid with cancer , it never gets old!"- my sister	is like	dark comedy	a kid with cancer

2406	i was expecting scott sterling && when world war three comes , i want to be in a bunker made of that man 's face !	his face is like a brick wall ! a brick wall that feels pain and cries a lot !	is like	his face	a brick wall

2407	console life ( yes , i use a console too ) && consoles are almost always 30fps lmao	bf4 on console is like a slideshow half the time	is like	bf4 on console	a slideshow

2408	simpsons : hit and run && ouch . my bikini zone 's chaffing	wheee ! i 'm soaring like a candy wrapper in an updraft !	soaring like	i	a candy wrapper in an updraft

2409	yeah , the problem is when things are free people over - consume . && why is over consumption of education bad ?	college is like a vacation - it consumes , not produces . work is where you contribute to the economy .	is like	college	a vacation

2410	fresh to death like he got dressed in a coffin && cons , overalls , and a striped shirt	the boy drips swag like a broken faucet	swag like	the boy	a broken faucet

2411	it will satisfy me better than the choicest meal ever served to mortal .	though I confess I am as hungry as a wolf .	as hungry as	I	wolf

2412	No more from box to box the basket .	piled With oranges as radiant as the spheres , Shall with their luscious virtues charm the sense Of taste or smell .	as radiant as	more	spheres

2413	This seemed to be a favourite dish with him .	and he was now as happy as a king , sleeping and eating alternately the whole night long .	as happy as	he	king

2414	The Aborigines are particularly fond of the bunya nuts .	which are as large as a full sized almond , including the shell , and , in good seasons , come from a distance of .	as large as	nuts	almond

2415	Sandy did take a peek out .	and sprang back with a face which looked as white as a sheet of paper under the rays of Tommy 's electric searchlight .	as white as	which	sheet

2416	My uncle held out his hands towards the blaze .	and I noticed that they were as white as the ruffles which fringed them .	as white as	they	ruffles

2417	There were a great many photographs in that gallery .	and their shapes and dimensions were as diverse as their subjects .	as diverse as	shapes	subjects

2418	her skin was like ivory against which pomegranate pulp had been crushed .	and her mouth was as red as a cactus .	as red as	mouth	cactus

2419	She had only one resolve to sustain her .	but that was at least as strong as her love , or as death .	as strong as	that	death

2420	Besides , Avrillia held her at that minute tight to her breast .	which was as soft as her own perfect , contrary mother 's , and had , besides a most entrancing , faint perfume of isthagaria .	as soft as	breast	mother

2421	but the largest one was a head taller than Sara herself .	and the very smallest was at least as large as her youngest cousin .	as large as	smallest	cousin

2422	Now , we have it on good authority .	that the intellect of a giant is generally as weak as his knees .	as weak as	intellect	knees

2423	The pretty lawn on which the village stands .	as green as sun and rain could make it .	as green as	village	sun

2424	Again , in a musical air , we may hear a false note .	though it is as real as the others , since it has been played .	as real as	it	others

2425	It was barred by a glassy .	transparent pane that seemed as hard as steel .	as hard as	that	steel

2426	several marble seats are set in different places .	which are as pleasant as the summer .	as pleasant as	places	summer

2427	TRAJAN TO PLINY I SHOULD have rejoiced to have heard that you arrived at Bithynia without the smallest inconvenience to yourself or any of your retinue .	and that your journey from Ephesus had been as easy as your voyage to that place was favourable .	as easy as	journey	voyage

2428	rayed , the moonlight , shining along the shore .	Bathes the brow of the headlands in radiance as soft as milk .	as soft as	moonlight	milk

2429	Poe explained that poetry and music are alike in that both obey absolute laws of time .	and that the laws of time or rhythm in poetry are just as exact as the laws of time in music .	as exact as	laws	laws

2430	Enoch shook hands with the Indian woman .	whose face was as dark as Jonas ' in the moonlight .	as dark as	woman	Jonas

2431	But whatever rapid process was going on down there .	it was not as rapid as the lightning process of Pee .	as rapid as	it	process

2432	It wo n't be much of a blow .	and we 'll be as snug as a bug in a rug , here in the tent , particularly if we have that lemonade which some of you fellows were going to make .	as snug as	we	bug

2433	natured , that to my taste , I declare .	she is as handsome as Rose .	as handsome as	she	Rose

2434	it may be assumed that the actual expense of attempting to make a railway .	on which the tractive force required for any load would be nearly twice as great as on a level , along the line you propose , would not be so little as .	as great as	expense	level

2435	Therefore , it appears , that the expense of keeping the Liverpool and Manchester Railway in repair .	is seven times as great as that of the average expense of repairing the turnpike roads of England .	as great as	expense	that

2436	Well , I arranged my room .	and it is as neat as a new pin .	as neat as	it	pin

2437	Leave them to seek their own mates .	and they will be as merry as sparrows .	as merry as	they	sparrows

2438	yet , according to the evidence of those who have an international acquaintance with these matters .	homosexuality is fully as prevalent as on the Continent .	as prevalent as	homosexuality	Continent

2439	were kept in that admirable Order .	that they shone as bright as a Good Housewifes .	as bright as	they	Housewifes

2440	Tuesday 's raids marked the peak of daring during the riot .	and their subsidence was as gradual as their rise .	as gradual as	subsidence	rise

2441	Many of the houses in this district are of frame structure .	and they are not as commodious as those in the formerly fashionable white districts .	as commodious as	they	those

2442	headed recesses in its polygonal basement chamber .	may be as old as Wakefield , and therefore in substance the work of Rufus .	as old as	recesses	Wakefield

2443	where , to use the expression of our driver .	the cedars grew as thick as hairs on a cat .	as thick as	cedars	hairs

2444	and when I was on the sea .	I said my love was as boundless as the waves .	as boundless as	love	waves

2445	but the Pope had a great quarrel with the Emperor of Germany .	and told the poor credulous people that fighting his battles was as good as a Crusade .	as good as	fighting	Crusade

2446	The next morning the townsfolk awoke to find their homes half buried in a white .	downy mass as thick as the height of the fences .	as thick as	homes	height

2447	I 've had the best accountants in London working out your position .	and I know you live from hand to mouth and that the margin between your business and bankruptcy is as near as the margin between you and prison .	as near as	the margin between your business and bankruptcy	the margin between you and prison

2448	Occasionally the constables have a command of two hundred men .	and sometimes it sinks as low as fifty .	as low as	it	fifty

2449	I have put my foot in it .	and this low fellow has the upper hand of me as sure as the world .	as sure as	this low fellow has the upper hand of me	the world

2450	And because he had been a soldier .	because he was as modest as able , and as industrious as orderly , he received recognition at the hands of that portion of the public which finds litigation necessary .	as modest as	he	orderly

2451	Instead , Dade coaxed him down from the tree and onto Surry .	swearing solemnly that the horse was quite as safe as the limb to which Bill showed a disposition to cling .	as safe as	horse	limb

2452	Such showers of fine ashes fell for miles around .	that the sky was as dark as midnight .	as dark as	sky	midnight

2453	I 've seen a dozen women faint in my life .	but they came to as quick as wink , if you dashed water on 'em .	as quick as	they	wink

2454	Not that I dreaded her violence .	for she is as gentle as a lamb but there were causes enough for dread of another nature .	as gentle as	she	lamb

2455	so that they were obliged to apply more than forty leeches to him at once .	and the blood that came was as black as pitch .	as black as	came	pitch

2456	They wish to fill your head with antiquated juridical rubbish .	and they desire that at a bound you should be as old as your mother .	as old as	you	mother

2457	The speaker was a young Mexican woman .	and he encountered the glance of a pair of eyes as soft as velvet and as black as night , set in a face of rich olive tint .	as soft as	he	night

2458	The cacique had ought to know the secret if anybody does .	and she 'd be as likely as any of the squaws to be let into it .	as likely as	she	any

2459	For the first time since their meeting he took his eyes off Mahletonkwa and looked back to where he had left his Pueblo friends .	who had remained all this time as invisible as ever , waiting on the event with the inexhaustible patience of their race .	as invisible as	who	ever

2460	If few or none could appreciate the technical merit of his productions .	yet there were points in regard to which the opinion of the crowd was as valuable as the refined judgment of the amateur .	as valuable as	regard	judgment

2461	but the adulation of the officers was by no means ambiguous .	and its acceptance was as obvious as its presentation .	as obvious as	acceptance	presentation

2462	master would have charged him half a day 's work .	as sure as a gun .	as sure as	master	gun

2463	The love of right is implanted indelibly in your nature .	and your own peace is as dependant as mine and as your mother 's upon its constant culture .	as dependant as	peace	mine

2464	However , you have no need to be cast down , for this prize will set all right .	and make you as rich as a lord , at the same time that you are as wise as a philosopher .	as rich as	you	philosopher

2465	Such , however , was his present absorption in what he was writing .	that the voluntary kindness of his pupil was as unwelcome as the forced intrusion of the waiter .	as unwelcome as	kindness	intrusion

2466	I only want to yammer you fellows out of a hundred apiece .	and the game will be as quiet as a peddler 's pup .	as quiet as	game	pup

2467	I do not want you to alter .	and the refining influence of a really good woman is as corrosive as an acid .	as corrosive as	influence	acid

2468	Their quickness and activity make them dangerous when hunted in the boats .	but their bodies are encased in blubber so thin that it is as worthless as their bone .	as worthless as	it	bone

2469	and there sits Mel telling his anecdotes .	as grand as a king .	as grand as	Mel	king

2470	but , after five years ' silence .	his weapons were not as bright as of yore .	as bright as	weapons	yore

2471	With a probable substratum of truth .	the story in its latest form is as fabulous as Autolycus .	as fabulous as	story	Autolycus

2472	XXIV HAPPY THOUGHT The world is so full of a number of things .	I 'm sure we should all be as happy as kings .	as happy as	we	kings

2473	Nevertheless they are supposed to have local habitations and cities wherein they dwell .	though these are as unsubstantial as their inhabitants .	as unsubstantial as	these	inhabitants

2474	The ride all the afternoon is a delight .	the roads are as fine as ever , and the air is cool and fresh .	as fine as	roads	ever

2475	There was every reason to be satisfied with this vanishing trick of the germ .	though the manner of its vanishing was as inexplicable as its appearance .	as inexplicable as	manner	appearance

2476	That , perhaps , was a vibration in the top note .	which in any case was as clear as a musical glass .	as clear as	note	glass

2477	Some discussion had taken place between them .	and Titus was as unreasonable as a mule .	as unreasonable as	Titus	mule

2478	My old friend burst out laughing when I questioned him .	and said that I was as ignorant as a little carp , and that it was high time I went to the Sacr .	as ignorant as	I	carp

2479	and he could n't wait no longer .	his head fell over as heavy as a log , and that 's the way he 's been ever since , sleepin ' like death .	as heavy as	head	log

2480	no obstacle appeared of consequence sufficient to draw aside a thought from the main object she had in view .	but was either removed or passed over by an impulse that seemed as irresistible as the steam that causes the train to rush along the rail .	as irresistible as	that	steam

2481	At the same time it is due to the memory of this unfortunate officer to add .	that his civil administration was as able as his military one in Canada was inglorious .	as able as	administration	one

2482	We struck the enemy a heavy blow .	and the capture of the Vimy Ridge by the Canadians and the Highland Division was as wonderful as the great thrust by English and Scottish battalions along the valley of the Scarpe across the Arras .	as wonderful as	capture	thrust

2483	I had an astounding view of all this work in Lens .	and it was as beautiful as a dream .	as beautiful as	it	dream

2484	I perceived that it was some kind of wood .	but polished till it was as slippery as glass .	as slippery as	it	glass

2485	My face alone was to be seen .	and that was almost as white as the rest .	as white as	that	rest

2486	But if those persons will think a second time .	they must agree that my base is as broad as the phenomena which it explains .	as broad as	base	phenomena

2487	Boys are very nasty to one another .	when they 'd be as nice as anything to a girl .	as nice as	they	anything

2488	Dorward , who turned out to have an altogether unusual gift for drawing nonsensical pictures .	which were almost as funny as his own behavior , that behavior which irritated so many more people than it amused .	as funny as	pictures	behavior

2489	She began to comprehend his faith .	which was as simple as a little child 's .	as simple as	faith	child

2490	He 's been on the roads this forty year .	till he 's as thin as a rat , and as poor as a myall black .	as thin as	he	black

2491	There 's the yarn about Peter and the dying cattle at Piora Station one terrible drought .	when the surface was as bare as your hand for hundreds of miles , and the heat like the breath of a furnace , and the sheep and cattle were perishing by thousands .	as bare as	surface	hand

2492	by this means the earth had been by degrees carried away .	so that a hole remained as deep as the height of a man .	as deep as	hole	height

2493	The west end of the church seems to have been an additional part intended for a belfry to ease the main tower .	but that is as plain as the east .	as plain as	that	east

2494	I found in the car towards which they were so eagerly gazing about fifty colored people .	some of whom were nearly as white as myself .	as white as	some	myself

2495	So he shook hands with father .	who stood as white as a sheet , for all he was a ruddy .	as white as	who	sheet

2496	but the air was so clear that Armorel .	whose eyes were as good as any ordinary field .	as good as	Armorel	field

2497	She came direct from the deepest thicket of the wood .	where the ferns are as high as trees , where the giant firs shut out the sun , so that it can only fall in golden drops on the yellow moss .	as high as	wood	trees

2498	They dashed madly at the grove .	whose foliage from the high light of the field was as inscrutable as a wall .	as inscrutable as	grove	wall

2499	But there was no snow on the ground .	and the latter was as hard as iron and rang under her feet .	as hard as	latter	iron

2500	With all the flowers she has .	she is as excited as any of us over her roses .	as excited as	she	any

2501	A flourishing colony of prairie dogs had burrowed into it in every direction .	and the little mounds of fresh earth around their holes were about as numerous as the hills in a cornfield .	as numerous as	mounds	hills

2502	but the muscles of a stronger arm than mine could not have checked at once the furious course of Pontiac .	whose mouth was as insensible as leather .	as insensible as	Pontiac	leather

2503	from which i deduce you have been on reddit less than a week && seriously , there are some things that come up unusually often on reddit .	the hivemind is broad as an ocean , but deep as a puddle .	deep as	the hivemind	a puddle

2504	In the personnel of the hospital of half a century ago she was an outstanding figure .	yet now she is as extinct as the dodo .	as extinct as	she	dodo

2505	all , indeed , that ever have been under the dominion of that tyrant .	who in this free country is as absolute as a Turkish bashaw .	as absolute as	tyrant	bashaw

2506	But , when all allowance is made , his main reliance must have been on auditory imagery .	and this must have remained as stable as auditory perception .	as stable as	this	perception

2507	for , although he did not address a word to that young maiden .	he was as busy as his imitation of the antiquity of Baden .	as busy as	he	imitation

2508	The remaining whey is boiled till two thirds are wasted .	when it becomes as thick as flummery .	as thick as	it	flummery

2509	I picked some seeds from the spikes .	which were as large as grains of rye .	as large as	spikes	grains

2510	In the evening I arrived at the town of Abo .	which is as large as Orebro , and well built .	as large as	town	Orebro

2511	He was dreadfully careless about money .	and his chief servant was just as careless as his master .	as careless as	servant	master

2512	Isabella is of a cheerful disposition .	but her soul is as pure as virtue itself .	as pure as	soul	virtue

2513	when , to his utter amazement , the chasm closed .	and the ground became as entire as the rest of the plain .	as entire as	ground	rest

2514	s evening tide when we are old .	Our remembrance is as fresh as the dew Of things that we did in our youthful days , Whether good or bad , many or few .	as fresh as	remembrance	dew

2515	His ears were so soft and silky that every one admired them .	and his eyes were as bright as buttons , when we could get a glimpse of them .	as bright as	eyes	buttons

2516	bunny , and the colour of fresh honey .	He 's as full as HAD .	as full as	He	HAD

2517	Even in the time which was then coming and which now is .	when successful authors are almost as many as millionaires , Verrian .	as many as	authors	millionaires

2518	As these thoughts hurried through her mind while she made a pretense of eating her soup .	it suddenly occurred to her that her present complete silence might look as odd as her former garrulousness .	as odd as	silence	garrulousness

2519	The booming no longer makes sullen the air .	And the silence of night seems as holy as prayer .	as holy as	silence	prayer

2520	The streets are filled with people .	and the excitement is as great as at noonday .	as great as	excitement	noonday

2521	It is the principal one of the coves or harbors where ships can lie .	though Darling Cove is nearly as important as the one just mentioned .	as important as	Cove	one

2522	I could go on indefinitely with those names .	and it seems to me that the aboriginal ones are about as numerous as those of British origin .	as numerous as	ones	those

2523	Whitney said that he was reminded of New Orleans by the temperature .	and on inquiry he ascertained that Brisbane is fully as warm as the great city near the mouth of the Mississippi .	as warm as	Brisbane	city

2524	stood , and gazed at the leaf .	Her face grew as white as her gown , and she trembled And shook like a white swan in dying , then she cried .	as white as	face	gown

2525	The cuttle ink had proved an excellent medium .	and the tattooing was as fresh as the day on which it had been done , and would , no doubt , remain so till the last hour of her life .	as fresh as	tattooing	day

2526	Hardly were the words out of her mouth when the butler .	who looked as solemn as a mute in his deep mourning , opened the door and announced .	as solemn as	who	mute

2527	His droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow .	And the beard on his chin was as white as the snow .	as white as	beard	snow

2528	They call the piles of hay haycocks .	and they were as high as little John 's head .	as high as	they	head

2529	She could not at least accuse him of avarice .	since for her he was as prodigal as a thief .	as prodigal as	he	thief

2530	and , till she was seven years old .	she was just as thoughtless as other children .	as thoughtless as	she	children

2531	Slowly , surely , rising higher .	Soon she will be as high as the spire .	as high as	she	spire

2532	They gave to Lucy a penny clear For every person who came to hear .	So now the girl is as rich as a prince , For he has been laughing ever since .	as rich as	girl	prince

2533	He stares with surprise at a basin of soup .	He fancies a bowl as large as a hoop .	as large as	He	hoop

2534	Exposed to the full glare of the afternoon sun .	the boat became as hot as an oven .	as hot as	boat	oven

2535	It 's the only profession where you do n't want any training .	and these law books are as dry as the Mishna the old man used to make me study .	as dry as	books	Mishna

2536	Indifference is the only infidelity I recognize .	and it is unfortunately as conservative as zeal .	as conservative as	it	zeal

2537	These two elements meet and combine .	and it is as clear as daylight , that between the supply and demand of labour , and between the supply and demand of wages , the relation is in no way changed .	as clear as	it	daylight

2538	The Countess did not care a straw for titles .	for she had lived in a world where they are as plentiful as figs in August .	as plentiful as	world	figs

2539	Yet , properly tanned , it would make admirable leather .	for it is as soft as kid .	as soft as	it	kid

2540	I declined to have any dealings with them .	and their agent went away as mad as a hornet , even threatening that he .	as mad as	agent	hornet

2541	it seems queer for a fellow who aspires to be a bold air pilot some of these fine days .	and who has even been up several times as high as three thousand feet , to be shivering with fear now , when at the most we .	as high as	who	feet

2542	Since , then , we are to enjoy goods so great .	let us join ourselves to that company which is as bright as the sun , and let us not weep for those who depart hence , but for those who make a bad end .	as bright as	company	sun

2543	Evening had fallen before we reached our destination .	but so clear and bright with moon and stars that distant objects were as visible as by day .	as visible as	objects	day

2544	and in many of their religious rites and ideas .	I think they are quite as consistent as the Christian sects of the day .	as consistent as	they	sects

2545	The Blunderer glanced at the sceptre .	the jewelled ball of which was nearly as large as his head .	as large as	ball	head

2546	He saw a little beer garden .	and stopped to see if the beer of Athens were as refreshing as its air .	as refreshing as	beer	air

2547	The men and women in Athens speak bad Greek .	though there is no reason why their speech should not be as pure as Plutarch .	as pure as	reason	Plutarch

2548	I had much to do to keep the tears of acute disappointment from my eyes .	and depression settled upon me as heavy as the impenetrable vapours outside .	as heavy as	depression	vapours

2549	Dressed in full riding costume and mounted on a blooded horse .	she swung along as graceful as a lark .	as graceful as	she	lark

2550	The tulip mania had its day .	but the weakness of average humanity for this bulb is as old as history .	as old as	weakness	history

2551	smoking shops in China may be counted by hundreds and thousands .	because China is as large as Europe , and more populous .	as large as	China	Europe

2552	for when the fact became known in the United States .	the Americans were naturally as vigorous as the British in protesting against Fulton and his boats .	as vigorous as	Americans	British

2553	What arguments he employed we know not .	but he was as astute as Ferdinand himself , and probably we shall not be far from the truth when we presume that he and his master agreed that , since the Queen was so bent upon the affair , it would be folly to haggle further over terms , which , after all , if they were found inconvenient , could be repudiated by the sovereigns , and it is probable that Isabel may have been influenced by the same view .	as astute as	he	Ferdinand

2554	The downpour had lasted indeed not more than seven hours .	but it was as tremendous as if a cloud .	as tremendous as	it	cloud

2555	The face of this head was dried up and almost black .	while the hair on the skull and the chin was as white as milk .	as white as	hair	milk

2556	Stas distinctly saw his green eyes fastened upon the little maid 's face .	which was as white as chalk , his narrow head with flattened ears , his shoulder .	as white as	face	chalk

2557	Clad only in a night shirt .	Crellin said the water and air were as cold as winter , chilling all hands to the bone .	as cold as	water	winter

2558	boats are equipped with air tanks to prevent sinking .	with the result that metal boats are as unsinkable as wooden ones .	as unsinkable as	boats	ones

2559	But I was too far off to hear their discourse .	which must have been as strange as their meal , the remembrance of which still makes me shudder .	as strange as	discourse	meal

2560	Mr Taylor continued his inquiries among the natives .	who informed him that the moa was quite as large as a horse .	as large as	moa	horse

2561	Although not so important for the amount of forces engaged .	the victory of Gravelines was as complete as that of St.	as complete as	victory	that

2562	we are plain people out here .	where every man is as good as every other man .	as good as	people	man

2563	then the dry fuel caught at once .	and a bright hot flame shot upwards in a blaze as high as their heads , and in its light they saw each other 's eyes .	as high as	flame	heads

2564	There was not a glimmer of light in the sky now .	and the tops of the trees were as invisible as their trunks , being lost in the mass of clouds that hung low over the woods , the clearing , and the river .	as invisible as	tops	trunks

2565	Here again was something in that baffling other dimension .	and this time though she understood it as little as ever , Marise did not like it at all .	as little as	she	ever

2566	and , of course , to say the least .	his loss was as great as yours .	as great as	loss	yours

2567	and the worst of it is .	you look as white as other folks .	as white as	you	folks

2568	but , when he tried to catch it .	he found that it was as heavy as the club of Hercules .	as heavy as	it	club

2569	Once women arrive at a point when they willfully deceive .	their countenances become as inscrutable as vacancy .	as inscrutable as	countenances	vacancy

2570	but read these two letters which lately passed between two girls differently married .	and you will see that it was as necessary as the narrative by which every true melodrama was until lately expected to open .	as necessary as	it	narrative

2571	Even if there was a gale outside .	the ship was as steady as a church .	as steady as	ship	church

2572	only I have to get the blood into my legs and arms again before I can do anything .	for they are as stiff as ramrods .	as stiff as	they	ramrods

2573	Yet , when he rose on the morning after his arrival at Bristol .	his heart was not as light as a feather .	as light as	heart	feather

2574	s not silly to call you an angel .	for I swear you are as beautiful as one .	as beautiful as	you	one

2575	Think what may happen after dark .	if they are as bad as this in daylight .	as bad as	they	this

2576	Ellerey may find his hands fuller than he expects .	if the Baron 's weapon is as ready as his tongue .	as ready as	weapon	tongue

2577	s nothing to worry about now .	you will be as fine as ever in a day or two .	as fine as	you	ever

2578	Modena , and the Papal States .	to get rid of the existing despotism was quite as futile as the revolution of .	as futile as	Modena	revolution

2579	Sure , and she do be in a mighty hurry to make up the old quarrel , and secure Rhys .	and Owen do be as bad as his girl .	as bad as	hurry	girl

2580	some are like those in Portugal .	others are as large as thrushes .	as large as	others	thrushes

2581	for there vanity has no place .	and rags are quite as honorable as any other style of dress .	as honorable as	rags	style

2582	but to the eyes of Chillicothe and the instinct of the dogs .	the two trails were as plain as the crossings of two streets .	as plain as	trails	crossings

2583	It was a fine December evening .	as mild as autumn .	as mild as	It	autumn

2584	For sheer improvising cleverness of rhyme Byron is still unmatched .	but he often contents himself with approximate rhymes that are nearly as bad as some of Mrs.	as bad as	that	some

2585	In all this there was no direct statement made .	but the inferences were almost as strong as though the paper had come out boldly and stated as facts what Mr.	as strong as	inferences	facts

2586	They both clear out about six .	and when they 're gone the house is as empty as a blown hegg .	as empty as	house	hegg

2587	To be aught but a mockery .	immortality must be as manifold as the manifold phases of life .	as manifold as	immortality	phases

2588	If this is no answer to the inquiries .	it is at least as good as most of the replies one gets when seeking for information on this unsatisfactory subject .	as good as	it	most

2589	Now you have a whole summer to yourself .	and you are as junkettaceous as my Lady Northumberland .	as junkettaceous as	you	Northumberland

2590	Several bullets came whizzing by us .	but she kept her head as erect as would the oldest veteran .	as erect as	she	veteran

2591	mistress , Mosca has been obliged to put himself at the head of the troops and quell a revolt against the young Prince .	whose character is as despicable as his predecessor 's .	as despicable as	Prince	predecessor

2592	Why , if feelin 's count for anything .	I 'm as old as Methusaleh .	as old as	I	Methusaleh

2593	out we can depute Cob to carry on the war .	and he is as obstinate as all three of us put together .	as obstinate as	he	three

2594	I should feel out of place in their company .	and though my family may be as good as that of many among them , they knew me under such different circumstances , that I should not like to be sitting at table with them .	as good as	family	that

2595	With a telescope of low power .	these dark patches appear as smooth as water , and they were once supposed to be seas .	as smooth as	patches	water

2596	The sun 's disk is much less bright near the margin than near the centre .	a point on the limb of the sun being only about a fourth as bright as one near the centre of the disk .	as bright as	point	one

2597	then faded a little till April following .	though it was still as bright as Aldebaran .	as bright as	it	Aldebaran

2598	Queer that I never seem to get hold of these things .	and they just float along as easy as anything to you .	as easy as	they	anything

2599	and when young misses take that sort of fancy and lose the objects of their love .	they are as bad as children when forbidden their sugar .	as bad as	they	children

2600	Your respected guardian and myself had a quiet evening on our usual peaceful pursuits .	and when he went away all was as quiet as the grave , sir .	as quiet as	all	grave

2601	He has since become one of the world 's most famous preachers .	and his influence has been as wide as the world itself .	as wide as	influence	world

2602	In working a way through them I was severely cautious .	but Stickeen came on as unhesitating as the flying clouds .	as unhesitating as	Stickeen	clouds

2603	The man who was on watch had heard all the conversation .	and his excitement was quite as great as that of the others .	as great as	man	that

2604	This , though Letitia did not know it .	was as good as a bombshell to Mrs.	as good as	This	bombshell

2605	It was nearly a thousand feet in diameter .	and it was made of multipoly plastic which is nearly as anomalous as its name .	as anomalous as	plastic	name

2606	Bodman well knew how much her presence afflicted her husband .	but her nature was as relentless as his , and her hatred of him was , if possible , more bitter than his hatred of her .	as relentless as	nature	his

2607	Break off the end of the shelly tunnel in an attempt to secure the pearl .	and it is as elusive as a sunbeam .	as elusive as	it	sunbeam

2608	The moustache became thinner and thinner .	until the lip was as bare as a baby 's cheek , while the fraudulently youthful appearance gave obvious satisfaction .	as bare as	lip	cheek

2609	He wondered if the other captives could see him .	if their minds were as active as his in their congealed bodies .	as active as	minds	his

2610	The horse had evidently had an attack of stage fright .	as severe as that of the hussar .	as severe as	horse	that

2611	whose reign had been marked by a mild paternal sway .	and who was as popular as an Austrian well could be in those anti .	as popular as	who	well

2612	She had no brothers or sisters .	but Andrew had always been as good as a brother to her .	as good as	Andrew	brother

2613	You must think of something else besides paper .	for that 's just as bad as pins .	as bad as	something	pins

2614	And , in fact , not content with browning the chicken .	the fire burned him until he was as black as a coal .	as black as	he	coal

2615	At last two famous doctors came .	And one was as poor as a rat .	as poor as	one	rat

2616	But she so handled still the matter .	They came as good as ours , or better , And are not spent a whit .	as good as	They	ours

2617	Down she dropped at his feet .	all as white as a sheet , As wildly he fled from her view .	as white as	she	sheet

2618	His droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow .	And the beard of his chin was as white as the snow .	as white as	beard	snow

2619	The latter is but little esteemed .	notwithstanding that it is often as decorative as the more expensive clock .	as decorative as	it	clock

2620	Certainly , until her grandson took her hand and sat down beside her .	she was as motionless as a portrait .	as motionless as	she	portrait

2621	questioned Leon Narichkine to such a degree .	that I saw as clear as the day that he had failed in his engagement from carelessness and want of interest , regardless of all I had so long suffered solely from my attachment to him .	as clear as	I	day

2622	The Count was not a little discouraged .	but his own conviction of the truth of Peppino 's statement was as strong as ever and , notwithstanding all the apparently insurmountable obstacles , he did not doubt that he would eventually find some way to force Vampa and the shepherd into a full confirmation of every diabolical detail related by the ex .	as strong as	conviction	ever

2623	The baboons in return rolled so many stones down the mountain .	some as large as a man .	as large as	some	man

2624	Our Lord did not mean that He was imitating the Father .	but that His work was as indispensable as the Father .	as indispensable as	work	Father

2625	by the great iron bridge of the Union Pacific .	their relations were as harmonious as those of the cats of Kilkenny , as they quarrelled over the claims of each to be the real terminus .	as harmonious as	relations	those

2626	Immediately the Indian Commissioner commenced to concentrate the scattered tribes .	but was hindered by hostilities among the Indians themselves quite as bitter as their hatred for the whites .	as bitter as	themselves	hatred

2627	As it lay on its launching carrier upon the wide expanse of the flying stage .	its aluminum body skeleton was as big as the hull of a twenty .	as big as	skeleton	hull

2628	The Ministers may have had in their possession facts which alter the whole state of the argument .	and make my syllogisms fall as flat as a baby .	as flat as	syllogisms	baby

2629	The little fat weed spoke in such a jolly voice that the weeds all cheered up at once .	and before long they were as busy as bees , and as happy as Johnnie .	as busy as	they	Johnnie

2630	iron chairs for holding the rails were used .	and I have known as many as forty .	as many as	I	forty

2631	All our duties lie in this world and in the present .	and trying impatiently to peer into that which lies beyond is as vain as fruitless .	as vain as	peer	fruitless

2632	That strip of unfenced beach is government land .	to which our right is as good as theirs .	as good as	land	theirs

2633	The shining leaves of this plant .	which are as large as those of the laurel or orange .	as large as	leaves	those

2634	they are formed by bending down several of the leaves .	each of which is as broad as a man 's hand , and gluing the points of them together , so as to form a purse .	as broad as	each	hand

2635	law Marie Stuart had sent him from her prison .	and on which his fingers looked as white as alabaster .	as white as	fingers	alabaster

2636	Come , gentlemen , I will put myself at your head .	and let the blows fall as thick as hail .	as thick as	blows	hail

2637	Yet he did not refuse the challenges .	his reputation with the bottle being almost as great as his standing .	as great as	bottle	standing

2638	I do not scruple to say .	that these differences may be as great as that which may be supposed to have existed between St.	as great as	these differences	existed between St

2639	He was counted one of the great Headmasters of his time .	but he was as human as the rest of us where lost tricks were concerned .	as human as	he	rest

2640	It was still early in the evening .	but the fort was as silent as at midnight .	as silent as	fort	midnight

2641	indeed , a few yards from the waggon .	it was as black as ink , but I argued , natives have good eyesight , and a lion 's eyes have a way of reflecting the light of a distant fire .	as black as	it	ink

2642	The lithe and agile figure has lost none of its elasticity .	and the nerves are as steady as in the noon .	as steady as	nerves	noon

2643	They 're grand shots these chaps .	and if he can make out my face he 'll bring me down as sure as a gun .	as sure as	he	gun

2644	brown Four Pence of the last issue .	but it is not nearly as common as any of the shades of the lake .	as common as	it	any

2645	Hog had seven of the dearest little babies you ever saw .	and they were as fat as butter , for Mr.	as fat as	they	butter

2646	He thus maintains that the portion of the rent paid to Government for occupation of the land is a tax upon the cultivator .	which is about as true as to state that the .	as true as	cultivator	state

2647	He expected her to believe him when he said to her that she was the loveliest of all God 's creatures .	but it was more than he could believe when she declared that he was as handsome as a Greek god .	as handsome as	he	god

2648	It 's the only joy I have .	this thinking that I 'm as decent as anybody , and the only time I think I 'm decent is when I 'm so damned drunk that I do n't know anything at all .	as decent as	I	anybody

2649	During the little time that it lasts .	the solitude is as impressive as that of a Western prairie or forest .	as impressive as	solitude	that

2650	every time you feel you are going to have an attack .	you will hear my voice telling you as quick as lightning .	as quick as	voice	lightning

2651	but there are beautiful rides about here .	and if I was not as stiff as a poker to .	as stiff as	I	poker

2652	This effect is not easy to describe .	and yet it is as real as rhythm or inflection or any other of the elements discussed in this book .	as real as	it	rhythm

2653	Keep your rope handy to twist round him .	and remember these fellows are as slippery as eels .	as slippery as	fellows	eels

2654	here is a wing for you .	and this rice is as white as snow , and the tea is first rate .	as white as	rice	snow

2655	the churchwardens took the matter up .	and the minds of the parishioners were as gloomy as their streets .	as gloomy as	minds	streets

2656	The rock is dripping with dew .	and the bird is as wet as his hard bed .	as wet as	bird	bed

2657	Another cause of his popularity is .	that he taxes the imagination as little as the understanding .	as little as	he	understanding

2658	No part of it had been easy for her .	but nothing else was as bad as the mud .	as bad as	nothing	mud

2659	and , after having lighted a fire before his door .	the flames of which ascended as high as the windows of the first floor , they burnt his effigy in that fire .	as high as	flames	windows

2660	his soul reveled alike in tempest or sunshine .	and his voice was as musical as the wings of the bee when he distills honey .	as musical as	voice	wings

2661	He will portion her with his debts .	and she is as equal as any Countess in Christendom to return the politeness in kind .	as equal as	she	Countess

2662	Why , since she has been here .	she has been as good as a waiter to us .	as good as	she	waiter

2663	Actin ' up just like they was boys .	sleepin ' out in the woods an ' pretendin ' they 're as brave as anythin ' .	as brave as	they	anythin

2664	They had an awful quarrel one night .	and my father said he was as bad as some of the people who hated him in Europe , and that he 'd have to look out for him .	as bad as	he	some

2665	If you 'd leave it to me .	I 'd prefer sitting at a table where there 'd be something left after you 'd filled yourself as full as a drum .	as full as	you	drum

2666	but when Everychild had had time to look about him he was smitten with silence .	and all his companions suddenly became as quiet as mice .	as quiet as	companions	mice

2667	it drove the sea furiously before it .	and the meeting of the new wind with the old waves made them break as high as the ship , and like the surf on a reef of rocks .	as high as	them	ship

2668	The skin is all off your face .	and you are as red as fire .	as red as	you	fire

2669	Now I need not go over the old ground .	with which you are quite as familiar as myself .	as familiar as	you	myself

2670	Perhaps it was not altogether wise to defy the conventions .	but of course English Society has never been quite as exclusive as that of Berlin or Vienna .	as exclusive as	Society	that

2671	And do you see the cows .	which look as small as beetles .	as small as	which	beetles

2672	field , and when I came out of it .	my trousers were as red as lobsters , as high as the knee .	as red as	trousers	knee

2673	I was mounted on a thoroughbred hunter .	but mercifully it was as quiet as a lamb .	as quiet as	it	lamb

2674	The content of knowledge seemed to have been lost .	but the form of knowledge remained as active as before the accident and was perhaps even more precise and definite .	as active as	form	accident

2675	Now for something primordial and savage .	even though it were as bad as an Armenian massacre , to set the balance straight again .	as bad as	it	massacre

2676	If they were given an opportunity .	the Japanese are quite as capable as the Italians , the Armenians , or the Slavs of acquiring our culture and sharing our national ideals .	as capable as	Japanese	Italians

2677	The place had a gloomy and deserted air .	and we unanimously agreed that neither the dwelling nor its location was nearly as pleasant as our own at Castle .	as pleasant as	dwelling	own

2678	Jordan evidently believed that one might achieve affluence by making the requisite effort .	and Jimmy considered himself equally as capable as the sawmiller .	as capable as	himself	sawmiller

2679	The luxurious spirit of the times requires the importation and exportation of an immense list of articles with which foreign countries were formerly unacquainted .	but which have now become as indispensable as air , and light , and water .	as indispensable as	which	air

2680	Swift writes like a man who has passed his whole life in the midst of public business .	and to whom the most important affairs of state are as familiar as his weekly bills .	as familiar as	affairs	bills

2681	I do n't believe thinking is good for me .	though I do wish I was as handsome as Judith .	as handsome as	I	Judith

2682	Such things were usual in an Indian village and camp .	where sleep is as irregular as the meals .	as irregular as	village	meals

2683	Tis nat ' ral for women to enter into their husband 's victories and defeats .	and you are as good as man and wife , so far as prejudyce and fri ' ndship go .	as good as	you	prejudyce

2684	If it had been possible for Gabrielle Tescheron to understand that I had read her impulsive father 's character aright .	and that my loyalty to Jim Hosley at the time was as firm as her own , our difficulties would have been greatly simplified .	as firm as	loyalty	own

2685	found herself in the lieutenant 's arms .	she turned around as quick as a flash , tore herself away , let fly her hand , and .	as quick as	she	flash

2686	As the stove door opened for the intrepid Moses .	out flew Tillie the white bantam hen now as black as a crow with soot .	as black as	hen	crow

2687	rcive power at first only existed in the shape of the police .	which is as old as the state .	as old as	shape	state

2688	Dunstan , the great Church reformer and statesman .	built and restored as many as forty monasteries .	as many as	Dunstan	monasteries

2689	The statues of course forbade collectors to receive presents .	but a wink is as good as a nod , and it was customary for every determiner upon presenting himself to give the collector a .	as good as	wink	nod

2690	It is not the least unsatisfactory reflection that the fighting men whom we recruited at the eleventh hour for war from the ranks of our Colonists .	proved themselves as good as our professional soldiers .	as good as	men	soldiers

2691	hook and put it beside you .	it is as sharp as a lance , and it may be useful .	as sharp as	it	lance

2692	As to Barbillon and Nicholas Martial .	they are as savage as tigers , but as cowardly as pullets .	as cowardly as	they	pullets

2693	Whether or not the youth saw the trap .	he was as frank as his interrogator .	as frank as	he	interrogator

2694	But two of the crew were to be seen .	and they lay as senseless as logs .	as senseless as	they	logs

2695	I was introduced to the invalid .	and soon we were as familiar as old acquaintances .	as familiar as	we	acquaintances

2696	So , with added craft on account of his many battles , he had come to skulk more .	holding meat won by stealth equally as good as that fought for , and realizing as he grew older that in time he would be overcome .	as good as	meat	that

2697	the rain is coming down heavily .	and the night is as black as a wolf .	as black as	night	wolf

2698	John with an impassioned lasting love .	appeared to him as clear as the stars in a frosty sky .	as clear as	John	stars

2699	When the suit of clothes is worn to rags .	the rags are still as good as new , for the wool is picked out into strands of fiber again and woven anew .	as good as	rags	new

2700	Now , to write a sonnet , every one allows .	One must always be as quiet as a mouse .	as quiet as	One	mouse

2701	She caught him about the knees with her arms .	and she was as strong as a young animal and as lithe .	as strong as	she	lithe

2702	it would be curious to have the same test tried upon the prose writings .	though no such test can be as trustworthy as the educated ear of a listener to a continued reading .	as trustworthy as	test	ear

2703	I might have neglected my lessons under the same temptation .	and if my temper were naturally as hot as yours I do n't know that I should have been any more meek and respectful than you were under so sharp a rebuke .	as hot as	temper	yours

2704	Jack , on the other hand , although his pulses were throbbing uncomfortably fast and a large lump appeared to have clambered into his throat and stuck there .	was outwardly as cool as ice .	as cool as	Jack	ice

2705	gulls , on the other hand .	are as buoyant as corks , and have webbed feet .	as buoyant as	gulls	corks

2706	shaped glare of white which contained an exaggerated mock sun .	which was as dazzling as the sun himself .	as dazzling as	sun	sun

2707	The wind shows signs of easing down .	but the temperature does not fall and the snow is as wet as ever , not promising signs of abatement .	as wet as	snow	ever

2708	foot , and , when it cleared later .	we saw the sea as white as the ice .	as white as	we	ice

2709	As to Barbillon and Nicholas Martial .	they are as savage as tigers , but as cowardly as pullets .	as savage as	they	tigers

2710	there is great abundance of fish .	as healthful as meat .	as healthful as	there	meat

2711	and if the people of China be once driven away .	it will be as poor as all the other depopulated Yndias .	as poor as	it	Yndias

2712	When he hollered I helped him up and breshed the dirt off his clothes .	and he was as umble as a ded nigger and as sober as a Presbyterian preacher .	as umble as	he	preacher

2713	We say a soul is dead while in a state of mortal sin .	because in that state it is as helpless as a dead body , and can merit nothing for itself .	as helpless as	it	body

2714	The old man trembled from head to foot .	and his cheek was as pale as ashes .	as pale as	cheek	ashes

2715	Now , though her Grace could not help laughing at his position and words .	yet she grew as sour as vinegar again immediately .	as sour as	she	vinegar

2716	Who knows if your Highness will be alive by the end of the year .	for you look as pale as a corpse .	as pale as	you	corpse

2717	Then they gathered round the poor young Prince .	who lay there as stiff as a corpse , and lamented over him with loud lamentations , and some of them lifted him up to carry him out of the chamber .	as stiff as	who	corpse

2718	Then a dead silence reigned throughout the chamber .	and Sidonia looked as white as her paramour .	as white as	Sidonia	paramour

2719	prioress , and there was an end of it .	or the abbess might lie groaning there till she was as stiff as a pole .	as stiff as	she	pole

2720	It was late in the long spring evening .	and he had just come from the lower field as cheerful as a boy , proud of having finished the planting of his potatoes .	as cheerful as	he	boy

2721	T is difficult for him to spare a cent .	but he 's as honest as daylight .	as honest as	he	daylight

2722	she seemed so to have seen into you with that penetration of the heart .	which is full as quick as that of the head , if there be any difference .	as quick as	which	that

2723	I send a sketch of the room .	and how we all sat last night as happy as possible listening to Mr.	as happy as	we	listening

2724	I hope this will find you well .	and that this one will be as good as the others .	as good as	one	others

2725	Why here we 've been pouring out clouds like old Vesuvius for an hour with no windows open .	and yet the air is as clear as a bell .	as clear as	air	bell

2726	The great hairy head was black .	but the stocky body was as white as a polar bear .	as white as	body	bear

2727	The only brute animals that we saw in the caverns were some doglike creatures .	about as large as terriers , but very furry , which showed the utmost terror whenever we appeared .	as large as	animals	terriers

2728	In a few minutes Jack and I had restored Henry to his senses .	but he was as weak as a child , and remained lying on one of the cushioned benches .	as weak as	he	child

2729	But when the change came at last .	it was as sudden as the dropping of a curtain .	as sudden as	it	dropping

2730	I trembled with apprehension at this bold maneuver .	but Edmund was as steady as a rock .	as steady as	Edmund	rock

2731	There was a rushing to and fro .	Ala 's face grew as pale as death , and her attendants fell upon their knees and began to lift their hands heavenward , with an expression of terror and wild appeal .	as pale as	face	death

2732	The Camp is busy enough at any time of the day .	and the Army Service Corps which supplies it is almost as busy as any unit on active service .	as busy as	Corps	unit

2733	While thus far we had proceeded on Thursday .	I thought we were as good as agreed .	as good as	we	agreed

2734	He would play any and all games of chance .	and would play them as high as any man in the country , and come as near winning all the time at most of them .	as high as	He	man

2735	The English boot was adopted almost universally .	and gaiters became as common as in London .	as common as	gaiters	London

2736	His long white hair fell on his shoulders .	and his movements were as precise as those of a grenadier .	as precise as	movements	those

2737	And if Jim escaped and stole out by himself .	how could it be known whether his companions would be as innocent as Mab and Florry .	as innocent as	companions	Mab

2738	plants and drugs by imported products .	and the knowledge of foreign vegetation became as indistinct as that of foreign animals .	as indistinct as	plants	that

2739	Peter , the prince of the apostles .	were as great as any of his predecessors have shown to any of ours .	as great as	Peter	any

2740	Staggering up from the anchorage was a figure in pitiful rags with big .	poppy white eyes staring glassily out of a face as black as ink .	as black as	eyes	ink

2741	Such was the end of this man .	whose death was as extraordinary as his life .	as extraordinary as	man	life

2742	The gods offered a ransom for their lives .	as large as Hreidmar himself would determine it .	as large as	gods	Hreidmar

2743	When I discovered that this dear little Creature .	who was as fair as her name and as good as gold , was my Countrywoman , I made bold to tell her that I was English too .	as fair as	Creature	gold

2744	When any weakness of the human heart can find a seeming virtue to go hand in hand with it .	the battle is as good as lost .	as good as	battle	lost

2745	She called at intervals for help .	but her voice became as feeble as that of a tired child .	as feeble as	voice	that

2746	But not only did Gervase want to marry her .	but it had become extremely clear of late that Sir Charles was as eager as his son .	as eager as	Charles	son

2747	In Washington you made heaps of me .	now you are as cold as an iceberg .	as cold as	you	iceberg

2748	yet she was a fine soul .	as deep as the tarn on the mountain .	as deep as	she	tarn

2749	There are many young men in the Russian ballet who dance excellently with their bodies .	even if they can not leap as high as Nijinsky , but what really separates him from them is the fact that he dances not only with his body , but with his soul .	as high as	they	Nijinsky

2750	Here the growth of large private fortunes was marked by much greater celerity than in the East .	although these fortunes are not as large as those based upon land in the Eastern cities .	as large as	fortunes	those

2751	I rather suspected that Captain Collyer had stood back to look for Toby and me .	though it was almost as hopeless as looking for a needle in a bundle of hay , I felt very sure that he would search for us , and that he would rather lose the chance of capturing the schooner than lose us .	as hopeless as	it	looking

2752	Though I should not have been sorry to have got home without more fighting .	I was as ready as any one , and hoped that I should not get another wound , as I was quite content with the one I had to exhibit .	as ready as	I	one

2753	We 've but the three of them .	and they 're all as throng as a bee .	as throng as	they	bee

2754	no , I am wrong there .	you are as dumb as a fish .	as dumb as	you	fish

2755	The moon shone full through the eastern windows of the store .	making it almost as light as day , and Ned had no trouble in finding the hay and the water .	as light as	it	day

2756	When one gets almost weary of the struggle .	she is as fresh as at the beginning .	as fresh as	she	beginning

2757	We could not hear him very well .	though we could hear the choir as plain as day .	as plain as	we	day

2758	armor and wear iron pots on their heads .	they would be as ridiculous as most tragedy actors on the stage .	as ridiculous as	they	actors

2759	no rain had fallen for several weeks .	and this heart of the forest was as dry as tinder .	as dry as	heart	tinder

2760	Before we reached the bottom of Caribou Pass .	the water burst out from the rocks in a clear stream that was as cold as ice .	as cold as	stream	ice

2761	There is a picture of the eleven thousand disembarking from one boat on the Rhine .	which is as wonderful as the trooping of hundreds of spirits out of a conjurer 's bottle .	as wonderful as	Rhine	trooping

2762	Some of his finest poems were also produced here .	poems for which Venice is as grateful as Ravenna .	as grateful as	poems	Ravenna

2763	But by and by sleep came .	and John forgot his woes in dreaming that he knew where Madagascar was just as easy as anything .	as easy as	Madagascar	anything

2764	We hear much of horses that can walk five miles an hour .	but they are as rare as white elephants .	as rare as	they	elephants

2765	Some cranks have maintained that the theory of gravitation alone does not explain the universe .	that repulsion is as necessary as attraction in our economy .	as necessary as	repulsion	attraction

2766	Of course if his own conception is not clear .	he will be as unjust as in writing about a person in real life whose character he knew only by rumor .	as unjust as	he	writing

2767	It is a positive relief to look at an old colonial mansion .	even if it is as plain as a barn .	as plain as	it	barn

2768	At our present rate of progress .	the drawings in all our amusing weeklies will soon be as good as those in the ' Fliegende Blatter .	as good as	drawings	those

2769	shelves in the old farmhouse to which he had access .	and the news had not been apprehended in this remote valley that the classics of literature were all as good as dead and buried , and that the human mind had not really created anything worth modern notice before about the middle of the nineteenth century .	as good as	classics	dead

2770	But although for many years Patience rarely left her home .	until the habit of seclusion had become as fixed as that of a nun who had taken the vows , no one knew so well as she the news and gossip of the neighborhood , and her power of learning or divining it seemed to increase with her years .	as fixed as	habit	that

2771	Especially in the presence of fashion and wealth would the independent American citizen straighten his backbone .	reassuring himself that he was as good as anybody .	as good as	he	anybody

2772	When I see the story I may take the other side and urge you to go on .	even if you are as poor as a church .	as poor as	you	church

2773	It may be a treacherous pause .	this water may be as cruel as that which rages below and exults in catching a boat or a man and bounding with the victim over the cataract .	as cruel as	water	that

2774	is little more than a series of exhausting sieges and desperate battles .	which would have been as heroic as any in history if they had been attended with loss of life .	as heroic as	more	any

2775	s heat in the south was so great that it caused the water to boil and thick vapour to obscure the sky .	which was always as dark as night .	as dark as	sky	night

2776	He found the country distracted with religious feuds .	in which the Protestants were as violent as the Catholics .	as violent as	feuds	Catholics

2777	The spirit of the women of the country districts was thoroughly roused .	and their opposition was as formidable as that of their husbands .	as formidable as	opposition	that

2778	she took up life with utter listlessness and indifference .	and she fancied that her love for Andrew was as dead as all the rest .	as dead as	love	rest

2779	for in this case the illusion before mentioned ceases altogether .	and the effect of the edges is as visible as in any case that has come under our observation .	as visible as	illusion	case

2780	She got out of the room quickly .	so that no one would find out that her hair was as false as everything else .	as false as	hair	everything

2781	advised for a girl in her first winter .	and especially when she starts as late as Sylvia .	as late as	she	Sylvia

2782	Now at closer range the aureole has slightly faded .	though you are as handsome as ever , Frank , dear .	as handsome as	you	ever

2783	Sir Kay thought the boy had probably run away from the farm belonging to some Abbey where he had not had enough to eat .	and he promised that if Gareth would work well he would feed him until he was as plump as a pigeon .	as plump as	he	pigeon

2784	new recliners for the stadium && i wish , do n't know much about other stadiums , but the seats at the bridge make airline seats feel luxurious .	you obviously have n't flown united mate . their seats are as thick as a sheet of paper , as stable as venezuela , and as comfortable as an iron maiden .	as comfortable as	their seats	iron maiden

2785	Perhaps , ' said the father .	' for your heart is as pure as snow .	as pure as	father	snow

2786	He had never heard that lions were to be found in Montana .	and his surprise was almost as great as his terror .	as great as	surprise	terror

2787	His moustache would do credit to any dragoon .	And his voice is as deep as a double bassoon .	as deep as	voice	bassoon

2788	If Queen Victoria were to drop in unexpectedly to luncheon .	my aunt would be as cool as one of her own early cucumbers , and would insist on showing the Queen her stables , and possibly her pigs .	as cool as	aunt	one

2789	The hundreds of hands that these things require to carry them on are the hands of human beings .	whose right to this merciful pause of rest is as clear as their humanity .	as clear as	beings	humanity

2790	I would have given much to know what it was .	but I was as ignorant as the drummer .	as ignorant as	I	drummer

2791	They have all been treated with chemicals .	and their beauty of complexion is just as artificial as any rouged and bepowdered courtesan 's .	as artificial as	beauty	courtesan

2792	The next morning we all carried home our loads .	and mine was as large as any of the others , if not larger .	as large as	mine	any

2793	We want a name that will include every American citizen who has a drop of Negro blood in his or her veins .	let them be as white as snow or as black as soot , and that name is .	as white as	them	soot

2794	These rich low grounds when drained and ridged .	are as productive as the natural high land , and vastly more durable , especially for Sugar .	as productive as	grounds	land

2795	Bowlby had managed to find his tongue .	and his queries were about twice as numerous as those of his companion .	as numerous as	queries	those

2796	He observed it in his breathing .	which was as soft as that of an infant .	as soft as	breathing	that

2797	So faint was the mark of the trail opposite that even with the help of the moonbeams .	it took an eye as keen as that of Deerfoot to tell where his enemies would appear .	as keen as	it	that

2798	Though his passion had the glow of the furnace .	he was as calm as death .	as calm as	he	death

2799	There was money in all our pockets .	and our money was as good as any man 's , and our hearts were as free and generous .	as good as	money	man

2800	Once , in the thickest of the brush , he grabbed up a gun and began to shoot with us .	and I reckon he fired as straight as anybody there , for he had had lots of practice while hunting .	as straight as	he	anybody

2801	But , ' said their host , ' if you get at the heart of the giant .	you will find it as large as one of your elephants .	as large as	you	one

2802	By the time we were all seated .	she was as quiet as death .	as quiet as	she	death

2803	They ask all sorts of curious questions about him .	whether he is not as old as the mountains , whether he can not bring the dead to life , and I have no doubt for many years after his death he will be looked upon as a deity and expected to come back again .	as old as	he	deity

2804	I have been much interested by your letter .	which is as clear as daylight .	as clear as	letter	daylight

2805	for by odd chance I told Frank a week ago that next spring he must collect at Cambridge lots of Cerambyx moschatus .	for as sure as life he would find the odour sexual .	as sure as	he	life

2806	but he goes to work every day .	and I am as happy as a queen .	as happy as	I	queen

2807	But her chief characteristic was a certain calm sweetness in expression and manner .	a certain gentle tact that made her presence as soothing as a strain of sweet music .	as soothing as	that	strain

2808	I thought she had best be on the ground floor in case of fire .	and this room was as safe as any in the house .	as safe as	room	any

2809	she had no misgiving about handling it now .	and it looked as formidable as ever , for of course the man in the shrubbery could not know that it was unloaded , and she made sure he would not put its being so to the test .	as formidable as	it	ever

2810	That was her voice speaking now .	as steady as her eyes .	as steady as	That	eyes

2811	Pollard raged at us for it .	and told us that our gold was as counterfeit as the rotten bones that we worshipped .	as counterfeit as	gold	bones

2812	Longmore , when he thought of this .	felt the force of his desire to offer her something of which she could be as sure as of the sun in heaven .	as sure as	something	sun

2813	The bobolink sits on the basswood vines .	and the thrush in the gooseberry tree is as melodious as a hired man .	as melodious as	thrush	man

2814	treated at the railroad eating corral and omelette emporium .	and that in consequence of such treatment we shed great scalding tears as large as watermelons .	as large as	we	watermelons

2815	It was a small sum the cottage cost .	but to the poor woman it was as big as a million to a millionnaire .	as big as	it	million

2816	It was decked over and caulked .	so that it was as tight as a ship on the ocean .	as tight as	it	ship

2817	keeper pressed Dory quite warmly to take the money .	but the latter was as firm as a rock .	as firm as	latter	rock

2818	But I must go up to the house and change my clothes .	for I am as wet as a drowned rat .	as wet as	I	rat

2819	Astonishing things happened in that early film drama .	as old as the hills now , but novel and sensational then .	as old as	things	the hills

2820	He went about looking depressed and wretched .	and he was as white as a sheet after an interview with the commander of a French destroyer , who informed him that he could wait no longer .	as white as	he	sheet

2821	She raly do n't know how to cut a dash .	and yet her husband is as rich as a Jew .	as rich as	husband	Jew

2822	Jest over the pen where the fiddlers sot .	hung a great picter as big as the side of a house .	as big as	sot	side

2823	but it did n't seem much whiter than her forehead and neck .	for they were as white as the froth on a pail of new milk afore it is strained .	as white as	they	froth

2824	I heard the old maid squeak out .	as sour as vinegar .	as sour as	maid	vinegar

2825	how I wish you would read the story about her .	it 's as good as the Pilgrim 's Progress any day .	as good as	it	Progress

2826	If a lord behaves himself like folks .	he 's as good as a Yankee any day .	as good as	he	Yankee

2827	flowers and fruits from Boston and Cambridge .	and a basket of champagne from a Concord friend whose company is as exhilarating as the sparkling wine he sent us .	as exhilarating as	friend	wine

2828	not one of the acts of his conscience had been definitive .	and he was still as unsettled as at the beginning .	as unsettled as	he	beginning

2829	tarred sails drawn upwards by ropes from below the keel .	as high as the previous leaking .	as high as	sails	leaking

2830	The result of this war is to settle the question whether they who are hereafter to inhabit this magnificent country are or are not to have that primal blessing of a good government .	without which the most abundant material resources are as valueless as scientific books or philosophical installments would be among the most barbarous tribes of Africa or Australia .	as valueless as	resources	books

2831	Gazing with beaming eye and throbbing heart upon the grandeur and beauty of this splendid edifice of constitutional government in America .	we came to believe that it was as imperishable as the memory of its illustrious builders .	as imperishable as	it	memory

2832	Yet , I remember , when I was in France .	Young gentlemen would be as sad as night , Only for wantonness .	as sad as	gentlemen	night

2833	If he did n't get a full dose of Peer Gynt every few days .	he was as nervous as a Cat .	as nervous as	he	Cat

2834	Places in the Tenderloin they moved on to Europe .	where they were just as welcome as Influenza .	as welcome as	Europe	Influenza

2835	She do n't lift a hand to help .	and I expect as sure as Fate that we 'll have Mrs.	as sure as	I	Fate

2836	But prettiest of all was a little girl about ten years old .	who rode in the middle of the procession upon a lovely horse as white as milk .	as white as	who	milk

2837	He loved her with a burning love .	but at this moment the difference between love and hate was as imperceptible as that between the touch of ice and a red .	as imperceptible as	difference	that

2838	which , let it be remarked in passing .	he understood as little as a new born child .	as little as	he	child

2839	At some distance another entirely insulated mass presented itself .	as large as a cottage of two stories , with walls as perpendicular , and secluded like a cottage by trees .	secluded like	mass	a cottage by trees

2840	new recliners for the stadium && i wish , do n't know much about other stadiums , but the seats at the bridge make airline seats feel luxurious .	you obviously have n't flown united mate . their seats are as thick as a sheet of paper , as stable as venezuela , and as comfortable as an iron maiden .	as stable as	their seats	venezuela

2841	And so for a day or two .	things remained as static as unexploded dynamite .	as static as	things	dynamite

2842	pole , converting the sails into a sloping roof .	but it also strained the canvas as tight as a drum .	as tight as	it	drum

2843	Francois suggested that we should throw you to them .	declaring that you were as good as dead already , and that it was a shame to disappoint the sharks after they had waited so patiently for you .	as good as	you	dead

2844	Boris , whose eyes never quitted them .	was as pale as the wax on his guzla , which he rattled violently from time to time .	as pale as	Boris	wax

2845	Every time she looked at him she would urge her horses to additional speed by lashings of the whip .	until they were nearly as mad as their mistress .	as mad as	they	mistress

2846	By this present Aeschines outdid Alcibiades .	whose mind was as great as his Wealth , and all the splendour of the most wealthy youths of Athens .	as great as	Alcibiades	Wealth

2847	See how unjustly the gifts of heaven are valued even by some who profess themselves philosophers .	who complain that we are not as big as elephants , as swift as stags , as light as birds , as strong as bulls .	as big as	we	bulls

2848	of the tubera indica vermiculis scatentia I send you a peece .	they are as bigg as good Tennis .	as bigg as	they	Tennis

2849	But the arm got up at last .	and nobody saw that it was as stiff as marble .	as stiff as	it	marble

2850	re the best friends that ever was .	and mean to be as good as ladies .	as good as	mean	ladies

2851	They had their faces painted in all kinds of strange ways .	some with black stripes as broad as your finger all up and down them .	as broad as	some	finger

2852	if they was really new I 'd revel to listen to 'em .	but they 're as old as the hills an ' I feel like I was offered somethin' to cut my teeth on whenever I hear him beginnin ' with a fresh old one .	as old as	they	hills

2853	to have my trousers soppin ' wet all round the bottoms .	and then it have come on an ' freezed 'em as stiff as boards all round .	as stiff as	it	boards

2854	Meanwhile , although he would not have confessed it .	his young rosy cheeks grew as pale as a forehead , and his face fell in like a piano .	as pale as	cheeks	forehead

2855	Aristotle gives no exhaustive classification of different kinds of State .	because forms of government may be as various as the circumstances which give rise to them .	as various as	forms	circumstances

2856	If nothing thwarted the amiable efforts of herself and offspring to multiply and replenish .	they would shortly pack the ocean as full as a box of sardines .	as full as	they	box

2857	bridges , temples , and pagodas .	often as brilliant as the autumnal leaves around them .	as brilliant as	bridges	leaves

2858	roads do not yet exist in these mountain regions .	and horses are almost as rare as centaurs .	as rare as	horses	centaurs

2859	In many of the old houses .	in which the fireplaces were as old as the houses themselves , they were never used and were either boarded up or carefully screened from view .	as old as	many	houses

2860	Allston introduced young Morse to Benjamin West .	whose fame at that time was as wide as the world of art .	as wide as	West	world

2861	the two were heartily acclaimed a striking couple .	and congratulations beat about their ears as thick as sugar .	as thick as	congratulations	sugar

2862	In this they were partially successful .	and though the enemy 's resistance was as strong as ever , they were able to establish posts , of which the most northerly was about .	as strong as	resistance	ever

2863	it is all very well to point out that these movements are periodical .	almost as inevitable as the volcanic eruptions that belch out their volumes of running fire and die down again into peaceful submission .	as inevitable as	movements	eruptions

2864	Having always been provided for by their masters .	they were as improvident as children .	as improvident as	they	children

2865	Grant and Andrew Johnson could not fail to be decided in favor of the former .	whose sturdy truthfulness has been as conspicuous as Johnson .	as conspicuous as	truthfulness	Johnson

2866	lost ground by hauling off to give broadsides .	which were as ineffectual as the fire from the chase .	as ineffectual as	broadsides	fire

2867	As it was going over my line I gave a twitch and hooked it in the under part of the foot .	where the skin is as tough as leather .	as tough as	part	leather

2868	It was veterans of the Empire .	who certainly were as reliable as our men , who gave this example of lack of coolness .	as reliable as	Empire	men

2869	There was something of value at stake now .	and my mind was as busy as my hands and eyes .	as busy as	mind	hands

2870	his tracks led from the corral to the tall spruce .	and they were as numerous as the footprints of a wolf .	as numerous as	they	footprints

2871	a fourth trap had closed on his flank .	and in tearing the jaws loose he had pulled off a patch of skin half as big as McTaggart .	as big as	he	McTaggart

2872	In the matter of triolets Austin Dobson is again an authority .	though his experiments in this form are scarcely as successful as his ballades and rondeaus .	as successful as	experiments	ballades

2873	Then , the lecture being finished , they all came back to the side of my bed .	and one of the nurses having carefully folded back the covering as low as my waist , the Head proceeded to deftly loosen the fastenings of an enormous bandage which I now discovered enveloped my chest .	as low as	one	waist

2874	If he had not heard to the contrary .	he would have said the boy was as French as the language he spoke .	as French as	boy	language

2875	since the life of love is sweet .	and union is as strong as sweet .	as strong as	union	sweet

2876	If we rightly understand what he means by love .	we shall find that his praise of love is as theological as anything that he ever wrote .	as theological as	praise	anything

2877	a lovely little fairy of a woman .	whose heart is as big as her body .	as big as	woman	body

2878	I said just now that the Horse eventually died and became converted into the same inorganic substances from whence all but an inappreciable fraction of its substance demonstrably originated .	so that the actual wanderings of matter are as remarkable as the transmigrations of the soul fabled by Indian tradition .	as remarkable as	wanderings	transmigrations

2879	It was at that moment that Joan .	who was as agile as a kitten , stepped on deck , and into the light of the lantern which the lieutenant himself was holding .	as agile as	Joan	kitten

2880	He was trembling so much that his sword rattled at his side .	and his voice was as hoarse as a raven .	as hoarse as	voice	raven

2881	A dapper little old gentleman with a bald head and only one eye .	who was as deaf as a post , but would not allow any one to consider him so .	as deaf as	who	post

2882	not that he respected Jeannette or her principles .	but because he was as proud as a peacock .	as proud as	he	peacock

2883	Two cards of one plain suit .	one being as high as a queen .	as high as	one	queen

2884	With all his crimes broad blown .	as flush as May .	as flush as	crimes	May

2885	They range in size from single microscopic cells to systems of entangled threads many feet in extent .	which develop reproductive bodies as large as a man 's head .	as large as	which	head

2886	In the hands of the man who had stolen it or murdered for it .	it was as good as in those which had earned it by industry .	as good as	it	those

2887	and you may be very sure that it does not happen with us .	to whom liberty is as dear as equality or fraternity .	as dear as	liberty	equality

2888	He now gazed at the sleeping child .	and the love that shone in his eyes was as pure as an angel 's .	as pure as	love	angel

2889	the three first being of Affghan blood .	quite as good as any Barukzye or Ghilzye , and the last better .	as good as	being	Barukzye

2890	He is irritated at the presence of others there .	at their not becoming as light as air .	as light as	their	air

2891	The young are branded with a mark peculiar to each herd .	and some of the most wealthy owners mark as many as fourteen thousand a year .	as many as	some	thousand

2892	walk , hemmed in on each side with trees .	which seemed as old as the creation .	as old as	which	creation

2893	bows peeped forth the menacing muzzles of a pair of pistols .	the mechanism of which was about as simple as the mechanism of a modern steam .	as simple as	mechanism	mechanism

2894	Using the distinction between theory and practice .	which is as old as Aristotle , geology in its theoretical aspect is more easily comprehended than is the theoretical aspect of most of the modern sciences .	as old as	distinction	Aristotle

2895	But the bottle knocked against his teeth .	and the liquid ran out over his beard and his chest The alcohol tasted as flat as water .	as flat as	alcohol	water

2896	but you must let me have the first shot .	because my eyesight is not as good as yours , and if you should hit his ear first the blood might confuse my aim .	as good as	eyesight	yours

2897	Sometimes it even fills the Roche Creuse .	but just now it must be as dry as a powder .	as dry as	it	powder

2898	In half an hour his treasured theories had been picked to pieces and his stock of argument was exhausted .	whilst his rival appeared as fresh as the woodwork .	as fresh as	rival	woodwork

2899	She had established herself in these London lodgings with the cosmopolitan independence of the American girl .	whose own country contains distances as great as that from London to Petrograd .	as great as	country	that

2900	It was so long since I had been happy .	and I had never been as happy as that , or anything like it .	as happy as	I	that

2901	nor can the sequence of feelings one upon another with any significance be called coherence .	since in that case an incoherence would be as impossible as any failure in the sequence .	as impossible as	incoherence	failure

2902	Abijah and Jeroboam had each gathered an immense army .	but the army of Israel was twice as large as that of Judah .	as large as	army	that

2903	The supernatural is simply the realm of freedom .	and it is as natural as the physical realm of necessity .	as natural as	it	realm

2904	you gathered those from your own trees .	and they are as ripe as your apple .	as ripe as	they	apple

2905	it needs but a word from her lip .	to show that such means are as vain as whistling to the wind .	as vain as	means	whistling

2906	Bold till the moment of action comes .	he is as timid as a hare when it is most necessary to show firmness .	as timid as	he	hare

2907	The stout soldier shut his teeth .	which were as white as snow , upon his grizzled moustache .	as white as	teeth	snow

2908	If she wants any more help .	she will be as smooth as oil .	as smooth as	she	oil

2909	It was mainly a game of brag on the part of Catharine .	who was really as anxious as Elizabeth at the time to maintain a close connection between England and France .	as anxious as	game	Elizabeth

2910	since , in the first case , a boundary is possible .	and will exist at the point where the weight of a single atom is as great as the repulsive force of the medium .	as great as	point	force

2911	and if they had only had a fair shake .	they would have gone over as slick as a whistle .	as slick as	they	whistle

2912	Though I be now like to the snowy Alps .	I was as hot as Aetna in my youth .	as hot as	I	Aetna

2913	With the fleet was a large number of Genoese artificers and carpenters .	whose arrival in the camp was almost as timely as that of the wine and food .	as timely as	number	that

2914	We went up to her and touched the side .	and it was as hard as a real ship .	as hard as	it	ship

2915	My second benefactor was nominally a boy .	though in reality he was nearly as old as the master , and was leaving at the end of the term to go up to Oxford .	as old as	he	master

2916	and then he took out the gold pieces and threw them into the ditch .	and they were not half as bright as the buttercups .	as bright as	they	buttercups

2917	Well , I really would if I could .	but you must remember that all these stories are as true as the histories of .	as true as	stories	histories

2918	and she hied up stairs to her room .	as unsuspecting as a dove .	as unsuspecting as	she	dove

2919	for my father deals in both .	and therefore it is as good as money .	as good as	it	money

2920	Now , I hope that supper is ready .	for I am as hungry as a hunter .	as hungry as	I	hunter

2921	He says that a cook must not have a rough hand .	but that it should be as soft as a woman 's .	as soft as	it	woman

2922	I sought an immense old tree .	whose broad crown and thick foliage made my shelter as dry as though under a roof , and here I sat down , bending my eyes along the placid , quiet and noble river , until I was quite lost in silent reverie .	as dry as	crown	roof

2923	Well , o ' course you know that Bill 's the biggest liar ever shipped out o ' London .	where liars is as common as weevils in bread .	as common as	London	weevils

2924	For myself and Steve and the men .	we were as good as nought .	as good as	we	nought

2925	he is a man like ourselves .	only he is as tall as a forty .	as tall as	he	forty

2926	But I 've seen the ones that come from Paris .	and they 're just as different as day and night .	as different as	they	day

2927	The seats of the van were graduated in height .	so that the back ones were as good as the front , and , indeed , a full view of what was passing could be commanded from any position .	as good as	ones	front

2928	She spent the evening giving her father and Grandma a detailed account of her experiences .	and succeeded in making them almost as enthusiastic as herself .	as enthusiastic as	them	herself

2929	The volume is packed with information .	but it is written in so agreeable a style that it is as attractive as a novel , and particularly well suited to serve as a guide to our young people in their study of missions .	as attractive as	it	guide

2930	The gallery conducting to the mine was filled up with snow and lumps of ice .	which the cold of the following night made as hard as granite .	as hard as	cold	granite

2931	The Apaches ' bodies cast off the wet like ducks ' plumage .	whilst the thick blankets of the Mexicans were as serviceable as the chief salteador 's waterproof .	as serviceable as	blankets	waterproof

2932	and its festivities being inspired by the gay face of Nature .	they are as old as any we have on record .	as old as	they	any

2933	When Pochefstroom finally came in sight it was still a good five miles off .	and those last five miles were as bad as any part of the march .	as bad as	miles	part

2934	If Shakespeare and Sophocles lived in our day they might have written novels or essays .	and I daresay with their genius those novels or essays would have been as good as their plays and would have contained as great poetry .	as good as	novels	poetry

2935	The Bank of England endeavours to keep on hand from forty to fifty millions .	but it sometime sinks as low as thirty .	as low as	it	thirty

2936	The tending of all these animals will bring me naught save ache of head .	so do thou take of them as many as thou listest .	as many as	thou	thou

2937	Hamlet observed the king his uncle change colour at this expression .	and that it was as bad as wormwood both to him and to the queen .	as bad as	it	wormwood

2938	Antoine became a place of fashionable resort .	so that Richelieu began to fear that the nun 's influence might be as dangerous as that of the maid of honour .	as dangerous as	influence	that

2939	As he reared up on his hind legs and tried to get at this arrow .	he seemed to Tommy as high as the great wardrobe at home .	as high as	he	wardrobe

2940	Their conduct throughout the Boleyn business simply proves that they were slaves .	and that the slaves were as brutal as their master .	as brutal as	slaves	master

2941	You are also a shameless hypocrite and deceiver .	for you believe that the Carnegies are as old as the Hays , and you know that , though you have only two farms , you have twelve medals and seven wounds .	as old as	Carnegies	Hays

2942	Though both pastors and ruling elders belong to the church by divine right .	yet doth it not follow that the ruling elder is equally as necessary as the pastor .	as necessary as	elder	pastor

2943	men of reddit , when was the last time you cried ? && when i was watching madoka magica a couple of weeks ago .	madoka hit hard , but clannad hit like a train and clannad : after story hit like a nuclear bomb	hit like	clannad	a nuclear bomb

2944	and subject to the relations of space .	since these are as real as space itself .	as real as	these	space

2945	Similar is the admission of another celebrated author .	at least as skeptical as Hume , and writing at the very time , and on the very spot where these marvellous events were occurring .	as skeptical as	Similar	Hume

2946	they are filled with a divine wrath of battle .	and each man is as mad as his neighbor , and the officers are powerless to hold them back , and catch the infection and are swept on with them , and climbing , jumping , slipping , toiling on hands and knees , swinging from tree and bush , any way , any how , but always onward , never backward , they surge up over the mountain .	as mad as	man	neighbor

2947	rooms , from libraries and laboratories .	our young men have gone forth to service as arduous as that which tried their fore .	as arduous as	rooms	that

2948	those for whom I had bought the turkey and apples at Christmas repaid me fourfold .	so that when I went ashore that night my purse was as heavy as on the afternoon when I quitted my ship .	as heavy as	purse	afternoon

2949	Mittens and money were alike far off from my fingers .	and friends were as scarce as money .	as scarce as	friends	money

2950	and at that Quentin  . &&  smiling a little fiercely .	remarked that she was as pale as a cowslip and as impassive as a young Madonna .	as pale as	she	Madonna

2951	westerly part of it  . &&  which I visited .	and here the water was as salt as the sea .	as salt as	water	sea

2952	The royal armies  . &&  of which this is only a part .	are as numerous as the sands of the ocean , and live in many thousands of my underground caverns .	as numerous as	armies	sands

2953	Of the true sovereign souls of that Literature , the Goethes  . &&  Richters , Schillers , Lessings .	he had as good as no knowledge .	as good as	he	knowledge

2954	s Common upon a dark night  . &&  and , lying among the bracken .	I have seen as many as seventy mules and a man at the head of each go flitting past me as silently as trout in a stream .	as many as	I	trout

2955	that you have lost some dear messmate , in battle or wreck  . &&  and that you have put him out of your mind in the routine of your daily life , until suddenly some word or some scene brings him back to your memory .	and you find your sorrow as raw as upon the first day of your loss .	as raw as	you	day

2956	Had he stopped there  . &&  with his unbeaten career behind him .	then indeed the evening of his life might have been as glorious as its dawn .	as glorious as	evening	dawn

2957	Sir Lothian Hume was smiling and nodding his head  . &&  whilst my uncle was coldly impassive .	though I was sure that his heart was as heavy as mine .	as heavy as	heart	mine

2958	All this sentiment and romance and imagination of yours are very charming  . &&  and when I recall the occasions wherein you have kept me awake until two in the morning , I forgive you .	because I found you quite as entertaining as a novel .	as entertaining as	you	novel

2959	for your beauty  . &&  which appeals to the senses of men , yet which at the same time frightens them .	because of the tragic element which is as apparent as the passionate .	as apparent as	element	passionate

2960	This remark , which made a deep impression on all present , nevertheless gave much offence to the President  . &&  who rose and replied , in a tone of considerable asperity , that the Rector 's view was erroneous .	and that a proper military force was as indispensable as a good system of education .	as indispensable as	force	system

2961	Another cry answered his  . &&  but it was so ironical and mocking that the old pirate .	whose nerves were as hard as cords , and who had never trembled in his life , felt a shudder of terror run over all his limbs .	as hard as	pirate	cords

2962	bred air  . &&  their long necks and waists and slender wrists and ankles , their high heels and gorgeous clothes .	they were as angry as cooks .	as angry as	they	cooks

2963	a downward glance gave some of our passengers a squeamish feeling , which  . &&  after all , was purely a psychological phenomenon .	for with ordinary care the ascent is as safe as a drive on a boulevard .	as safe as	phenomenon	drive

2964	and the rainfall  . &&  averaging about thirty inches .	is twice as great as in the southern part of the state .	as great as	rainfall	part

2965	and Tiretta  . &&  who was sitting near her .	took it up with his lips as quick as lightning .	as quick as	Tiretta	lightning

2966	that is to say  . &&  things which , strictly speaking .	are as material as our own brains .	as material as	things	brains

2967	that in the olden times when the genera , the families  . &&  and the orders , diverged from their parent stocks .	gradations existed as fine as those which now connect closely related species with varieties .	as fine as	gradations	those

2968	In each room there was a tapestry of yellow  . &&  blue .	white and red feather mosaic that was as fine as a painting and in some cases perfectly represented men and animals .	as fine as	tapestry	painting

2969	The history of those two expeditions  . &&  I think .	are as glorious as any chapter in our American annals .	as glorious as	history	chapter

2970	a redneck is on his honeymoon about to make love , when his wife says ... && that joke could be so much shorter	but is it so much shorter ? life is like a picture book without any words ... a mystery	is like	life	a mystery

2971	Thereupon the griffin became a piebald wolf and they fought long and sore  . &&  till the cat finding itself beaten .	changed into a worm and crept into a pomegranate which lay beside the fountain in the midst of the hall whereupon the pomegranate swelled till it was as big as a watermelon .	as big as	it	watermelon

2972	and I ought to know  . &&  for I have had to do with them for thirty years .	and in only one year I have imported as many as seventy .	as many as	I	seventy

2973	trees in the churchyard  . &&  and in the meadows where she got the beautiful yellow catkins .	which were as soft as the down of the goslings , and which she was so fond of playing with , also the young twigs which she liked cutting into pipes or whistles .	as soft as	catkins	down

2974	The finds were in the dried beds of lakes that had apparently been formed in the pluvial  . &&  or very wet .	period which occurred at least as early as the end of the last glaciation .	as early as	which	end

2975	A great calamity  . &&  for instance .	is as old as the trilobites an hour after it has happened .	as old as	calamity	trilobites

2976	A lamp was smashed  . &&  and some of the electric terminals had been jarred from their posts , but not a tire had been punctured .	and the machine seemed as capable as ever of taking the road .	as capable as	machine	ever

2977	the things I longed intensely to do I would not let myself do  . &&  not from any religious or moral scruple .	but from some inexplicable fastidiousness or scrupulosity which is yet as active as ever , although I am sure that it would not be able to hold its own could these favorable conditions be repeated , but would be overcome by the imperious and fully grown desires which , by long repression , or by unsatisfactory diversion , have grown to be so strong .	as active as	fastidiousness	ever

2978	She drank  . &&  she swore , she courted girls .	she worked as hard as her fellows , she fished and camped .	as hard as	she	fellows

2979	yet a Debt of Honour  . &&  Sir .	is as sure as their Ready Money .	as sure as	Debt	Money

2980	do people  . &&  wine was the drink .	and the variety was nearly as great as in our time .	as great as	variety	time

2981	which gave us such Refreshment  . &&  after we had been stewing in our own Gravy .	that we thought ourselves as happy as a Couple of .	as happy as	we	Couple

2982	We have quite a number of Negro neighbors where I live  . &&  and several black men work with me .	and I want to say I think they are just as good as anybody .	as good as	they	anybody

2983	Hawarden seems to present traces of at least three periods of construction , the oldest being that of the earthworks  . &&  which , like some similar ones in England .	may be as early as the tenth century .	as early as	earthworks	century

2984	On the north is the ditch cut in the rock  . &&  of great depth and breadth , a very necessary defence .	for beyond it the ground is at least as high as the base of the keep .	as high as	ground	base

2985	When the power of Maud declined  . &&  the citizens .	to whom Geoffrey was as odious as his fortress , laid siege to it .	as odious as	citizens	fortress

2986	It has been shown , from structural evidence  . &&  that the Wakefield Tower , and probably the shell of Devereux Tower , and perhaps that of Bell Tower .	are at least as old as the reign of John .	as old as	Tower	reign

2987	Also the remains of the lower gatehouse  . &&  on the north face of the keep .	are clearly as old as the keep , of which they are part .	as old as	remains	keep

2988	who , haughty and gay  . &&  The free rebel of life , bound or led by no law .	Walk 'd that causeway as bold as Eugene de Luvois .	as bold as	Walk	Luvois

2989	That pleasant old farm house  . &&  once so happy .	was as dull as the forest at midnight .	as dull as	house	forest

2990	Her hair  . &&  once so much like that which Madam Conway likens to her own .	has bleached as white as snow , and her tall form is shriveled now , and bent .	as white as	hair	snow

2991	while at Amarnath in Kashmere  . &&  where the floor is said to rise to the back wall .	the entrance is about as large as the area of the floor , so that the ice must also be below the level of the top of the entrance .	as large as	entrance	area

2992	and if he succeeds with it  . &&  he pokes his ugly nose into our office .	as sure as fate .	as sure as	he	fate

2993	If he does  . &&  there comes on a loathing for it which is intense .	so that the sight of the old battered manuscript is as bad as sea .	as bad as	sight	sea

2994	So the policemen there in the lobby  . &&  disarmed by the strict injunction of their chief .	were as helpless as babes , and like babes they drew down their mouths and gripped tighter that which was within their clutch .	as helpless as	policemen	babes

2995	the explanation of this odd pleonasm being , I suppose  . &&  that here the whole mass of rock , generally decked with grass or shrubs .	is as bare as any single stone .	as bare as	mass	stone

2996	the brigands are extirpated  . &&  to the intense relief of the country people , who were entirely at their mercy .	and whose boast it is that their district is now as safe as the streets of Naples .	as safe as	district	streets

2997	It was a great cause that had to be pleaded  . &&  and the occasion and the city and the man .	were as great as the cause .	as great as	occasion	cause

2998	its value will be enhanced  . &&  but cotton , hemp .	and silk will be as valueless as weeds or as gossamer webs .	as valueless as	cotton	webs

2999	And when they had passed  . &&  the tent began to belch forth men who walked with heads and shoulders a little bent , talking together under their breaths of this man who dared defy the Committee to its face .	and whose daring was as impotent as the breeze that still pulled at the flapping corner of the cloth sign over the door of his place .	as impotent as	daring	breeze

3000	then the sky grew leaden from having been gusty and mottled  . &&  and though no more rain fell .	the wind was as raw as November , and the chill was something that ate to one 's very marrow .	as raw as	wind	November

3001	Johnson against her  . &&  who had told him that , taking away her Greek .	she was as ignorant as a butterfly .	as ignorant as	she	butterfly

3002	I saw a performance of courtly etiquette  . &&  by Lady Charlotte Bertie .	that seemed to me as difficult as any feat I ever beheld , even at Astley 's or Hughes 's .	as difficult as	I	feat

3003	A washstand , some soap  . &&  a little table , and new mat so that she may not have to step on the tiles .	that are as cold as ice , when she gets out of bed in the morning .	as cold as	that	ice

3004	With a girl like that to take care of him  . &&  an old man would soon be in his grave .	even if he were as strong as an oak .	as strong as	he	oak

3005	blue eyes  . &&  and his curling golden hair , worn long in frontier fashion .	he was as fair as any Norseman that ever boasted his descent from the ancient Vikings .	as fair as	he	Norseman

3006	Grey eyes against black  . &&  white man against red .	the strife is as old as the history of the continent they stood upon .	as old as	strife	history

3007	There the Laws of Action give them such free and almost unlimited Liberties to play and wanton with Nature  . &&  that the Voice , Look .	and Gesture of a Comedian may be as various as the Manners and Faces of the whole Mankind are different from one another .	as various as	Voice	Manners

3008	In three seconds , or perhaps five  . &&  the water all around me , for the distance of a small front yard .	was just as flat as a table and as smooth as glass , and so invitin ' in appearance that the three gulls jumped out of the boat and began to swim about on it , primin ' their feathers and lookin ' at themselves in the transparent depths , though I must say that one of them made an awful face as he dipped his bill into the water and tasted kerosene .	as flat as	water	glass

3009	Johnson 's one morning  . &&  and had conversation enough with her to admire her talents .	and to shew her that I was as Johnsonian as herself .	as Johnsonian as	I	herself

3010	If Charles the Second had bent all his mind to it  . &&  had made it his sole object .	he might have been as absolute as Louis the Fourteenth .	as absolute as	he	Fourteenth

3011	but still , if you had received  . &&  however causelessly , any alarm for the affection of the man you meant to marry .	and that man were as amiable as Edgar , you would have been equally disturbed .	as amiable as	man	Edgar

3012	and afterwards  . &&  Jack Whiston persuaded me .	the money was as good as my own , and that it was nothing but a little cribbing from myself .	as good as	money	own

3013	The gestures  . &&  both of the gentlemen and ladies .	were as outrageous as if meant rather to intimidate the audience , than to shew their own animation .	as outrageous as	both	audience

3014	Unused to , because undeserving control  . &&  your days , to this period .	have been as gay as your spirits .	as gay as	control	spirits

3015	her every propensity was pure  . &&  and , when reflection came to her aid .	her conduct was as exemplary as her wishes .	as exemplary as	conduct	wishes

3016	The world is so full of sorrow  . &&  my dear girl , so little visited by happiness .	that cheerfulness is almost as necessary as existence , in such a vale of tears .	as necessary as	cheerfulness	existence

3017	she fancied gay colors and tasty little matters  . &&  so I filled her rooms with all the handsome things I could afford , and when it was done .	I was as pleased as any boy , thinking what happy times we 'd have together and how pleased she 'd be .	as pleased as	I	boy

3018	His mouth was grave and firm  . &&  with plenty of will and courage in its lines .	but a smile could make it as sweet as any woman 's .	as sweet as	smile	woman

3019	room window and played the first bars of a waltz  . &&  and the young people sprang up to follow , leaving their elders to coffee and wine .	Baird was as eager as any one of them .	as eager as	Baird	one

3020	At the same time  . &&  I 've known Tom Reade for a good many years .	and his performance is always as good as his promise .	as good as	performance	promise

3021	that all this is pure fabrication  . &&  a fantasy of the brain .	as unsubstantial as the air .	as unsubstantial as	this	air

3022	In the preceding pages we have discussed the question , Is Jesus a Myth , but I believe that when we have reflected upon the story of man 's fall and his supposed subsequent salvation by the blood of Jesus  . &&  we shall conclude that the function , or the office , which Jesus is said to perform .	is as mythical as his person .	as mythical as	function	person

3023	Even when he is just and great and good  . &&  he has no rights .	he is as vile as the vilest .	as vile as	he	vilest

3024	Of course  . &&  if we are for emotionalism and not for exact and accurate conclusions .	Adler 's estimate of Jesus is as rhetorical as that of Jones or Boyle , but if we have any love for historical truth , there is not even the shadow of evidence , for instance , that the disciples could not believe .	as rhetorical as	estimate	that

3025	But to keep in good form  . &&  Dixon .	you must be as sober as a camel , as chaste as a monk , eh .	as sober as	you	monk

3026	The details  . &&  whether in brick or granite or tin .	are as preposterous as the conception of a building with its parts thus swearing at each other .	as preposterous as	details	conception

3027	fault of his  . &&  when a little boy of ten years old .	he is as innocent as any private individual of the misdeeds which compelled us to depose him , and take possession of his territories .	as innocent as	fault	individual

3028	On being driven to a small clump  . &&  he gained by one spring a very lofty branch and bounded from one branch to another with the swiftness of a common monkey .	his progress being as rapid as that of a swift horse .	as rapid as	progress	that

3029	To refuse sympathy to the two best centuries of the Middle Ages because  . &&  three hundred years later .	occurred a break in western Christendom is as illogical as the attitude of those historians who would liken the religious movement of the XVI century to the antisocial outcrop of Oriental dualism called the Albigensian heresy .	as illogical as	break	attitude

3030	so they dared to carve clown , dog  . &&  cat , or sheep on pinnacle , or in hidden nook .	and their flora was as generous as their fauna .	as generous as	flora	fauna

3031	Her extraordinary cult  . &&  especially among soldiers during the World War .	proves that the thirst for sainthood is as strong as ever in the peoples who went crusading and flung themselves toward heaven in cathedrals .	as strong as	thirst	ever

3032	issued at one pound  . &&  ten shillings .	rose as high as twenty .	as high as	issued	twenty

3033	The season during which , with Lovell at one end of the room  . &&  and the bride at the other , we sat waiting the arrival of the minister .	was as solemn as anything I had ever known .	as solemn as	season	anything

3034	days the magistrates of the towns around seek them to arrest them  . &&  and the fine they must pay is always twice , three times .	and in some cases ten times as great as that imposed upon the American offenders .	as great as	they	that

3035	but at that time  . &&  in my eyes .	she was as grand as a three .	as grand as	she	three

3036	Were it otherwise  . &&  the Sense in these Lines .	would be almost as bad as the Conscience .	as bad as	Sense	Conscience

3037	The unguent  . &&  however , to the horror of the doctors .	burned the skull till the bone was as black as the colour of ink .	as black as	bone	colour

3038	When the Farmer , his servants  . &&  and even his dogs , Cocks , chickens .	and hens slept as sound as logs .	as sound as	Farmer	logs

3039	In spite of all this effort , the institution of the bounty has not answered expectations  . &&  and , with the exception of a few districts .	Vipers remain as plentiful as ever , showing what little man can do in altering the equilibrium of Nature , except by interfering with the natural conditions under which animals live .	as plentiful as	Vipers	ever

3040	is grey or olive above  . &&  with the black markings confluent into more or less regular annuli .	which are nearly as wide as the spaces between them .	as wide as	which	spaces

3041	you sit at home and scare yourselves  . &&  and shake your wise heads , and prophesy evil .	if a little glimmer reaches you of what is as common as the air you breathe in other countries .	as common as	what	air

3042	The ducks now and then  . &&  however .	lay as many as eight , for sixteen have been found in one nest , with two females sitting on them , who agree remarkably well together .	as many as	ducks	eight

3043	white roses with curled edges  . &&  and pink roses with broad petals .	which on their outside edge were as colorless as water , and dark red with black shadows .	as colorless as	petals	water

3044	He tumbled like a pigeon  . &&  he hovered like a hawk .	his flight was as swift as the swallow .	as swift as	flight	swallow

3045	She struggled fiercely , but the cloak that enveloped her  . &&  to say nothing of her own fur coat , hampered her movements .	and she was almost as helpless as an infant in the arms of its nurse .	as helpless as	she	infant

3046	It was a small and single well  . &&  about four feet in diameter .	as deep as that at Karoul .	as deep as	It	that

3047	At Bokhara  . &&  on the other hand , they have a sleek coat .	as fine as that of a horse , and shed their hair in summer .	as fine as	a sleek coat	that of a horse

3048	The sources of this river  . &&  commonly called the River of Cabool .	are nearly as remote as those to the eastward , which we have now described .	as remote as	sources	those

3049	And by the grace of God  . &&  by that the tournament be done , and ye come hither again .	Sir Lancelot shall be as whole as ye , if so be that he will be governed by me .	as whole as	Lancelot	ye

3050	evident thing that the largest ships of the line in existence  . &&  coming within the influence of that deadly attraction .	could resist it as little as a feather the hurricane , and must disappear bodily and at once .	as little as	ships	feather

3051	He swore he saw the white frock of our poor little lost pet fluttering in the daylight , at the top of the mine  . &&  and he screamed out to her in a great fright that the gold was heavy , and the water rising fast .	and that she must come down as quick as lightning if she meant to be in time to help them .	as quick as	she	lightning

3052	the palace was the home of kings  . &&  the princess was of royal blood .	the fairies were as undoubted as the children in the street , while the dishes at the banquet were of unquestionable gold .	as undoubted as	fairies	children

3053	and by the time the moon rose in the evening  . &&  all clouds had cleared away .	and the heavens were as pure as in the morning .	as pure as	heavens	morning

3054	potch of character  . &&  that I should have been much diverted with him , had not his voice .	which was as loud as a speaking .	as loud as	voice	speaking

3055	At the residence of the Governor of the Province at Calix , I saw three swans  . &&  which , having been taken when young .	were as tame as domestic geese , to which these birds are so much alike in every respect , that I can have no doubt of their belonging to one genus .	as tame as	young	geese

3056	Leaving Jacobstadt  . &&  I arrived at the town of New Carleby .	which is nearly as big as Wexi .	as big as	town	Wexi

3057	The happy little party left Errolstrath about seven o'clock  . &&  followed by the old hounds Bluey and Brutus .	which were as anxious as their young masters for the excitement of the impending chase .	as anxious as	hounds	masters

3058	Here they found dinner waiting for them  . &&  and they all ate heartily .	the delightful exercise having made them as ravenous as coyotes .	as ravenous as	exercise	coyotes

3059	When they had arrived within a few hundred yards of the place where the handsome creatures were still unconsciously resting  . &&  one of the Indians and Joe .	who was as good as the best man among them , dismounted and crawled forward in the brush to reconnoitre .	as good as	who	man

3060	It would appear then  . &&  that with the produce of the Begum 's diamonds , converted into money long ago .	and some of them as big as linnet 's eggs .	as big as	some	eggs

3061	and yet , for all that stout intention of houses and lands  . &&  and carriages and horses , in almost any other county or country .	it is as true as any thing in this book , that he was a resident still , a lease .	as true as	it	thing

3062	he is all clad in armour  . &&  for I saw his foot and part of his leg .	and they are as large as the helmet below in the court .	as large as	they	helmet

3063	Take powdered gall nuts and vitriol  . &&  powder them and spread them on paper like a varnish .	then write on it with a pen wetted with spittle and it will turn as black as ink .	as black as	it	ink

3064	but seem to pass by him in a great hurry  . &&  making all the noise possible .	and with plumage furled he stands as immovable as a knot , allowing you a good view and a good shot , if you are a sportsman .	as immovable as	he	knot

3065	Whitney that all the coast of the Bight of Benin  . &&  into which the Niger empties by its various mouths .	was quite as unhealthy as Bonny .	as unhealthy as	coast	Bonny

3066	that the giant gum is also called the ' silver stem  . &&  ' because when it sheds its bark every year the new surface of the tree , when the old one has come off .	is as white as silver .	as white as	surface	silver

3067	In Rotorua you can even have a delightful bath of liquid mud  . &&  which is like grey cream mixed with oil .	and makes one 's skin feel as soft as silk .	as soft as	skin	silk

3068	We were trailing , Henry and I  . &&  trailing and trapping In the land to the north , where fur was the thickest .	And knaves were as plenty as mink or as otter .	as plenty as	knaves	otter

3069	it was already  . &&  he said .	as red as blood .	as red as	he	blood

3070	There is not a scrap of food aboard  . &&  and only a wooden bowl to show that he had water .	but now it is as dry as a bone .	as dry as	it	bone

3071	Now that he was recovering  . &&  and feeling stronger and better every day .	his heart was as light as a boy 's , and he had long ago ceased to fret about the loss of his comrades .	as light as	heart	boy

3072	And a bell rings with a flop , A sort of heavy drop  . &&  A distant blunt bark , As if it was made in the dark , And lived underground like a mole .	And the rope was as black as a coal .	as black as	rope	coal

3073	s a great deal better than some places , you know  . &&  and your mamma and Uncle Phin can come here to live with us , and I can do lots of things to earn money .	and we can be just as happy as anything .	as happy as	we	anything

3074	The character of his stock varied according to the time of year  . &&  for nature and Belgravia are less stable in their seasons than the Jewish schoolboy .	to whom buttons in March are as inconceivable as snow .	as inconceivable as	schoolboy	snow

3075	Such was the state of feeling in the Farmhouse , although the caretaker  . &&  time after time , almost daily .	reiterated the remark that one man was as good as another , and that no distinction was made between the two classes .	as good as	man	another

3076	The Indian squaw uses it to wash her linen  . &&  and the wood , exposed to the double action of air and water .	becomes as hard as cement .	as hard as	wood	cement

3077	and large factories  . &&  like those of the Liebig Company at Fray Bentos .	provide a market as good as the freezing .	as good as	factories	freezing

3078	Garland proposed that they should sing psalms which  . &&  by choosing lively tunes and not thinking of the words .	would be almost as good as ballads .	as good as	psalms	ballads

3079	He shook hands with me  . &&  Rob .	and said he was as pleased as pie about it .	as pleased as	he	pie

3080	You know , Randal  . &&  that there is but one woman in the world I can ever think of , and I love her so devotedly , that .	though I was as gay as most men before , I really feel as if the rest of her sex had lost every charm .	as gay as	I	men

3081	back was a far from complete institution  . &&  and that the forward line of a football team , like a chain .	was as strong as its weakest unit , and no stronger .	as strong as	line	unit

3082	Puss is only a dumb creature  . &&  ' she said by way of excuse .	' but she is as faithful as many Christians , and a good deal kinder than your stepfather .	as faithful as	she	Christians

3083	and so  . &&  rich and poor , high and low .	one person is about as happy as another in Our Street .	as happy as	person	another

3084	and the distance from Ostend to Dover  . &&  and other British coast towns .	is not as great as from the British coast to Heligoland .	as great as	distance	coast

3085	yet the author is  . &&  after all , an extremely concrete personage .	who strives as hard as anyone for his living , and whose reward is seldom commensurate with his efforts .	as hard as	who	anyone

3086	The first critical edition of his works  . &&  by Marcus Valerius Probus .	appeared as early as the time of Nero .	as early as	edition	time

3087	The line of translators  . &&  imitators .	and enthusiasts in France is as numerous as that of other countries .	as numerous as	line	that

3088	That Byron knew his own guilt well  . &&  and judged himself severely , may be gathered from passages in this poem .	which are as powerful as human language can be made .	as powerful as	passages	language

3089	his ankles and knees swell again  . &&  his eyes bag .	the lids are as red as scarlet , and the rest of his face a greenish yellow .	as red as	lids	scarlet

3090	The pencil was found where the writing ended  . &&  and in the case of the line cited just above .	the mark on the slate was just about as wide as the rubbed part of the pencil .	as wide as	mark	part

3091	The glowing coals , having caused the fall of layers of decayed wood  . &&  cleaned out the interior splendidly , and its appearance delighted Stas .	for it was as wide as a large room and could have given shelter not merely to four persons , but to ten men .	as wide as	appearance	room

3092	the security is perfect  . &&  the provisions are abundant .	and the place is as beautiful as Paradise .	as beautiful as	place	Paradise

3093	The boy  . &&  with compassion and with fear , now gazed at her little hands .	which became as white as paper , and bitterly reproached himself because , having lost so much time in the preparation and in drilling the negroes to shoot , he had exposed her to a journey in a season of the year so parching .	as white as	which	paper

3094	Before nightfall they again entered upon a region grilled by the sun  . &&  in which not even acacias grew .	and the ground in some places was as bare as a threshing .	as bare as	ground	threshing

3095	As I perceived her coming  . &&  I crept to the egg , so that I had before me one of the legs of the bird .	which was as big as the trunk of a tree .	as big as	one of the legs of the bird	the trunk of a tree

3096	teeth were very long and sharp  . &&  and stood out of his mouth .	which was as deep as that of a horse .	as deep as	mouth	that

3097	back called to the cat , he clapped his hands to drive her away , but instead of retreating  . &&  she stood upon her hinder feet , staring with her eyes like fire , looking fiercely at him , mewing louder than she did at first .	and increasing in size till she was as large as an ass .	as large as	she	ass

3098	and heaven  . &&  who knows with what reluctance I have made this proposal which induces you to think so hardly of me , is my witness .	that mine is as great as yours .	as great as	mine	yours

3099	Four hundred of the sultan 's young pages carried flambeaux on each side  . &&  which , together with the illuminations of the sultan 's and Alla ad Deen 's palaces .	made it as light as day .	as light as	sultan	day

3100	and I dare say  . &&  without presuming too much upon myself .	that a considerably less sum would be sufficient to make me not only as rich as the first of our trade , but that in time I should be richer than all of them in this city together , though Bagdad is so large and populous .	as rich as	me	first

3101	there they both sat down in a balcony , which afforded a most agreeable prospect into the palace garden  . &&  which prince Firoze Shaw admired for the vast variety of flowers , shrubs , and trees .	which were full as beautiful as those of Persia , but quite different .	as beautiful as	which	those

3102	whoever attacks me  . &&  I am well armed .	and can say I am as brave as any one .	as brave as	I	one

3103	Formerly , O mighty sultan  . &&  was a schoolmaster , and had under my tuition nearly seventy scholars .	of whose manners I was as careful as of their learning .	as careful as	I	learning

3104	percent in villages  . &&  despite the fact , he commented .	that the rural population was three times as large as that of the cities .	as large as	population	that

3105	In America  . &&  under a republican form of government .	he was as good as any man , provided only he were worthy .	as good as	he	man

3106	The method and discipline  . &&  if I may so say , in the movements of the iconoclasts .	were as extraordinary as their celerity .	as extraordinary as	method	celerity

3107	The haughty soldier  . &&  in his contempt for the peaceful habits of a burgher population .	comprehended as little as his master the true character of the men of the Netherlands .	as little as	soldier	master

3108	They were a bad people  . &&  and , perhaps .	she had been as bad as the rest .	as bad as	she	rest

3109	eyed , sunny itself , and bringing sunshine wherever it comes  . &&  because it is inspired by the gracious spirit of God , and delights to show kindness for kindness ' sake , and to make happy for happiness ' sake , taking no merit to itself for doing that .	which is as instinctive as its very breath .	as instinctive as	that	breath

3110	For so only will he come to the day 's end in that wholesome and manful temper , contented if not cheerful , satisfied with the work he has had to do , if not satisfied with the way in which he has done it  . &&  which will leave his mind free to remember all his comforts , all his blessings , even to those commonest of all blessings , which we are all too apt to forget .	just because they are as necessary as the air we breathe .	as necessary as	they	air

3111	But it did n't pay a bit of attention  . &&  butted at them so fierce when they came near they were afraid .	for he was as tall as a calf , and whoever saw a pig as big as that .	as tall as	he	that

3112	This does , it is true  . &&  suppose a hundred thousand persons , at least , in that village .	but should the doctor forget that the Lord had promised Abraham that his posterity should be as numerous as the sands of the sea .	as numerous as	posterity	sands

3113	But when  . &&  one easterly afternoon .	the air being as heavy as the clods of the grave , she lay gasping for life for three hours alone , not able to reach a bell or call for help , she sent for Dr.	as heavy as	air	clods

3114	I rode out upon it when the Buttes  . &&  in their delusive nearness .	were as blue as the gates of amethyst , and the morning was as fair as one great pearl .	as blue as	Buttes	pearl

3115	All her skin  . &&  though dark .	was as clear as wine in a colored glass .	as clear as	skin	wine

3116	and we were delighted when  . &&  in our early acquaintance , we discovered that we each loved the same spot .	which is indeed as romantic as any that ever captivated the fancy of an artist .	as romantic as	spot	any

3117	Why do we stop here  . &&  ' roared the captain .	' when it is as dark as Egypt .	as dark as	it	Egypt

3118	After all these years  . &&  and after the fir tree had lived three hundred and eighty years , the sections of the Big Tree still lay upon the ground .	apparently as sound as the day the tree fell .	as sound as	tree	day

3119	famed Estes Park region  . &&  even the dullest traveler is thrilled with the first glimpse .	and those who frequently behold it find the scene as welcome as a favorite old song .	as welcome as	it	song

3120	And there was seventy thousand pounds a year  . &&  and there was Ann .	who looked as soft as a baby .	as soft as	who	baby

3121	But whatever she does  . &&  is right .	and this is as right as everything else .	as right as	this	everything

3122	since the return to virtue of a woman , whose foot has already left some tracks upon the sweet and gilded sand which mark the pathway of vice  . &&  is the most difficult to bring about of all denouements , and since genius neither knows it nor teaches it .	the practitioner in conjugal laws feels compelled to confess at the outset that he is incapable of reducing to definite principles a science which is as changeable as circumstances , as delusive as opportunity , and as indefinable as instinct .	as changeable as	science	instinct

3123	Now , if the perpendicular ascent of the weight  . &&  and the space through which he advances , be compared , he will find .	that the space through which he has passed will be five times as great as that through which the weight has ascended .	as great as	space	that

3124	Many reprobate the use of wine  . &&  I know , but that is an extreme way to look at it .	for it is as old as man , and so not to be criticised as if the fashion were new .	as old as	it	man

3125	Saying which  . &&  he took one of the logs we had displaced .	and with it drove a hole through the roof as big as a barrel .	as big as	it	barrel

3126	now on what she  . &&  whose nature , he was sure .	was as perfect as her face , would think of him , if she knew .	as perfect as	she	face

3127	Nevertheless his very first victory  . &&  the battle of Agincourt .	was as brilliant as that of Cr .	as brilliant as	victory	that

3128	There were many cities , like Nuremberg  . &&  Augsburg , Frankfort , and Cologne .	which were just as independent as the great duchies of Bavaria , W.	as independent as	Nuremberg	duchies

3129	persons whose outbreaks of temper  . &&  or of wounded feeling still worse than temper .	were as incalculable as meteoric showers .	as incalculable as	outbreaks	showers

3130	III The man sat for a long time looking at the pale , shining face  . &&  at the blue veins showing painfully dark on the temples and forehead , at the firm little white hand .	which was as brown as a butternut a few weeks before .	as brown as	which	butternut

3131	To look over the wide extent of country with its sparse population  . &&  its scattered plantations , its remote towns .	and talk of pursuing prisoners would seem as idle as searching for needles in a haystack .	as idle as	plantations	searching

3132	four years  . &&  with a great many events in them , had enlarged the maiden mind .	which still was as fresh as a child .	as fresh as	mind	child

3133	She studied hard  . &&  but her brains , in mathematics at least .	were n't as good as her voice , and the time was short .	as good as	brains	voice

3134	In the middle of the garden  . &&  where the shadow of the poplars did not fall .	it was almost as bright as day .	as bright as	it	day

3135	It imagined that a people  . &&  whose daily sport was carping criticism of their public officials .	whose army was hardly as large as a policeman .	as large as	officials	policeman

3136	But I am afraid Captain Padduci  . &&  whom we are now going to see .	will prove as disappointing as the rest .	as disappointing as	Padduci	rest

3137	Glegg rather warmly  . &&  for , though a kind man .	he was not as meek as Moses .	as meek as	he	Moses

3138	In fact her knowledge of  . &&  and sympathy with .	animals was as remarkable as that which she showed for human nature .	as remarkable as	animals	that

3139	In power and violence  . &&  however .	they are as destructive as the cyclones .	as destructive as	they	cyclones

3140	sir , ' sighed Peter  . &&  ' when I still carried about with me the cold stony heart , I never wept .	my eyes were as dry as the ground in July .	as dry as	eyes	ground

3141	If it were not that I lay up a little provision in summer  . &&  like the ant .	I should be as ignorant as all the people I live with .	as ignorant as	I	people

3142	The blaze of lights , the richness and variety of habits , the ceremonial  . &&  the benches of peers , and peeresses , frequent and full .	was as awful as a pageant can be .	as awful as	blaze	pageant

3143	Your daughter Richmond  . &&  Lady Kildare .	and Lady Pembroke were as handsome as the Graces .	as handsome as	daughter	Graces

3144	and yet  . &&  though they are to rebound again to you .	they will be as fresh as any you can have at Greatworth .	as fresh as	they	any

3145	The fever  . &&  the tyrant 's first minister .	has been as vexatious as his master , and makes use of this hot day to plague me more .	as vexatious as	fever	master

3146	to carry this  . &&  have been of great comfort to me , and have brought their delightful little daughter .	who is as quick as Ariel .	as quick as	daughter	Ariel

3147	O'Driscoll and I would have been right glad of an excuse to remain at New York  . &&  but we had not even sprung a spar .	and our craft were as tight as bottles , and our crews did not want a single dose of physic among them , so we were obliged to put to sea again that evening .	as tight as	craft	bottles

3148	The residence hired by the midshipmen was even smaller and in a more dilapidated condition than ours  . &&  and from the smallness of their allowance .	considering that their appetites were fully as good as ours , they were truly very badly off , poor fellows .	as good as	appetites	ours

3149	The name is curious  . &&  for pills in the East , unless introduced by Europeans .	are as rare as snakes in Iceland .	as rare as	introduced	snakes

3150	Just then he caught my eye  . &&  his countenance changed .	and he looked as foolish as a boy found out in some peccadillo , but the next instant he scowled at me , and his fierce dark eyes said as plainly as if they spoke .	as foolish as	he	plainly

3151	Lieutenant , Mr Schank  . &&  who , in spite of having a wooden leg .	was as active as any man on board , having gone aloft himself to take a look at her , came to the opinion that she was a brig of war .	as active as	Lieutenant	man

3152	This man , too  . &&  held a revolver in his hand , and , criminal or not .	his face was as resolute as Pupkin 's own .	as resolute as	face	own

3153	His name may be Smith  . &&  he may have come out of New England itself .	and his little house there beside the track is probably as neat as yours or mine .	as neat as	house	yours

3154	When she takes us in hand  . &&  you see .	she turns us out as fresh as roses and smelling quite as sweet .	as fresh as	she	roses

3155	Under the shelter of anarchy and impunity  . &&  every vice flourished .	and men became as wild as the country .	as wild as	men	country

3156	and it must be generally conceded  . &&  that if the king was as bold and intrepid as Tyrconnell .	the usurpation of William would have been as abortive as that of Monmouth .	as abortive as	usurpation	that

3157	As you wisely remark  . &&  a young lady is a sealed book to me .	but I have always been told that their fancies are as variable as the shadow of the bamboo .	as variable as	fancies	shadow

3158	At least  . &&  every girl has the idea , sometimes .	that if men only saw the whole truth they 'd think her as nice as any other girl , and really nicer than most others .	as nice as	they	girl

3159	groomed man  . &&  whose beard was only slightly tinged with grey .	whose figure was as erect as a well .	as erect as	figure	well

3160	A supreme crisis undid them  . &&  cast them into the arms of one another .	as weak as children .	as weak as	crisis	children

3161	The aspirations  . &&  dreams , devotions .	and sacrifices of men are as real as their response to self .	as real as	aspirations	response

3162	When one has learned how to roll over on the right side  . &&  rolling on the left side should be practised .	until that movement becomes as easy as the other one .	as easy as	movement	one

3163	The Pursuit of Learning When the Pursuit of Learning comes to mean the pursuit of learning by the child instead of the pursuit of the child by Learning  . &&  cane in hand , the danger will be precocity of the intellect .	which is just as undesirable as precocity of the emotions .	as undesirable as	intellect	precocity

3164	But I have never seen any boy with nearly so attractive and charming a face  . &&  and Legs .	whose nature is quite as nice as his face , and extremely like it , has the most splendid time .	as nice as	Legs	face

3165	These insignificant facts I published in another place  . &&  and since then I have received every winter mysterious letters from Grindelwald .	showing that other people are as absurd as myself .	as absurd as	people	myself

3166	always realising that the war must end some time  . &&  that Germany must once more begin to manufacture .	and that competition would be as severe as ever in less than a decade .	as severe as	competition	ever

3167	It was the proud but very proper boast of a Mayor of Mallingham that although he had been proprietor of a provision business in the very centre of the town for over forty years  . &&  and had worn the chain for two consecutive terms .	he was still just as approachable as any man in the kingdom .	as approachable as	he	man

3168	she stood and looked me straight in the eye  . &&  and with both hands held on to a mastiff .	that to me looked as big as an ox .	as big as	that	ox

3169	I ca n't afford it  . &&  for it takes money to gamble .	and I 'm not as rich as old Hammond yet .	as rich as	I	Hammond

3170	is an inheritance  . &&  and the solitary thinker of Aben Tofail , the Arab philosopher of Guadix .	is as absurd as the ego of Descartes .	as absurd as	inheritance	ego

3171	The empty right sleeve was the more pathetic when I saw him mixing his flour for a damper  . &&  and in the cunning twists and wriggling by which the fingers freed each other of the sticky dough and other dextrous manipulations .	I soon came to recognise that with his left hand he was as deft as many men with their right and left .	as deft as	he	men

3172	Immediately she alights the anterior legs are extended  . &&  the head is depressed between the thighs .	and the legs which are at liberty become as rigid as twigs .	as rigid as	legs	twigs

3173	I am afraid  . &&  very much afraid .	that to many a fair young reader these celebrated characters will be as good as manuscript .	as good as	characters	manuscript

3174	Did not she keep every thing in order for his comings and goings  . &&  which , with Edmund Thornley .	were as regular as the clock on the mantle .	as regular as	comings	clock

3175	considerably on his favourite theme  . &&  which .	if the spelling and punctuation had been as good as the language , would have been a fine performance .	as good as	spelling	language

3176	said Joe , proudly enough  . &&  marching off , while the big sled .	with Davie sitting upon it as happy as a king , came sliding along behind .	as happy as	Davie	king

3177	Then the Parson might preach  . &&  and drink , and sing .	And we 'd be as happy as birds in the spring .	as happy as	we	birds

3178	His pinions drooped  . &&  he could hardly stand .	His head was as bald as the palm of your hand .	as bald as	head	palm

3179	Or else  . &&  when the pain would sharper grow .	His notes were as keen as a Zuffolo .	as keen as	notes	Zuffolo

3180	in anthracite and hard bituminous coals  . &&  but considerably less in lignites .	which are nearly as soft as rotten wood .	as soft as	lignites	wood

3181	At the conclusion of many festivities  . &&  the chance acquaintance murmured his address .	but Dan comprehended the unwisdom of a sunrise return of so flaccid a young gentleman into a house as formidable as the McMillans .	as formidable as	Dan	McMillans

3182	the grave , lean , demure  . &&  elderly woman , who , I daresay .	was quite as good as her neighbours .	as good as	I	neighbours

3183	From ordinary superstition he was  . &&  indeed .	quite as free as any man of his age or epoch .	as free as	he	man

3184	but I know that he is almost  . &&  if not quite .	as old as papa .	as old as	he	papa

3185	Not that I was without sentiment  . &&  for truth to tell .	I was as sentimental as any , and let me tell you , Sir , one girl of eighteen has more sentiment in her composition than all of the old men in the world .	as sentimental as	I	any

3186	us ourselves  . &&  make us to be different from our sisters and our brothers .	and without which all the offspring of the same parents would be as like as so many peas in a pod .	as like as	offspring	peas

3187	Morrel was not less delighted  . &&  but , at the same time .	he could not feel as confident as his friend of the Jew 's ability to perform his promise .	as confident as	he	friend

3188	In certain species in the genus Gomphus the males are equally numerous  . &&  whilst in two other species .	the females are twice or thrice as numerous as the males .	as numerous as	females	males

3189	I served in the army  . &&  in the artillery .	before I fell as low as this , and what a fine young chap I was .	as low as	I	this

3190	with a longish face , narrowing from the forehead downward  . &&  very distinctly outlined , the nose a little curved .	the mouth still as delicate as a boy 's .	as delicate as	mouth	boy

3191	throated orchestration and the night song of whippoorwills  . &&  held the world in a bated stillness .	and the walnut tree stood as unstirring as some age .	as unstirring as	tree	age

3192	All the Sunbeams looked bright  . &&  and hot .	but she looked as cool as the sea .	as cool as	she	sea

3193	When they met in direct conflict at close quarters  . &&  therefore .	the fighting was as obstinate as any that had yet occurred on any field since the beginning of the war .	as obstinate as	fighting	any

3194	Youth and health can withstand almost anything  . &&  and so in the morning , after a night between warm blankets .	the lads were as fit as ever for their day .	as fit as	lads	ever

3195	s the grandest kind of hunting  . &&  right in the edge of great breakers that are dashing their spray all over you .	and they look as big as elephants .	as big as	they	elephants

3196	what can be your objection to your lady 's going to a place which  . &&  I will venture to say .	is as reputable as any about town , and which is frequented by the best company .	as reputable as	place	any

3197	He committed the whole charge of his house to my care  . &&  and gave me the name of his little housekeeper .	an appellation of which I was then as proud as any minister of state can be of his titles .	as proud as	appellation	minister

3198	In fact  . &&  if the Cretans had been well armed and provided with good ammunition , the campaign would probably have ended there and then .	and Kakopetra become as famous as Askypho in the great insurrection , when the same Mustapha , in .	as famous as	Kakopetra	Askypho

3199	In fact  . &&  the man 's eyes , the safest signal of the brain .	were as dear as those of the young persons who so eagerly watched his every move .	as dear as	eyes	those

3200	The bee  . &&  therefore , in preparing the pellet .	which was nearly as large as a garden .	as large as	pellet	garden

3201	The patient bee works her rings from the circumference to the centre  . &&  and she produces a shelf , united with such care with her natural glue .	that a number of fragments are as solid as one piece .	as solid as	number	piece

3202	but the materials are considerably coarser  . &&  and the columns to which the platforms of cells are suspended are larger and stronger .	the middle one being twice as thick as any of the others .	as thick as	one	any

3203	Maline soon discovered  . &&  to his chagrin .	that his horse was not as good as Ernanton 's , and could hardly keep pace with him .	as good as	horse	Ernanton

3204	Here I used to see this girl lying in the sun , her dark chestnut hair loosed and scattered on the sward  . &&  her arms stretched out , her eyes nearly closed , basking in the sun .	as happy as some heat .	as happy as	hair	heat

3205	Persons of fashion  . &&  these latter , at whom the country misses .	whose style was as ancient as their lineage , stared agape .	as ancient as	style	lineage

3206	in disgust  . &&  and I am glad to see that .	though your mind may be as sensitive as that of any other person , you remain firm .	as sensitive as	mind	that

3207	Back in Dawson  . &&  though he remained true to his word and never touched hand to pick and shovel .	he worked as hard as ever in his life .	as hard as	he	ever

3208	But it does not satisfy a rational investigator  . &&  to say nothing of your born critic .	who will go on splitting hairs till his head is as bare as a plate , and then borrow materials from his neighbor 's cranium .	as bare as	head	plate

3209	Lacking humor himself  . &&  and brilliant without wit , he could recognise these qualities in others .	and he thought them as valid as his own weapons against the dogmas of superstition .	as valid as	he	weapons

3210	lived fish which was once , like the peacock  . &&  an old English delicacy with which monastic fishponds swarmed , runs to a great size about Teddington Weir .	while dace are almost as plentiful as minnows in a brook .	as plentiful as	dace	minnows

3211	Perhaps the greater harmony between them  . &&  which had induced and enabled her to obtain that consent from him .	was as precarious as the compromise itself .	as precarious as	harmony	compromise

3212	Night 's figure  . &&  which was half visible through her long black veils .	was as beautiful as that of a Greek statue .	as beautiful as	figure	that

3213	The Boers have done their worst to crack this hard nut  . &&  and we 've kept them at bay .	which is almost as good as a victory .	as good as	which	victory

3214	Your theory  . &&  my dear boy .	is as correct as mine .	as correct as	theory	mine

3215	we all thought she was on her last legs , but  . &&  bless you sir , she can still stump about the camp in a tremblin ' sort o ' way .	an ' her peepers are every bit as black as those of my own Brighteyes , an ' they twinkle a deal more .	as black as	peepers	those

3216	As the girls drew near , chatting in low  . &&  soft , musical tones .	the two men lay as motionless as fallen trees .	as motionless as	the two men	fallen trees

3217	and a good many on German slang  . &&  but American slang .	which is probably quite as rich as that of France and a good deal richer than that of any other country , is yet to be studied at length .	as rich as	which	that

3218	The height , the blackness  . &&  the dismal void , before my eyes .	seemed as familiar as the decorous neatness of my grandmother 's kitchen .	as familiar as	height	neatness

3219	The dark rocks  . &&  when his pickaxe laid their sides open .	were as inanimate as the damp masses of ore .	as inanimate as	rocks	masses

3220	In his extremity  . &&  he had put upon Braden the task of performing a miracle , knowing full well that its accomplishment was impossible .	that failure was as inevitable as death itself .	as inevitable as	failure	death

3221	and Kensington  . &&  especially , in a summer afternoon .	has seemed to me as delightful as any place can or ought to be , in a world which , some time or other , we must quit .	as delightful as	Kensington	place

3222	Zealander of distant ages shall have moralized sufficiently among the ruins of London Bridge  . &&  he will bethink himself that somewhere thereabout was the marvelous Tunnel .	the very existence of which will seem to him as incredible as that of the hanging gardens of Babylon .	as incredible as	existence	that

3223	SELF MASTERY THROUGH CONSCIOUS AUTOSUGGESTION Suggestion  . &&  or rather Autosuggestion , is quite a new subject .	and yet at the same time it is as old as the world .	as old as	it	world

3224	Nevertheless the isolation of the individual is  . &&  in a sense .	just as complete as that of the individual Bunting , for each one is just as vigilant in resisting intrusion upon its few square feet as the Bunting is in guarding its many square yards , so that the evidence seems to show that that part of the inherited nature which is the basis of the territory is much the same in both species .	as complete as	isolation	that

3225	Any little shyness that change of circumstance may have made  . &&  and indeed must have made at first , is quite over .	and we are as comfortable as ever , which is satisfactory , considering that I love nothing in the world so well as her .	as comfortable as	we	her

3226	but I think that there now exists a feeling that literature can herself  . &&  for herself .	produce a rank as effective as any that a Queen 's minister can bestow .	as effective as	herself	any

3227	Need I mention to you a Scott  . &&  that fertile and fascinating writer .	the vegetation of whose mind is as rapid as that of a northern summer , and as rich as the most golden harvests of the south , whose beautiful creations succeed each other like fruits in Armida 's enchanted garden .	as rapid as	vegetation	harvests

3228	And here the subdivisions  . &&  if we attempt to classify .	must be almost as numerous as the representatives themselves .	as numerous as	subdivisions	representatives

3229	S MAGIC WHISTLE The wind howled  . &&  and the lightning popped and cracked .	and everything grew as black as ink .	as black as	everything	ink

3230	It only seats two  . &&  you know .	but its engine is quite as powerful as either of theirs .	as powerful as	engine	either

3231	When men of business become dependent on borrowing  . &&  to meet their engagements .	the daily supply becomes as necessary as daily food .	as necessary as	supply	food

3232	get messy with it . get the whole face involved . yum . && like a bulldog eating a jar of mayonnaise .	nonono . you start like a butterfly landing on a rose petal . you finish like a bulldog eating a jar of mayo	start like	you	a butterfly landing on a rose petal

3233	In fact  . &&  there was not left one vestige of kingly authority .	and Carlovingian rulers were almost as insignificant as their Merovingian predecessors .	as insignificant as	rulers	predecessors

3234	boxes and stalls  . &&  That money 's the one thing in marriage .	And cheques are as common as calls .	as common as	cheques	calls

3235	Then the old keepers of the Sea Must be  . &&  in pluck .	as dead as muttons .	as dead as	keepers	muttons

3236	and he  . &&  throwing her petticoats over her face .	which was now as red as scarlet , discovered a pair of stout , plump , substantial thighs , and tolerably white .	as red as	face	scarlet

3237	Here Hasdrubal , son of Gisgo , the greatest and most renowned general concerned in the war , next to the Barcine family  . &&  returning from Gades , and encouraged in his hopes of reviving the war by Mago , son of Hamilcar , by means of levies made throughout the Farther Spain .	armed as many as fifty thousand foot and four thousand five hundred horse .	as many as	Hasdrubal	foot

3238	And now  . &&  mother , I want some supper .	for I am as hungry as a hunter .	as hungry as	I	hunter

3239	The little poem  . &&  ' A Thought .	' is as perfect as a mere simile in verse could be .	as perfect as	poem	simile

3240	THE POLICEMAN 'S LOT When a felon 's not engaged in his employment  . &&  Or maturing his felonious little plans .	His capacity for innocent enjoyment Is just as great as any honest man 's .	as great as	capacity	man

3241	But this you ca n't stand  . &&  so you throw up your hand .	and you find you 're as cold as an icicle , In your shirt and your socks .	as cold as	you	icicle

3242	The lady 's foot  . &&  you see .	being almost as light as her heart , had done it no serious injury .	as light as	foot	heart

3243	He was ill at ease  . &&  too , and cast distrustful glances from time to time at his sister .	whose manner was as brilliant as her appearance , and who seemed to have cast aside the depression which she had shown during the early part of the day .	as brilliant as	sister	appearance

3244	Near the crest  . &&  the road wound round the shoulder of an immense bowlder .	which was fully as large as a small cottage .	as large as	bowlder	cottage

3245	guarded by men with whistles  . &&  in spite of which the place is littered with paper .	this park is as neat as a private garden .	as neat as	park	garden

3246	All these isles are girt by white encircling reefs , which  . &&  standing out at some distance from the shore , forms a natural harbour , so that when a vessel has once entered .	it is as secure as in an artificial dock .	as secure as	it	dock

3247	Eiulo remembered hearing his father speak of big canoes  . &&  without any outriggers .	and whose masts were as high as a cocoa .	as high as	masts	cocoa

3248	The ranchers  . &&  however , usually reached the latter by canoe .	because the trail was as bad as most of the others are in that country .	as bad as	trail	most

3249	None the less on this account should we be willing to weigh the contributions which he made to the stock of science and social speculation , and recognise the fine elevation of his sentiments  . &&  his noble solicitude for human wellbeing , his eager and resolute belief in its indefinite expansion .	and the devotion which sealed his faith by a destiny that was as tragical as any in those bloody and most tragical days .	as tragical as	destiny	any

3250	vast countries which lie between the plains of the Missouri and Cape Horn  . &&  countries which , a century hence .	may not improbably contain a population as large as that which now inhabits Europe .	as large as	century	that

3251	and when the sun was beginning to glow behind the fringe of the pines that bounded the western hill  . &&  or about twenty minutes before it actually set .	the ark was nearly as low as the point where Hutter and Hurry had been made prisoners .	as low as	ark	point

3252	What might have been the issue of this severe personal struggle can not be known  . &&  for half a dozen savages came leaping into the water to the aid of their friend , and Deerslayer yielded himself a prisoner .	with a dignity that was as remarkable as his self .	as remarkable as	dignity	self

3253	Each is good in its way  . &&  and the last is very good .	when one has been in a spring as cold as the Glimmerglass .	as cold as	one	Glimmerglass

3254	You are no longer alone in life , for though you have the lodges to change  . &&  and other ceremonies to go through , afore Hist becomes your lawful wife .	yet are you as good as married in all that bears on the feelin 's , and joy , and misery .	as good as	you	married

3255	She 's a noble gal  . &&  for all her little feet , and hands that a n't bigger than a child 's .	and a voice that is as pleasant as a mocker 's .	as pleasant as	voice	mocker

3256	Under such circumstances  . &&  all waited for the visitor to explain her object .	which to most of the spectators seemed as inexplicable as her appearance .	as inexplicable as	most	appearance

3257	All this was done in profound silence  . &&  Judith watching every movement with breathless expectation .	while Deerslayer himself stood seemingly as unmoved as one of the pines of the hills .	as unmoved as	Deerslayer	one

3258	Wrapped in a single blanket  . &&  in my cushioned wheel chair .	I was as comfortable as a man with a half dozen or so newly knit bones could feel if he sat perfectly still and did not exhaust his energies by worrying over the slow ups and the rapid downs of life , as one who had dropped five stories into the depths of solitude might , if not careful to turn to the saving grace of his philosophy and political economy .	as comfortable as	I	one

3259	Gabrielle would say  . &&  turning to the poor fellow .	who was as meek as any beggar could be .	as meek as	who	beggar

3260	Give me some tea  . &&  aunt .	and I 'm as hungry as a hunter .	as hungry as	I	hunter

3261	Pickett discredits the accounts of this affair which were given by persons who were present at its occurrence  . &&  but they have been accepted by so many writers of repute , including Eaton and Meek .	whose opportunities for learning the truth were as good as his , that Mr.	as good as	Eaton	his

3262	Shortly after daylight , however  . &&  he fell into a refreshing slumber , and when he awoke two hours later his sickness was all gone .	and he was as hungry as a wolf .	as hungry as	he	wolf

3263	There was a touch of something in the tone of this reply that amused the school  . &&  and that made the master look up quickly and suspiciously at Jack Dudley .	but the expression on Jack 's face was as innocent as that of a cat who has just lapped the cream off the milk .	as innocent as	expression	that

3264	With this  . &&  he dismissed the school .	and the boys went out as angry as a hive of bees that have been disturbed .	as angry as	boys	hive

3265	the blending of harmony between shirt  . &&  tie .	and socks is as perfect as the rainbow .	as perfect as	blending	rainbow

3266	had followed the boar  . &&  and were now leaping upon his body in the vain effort to tear the bristles .	which were almost as impenetrable as iron .	as impenetrable as	which	iron

3267	house decoy  . &&  a kissing convenience .	that your lips were as common as the stairs .	as common as	lips	stairs

3268	it soon performed the functions of a filtering machine  . &&  and with equal effect , though less force .	was to the full as unserviceable as the blanket .	as unserviceable as	force	blanket

3269	and when they told me the name of their village  . &&  near which I had shot before .	I was convinced that my knowledge of the country by night was not quite as perfect as in broad day .	as perfect as	knowledge	day

3270	That is no matter  . &&  for .	if he saw as clear as ever , he could see nothing there .	as clear as	he	ever

3271	Anything you please  . &&  my handsome lady , provided there 's money at the end of what you mean to propose .	and then we shall be as right as my fingers .	as right as	we	fingers

3272	Patriotism in his breast  . &&  whether the patriotism of a born Spaniard or the patriotism of an Italian potentate .	was as dead as Christianity .	as dead as	patriotism	Christianity

3273	The Teutonic races  . &&  in their barbarous state , two thousand years ago .	possessed brains as large as now , and so with other races .	as large as	races	now

3274	The protests of the Queen  . &&  however .	were as ineffectual as the official remonstrances of Bulwer at Madrid and of Normanby in Paris .	as ineffectual as	protests	remonstrances

3275	And so he had been left alone in the world  . &&  his very birth a misfortune .	as poor as a sparrow and endowed by Providence with a green face and dog 's ears by way of personal recommendations .	as poor as	his	sparrow

3276	An old , infirm  . &&  yet good , sociable negro met us at the gate , and told us that there was another road to the Mount .	but that it was not as good as the one we came over , and also that there was a private road , which was not as good as either of the others .	as good as	it	either

3277	I find you are a Flint  . &&  that strikes fire , and sets my soul in a blaze .	though your heart is as cold as marble .	as cold as	heart	marble

3278	they used to smoke together  . &&  and the jolly times they passed were never recorded , for there were no newspapers in those dark ages .	and the people were as ignorant as crows .	as ignorant as	people	crows

3279	A good old dunstable doctor here in London  . &&  should be the formost of them .	that saide his wife was as good as our Ladie .	as good as	wife	Ladie

3280	Rockley was ready to endorse his bill  . &&  which , with his credit at the Bank of New Holland .	was as good as cash .	as good as	bill	cash

3281	He may be kind when he pleases  . &&  I do not deny it .	but he is as hard as a stone .	as hard as	he	stone

3282	By all this  . &&  you will learn that grandmother has got rid of her croaking , and that grandfather is in good health .	and that both of us are as tranquil as that bald old fellow , called Time , will let us be .	as tranquil as	both	fellow

3283	The eyes  . &&  unutterably sad for one instant , turned suddenly to savage hate .	the mouth was as cruel as death , the eyes grew baleful , like the eyes of a snake that is being whipped to death .	as cruel as	mouth	death

3284	Do not fear  . &&  dear child .	I shall hold as sacred as my faith in God , anything that you tell me .	as sacred as	I	faith

3285	in short  . &&  he is a moving library that may always be consulted with profit .	and his memory is as accurate as an index in rendering its precious stores available .	as accurate as	memory	index

3286	It would have furnished a fine subject for a painter to see this beautiful woman  . &&  still in the zenith of her youth and charms , walking between these two noble boys .	whose personal beauty is as remarkable as that of their parents , as she accompanied them to the college .	as remarkable as	boys	that

3287	As Sophia had said  . &&  the wind had ceased .	and the air hung as heavy as a pall over the mountain .	as heavy as	air	pall

3288	She was a huge  . &&  humpbacked monster .	with a gigantic square head that looked as solid as the prow of a battleship .	as solid as	that	prow

3289	That same night  . &&  whilst Mirelle was writing to John Herring , Orange wrote to Trecarrel .	but her letter was not as brief as that of Mirelle .	as brief as	letter	that

3290	The chin  . &&  throat , cheeks .	and breast are as white as snow .	as white as	chin	snow

3291	During the preceding summer , George Rogers Clark  . &&  an aggressive young Virginian , with a small party .	had descended the Ohio as low as Fish Creek , where he built a cabin .	as low as	Clark	Creek

3292	day to take down these words from the mouth of a Delaware Indian  . &&  each writing them in the orthography of his own tongue .	the variations would be as numerous as in the above list , except , perhaps , the ancient and now disused .	as numerous as	variations	list

3293	and yet  . &&  notwithstanding all Napoleon 's arguments .	it seemed impossible for him to comprehend why he should not be as independent as the King of Spain , as Napoleon was in the sovereignty of France .	as independent as	he	King

3294	on this was placed a throne , beneath a canopy of yellow velvet  . &&  and here Otto was seated dressed in a crimson doublet , and wearing a hat half red and half black , from which depended plumes of red and black feathers that hung down nearly to his beard .	which was as venerable as a Jew 's .	as venerable as	beard	Jew

3295	When his Highness ceased  . &&  Fabianus took the bride by the hand .	who blushed as red as a rose , and led her up in the same manner to the nuptial couch , where he uttered a long admonition on her duties to her husband , at which all wept , but particularly the bride .	as red as	who	rose

3296	Then she took a rifle herself  . &&  and brought down several head , which was easily accomplished .	when they passed upon each other as thick as sheep .	as thick as	they	sheep

3297	Duke Barnim now began to complain of hunger  . &&  and asked her Grace where she meant to serve them a collation , for he could never hold out until they reached Wolgast .	and his friend Otto also was growing as ravenous as a wolf .	as ravenous as	friend	wolf

3298	That the Prince had given him a thousand gulden for his services  . &&  and a promise of a rich living when he succeeded to the government .	so that in future she could live as grand as an abbess , and have what beautiful horses she chose from the ducal stables .	as grand as	she	abbess

3299	After the hunt they came to another fishery  . &&  and so on till they reached Uckermund , passing six fisheries in succession .	whereof each draught was as large as the first , so that his Grace the Elector marvelled much at the abundance , and seeing the nets full of zannats at the last halting .	as large as	draught	first

3300	Thus , when The wily Boiar  . &&  by his fawning arts , Had coiled himself into the people 's favor .	His wishes soared as high as to the throne .	as high as	wishes	throne

3301	After hearing this I declined riding this pony  . &&  though Miss Martin pressed me much .	and assured me he was as quiet as a lamb .	as quiet as	he	lamb

3302	I have no domestic occurrence to tell you , except that a robin , who for several seasons has frequented this house , and Lucy 's room particularly  . &&  has this spring grown so familiar , that he began to build his nest in Lucy 's old bonnet , laid a great heap of leaves in it , which we used to see him bringing in his bill .	the leaves often as large as his body .	as large as	leaves	body

3303	The sea behind us curved into the land in three great scallops  . &&  separated by acuminate promontories .	whose terminal bluffs of sand were as yellow as gold .	as yellow as	promontories	gold

3304	The superior fighting ability and tactical skill of Cornwallis  . &&  Rawdon , Stuart .	and Tarleton were as obvious as the courage and steadiness of their troops .	as obvious as	ability	courage

3305	KEEPING DOWN THE PRICE What might happen without this Sugar Equalization Board is illustrated by the Civil War  . &&  when sugar , because of speculation .	went as high as thirty .	as high as	sugar	thirty

3306	March had come  . &&  the sun shone brightly .	the air was as warm as in May , and I had carried the mother and daughter some violets which I had gathered myself .	as warm as	air	May

3307	They had so many puddin 's  . &&  sallids , sandwidges an ' pies .	That a feller wisht his stummick was as hungry as his eyes .	as hungry as	stummick	eyes

3308	If those cobwebs have been spun round the neck by thinner legs than your fingers  . &&  landlord .	the wine would be as sour as cider , or of an immortal quality .	as sour as	wine	cider

3309	Take away their cloaks  . &&  and stick a tail through their satin breeches .	and you have got the beast as perfect as at a puppet .	as perfect as	you	puppet

3310	yet no one can inflict a real and serious injury upon another without feeling a certain degree of regret  . &&  if not remorse .	unless his heart be as hard as adamant .	as hard as	heart	adamant

3311	so that  . &&  by the time we arrive .	they will be as brisk as larks , and the horses , if they have got drunk , likewise .	as brisk as	they	larks

3312	for we thought it but reasonable , since they sided with these who put our lives and our lands for ever to sale  . &&  for the defence of our church and country , to employ for that cause .	wherein their interest was as great as ours if they would be Scotsmen , a part of their rent for one year .	as great as	interest	ours

3313	Always here , yesterday  . &&  when we were at the very end of it , the Independents brought us so doubtful a disputation , that we were in very great fear all should be cast in the hows .	and that their opposition to the whole directory should be as great as to the government .	as great as	opposition	government

3314	occipital nerves to every variety of wind  . &&  to perceive that , were this sort of influence very potent in itself .	male neuralgic patients should swarm as thick as bees in our hospital and dispensary out .	as thick as	patients	bees

3315	The first quality that must be absolutely required in a battery  . &&  that is to be used for this purpose .	is that it shall deliver its current with as little as possible variation of tension , in fact that it shall be constant , and not merely continuous .	as little as	it	variation

3316	McGawley and the barkeeper took a hand  . &&  the former hurling a spittoon that cracked a fellow 's head open and sent the blood spurting .	while the latter brought a bottle on a raftsman 's skull that raised a welt as big as a cocoanut .	as big as	that	cocoanut

3317	When the boat landed I started off  . &&  and there stood the old fellow .	just as natural as life .	as natural as	fellow	life

3318	A few of the others did the same thing  . &&  but the balance started , and some of them were so drunk that they could not see the road .	although it was as white as marble .	as white as	it	marble

3319	They are born contrary and skittish , and they ca n't help shying at fences and gates  . &&  but give 'em the spur and the whip , and over they go .	as happy as a lark .	as happy as	they	lark

3320	Our costume was fancy  . &&  and consisted of gauze turbans , spangled and edged with gold and silver .	on the right side of which a veil of the same hung as low as the waist , and the left side of the turban was enriched with pearls and tassels of gold or silver , crested with a feather .	as low as	veil	waist

3321	You shall go into that room  . &&  mark you .	and you shall be as mute as a mouse .	as mute as	you	mouse

3322	he answered  . &&  watching me with a placid amusement .	which made it as clear as the daylight , that he saw through my evasions .	as clear as	which	daylight

3323	she was also bent on being polite  . &&  and was almost effusive in her manner to Jill .	but Miss Erskine was as cold as the North polar region , and equally distant .	as cold as	Erskine	region

3324	This must , of course  . &&  have a ventilating pipe of its own , which , to be always effectual .	should be as large as the waste .	as large as	pipe	waste

3325	that paint  . &&  which makes no pretense of being anything but paint .	is as genuine as shellac or varnish , and that if the object is to be interesting , the bark , the knots , the worm .	as genuine as	paint	shellac

3326	room in the rear  . &&  space cunningly coaxed from the reluctant marble worker .	the mechanism of Nancy 's equipment was as perfect as lavish expenditure and scientific management could make it .	as perfect as	room	expenditure

3327	and some who have no pretensions and yet are poor all the same , and find the little , fresh  . &&  airy villa houses , with their small rooms and little gardens , a wonderful relief from London .	even from the suburbs which are almost as rural as Watcham .	as rural as	suburbs	Watcham

3328	There was nothing in it of that pretty gallantry , so charming from a son to a mother  . &&  of which Leo for years of his life had been an example , but a serious care of guidance and protection .	which was as different as night from day .	as different as	care	night

3329	Apart from all question of social advantage  . &&  her claim for help for her own sake , when she needs help to meet the difficulties special to herself .	is as valid as any other claim .	as valid as	claim	claim

3330	six hours  . &&  and did not know what was the matter with me .	and when it was born it was as black as a coal and took the doctor a long while to get life into it .	as black as	it	coal

3331	looking young woman  . &&  whose movements , despite her miserable rags .	were as graceful as those of a wild fawn , dashed through the jungle and appeared in the middle of the group which hemmed the boys in .	as graceful as	woman	those

3332	No sir  . &&  we use paper ordinarily .	of course we run wax over the paper in waxing the scion and then the paper is as good as cloth .	as good as	paper	cloth

3333	His face  . &&  not too ruddy at first .	was now as pale as ashes .	as pale as	face	ashes

3334	I feel sorry for that young girl , who perhaps will wake next day in that queer Bakst bedroom  . &&  and think of the partner who gave her the rose , not of the Rose itself .	who came to her as virginal as the thought which summoned him .	as virginal as	who	thought

3335	A big Frenchman  . &&  the boatswain of the ship , I fancy .	who was almost as big as Jonathan himself , now sprang ahead of his comrades to measure his strength with our champion .	as big as	who	Jonathan

3336	On seeing us they set up a terrific shout , in the hopes of frightening us away  . &&  but it was no go , and then they began to pepper us with their arrows .	which came as thick as hail about our ears .	as thick as	which	hail

3337	With his rough exterior  . &&  loud voice , and bravery .	his heart was as gentle as a woman 's .	as gentle as	heart	woman

3338	I exclaimed  . &&  ' so Arignotus , the sole mainstay of Truth .	is as bad as the rest of them , as full of windy imaginings .	as bad as	Arignotus	full

3339	Liza was waited upon by Nastia  . &&  who , although somewhat older .	was quite as giddy as her mistress .	as giddy as	Nastia	mistress

3340	and the people who can not see far  . &&  sometimes see more , and more truly .	than do other people whose vision is as keen as the eagle 's .	as keen as	people	eagle

3341	human tendencies  . &&  pass into the composition of the neighbors ' children .	some of whom may be as immortal as snake .	as immortal as	some	snake

3342	and I suppose  . &&  in the thieves ' catechism .	the provider is as bad as the thief .	as bad as	provider	thief

3343	but in the summer  . &&  when the doors and windows are open .	it is as large as anybody 's house .	as large as	it	house

3344	Within an hour of his arrival  . &&  he was stripped naked .	his head and face shaved as smooth as his hand , a ring of iron , with a long stake bowed like a sickle , riveted to his neck , and he was scantily clad in goat 's skin .	as smooth as	head	hand

3345	His company being dismayed , Smith restored their courage by a speech , and then  . &&  boldly charging the King with intent to murder him , he challenged him to a single combat on an island in the river , each to use his own arms .	but Smith to be as naked as the King .	as naked as	Smith	King

3346	The square was lively with carts , donkeys  . &&  and country people , and that and all the streets leading to it were filled with the women in black cloaks .	who flitted about as numerous as the rooks at Oxford , and very much like them , moving in a winged way , their cloaks outspread as they walked , and distended with the market .	as numerous as	who	rooks

3347	His latest opera , which has not yet been produced  . &&  is founded on the Niebelungen Lied , and will take three evenings in the representation .	which is almost as bad as a Chinese play .	as bad as	evenings	play

3348	On Saturday night we very slowly yielded to the influences of the holy time  . &&  which were settling down upon us .	and submitted to the ablutions which were as inevitable as Sunday .	as inevitable as	ablutions	Sunday

3349	And this boy , who was in training for public life  . &&  would do this sort of thing all the afternoon , and when the sun told him that he had spent long enough time cutting brush .	he would industriously go home as innocent as anybody .	as innocent as	he	anybody

3350	The company which his son commanded  . &&  wearing his father 's belt and sword .	was about as effective as the old company , and more orderly .	as effective as	company	company

3351	The ridge back of the house  . &&  planted in corn .	was as steep as the roof of his dwelling .	as steep as	back	roof

3352	she 'd only got one child  . &&  down to Greenville , just the prettiest boy ever was .	as white as anybody .	as white as	boy	anybody

3353	A great mass of it has been accumulated in the progress of mankind  . &&  and , fortunately for different wants and temperaments .	it is as varied as the various minds that produced it .	as varied as	it	minds

3354	There was massive eating done in those days , when the guests dined at eleven  . &&  rose from the banquet to go to evening prayers , and returned to a supper at five or six .	which was often as substantial as the dinner .	as substantial as	which	dinner

3355	What an inspiration  . &&  indeed , for all poor boys were the names of Hollowell and Henderson .	which were as familiar as the name of the President .	as familiar as	Hollowell	name

3356	But success , obsequiousness  . &&  applause , the love of women , the concurrent good opinion of all humanitarians .	are these not almost as dangerous as persecution .	as dangerous as	success	persecution

3357	No one , except perhaps his own family  . &&  had ever discovered that he had any sensibilities that could be appealed to , and , if he had known the ideas beginning to take shape in the mind of the millionaire heiress in regard to this fortune .	he would have approved or comprehended them as little as did her mother .	as little as	he	mother

3358	These assumptions  . &&  however , are absolutely inadmissible .	for as early as February .	as early as	assumptions	February

3359	Dressed in an old American uniform  . &&  his tunic dragged along the ground .	and his corkscrew trousers had their bottoms rolled up as high as his knees .	as high as	bottoms	knees

3360	After one of her interviews with Leighton , after an hour of throbbing  . &&  of trembling , of vivid but confused emotions .	her face would be as pale as death , and her weakness such that she could hardly speak .	as pale as	face	death

3361	I had known  . &&  to be sure , some fifty presentiments which came to nothing .	but then I had known as many as three which had been verified .	as many as	I	three

3362	Above these hills the white lighthouse loomed , the heated air trembling around it  . &&  and giving it so vague and misty a guise that , being by itself a thing of night and storm and darkness .	it looked now as unreal as a ghost by daylight .	as unreal as	it	ghost

3363	In some of the early Flemish pictures in the Royal Gallery at Munich , it may be observed  . &&  that wherever an alteration was made by the painter , so that a light colour is painted over a dark one .	the colour is as opaque as in any of the more modern pictures which are generally contrasted with such works .	as opaque as	colour	any

3364	On looking into the room , I saw that the housekeeper was lying in a swoon  . &&  one of the servants was in hysterics , while Simon Slowden , who was in the room .	and the page boy looked as white as sheets , and were trembling evidently with fear .	as white as	boy	sheets

3365	thin moon  . &&  The flocking stars that led , A breeze set in from sea Most odorous with spice .	And streamed among big stars that hung Thin mists as white as ice .	as white as	that	ice

3366	and so on all the way down between the shores of age to the higher mathematics  . &&  bank failures .	and the occasional editor whose word is not as good as his bond .	as good as	editor	bond

3367	our vulgarities and our insolences may  . &&  perhaps .	make us as remarkable as that high breeding which we assume to possess .	as remarkable as	vulgarities	breeding

3368	And they all laughed again , and took home the child to the palace  . &&  where , when she was washed and combed , and had one of the Princess 's frocks given to her .	she looked as handsome as Angelica , almost .	as handsome as	she	Angelica

3369	There was a lake in a wooded hollow in front of the Abbey  . &&  a long low pile of stone .	the newest part of which was as old as the days of the last Tudor .	as old as	part	days

3370	exclaimed Bessie , starting up and upsetting the petted Persian , which had been reposing in her lap  . &&  and which now skulked off resentfully , with a swollen tail , to hide its indignation under a chair .	' you are as bad as an oracle .	as bad as	you	oracle

3371	Miss Wendover came over to make the same request  . &&  and Urania sang the last fashionable ballad , ' Blind Man 's Holiday .	' in a hard chilly voice which was as unpleasant as a voice well could be without being actually out of tune .	as unpleasant as	voice	voice

3372	Very well  . &&  ' said Bess , meekly .	' I will be as silent as the grave .	as silent as	I	grave

3373	I ca n't fancy anybody doing anything else in such a room  . &&  ' said Ida .	to whom the spacious chamber looked as gloomy as a charnel .	as gloomy as	chamber	charnel

3374	and yet there was no substantial amelioration of his state  . &&  and his latest fit of the horrors , which occurred only a night ago .	had been quite as bad as the first which Towler had witnessed .	as bad as	fit	first

3375	made papers , specially prepared for writing and illuminating  . &&  make excellent substitutes for vellum , although , of course .	paper is never as durable as vellum .	as durable as	paper	vellum

3376	Illumination seems to be bound up with book production  . &&  and .	if the modern collector could only see that a fine illuminated manuscript was a work of art as desirable as a picture for a permanent possession , there ought to be a fair demand for the work of the modern illuminator .	as desirable as	manuscript	picture

3377	but then  . &&  to be sure .	some folks ai n't as particular as others .	as particular as	folks	others

3378	And you are not sure that the effect of it  . &&  after you get it down .	will be as good as a well .	as good as	effect	well

3379	In lands which have Sabbaths of mere amusement  . &&  mere gala days .	republics rise and fall as quick as children 's card .	as quick as	republics	card

3380	Good religious fiction  . &&  thoughtfully read .	may be quite as profitable as any other reading .	as profitable as	fiction	reading

3381	She seldom sits there  . &&  and spends most of her leisure in her own room .	which is as tidy as a bee 's cell .	as tidy as	room	cell

3382	So completely enveloped is the reader in the atmosphere of the opulent world about him  . &&  so deeply does he realize the primeval forces rushing tumultuous through that world .	that at times the human figures seem as subordinate as those in Corot 's landscapes .	as subordinate as	figures	those

3383	MY DEAR BROTHER  . &&  The account which you will receive by this post of the King .	is as favourable as any of the others .	as favourable as	BROTHER	any

3384	Take powder of Loadstone , and of flints , a like quantity of either  . &&  and with whites of egges , and gumme dragant , make paste .	and in a few dayes it will grow as hard as a stone .	as hard as	it	stone

3385	for a moment even her nerve failed her  . &&  but she conquered her weakness and went on calmly .	and her grey Irish eyes were as cold as ice as she looked at Toni .	as cold as	eyes	ice

3386	and in its place gave an air of cynical maturity  . &&  which , reckoning by actual length of years .	was as deceptive as the former illusion .	as deceptive as	air	illusion

3387	we sat still in the boat , just keeping her head to the stream with the oars , and  . &&  being without our shirts , the sun scorching and blistering our backs , till past noon , during which time we must have drifted nearly twenty miles up the river .	which was as broad as the arm of a sea at the entrance .	as broad as	river	arm

3388	But he was foolish enough to take out the cork  . &&  and the genii , escaping .	became as big as a mountain , and could n't be squeezed back into the bottle .	as big as	genii	mountain

3389	Had he exercised any casuistry about the point , however  . &&  he might have argued that these papers , according to all appearance , dated from a period to which his own hereditary claims ascended .	and to circumstances in which his own rightful interest was as strong as that of Mr.	as strong as	circumstances	that

3390	When it comes to humanizing a man  . &&  rounding him out , which is the purpose of college life .	they 're just as essential as a course in the sciences .	as essential as	they	course

3391	The new Italian army  . &&  formed on the nucleus of the Sardinian army and led by veterans of Novara and Solferino .	was as strong as the whole allied army of .	as strong as	army	army

3392	coloured feathers  . &&  all which form a tuft , or tassel .	nearly as large as one .	as large as	tuft	one

3393	of these I shall mention is a perfect white  . &&  except the prime quill feathers .	which are as black as those of a crow .	as black as	feathers	those

3394	This painting of the flesh , I understand , is performed in their youth  . &&  by pricking the skin with a needle , until the blood starts , and rubbing in a blueish tinct .	which is as permanent as their life .	as permanent as	tinct	life

3395	shop in a very agreeable situation  . &&  overshadowed by plane trees .	one of which is nearly as large as that of the seraglio , and also quite hollow .	as large as	one	that

3396	but they would be liable to pursuit  . &&  and , when a white borderer takes to the trail .	he can be as persistent as the red man himself , though , as I have said , had they been eager to shoot the boy , they would not have been stopped by that knowledge .	as persistent as	he	man

3397	These centaurs of the central plateaux  . &&  scarce ever setting foot upon the earth .	when afoot are almost as helpless as birds with their wings plucked or pinioned .	as helpless as	afoot	birds

3398	The great negro orator  . &&  Frederick Douglas .	was as heterodox as Lincoln .	as heterodox as	orator	Lincoln

3399	before the College of Physicians  . &&  Lawrence severely retaliated , repudiating the general charge .	but reasserting that the dependence of life on organization is as clear as the derivation of daylight from the sun .	as clear as	dependence	derivation

3400	to show you that I do n't bear any grudge  . &&  I 'll pay my footing .	and I 'll be as generous as that blasted millionaire of a .	as generous as	I	millionaire

3401	This sentiment is corroborated by the fact  . &&  that in the vine countries of France .	where weak wines are as abundant as cider , in a plentiful season in Pennsylvania , and where all , poor and rich , drink of them freely , there is comparatively no drunkenness .	as abundant as	countries	cider

3402	holder in Berlin wool  . &&  and an odd garter of knitting .	which was as black as the chimney before I had done with it .	as black as	garter	chimney

3403	How the roads wander , how the castle sits upon the hill  . &&  how the sun eradiates from behind the cloud , and how the congregated clouds themselves uproll .	as stiff as bolsters .	as stiff as	clouds	bolsters

3404	and his wife  . &&  who was the last of all .	was as demonstrative as the others .	as demonstrative as	wife	others

3405	The street children  . &&  playing after the rain .	were as gleeful as ever , without a thought of her distress .	as gleeful as	children	ever

3406	So I just sent Smithers off to bed  . &&  and lay down beside the dear little duck , and it has nestled in my arms all night .	as soft as a ball of silk .	as soft as	it	ball

3407	The young ones by this time had sent Pierre to the house with their flowers  . &&  and were lingering on Muriel 's croquet ground until Miss Martindale should persuade herself that she was not too grown up to play , a conclusion which she speedily arrived at on the appearance of the new comer .	who was quite as advanced as herself and seemed eager to begin .	as advanced as	who	herself

3408	and there  . &&  from the margin of a fine sandy bay .	a plain spread inland as wide as this ice .	as wide as	spread	ice

3409	we now got our clothing wrung out and dried  . &&  the boat thoroughly baled .	and by midday we were as comfortable as men so circumstanced might be .	as comfortable as	we	men

3410	There was not a ray of light visible , but  . &&  happily , sight is not the only sense with which we are endowed .	and Marie 's ears were as keen as her eyes .	as keen as	ears	eyes

3411	their extreme youth , the light clear brown of their complexions , their delicate features  . &&  and inexpressibly graceful figures , their softly moulded limbs , and free unstudied action .	seemed as strange as beautiful .	as strange as	youth	beautiful

3412	I could not avoid thinking that I had fallen in with a greatly traduced people  . &&  and I moralized not a little upon the disadvantage of having a bad name , which in this instance had given a tribe of savages .	who were as pacific as so many lambkins , the reputation of a confederacy of giant .	as pacific as	tribe	lambkins

3413	Parliament had now advanced further than ever in the direction of a breach with Rome  . &&  and had transferred the power of nomination to bishoprics from the Holy See to the Crown , and .	what was as least as significant , had dealt in a similar manner with the authority over Religious houses .	as least as	what	significant

3414	His voice rang out with a melancholy triumph  . &&  and Ralph , looking at the two monks who stood in the centre of the room .	saw that they were both as white as paper .	as white as	they	paper

3415	s masons  . &&  by comparison with their dim antiquity .	seem as evanescent as the gadflies of a summer .	as evanescent as	masons	gadflies

3416	children who  . &&  after years of watchful and anxious discipline .	were as indomitable as the young of the wild beast dropped in the wilderness .	as indomitable as	children	young

3417	Only a few years ago  . &&  before I was exposed to this malady .	I was as blithe as a speckled yearling , and recked not of aught .	as blithe as	I	yearling

3418	Slacking off the sheet  . &&  he ran her aground in the sand behind the point .	where the water was as smooth as the lake in a calm .	as smooth as	point	lake

3419	But the sloop  . &&  in her altered trim .	was as steady as an old horse on a smooth road .	as steady as	sloop	horse

3420	We stuck to our job  . &&  and were rewarded by a clapping of hands from ladies and maidservants in the neighboring windows .	so that our broomsticks seemed as heroic as the lances of chivalry .	as heroic as	broomsticks	lances

3421	One of them , a buxom creature of middle age , drank champagne at night in the smoking saloon with one of the American Jews , enormously fat  . &&  foul in conversation , free with his money , who seemed to covet her favor , and was jealous of a young Turk who , unlike others of his race aboard .	was as noisy as a schoolboy and played pranks all day long up and down the ship .	as noisy as	Turk	schoolboy

3422	audience of the Marinsky theater , and the peasants  . &&  the workers , the underfed masses .	there was a gulf as wide as between the profiteers and unemployed of England , wide though lower down the scale of life on both sides .	as wide as	gulf	profiteers

3423	What they could be for I had n't the least notion  . &&  but I kept a bright look out to see what cousin John did , and when I saw him dip his fingers into his bowl and wipe 'em on a sort of red towel which the nigger brought along with the bowls .	I jest went over the manoeuvre as natural as life .	as natural as	jest	life

3424	There war n't the least mite of red in her face  . &&  and her hair was all frizzley , and done up in a leetle bunch .	about as big as a hen 's egg behind .	as big as	mite	egg

3425	Instead of being dressed out like a thing sot up for a show  . &&  she had n't nothing on but a harnsome silk frock , and a leetle narrow velvet ribbon tied round her harnsome black hair .	that was brushed till it looked as bright as a crow 's back .	as bright as	it	back

3426	It was shaped kinder like a horse shoe , the floor was chuck full of benches  . &&  kivered over with red cushions , and there was four galleries all pillared off and painted .	and set off with gold and great blazing glass things that made every thing look as bright as day .	as bright as	thing	day

3427	If Miss Elssler ai nt to hum I 'll make tracks and cum agin  . &&  it ai nt no trouble .	I 'd just as livs as not , but I guess I 'll leave this ere letter for fear she may want it .	as livs as	I	not

3428	The man who keeps the door at the Park Theatre did n't seem to know me at fust , but the minit I writ out my name the hull length  . &&  and handed it over , curlecues and all , and told him I wanted the Astor House box .	he was as perlite as a basket of chips .	as perlite as	he	basket

3429	Arter this we mixed in the talk altogether , like lemon  . &&  and sugar , and brandy in a punch bowl .	as sociable as so many chickens in a coop , till by .	as sociable as	we	so many chickens in a coop

3430	and the old man that now draws his twenty dollars a month  . &&  will be the founder of a line .	jest as noble as any that ever sprung up in the heart of old England .	as noble as	that	any

3431	with that I took a marching step and went down stairs heads up  . &&  and with the gal hanging on my arm .	as independent as a cork .	as independent as	gal	cork

3432	Revolution may not come soon  . &&  not probably in our time , but come it will .	and as sure as fate there will be an explosion such as the world has never seen .	as sure as	it	fate

3433	at times  . &&  in describing things belonging to the army , for we are all of us liable to commit mistakes .	and no doubt I make as many as other people .	as many as	I	people

3434	When he pronounced the death sentence upon that Parliament  . &&  and inflicted the mortal wound , he declared that his motives for doing it were merely political .	and that their hands were as pure as those of justice itself , which they administered .	as pure as	hands	those

3435	To this peasant  . &&  perhaps to all his kind .	war was as inevitable as natural calamities , like rains and droughts , earthquakes , and thunderbolts .	as inevitable as	war	calamities

3436	But what delighted the woman most of all was a tiny cradle , made of a walnut shell  . &&  lined with velvet , in which lay the prettiest baby ever seen .	but it was only just as large as a man 's thumb .	as large as	it	thumb

3437	she said to herself  . &&  and her embrace was so warm that Annie rested in her arms with the feeling that here was real home and a real Mamma .	and that England was just as nice as America .	as nice as	England	America

3438	And then  . &&  when she breaks down and comes to our call .	we 'll all be as soft as mother 's milk to her .	as soft as	we	milk

3439	and I dare say  . &&  if we knew all about the governor when he was of my age , which I do n't remember .	he was as spooney as any one .	as spooney as	he	one

3440	John Jordan of Great Salkeld  . &&  falling in one of the subsequent rounds .	left the coast as good as clear to Scott and Richardson , who ultimately came together in the final fall .	as good as	Jordan	clear

3441	es and other such dishes were finished , they attacked the puddings gallantly  . &&  and after they had done their duty by them , they had roast pigeons and asparagus .	at the same time expressing great surprise that the pigeons in Mecklenburg were not as large as geese , and complaining of the asparagus not being as thick as hop .	as large as	pigeons	hop

3442	We have , therefore  . &&  no more doubt that a war may be right , than that a policeman may be a security for justice .	and we object to a fortress as little as to a handcuff .	as little as	we	handcuff

3443	He would have welcomed me  . &&  however .	had I been as poor as Job , for pakehas were , in those days , at an enormous premium .	as poor as	I	Job

3444	The recent ships  . &&  which are not necessarily confined to the Zeppelin type , though built along the same lines .	are almost as large as ocean steamships .	as large as	ships	steamships

3445	In case  . &&  however , that it is not so .	I will tell you briefly that she is already as good as a Christian , and that she is the betrothed of a noble Spanish knight .	as good as	she	Christian

3446	He is a larger  . &&  handsomer bird than I am .	but even when we were babies my parents said that his voice would not be as good as mine .	as good as	voice	mine

3447	Within these naked  . &&  neglected walls there were about thirty young men .	some of them apparently quite as young as Rouletabille , with candid blue eyes and pale complexions .	as young as	some	Rouletabille

3448	I made him amends by repairing his lance  . &&  and gave it back to him .	comforting him with the assurance that it would be as good as ever for the next traveller he met .	as good as	it	ever

3449	That you should be so readily prejudiced against me is not gratifying , but  . &&  you see , nobody could take any steps without positive proof of the story .	and my word is at least as credible as that of the interloper who told it you .	as credible as	word	that

3450	and his sister enjoyed in a sweet emotion of sympathy the beautiful mildness on both their countenances  . &&  which , in union with energy .	is as enchanting as moonlight on a mountain .	as enchanting as	countenances	moonlight

3451	s outbursts of wrath  . &&  but what would become of his feeble mother .	who was as dependent as a child on her own mother .	as dependent as	mother	child

3452	If you had fallen in the other pool  . &&  where there are half a dozen turtles .	though none as large as the one you rode on , you might have been bitten .	as large as	you	one

3453	and when she went in  . &&  and delivered all her parcels to the ladies , and was congratulated on her success in getting precisely the desired articles .	her heart was as light as a feather .	as light as	heart	feather

3454	She was quite large  . &&  in a soft young way .	and her skin was as pure as a baby 's .	as pure as	skin	baby

3455	When we speak of Sherwin  . &&  inevitably we think of Frank Beard , the cartoonist .	whose jokes were as original as his pictures .	as original as	Beard	pictures

3456	neus had entertained his guests royally for nine days  . &&  the hunt began , and the huge beast .	which was as large as an ox , was surrounded and driven from its lair .	as large as	beast	ox

3457	A man of pure  . &&  strong , constant affections .	his love of tranquil domestic enjoyments was as remarkable as his self .	as remarkable as	man	self

3458	Jupiter , Mars  . &&  Mercury , Apollo .	their amours are as famous as their names .	as famous as	amours	names

3459	His hands  . &&  which she held firmly in hers .	were as cold as ice .	as cold as	hands	ice

3460	Thunder might roll  . &&  but no bolt fell .	and the sky was as clear as usual at the next meeting .	as clear as	sky	usual

3461	The occupant of the cabin was of a Spanish type  . &&  with dark skin and sharp , black eyes .	as black as his smoothly brushed hair .	as black as	occupant	hair

3462	His life and career  . &&  little known , are the more worthy of the reader 's interest .	because the man is as original as the writer .	as original as	man	writer

3463	The same words  . &&  issuing from other lips .	would have been as harmless as pop .	as harmless as	words	pop

3464	and this itching for pompous forms of expression  . &&  this contempt for plainness and simplicity of style .	is as old as Aristotle .	as old as	contempt	Aristotle

3465	yet it is evident that if error employs it  . &&  truth must do the same .	even if the distinction be as small as the difference between two animalcules fighting each other among a billion of fellows in a drop of water .	as small as	distinction	difference

3466	Bell sprang to me  . &&  lifting my head .	and his face looked as white as a woman 's .	as white as	face	woman

3467	CHAPTER III To Papayuchisew  . &&  after his first mouthful of water .	the stream was almost as safe as the air , for he went sailing down it with the lightness of a gull , wondering in his slow .	as safe as	stream	air

3468	s rock  . &&  instead of rising for a hundred feet or more straight up .	was possibly as high as a man .	as high as	rock	man

3469	but the steep streets are narrow and  . &&  in wet weather , noisome .	and the children do not look as healthy as in many other places .	as healthy as	children	places

3470	Just before we reached the bridge connecting the islands of Ossero and Cherso  . &&  which has to be crossed before the town of Ossero is reached .	great banks of spurge made the roadside as yellow as fields full of charlock in England .	as yellow as	banks	fields

3471	But I 've seen her  . &&  and everything 's all right .	and I 'm as happy as a sandboy .	as happy as	I	sandboy

3472	at first just on account of this young fellow Barry who I had taken a liking to  . &&  and then because I liked the old man and the girl herself .	whose voice was as sweet as the note of a thrush .	as sweet as	man	note

3473	but we had got under the lee of Lismore  . &&  and slowly and slowly the wind died away .	until even the sea was as smooth as the surface of a mirror .	as smooth as	sea	surface

3474	Their houses are built like our arbors , of small young springs bowed and tyed , and so close covered with mats  . &&  or the barkes of trees very handsomely , that nothwithstanding either winde , raine , or weather .	they are as warm as stoves , but very smoaky , yet at the toppe of the house there is a hole made for the smoake to go into right over the fire .	as warm as	they	stoves

3475	Twenty paces away , on a knoll of dry ground  . &&  we find more violets , but these are in much deeper tints of azure and yellow .	while their stalks are scarcely more than half as tall as their brethren near the swamp .	as tall as	stalks	brethren

3476	She returned his kiss with a pretty  . &&  effusive embrace .	though her lips were as cold as ice .	as cold as	lips	ice

3477	Pecksy was a good  . &&  obedient , little bird .	and I am sure my dear little bird is as good as a bird can be .	as good as	bird	bird

3478	The opportunity came  . &&  and when you let the heavy book fall down on the poor little innocent creature , you knew perfectly well that it must kill him .	if it did not press him as flat as a pancake .	as flat as	it	pancake

3479	was filled with English  . &&  French and Belgian officers , and their wives or friends .	and to the casual observer the place was as gay as in times of peace .	as gay as	place	times

3480	Do you carry the trough  . &&  husband , and I will carry the sieve .	which is as heavy as the devil .	as heavy as	sieve	devil

3481	good boy at my local dispensary && cool <url> have you tried korova ?	their black bars taste like a hemp shoe but they kick like a mule .	kick like	they	a mule

3482	try to live for His praise and glory in any fashion  . &&  then be sure of this .	that our poor deeds are as immortal as Him for whom they are done , and that we may take to ourselves the great word which He has spoken , when He has declared that at the last He will confess His confessors ' names before the angels in heaven .	as immortal as	deeds	Him

3483	Creonta , by enchantment  . &&  had enclosed her , together with her two sisters , in the rinds of three Oranges .	for reasons which were as probable as the circumstance itself .	as probable as	reasons	circumstance

3484	Figure de Christ  . &&  but it is true .	as true as death .	as true as	it	death

3485	yet when she was roused  . &&  and there were no corners into which the dust could be swept .	she could be as bold as any better woman .	as bold as	she	woman

3486	His wife knelt at his feet , his sons stood around him  . &&  and one of them led by the hand a young child , whose eyes were Indian eyes .	but whose skin was nearly as fair as that of her grandfather .	as fair as	skin	that

3487	The walls are built of sharp  . &&  small flint .	imbedded in mortar that has now become as hard as iron .	as hard as	that	iron

3488	His hours of rising and retiring  . &&  his Office , meditations .	and all his spiritual exercises were as regular as those of his brethren in the colleges of Europe .	as regular as	hours	those

3489	but if France continues in its unsettled state  . &&  and if the son inherit any of the power and scheming of the race .	he is as likely as any other to be the coming man .	as likely as	he	other

3490	Insensible to the influences of time  . &&  place , and circumstance .	he is still as free as air when hunted from his retreat by men to whom his whole life is an enigma .	as free as	he	air

3491	She had felt the ground around Perdreau  . &&  and .	although he was as hypocritical as the devil , he had attempted several very disagreeable jokes about the church and her ceremonies which , I must say , provoked Jeannette to such a degree , she openly showed her displeasure .	as hypocritical as	he	devil

3492	pass , where he was hunting  . &&  and that on hearing its roar , which he compared to loud thunder , the sight almost left his eyes .	and his heart became as small as that of a child 's .	as small as	heart	that

3493	Three or four days afterwards he was astonished by several of his slaves informing him the general had been tampering with them  . &&  saying they were fools to remain slaves .	when they could be as free as white men , and that if they would come down the river with him , he would take them to Texas , where he would pay them twenty dollars a month for their labour .	as free as	they	men

3494	Fear had produced a terrible effect upon him  . &&  and his hair .	which the evening before was as black as jet , had now changed to the whiteness of snow .	as black as	hair	jet

3495	but the setting of his pathetic tales , the misery of the poor  . &&  the wrongs of power , the pitiless cruelty of the system of society .	had passed away as utterly as Circe and the sirens , Charybdis and Cyclops .	as utterly as	setting	Circe

3496	looking mixture upon a filter  . &&  I found that almost nothing remained behind .	and the filtrate was nearly as white as the original liquid .	as white as	filtrate	liquid

3497	The old ship came up on the wind  . &&  presenting her front most gallantly to the angry waves .	which came on as high as the fore .	as high as	which	fore

3498	red lips expand into a peculiar enthusiastic smile  . &&  a heroine stands before you whose head , heart .	and arm are as strong as any man 's .	as strong as	head	man

3499	Francis Magyari improvised a powerful sermon , in which he prophesied  . &&  in a voice of thunder , that the God of Israel who had called David from the sheepfolds to a throne , and exalted him over all his adversaries .	would now also graciously maintain the cause of His elect even though his enemies were as numerous as the grass of the field or the sand on the sea .	as numerous as	enemies	grass

3500	His face  . &&  despite the wrinkles which cover it , is fresh and ruddy .	and his teeth are as perfect as those of a youth .	as perfect as	teeth	those

3501	drum subject or a hackneyed sequence , a vulgar twist of the melody or a worn out passage  . &&  a meagre harmony or an unskilful counterpoint , may in vain be looked for throughout the entire range of his compositions , the prevailing characteristics of which are .	a feeling as uncommon as beautiful , a treatment as original as felicitous , a melody and a harmony as new , fresh , vigorous and striking , as they are utterly unexpected and out of the ordinary track .	as uncommon as	characteristics	vigorous

3502	When he 's loose in the pasture  . &&  father has only to stand at the bars and call his name .	and he walks up as quiet as an old sheep .	as quiet as	he	sheep

3503	pointed out that  . &&  in our time .	the old debate about the trinity is as dead as Caesar .	as dead as	debate	Caesar

3504	At first I used to try to make her understand that a true artist is worthy of great respect , that his works sometimes endure for ages  . &&  and are admired by many successive generations , and that , in point of fact .	a good artist is quite as good as a councillor .	as good as	artist	councillor

3505	old son of Orson Clark standing  . &&  with an old blunderbuss in his hands , in a triumphant attitude by the panther .	which lay as dead as a door .	as dead as	which	door

3506	had often been heard  . &&  on Sundays .	to say that we should all do well if we were as innocent as Peter .	as innocent as	we	Peter

3507	and when he experimented on the deck  . &&  they did bounce , bounce like cricket balls .	as high as the ship 's funnels .	as high as	they	funnels

3508	Jehoshaphat , Hezekiah  . &&  and Josiah were the most distinguished and the most virtuous of the reforming kings , yet Jehoshaphat was succeeded by Jehoram .	who was almost as wicked as Ahaz .	as wicked as	who	Ahaz

3509	s Ironsides  . &&  when they were wielding carnal weapons in their own defence or in any other good cause .	were as expert as any Levites at exhortations and psalms and prayers .	as expert as	Ironsides	Levites

3510	At all events , if I have known Englishmen who were very debauched and very refined in vice  . &&  I have also known young men of the same nation , over twenty .	who were as innocent as children , but never a young Frenchman , Italian , or Spaniard of whom this could be said .	as innocent as	who	children

3511	The significant fact is known  . &&  for instance , that in mothers over thirty .	the proportion of abortions and miscarriages is twice as great as in mothers between the ages of fifteen and twenty , who also are superior in this respect to mothers between the ages of twenty and thirty .	as great as	proportion	mothers

3512	All the way up to town from the fair city on the Mersey  . &&  the railway nymphs , whom I had previously noticed on my journey to Southampton .	were as busy as then , with their musical strains .	as busy as	nymphs	then

3513	Out and in and out the sharp straits wander  . &&  In and out and in the wild way strives .	Starred and paved and lined with flowers that squander Gold as golden as the gold of hives , Salt and moist and multiform .	as golden as	squander	gold

3514	but the Protestants saw that  . &&  from a religious point of view .	one position was as bad as the other , and conceived the idea of encouraging the claims of a son of the house of Hamilton , who , after Mary , was next heir to the crown of Scotland .	as bad as	position	other

3515	At Pekin  . &&  the scorching heat of summer is greater than at Cairo .	while the winters are as rigorous as at Upsal .	as rigorous as	winters	Upsal

3516	When I struck land  . &&  my canoe was about half full of water .	and I was as wet as a drowned rat .	as wet as	I	rat

3517	It was , somehow or other  . &&  found out that the house had a potatoe cellar under it , and an immediate examination was made .	for we were all as hungry as wolves .	as hungry as	we	wolves

3518	The same boy was out again on the same errand  . &&  when , returning in great haste and alarm .	he informed them that he had seen the Indians as thick as trees in the woods .	as thick as	he	trees

3519	And think  . &&  beside , you know not Louis 's nature .	Who may be as bad as John , or , rather , worse Than he .	as bad as	Who	John

3520	But here are my new ones  . &&  so shiny and bright .	They are almost as smooth as my skin .	as smooth as	They	skin

3521	This was the first one  . &&  and I remember it very well .	because I found in the morning that it had lifted the thatch of my pigsty into the widow 's garden as clean as a boy 's kite .	as clean as	it	kite

3522	I might be a good tinker  . &&  and worship god Pan .	or I might grind scissors as sharp as the noses of bakers .	as sharp as	I	noses

3523	His phrases and gestures had become stiff and set , his anecdotes  . &&  once so successful , fell flat .	his silence was as meaningless as his speech .	as meaningless as	silence	speech

3524	Ophelia stood by his side  . &&  carefully retaining the jar of jam all the time .	and the little monarch was as submissive as upon the previous day .	as submissive as	monarch	day

3525	libraries would be written about the monument  . &&  every tourist would kodak it , models of it would be for sale everywhere in the earth .	its form would become as familiar as the figure of Napoleon .	as familiar as	form	figure

3526	The whole building was quickly in flames  . &&  and in their red light the entrenchment , in every part .	was as visible as at noonday .	as visible as	entrenchment	noonday

3527	For many a day he sang ballads to the band  . &&  until the famous Allan a Dale joined them .	before whose sweet voice all others seemed as harsh as a raven 's .	as harsh as	others	raven

3528	so that , what with hunting and hawking a little  . &&  and eating rich dishes and drinking good sack , and sleeping until late hours in the morning .	he grew as fat as a stall .	as fat as	he	stall

3529	Each man wore beneath his cap a little head covering of burnished steel set with rivets of gold  . &&  and underneath his jerkin a coat of linked mail .	as fine as carded wool , yet so tough that no arrow could pierce it .	as fine as	a coat of linked mail	carded wool

3530	The whole thing  . &&  in spite of Kate 's denial .	was as plain as daylight .	as plain as	thing	daylight

3531	The little tortoise  . &&  when it comes out of the shell .	is about as big as a large spider .	as big as	tortoise	spider

3532	The drover carried a good Yeager rifle , knife  . &&  and pistols , but a man laden with arms in the midst of a troop of famished wolves .	was as helpless as the tempest .	as helpless as	man	tempest

3533	he got all he wanted , when and where he could  . &&  upon the ' charge it ' principle , and had become so callous to duns .	that his moral compunctions were as tough as sole leather .	as tough as	compunctions	leather

3534	Your suffering  . &&  that of our families .	is as great as mine .	as great as	suffering	mine

3535	Our goal is our honor  . &&  and we should press forward with active , indefatigable energy .	an energy that should be as great as the circumstances that exact our effort .	as great as	energy	circumstances

3536	It is almost impossible to believe that  . &&  at a fair opposition .	Mars under the power of even the smallest astronomical telescope really looks as big as the full moon .	as big as	Mars	moon

3537	Chika , the evil one of the earth , is a malignant spirit  . &&  who has , likewise , much influence over men .	but who is not as powerful as the lord of life and the first man .	as powerful as	who	lord

3538	The traders have  . &&  sometimes , sold such hides to the Indians .	who gave them as many as sixty other robes in exchange .	as many as	who	robes

3539	then the Governor , who was so fond of children  . &&  might take her in hand , and give her for nurse old Dominick .	who was as gentle as a woman .	as gentle as	Dominick	woman

3540	For a time  . &&  wrapped in the warmth and the green and gold mist .	she lay as quiet as the sunbeam .	as quiet as	she	sunbeam

3541	I am certain I can prove to your Lordships what I stated when I said  . &&  that the state of society in Scotland , previous to the concession of civil privileges to the Episcopalians .	was as bad as the present state of society in Ireland .	as bad as	state	state

3542	and , my Lords  . &&  my opinion is that the threat of carrying this measure of creation into execution , if it should have the effect of inducing noble Lords to absent themselves from the House , or to adopt any particular line of conduct .	is just as bad as its execution .	as bad as	threat	execution

3543	but I do say  . &&  that we ought to have some solemn examination of the question .	and some certainty that the new mode proposed is as good as the old one for ascertaining the truth , which , as is said , is the foundation of all justice .	as good as	certainty	one

3544	As he caracoled up and down before the house  . &&  with the sun shining on his fair head .	he looked to my eyes as beautiful as Apollo .	as beautiful as	he	Apollo

3545	but the number was constantly increasing  . &&  death and disease notwithstanding .	so that it presently stood as high as sixty thousand fighting men and half as many followers , to say nothing of the garrison that lay in the city , or the troops posted to guard the approaches .	as high as	it	followers

3546	How can you contend against chemisettes which cover all but the neck  . &&  against sleeves that hide the whole arm .	so that only the face and hands remain to prove that the young woman is not as black as the Emperor of Mauritania .	as black as	woman	Emperor

3547	In Norway especially  . &&  at the period of which we write .	the variety of these aerial structures was as amazing as their number .	as amazing as	variety	number

3548	Among the gaunt , haggard forms of famine and nakedness , amidst the yells of murder , the tears of affliction  . &&  and the cries of despair , the song , the dance , the mimic scene , the buffoon laughter .	went on as regularly as in the gay hour of festive peace .	as regularly as	tears	hour

3549	If the law be well made  . &&  and the contributions founded on just proportions .	everything superadded by something that is not as regular as law , and as uniform in its operation , will become more or less out of proportion .	as regular as	something	uniform

3550	The excesses of delicacy  . &&  repose .	and satiety are as unfavorable as the extremes of hardship , toil , and want to the increase and multiplication of our kind .	as unfavorable as	excesses	extremes

3551	walls you might call them  . &&  a good hundred feet high , and widening gradually towards the top .	but in a circle as regular as ever you could draw with a pair of compasses .	as regular as	you	ever

3552	he was a stranger to the attribute of mercy  . &&  and the life of the man who had injured him .	he regarded as little as the life of the worm which he might tread beneath his heel upon his path .	as little as	he	life

3553	People do cry out when they are stabbed  . &&  sometimes , but I rather think I did not say a word .	only looked a disdain which at that minute was as measureless as my belief in you .	as measureless as	disdain	belief

3554	Eager to find out where this light came from , and seeing his way more clearly now , he hastened on  . &&  and soon arrived at the mouth of a large cave , which , inside .	was as bright as day .	as bright as	cave	day

3555	Gifts began to pour in , and what with untying the parcels the messengers brought  . &&  and the other parcels , which had arrived before , but had been kept until now unopened .	Patty and Ruth were as busy as bees .	as busy as	Ruth	bees

3556	As land lay at about three miles ' distance  . &&  Lieutenant Bellot resolved to go and encamp there during the night .	which was as light as the day .	as light as	night	day

3557	Well , I must say  . &&  Oliver , that since I have had the pleasure of a journey at your side .	all your information has been as credible as gospel .	as credible as	information	gospel

3558	that they were secretly married at Worcester House  . &&  the residence of Hyde .	although her father knew as little as any one of the contract .	as little as	father	one

3559	The arrival of Sir Redvers Buller and his staff gave hopes of an early advance  . &&  and everybody discussed what our General ought to do .	strategical plans becoming as numerous as sandstorms .	as numerous as	plans	sandstorms

3560	I myself have always considered the English less reasonable than the Swiss  . &&  and at the same time less faithful .	while I think they are just as vainglorious as the Spaniards , without possessing anything of their real merit .	as vainglorious as	they	Spaniards

3561	they live on their own kind , or on others  . &&  and devour perpetually , without ever destroying any particular species .	because the fecundity is as great as the depredation , and because all the consumption turns to the profit of reproduction .	as great as	fecundity	depredation

3562	it was arranged so  . &&  and though they should find all the bluebells blackened and battered , and the thunder bellowed round them .	that meeting in the bluebell wood was as certain as the rising of the sun .	as certain as	meeting	rising

3563	I 've waited a long time here  && for a man with your sort of brains and by Judas .	for a while I thought they were all as dead as Pinkerton .	as dead as	they	Pinkerton

3564	I 'm so sorry we are late  . &&  but you will let us in , wo n't you .	and we shall be as quiet as mice .	as quiet as	we	mice

3565	His eyes  . &&  when he looked up at Gale .	were as blue as the skies overhead .	as blue as	eyes	skies

3566	The outside is of a pale green colour  . &&  the inside has a great number of hard , black seeds .	which are nearly as big as peas , and are covered with a moist , gritty pulp , which taste like sugar .	taste like	seeds	sugar

3567	The materials of many of his works  . &&  and the traces of his own mind , which he stamps upon them .	are as indestructible as the shells and bones which give language to the oldest work .	as indestructible as	the traces of his own mind	the shells and bones

3568	if truly seen  . &&  they are groups of stars .	of which each may be as important as our sun , being , like it , the centre of a planetary system .	as important as	stars	sun

3569	and though somewhat dogmatical , yet he added to the variety and good intelligence of our discussions  . &&  which , from the mixture of company .	were as various as the newspapers .	as various as	our discussions	the newspapers

3570	hunting . killing animals for fun is the mark of a psychopath . && are you a vegan / vegetarian ?	no , but that does n't mean that i think it 's okay to just go out and kill animals as entertainment , or as a trophy .	as entertainment , or as	kill animals	a trophy

3571	III THE STORY OF POIT In the interior of South America , with the rivers Parana and Paraguay to the east , with Argentine to the south  . &&  and Bolivia to the west , there is a vast , low country called the Gran Chaco .	about as large as the state of Texas and inhabited by Indians .	as large as	country	state

3572	Here , going on shore , they met with no inhabitants  . &&  though there were several houses or huts standing , in which they found a good quantity of dried fowls , and among them a great number of ostriches .	of which the thighs were as large as those of a sheep .	as large as	the thighs	those of a sheep

3573	Yeah . Li Na's mother has been building a fire under her since her neighbour's daughter got married with a Canadian . She's almost driving Li Na crazy .  &&  If I were Li Na , I would ask her if she had done that .	She a as meek as a lamb . She never goes against anyone or anything . She's as good as gold , you know ?	as meek as	Li Na	a lamb

3574	God knows . Speaking of chores , I would rather do some washing than cooking .  &&  For me , I think I will iron my shirt and trousers . Actually , weekends tend to be the most hectic day in the whole week .	I really hope that I could sleep like a log all through two nights . But ... Some one said that weekends are a bit like rainbows ; they look good from a distance but disappear before we get up close to them .	are a bit like	weekends	rainbows

3575	because hrc ppl do n't like her . && then i love her	ah yes , the enemy of my enemy is my friend . the most poorly thought out strategy possible unless your end game is like a knife in your back .	is like	your end game	a knife in your back

3576	agreed . let us be friends . <url> && i 'll be your friend , but i 've already got a s.o. , so i suppose i ca n't " go my own way " , eh ?	no . that means you need mgtow more than ever . women are abusing men and most people do n't see it . please do some research . marriage is like a trap .	is like	marriage	a trap