Red rooster is the fucking worst fast food place by far. Where I grew up there where two one in the major shopping centre and ones about a minute away outside. The outdoor one was always dead never saw a car in the drive thru. But the inside one had a line as long as hungry jack's, almost like people not wanting to wait in line decided to go there which then formed a line. There is a Chinese place, Maccas, KFC and a bunch of smaller food places in the same food court aswell. But always a line at red rooster. Worse than maccas? Sure mate.
Last Saturday night was homecoming and today  every single kid in my son's friend group tested positive for Influenza....so yeah..now is a good time to get your flu shot. @USER Oh no!!
Guy is my longtime fb friend. Very measured and rational person. Goes to show what happens to you if you criticize the PM or his riotous followers if you don't have any political backing and you live in BJP ruled state. Lately Barak Valley has become a lot more intolerant.
0-0 in 6 a side? Ye must be absolutely shite. In fairness the goals are about the size of ice hockey goals and yes.
It's actually illegal (UK) for drivers to do this on purpose to pedestrians now. I don’t think they did it on purpose, per se, but they definitely could’ve reduced the amount of splash by being aware of the road.
Horses is a fucking garbage song, when did it become a cultural touchstone because I thought it was shithouse back in the 90s too. I wasn't a fan when it came out either.
From  what I've heard, it was so shit the clubs started to use it as a last song of the night. To get people to fuck off home! Of course, everyone's happy and pissed so it became tied in with that feeling and now there's a generation that think it's awesome.
Idiots.
@USER More Life FB! @USER Thank you fam ??
Bring on transfer rumours atleast #LFC. @USER Valverde.
Story? I really want to use this one more when I run into people haha.
Yellow? If your pastry is green, I'd send it back.
Have you ever smoked pot?

Be honest. @USER Yes yes yes.
Coming to Cincinnati for a couple days tomorrow! Would love to know what to eat, please! @USER otr dweller, Bagelry or Lils in cov for breakfast, lunch is sparse in otr but if you go to the banks E19 has a kale brussels sprout salad they’re famous for and they should be. Dinner at Che Argentinian or Wodka bar.
less discriminatory than partition though. MOVE ON FROM THE PARTITION 
The descendants of people (myself included) that experienced the partition have moved on. Why can't you people?
@USER #TheGazaYouDontSee. @USER  @USER It's basically the Warsaw Ghetto.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER My Russian friends living outside of Russia are all speaking to each other, worried and afraid for what comes next. They believe Putin will react fast in Ukraine as well against those who protest. This is not good. What will the West's response be?
@USER Look it’s not as bad as the year I caught  @USER making live edits at his booth and running in engine. @USER  @USER  @USER Look we've all been there
By which I mean I think I was there when that happened ?
You don't have to hate someone to break up with them.  Be firm and honest.  This relationship isn't working for you and the two of you are not as good together as you had hoped.  They may think you are being a dick, or they may realize you are right, or they may have been thinking the same thing. you can't control their reaction, just your actions. Good answer thanks!
#AirtelFibre #AirtelAcceptComplaint #Bhartiairtel #Airtel

Airtel Fibre network is down since 30+ hours. The customer care is not ready to accept complaint.
Every time we text/call/ email, they say that they are working with utmost priority. This is how they have zero complaints. #Airtel #Airtel5G #Airtel5GPlusLaunch #airtelplan #airtelweekendchallenge.
I going to take a guess and stay this was on strandhill beach, amazing surf beach but fuck me the pull in that water. Could have been around mullaghmore either, think that's a favourite for them when it's stormy.
You can smell the desperation. You can smell the Lynx Africa.
1000/400. i get 940/40.. uplink still broken. thanks myrepublic. Where the hell are you getting speeds that high?
What’s happening in Iran?!? @USER Hopefully, the end of four decades of a theocratic banana republic.
@USER Your complaint no. is PWD/2022/10/324946. @USER Update pls.
@USER Which resort hotel is that? @USER I thought I tagged it! Hilton Hurghada Plaza.
In Oz we call crisps, chips and chips, hot chips. Hard habit to break. Really...? I lurk on r/Australia and chips are chips and crisps are crisps. Perhaps it's  a regional thing...?
@USER  @USER  @USER Beautiful! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Ms O.
I really liked the gentlemen with Matthew mchowevwr you spell it. Saw it, that was good.
Tina started bitching about sumbul's work in kitchen

Gautam: she needs the work rn and let her do it on her terms. Maine Jo kaam diya, soch ke diya.

??????? @USER well said.
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER Congratulations.
It's Sunday. It's always carnage. but it normally  doesnt look like, some has set up an illegal pitch at a market, trying to flog something that fell off the back of a truck.
What does this mean? Can somebody ELI5 to somebody who has literally no idea how this affects me? The RBA lends money to other banks who then lend money to you and I. For the last six months or so, it's at an interest rate of 0.75%, and so a bank might charge you say 2.75% for a loan.
Because our econmical outcome is looking worse and worse and the government isn't or can't do anything about it, the RBA has decided to lower the interest rate to 0.5%. This in turn is suppose to force your bank to lower your interest rate to 2.5% and you then use that extra 0.25% to go out and spend or invest it to try to stimulate the economy.
>how this affects me?
Unless you have a mortgage or a bank loan, you're not really going to feel the impact immediately and even then, that's if the banks pass the rate cut.
I want to post a cute thirst trap but I’m in so much pain from these damn TEETH. @USER Tooth, Root, and mouth pain.
Just google it? qbasic.net. Thanks mate.
@USER Nope! Retraining at 39. All the best! @USER Thank you so much ?
But it IS the slab's fault, little fucker. I often wonder if anyone watching is a lip reader, as I usually swear at the little fucker.
Day off today but it's too wet &amp; miserable to do anything out side. What to do? Ooooh, forget last tweet.  #Bathurst1000 is on TV so that sorts my day out.
@USER A party platform other than what they scabbed grom the KKK and Proud Boys. @USER *from.
God wasted a fine asshole when he put teeth in Tushar Kapoor's mouth. WTF. This comment had me rolling. Lol. Dude!!!
@USER One time I was cooking dinner for friends in the US and the way I had to *hunt* for it in the supermarket. @USER  @USER There’s an episode of Seinfeld that hangs around the characters not knowing what mutton is.
Scientists have discovered a way to combat anxiety disorders: This breakthrough remedy also helps people cope with depression, fibromyalgia, chronic pain, nervous exhaustion, and other conditions. Don't put it off any longer because demand is increasing by the day. @USER What is it please let me know.
@USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations! What a fab project! @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Tracy! ??
Nobody wants to hang out with me and I understand. I would hang out with you.
Just wait until we beat Modi. None of you will be able to show your faces in society.
Burn their names into memory. 


NV Ramana


SK Kaul


Subhas Reddy


BR Gavai 


Surya Kant


Along with Bobde. 'Nuremberg trials', can't wait more for that day!
There should be a gaeltacht slasher movie that functions exactly like an American summer camp slasher only it's entirely in Irish. @USER But you can't swear in Irish... ???⚰️☠️?
Ive got respect for that, I can do canwick and lindum hill but not steep. Well played. Steeps not even the worst of it, try Motherby Hill. Ouch.
Wasn't wombats the natural heroes of the bush fires just a few weeks ago? They were herding and providing small animals with shelter in their burrows. Now they are pests?!
What is wrong with people?? Well there are no more fires now so we're going to have to let you go /s.
My wife. I also choose this man's wife.
@USER  @USER  @USER Allah razı olsun kardeşim. Rabbim birliğimizi daim eylesin. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Lovely ????
Winning Streak never moved on from the 80s. RTE never moved on from the 80's.
My favourite thing about having insomnia for 3 decades is people telling me how to cure it as if I haven't tried everything imaginable to avoid 10,000 sleep-deprived nights. @USER Me too....me too.
Not every murder becomes big news. When it's a man killing a woman it does..
As a guy, I hate watching sports. I think its the most boring shit ever, its like watching paint dry. Id rather play than watch. I can't understand how you can watch like 2 hours of guys playing something and get excited over it. Yes you can hate on me all you want thats just my opinion. Same, I played soccer in a team when I was younger but hated to watch people play it cause you dont do anything.
@USER  @USER Happy Birthday. @USER  @USER ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ୍ ??
Bullshit, that definitely didn’t happen. It’s a joke you dim witted spastic.
@USER I really don't know...I mean I can't say anything about anyone is true until I meet him or her. People are way different in reality. So no conclusions ? @USER There is definitely truth in what you say.
TLDR:  senior positions and management get paid more. And are generally the most useless pricks out there, all talk and no action.
May you have the money people often think you have ?? @USER Amen ?
ee kaha se tapak pade beech me. Lagta hai BJP ka ticket chahiey.
@USER  @USER  @USER Sold out ? @USER  @USER  @USER Don’t make the journey especially but IF you are in Dalkey often you can take a chance there may are tickets on the door as inevitably some  no shows .
Sometimes i do it on purpose when im in a bad mood. But when it happens to me i get annoyed. Hmmm...
What is the correct number of abortions for which a pro-life candidate should pay?

Asking for my evangelical friends. @USER 8 is my lucky number.
If I send a photo to your phone on Whatsapp, will you reply to me? ?? @USER Yes so send to +14042467953.
भारत के तीन महापुरुष  दुनिया में सदैव याद जायेंगे 
1 गौतमबुद्ध - ध्यान के लिए।
2 अम्बेडकर - ज्ञान के।
3 कलाम - विज्ञान के  लिए ।
#जय_भीम_जय_संविधान_जय_विज्ञान. @USER कृष्ण से बड़ा किसी का ध्यान नहीं,विवेकानंद जैसा ज्ञान नहीं और वेदों जैसा विज्ञान नहीं।.
Boris Johnson ignores his responsibilities here and goes scuttling off to Ukraine in a desperate bid to be photographed next to the only person in the world who  likes him. @USER You mean the only European leader who has backed him unequivocally?
US and UK pints are different by about 20% because they are derived from a gallon, which is also different between the two countries.
We have a 4 year old milk addict in the house and we have cereal too so we probably get through 12 UK pints a week, plus the Mrs has soya milk, so maybe 4 UK pints of that too. Thank you for this. May I ask, is a UK pint 20% more or less than a US pint? I’ve never known about this and I want to know more.
Is the unit in the jeans and t-shirt some random dude who walked in off the street, or did he actually attend a wedding in that? He's dancing like a cephalopod...
@USER …did you have a part in her crying though? @USER I DID NOT! ??
Amit killed those people. You should ask for his resignation rather. Narendra was not saying a word. If you want a bike, ask for a car.
@USER Some of my favourites  @USER   @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER to name a few ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER thanks so much ?
Loved this as a kid.
In hindsight it was completely mental though. *without my pants.
It isn’t the same contact per se, it’s just that the Govt agency responsible for myGov sends the messages from a name, and not a registered phone number. This makes impersonating them stupidly easy as you’ve seen.
Further, there’s no real global standards for verified SMS which increases the likelihood of people being phished. While Google has made some in-roads for their customers in select countries, it isn’t rolled out in Australia or other major nations. And Apple just keeps hoping more businesses will use their iMessage for business platform, but their rollout of it is as slow as a wet week. ^ good info.
It's sad to see our gov using SMS for MFA, it's a bad practice for several reasons.
The mygov scam emails/SMSes are quite common:  URL.
Gets jealous when I go to work. How else we gonna feed them? They never think through stuff like this do they.
@USER where. @USER Pl gurden pune.
Black card and penalty? @USER Surely linesman could have given a prompt..really believe we need qualified inter county referees as umpires for these games.
Is there anyone else on twitter today that didn't watch any of the pageantry on the TV. @USER Yes moi.
Ah yes, the extremely popular and frequently used light rail. Aka the damaged child of Melbourne's trams. What was Sydney thinking with that thing anyway? > What was Glady Koala Killer thinking with that thing anyway?
Fixed that for you my friend.
Are you Afraid to fly? I am. @USER Only when my arms are tired.
@USER Other subject sir g,plij. @USER Everything will be posted.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ah, Packie that’s magic. Some memories. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Remember we went there in 94 Paul.
@USER The house jocks would have loved it. @USER  @USER Racist! ????
@USER looks so nice.... @USER Amazing national park within the town.  Just need to acclimatise to the humidity.
@USER Happy birthday Fatboy !! @USER Thanks Reda ‼️‼️?
the whole concept of gita is so badass. so much wisdom for just arjun convincing him to fight given by badass vishnu himself who must have a million other ways to have his way leading to the vishwaroop has to be one of the most epic moments ever written. Yep, when I completed the whole book I was in love with Krishna and wanted to be with him forever in heaven.
Yeah, I'm hoping to by this year in Dublin, by myself, and new homes are a complete non-starter. There is no way I could afford any of them in Dublin. Just be rich, duh.
@USER Saves you what, £2,50?? @USER Was about £1.61 all in the jokers.
We are in Melbourne and nothing has changed at all. Went to Woolies today, no dramas. ??‍♀️. I just got back from our Coles in Melbourne and in the space of 24 hours:
-toilet paper gone
-pasta almost gone
-UHT milk gone
-tinned fruit low
-flour very low
-rice almost gone
-instant noodles almost gone
-muesli and cereals noticeably low
-almost all the big tins of tuna gone.
We are living through the government that our founders warned us about. @USER You mean the corrupt @GOP?
If you could run Brand  @USER for a day, what would you do differently? @USER  @USER I will arrange the pod cast with PM ,if  @USER doesn't like it then I will. Arrange with @harari_yuval.
Nothing better than a Sunday morning fry-up. Only question is… red sauce or brown?? ?? @USER U shouldn't need to ask that question it's brown ???
Apparently I went to the only school in the country that never served these. However:
> Turkey Twizzlers contained just 34% turkey; bulked up with water, pork fat, rusk, and coating, and loaded with additives, sweeteners, and flavourings. They were found to be made up of 21.2% fat when cooked
Mmmm, I'll give em a miss. Nah we never had them either. Had never even heard of them before pukka pants got on his high horse.
Open the Keystone Pipeline.
Build the wall.
Put America first. @USER Give it a effing rest.
Using GEICO. What's that?
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. If they had the capacity for reason, they wouldn't be bhakts. Save your time, ignore him.
What do people think the worst case scenario is with COVID-19? Like do people think we'll get the country shut down for two weeks or what? Genuine question, I know it's something the government/international bodies don't want to talk about yet/at all so I'm curious what people imagine it to be. Total societal shut down with hospitals bursting at the seams and people dying at home. I think it's likely. Look at italy for a glimpse into the future. 2000 cases in 10 days and they are struggling. Society will pause.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER China wouldn’t allow him to go nuclear.
I’ve heard it all now. Albanese has described himself as being “Economically Literate”. @USER Of course he is. Don't forget he said he was an economic adviser to Bob Hawke. Trouble is Bob didn't know that and neither did anybody else.
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER  @USER just for the record: YOU ARE NO LEADER! Shame on you!
Video or it didn't happen.
/s. Time machine with the ability to traverse all parallel universes otherwise it didn't happen...
My company have basically said we can work from home if we feel safer doing so... but only with our direct manager's approval.
But no one has the stones to make the first move on my team. Plenty of other teams have people at home now. But my team get the vibe our manager would be a bit shit if we started.
Honestly I would definitely feel safer. I can work 100% remote, and my office is  giant open plan with nearly 1000 people who are constantly travelling for work, so if this actually kicks off it'll be a fair nightmare for spreading. Just bite the bullet and ask better safe than sorry worst they can say is no.
@USER Bore bad…normal day to sit with guys drink. @USER  @USER And eat achu.
@USER Hey Vishal, there was a known issue that our engineers were able to sort out last night. How's your connection this morning? @USER Hello, thanks for getting back to me. Everything seem to be working find now. Thank you.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I do not believe that an obvious and fairly openly committed conspiracy happened to coincide with Epstein also deciding to take his own life.
You guys do realize that IT founders and scientists tend to be religious right? What.. ?, No
Being an IT guys or a scientists have nothing to do with being religious.
On the contrary, many scientists become atheistic overtime.
No, I will not give into the desire to mock a has been with negative opinions about current Star Trek, but I really do wonder what someone’s life is like when they spend it barfing gatekeeping nonsense on the internet. @USER He is literally the Fox News of fandom &amp; the person *most* in need of being quoted lines like —

SPOCK: “Are we so old that we have outlived our usefulness?”

&amp;

KIRK: “Come now, Mr. Scott. Young minds, fresh ideas. We must be tolerant!”

— if only he could grasp their meaning.
Same thing happened to me. 
I eventually found a stash under the sink. 
So nice to have the windows and doors open today. Just checked under the sink
No luck.
If you had to gift me the last thing you purchased, what would I be getting? @USER Lol ...sorry anti-diarrhea medicine.
Honestly, all celebrities. There are some who are truly educated about a topic and do a good job of spreading awareness. 
But those ones are vastly outnumbered by celebrities espousing politics and life tips as though they live in the same world as us— when the simple fact is: they don’t. I love Chrissy Tiegen, and she did an awesome Twitter Q&A about parts of her (and John Legend’s) life. It was super interesting, but really drives home how different celebrities live than regular people. 
Basically, do your own research. If someone says something you find interesting, look into it on your own and see what you can find. I agree. A lot of them are dumber than bricks. Others are 100% fake. You do have a few good ones, though, but they are far and few between.
They aren't bright enough to get into IIts/IIMs !
So they go abroad where anyone with money can buy a seat. Maybe they aren't bright enought to get into IITs and IIMs, but surely they will get much better education there.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER My memory was the conference last year too fi! What a rollercoaster of a year it’s been ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It certainly has been!
Calling it a 'Frey Bentons' pie is bad enough. Eurgh, just realised. Im gonna blame my auto correct  and not my poor proof reading.
How to fuck your business, 101. Petty shit like that puts you on peoples' "never go there' list.
We are living through the government that our founders warned us about. @USER No, that was the last administration.
India is a rogue nation of RSS Hindutva. ISIS if it was Hindu basically.
Well as an Irish man to you: thank you for taking those shitty jobs none of us want?? Hey if it wasn't for old Wojtek that works at the sketchy car mechanics down the road you wouldn't have passed the NCT.
Gotta commit to the lie. 
Youngish (25-30) guy, what I think is his mum and a mate come to door. Main guy p1 is up first. 
After ID checks etc 
B1 “I need to do a quick search if that’s ok before I can get you in here”
P1 “yea of course, go ahead”
B1 direct to the little pocket you get on jeans. And pull out a bag of again cocaine. 
P1 just stares at me blankly and then asks “ok am I ok to go in then?”
B1 “no sorry mate you’re in possession of drugs you’re not coming in here”
P1 “ohh that’s not mine”
B1 “who’s is it”
P1 “I don’t know” 
P2 and P3 look on in astonishment. Obviously unaware this guy does coke.
To spare you from an Inane back and forth that followed this as he was 100% adamant it wasn’t his, he don’t know how it got there. (I did confirm they were indeed his trousers just in case) still staring blankly. B2 and B3 are dying with laughter as it’s beyond silly now but he’s so committed to the lie it’s almost admirable. 
Eventually his mum got his arm and dragged him off up the road. URL.
@USER Ahh cmon fam why you gotta do us dirty like that ?? @USER  @USER Where is SS these days?
Because they look so cute when they waddle in their tuxedos. That’s fair.
Islam is cancer. It must be banned in India. P.S: I hate RSS too. It must be banned too. All religions, religion affiliated 
organizations must be banned for a decade. This is such a stupid idea we don't need to ban shit....just show people it doesn't make sense instead.... Convince them.... More and more people are turning atheists anyways.... Religion is going to have a slow death till the end of the century.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER That is a beautifullly preserved old station, I could hardly believe my eyes. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It is Indeed ?
Do join  @USER and me on  @USER at 9 am. On all matters EU and of course Northern Ireland. 

And to all remainers who feared so chlorinated chicken but now want a deal with the US: Northern Ireland’s place in the UK trumps your new found sensibilities. @USER  @USER  @USER Remainers want a deal with the US? News to me....
#BrexitBrokeBritain.
@USER Dwayne misses the point by 100 light years. @USER I didn’t bother finding out more about what was said,he ain’t worth listening to.
@USER I stopped smoking Cohibas once the Macassar stopped being made. Also the Comandor is my favorite one but it’s no longer being made. @USER Well sheesh. I guess I may have been correct ony hesitation. Oh well, I'm sure these will be well worth the price.
On demand Hyderabad's luxury hostels/pg's/hostels helper.. #Hyderabad

My Charges are below... In note.. 

NOTE : my charge is only ₹999 which is non-refundable and need to be paid before starting the process. If you are OK with it then only WhatsApp or call me on 9000539552. #Hyderabad #SingleOccupancy #doublesharing #womenhostel #menhostels #PGS #payingguest #womenshostel #security #hostel #workingwomenspg #Hyderabad #luxury #hitechcity #madhapur #gachibowli #corporate #Kondapur #mumbai #delhi #noida #bangalore #jaipur #maharashtra #tamilnadu.
Such a short term outlook by the governing bodies. The sport gets so much more exposure and interest (and new fans) by being on free to air, terrestrial TV. Cricket hemorrhaged fans when it went from Channel 4 to Sky years ago, same with Formula 1. I used to go every year to Hockenheim. Had my fixed ticket in the Südtribüne, awesome seats. Favourite memory was Irvine winning and Jordan coming third in 99. Brilliant weekends mixing with great fans from all over. Once it went behind a paywall I lost interest totally, stopped going as I no longer watched. Couldn't even tell you the teams in F1 now outside the old regulars.
I really hope the same doesn't happen to the rugby now.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER thanks murder so that'll be SNP for me like most of Scotland.
@USER We don’t need this crap here!  @USER time for an inquiry in to media diversity and dominance. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes an inquiry from a left wing government to crush all media that isn't blatantly left wing because we care  about diversity and democracy ?
Cashless Bail MUST be REPEALED!

Judges need discretion to weigh dangerousness.

Criminals shouldn’t be able to chop up tables &amp; walls of a McDonald’s, swinging the hatchet wildly at customers, &amp; be released from custody before the fries get cold.

We must take back our streets! @USER What about the group of guys that were beating on him first?  Shouldn’t they have been arrested as well?
When something is a demonic cycle in your life- you can't counsel it- you must be delivered from it by the blood of Jesus! @USER I am delivered of known and unknown demonic attacks in Jesus precious mighty name amen and amen.
Apologies for jumping in, and downvote it all, if you like. I’m not Irish, but seeing as this thing gets global: We have been through bird and swine flu, the pneumonia, and now this. Not to mention Ebola. And here we all are. It’s not like we have a plague on our hands and as far as I know it’s not the Middle Ages. I heart all the people who lost their loved ones. It is a great tragedy. But isn’t it getting a bit out of hand? I dont know the parade is a bit of a plague haha, but I do agree we shouldnt cancel it for covid-19 I dont remember covids 1-18 so they couldnt have been that bad.
Ah the old 'I've dropped my sweets' dilemma, do you scrabble around and pick them up putting them in the bag because you'll bin them later (liar); do you kick them under the nearest seat or hide them under your feet/bag until you can make a hasty exit; do you break down in tears at the latest shit hand life has dealt you?
Or do you just sit on the floor and eat them whilst making eye contact with all around you daring them to challenge your need for sugary goodness? I spilled a tiny bit of coke on the empty seat next to me and I had nothing to dry it up with, and because the seat was kind of waterproof it wouldn't soak, so I just had to desperately hope no one sat there until I could get off.
@USER  @USER All fairly untapped quantities. If anything I feel Duzza has the heart and effort instilled so just reckon he’s gonna come on nicely next year. HJ was glowing in 2021 but had injuries this year which clearly ruined his self confidence. He could be anything.
Cox I’m not sold. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes, a fit and confident HJ could be anything.
Raw with mayo. Try rubbing a bit of oil. 10x better.
Q4. What is the refresh rate of the #GalaxyZFlip3 display?
A. 60Hz
B. 90Hz
C. 80Hz
D. 120Hz
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q4) D. 120Hz ?

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
I don't think I've ever stopped someone from doing anything ever, unless it was to stop them from annoying me, but even then it wouldn't have stopped them. So no. What an appallingly uncivic attitude to have.
Damn, for a sec i thought its from a videogame. lol I thought this was modded Morrowind at first.  Think its the way the sky looks in the background.
I don’t follow AFL, (as well as soccer or rugby or union or any other ball sport).
I wouldn’t know half the teams in the league. I don’t care who wins or loses. I hate how it takes up half the newspaper on a Monday, and was excited for electronic news- so I can skip past it. 
I wouldn’t recognise a single player, and never watch or listen to a game. Actually I don’t think a sporting game has ever been watched by either myself or my kids in our house. 
We play sport, we are all good at sport and all games but don’t care to watch others play it. No one in Brisbane follows AFL except 1st & 2nd generation immigrants from Melbourne.
I’m a yuge fan of consistency. @USER As am i.
I always believed that Partitioned shouldn’t have happened and we should have been all living in one unified india. I am a Pakistani living in Los Angeles and have a lot of Indian friends. 
Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan. It would have been quite hard for a party like bjp to ever come to power... If we were united.... Problem is Muslims have no majority state they are fragmented across the subcontinent had there been states like Muslim dominated east bengal Sindh punjab and kashmir... Not sure if Balouch would have joined this shit would have never happened.... Altho our democracy should have made sure that this should have never been a case but well nothing is perfect and sadly it has come to this...
@USER I discovered mine at 52! Go for it! ❤️. @USER Amazing! Would love to know what it was, if you wouldn't mind sharing? ?
@USER Did no one at #cpfc plan for the inevitability of this? @USER You would hope someone might have done. Risk assessment and all that.
Rolled jiujitsu against a dude weighing 115kg tonight (I’m around 73kg). Was like trying to sweep a boulder. My attacks didn’t go well, but I survived 2 rounds with the guy, as he tried to figure a way around my (desperate) defence. @USER This is exactly how I ended up with 41 staples in my shoulder.
My cat. Aww :).
Can't get it without being anti-national. Nah , everyone will get it.
Why is the HSE so incompetent? My girlfriends mam works in a school and they have a student coming back from a trip to Italy.
They got advice from the HSE who told them if she feels fine just let her attend classes. Are they actually that incompetent? What are they supposed to do?
Realistically they can't close everywhere.
People still need to go to work to get paid.
We still need medication and foods.
I maybe next time I should fly out from London Birmingham. Don't take the easy route, go from Glasgow London Airport.
Fuck yeah. Means I don’t have to ration my toilet paper anymore whenever I have a pull. Yikes!!!
Lordt. It's not even 7am and someone's already crying at work...

Not me. @USER Sad part is going on everywhere.
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER Can be your boy friend.
Two data points in isolation are not a trend. Was the decline consistent over that 10-year period or was that a single-year anomaly?
It's no different than saying that the average world temperature was the same in 2007 as it was in 2019, therefore climate change isn't real.
Need more information. Even if claim costs falling in 2018 was a blip, why hasn't any of that been passed on to consumers in 2018 or 2019?
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER People I consider friends haven't come near me since Mammy died in January. It really hurts.
I think it's a serious threat to our society. But I've known quite a few still think it's just a flu. Same. It makes me quite angry that many outlets, including the BBC, previously compared it to seasonal flu, when know that the case fatality rate is much higher. As a result, I’m having a hard time convincing my 75 year old father, who has heart issues, to take it seriously...
All of them. You beat me by 4 min, I like you dark friend.
28F is old? What the fuck is wrong with the society today?
Tinder is for fuck boys like us. Would be hard to get what you’re looking for but it’s not impossible.
Aisle is paid and so the crowd is more serious. Yup planning to try Aisle!
How far away from a vaccine? I read somewhere 18 months, that includes the time it takes to test. Then someone on RTE news said it could be as soon as December this year.
Usually in a car with 12 doors, all of which need to be slammed. Number of times that my son is woken by some prick who doesn't even live in our road (claims he is allowed to park there because his mum lives about 200 yards down the road and he has to leave his noisy diesel van there for safety reasons) is beyond belief. I have been out and had this out with him and he now parks outside some other poor saps house.
Hotspot from your phone. Immensely easier. This is the correct answer. If you can’t afford the data to do this, then perhaps it’s time to reevaluate your addiction.
@USER What if it is a Nifty NFT? @USER  @USER Unacceptable.
Is it rudeness or is it honesty? @USER Honesty.
Don't worry, rugby fans can easily afford Sky. One less ivory back-scratcher. Believe it or not. The great unwashed also enjoy rugby. It’s one of the few sports we are good at.
@USER I see nothing but love in this photo. @USER ?
Parents used to go fossicking for gold decades back on weekends, would pull a couple of hundy with a homemade sluice box every trip. Can't remember the exact place - somewhere between Bathurst and Hill End. What I remember most was the absurd amount of flies and red belly black snakes. 
Took the dog with us once. Was sick from all the fly eating. She couldn't help herself.. I've heard Hill end is good for gold. I've only ever hunted there though. Wasn't into fossicking last time I went.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. So what's the conspiracy theory? Why would this behavior occur?
@USER  @USER Super cute Nani bangaram. @USER  @USER Hi.
@USER Great picture. @USER Thanks Helen.
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER @PeterObi, your people are so desperate that they planted people to be forcing bus drivers to buy ticket by force and start recording them.

If you go so low sir, we will go 18 feets with you. 

 @USER  @USER  @USER @kofoshiomogeeko.
> Reviewer. Theatre. TV. Film
Sure, but it sounds like you've got quite the back log of movies because this one came out about 3 and a half years ago. ? the state of this twatter profile...
Tell me you ain’t never had it like this…. @USER Never.
Started feeling difficulty in swallowing and then after a few hours , voila! Pharyngitis !
Just one day before exam sickness is just the cherry on the icing of my not so good preparation for the cake that's gonna be my results. oh i know that feel bro, once i had this head hammering viral fever and exams ke beech me vo bhi.
People say this every year. We've only been saying it since 2016. Remember when 2016 started with a load of celebrities dying? Then Brexit, then Trump. The celebrity deaths culminated with George Michael and Carrie Fisher in December. Seriously go look at all the amazing musicians and actors that died in 2016. Ever since then the world has gone fucking mental.
J Sea B. nizlopsea.
Cheap supermarket bacon is overseas pork, processed here into bacon. Cheap shitty product, buy local. I make mine out of Pork Bellies, hang it in the garage.  It's probably fairly salty. I used to use Nitrite to get it pink but just use plain salt now as the butchers don't like giving it out.
@USER ???????? bravo Calvin, you shook the bushes and some dumb asses fell out ? @USER ??? now that’s funny.
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. Wow!
I work on ski resorts in the winter so maybe I can add to this conversation from a different perspective. Not that I'm justifying a ski holiday being superior to any other kind of holiday or that it's the best choice in relation to a curriculum. However, the school prompting a decision from the parents allows the child to have an experience they may not otherwise ever have. If given the choice, a family holiday will likely be a sun holiday. Colder weather at a higher cost isn't usually compelling if the norm is a sunny, sandy beach. 
Skiing and snowboarding (amongst many, many other sports one can do in snowy and mountainous regions) are incredibly fun sports wholly unique from most activities easily available in Ireland. This, coupled with the company of a child's closest friends could make for the holiday of a lifetime and could even create a love for the sport across the family. If it's feasible for a family without causing any financial issues then I think it's absolutely worth it. 
I don't want to write for ages and make this wall of text any larger, I could talk at length about all the different aspects but I just want to offer an alternative perspective. Interesting yes, it does have its merits for the kids alright.
Our old neighbour used to have a Nissan skyline he used to rev the shit out of between 5am and 6.30am every damn day. I thought it would stop when he swapped it for a land rover discovery 3 but nope. He would rev the shit out of that too and then leave it to "warm up". Where he parked used to be more or less directly under my bedroom window. He was such a wanker. So glad we moved. I don't understand why people can be so selfish.
"Once a crim always a crim" 
Unless you're good at footy. Ben Cousins wants a word.
Can those Federer fans in the disguise of journalists retire together with Federer?

The worst thing that Federer has brought to tennis is almost everyone in this industry put their Federer fandom over moral &amp; work ethics, fawning over him while smearing others (mainly Djokovic). @USER Rafa &amp; Roger earned their fan love &amp; journalists’ respect. Most commentators admire Novax play &amp; support him.Few can ignore his rageful vibe &amp; uniquely unpleasant court behavior. No #1 in history ever got defaulted from a slam for hurting a linesperson or racket smash @ Olympics!
@USER  @USER By quitting, he is making twitter a better place tbh !! @USER  @USER  @USER We need more people like you 

#MedTwitter.
Wouldn't it be a lovely gesture if the electricity bills for the businesses giving the emergency services, journalists, and volunteers, free refreshments in #Creeslough was paid for them.
Any idea how this could be organised so that people could donate some money? @USER What a great idea Val.
You bought it. And used a massive chunk of the body wash...
@USER good l o r d. @USER I like pins ?
Me. We learned in science class.
I'm waiting for the day when he messages, 'This Sunday, thinking of giving up my position as the Prime Minister of India. Will keep you all posted.'. I hope his downfall is not dignified. It should not be that easy for him that he just steps down just like that.
@USER  @USER  @USER I'm from Limerick. Limk Reg Hosp Ed has been like that as long as I can remember! And closing Ennis and Nenagh EDs resulted in the predicted clusterf**k. Friends, who have been in the ED, have had horror stories for years. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Same in Olol Drogheda. Navan, Dundalk, Drogheda cottage hosp and Monaghan all downgraded. I spent Sunday evening and night on a trolley in a+e. Scanned Monday morning, 2 brain aneurysms sent to Beaumont. Was grand till last night. Nothing happens at weekends apparently ?
Bit worried about it actually. Work in health care and I have asthma.   If I do get it. I am going to be as sick as anything. Fingers crossed you don't! I work in retail and surrounded by people who decide that shopping is the best idea when suffering with colds and sickness bugs. A bit like the health care sector cos I worked there too!
@USER At least it wasn’t comfort gems. @USER Omg can you imagine!!!
An unmitigated disaster - but the left wont care, they are so blinded by irrational hatred they cant see the massive gain every group of citizens has made in the last 3 years.
I genuinely feel sorry for that level of delusion. What makes you say that it will be an unmitigated disaster?
So Mahua Moitra was the one who said this? Can anyone confirm this? I have seen this quote floating around on FB, Twitter, WhatsApp for weeks. Some of my friends shared this with me a month ago. This was on her story, probably Insta.
@USER Modric and Viduka. @USER Makes sense. Pretty sure Viduka was born in Croatia.
Are bouncers allowed to search inside your underwear?
Asking for a friend. Very short answer is no. 
Longer answer : can’t be bothered to type it out without context. Did a bouncer actually search your “friends” pants and you want to know if that was ok?
The system IS broken. This crap government has no oversight - it is the one good thing they’ve done: shown us we need a backup plan for when the Govt and GG fail us. But yes, change the flag too. The lack of oversight has nothing to do with constitutional monarchism. What an odd suggestion. 
An independent corruption body can be implemented in any system.
Can't remember the title, basically a guy is up for a promotion, so him and his wife have the boss over for dinner and they are talking about the promotion. The husband notices his boss looking at his wife and he convinces her to let the boss do her in the kitchen to get the promotion. He sits in the dining room while it happens. Well...... He doesn't get the promotion, husband kills himself, the lady gets back to the guy by sleeping with dudes son and getting him into a lot of trouble. The scene in the kitchen was what messed me up the most. Think the name of the movie was "Scorned" or something. Just that description is enough. Pass.
URL 
&#x200B;
some sample survey. So the same Indian American's who support Modi, support the Democrats?
Sorry RTÉ but with two SA teams I have to switch to the SA commentary. See you at half time.

#STOvBUL. @USER The SA commentary has just announced that the referee is Irish.  Great.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Richard Edward.
You’ll need to phone the number and ask for a reset. This. Also the codes usually only last 14days.
PolitiFact "fact-checked" President Trump almost 6 times as often as they do Joe Biden.

Now you know why Americans don't trust fact-checkers. @USER Because trump lies 30x more often than Biden. Pretty simple, really.
>How when he was looking for partners to play Badminton, most hindu groups didn't take him in but the Muslim guys welcomed him with open arms.
What? Not in religious sense. It's like a new badminton player comes and existing players don't want newbies in their group. Meant that.
Guess we'll need to legalise polyamorous marriages then. I mean, technically you can buy a house with as many cosignees as you want.
That's damn shitty of Hugo Boss, what on earth with the chaps in the corner shop and the kebab shop call us now? Ma man.
Black mambas?  He can get fucked.  We have Taipans thank you very much. Exactly! This guy kept getting increasingly annoyed at the fact that Australia is not paved with the blood of millions of people being slaughtered by kangaroos. He thinks that the amount of death kangaroos cause every year is equivocal to the amount of death caused by gun violence in America per year.
Water and Mio drink mix. No sugar, plus you're drinking water. Interesting have you tried this?
I always believed that Partitioned shouldn’t have happened and we should have been all living in one unified india. I am a Pakistani living in Los Angeles and have a lot of Indian friends. 
Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan. > Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan.
Well you should learn history of Pakistan and Bangladesh. Jinnah was right when he said Muslims and Hindus cannot live together but only half. Punjabi Muslims couldn't even peacefully live with Bengali Muslims and they had an entire country between them.
Pick up a brick walkover to them and smack the biggest smirking one in the bollocks. I remember playing WWE Here comes the Pain, on PS2. You would be disqualified for hitting someone with a chair but you could throw the chair and if it hit the opponent it was fair play.
Why though?, did she go anywhere is she Italian or Chinese,  the fuck. Just get out of there and do them for racism. Unacceptable. My mam is a supervisor for care assistants in the local area, she's not been on holiday and she's white British.
She's living with 2 other people so she's going to find out if they have had the same email.
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Gambling - a curse for so many.
I was scared initially because I wasn't sure how the stock market would react.  I lost money when the stock market dropped massively in the past few weeks.  Got out of those positions, switched mindsets, and now I'm back to making money.  In fact, coronavirus spreading has actually benefitted me.  Not saying that is a good thing, just trying to make the most of a bad situation. I have had people comment about the economy and i agree with you, while other parts dropped massively other parts rose, however i am interested to know now what your oppinion is on the actual virus and a possible mass outbreak?
@USER Do u still facebook? Well I quit 7 years back.Its so boring. @USER Not for Actors ...
Just make sure you cover your mouth... I do I make sure to always wash my hands aswell.
Had my Autumn covid booster this morning and thought I’d got away without any issues. Fast forward 12 hours and I can barely move my arm ??‍♀️. Had the worst night. Finally fell to sleep around 6am ?, it’s really knocked me about again, and there was me getting cocky.
i notice it looks much better coming in than going out. your ancestors were truly the pioneers of the australian gold rush.
@USER Just wait until people don’t hit on them ? @USER Lmfao I’m definitely muting all of it.
Wrong question. Western cities have a dramatically higher per-capita civic spend. Indian cities get by on a fraction of those budgets. 
You wont claim that Bill Gates is more environment friendly than you because he makes space for a 100 trees in his home. 
Western cities 'look' beautiful because they can afford massive budgets to maintain them. Indian cities dont have the luxury so everything is utilitarian. This is such a bullshit argument. Beauty isn't spending money on ornate 17th century French design. It's about good workmanship, carefully made and executed plans, ergonomics, clean and comforting colour choices etc.
Hell, some of this can be enforced with municipal codes and regulation.
Brutalism has been a fashion choice for the past few decades all over the world and India still takes the cake on ugly.
The materials we use right now can absolutely be used to make beautiful buildings. Just get better quality labour and spend some money on a competent architect.
So is there a set annual date for these things or is it more whenever they reach a certain number, like once they have a thousand or so people? I think they have about 3 a year, maybe moving between Killarney and the Convention Centre. A few of the women in work have gone become citizens in the last 2 years. 
The Polish woman had to go to Killarney which she wasn't happy about, but she's also rarely happy.
@USER My ‘Chicken a la Benylin’ is famous in my house. @USER Could be the thing that tempts me back to meat eating.
What if the wheels on the bus didn't go round and round? @USER Up and down?
Cashless Bail MUST be REPEALED!

Judges need discretion to weigh dangerousness.

Criminals shouldn’t be able to chop up tables &amp; walls of a McDonald’s, swinging the hatchet wildly at customers, &amp; be released from custody before the fries get cold.

We must take back our streets! @USER What about the group of guys that were beating on him first?  Shouldn’t they have been arrested as well?
Is it rudeness or is it honesty? @USER Honesty.
@USER Many thanks Lorraine. @USER I forgot to mention that it was an MSc in Dementia care that you graduated with  ?
As an avid Brit, and a manager of a restaurant, this part is never as straight forward as it should be. Some people want to sit for ever and actually have to be told that other people need to be sat on that table, others are desperate to leave as soon as they have put their cutlery down, and no one knows how to say what they’re after. That said if your table’s been cleared, and you’ve not ordered/been offered anything else, then someone should’ve dealt with payment. > others are desperate to leave as soon as they have put their cutlery down
I'm one of those most of the time, other than with one specific set of friends who like to do the post-prandial chat thing (they're both from mainland Europe tho, so maybe that's why). I try to be polite about it however it turns out though - if I'm waiting for the bill (or the card machine to pay the bill) I try to be as obvious as possible - to the point of putting on my jacket and playing with my debit card.
This is literally just click bait, I mean look at that title, its an article just to make people angry.
I mean, we have embassy's of Saudi Arabia, Iran, Afghanistan ect, all of which execute people for being gay. Why are we not outraged at them? Many, many other countries also imprison gays and we still have ties with them. What about countries accused of war crimes and genocide? 
The only thing in this article that makes it any different is that a well known highly disliked conservative Australian has helped in the process of setting it up. The embassies you listed are acknowledged by DFAT as official embassies but the acceptance of an embassy isn't a sanction of that nations conduct by any government anyway. This "consulate" is not recognised by DFAT and is self designated. Notice that the premier or any ministers of the government aren't present. The consulate will be nothing more than a phone number and a part time receptionist and given Barundi's importance and relevance, I doubt there will be much for them to do.
Avoid zero days, do something that helps you move forward at least once a day. It can be as simple as doing laundry, cooking, cleaning. Whatever, do at least one thing once a day that helps you. 
Exercise 
Read- someone smarter than you figured out what you’re trying to figure it out and odds are they wrote it down.
I got this advice from another reddit post, really helped me. For me it's quite the opposite, I have to throw in some zero days where I can just relax and regain some energy (both for my mind as well as getting some physical rest).
@USER ଜନ୍ମ ଦିନରେ ବହୁତ ବହୁତ ଶୁଭେଚ୍ଛା ଆଉ ଶୁଭ କାମନା ?????? @USER ଅଶେଷ ଅଶେଷ ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ ?
Some student ID's don't have an expiration date, so if you didn't have to register for a student leap through  college, you could in theory buy a student ticket forever.
It's in the T&C's for Luas that you need a student leap to have a student ticket that is valid for travel, onus is on you to have a valid ticket for travel.
I'd say An Post will find you no bother.
As an aside, if you are that stuck for food Brother Kevin gives out free food parcels every Wednesday from 9am-11:30am I believe. Nothing fancy, but has all staples. That's a good point about the expiry date.  While my card has a date on it, I hadn't thought about the validity of other student cards. I guess if an post can find me I should suck it up and pay the fine.
Thanks for the tip about brother Kevins.  I'll check it out. I usually budget better than this and am not usually this broke, but a series of misfortunes and injuries left me unable to work for some months, which drained most of my savings. I'm getting back on track now though.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER Miles out.
Retype EVERY PARTY.
my party would b called OHPIG.
only honest party in GOV.
Are they some sort of um, niche club or brothel? That could explain the $50/hr pre-checkin fee!
Hi if someone bought you Chick-fil-A would you eat it or throw it in the garbage? @USER I’d  eat the fries if I was hungry.
Government to Scientists: urine trouble. Hands where I can see them. /r/punpatrol requesting backup.
@USER Heading to Stove for anniversary dinner, which is next door to Northern Lights, so keeping my fingers crossed. @USER Fab, happy anniversary ?
You can just say fuck. Punctuation would change the sentence.
'You can just say, fuck' - exasperated.
'You can just say fuck!' - implying OP is a fuck
'You can, just say fuck' - say it bud!
@USER Oh damn, that looks well mint and factory quality. Love the shading. Well done man! @USER Thanks man. Going to tackle some Orks next ?
song was such a banger. Is such a banger, excuse me.
Here is my conspiracy theory
I think that IB officer who died in delhi riots, know something of important and tortured to get that information. Delhi riots are being used as cover up for his death. Ye thoda zyada merko lag raha hain.
@USER Awwww man! That’s so lovely! @USER I love my father so much. This is why I'm by default soft. And this is why I have the faith that I can do everything I touch and sadness will not consume me.

To this minute he wipes my tears.
The only reason why I choose life still.
God knew I'd need one soft thing in this life.
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER No matter how long it takes falsehood to journey truth will prevail and overpass it. Their messiah has gotten to a free slope that may slide him into political obscurity IRE O.
@USER  @USER I (and many vegetarians) like the taste of meat, but don't want animals to be slaughtered for it ? @USER  @USER ??
Flamingo Nosebleed is my favorite weird band name. i love these guys now.
Have you ever been roasted by your Bestfriend? @USER Every day.
Parents of children aged 3-8, is everything in your house broken? @USER Yes ?
My kids are aged 7-13. Thought we were past the worst of it and was even started to contemplate replacing a very worn sofa. Completely destroyed again this week by major kid drink spill ?- think we’ll wait another few years ?
Don't go near them, they are really dangerous!
source - am dangerous bird expert :). > am dangerous bird expert
As in...an expert on dangerous birds, or a bird expert who is dangerous?
I need more tattoos:(. @USER What tats have you got ??
The secret is to count your calories for everything you eat. Calories in - calories out. If you eat an actual portion of ice cream, that’s maybe like 120 calories which isn’t too bad. But if you eat the entire tub or a full bowl you’re in trouble. If you’re looking for casual snacks: veggies. I do celery with low calorie ranch, cherry tomatoes, broccoli, or carrots. I can eat so much for a relatively low amount of calories and it’s very satisfying. Also cut out all soda or drinks except water. Counting calories as a strategy to lose weight generally never works.   
Plus your eating low calorie ranch,  which is probably worse for your health at the end of the day.
Yes. There are lots of people who find what they want on dating apps. 
I for one, have found the love of my life. We're gonna get married in the foreseeable future. 
Also, I've seen enough posts on r/tinder where people have married each other after meeting on tinder. 
It all depends on you. Make it clear initially what you're looking for and you will find it. 
PS : 28 isn't old. You're going to be a hit on those apps. :). That's awesome man! Congratulations!
Reptiles. ?
Schofield and Willoughby say they didn't jump queue when they did. @USER Jibbers.
It's not illegal in the end though is it? Lnp voters won't know or simply won't care. They only care about protecting their negative gearing. Every lnp voter i know tells me that's why they vote for them. 
Nothing, not even their children's future outside of this property bubble matter. Lnp could shoot poor ppl in televised safaris and i bet if the opposition promised a 50% cut in property they would stay with lnp. Actually, I suspect due to it being changed during caretaker period, and then signed as an earlier date, it quite probably isn't. Like that changes anything at this point though.
The Corona virus was man made to cause the economy to collapse. Thus giving the Democrats a chance at winning the 2020 election. Really?  You think that’s “too logical to ignore”?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good morning ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Sir Ji,

Very Very Good Afternoon ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
Winning Streak never moved on from the 80s. RTE never moved on from the 80's.
All the Paddington Bear gifts and marmalade sandwiches the Queen received reminds me of the time I said that the snow baby ornaments where kind of cute to my mum, then she told everyone and for the next fuck ton of years every fecker bought me snow baby ornaments. @USER That’s snow joke! Has it left you a bit flaky?
@USER  @USER  @USER Outfits plural is setting a high bar I didn't know I needed match. @USER  @USER  @USER Yeah thongs and singlets don’t cut it in Melbourne lol ?
@USER Per the 2018 commuter rail counts put out by the T, there were an average of 126 people using the three Weston stations in total per weekday.  You want to build this for 126 people? @USER  @USER we want to build it so more than 126 people are using it.
@USER A beautiful partial melanistic Leopard. There is another partial melanistic one at Pench -Madhya Pradesh too ? @USER Good info.
I'd say it'll be sickening. It'll go viral.
Or hand sanitizers on amazon sells for £14, LITTLE FUCKING BOTTLES. If you fancy making your own it's relatively cheap and easy. All the ingredients are cheap and in stock in eBay and Amazon.
I've ordered enough to make a litre + and bottles to put it in for around £30.
WHO Recipe:  URL.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed in this senseless massacre at the nursery in Thailand. Thai people are peace loving with a beautiful nature, which makes this crime even more difficult to comprehend. @USER People are genuinely upset for the families in Thailand who are grieving the death of their innocent loved ones. Truly a horrifying, senseless loss of so many lives. 
However I do question the sincerity of Peter Dutton's words when he is trying to show 'his nicer, caring'side.
@USER It's cruel and it's false. @USER Just lazy. My aunt quit smoking young, ate like an athlete in training, and ran all over her NH farm. My mother never smoked, loved sweets, ran all over the  Methuen Mall. My grandfather got sober, never stopped moving, ate what he could afford. They were dealt their destiny.
True. Back in 1993 or the IM run from 2004-2007, the bombings felt unfair because neither governments nor society supported babri. Babri was carried out by what was seen as a fringe extremist group, but everybody in society paid the price. I have no problem calling those bombings terrorism.
But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism. Government, judiciary, media, police, bulk of hindu society itself - are arrayed against them. If they are forced into a fight they didn't want in the first place, it's not terrorism but resistance. Bhagat Singh might have thrown bombs, but he was not a terrorist - he was a resistance fighter. >But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism
Am sorry say this here(might even get banned), but these are early sings of getting radicalized, please seek help asap.
Tis long riddled. Our local wan was in fookin January. Also, got a nice skirt.
@USER We prohibit the sale of free tickets to public events. However, now that the event is over and the tickets can no longer be used for entry, they may be sold as memorabilia. Since Queen Elizabeth II's funeral has now passed, we are no longer removing these items. ~Kim. @USER I still think it’s disrespectful.
I’ll be 62 in 15mins #Ians62. Ian. @USER  @USER Ready on your mark … get set … now RUN away lol ?
@USER Question regarding the Norman teacher that remains unanswered.  Was she or was she not removed from her class that day?  That’s the real ask. @USER And you’re taking the press release from Norman Public Schools as factual to say she was fired for making political statements rather than sharing the book code.  The school took a lot of bad press and it appears they are trying hard to rewrite the narrative.
Dear  @USER please understand that it’s not allowed to call people who are under DND. Whenever we visit your site, you people are tracking us and we see you calling us. This is not appropriate.  @USER  @USER please take necessary action. Your executive Karishma. Just called while I was on your site and this is shocking that how can you track and trace like this. No more dealing with ICICI Pru henceforth.
Loved the first year of the URC.

South African teams have literally changed the game.

Brilliant. @USER Yes agreed @thepaulwilliams, the URC will have a different focus next year and hope the Welsh regions get the support they need from the @WelshRugbyUnion.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER Shameful and embarrassing.
You are still making "Australia Day" about the British monarchy so I don't think changing the date to today is going to fly with the people protesting about the current date... of course I don't think any date is going to suit them. Nah, I’m making it about parliamentary and judicial sovereignty, not the monarchy. The Queen can stay in England and have fuck all to do with Australia, thanks.
Australia is a de facto republic anyway (‘commonwealth’ is actually a synonym for ‘republic’) and while I’d like to become a real republic, I reckon the Australia Acts are way more constitutionally important to us as a sovereign country than the arrival of the first fleet.
Goood Morning ?? woke up at 4, glad I was able to go back to sleep! Calling my dr office again.. still feeling bad. They are ignoring me?#hopeyouhaveagreatday. @USER Wishing you a good day and a FAST appointment!
Bring on transfer rumours atleast #LFC. @USER Valverde.
@USER He’s correct Colin. @USER  @USER It wont get through Wm and if it does it'll just increase UK economic woes. NI will lose southern and EU trade even without border customs.
If you're in a city with time to kill, what's the first thing you do? @USER Find a bar.
Here you go mate, hope you're good at chemistry: 
 URL. You'd have to be high to want to do this, I mean really.
Start your day off right, with the stimulating news that Alex Jones is no longer allowed to run his InfoWars company, per a federal bankruptcy judge.

ENJOY! @USER I Feel Better Already ??
@USER जन्मदिन की हार्दिक बधाई, मैम. @USER Thank you so much?
@USER Is that a full Irish? @USER Lacking a potato cake.
I thought one of them was a disgraced drunk driver, and would never work in TV again. Nah British public love ‘our’ ant and dec too much to care what a disgrace one of them is.
Do new episodes come on Monday or Tuesday? Tuesday.
Cashless Bail MUST be REPEALED!

Judges need discretion to weigh dangerousness.

Criminals shouldn’t be able to chop up tables &amp; walls of a McDonald’s, swinging the hatchet wildly at customers, &amp; be released from custody before the fries get cold.

We must take back our streets! @USER  @USER New York City is lost. Put a fence up along the Hudson and keep Snake Plisken on speed dial for emergencies.
Manmeet is strong but not rude Raj is funny but not a fool. Both are responsible and it is a mature love story. Outstanding episode 12 #SherdilShergill. @USER Loving the show. DD and surbhi are rocking. What a comic timing ?
URL 
Just need to time it properly! Just be careful not to wank the whole business away.
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER And DC also. It’s not fair the way it is now.
From next season, the next generation Chevrolet Camaro will replace the Holden Commodore, while the next generation Mustang will line up for Ford. Much of Australia’s recent history has been tied up in the ‘Ford Vs Holden’ rivalry, with households split evenly for a long time. So sad to see it go!
Stupid. You can't spell stupid without tape.
Sapien says, “tomorrows exam can fuck off.”. Padh lo.
>I am going to butcher our National Anthem.
I'd say you've no need to worry about fitting in. Sinne Fianna Fáil... (minute of mumbling)... SEO LIBH CANAIG AMHRÁN NA BHFIANN!!!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Is Sally still on the Gravy Bus? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER She’s on something, that’s for sure ????
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Yeah, Pretty much. I feel like here in Brissy we get Summer, Summer, Autumn, Spring. There's that rainier period, and that windy period, and the month where you can actually wear jeans during the day, but otherwise it's thongs, shorts and a singlet.
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER Throw him in prison too.
@USER What a couple in films and what a cuple it would be in real life if married. @USER  @USER Nonsense.
Amitabh married Jaya out of his own volition on 3rd June 1973.
Do Anjane was released in 1976.
If only Rekha had some scruples...
@USER  @USER  @USER We are heading your way on Sunday Neil will Craft be open? @USER  @USER  @USER We are - a soft re-opening with homemade Quiche, Rosscarbery Sausage Rolls, cakes, scones and Stone Valley coffee. 10-5pm.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER Scary times John.
In an emergency kitchen towel will also suffice. Nah, that stuff clogs up toilets in no time. It's designed to NOT disintegrate when it gets wet. The exact opposite of what bog roll needs to do.
Getting your DNA sequenced in the USA by a random by mail corporation just to find out if you’re “exotic” in any way is stupid. Fellow people, stop it! The government can get a hold of it and best case, record your DNA for no reason. Worst case...use it for future eugenics endeavors? Figure out if you’re “too sick” to have health insurance?
Edit: took out “white people” because Reddit was too fragile for my 4% Cherokee joke. I just don’t trust it. They know where we are and what we search, who we talk to at all times.  I’d rather them not having access to my biological matter too!
Zero press conference in 6 years. Much statesman. smh. Wanna see a statesman, look no further than Angela Merkel. No wonder she did not shake hands with Modi. Modi does Mann ki Baat. Hindustan mein ek hi insaan ke paas mann hai. Baki sab to chutiye hain. Modi's problem is his bloated ego. That's what made him wave at no one in Dal Lake and use his raw wisdom in inventing new radar technologies. At the same time, he is a thorough coward. He does not want to face people. He does not want to face questions. He lives in his echo chamber of his flatterers and occasionally caters to modia.
I find Modi to be a very insecure person, scared, vengeful, delusional to an extent. He has another side though, which he presents to his audience,.. Brash, resolute, ambitious, flamboyant, dragon-slaying savior of people image. It is a projection. Such a projection would attract most people. He is a populist. One needs to though focus on what he does not do or does not say. That tells about the real Narendra Modi.
Of the top spenders:
Latvia - To deter Russia
Estonia - To deter Russia
Greece - To deter Turkey
Cyprus - The other half of their island is occupied by Turkey
France - Involved in multiple engagements around the world. Takes a lead in European defense. Maintains an expensive modern nuclear deterrent.   
There is an argument for contributing more to defense in the region as a whole that said.
What does Ireland need to deter? >What does Ireland need to deter?
Take a look to the east.
Gotta commit to the lie. 
Youngish (25-30) guy, what I think is his mum and a mate come to door. Main guy p1 is up first. 
After ID checks etc 
B1 “I need to do a quick search if that’s ok before I can get you in here”
P1 “yea of course, go ahead”
B1 direct to the little pocket you get on jeans. And pull out a bag of again cocaine. 
P1 just stares at me blankly and then asks “ok am I ok to go in then?”
B1 “no sorry mate you’re in possession of drugs you’re not coming in here”
P1 “ohh that’s not mine”
B1 “who’s is it”
P1 “I don’t know” 
P2 and P3 look on in astonishment. Obviously unaware this guy does coke.
To spare you from an Inane back and forth that followed this as he was 100% adamant it wasn’t his, he don’t know how it got there. (I did confirm they were indeed his trousers just in case) still staring blankly. B2 and B3 are dying with laughter as it’s beyond silly now but he’s so committed to the lie it’s almost admirable. 
Eventually his mum got his arm and dragged him off up the road. This is my favourite.
Looks like people are shitting themselves. Hardly. I wouldn't imagine sales went up by more than 10%, if that. Supply chains to the end consumer put JIT to shame. Grocery stores are not grain stores, they have almost nothing on hand and it takes an extremely small variation in demand to empty the shelves.
If the trucks stopped coming in for a few hours under ordinary demand, the shelves would be in a worse state.
If anything, I'd argue you should be taking the opposite lesson from that sight.
Kurt Cobain. Interestingly my uncle did his autopsy and even has pictures from it that he took home! (Unfortunately these picture are across the country at my grandparents house). Okay that is HELLA interesting.
@USER  @USER  @USER Allah razı olsun kardeşim. Rabbim birliğimizi daim eylesin. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Lovely ????
My mom has been beating the ‘you make less money in Germany so you need to move back and earn more’ drum since I landed. She just asked my rent and I think she will stop pestering me now that she heard how much bang for my buck I’m getting. @USER My mom sends me job advertisements from where I grew up as well. Might be less about earning more or less, but about desire to have the kids all closer. Might be the same with your mom.
@USER  @USER How did it go? @USER  @USER Was doing great until cramp got me, got me bad.
We are in Melbourne and nothing has changed at all. Went to Woolies today, no dramas. ??‍♀️. I just got back from our Coles in Melbourne and in the space of 24 hours:
-toilet paper gone
-pasta almost gone
-UHT milk gone
-tinned fruit low
-flour very low
-rice almost gone
-instant noodles almost gone
-muesli and cereals noticeably low
-almost all the big tins of tuna gone.
I like that people always are worried that Epstein was murdered instead of suicide. What if this was a ploy to cover up that he just escaped or paid his way out of prison? THIS!
Fuck man, in India we have serious mental health issues. Its not an India only problem though.
@USER  @USER Wouldn’t last a minute I the real world. He’d be run out of town. @USER  @USER ‘in’ the real world.
I had heard rumblings that the Mars 2020 Rover has a T sensor provided by the UK Space Agency to analyse any potential flora. Nobody at NASA has yet worked out the T stands for Tea. I will donate the grass seed so we can get the dairy herds going for the necessary milk and clotted cream.
@USER Oh Prue. If you're at the point where you think trolling a child is a great idea Dan Murphy's really should hold an intervention. @USER  @USER Had me laughing out loud ??
Has anyone tried the Cohiba Puro Dominicana? I haven't tried any Cohiba, wasn't sure if it was worth the hype .. but I just picked some up for what seems like a great deal $4 each .. any cigar seems good at that price but what did y'all think? @USER Definitely worth trying at that price.
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Its social media afterall. Everything is a gimmick.
Throw it back at the little shits. 8 of them. If it were 1 I'd probably chance confronting them but I'm old enough to know when I'd be out of my depth.
@USER If am correct you haven’t reply his/her message that’s the reason why he/she told you that you are arrogant. @USER I thought the same thing.
@USER surprised by all the non-pot hole talk. some so big today they could eat my bike. @USER  @USER I should have tuned in - I have so many feelpinions about potholes.
"Tell me, Hunter, do you really think the girl would really want someone like you? There is no path for you there. Come back to me ". @USER Hunter, don't!
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER C. 12MP

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy.
Thought I read somewhere they were shutting down.
Might have imagined it. *dreamed it.
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. It is one of those books that looks nice on top of the microwave. About the best thing I can say for it.
The government needs to urgently put out an ad campaign on how to cover your coughs and needs to make it clear that it’s antisocial behaviour. Every time I go out 99% of people cough into the open air. I’m just amazed at the ignorance of people. They probably don’t wash their hands either. Can confirm. I'm in Perth and I swear whenever I'm in a public bathroom half the people walk straight out without washing their hands.
@USER Campaign intern needs to watch Schoolhouse Rock &amp; learn who signs bills into law. @USER  @USER You need to do research on the Missouri law. It was passed by a GOP super majority and signed by a GOP  governor even though it could not be implemented at the time.  Unconstitutional. 
It had provisions if the SC ever overturned Roe it could be implemented.
I request Yogiji to practice Yoga along with a room full of Corona virus infected ppl, so that the virus is cured for all these patients and Yogiji himself gains immunity from the illness.. maybe he'll get that "sathya" Sai Baba's vibe and start performing miracles..
I'm pretty sure unless one of the workers putting it on the shelf has the virus, and you then touch a product that was contaminated you may get it, as your not gonna get it from the food travelling from Italy and/or China?
I hope. Ah no. I didn’t mean that you’d catch something by buying one of these. Just funny.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER China wouldn’t allow him to go nuclear.
@USER Pga fields have been gutted, if Rory, Rham and Thomas don’t play not worth watching ! @USER Plus the course and broadcast - giant yawn.
Question for people older than me: Were the left always such unutterable pieces of garbage, or have they gotten a lot worse in recent years? @USER They’ve gotten a lot worse.
so guys do you also feel like a cave man when you use a budget phone instead of a flagship device? mine recently fell from 1st floor and now its getting repaired. ?
ps. fuk iphone. android mastrace. I actually am considering switching to a basic phone 
I think I am a phone addict.
(Unpopular opinion, though I do hope it's not taken too close to heart) We, both as Northerners and Southerns, need to stop romanticising people like this if we are to seriously develop as 2 countries who can look back on history and not have a miniature verbal civil war. We don't want to develop as two countries.
Looks like a Caterpillar D6, absolute unit of plant machinery. Not when the D11 exists!
I went off at my JobSearch provider. The one you’re with gets $500+ per jobseeker, only for them to be useless and I still had to find my own jobs anyway. I asked them “What exactly do you do?!”. 
I literally got no help from them and Centrelink pays them to help me! It’s literally a cash grab.
They told me I was rude for asking them what is their purpose?!
Here’s something they keep hush hush, its your right to choose your own JobSearch provider! If you aren’t happy with the support they give you, you can ask for a transfer to your chosen one. The religious mobs are into this rort big time. And even though the catholics were busted rorting the system (claiming shit they didn't do.. on top of doing fucking nothing anyhow) - there was no repercussions whatsoever. Just more cheques from tax system to allow them to keep expanding their rorts.
what time does tmobile fat musty ass open. cause i rlly need to change my number.
Zee News demands there should be a law for contempt of PM.

If the law is extended to former PMs, even the present PM might be held in contempt. @USER It is a brain child of Pradhan Sevak that his godi media is trying to propagate. Also this law believe me would only be valid till this feku is the pradhansevak.
So my roommate just got back from a skiing trip in Andorra two days ago and now has a dry cough, fever and fatigue. 
She called out of work sick but won't call the GP till the morning. She saids she doesn't feel too bad since it's no worse than a cold. 
And she's not exactly being over the top with the whole hand washing thing. Oh, and she works in pharma . We're fucked lads! She should self-isolate for three weeks at least. Anything else is irresponsible. Show her this post!
Oh yes. Thanks :).
Released weekly. Damn... I’ll just wait.
You look like a stripper. What did she/he say?
that’s a harsh reality check on hindus, most won’t take nicely. Not sure why she would say this as a political leader she has to ask for votes. Not all politicians say whatever they have to say just for the votes. Some have actual cajones and know when they have to speak up.
Like they way the theft of the wood and for use as burning in her home is skipped over so easily. Sure look it, I've planted a few saplings in its place your honour. Should she have chucked em in the bin or something?
My conserve roof blew off thanks to that wanker Dennis.
Still, the even bigger dick splashes at Aviva home insurance have yet to do anything about it. Send the twats a tweet, I did with Curry's and got a response immediately. Seems to be the way now as they don't like bad press.
Regular salted butter should be fine, though feel free to try it either way. The most important factor is that the butter is melted.
As for the bread it's personal preference.
Also I like it on toast with eggs on top. I have a toaster oven i use for my toast for breakfast.  so I crisp it up and can melt the "fat" in the warm oven after if needed.
Is this to like mix the fat an Vegemite into a well mixture?
I normally don't eat many eggs in the week... Could avocado be a substitute?  Insert millennial joke, but I lived off $.50 avacados in the US from 2005-2007, in the Good old days.
If the information that I got the other day is right ... soon I will be a great grandfather. Yikes!!! And I'm just a kid!  ??? @USER Congratulations!!!
When you have a short position in futures, what impact Time has on my position??

Time is

1. Against Me
2. With me
3. No impact. @USER So now, you are in short  right ?
@USER Looking at government money? @USER I'm not too worried about where it comes from as long as it keeps coming?
Eh carra you got shit banter for a scouser fucking hell la you been hanging out with Neville too long oasis piss all over the Beatles how many times did they do knebworth. @USER Piss all over the Beatles??? U should b flogged fr saying such tings, n ur dreams Liam, U are overrated, the Beatles ar not, end of.
I went off at my JobSearch provider. The one you’re with gets $500+ per jobseeker, only for them to be useless and I still had to find my own jobs anyway. I asked them “What exactly do you do?!”. 
I literally got no help from them and Centrelink pays them to help me! It’s literally a cash grab.
They told me I was rude for asking them what is their purpose?!
Here’s something they keep hush hush, its your right to choose your own JobSearch provider! If you aren’t happy with the support they give you, you can ask for a transfer to your chosen one. It's almost like just having one public job service provider run by the Commonwealth would work.  If there's no incentive for profit then the focus would naturally turn to "shock horror" actually finding work for jobseekers.
Why does who/what suck so badly? You left a very important part out of the title of this thread. Yes, it was supposed to be “why does news suck so badly”, but looks like I can’t edit it so...yeah.
Tell Iran to stop aiding the Houthis in Yemen. They've created a travesty with the world's worse humanitarian crisis! Oh shut the fuck up. Shiites have been persecuted by Sunnis all over the place. Turn your ire on the Arab states bombing the shit out of Yemen.  
Lest you forget, ISIS main enemies were the Shia and Alewites in Iraq and Syria.
A lot of people are saying this is good without any real understanding of what's going on here. We shouldn't be so naive as to think that the lower the better because war is bad.
First of all, defence forces aren't just for fighting other militaries. They're responsible for a wide variety of tasks. They're the last line of defence in cases of armed violence. That has a few different meanings, but one of the main ones is terrorism.
Obviously Islamic terrorism has never been a problem here, but Northern Ireland has had more terrorist attacks than any other region in Europe. The defence forces are the main reason why that violence didn't spill across the border. They were posted along the border in strength and had to repel multiple attempts by the IRA to set up on our side of the border.
Also, in times of emergency, be it from extreme weather or pandemics, the defence forces can also be deployed to fulfil a broad range of roles.
They also fill in for emergency services when people such as prison guards or paramedics go on strike.
And lastly, they're generally regarded as among the best peacekeepers in the world. Ireland is a country that punches above our weight in terms of soft power and our commitment to peacekeeping is a huge part of that. The value of the soft power from peacekeeping vastly outweighs its costs.
These are all essential services that we all take for granted. However, with expenditure at 0.3% of GDP, the defence forces are critically underfunded, which has left them in a crisis. Members are not getting fair pay and they're struggling to carry out their duties. With extreme weather and covid19 on our doorstep, we may find that the defence forces are not in the position to fulfil their emergency roles.
We can still have among the lowest expenditure in the EU and increase funding to ease all of these problems. Nobody gives a fuck about Irish peacekeeping except for our local military fetishists. If your only argument for Ireland having an army is that they can back up front line civil services in an emergency then its already over. Just expand the civil defence and let the guards deal with the IRA as they have done fairly successfully since the beginning of the state.
The only real reason to have an army is to wage war, and ireland would need at least 20 times the current army to survive a determined invasion by any realistic OPFOR for more than a few days, so why bother? A standing army in Ireland just makes it easier for the (non-existant) invasion force to kill our men. 
&#x200B;
Do an Iceland and get rid of it all I'd say, keep a few tanks and guns around for the children and the re-eanctors to ooh and ah over.
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER No your so humble .unique .down  to earth Girl  podda.
What if the wheels on the bus didn't go round and round? @USER ???
Are you Afraid to fly? I am. @USER Only when my arms are tired.
Muslims have got the benefit of appeasement politics for many years. It is one of the major reasons why Hindus are angry towards the community.
With regards to the Population and go to Pakistan points, they are absolute nonsense. 
Indian Muslims are Indians and will remain so. Pata nahi. Hindus have had the most appeasement - just think of beef ban. Such a cheap and easily available source of high protein nutrition is everywhere in India - a country so high on malnutition, yet it is banned. Rather than allow people to choose, it was banned for Hindu appeasement. 
So much government money is spent on Hindu festivals and subsidizing hindu pilgrimage (4500 cr) while the Hajj subsidy (200 cr) which actually was a disgusting lie of a subsidy was much maligned. The Hajj subsidy never helped Muslims, do you know that? Since Air India had the monopoly on the gulf routes, it would rise the price of each ticket to mecca by 20k and then request the government to subsidize that 20k. The Muslims pilgrim would pay the same amount as before, but Air India would get 20k per ticket from the government and Hindus would get to shit on Muslims. Win-Win. 
RSS propaganda has really brainwashed Hindus tho. I'll give you a simple example. I recently learnt that lotus is not the national flower of India (an RTI was raised and the government confirmed that there is no national flower) but every Indian I know fought with me about it being the national flower. RSS grip on the government is so tight even when BJP is not in power, that the flower representing the birth of Hindu god Brahma of hindu iconography, which is also the party symbol of BJP was falsely called the national flower to such an extent that it is considered truth. It is the same RSS that has taught Hindus to hate Muslim kings for destroying temples when the total count of temples (quotes as hundreds of thousands) is less than 100 while the total count of temples destroyed by hindu kings is a little under 1000. 
RSS has been hard at work spreading lies exaggerating the accomplishments of their own leaders and belittling the good rule of Muslim rulers. We are all victim to their propaganda - not just you or just hindus.
We need to build a wall around Leinster. It’s all fun and games now but what if it hit Cork? We can’t take that risk. I agree. It's only in Dublin but am also willing to sacrifice those surrounding counties to keep Cork free.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER Spout what you like. It doesn’t take a nuclear scientist to see that Scottish people are much more able, smarter, caring, clever and compassionate. Beats me why anyone would want to be governed by the parcel of rogues that is Westmonster.
This law was introduced off the back of the royal commission into family violence a few years ago. 
Pets, like children, are used by abusers as collateral over their partners. 
The commission found the difficulties of finding private rentals that accepted pets was a major factor in people experiencing ongoing violence.
This measure will save lives. I’d also hazard a guess that it will save lives through people having better mental health. Young people who are stressed and anxious might do better having a pet in the house to comfort them.
@USER They were supposed to find my luggage. It’s been 4 weeks and I have no clue about it. Definitely worst airlines ever.  @USER  @USER @AirFranceKLM. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You are the worst airline!! You lost my luggage, can't find it, only gave me a $100 voucher, a number to call at JFK that doesn't work, and a tracking number that also doesn't work! Where is my luggage???
Because we as an Indian fighting with each other over religious stuff instead of working towards the growth of the economy. >Fighting each other?      
We don’t really have a choice in that, its a state sponsored contest with the aid of certain media agencies.  
And our regressive culture is helping all this shit.
I've done an extra shop of long date item. Rice pasta flour tinned tomatoes. All things that are on my usual list.
My son is immunocompromised so we may choose to self isolate as a family before the government makes it mandatory. 
That and I dont want to fight hoards of people for the last bag of rice in a weeks time once the government admit we are fucked! I've done the same. Sure we will get through it anyway if there isn't a shortage. I've stocked up for similar reasons as you. My son is immunocomprised.
I don't wanna be going out if there does end up being lots of cases!
Wooooooaaahhhh mysterious girl, I wanna ~~get close to you~~ remain at least 2 chevrons apart from you. You could of gone with anything but you went with chevrons! Now I feel like I’m on the M1 between J26 and 30. 10/10 good sir.
Is there a sub for finding gem stones? Dunno. If you find it let me know.
@USER Tey winning against a real baseball club. K thanks maybe like Astros? Oh wait.. lol. @USER  @USER Redsox fan,Your team is in last place and the Yankees are in first. GFYS !
Choose headphones that are clear. Bass can be increased with a pro equalizer like viper or equalizer pro. I suggest any Sennheiser in that range. No bro, you won't get real bass like that. I already have good earphones from audio Technica, this one is specifically for watching movies with a subwoofer feel, it's impossible to get that experience using software.
IMO there are far more important and pressing infrastructural issues to build right now than a pipe-dream high-speed rail to places that are sparsely populated. A metro for Dublin or any semblance of good public transport in Cork would be a start. Exactly, it's this wish washy fantasy stuff that distracts from the realistic projects like Metro, Dart expansion and underground and the expansion of rail and bus services in Cork.
Why is this fantasy a headline grabber while any time the projects above are mentioned it negative Nimby articles?
Kerplunk ftw! Buckaroo was my jam. Guess it set me up for my stunning shopping carrying without a basket skills in adult life.
So it's not something that's endemic to the US police forces then?
&#x200B;
> Research suggests that family violence is two to four times higher in the law-enforcement community than in the general population. 
>
>Source
I guess this is just a case of extracurricular r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut. But this article says that the 84 police is less than the general population, not more. Of course that wouldn't make for as good a headline.
>“The QPS has over 12,200 police officers and recruits and over the past five years, 84 officers were recorded as respondents on domestic violence orders,” the police statement said.
>“This equates to 0.68% of police officers and recruits being recorded as a respondent on domestic violence orders. Compared to the general population, police officers are 85% less likely to be recorded as a respondent on a domestic violence order.
>“The strong discipline and oversight regimes of the QPS results in police officers being 95% less likely to commit a breach of domestic violence order when compared to the general population.
I’ve sucked a dick before, I’ve earned the right to make gay jokes. Did you swallow?
Frankly speaking, I had totally forgotten about the RUSSIA-UKRAINE war .....

#NoToNukes. @USER As lot of happening in India itself Sir ????
My first girlfriend gave me the same nickname. Guess that explains the username.
@USER  @USER Looked like he would go on to be a Premier league fixture. Another one we got unlucky with. @USER  @USER  @USER I don't think it helped that Bobby Gould decided to take a group of professional footballers on an army assault course, such a shame for Lee Hurst.
Everyone Is Still Grasping Jonathan Scott Tragedy, here is the full story. @USER Its not a tragedy. Its life. It goes on. He's fine.
I’ll internally question everything and put pieces together in limbo without saying a word to anyone. That’s why ppl be scared to come to me with bullshit. Foh. @USER Ain't no one getting over like a fat rock on you that's what's up. ? Good morning as well.
Please say a prayer for me for I feel very alone tonight. @USER Jesus is with you.
Not me spending €60 in Boots when all I needed was toothpaste. @USER That’s a whole lotta lube lol.
Reminder Brexit really wasn’t about a US trade deal, it wasn’t really about an economic doctrine. It was really about believing your nation state is where the highest form of govt should lie. It was basically about democracy. @USER 13% of our legislation was adopted from EU directives. UK proposed and wrote a significant number of the EU laws we then enacted. Everything else about our laws were ours anyway. People were deceived into thinking that our paltry pensions and health service issues were EU based.
Because she invested her own money to have the place cleaned up and painted. Now the landlord can command more rent from a new tenant. This is exactly it. I don't know why anyone would pay money into another's investment.
Avoid zero days (do something productive at least once a day) and read (odds are someone smarter than you figured out something you want to know and wrote it down). I’m having an existential crisis it seems I just gotta make sure I keep myself busy I guess.
#SportsCity #Sengipatti_Thanjavur

?If Our Govt Will Announce Sports City in Sengipatti, Thanjavur District. 

?It Will be a Big Boost 2 Central Region Dt's of TN. 

?Then the Long Neglected Delta Districts get Some Attention. Hope Infra will develop afterwards here in Delta. Transportation Facilities

?Trichy International Airport is Additional Bonanza ! 

? Thanjavur Junction is Just 24kms only !!

?TN's 2nd Biggest Rail Hub Trichy Junction is Jus 39km

?Budalur Railway Station in Thanjavur dt is Jus 10km

? Upcoming Thanjavur Airport.
@USER Have a great day Lana ?? @USER Thank you Pat, you too ? ?
@USER Bob Mortimer. @USER Good shout.
Most likely not. Both were born in Brisbane, and although they may be entitled to US citizenship through their mother, this does not mean they're necessarily eligible to become President.
There's a constitutional requirement that the US President must be a "natural-born citizen". This has generally been interpreted as "born on US soil". Though it is open to interpretation, I would find it unlikely that the Irwin kin would ever be considered "natural-born citizens". As the children of a US citizen, they are automatically citizens at birth (unlike Australia where you need to apply for citizenship by decent).  As far as I'm aware this makes the eligible.  It's only those who immigrate and are granted citizenship later that are disqualified by that rule.
Friend ran into a door divider and I think he got stitches. That was Grade. 5 or so and on a day where thenschool brought everyone Subway. Dang.
Us to book two rooms as they still practice "unmarried couples not allowed" ancient rule. How does one say "Odisha by Road" when this is a major problem.For a young working couple coming to say Mayurbhanj where do they stay?? Why not activate the Dak Bungalow circuit. @USER  @USER @DM_Mayurbhanj.
Glad you enjoyed it. I live close to here and it never gets boring. All year round its beautiful. I even proposed to my wife here :). It’s an appropriate place to do it, even crap days look nice here.
Cheating on your barber is much worse. They know you’ve done the dirty. Tell me bout it, I cheated on my barber two days ago, purely because I was just off nightshift an happened to be close to a different barber, Result? Shit haircut an two quid more, that'll teach me!
Possibly illegal. A merchant cannot just take money without a legal reason. 
I'd suspect the courts might take a dim view if the person whose bank account was raided took action. I'd think their bank would have something to say about their merchant facility too.
Phantom cosmonauts/astronauts
There is no way no one died in space, burned up on reentry, or drifted off course and couldn't get back to Earth in the early days of the Space Race. Many many years ago someone said they had picked up a recording of a cosmonaut saying his craft had missed its trajectory and he was headed away from earth by mistake..knew he would die....
@USER where. @USER Pl gurden pune.
Wanna sell some crack? Or craic?
These linked post jokes are getting old. Enjoy a down vote PAL.
I'm wondering if we've been to the same Coober Pedy or if there's another one in not familiar with. Yeah, like, what a shithole. If I never returned it'd be too soon.
Jar Jar Binks was supposed to be a Sith Lord and the big bad of the Star Wars prequels, but George Lucas screwed up the directing and then chickened out after seeing the public reception of the character.
See also r/darthjarjar. Oh the possibilities. I loved jar jar.
Download oyo app.
Search a hotel.
Book it.
I don't know this may work.
OYO app may crash on seeing an Indian with a foreign girlfriend. Do it at your own risk. They told me we can't book a same room.
Not to mention the ID issues.
A Day In The Life or Baba O’ Riley? @USER A Day in the Life.
The wind is fucking off, the problem is that it's fucking off very quickly, which makes it very windy. Technically the wind doesn't fuck off, it fucks in, from high pressure areas to low pressure areas.
...so I don't have the security of large life savings. On top of this, I have depression and ASD which add to the challenges. I went to @UTAS_'s mental health support program for HDR students, but it was mostly teaching us about mindfulness - which I appreciate, but... 2/3. ...I'm already practising due to the mental illnesses. I think what would really help is, while we do impactful research, an expected full time load, we should be financially supported adequately in line with the increase cost of living so we don't spread ourselves too thin. 3/3.
The self-perpetuating warming effect we have put in place. Things are thawing, specifically tundras that trap methane and other greenhouse gases. The more they thaw, the more the earth warms, so they will thaw even faster. If humanity's carbon footprint ended entirely right now, the earth would still continue to heat up. This will kill off the ocean phytoplankton and stop 2/3 of all oxygen production on earth. All other oxygen-breathing life larger than a tardigrade will die. All life relying on a food chain based on plankton will die. In all likelihood, very little multicellular life will continue to exist on this planet.
And all that will happen even faster if humanity continues to exist. Calm down Greta, earth will be fine, we won’t be, life will go on.
And to add salt to your and our wounds, majority of the people on İnternet and social media are supporting this or are enjoying this.
Media hasn't changed, it's still the same. They didn't even cover the transfer of judge overnight with the same passion as they covered Ankit Sharma's murder.
No questioning from Modi-Shah or BJP. People are supporting Kapil Mishra. All blame shifted to Tahir Hussain.
Sorry freedom fighters, we let you down. Remember the time after Pulwama, how everyone was shouting for war.
Does he wink the wrong way or is it just me? It's a freemason sex wink.
Just needs some sausages in it. My family also does a Yorkshire like this but instead of sausages puts the whole roasting joint in the middle (not covered with batter mind you) , the meaty juices infuse the pudding with amazing flavour.
I wouldn't be surprise if  @USER told the Premiers to drop protections ahead of the Federal election. Not make Labor "part of lockdown", Gets it both ways. Let it rip under Scott then pretend hands are tied. Premiers held out for so long. @USER  @USER He is pure evil. A bully and a narcissist. Malicious too.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. I'd say that's a sensible thing to do. The system knows it's failed if it didn't get you to the destination on time. But if it did get you in time, then it knows it succeeded on that, and now needs to know where to improve. And that's kinda what usually it asks me - which part did it do best on, and everything else has room for improvement.
And then there was Bitcoin. 
Deflationary currency, open, decentralized, censorship resistant, pseudo anonymous, backed by the most powerful computer network ever. 
www.bitcoin.org
Bitcoin is likely to become the world reserve currency due to its limited supply, monetary policy, and the fact that no human can make changes to the network or money supply. 
Bitcoin protects you against inflation and governments screwing with your money. Shallow understanding. China, US and Russian govts hold the chunk of the exchange. All countries have used fake raids to seize bitcoin assets from people. FBI seized the entire wallet of SilkRoad owner after listing paedophilia content there themselves. Chinese are using supercomputers to generate bitcoins.
Its only better than petrodollars because US doesn't have a complete hold. The point is Indian govt has nothing there and if bitcoin becomes standard India and Iran will be hit first.
Tough enough. Wales are always handy, this is the best Finnish team ever but I don't know much about Bulgaria. We beat Bulgaria 3-0 a few months back so that's something at least.
I remember an episode where someone stabbed someone through one of those vented wardrobe door things like this and it shit me up so badly I couldn't go near the one at my Nan's. Ive seen them all, dont recall that one to be honest? :P You sure you wernt watching Halloween?
I work in the industry, whoever gets to run these buses is going to be insanely rich. 
The first thing that will suffer is hygiene. It will be a good friend of the LNP.
None of the above. Just a normal girl. I got to touch an elephant. What a thrill. I’ve never done this. Adding it to my bucket list. Elephants are so majestic.
Can't get it without being anti-national. It's simple. There are no guys in South India and there are no gals in north India. I have no idea why it's so hard to figure out.
Jupiter gonna be wondering where the fuck all these random Irish parcels are coming from. If Jupiter was going to turn into a sun, that would have happened a long time ago. I mean, even The Year We Make Contact was like ten years ago.
PS: And you know what that means too, right? It means, go ahead, land on Europa. Knock yourself out.
@USER You are one of the loveliest ? people I've ever met. So ignore this unknown person. @USER You made my day??
@USER GM ?? @USER  @USER Gm ☮️.
Just now  @USER a man came up to me &amp; asked if I was Rachel V. I told him I am &amp; he said my husband &amp; I are shitbags &amp; walked away.

This has NEVER happened to my far more recognizable husband &amp; that is the difference between the way people think they can treat women. @USER  @USER  @USER He's the shitbag!
I would've but I don't trust someone with that username. I understand you and i am trying to be honest with that user name ?
@USER I went back to Uni at 50 and changed my career so 38 is very doable. @USER Well done ??
@USER Legitimate power ie Legal worldly power, why does the church hold them, surely it's the power of Divine Law they are invested in. @USER That’s why they hold them under guard. The whole point.
Without telling your age, what song reminds you of your high school years? @USER Suite Judy blue eyes
CSN.
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. It's more likely that they want to create a pandamic in order to crash the stock market, and reap the benefits of it once it all blows over.
I'm officially a Daemon apologist from today. This episode of #HOTD was ? @USER Daemon Supremacy #HOTD.
Pedigree is the worst shite to ever feed your dog, or if you're gonna feed it shite at least feed it cheap shite so you're not both being done out of it. Pedigree is produced by Mars, there are far better dog foods for the same price range. Purina make a few, I can't remember the specific names. Used to work in a pet shop years ago but honestly don't feed your dogs Pedigree. URL 
Good site showing how alot of the popular brands product absolute muck
Royal Canin sold as premium here is actually crap.
@USER  @USER Available from…? @USER  @USER Sent u a pm thanks.
@USER I have filled in the application form from my phone and it isn't clear what I need to do next. Do you have it?? @USER  @USER  @USER can you help?
@USER Got mine today, too. Feel like crap! @USER This one doesn’t seem to have made me feel bad.
Damn. This guy went to work in Bengaluru for 2 days with fever before leaving to Hyderabad. Smh. Super irresponsible of him and the company if they knew. For sure there will be a few cases more from Blore and Hyd.
Tough enough. Wales are always handy, this is the best Finnish team ever but I don't know much about Bulgaria. We beat Bulgaria 3-0 a few months back so that's something at least.
2/ Daily Reading: Psalms 49-50; Acts 20:1-16. 3/ Memory verse: Daniel 9:3
“And I set my face unto the Lord God, to seek by prayer and supplications, with fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes:".
@USER Why does Monica look like she could have joined B*witched? @USER Some people say I look like me dad.
I have a secret fetish for fat girls <3. I honestly think that this is getting more popular, or at least it is becoming normalized. There's a reason thicc girls are a thing now.
Legit question: if shit does hit the fan, can Muslim countries refuse to sell us oil? Or is our market just too big for that? We get most of our oil from Saudis and Iraq
Historically, has it ever happened? Market and also Muslim countries didn't say much about Xinjiang as well and didn't do much about rohingya genocide. 
The middle east is kinda like in a cold war like situation.
@USER Yipeeeee. Congrats to you fine Mama for getting him there too ! ?? @USER ???
Try posting in /r/helpmefind. Done with embaressing typo.
Ah yes, the extremely popular and frequently used light rail. Aka the damaged child of Melbourne's trams. What was Sydney thinking with that thing anyway? > What was Glady Koala Killer thinking with that thing anyway?
Fixed that for you my friend.
The tv series Limitless was really enjoyable although most people didn’t bother watching it. What was it about?
Political parties should never be tied so closely with religion. BJP should never have been a hindu party . All this bullshit would have never happened. Fuck religion for causing so much hate in this world. You guys missing the point BJP is a party which creates communal violence like this and will gain benefit.
I work on ski resorts in the winter so maybe I can add to this conversation from a different perspective. Not that I'm justifying a ski holiday being superior to any other kind of holiday or that it's the best choice in relation to a curriculum. However, the school prompting a decision from the parents allows the child to have an experience they may not otherwise ever have. If given the choice, a family holiday will likely be a sun holiday. Colder weather at a higher cost isn't usually compelling if the norm is a sunny, sandy beach. 
Skiing and snowboarding (amongst many, many other sports one can do in snowy and mountainous regions) are incredibly fun sports wholly unique from most activities easily available in Ireland. This, coupled with the company of a child's closest friends could make for the holiday of a lifetime and could even create a love for the sport across the family. If it's feasible for a family without causing any financial issues then I think it's absolutely worth it. 
I don't want to write for ages and make this wall of text any larger, I could talk at length about all the different aspects but I just want to offer an alternative perspective. Interesting yes, it does have its merits for the kids alright.
Yeah but it’s funny because it’ll do nothing to stop the spread of coronavirus.. True, if it is a droplet infection. 
Ring-a-ring o' roses,
A pocket full of posies,
A-tishoo! A-tishoo!
We all fall down.
I’ve heard it all now. Albanese has described himself as being “Economically Literate”. @USER Of course he is. Don't forget he said he was an economic adviser to Bob Hawke. Trouble is Bob didn't know that and neither did anybody else.
Clinton body count. There are too many “robberies gone wrong” and “suicides” surrounding their political controversies that it is surely them calling the hits. His name was Seth Rich.
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q3) C. 12MP ?

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
My thoughts and prayers are tonight with the entire community of Creeslough following today’s devastating explosion.

Thinking too of all the emergency services, from across the north-west and NI working in very traumatic situation. @USER So so tragic and heartbreaking....thoughts and prayers for a heartbroken community❤.
I was in A&amp;E yesterday. I cant go into details but I was treated inhumanely. They couldn't give me the care they should have but wouldn't admit that either. I also saw 4-6 elderly emergency patients on beds in the corridor, no lovely ones able to stand with them :(. @USER That’s awful, so sorry to hear that. I hope you’re doing okay.
Are you still in touch with people you went to school with? @USER I moved to another country so social media is a family and life moments sharing love fest and I thoroughly enjoy it.
@USER  @USER YAY! This makes me so happy ❤️. @USER  @USER Jody is amazing (as you know). Equally amazing is her work training teams of clinicians and educators to build their capacity for human-centered and healing-centered work. #inspired.
Only if they care about 'your way of science'.
Even if proven wrong, there is always the 'Morarji Desai' approach. And what is that?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER That is a beautifullly preserved old station, I could hardly believe my eyes. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It is Indeed ?
Nah its OK you were just being neighbourly. Thank you for your kind words but I'm still eating my Sunday roast with a side of mortification.
I really don't get the toilet paper thing. Buying an extra pack or 2? Sure.
But entire fucking trolleys? What do these cunts eat and how long do they expect lock downs to last?
Don't most people already have a week's worth at the minimum anyway? Perhaps they assume that one of the symptoms is shitting. Certainly had flu go that way in the past.
@USER  @USER This is amazing! Would love to get these in the hands of some  @USER parents. @USER  @USER  @USER We 100% should do a fun taste testing with  @USER pet parents!
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER बहुत सुंदर सत्संग वचन।
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
@USER Heading to Stove for anniversary dinner, which is next door to Northern Lights, so keeping my fingers crossed. @USER Fab, happy anniversary ?
So ... in wallet, in pocket, in pocket.
Not exactly master criminals, are they? I remember years ago my mate had a lighter that you could stash stuff in. It worked and everything. Thing is though, I never once remember getting searched going in to a bar or club in Sheffield.
lets get married so we can get to know each other. @USER How they did it back in the day, bonus points if the wife is half the age of the groom.
Imagine sticking a tooth pick underneath your big toenail and then kicking a wall
Or imagine getting paper cuts in the webbing of all fingers. No. Imagine.... baby shark doo doo doodoo.
Psychology is a Freud subject
u/visionerarchitect. WUNDT agree.
Story? I really want to use this one more when I run into people haha.
As a grown woman, why can’t I find pajama sets that don’t have some cunt of a Disney character on?!?? @USER For blokes it’s usually tartan of some kind.  I of course have stormtrooper PJs and a black dressing gown with the empire symbol and hood.  Need to find me some evil slippers, the sheep feet don’t really go.
Lol. To think they’re the one who keep calling others “snowflakes”. It's projection, as most any truthful statement about their behaviour results in howling butthurt.
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER Both, but if I have to choose, jail.
Mera koi dost nhi hai yaha? @USER I m here.
Why is the HSE so incompetent? My girlfriends mam works in a school and they have a student coming back from a trip to Italy.
They got advice from the HSE who told them if she feels fine just let her attend classes. Are they actually that incompetent? What are they supposed to do?
Realistically they can't close everywhere.
People still need to go to work to get paid.
We still need medication and foods.
@USER Some  says im aggressive .people  lables very  easily .without  knowing   the truth .recently one woman said im over reacting ?? @USER Do you remember one day a girl who thinks she is famous on Twitter scolded us a lot for the comment we made,A lot of other girls joined that girl and scolded us a lot, Remember,we kept our mouths shut because we didn't want to overreact.They think that only they are right?
@USER Looking good? @USER Thanks bro.
@USER What is Sooner Leesa? @USER What is so frustrating?
The day im waiting for finally it came .going to write a exam which decides my future need all ur wishes ? @USER All the best bro❤️.
@USER  @USER Thinking SNP need to announce and call out these obvious slurs. How many Conservative MPs are under investigation, the ones that are public, l've honestly lost count. @USER  @USER  @USER I think 56.
Hugo Boss got rich off using Jewish slaves to make Nazi uniforms. Fuck them. No he didn't, he got famous through comedy.
@USER Enjoyed Deathloop a surprising amount so I’m doing my first ever playthrough of Dishonored now and really enjoying it so far. @USER Dishonored is pretty cool, great narrative and nice gameplay, enjoy!
Question for people older than me: Were the left always such unutterable pieces of garbage, or have they gotten a lot worse in recent years? @USER They’ve gotten a lot worse.
Is it rudeness or is it honesty? @USER Honesty.
Alicia Vikander is on tv in Tomb Raider. My wife is leering even more than I am. She’s an absolute stunner. Married a Kerryman unfortunately. @USER Married Colm 'the gooch' Cooper I think.
I’d fire him for going to Greggs period. Period? This isn't American Problems friend.
@USER At least it wasn’t comfort gems. @USER Omg can you imagine!!!
@USER Now wait a minute, you work on a car that has had 2 of the best "bottom feeders" in the business  drive it and all see in this pic is the inside line , why didn't you take it ??!!!! @USER ? it was far from a race track.
General Reginald Dyer studied in Bishop Cotton School, Shimla. I just got to know that. Yea Dyer was there for a bit. I'm from the same school!
Most people are asymptomatic in the early stages,and something like eighty percent of carriers only get mild symptoms.
So, scanning might look good,but is next to useless. How is it next to useless when it still catches people? Anything that slows its spread is useful.
@USER What's that, a Fox ? @USER It certainly is, the cheeky thing!
Do new episodes come on Monday or Tuesday? Tuesday.
I’ve sucked a dick before, I’ve earned the right to make gay jokes. Did you swallow?
@USER All the best bro. @USER Thanks bro.
Finish this sentence:
The emotion I find the most difficult to control is ________. @USER My sadness once it starts I can’t stop it.
@USER It can be some innovative pickup line ? @USER I thought it must be a බයියෙක්? They can't show me?
There's still plenty on the RFS map ? Yeah I just had a look myself, all the ones I checked except 2 were last updated a few hours before this tweet. info on the app can be over 24 hours out of date sometimes for the really minor stuff.
They only do really frequent updates to the “oh shit” fires because it’s all manual, it’s not an auto updating live system
Most of the ones I checked were last update around 9am.
@USER When will the segment on Stolen Docs occur? The newest factoid is that 45 didn't even keep an index of any kind on the Classified Docs he stole. There are missing Classified Docs in the "Wild". With National security at risk, shouldn't you care? Why are you so scared? @USER  @USER Treason is a tough subject. They'll never bring it up.
@USER Congratulations ? ? @USER Thank you.
@USER I don't give a toss about gay adults or trans adults, you can sort that out among yourselves. Start introducing a perverted version of that to little kids in schools and media,then you have lost me. @USER  @USER So what you're effectively saying is that trans kids should not be allowed to be trans kids, they should be forced to appear and behave how you think they should.
Kind of providing the evidence against the "no GC person ever threatens the existence of trans people" lie!
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. I love Good Food and get most of my recipes from there but I’m yet to find a Curry recipe on there that tastes anything like a takeaway one (even the ones billed as ‘takeaway style’).
You can find many of these recipes on his website but they are quite complicated and I found them a pain to follow on my phone.
@USER Personally, the rankings are flawed for all three tours. Pgatour is rated too highly, European tour too low and LIV should have realised it would take time for them to get on it. Think the picture will be clearer in 12 months. @USER  @USER How can LIV expect ranking pints when they play a completely different format (easier) than the rest of the other tours.
Probably BoTW and Minecraft. Yup.
Wrong step.. Hear me out..
The stupid priest want to create a connection between the cooking and the periods. Periods are OK. Cooking is ok. The portrayal of connection is bad. By organising this, they associated food with periods thereby highlighting the connection. Its the same as we have shit in our stomach too all time and we eat food from mouth. But we never choose to notice this fact bcoz this connection is not that good to think on. The stupid priest won in a way. No priest would tell you to not cook food because you shat that day.
Berlin. Stung by a bee. One star. Mosquito just bit me in the same place as my bee sting if you wanted to know how my day was going.
@USER Haters gonna hate. @USER That's a real waste of time, so I blocked him?
What if the wheels on the bus didn't go round and round? @USER ???
That Stanley Kubrick faked the moon landing and also that he was "taken out" for making Eyes Wide Shut. You really think he was killed for revealing that humans have secret super powers?
Choose headphones that are clear. Bass can be increased with a pro equalizer like viper or equalizer pro. I suggest any Sennheiser in that range. No bro, you won't get real bass like that. I already have good earphones from audio Technica, this one is specifically for watching movies with a subwoofer feel, it's impossible to get that experience using software.
>I am going to butcher our National Anthem.
I'd say you've no need to worry about fitting in. Sinne Fianna Fáil... (minute of mumbling)... SEO LIBH CANAIG AMHRÁN NA BHFIANN!!!
Opposite of overpriced. Entire draw of it is how cheap it is. Use the change at the bottom of my pocket that never gets used for anything else. Yes it's inexpensive but IMO it's overpriced for what it is. The price of the mediocre sausage rolls is shocking.
Hotspot from your phone. Immensely easier. This is the correct answer. If you can’t afford the data to do this, then perhaps it’s time to reevaluate your addiction.
Is anyone actually afraid? I see stories but not one person I know cares about it, and I have friends that work in the medical field. I have a friend who, while young, has a compromised immune system due to some weird birth defect. 
He is quite worried that he might die if he gets it. Rightfully so, as he's in the group that is more likely to die from it if infected.
Q7. Which color of the #GalaxyZFlip3 would you like to win?
A. Cream
B. Phantom Black
C. Lavender
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q7) A. Cream ?

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
I’m probably the biggest critic of the Royal Navy despite spending 24 years in it. But the minister in Cork trying to cause offence is misguided.  I get that Ireland is a neutral state, but a visit doesn’t happen without state approval.    #HMSENTERPRISE. @USER As we say here, just a gobshite.
I was going to tell you to watch out for the swans, only to realise it isn’t Glastonbury. 
Nice picture!
EDIT: Wells. Not Glastonbury. Almost said the same thing. Could have sworn this was the courtyard they shot the fight scene from Hot Fuzz in!
@USER Then you haven’t been looking hard enough if that’s the only complaint you’ve seen. @USER Well, the only major complaint.
I’m a yuge fan of consistency. @USER As am i.
In the end I’m not even profitable. My track record is a mess. I’m yet to break even but I believe in what I know. It’ll come through for me in the end. @USER This ?
We're still going to have people coming in to work tomorrow with bad colds and flu 'powering through'. Coughing, sneezing and spreading germs everywhere and infecting their colleagues. Not to mention what this will do to the morale and panic levels now that we have Corona Virus to worry about. 
It seems to have become the norm now that unless your leg is falling off, you need to show up. It's fucking stupid, usually people are incredibly unproductive when that sick and they end up making a rake of other employees sick which in turn has a much bigger impact on productivity and company profits than if they had stayed at home in bed and properly recovered. 
We can't be calling in sick when we only have a dose of the sniffles or relatively minor ailments but some common sense from employees and bosses would go a long way to curbing the spread of this virus and the spread of seasonal flus in general. 
You'd hope that most large companies are developing action plans and counter measures at the moment. Protocols on what to do if members of staff are ill, asking people to go or to remain at home, encouraging employees who don't need to be physically present to work from home where possible. 
I'm mostly talking about standard, non customer facing office jobs here. I do understand for a lot of unfortunate people, this would be impractical due to a lack of sick pay allowance or the nature of their job means that it can't be done remotely. Then there's the huge percentage of people who simply can't afford to miss even one day without suffering financially. 
We really need a plan for this in the event that it becomes as serious as Italy. We have nothing to lose by preparing and containing. I deal with customers at a front desk every day (not in healthcare btw). People are fucking disgusting - they will come in if they have colds, flus, mumps(!), chickenpox, infections... I've seen it all. I wish I was exaggerating. They will literally come in after their doctor's appointment.
I'm always doing the hand-washing/hand sanitizer thing, but I have no escape from how careless and unhygienic the public are.
@USER I see nothing but love in this photo. @USER ?
What does this mean? Can somebody ELI5 to somebody who has literally no idea how this affects me? The RBA lends money to other banks who then lend money to you and I. For the last six months or so, it's at an interest rate of 0.75%, and so a bank might charge you say 2.75% for a loan.
Because our econmical outcome is looking worse and worse and the government isn't or can't do anything about it, the RBA has decided to lower the interest rate to 0.5%. This in turn is suppose to force your bank to lower your interest rate to 2.5% and you then use that extra 0.25% to go out and spend or invest it to try to stimulate the economy.
>how this affects me?
Unless you have a mortgage or a bank loan, you're not really going to feel the impact immediately and even then, that's if the banks pass the rate cut.
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER Well at least both lips are even now so you don't have to worry about looking lopsided ??
And Muslims should understand that there is nothing to fear about CAA-NRC. It is this lack of understanding due to which the angry Hindu mob have to kill them. Once the Muslims stop fearing CAA and stop protesting, they don't have to fear the Hindu mob also. Lmao I feel like it's sarcastic but the time and environment we living in right now doesn't feel like sarcasam..
Like a bhakt can say this and will stand by it...
@USER Hurrah! ???? well done that boy! @USER ?
It’s the law that since ancient times when a woman becomes a grandmother for the first time, she instantly acquires one of those ceramic hens sat on a nest for the purpose of storing eggs. I keep batteries in ours.... Its our battery hen.
If you’re an aussie and are in NFTs RT this tweet. 

I want to connect to more aussies in this space ??? @USER Sydney ??
Who is ROOTING for Beto O'Rourke to be the NEXT Governor of Texas? ✋? @USER ?
सुना है सबकुछ मिल जाता है गूगल पर
 वफादार दोस्त चाहिए लोकेशन भेजना मुझे. @USER Yes am,I ok best'friends.
0-0 in 6 a side? Ye must be absolutely shite. In fairness the goals are about the size of ice hockey goals and yes.
@USER Can't say no ?? @USER ?You know me very well.
@USER Loved it!!! #WerewolfByNight #ManThing. @USER So damn good.
@USER Hot at home and iced if goin to starbucks. @USER Black or cream ?
Just this morning I was wondering, how did India manage to stay clear of this virus so far when so many other developed countries are falling prey to it. 
Pehle hi tension kam hain is desh main, ke ek aur. Are you familiar with the entire country of Russia?
It's the Surinamese I'm after. Shower of pricks. Plus they all have bad surnames.
Well enjoyed this ! You have to make this a regular weekly thing with your bouncer mates stories also! Back in the early 90’s shit was way different. I remember seeing some bad ‘scruff of neck’ dragging into the ‘back room’ at our club we used to go to, I always assumed rival dealers as the ones allowed to work the club were there every week. Anyway times have changed.. Nothing like that now. 
There is a little passage In law to do with use of force and more specific preemptive strikes etc that is something along the lines of, “ special consideration should be taken around the prosecution of security staff at licensed premises due to the nature of their role and frequent contact with conflict” 
Sure many door staff will agree that consideration is pretty slim sometimes and a genuine concern that I’ve seen people post/ mention is that you can be in a full physical fight with someone that wants to do you harm and you have no idea how much support you will get from a legal perspective. 
You know that if someone complains it’s entirely someone is gonna sit there for hours picking the cctv apart frame by frame with some paper noting every moment of physical contact you make and try to decide from their office chair if they felt it reasonable.
I hear a lot of people complaining that in LA it's hard to find good friends when the better question is, are you a good friend? @USER Yup I am lol.
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Then they wouldn’t really be Muslims living devoid of any influence from the Quran or Islamic teachings, I sincerely hope you don’t assume that all the Quran and Islamic teachings are bad and cause mayhem. Also I don’t think you get the meaning of the word secular by the way you framed the question, secular doesn’t mean abandonment of religion in regards to individual practice but that law should not be based on religious teachings which have no basis in fact, i.e. ban on cow slaughter or blasphemy laws 
I won’t say islamophobia but the way your question is phrased astounds me, can Muslims be secular? Go ask that to all the Muslims protesting to remove a religious delineation on a law. Smh.
@USER  @USER Your a bender. @USER  @USER Disappointed bro.
Are bouncers allowed to search inside your underwear?
Asking for a friend. Very short answer is no. 
Longer answer : can’t be bothered to type it out without context. Did a bouncer actually search your “friends” pants and you want to know if that was ok?
The thought of being anxious. Vicious cycle. Same.
Buntoley invites you to the wedding celebration


            of his Tai and soon-to-be Tau



        Hugri Alexabot  ?and  ? commode

? This joyful outdoor ceremony will be held on?
                  Saturday,4/20

          at 6:09 o'clock in the evening



        Sulabh complex , Haryana


     Reception will immediately follow
   Please RSVP by today on given number

    (Nau do gol gol tera du du gol gol). Bunty where is Bunty father, mother, ancestor.
@USER Wexford had a tougher league campaign than Kilkenny etc. And we've beaten all the other 5 teams left in the championship this year. @USER  @USER I hope to God Wexford show up tomorrow or it ll be like the Kerry game with Wexford playing the part of the Kingdom men.
Halifax once locked my card because "Fraud Detection" after I got the CVV2 number wrong 3 times while drunk.
3 days later, they contact me to confirm if it was me or not.... The only time the Barclays fraud department ever contacted me, it actually *was* a fraud--someone had used my card to buy a plane flight to somewhere. I have my suspicions to this day who did it, but I have no proof, so nothing much to be done. Had to destroy my card and get a replacement, of course.
@USER The best you can do is beautiful lol

Lovely.
I hope you are feeling okay x. @USER Thanks Kym, doing ok. ?
@USER What did it for her? @USER Well, she was anti Trump 2016 and 2020. She was a moderate R. She’s pro choice. She’s pro Lgbtq. She thought 1/6 was a disgrace to all. And she was very upset with how DeSantis dealt with Covid.
Bruh I'm an extended auto confirmed editor on Wikipedia and I'm just staying away from all indian political articles because if any user is found to input bias into these articles, knowingly or unknowingly, they can be banned so most of the stuff that's been written would actually be by non Indian Wikipedians. Also I think that the pages are edit locked so there is no point in bhakts trying to vandalise. Back when CAA was still CAB, somebody had reversed the positions of Hindu and Muslim in the introductory paragraph in a pretty blatant and petty move (Link to fix edit). So this is good news.
It turns out the community turned it into a rainbow fest as a result
 URL. It did!  I live here and can say that more people were for allowing her (and the Pride center) to march than against it. Entire marching bands left when told to take off their LGBT support stickers.  All the bars and businesses along the parade route had rainbow balloons and support signs.  So did the spectators. It was awesome. Change is slow, but its happening here.   I was very proud of Staten Island on Sunday.  They really pulled together as a community.
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER Happy Birthday Claire. Have a great day! ❤️??
My partner went and got some for me... girl went behind the counter and just gave it to him. Didn’t take ID, interrogate him about symptoms... 3 times in the past 4 years, I tried to get some when I was obviously sick... I got refused once (even when I went in with a Tamiflu script)... and the other times was treated like a criminal and had my ID scanned... 
I get my partner to go in... he must look trustworthy, because they always ask him: “how many boxes?”. Everyone gets their ID scanned.
No tik tok, no emojis and is actually funny. When we see emojis on Reddit, we wash em out.
Zee News demands there should be a law for contempt of PM.

If the law is extended to former PMs, even the present PM might be held in contempt. @USER It is a brain child of Pradhan Sevak that his godi media is trying to propagate. Also this law believe me would only be valid till this feku is the pradhansevak.
The powers that be really think we are thick as fuck. When you read comments under most news posts on Facebook/Twitter, a LOT of people really are.
From the restaurants who tell you we'll need the table back in 1.5 hours when you book and are being seated
Like that's in my control. This reminds me of the weekend in London. A pre theatre meal has a time limit, and the table is time limited. Had to ask three of the four waiters/ managers that dealt with finishing meals (as opposed to wait staff) for the bill.
Is Elon Musk buying Twitter or not? @USER No.
@USER ???????? I love you big brother. ? @USER Love you More Sister ❤️❤️.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good evening di. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Brother Ji,

Very Very Good Evening and Sweet Dreams Too ?????
Can anybody shed any light on the following two charges, when booking tickets online for Bord Gáis Energy Theatre:
1. Facility Charge per ticket 
2. Service Charge per ticket
What exactly are these charges?
Why the heck are we paying them whilst booking online?
Thank you. @USER I have no idea. They've done it to me at the Helix every time I've booked online and I've just paid up. I've resented it but I've paid. Maybe it's time we all got stroppy.
Let the events of the last two weeks banish any suggestion that Scotland isn't a vital and integral part of the United Kingdom. @USER How sad that you feel you need to politicise the death of the Queen Is nothing below you and your party ?
>The laws of mathematics are very commendable, but the only law that applies in Australia is the law of Australia. Sshhh!  They only like quiet Australiens  ( URL ).
@USER And please be careful bro. @USER I’m gonna try, i be hongry though?
Nothing is difficult to attain, in this world or the other, to those who have meditation and divine Name in their life. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER ???
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
Direct intervention by the parents. Parents are allowing their little dears to be social terrorists. 
One spit on me once near Ballymun a very long time ago. He was about 10. I ran after him; caught him and frog matched him to his parents which was only around the corner. 
I gave him two choices: parents or Gardaí. 
She clattered him in front of me. "TELL THIS YOUNG MAN THAT YOUR SORRY?" Wack! "WAIT UNTIL I TELL YOUR DA'. YOU'RE IN FOR SOME HIDIN'" Wack! 
She was very apologetic. When she closed the door, she bellowed again: "spitting on people! Have I taught you no fuckin' manners. ". Good response but realistically this just isn’t an option 99% of the time. 
You may be on your way to work or whatever so may not have time to go chasing little rodents. There may well by upwards of 20 of them in the group, chasing after one could be asking for even more trouble. Their parents may take exception to you thinking to discipline their child and have a go at you over it etc etc 
All in all what’s required is for people to raise their children not to be scum.
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER  @USER Firmly secure wow is that like a prison secure I mean what about Democracy? What about Human rights?
Do Unionists not believe in such things? Or do they only apply if you're Not Scottish. I mean surely Scots decide their own Future or is that only outside the UK?
>but how can we after sports rorts?
Pretty easily if the last 6 years are anything to go by. An electorate getting all the leadership it richly deserves.
Pity about those in dissent.
@USER ‘Twas a moonless night, dark as pitch, when out the mist, came a beast more stomach than man. @USER  @USER “Captain McAlister, is it true that you’re not a captain at all?”.
जिस दिन अपन 3 Million फॉलोअर हो गए उस दिन 3 लोगों का रोजगार तय

एक आदमी, जरूरी मैसेज पर त्वरित उत्तर देगा, जरूरी एक्शन लेगा, ट्वीट-फोन से विभाग को भेजेगा

दूसरा आदमी, FB की सेवा में

तीसरा आदमी, आम लोगों के ट्वीट स्कैन करेगा, पता लगाएगा कि आज के अहम मुद्दे क्या है जिस पर बात हो. @USER 3 million to Aasan hai bhaiya.
@USER  @USER Well done Réada, good stuff today. @USER  @USER Sorry I didn't see you Enda. Thanks a million for coming.
You are in the middle of storm Jorge!
Not taking away from the increased input of green energy into the grid, that's awesome, just pointing out that what you are seeing isn't the norm and we still have a ways to go until it is! But with more global warming we can have more freak storms.
Invest in coal. Invest in the future.
From next season, the next generation Chevrolet Camaro will replace the Holden Commodore, while the next generation Mustang will line up for Ford. Much of Australia’s recent history has been tied up in the ‘Ford Vs Holden’ rivalry, with households split evenly for a long time. So sad to see it go!
Nyaa~! Daddy I can’t fit that it’s to big uwu~. you need help.
@USER Hi, we have replied to you via direct message. Please check for more details. Thank you. @USER Just getting replies only and not getting support for the same.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congrats and well done ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you flower shed.
Also, the clown being picked up should be literally waiting at the window or door so there’s no need for driver to honk said horn. 
BE ON TIME PEOPLE! EXACTLY THIS. I could send an anonymous passive aggressive letter actually. 
Make it old skool by cutting out each letter individually from magazines and threaten his garden gnome if his mate keeps honking.
Politics is ruthless. Who has imagined, in Mumbai, there would be two Shiv Sena's Dushera rallies &amp; Balasaheb Thackeray's son Uddhav Thackeray who is also president of Shiv Sena will have to be also asked to prove his father &amp; grand father founded party is the real Shiv Sena. @USER Nobody doubts that, the revolt is against his incompetentancy and lack of leadership skills leading to downfall of thier legacy...
@USER  @USER 
#FlipkartDoglaHai 
Again it happened, the delivery boy is asking me to come for self pickup, no action is taken from the flipkart side. They mark all my issues as resolved.
 @USER 
 @USER 
@hafizsd. @USER  @USER 
#FlipkartDoglaHai 
#flipkartscam 
Going to raise a complaint in the consumer court, please do comment if any one else wants to join with me.
@USER  @USER Fantastic! Bravo Des! ? @USER  @USER Clodagh, he got such a surprise. A wonderful day.
Had my Autumn covid booster this morning and thought I’d got away without any issues. Fast forward 12 hours and I can barely move my arm ??‍♀️. @USER Nooo ?
@USER gm! ?? @USER GB (good BRRRR) to you ser ??
Rice looks a bit overcooked or is it broken rice? Rice is overcooked :).
Wanna sell some crack? Or craic?
Bit worried about it actually. Work in health care and I have asthma.   If I do get it. I am going to be as sick as anything. Fingers crossed you don't! I work in retail and surrounded by people who decide that shopping is the best idea when suffering with colds and sickness bugs. A bit like the health care sector cos I worked there too!
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. Lmao what idiots. Literally breaching the migration act by referencing visa outcomes.
#DWTS is back airing on Disney+ and I see via Twitter the same negative “fans” are going strong. You didn’t have to subscribe! @USER Right? Between the “I refuse to subscribe” and “I subscribed but I hate it” people you have to wonder about their sanity.
The kind of venom Hindutva supporters are spewing at Mulayam Singh Yadav on his demise is at another level altogether. @USER Rather as a true journalist..it should have been...

Venom spewed are similar to when #Jaitley or #Shushma or #Bipenrawat  expired..

Baba..its their in either side.

And siding one make u also culpable.
Like they way the theft of the wood and for use as burning in her home is skipped over so easily. Sure look it, I've planted a few saplings in its place your honour. Should she have chucked em in the bin or something?
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER @PeterObi, your people are so desperate that they planted people to be forcing bus drivers to buy ticket by force and start recording them.

If you go so low sir, we will go 18 feets with you. 

 @USER  @USER  @USER @kofoshiomogeeko.
@USER  @USER Wow! She’s so beautiful!!!!??? @USER  @USER Thank you Anna! ❤️‍?❤️‍?❤️‍?❤️‍?
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. So what's the conspiracy theory? Why would this behavior occur?
Wasnt it said that the coronavirus wont survive in warm climates and that's why regions like Europe are under major threat and regions like Africa and India are relatively safe from a major outbreak ?
Or was that another myth of COVID?
Just googled it and this is the best answer I could find.Guardian
>Is it possible the warmer weather may bring relief?
Some observers have pointed to the fact that Africa has relatively few cases of Covid-19 and that this may be a response to hotter conditions there. The virus cannot take the heat, in other words.
Most scientists counsel caution, however. “The disease has only just arrived in Africa and it is far too early to tell how it will behave there,” says Woolhouse. “We will just have to wait and see.”. Viruses from bats are more resistant to high temperatures as bats produce high temp. While flying.
As for Africa, Africa is less connected to the rest of the world so fewer cases.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. Stuffs amazing. I had a serious chesty cough shortly after Christmas that just would not see to lift. I went through like 3 bottles of benylin before I switched to exputex and it cleared right up.
I am pro First Past The Post, because I am pro the Labour Party.

Let's not give the extremes the keys to number ten. @USER And how's that working out?
Vegemite is the red line. You must like Vegemite. Only in the bedroom.
I would say Barq's. Because it has bite?
Spine chilling visuals of Islamists attacking Hindus in Mominpore, West Bengal  are being reported.

Bikes &amp; Shops of Hindus in Maila Depot, where they celebrated their festival were attacked and vandalised.

Involvement of TMC leaders and their aides is also suspected. ++. @USER It is not that serious. We are use to such in port areas of Kolkata.
Clashes will be resolved in a friendly way.
I think I am the last of a dying breed. I much prefer bar soap, as opposed to liquid soap. @USER ???
@USER Nope you are not the least bit arrogant, idk but most people on Twitter is arrogant but not you. @USER Thank you ? All I do is laugh at someone by making a funny comment?
Big difference is that land is cheaper in Texas and governments dont  interfere with private property rights once zoned. Australia is a locked up country, locked up bureaucracy, nanny state laws and endless regulations that rarely achieves its objectives. From my experience in Texas is that they have a  greater desire to protect the natural beauty and wilderness values than  just about all our governments  while still making Texas the cheapest places to build  a house or own land.  We have lots of potential but we squander our opportunities because of our stupid politicians. ....yes, but here, you're not going to get shot by someone who thinks they have the right to own a military weapon, and if you do get hurt, you can be taken to hospital and treated without having a crippling bill follow you out of the hospital and having to declare medical bankruptcy; you can go to university without being laden with debt as soon as you get out and we have elections that are run by an impartial independent body, not potentially by the incumbent.
Sorry, I'll take here, thanks, over that lunatic asylum.
Friend ran into a door divider and I think he got stitches. That was Grade. 5 or so and on a day where thenschool brought everyone Subway. Dang.
@USER Sir,
It must be great opportunity! 
We are happy to know more details on qualification and skills for the post. @USER You can first apply and if you satisfy our needs, my team will get back..
@USER Which resort hotel is that? @USER I thought I tagged it! Hilton Hurghada Plaza.
What a great way to make money and definitely not get murdered. I see I'm not the only one getting slasher movie vibes.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. lol many appreciative guests slept in their cars that night.
It's not the jedi way. Dew it.
@USER Hi Karan! I am here to help you. I’ve made a note of your concern. Our team will get in touch with you shortly - Priyanshu. @USER Any details you need ?
@USER  @USER  @USER Vic Secret?? @USER  @USER  @USER Most likely.
Because there is a high amount of forgeries of scottish notes south of Scotland. They are are rarer so retail workers are much less likely to spot them as fakes. Don't they train retail workers in how to spot forged notes though? The guy at the corner shop can do that.
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Gambling - a curse for so many.
Niggas be acting like they never saw a thick girl before? @USER Thickness.
@USER  @USER 10. @USER  @USER  @USER OMG,u Robot.
eh... have you been to blanch ? lol
I remember arriving at ITB each morning after a weekend there'd be a new burnt out car in the far side of the car park. "natives getting restless" - was the best phrase I ever heard. A lot of Blanchardstown is really nice. It's a very big area. ITB is closer to Mulhuddart than it is to Blanch village. Mulhuddart, Fortlawn and most of Corduff are shitholes afaik.
Never have liked them or Stephen mulhurn. Oh I can't fucking abide him!
@USER They are verified. No more, no less. @USER Ah.
Me. We learned in science class.
#PUSHPA CLEAN SWEEP AT  @USER  . BEST ACTOR , BEST DIR , BEST MUSIC DIR , BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY , BEST MALE SINGER , BEST FEMALE SINGER &amp; BEST FILM . THANK YOU ALL . HUMBLED ?? @USER  @USER THaggedhele.
Wouldn't it be a lovely gesture if the electricity bills for the businesses giving the emergency services, journalists, and volunteers, free refreshments in #Creeslough was paid for them.
Any idea how this could be organised so that people could donate some money? @USER A  Creeslough lad in Australia started a gofundme for the people if the village with a target of 60k. As I write, it has raised 225k so I think that's probably the place to go.
You can just say fuck. Punctuation would change the sentence.
'You can just say, fuck' - exasperated.
'You can just say fuck!' - implying OP is a fuck
'You can, just say fuck' - say it bud!
Republican? Actually made me laugh, thank you.
We need a couple more Sydney/Melbourne cities so it doesn't all end up in these two cities. 5 million is already uncomfortable. They could be existing smaller cities or we identify areas that have the capacity to be big cities and build from scratch when mass infrastructure can be built cheaply. 
This takes vision and leadership, which we haven't seen in this country in a while unfortunately. >This takes vision and leadership, which we haven't seen in this country in a while unfortunately.
Even with strong leadership, it is pretty difficult to force this in a capitalist, neoliberal society. People live where jobs are, jobs are created by the market, and the market favours existing big economic hubs. It is much easier said than done to shift our population.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Laughs humorlessly in Melbournian.
Am I the only one who likes to have the tv on while I write, instead of music?? There have to be more of us out there! #amwriting. @USER That's me! Haha
My partner watches stuff on Netflix while I write.
@USER Other subject sir g,plij. @USER Everything will be posted.
@USER #TheGazaYouDontSee. @USER  @USER It's basically the Warsaw Ghetto.
@USER I'd add Dames Maggie Smith and Shirley Bassey. @USER Yep definitely.
If you had to gift me the last thing you purchased, what would I be getting? @USER Lol ...sorry anti-diarrhea medicine.
Public Figures who Mysteriously Died, Inside Jobs, Russian Intel, Voting Recounts, The Clintons, and as always, White People. Bonus upvote if you understand the reference of the last category.
Everyone already knows about the states complicity in whatever is happening and has been happening. This isn’t a case of both sides. Hindu supremacists were voted into power, they introduced an anti-Muslim bill, Muslims in Delhi and other parts of the country protested, the centre sent mobs to indiscriminately kill Muslims, loot them, rape them and destroy their properties. Mosques were destroyed and they raised a Hanuman flag on top of a mosque. The police also took part in this. 
Then why is it so hard to say that this is a pogrom against Muslim people? There is overwhelming evidence, and has been for a while now. You’re looking at Kashmir, UP, Delhi. All of the statements coming from the government are blatantly islamophobic, BJP supporters are blatantly islamophobic. So why can’t the obvious be stated? Why does every story in the news cycle have to be about both sides, when it’s just one side that is disproportionately affected?
The basis of this entire article is bullshit. This article doesn't shy away from calling it a pogrom tho. In fact it emphasizes on calling it so. All it says is, acknowledging that some Hindus also lost their lives at the hands of Muslims doesn't discredit the fact that this was state sanctioned violence - a pogrom.
Guess we'll need to legalise polyamorous marriages then. I mean, technically you can buy a house with as many cosignees as you want.
Hardly slept because of my dickhead neighbours. Half tempted to go bang on the door and wake them up in return.
Swimming today with little one. Then I will probably need a nap later on. Neighbours came back at 1.30am loud as hell. I banged on the wall and shouted SHUT THE FUCK UP in the middle of my sleep... they went quiet for the rest of the night but the exhilaration kept me up for hours.
I went off at my JobSearch provider. The one you’re with gets $500+ per jobseeker, only for them to be useless and I still had to find my own jobs anyway. I asked them “What exactly do you do?!”. 
I literally got no help from them and Centrelink pays them to help me! It’s literally a cash grab.
They told me I was rude for asking them what is their purpose?!
Here’s something they keep hush hush, its your right to choose your own JobSearch provider! If you aren’t happy with the support they give you, you can ask for a transfer to your chosen one. It's almost like just having one public job service provider run by the Commonwealth would work.  If there's no incentive for profit then the focus would naturally turn to "shock horror" actually finding work for jobseekers.
Christianity
EDIT: idk why there is so much hate but just saying i have been a christian my whole life. So christianity is the only fake religion and all the ones ones are right? My rebuttle to your comment is “Islam”.
मर्द के शब्द झूठे हो सकते हैं मगर आसूं कभी नहीं.. @USER G mem.
Judging by the tractors tyres it's not really that deep. Seems like it would be really easy to bottom out. True, but they probably would have been ok but for the waves created by the tractor which caused them to jump and one jetski to lose a part ( probably bottomed out as you mentioned).
Maybe this sounds ridiculous, I don’t know. But in a social setting, if it’s not a good cuppa, I’ll ‘forget’ about it. If it’s in an office, I genuinely can forget about it. If it’s not a cup that makes me want to come back to it every few minutes, it’s not on my mind to drink it. Sometimes it comes too light, too dark, sometimes it’s been threatened with milk. Sometimes it’s like dishwater, syrup at the bottom. In every team of every company, there’s usually only one that I trust. I’m of the mindset that it’d be ruder to exclude myself from the tea round system and make myself tea. Is that nuts? >Sometimes it comes too light, too dark
Some invaluable information my Dad passed to me was that a good brew should be the exact colour of He-Man. I live my life by this mantra.
Plague, Inc.  100% fucked. Hahhahahahah. That is just the real world rn.
I'm always in surprised to find muslims in the BJP at the first place. Despite the kind of venom spread by the parties top leadership. Indian culture, as far as understand from my surroundings has been very 'survival' type, despite at this point of time, you dont need it.
50 years from now, you had to lick your bosses or village leaders shoes to simply survive. And that culture is still there. 
With this culture, most ppl dont think whats morally right or i can say no. The line of thinking is mostly, whose ass do i need to kiss to get most financial gain.
@USER I would only add Buffalo Mozzarella and / or Burrata. (Who am I kidding, I mean both). Tomatoes… grilled peaches… the stuff of dreams. @USER Fresh mint, proper peppers and melons, the list is long ?
Loving these meta posts. Came here to say this, really rather enjoyable.
Hitler. Oh wait. Y hide score?
@USER Wonder what he meant by "Hindu movements"? @USER  @USER In his world view, there'd have been Hindu, Christian Islamic movements I guess.
Good luck becoming a mental health nurse. 
I too was admitted to the psych unit. Still trying to make something of myself afterwards. Thanks man I'd like to make a difference in people's lives.
Fixtures matter of course, but Leicester's haven't been great either.

You could maybe say they've been a *little* unlucky.

You could also say that Iversen probably deserves a chance... @USER My old man’s a Leicester fan and can’t believe that iversen hasn’t been given a chance yet.
The ridiculous thing is if they are the flat tie on kind they don't protect the wearer so they are useless for people to steal. Hospital tie-on face masks are designed to stop medical professionals infecting their patient [edit.. and protect the wearer from blood/fluid sprays]. Only the form-fitting P2/N95 rated type protects the wearer [from inhaling particles/viruses].
Edit: source: I have spent many years doing filter/respirator R&D. Some of my papers are cited by 3M (a leading respirator and surgical mask manufacturer) in their technical manuals. This. The crappy ones are for protecting people from the mask-wearer.
gamepigeonaddicts don’t drink alcohol they drink pure human juices. this is the second comments about drinking human juices and i don’t know how to feel about that.
“Everything that exists is born for no reason, carries on living through weakness, and dies by accident” – Jean-Paul Sartre. @USER Everything that exists born for a certain reason.
Clam. Stay clammy and call your mammy.
I got into deep shit  for saying this as a kid, it was explained to me at the time that it was an oath/sweary word  that was derived  from "the blood of christ" not as in eat my body, drink my blood for wafers and wine, but the dripping blood as he was tortured and was dying on the cross, representing the sacrifice made, So as George Carlin would call it in his seven words you cant say on TV, its dirty, but only part of the time.
Side note this was from a family where  a ex-coal-miner grandfather would frequently say 'bucking' with the same context and vehemency as fuck,  eg) "bucking hell!" or "bucking television!", that was perfectly accepted because he didn't actually say fuck, your chosen deity forbid you actually fucking swear! I was told it was a contraction of “by our lady”, ie the Virgin Mary. So technically swearing, but the BVM’s view on the matter has not been recorded so I can’t say whether she minds.
I remember this is when my family and I made the move to Brisbane from UK. it was a bit of a culture shock but there is something special about how 90s Australia felt. I loved going going to an outback school, we ended up in dalby. Guys did 'lappies' in the main street. Underage drinking at Marys pub. (not condoning it) Cigarettes will kill you,  MGF, Regurgitator, powderfinger Recovery, custard. nirvana, foo fighters, Pearl jam, yes spice girls lol. Superjesus was my first concert when I was 18 and living with friends in the late 90s. Livid festival.  I used to mosh! Holy crap lol. Mates I made.The balmy house parties in suburban Brisbane at uni. $1 drinks.  my flatmate watching dawsons creek, going to Lions games with her. Jason Akimanis and Luke Power.
most of the 90s I was at school though. In dalby I remember the Great Locust Plague of 1994. And the mouse plague of '93. National anthem at school assembly. heartbreak High, Drazic, X files, and my friend and I used to make cheesy Mulder and Scully birthday cards. Jimeoin and Bobs cooking show. Aussie comedy. four weddings and a funeral. Listening to Lawsie on the radio with my dad on holidays. riding around town on my bike, dropping in on mates. art class. it was the only one I really liked I think, and English, drama. I remember backchatting teachers. Cross Country runs in 35 degree heat. Celing fans. Lynx deorderant. chatting with my best mate outside school for ages about Ab Fab. we gossipped about teachers like Mrs Brown 'how now brownnn cow' as we watched her drive off in her "Toorak tractor" we used to say. (its ok, bitchiness was deserved),internet got connected in my house when I was in grade 12, I thought it was the biggest deal to be able to chat to a rando across the world.  school camp at Tallebudgera where apparently everyone isn't scared of heights except me. a bat flying into our cabin. my friend screaming. bahaha. Electric blue streaks in my hair. (18) because I thought that was cool ha. qcs exams. excitement about moving out. the last week of school.  yearbooks and saying goodbye. two girls wore the same dress to the year 12 formal and it was awkward.  schoolies. sorry for the punctuation, good thread. Best reply ever.
@USER Was gonna tank this next expac but to my surprise I might be going heals instead if my old guild gets back up! Never healed before but I welcome the new challenge and im going mistweaver. @USER 1) good call on MW and 2) I use Healbot to help me heal, but there are other addons that do similar things.
Seeing the rest of the Democrats show Bernie Bros what’s up has been delightful. Bernie is overrated. Warren and even Buttigieg was a better option than him.
Edit: I meant Warren, not Sanders.
@USER I'm older than you Joel and no!!! Life is always changing and sometimes the best plan is no plan...see where life takes you. @USER Thanks Debs ?
@USER  @USER He just makes me happy ? @USER  @USER Beautiful voice ❤️❤️❤️.
I upset people every time I point this out but Murdoch is going out of business because people aren't consuming the "news" from his fiction factory.
Not only that but Australians don't pay attention to news in general. And when we do it's for the sport or the weather. We're the least likely to consume news in the Western World, and even then we're the least likely to believe what we read or are being told.
The influence of media outlets on the Australian public is well overstated. We simply don't care. You see you say that but then every time I make the stupid decision to check the comments section on any politics or climate change post on facebook, it's inundated with people making the same Murdoch talking points. For a country that supposedly doesn't pay attention to the news, we sure do a good job of parroting what one of the largest media monopolies on the planet want us to parrot.
That Covid-19 is an escaped virus from the Wuhan military biological research facility. Where Chinese assembled it as a biological weapon that killed about 2800 people in 40 days? Mostly old people with previous diseases? Man, what a shitty weapon!
Will travel to Australia via Singapore for about a week in mid April. Anything to worry about? Would suggest avoiding Singapore as of now. Not too sure how it would be in April though.
Spruce trees do fuck all to soak up carbon. That's why their claim that they had planted hundreds of thousands of trees for the environment was bullshit.... it's just for logging. 
Native trees suck it in like a chain smoker. We need more of those. Tonnes of carbon stored per hectare per annum averaged over the rotation cycle of a forest (higher is better) -

Sitka spruce: 3.6
Other conifers: 3.0
Oak/beech: 1.8
Other broadleaves: 2.4

Spruce is significantly better at sequestering carbon than our native species.  Having said that, I'd agree that spruce are horrible in most other ways and I'd love to see forests here planted with native trees.  If we planted more native trees we could make up for the fact that they sequester less carbon, and have some fantastic big forests.
@USER It will be well. @USER My dear prayer can’t work on Nigeria again.
Welcome to the Tim David era. 

#AUSvWI. @USER I love it.
51 (!) people with US Gov. security clearances, all prominent, said Hunters lap dance (!) was like Russian Disinformation. Now it comes down to wordplay. Come on guys, 51 isn't American disinformation? Pity the American people who got hoodwinked very very badly. It's the end of the world as we know it. Who said that?
Tina started bitching about sumbul's work in kitchen

Gautam: she needs the work rn and let her do it on her terms. Maine Jo kaam diya, soch ke diya.

??????? @USER well said.
What's your favorite kind of sandwich? @USER One that's not stale.
read the article!  This place smashed out 80000 cups a year. Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year! This is a good investment. So a cost-benefit analysis actually favours something the liberals have done?
My sister loved stealing my things and my brother loves beating me up. My parents only ever told me to “just deal with it or fight back”. If i fought back I’d just get more hurt. Speaking from experience, my brother was abusive to me and my sisters. Now, I just don't talk to him as much. I wish you the best.
This man is so completely focused towards engineering riots. Gotta stick to your strengths.
Have you seen the Cliffs of Moher? Yeah have u heard of 'the high man'.
Sad to see.
I have to wonder how the likes of C31 would fare as Youtube or even Twitch streams these days.  Is there any estimate of audiences for the community stations? C31 often has up to 180,000 viewers. More than sky news does country wide.
They also livestream on line.
PolitiFact "fact-checked" President Trump almost 6 times as often as they do Joe Biden.

Now you know why Americans don't trust fact-checkers. @USER Perhaps Trump made six times the number of questionable statements.
less discriminatory than partition though. MOVE ON FROM THE PARTITION 
The descendants of people (myself included) that experienced the partition have moved on. Why can't you people?
@USER Did you manage to beat the number 6 and keep your foot going in the same direction? @USER No, I thought I had it at first, but  I tried again, and my foot went the other direction! ?
@USER Black Tower Leibraumilch. Too sweet for me now. @USER Or was it Blue Nun? ?
@USER Surely it’s “wantaway” a word that only gets used during trade period. @USER That’s word #2.
@USER Good Morning Lee. We absolutely do. Hope you have a happy day. ?? @USER Thank you Ron.?
Lol. They said they will demand resignation of HM. 
Aiming for the stars I guess. "Aim for the stars and you will reach the tree top.".
I’ve recently moved to New Zealand and the culture at restaraunts here is to go and just pay at the counter instead of asking for your bill. It’s incredibly liberating and just makes so much more sense than having to wait for your waiter who’s probably horrendously over worked to deliver your bill to your table! Order while in-line, pay before/at the end on the counter is glorious.
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Coffe.
@USER Why is ozuna dh? @USER Both fair questions.
@USER Kabhi kabhi toh lagta hain apun hi bhagwan hain jo baarish karata hain. ?
Was in Malda for a week, everyday it rained. Came back today at Eastern part of Calcutta, it’s raining since morning ? @USER Where is it raining? ?
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Are these people in the room with us now, Dan?
@USER As a local, I LOVE the strip. It's more fun Manhattan just a few minutes away whenever you want it. Then also having suburbian just minutes away with great malls around. It just does not get any better for me!

#goknightsgo. @USER Most people that tell me they are local and love the strip, don’t work on the strip. I’ve lived here my entire life, and I’d rather not hang out where I spend most of my time.
@USER Good morning brother. @USER Good morning bro! #LevelUp.
Wrong step.. Hear me out..
The stupid priest want to create a connection between the cooking and the periods. Periods are OK. Cooking is ok. The portrayal of connection is bad. By organising this, they associated food with periods thereby highlighting the connection. Its the same as we have shit in our stomach too all time and we eat food from mouth. But we never choose to notice this fact bcoz this connection is not that good to think on. The stupid priest won in a way. No priest would tell you to not cook food because you shat that day.
22/23 Premier League Predictions:

?Champions: 
?Rock bottom: 
?Biggest overachievers: 
?Biggest underachievers: 
⚽️Top scorer:
?Most assists:. @USER Liverpool
Fulham
Forest
Leicester city
Haaland
Cancelo.
Hot chocolate from Greggs. Maybe tomorrow on my way to work.
Fuck-a-duck! You’re down the road from me! I hope you enjoyed the night as much as I did.
While I can find plenty of them online, I've never met another Expanse fan. I've never met one either, but I don't go out much. They're out there. There must be loads of em.
@USER I am Murali Reddy I have NISM 8 Now I am Working In AnandhRati Investment Service. @USER You can surely apply with your CV to our  email id hr@vachanainvestments.com 
My team will get back to you.
We're still going to have people coming in to work tomorrow with bad colds and flu 'powering through'. Coughing, sneezing and spreading germs everywhere and infecting their colleagues. Not to mention what this will do to the morale and panic levels now that we have Corona Virus to worry about. 
It seems to have become the norm now that unless your leg is falling off, you need to show up. It's fucking stupid, usually people are incredibly unproductive when that sick and they end up making a rake of other employees sick which in turn has a much bigger impact on productivity and company profits than if they had stayed at home in bed and properly recovered. 
We can't be calling in sick when we only have a dose of the sniffles or relatively minor ailments but some common sense from employees and bosses would go a long way to curbing the spread of this virus and the spread of seasonal flus in general. 
You'd hope that most large companies are developing action plans and counter measures at the moment. Protocols on what to do if members of staff are ill, asking people to go or to remain at home, encouraging employees who don't need to be physically present to work from home where possible. 
I'm mostly talking about standard, non customer facing office jobs here. I do understand for a lot of unfortunate people, this would be impractical due to a lack of sick pay allowance or the nature of their job means that it can't be done remotely. Then there's the huge percentage of people who simply can't afford to miss even one day without suffering financially. 
We really need a plan for this in the event that it becomes as serious as Italy. We have nothing to lose by preparing and containing. I deal with customers at a front desk every day (not in healthcare btw). People are fucking disgusting - they will come in if they have colds, flus, mumps(!), chickenpox, infections... I've seen it all. I wish I was exaggerating. They will literally come in after their doctor's appointment.
I'm always doing the hand-washing/hand sanitizer thing, but I have no escape from how careless and unhygienic the public are.
Most supermarkets are out of sync as the storms messed up supply chains and deliveries. Supermarkets don't have warehouse space to put too much stuff 'in the back', so when 4deliveries arrive at once, it's bonkers. Stuff gotta go somewhere- shopfloor it is. the lady on the till said something similar, I honestly would not be shocked if she had told me a warehouse was closing, just so odd to see what should be a proper laid out supermarket, just looking a total mess, stuff in any random place, with no care at all.
wwhat's the pattern called at Myer?
Edit: it's Wild Fur You Australiana version lol. Go to lalalandahop.com.au I just looked at the bottom of the cup lol.
The NFL is rigged. 
I mean, there’s too much money on the line per game for there not to be someone wanting to fix it. And it’d be so easy to: you don’t need to even tell the players, just have a coach make a bad call in a critical moment or have a ref make a call a certain way on a close play and that’s it. 
The New England Patriots are one of the most successful franchises in history, in one of the wealthiest parts of the country that has a ton of disposable income and a love of football. That’s no coincidence. 
The browns moved to Baltimore because it was more profitable for them. Super Bowls are blowouts or close games based on the highest payers’ time slots in the game. There’s billions of dollars flying around every Sunday for a third of the year, you know someone is going to want to make sure it gets in their hands. All valid points.
OMG! How many ads, external and internal links can you add on one article!!!!!!
India times : Infinite, the number is infinite. If you’re not using an adblocker in 2020 then you’re exposing yourself to a crap load of unnecessary web tracking.
Some site has your number, the other has your email and they’re all following you around the web if your not using any kind of ad and tracker blocking.
So that happens is that these fuckers are teaming up and tracking what you do around the web. Then then send you ads, emails, try to manipulate you with their ads and worse, try to scam you.
Use ad and tracker blocking. That shit ain’t no joke anymore. Web is a nasty nasty place and advertisers are pooping all over it.
@USER Many thanks Lorraine. @USER I forgot to mention that it was an MSc in Dementia care that you graduated with  ?
Morning, just heard from my landlord my rent is going up. #ToriesDestroyingOurCountry #ToriesUnfitToGovern. @USER Is it in writing..? If not, rise not legally enforceable....
@USER ?
Most peaceful people on the planet. @USER As long as no one messes with us, leave us in peace.
@USER Yet they Ok the return of torque converter automatics smh. @USER  @USER I think their launch systems are better for it.
Jokes & fun aside, keep a watch on bhakts and similar hate spreading accounts. If they go down sharply, then this is a whistle before crackdown on social media. If I can read his methods and track records, this is what he does  before any kind of drastic measures. A few days before his Kashmir 'masterstroke,' bhakts in my family were getting forwards asking if Kashmiris should be allowed to live on the government's dime.
@USER SA rugby has a great vibe...people live and breathe in....newlands was special as well...glad I got to see a few games here. @USER Loved Newlands for cricket.  Not so much for the rugby.  Greenpoint is a much better location for the rugby.
@USER there's literally zero shame in writing "B was the first time I became aware of X, as it turned X mainstream", especially compared to "B was tbe source of X". @USER There never is, of course experience tells me that its entirely dependent who and what you are.
The gold rush, the Melbourne real estate crash, Japan invading Russia, discovery of the XRay and who could forget the coronation of Tsar Nicholas II? how old are you??
I'm not very sexually driven, but a i think an oddly cute look on girls is a oversized hoodie with short shorts on, idk why, and no not like a vesco girl, I would rather stab my eyes with forks. *tesco.
Delhi police doesn't allow eve teasing, theft, rape.. They still happen. Police cannot stop everything. Haven't you seen the video of person aiming gun at Delhi police? Haven't you seen videos of Delhi police men escaping while rioters torch PCRs with stones. The govt. Should give Delhi police shoot at site orders if we expect them to control this violence. I wasn't aware that all those theft and rape happens while the fucking DCP stands by the side and watch. I was also not aware all those thieves and rapists after commiting the crime carry out a "peace" with permission of Delhi police.
So another fuckup by the FAI. Can't really blame the FAI, the referee is supposed to call off the game if it's deemed unplayable.
@USER Wow, Jacob Rees-Mogg must be wetting himself with happiness. Back to those longed for Victorian era days, where the rich live in comfort and luxury. Everyone else can just f**k themselves.
Liz Truss, prime minister for the 1%. @USER  @USER And this is before they start dismantling the worker and environment protections that the EU gave folk.
There's still plenty on the RFS map ? Yeah I just had a look myself, all the ones I checked except 2 were last updated a few hours before this tweet. info on the app can be over 24 hours out of date sometimes for the really minor stuff.
They only do really frequent updates to the “oh shit” fires because it’s all manual, it’s not an auto updating live system
Most of the ones I checked were last update around 9am.
? I will never become full on vegetarian/vegan, BUT the more I expand my knowledge on improving nutrition &amp; overall health, the better that approach looks. @USER ???same.
Dear  @USER please understand that it’s not allowed to call people who are under DND. Whenever we visit your site, you people are tracking us and we see you calling us. This is not appropriate.  @USER  @USER please take necessary action. Your executive Karishma. Just called while I was on your site and this is shocking that how can you track and trace like this. No more dealing with ICICI Pru henceforth.
Richard Arnold to fans: "We're doing everything  we can to get Frenkie De Jong and I'm telling you the money is there for him." [@MufcWonItAll]. @USER  @USER and how's this now going to affect the negotiation with Barca? We will hstvhave to pay up instead of negotiate now?
Why. Because it’s outstanding at low temperatures! Since it’s -14 here today, it should perform incredibly well.
Peter Dutton is on  @USER again this Sunday This is his third appearance since the election. @USER  @USER  @USER Haven't watched since just after Speers took over... Don't need his biased Murdoch ignorance in my life &amp; he does not even try to hide his, or the bias of 'our' @ABCTV..
When I was younger, was working in an old high end hotel with a preacher who was a plumber, as he pulled out a circa 1950’s rubber dildo. The opening scene to one hell of a movie.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER सत्य कथन आपका

सनातनियों को समझना जरूरी है कि निर्दोष Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu को जमानत या पेरोल क्यों नहीं मिल रही है!!??
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aren't they beautiful. xx. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aren't they just Jo? ?️??xx.
i need them to expand on hob gadling’s storyline and give him flashbacks. i want roaring 20s hob, world war ii hob, flower-power 60s hippie hob, 70s glam rock hob. give me all the hobs. 

#hobgadling #ferdinandkingsley #sandman #thesandman #thesandmannetflix #renewsandman. @USER So you want a spinHob?
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Everything, there is no god. Stop beleving in nonsens.
F*CK YES! Ron DeSantis is under federal Investigation by the US Department of Treasury over his use of COVID Relief Funds to fly migrants to Martha’s Vinyard. @USER Why not makes more sence.
मैदान में हरा हुआ इंसान फिर से जीत सकता है
                    लेकिन
मन से हारा हुआ इंसान कभी नही जीत सकता! @USER Right ?
Make it legal for the Coastguard lads to be allowed to batter them once they've gotten them ashore. They shouldn't be sent out to get them. Just give them a cheery wave from the shore and get a cup of tea in.
I burst out laughing when a distant relative told me that her newborn daughter was called Tinkerbell. I thought she was joking, she wasn't. Poor kid. See! I have a 1 year old and I would be doing exactly this daily if I didn't have my few deep breaths before meeting every baby.
@USER  @USER He went to the school LOOKING first his child, killed others, left and found his wife and child
Murder suicide 
Ex cop with a drug problem. @USER  @USER  @USER With a Known problem.
Start your day off right, with the stimulating news that Alex Jones is no longer allowed to run his InfoWars company, per a federal bankruptcy judge.

ENJOY! @USER That just made my day.
Mera koi dost nhi hai yaha? @USER I m here.
@USER  @USER I've seen jazz described as "appropriating black culture"... Where does influence end and "appropriation" begin? Not a trivial question. @USER  @USER  @USER “Can white guys play the Blues?”, and other assorted clichés?
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER @PeterObi, your people are so desperate that they planted people to be forcing bus drivers to buy ticket by force and start recording them.

If you go so low sir, we will go 18 feets with you. 

 @USER  @USER  @USER @kofoshiomogeeko.
@USER  @USER Who says that the allegations were false? @USER  @USER  @USER Are parley CBI also said fake allegations…# Chatu.
The NFL manipulates it’s games just enough in order to get the best product out of their season because they are a business with billions of dollars on the line. This is just a fact?
The kind of venom Hindutva supporters are spewing at Mulayam Singh Yadav on his demise is at another level altogether. @USER A tragic chapter in the history by Indian Democracy shall come to an end soon. The Hindutva groups &amp; the body media will be paying a price for their Unconstitutional blunders. Jai Hind.
At the moment the coronavirus has a higher mortality rate than the Spanish flu, it also seems to spread very quickly and can live on surfaces for upto 9 days. Given that it wouldn’t take much for Irish hospitals to become overwhelmed, how bad do you think this could get? It wouldn’t take much for already limited resources to become overwhelmed. But the HSE have been getting prepared for this and the infectious disease units are ready and waiting for serious cases.
Not going to lie to anyone, it’s going to get worse before it gets better. But the vast majority of cases will be mild, we just need to keep on top and take it serious if we’re told to self isolate.
Cheating on your barber is much worse. They know you’ve done the dirty. Tell me bout it, I cheated on my barber two days ago, purely because I was just off nightshift an happened to be close to a different barber, Result? Shit haircut an two quid more, that'll teach me!
Have you ever smoked pot?

Be honest. @USER Yes yes yes.
@USER And please be careful bro. @USER I’m gonna try, i be hongry though?
This shit show will be over in 2024. Shah and Modi will be kicked back to wherever shit hole they came from and their balls will be clipped. And then Yogi Adityanath will come.
@USER I discovered mine at 52! Go for it! ❤️. @USER Amazing! Would love to know what it was, if you wouldn't mind sharing? ?
What did this setup cost you. Would love to go solar but all of the solar panel "grants" sound a lot like scams. Not in the conventional sense but that it's not actually the person with the panels who ends up saving anything for 20 odd years. Panels and inverter cost me £4k all in , fitted.  (4KW system)
Immersun (hot water / heat diverter device) cost me £200 fitted, already had an electric element in the hot water cylinder. 
thinking about going for a battery next, but that will cost more than the whole setup cost. We've had our system for 5 years almost (bought it in 2015) and it's already paid for itself both in savings and the income generated and in theory at least, there's 15 years left to go on my FIT contract (payments) and a life of about the same left on the panels.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Melbourne summer 2019-20 climate summary
"Both daytime and night-time temperatures were generally close to average at all reporting sites in Greater Melbourne" 
According to the above, temperatures were around normal and rainfall was above average. Maybe you are already used to above average summers from the past few years, so a summer in line with the historical average feels cold to you? Or the increased rain made you perceive the temperature as being cool due to less sunlight?
@USER Oh did they change the name because everytime I see someone post something about Cleveland baseball they are saying “go tribe” “heading to the Indians game” so wasn’t sure if the name change actually went through. @USER No they’re not.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 10 minutes.
We went to Glasgow and nearly got stabbed by some fella in his 40's. why? what did you do to the poor guy?
Bearer Party, to the pub - quick march. Bearer Party, lift tankard. Bearer party, down beer. You’ve earned it. @USER Hey stephen, you are the king of twitter. Goodman.
Is the unit in the jeans and t-shirt some random dude who walked in off the street, or did he actually attend a wedding in that? He's dancing like a cephalopod...
Dr. Claw is Inspector Gadget. 
Edit. Dr Claw is human inspector and Inspector Gadget is obviously a younger “clone” of him. I love this!
But why?
Comment down your favourite SENA century of  @USER ? @USER  @USER 123 at perth.
@USER  @USER please share your advice . @USER  @USER Just saw. Will do ?????
Just needs some sausages in it. My family also does a Yorkshire like this but instead of sausages puts the whole roasting joint in the middle (not covered with batter mind you) , the meaty juices infuse the pudding with amazing flavour.
Are these surgical mask you're talking about or P2 masks?
I do the ordering for our faculty which needs masks and P2 masks are non existent to order, it's a nightmare. We have plenty of surgical masks in stock so I'd hate for those to be hard to get when I re order  them. surgical masks. we have always have our p2 locked away.
My youngest brother and his wife married on Feb 29th. He became my hero. Today is their fifth anniversary. Means it's been 20 years since their marriage?
@USER Dear customer, we regret the inconvenience faced. We request you to please lodge the matter with our customer care service at 1800 180 2222/ 1800 103 2222 (toll free)/ 0120-2490000 (tolled number). @USER No one is picking up the call,kindly arrange a call back.
Please tell me you have helmet cam footage! mope :( I'm going to get one after this, its the third or fourth time i've come across something so obviously dangerous and blatant on the bike.
I maybe next time I should fly out from London Birmingham. Don't take the easy route, go from Glasgow London Airport.
@USER Chilling on Twit, while recovering from 3 dental extractions. Call me Gummy. @USER Poor bugger,did you have to take out a lone. Ian.
9/11, no matter what you say or think, that was absolutely, 100% guaranteed... An inside, controlled demolition based, Governmental job. a conspiracy that big, being kept quiet for 20 years, is ridiculous.
Can anyone redirect me to the right kind of n95 masks to be used as precaution? Would appreciate any links. Wash hands 
-When you Wake up
-Every 2-3 hours with proper soap and hum along to a song, atleast till you reach 3/4ths of the song approx 5 mins 
-Before you go to bed.
The reality is, the level of denial about how much tax people pay in Ireland means we'll never have a Nordic social democracy.
Voters want somebody else to be made to pay, and the realisation that wealthy people are the only ones even close to paying the tax burden of a standard social-democracy is something no Irish politicians will dare to utter. Great article. There is a lot to take in there and I don't think the majority of people who voted for SF and 'change' would be happy about having to pay that much more tax to get the housing and health changes they want. 
They just want to tax the corporations and that won't be enough. 
If the next government do decide to take the country in that direction of higher taxes for all then FFG will be back in power in four years with a sizeable majority.
Cheating on your barber is much worse. They know you’ve done the dirty. Say you were attacked by Edward scissorhands.
Black mambas?  He can get fucked.  We have Taipans thank you very much. Exactly! This guy kept getting increasingly annoyed at the fact that Australia is not paved with the blood of millions of people being slaughtered by kangaroos. He thinks that the amount of death kangaroos cause every year is equivocal to the amount of death caused by gun violence in America per year.
The theory that there's a cure for cancer out there somewhere. Not a developmental one, but one that has a high success rate, like vaccines for various diseases.  It's probably locked away guarded by heavily armed guards.  Imagine how much money the medical world would lose when an easily accessible cure is put on the market. There's a lot of buzz around these researchers in Cardiff, Wales.UK. 
They stumbled upon a possible cure using T-cells.
Interesting video:
 URL.
One thing to understand is, that this cannot be contained, all analysts are saying that countries can only buy time, while they get prepared. So it will definitely come, it is even spread to US and Canada. 
Also this is not a death sentence, chill and follow best practices. Might not be a death sentence, but to a country of 1.3 billion, if it spreads and people to not listen to health officials, it can cause serious damage that will be very expensive in terms of recovery. 
We all have China as an example, see how much of the businesses are struggling and how much it is impacting the economies. With only 2 cases confirmed in India, the the sentiment if the investments have been affected today.
So I definitely would suggest to chill, but also to be prepared....
Should a woman ask a man out or wait? @USER Always ask...you have nothing to lose.
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The F#%&gt;ed Up Chaos.
>They'd just seen their government announce a partial relaxation already, with about 760 high school students allowed to return from China to Australia.
i don't follow the logic of allowing secondary but not tertiary students to enter
surely both groups carry a similar level of risk, and while high school started five weeks ago, unis are only just returning now, and students would be anxious to be able to start ASAP 
and from an economic perspective i would expect revenue from tertiary students to be much higher than that generated by secondary students. There is no logic. Logic and politics don't mix.
My last question of the day: What do the TV shows that you like have in common? @USER Fantasy.
Just lost few of my brain cells. "The Indian gene is covid19 resistant", roflmao lost all my brain cells at the very start!
@USER  @USER  @USER Vic Secret?? @USER  @USER  @USER Most likely.
@USER No your so humble .unique .down  to earth Girl  podda. @USER Thank you dear ?
Great. Grab a corona before the virus closes the pubs and stores. Which one? The one from Mexico or China?
I haven’t been paying attention to the news. Right on. Stay away from it. Nothing good comes out of it.
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Its social media afterall. Everything is a gimmick.
@USER Modric and Viduka. @USER Makes sense. Pretty sure Viduka was born in Croatia.
Is there an unemployed area? The north.
Because she invested her own money to have the place cleaned up and painted. Now the landlord can command more rent from a new tenant. It would be good if there were longer term leases, or the right to extend the lease (perhaps up to 10 years or similar).
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. I struggle with this as well..... It would be a huge hell of a conspiracy theory.
Should I make a giveaway when I have 30k followers?? @USER I am 1 winner for it already ?
I literally passed a cafe an hour ago with himself sat in the window with other people and he looked stressed to fuck. I'm sure he's not worried about his staff members who he laid off. Click farms are nonsensical. If any account or post has a high number of likes or followers I'm always wondering how many actual real people liked it or followed it and how many bots did the same.
@USER  @USER Oh yes. Johnsons was a danger to national security will Truss be the same? @USER  @USER  @USER More than likely!
Meh buy a bottle of Vodka or Gin and mix it with some Palmolive dish soap, "Madge our soaking in it". Metho is good enough, amazing how dumb people are at reading labels!
I load a couple of spray bottles and spray and wipe everything. I even have a bottle at work and i squirt every door handle and even the dunny seat and door handles.
Then theres Whiteking  that is used in every  air locked medical research institute and is known to kill anything. It was proven the most effective in AIDS wards over other super killer cleaning products. Good old bleach.
Resist going down the rabbit hole of any ideology including religion. Keep an open mind. Username checks out.
You should make a greater effort. Forget the past and trust more in God. Our fate is not predestined by Him; nor is karma the sole factor, though our lives are influenced by our past thoughts and past activities. - #ParamahansaYogananda. @USER Again fear of fate.If one is prepared for that ultimate fate 'Death' What's past,present or future ? Why are all your teachings focused at reducing stress and sorrows alone? Stress &amp; sorrows are perceptions and it's one's choice to be sad or happy. 

Lord Krishna's grace ??♥.
Is there anything I can say other than “the President rode his bicycle into a tree”? @USER Your President is a Klutz!
>"What's not to like? Custard, good. Jam, good. Beef, GOOD!". >It tastes like feet!
The #stage3taxcuts blab fest continues on your ABC #afternoonbriefing #InsidersABC #TheDrum there's no other news. @USER  @USER Such lazy journalism.
? I will never become full on vegetarian/vegan, BUT the more I expand my knowledge on improving nutrition &amp; overall health, the better that approach looks. As I dive more into health challenges that are prevalent within my family &amp; friends (heart disease, auto immune diseases, neurological diseases), research points to improving food choices for better nutrient density.
जबसे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की हत्या हुई है तबसे अब तक 35 बॉलीवुड फिल्मे फ्लॉप हो चुकी है,,

कुछ साल और बहिस्कार और सारी गंदगी साफ़ हो जाएगी बॉलीवुड की !! @USER Yes mam I agree with you ❤️.
r/gatekeeping toast now?
For shame! I like my toast burnt and stake well cooked.
r/unpopularopinion ?
They don't raise any emotion from me. Which may be worse than hating them. I remember they were on a show with Jack Dee. Jack Dee said "The only reason why people watch you is because it's the only time that two geordies are not having a punch up".
@USER Can't it be claimed on insurance then they chase the money   ? @USER  @USER Insurance companies don’t cover drunks. As soon as you get behind a wheel with too much alcohol on board your insurance is null &amp; void.
@USER  @USER That comment sounds so creepy in any context outside of a record lmao. @USER  @USER Hahaha exactly what I was going for.
Started feeling difficulty in swallowing and then after a few hours , voila! Pharyngitis !
Just one day before exam sickness is just the cherry on the icing of my not so good preparation for the cake that's gonna be my results. oh i know that feel bro, once i had this head hammering viral fever and exams ke beech me vo bhi.
>Save the cheerleader. Save the world
lol ! I liked the first two seasons of Heros, like everything it kinda dropped off towards the end.
@USER That time, when a huge curtain reveal the whole fun fair at SQL Bits Party Telford. @USER  @USER Wow. Missed that one. It was 60s when I did Telford.
Released weekly. Damn... I’ll just wait.
@USER I have no idea how that game goes but I am one hundred percent positive Tennessee can’t score 50 on LSUs defense. I’d be happy to bet money on this if there are any takers. @USER  @USER Matt House is a great DC. Hated when he left UK but Brad White is damn good too.
Bitch please, everyone knows it's Bernie Sanders that is triggering riots. Naaah, its Nehru.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER safe travels guys and have a great time! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Garry! X.
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER No matter how long it takes falsehood to journey truth will prevail and overpass it. Their messiah has gotten to a free slope that may slide him into political obscurity IRE O.
Can Lecroix pick up a second yellow before FT? @USER Leave him on liability ?
Election Predictions: Republicans will win the House! Stacey Abrams will lose in Georgia!   Any takers? @USER Yo crazy dude.
What about those other things that Hindis did do? Real life is not a game. You kill someone in red team, Red team kills someone in blue team. Revenge match is only better in game. More than the Red & Blue, people need to think that both are people with family, kids. Only thing different is the team.
Stop forming group for stupid things. Modi group, Congress group, Everyone is forming fucking cults. You don't vote people to support the cult. You vote to ensure everyone gets to live without any fights.
DeleteReligion.
? #IBD patients - what bothers you most about your IBD at this particular moment in time?

Whether related to disease, service, cost, quality of life... whatever... The mic is yours! ? Take it away... @USER My life is so restricted since last year, diet, trips, events. I haven’t found any real balance with medication and I’m on weekly doses of immunotherapy injections and no improvement! ?
Apparently I went to the only school in the country that never served these. However:
> Turkey Twizzlers contained just 34% turkey; bulked up with water, pork fat, rusk, and coating, and loaded with additives, sweeteners, and flavourings. They were found to be made up of 21.2% fat when cooked
Mmmm, I'll give em a miss. Nah we never had them either. Had never even heard of them before pukka pants got on his high horse.
Who remembers that Saturday morning tradition of getting up at 9am and settling in front of the television to watch Video Hits? Recovery was far superior.
Is 9/11 really not on here? On "best" there's one literally over 4 hours old with over 1K upvotes, and, on mobile, the first page without having to "show more." Sorting by "Top," it's only halfway down. I've read dozens of others prior to your comment, too. C'mon man, read or use find in page function. Did you really think YOU were the first, in over 8K comments on a conspiracy theory thread to mention 9/11?
Everytime the typical vegetarian tries to guilt trip me about my food choices, I point out that the dairy industry is just as brutal and has a similar carbon footprint. I ask them to stop eating milk, dairy, ice cream and chocolates. That shuts them up. You are right. But instead of asking them to go vegan, best to start with yourself :).
u/VredditDownloader. beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!


Download via  URL 


Downloadable soundless link


Audio only


First link is active for 6 hours. Mention me again if it is down

Info&#32;|&#32;Support&#32;me&#32;❤&#32;|&#32;Github.
J Sea B. nizlopsea.
To busy raiding the ABC for whistleblowers who outed the government's corruption. Besides they are too busy surfing through everyones metadata for the political dirt units. "Sic em Mate".
Guy not only fractured his femur during baseball, but dislocated part of the bone. That's two years ago, and according to social media he is still rehabilitating. That isn’t good.
469+1th comment. silver phek ke maru?
How they are still getting people on it is beyond me like there are only so many people in Ireland who would participate, HOW is it not the same people on it the whole time. The village pedophile a few towns over from me has been on it twice or 3 times now. Apparently he says he goes in and spends like €50 or more on scratchers every week and nearly always gets at least 1 winner. Then he waits until he has at least 10 winning cards and sends them all in at the one time to up his chances of getting on.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER Shameful and embarrassing.
Personally I have the Contigo Autoseal and honestly love it! I’ve heard many good things about Frank Green as a whole but also seen mixed reviews on the coffee cups. I see. I won't lie, I kinda like the Frank Green's design. 
As far as I know, they make only coffee cups, are you referring to any particular product or that you've heard good things about FG overall?
I would say Barq's. Because it has bite?
BETRAYAL 
That's why AAP comes out as worst in this whole issue.
Congress wants to win LS, and they didn't hide it.
BJP wants to destroy democracy and establish Brahmin Patriarchy and they are not hiding it.
~~AAP~~ Kejriwal portrayed  himself as savior and a hero, one who fights for 'AAM AADMI' and when we needed him the most he showed his true colours, hiding in his cave like a snake in complete silence, Enjoying his CM ship for next 5 years, their would be another jumla the next election comes. A true politician.
You can check my comment history, I called him hero time to time and i know many of you too. Well, let's see how it all unfolds. I am not sure what the end game of AAP is, or what they were thinking when they didn't step up for the violence or let this sedition case happen. We will know in time. As said, AAP is another political party and is no different than others. That being said, perhaps someone should clariify exactly what made them take these decisions.
What type of woman is Carrie Symonds? @USER She's a social climbing slapper.
It’s to give the impression of them having a weapon(knife, D-lock, etc) so they are more threatening to other teenage bys. The penis mightier than the sword.
Had a glance at the 6 o'çlock headlines, it's all "this is what you need to buy to prepare."
The next few days will be interesting. Commercial news is all about
NEWS ALERT
Is [some ongoing event] about to [speculation without evidence to cause viewer concern]?
We'll tell you how to protect [pause] your family.
I didn't know they got an actor to play Ted's height... that's impressive. Maybe I missed my calling as a height actor? Daniel Day Lewis really can do everything can't he.
So, i woke up just before 6am in this house my friend is renting.... We arrived last night after dark with a car absolutely stuffed to the roof with every wordly possession &amp; 12bt of wine #WinemakerThugLife. Unsurprisingly, we were both exhausted (having driven over from Meopham during bloody rush hour on the M26/M25/M4/M3 (so yes, the absolute pinnacle of driving good sense and calm behaviour).
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER Yes and very easy. I think I made my appointment for the next day.
@USER Why is ozuna dh? @USER Both fair questions.
The more you see it, the more you realise that the ordinary citizen thirsts for a more inclusive and humane India. This is why the #BharatJodoayatra is gaining more traction by the day. @USER People those who feel bharat is broken, do #BharatJodoYatra ? . Isn't not Shame on #congressitoolkit and #RG . If it would have led by Proposed presidential candidate or current president makes sense. Let thim.first stick to one constituency for the betterment of locals.
@USER The silent English majority will put them back into power though, as always, gullible bastards.
Scotland out asap. @USER  @USER I really hope and think they are not the majority. Maybe I should take up fishing.
Maybe this sounds ridiculous, I don’t know. But in a social setting, if it’s not a good cuppa, I’ll ‘forget’ about it. If it’s in an office, I genuinely can forget about it. If it’s not a cup that makes me want to come back to it every few minutes, it’s not on my mind to drink it. Sometimes it comes too light, too dark, sometimes it’s been threatened with milk. Sometimes it’s like dishwater, syrup at the bottom. In every team of every company, there’s usually only one that I trust. I’m of the mindset that it’d be ruder to exclude myself from the tea round system and make myself tea. Is that nuts? >Sometimes it comes too light, too dark
Some invaluable information my Dad passed to me was that a good brew should be the exact colour of He-Man. I live my life by this mantra.
Like why? We get it, coronavirus is serious, but you don't need like 20 packets of toilet rolls?? There are serious supply issues with toilet paper in China.
You even had a gang of thieves steal a pallet full of toilet paper at knifepoint a couple of days ago in Hong Kong. 
The demand is seriously that high.
Having a big butt. Nah it’s always been attractive, people just say it proudly now.
“Everything that exists is born for no reason, carries on living through weakness, and dies by accident” – Jean-Paul Sartre. @USER Everything that exists born for a certain reason.
Checked my bank account and I think my wife and I are in dire straights.
I really hope she knows some of the chords. @USER An old guitar is all he can afford….
@USER My sister is comma that is your problem, pls add it to make it complete. @USER  @USER ?
i have no idea why I’m so horny. it’s ridiculous off the charts. #thisis45. @USER Awesome ?
@USER Good morning Sis!!! Will try my best to spread love and joy today. Going to vote early!!! My brother-in-law is running for the 8th distrect Appeals Court!!! So excited to vote BLUE all the way!!! Be blessed today!!!
?❤️?? @USER Thank you Brenda. Have a nice day.❤.
India is getting isolated internationally for no apparent benefits!
&#x200B;
Iran was selling oil at discounted price to India, if oil supply from middle east gets disrupted, will bhakts run vehicles using cow urine?
&#x200B;
#tadipar #jumlabaaz #chaddichandan. Dalits will be drafted. cycle rickshaws will come back in vogue.
@USER  @USER  @USER  you are missing the Annual Coddle twitter chat - well that’s what you get for going somewhere foreign????? @USER  @USER  @USER Coddle is not brown, that’s like saying wet white pudding !
1000/400. i get 940/40.. uplink still broken. thanks myrepublic. Where the hell are you getting speeds that high?
Avoid zero days (do something productive at least once a day) and read (odds are someone smarter than you figured out something you want to know and wrote it down). I’m having an existential crisis it seems I just gotta make sure I keep myself busy I guess.
The law is designed to fast-track citizenship for religious minorities being systematically persecuted in neighboring Muslim countries. Why is that discriminatory? That’s such a stale debate at this moment. Of course caa on its own is only against Indian values but not discriminatory to any Indian citizens. The trouble is when you combine it with nrc. 
That assclown of a home minister has already said they plan to implement it nation wide. All it takes to calm the people down is to come out with a statement saying that he was wrong when he said that and the government has no plans of implementing nrc nation wide in the form in which it was implemented in Assam.
The reason why is because "Britannia Rules" the waves, and Brexiters want to believe it that way. Indeed, god bless 'em! Killybegs by volume & value is largest fishing port in IRE. Brussels better not throw us under the bus on this front.
Related aspect re Irish territorial waters that keeps surfacing on back of Brexit-
Let's look a decade out when a UI will likely be dealing directly with an independent Scotland. Despite my own musings on the topic, Rockall is clearly in Scottish waters. Salient aspect is the potential gas/oil/mineral reserves immediately due south in Irish waters...this could get very messy!
Playing a fun game here, "Are they gay or do they just live in the inner North suburbs?". Dangly earrings, tiny shorts, an aztec patterned fleece and a shaved undercut/curly mullet are the look du jour.
Whataburger. I miss Whataburger so much. Moved back home and the best we've got now is Lee's Chicken.
AITA for throwing my sister in front of a train
Little bit of back story: My sister just bought me a apple watch, it wasn't the newest so I was super pissed. Like what the hell? Who buys an apple product and not the newest? But anyway I was annoyed all day. It was my birthday and my dad bought me a new Ipad which was nice altough only the 128 GB version and I asked for the 256 GB.
So to the point. I was at the train station with my sister and my. And I put the Apple watch my sister gave me on craigslist for free to pick up. (Who's gonna use that trash LMAO) So my sister saw me do that. She got angry at me like what the hell? So as the train came up to the platform I pushed her in front of it.
I am now faced with charge of murder, like wtf she got what she deserved. I am now posting this from her funeral laughing my ass off.
Was I the asshole? I don't think I did wrong neither do my friends and 4 million instagram followers. This is just a waste of time smh... this is old.
You just need to know the first line, then mumble along with the rest of us! I still have it ingrained from Irish college.
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER Should have happened years ago.
Way to fear monger, OP. What a dumb thing to post. You think doing a calculation from a public data set is fear mongering? Gimme a break. Go fight some real crime, would you?
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I don't even think he's dead. There's a bunch of shady shit with his autopsy and he could've easily faked his death.
@USER The market defines how students/consumers perceive. If companies/HR  systems demand a degree, ths will continue. When they demand skills, intellect, attitude, persona, purpose - consumers will adapt. Onus our side of the fence. Campuses continue creating wealth for shareholders. @USER It's a wicked problem . Corporates are very unhappy with today's graduates , and find most of them unemployable , which is why they spend so much on training them after hiring them.
What sort of screening did they do? Blood tests?
There is no screening happening on flights to/from Ireland. The focus is currently on ensuring travellers are informed and having people self-report concerns. Probably an ocular patdown.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I was intrigued to the extent to which Ian Holloway transformed Blackpool's squad in the build up and during promotion to the Premier League, in the 2009/10 season. Achieving promotion against overwhelming relegation odds, was inspiring ⚽️ also the human qualities he brought.
Bugger no dunny paper oh well courier mail will have to do. Just remember to crumple, roll and crumple. You dont want to end up with "Murdoch red ass syndrome" Its bad when your ass looks like his face.
It’s eeth not eh-th. It’s bay-see, not bake. It’s en eff tees, not niftys. Plz stop the madness. @USER I el-oh-elled! I did not loll.
आजकल के लोग गाय चराने में शर्म
 और कुत्ता घूमाने में गर्व महसूस करते हैं. @USER Right.
I work on ski resorts in the winter so maybe I can add to this conversation from a different perspective. Not that I'm justifying a ski holiday being superior to any other kind of holiday or that it's the best choice in relation to a curriculum. However, the school prompting a decision from the parents allows the child to have an experience they may not otherwise ever have. If given the choice, a family holiday will likely be a sun holiday. Colder weather at a higher cost isn't usually compelling if the norm is a sunny, sandy beach. 
Skiing and snowboarding (amongst many, many other sports one can do in snowy and mountainous regions) are incredibly fun sports wholly unique from most activities easily available in Ireland. This, coupled with the company of a child's closest friends could make for the holiday of a lifetime and could even create a love for the sport across the family. If it's feasible for a family without causing any financial issues then I think it's absolutely worth it. 
I don't want to write for ages and make this wall of text any larger, I could talk at length about all the different aspects but I just want to offer an alternative perspective. Interesting yes, it does have its merits for the kids alright.
@USER Absolutely scandalous pricing and can't believe they even charge postage! @USER £5 delivery for standard shipping and a week delivery time ?‍?
I use my.gov every three months to do my BAS....I just reset the password and have it sent to my email, then get the passcode sent to my phone...no biggie.    
For all those wondering why I reset the password, I'm not remembering or writing down a password for a fucking website I never use....or even for one I do. The amount of fucking websites requiring an account and/or sign in for the one time you use them either in a year or ever at all.....fuck off. It’s perma shut down now for no fucking reason....i feel like petrol bombing the nearest centre link...im going to uni next fucking week....i need the student support ffs!
Grabs popcorn
This is a damn good question.... Can't wait for the results. Agreed. My family isn't boring, but porn has never been involved & I've only known like one person who's mother posed for Playboy.
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Its social media afterall. Everything is a gimmick.
At their peak who was/is the best? @USER Pat fuckin edderry
He could get a rocking horse up on the line in listed company.
A question: is it typical that people in Frome drive like absolute arseholes at pre-7.30am ? 

Because I'm going to tell you a little story:. So, i woke up just before 6am in this house my friend is renting.... We arrived last night after dark with a car absolutely stuffed to the roof with every wordly possession &amp; 12bt of wine #WinemakerThugLife.
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. >If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens.
when has the lnp EVER benefited the citizens EVER.
Retweet this if you think the NFL should suspend Brett Favre for his role in the Mississippi welfare scandal!!! @USER yeah you’re a ho.
If you can access fresh coconut, jaggery and poached rice, there's a Goan dish called fao which takes less than 5 minutes. I think you meant pounded rice?
Jupiter gonna be wondering where the fuck all these random Irish parcels are coming from. If Jupiter was going to turn into a sun, that would have happened a long time ago. I mean, even The Year We Make Contact was like ten years ago.
PS: And you know what that means too, right? It means, go ahead, land on Europa. Knock yourself out.
At least it wasn't a dead cat...
Anyone else seen Man like Mobeen? Or a box full of dead puppies.
I live just above coles and have never seen so many empty shelves in last 4 years. I don't understand why stockpile ? If govt announces a lockdown then are grocery stores going to close too? If we enter Wuhan lockdown conditions, you won't be leaving your apartment for 2 weeks.
Let's hope it doesn't come to that.
Coming to Cincinnati for a couple days tomorrow! Would love to know what to eat, please! @USER @sottocincy.
helping Romila Thapar buy a phone is the highlight of my month (and most probably my year). @USER It's good that we admire our great historians, her work is incredible but I personally believe that being an educated person we should believe in such things, if you could have helped her in producing new work or produce your work by yourself and much more things are there to be.
@USER Many thanks Lorraine. @USER I forgot to mention that it was an MSc in Dementia care that you graduated with  ?
@USER Wow! A fox? @USER A fox! Cheeky thing just wandered into our bedroom and trotted happily round the bed!
5% of that paper will be used to blow noses. Is that all? I though for sure it’d be at least 30%.
@USER Where can I find them. @USER  @USER My page.
What do people think the worst case scenario is with COVID-19? Like do people think we'll get the country shut down for two weeks or what? Genuine question, I know it's something the government/international bodies don't want to talk about yet/at all so I'm curious what people imagine it to be. Total societal shut down with hospitals bursting at the seams and people dying at home. I think it's likely. Look at italy for a glimpse into the future. 2000 cases in 10 days and they are struggling. Society will pause.
does anyone ever take their car to Valencia and expect to park there to get food?
I’ve never seen this ever. People walk, bike, uber/lyft. @USER I think I’ve tried this twice and regretted it both times.
Someone just told me they spent 7K on a gaming PC ? @USER Waste of money.
YouTube told me to. Lol.
What do people think the worst case scenario is with COVID-19? Like do people think we'll get the country shut down for two weeks or what? Genuine question, I know it's something the government/international bodies don't want to talk about yet/at all so I'm curious what people imagine it to be. OK, so, assuming for some reason that we do get a major fucking outbreak with say 200-300,000  infected, people are going to have to be treated at home  while holed up in their rooms. 
Mild cases just need food, supplies and maybe money - middling cases should be treated by community nurses and a few doctors (freed up by the canceling of all elective procedures) who check in on them wearing a full set of NBC protection).  Their transport would be arranged by the army, who'd take charge of hosing them down between visits.   
The Civil Defense would be in charge of distributing supplies like anti-inflammatories and food, fresh water etc.
AGS would take care of civil order and all limits on overtime for all branches would be lifted. 
That's a broad-brush look at how we might tackle things, and while we're honestly not familiar with this type of regime and it'd be a very odd time I think on the whole Irish people would help pitch in and be helpful.
Can we just stop with this now? I suspect it’s coming to an end....
Unfortunately, this feels like a r/agedlikemilk post waiting to happen. I kinda want there to be a /r/ragedlikemilk subreddit where people post fights where someone was angry in a limp, dairy sort of way, with people mixing up the subreddits and posting to each other by mistake.
@USER No FATHER, NO! You can support the TRue Magisterium of the Church. That's all. This is not a cafeteria where we choose what we like. Do you or do you not condemn sodomy? @USER As an ordained priest, I took an oath to support the Holy Father and to teach what the Magisterium teaches us. Only that I reject sodomy, I reject all sins, not just one sin. God bless and best wishes to you.
>what about the persecution of Indian minorities? What is the Home Minister going to do about it? What is the Prime Minister going to do about it?
They'll keep doing it. That's what this is all about, isn't it? Sadly. Also, the thing is that the intent of the PM for India is different than what is shown to the public. Those who can't see through it fall for the facade.
Funny how for a generation, the people of Ballsbridge would’ve associated the swastika with that truck and every subsequent generation it’s associated with you know, fascism, genocide etc
Edit: shite grammar. *of the people of Ballsbridge.
راند دوم : هر دوستی تازه آمده به توییتر و کمتر از ۵۰۰ فالور داره ، زیر این پست اکانت خودش را بزاره تا من و بقیه دوستان فالو کنند! برای همبستگی و اتحاد ما #StopHazaraGenocide. @USER  @USER فالو کنید دوستان تا در جمع شما باشم.  چند روز هست فقط به خاطر اشتراک در این همایش هشتگ تلاش میکنم نمیدانم درست هست یا خیر دیده میشوم یا خیر .
@USER Good on you.  There's nothing like getting an early start to your day and getting it done. @USER Exactly ?
Firstly 28 isn't old, so don't tell yourself that! 
Dating websites in India are a mess, however if you had to pick Bumble might be the best of the lot. Bumble doesn't allow men to initiate a conversation once they match, only women can. Aisle isn't bad, but it's got an awful interface and most things need you to pay.
If you are looking for a serious relationship, matrimonial websites are the best because you know that people there are looking for something similar. I would strongly suggest creating the profile by yourself and being in control of it. Most websites allow a filter for who is handling the account, seeing profiles handled by parents/friends can be an no no for people.
Hope this helps! Thanks for the information! Hope I can navigate all this well!
What was the first movie you saw at the cinema? @USER Jungle Book.
Describe Putin in 5 words or less. @USER Maniac derilect.
When I was younger, was working in an old high end hotel with a preacher who was a plumber, as he pulled out a circa 1950’s rubber dildo. The opening scene to one hell of a movie.
Also, this country is dead. No fucking doubt it is GONE. No reviving from this. here's what's gonna happen in the next few years:-

Muslims will continue to be killed and hunted
NRC and CAA will be applied without obstruction
Most Muslims will move to other countries as migrants
Yogi will become PM in '24
The Muslims still in the country will be killed and raped by sanghis
India will become a Hindu nation (duh it already is)
Then people will start to get divided by caste
The Hindu nation will realize that they should've paid attention to major issues like economy and shit before because now it's irreparable
This country where the police, the courts and the lawmakers are sold for prices, how can you expect justice even when everyone is the same religion
The country will fall into the trap of rich gets richer poor gets poorer
India will turn into Syria and RSS will be termed a terrorist organization like ISIS
'Virat Hindus' today will finally get what they always wanted

Maybe 5 years maybe 10 years or maybe 15 years down the line, one day, people will realize that they never wanted this. Even the sanghis will sit down and think "Is this what I wanted?"
Sit and think. Sit, and think. Agree to most of it. Except it won't be syria because of business tycoons who have all invested here heavily. May be something like Saudi Arabia that moves according to their religious laws and morals. No way I see a Syria here. Atleast the government has to maintain some level of image to get avoided from sanctions etc. Anyway I don't expect a Syria like situation.
Imagine being a kid and this happens. You’re delighted tbh. Til they find out there's a set amount of school dates in the year and they're gonna lose two weeks of holidays somewhere else.
@USER In my ignorance, I'd say that's half of it. Half of female infidelity is looking for the next partner, and half is looking to supplement the current partner with something that's missing.

Not every affair is a potential mate. Some are just passionate flings. @USER I think that's much more the case for men.
@USER Welcome back! @USER Thanks Vanessa! ?
Masturbating. I think you got it all twisted here pal.
469+1th comment. silver phek ke maru?
Finish this sentence:
The emotion I find the most difficult to control is ________. @USER My sadness once it starts I can’t stop it.
What a great way to make money and definitely not get murdered. I see I'm not the only one getting slasher movie vibes.
@USER  @USER  @USER yes, this is great!! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Jane! X.
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER Well at least both lips are even now so you don't have to worry about looking lopsided ??
A Hindu Rashtra India will probably last 10 years before fragmenting. 
Even Islam, which is a lot more homogeneous than Hinduism (one prophet, one book, one set of beliefs) could not keep Pakistan in one piece. Eventually the ethnic differences between Bengalis and Punjabis proved too much.
Hinduism has a lot more heterogeneity, and it is impossible to implement a cow belt version of Hindu doctrine across the length and breadth of the country. It is only the Unity in Diversity approach, which necessarily implies secularism that has kept this country not only alive but also thriving - at least upto now.
The ultimate irony will be if history judges Modi, Shah, Ajay and Kapil Mishra to be the actual tukde tukde gang. Heck even right now, Pakistan is basically a constant fight between Punjabis and Sindhis, with Baluchis reduced to second grade citizens and Pashtuns lumped with Afghanis.
Travellers have been lobbying for a national health strategy,mental health strategy for over a decade our State and its organs failed us. Now look where we are our children dying by suicide at a shocking rate. ? @USER Shocking , God rest those poor children, it’s time for some intervention ?
haha my mum makes them like that too. But since there's only 3 of us there's usually twice as much yorkshire pudding then there is beef. That really was the idea of a Yorkshire pud. Fill you up because you couldn't afford much meat.
@USER  @USER Who says that the allegations were false? @USER  @USER  @USER Are parley CBI also said fake allegations…# Chatu.
They lactate bro, that's all. Just make them more animalistic like nipples.
Just this morning I was wondering, how did India manage to stay clear of this virus so far when so many other developed countries are falling prey to it. 
Pehle hi tension kam hain is desh main, ke ek aur. Are you familiar with the entire country of Russia?
@USER You need to get yourself a hunting knife now that your camping in the wilds of Ireland in your camper.
It’ll come in handy for opening those packets ? @USER Ain't that the truth ?
Can you hear that?
Listen, really carefully. 
Can you hear it yet? 
“What?” I hear you ask. The sound of your citizenship being revoked. Greggs is a national institution. Which like the lord's should be disposed of.
Not every murder becomes big news. When it's a man killing a woman it does..
@USER So damn hot??? @USER Thanx bro.
अशोक गहलोत जादूगर नहीं कांग्रेस को बर्बाद करने वाले कारीगर हैं।. @USER Tumko to cm banana he pele nhi ta ke pta jo aaj cla.
Also were outside it... Sealing off the Irish Sea would be far easier thannthe North Sea.
@USER Don't seems soo! @USER ??? I just have a little bit of crazy.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Seriously right.  I only moved here 7 years ago, and that first summer was crazy with how many 40+ days we got in a row (which I hated).  But the last couple of summers are almost non-existent.
My son came home from a party(obviously drunk) he had to throw up and he said he was ill from the food. your son is brilliant.
Legit question: if shit does hit the fan, can Muslim countries refuse to sell us oil? Or is our market just too big for that? We get most of our oil from Saudis and Iraq
Historically, has it ever happened? Market and also Muslim countries didn't say much about Xinjiang as well and didn't do much about rohingya genocide. 
The middle east is kinda like in a cold war like situation.
@USER I don't give a toss about gay adults or trans adults, you can sort that out among yourselves. Start introducing a perverted version of that to little kids in schools and media,then you have lost me. @USER  @USER So what you're effectively saying is that trans kids should not be allowed to be trans kids, they should be forced to appear and behave how you think they should.
Kind of providing the evidence against the "no GC person ever threatens the existence of trans people" lie!
@USER Beautiful ? @USER Gary’s a right stunner ain’t he.
Taylor Marshall is my J Mac. @USER Shit yeh ????
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I do not believe that an obvious and fairly openly committed conspiracy happened to coincide with Epstein also deciding to take his own life.
Check yourself if the above information is written on  Canadian official website 
 URL 
If you open the article title and body are contracting each other. 
Edit:.
u/futuoerecutus provided me the url  which has the stated information. 
 URL 
It appears to be genuine. It does state to "Exercise High degree of Caution" in India. However it doesn't tells explicitly the reasons that are there in the article.
@USER What does that do to Tesla economy? ? @USER To the moon.
You bought it. And used a massive chunk of the body wash...
@USER Nice of them to let us have the weekend, if they could kick it in just before I get to work that'd be ideal. @USER  @USER Would be nice to know if we can have a sleep-in on Monday. ?
A bird plane. Bird plane?
@USER Congratulations ? ? @USER Thank you.
Food exports out of Ireland was so important that they stationed more British born troops in Ireland than they had in India. Plus they got the then pope to issue the threat of excommunication from the alters of Ireland on anyone interfering with the export of food. 
The RCC only responded to the starvation crisis when they saw Baptist evangelism elbowing in. Otherwise millions starving was not a concern to them. And they also imported food in one of the first major attempts to stop a famine. 
Peasants starving was not something 19th century regimes normally cared about, be it any of the famines in Ireland or Britain, or anywhere across Europe. 
Some of your points don't really make sense either. The British used sepoys in India, they never had huge numbers of British troops stationed there because it was really far away. 
Also, who do you think was exporting all this food? Do you not realise it was mostly Irish people?
Code with music or without? @USER Only if it helps you to concentrate otherwise it's a distraction and will lead to unnecessary errors.
Ah yes, the extremely popular and frequently used light rail. Aka the damaged child of Melbourne's trams. What was Sydney thinking with that thing anyway? > What was Glady Koala Killer thinking with that thing anyway?
Fixed that for you my friend.
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER Of course you did Mitch. Its a criminal act.
In the end I’m not even profitable. My track record is a mess. I’m yet to break even but I believe in what I know. It’ll come through for me in the end. @USER This ?
Direct intervention by the parents. Parents are allowing their little dears to be social terrorists. 
One spit on me once near Ballymun a very long time ago. He was about 10. I ran after him; caught him and frog matched him to his parents which was only around the corner. 
I gave him two choices: parents or Gardaí. 
She clattered him in front of me. "TELL THIS YOUNG MAN THAT YOUR SORRY?" Wack! "WAIT UNTIL I TELL YOUR DA'. YOU'RE IN FOR SOME HIDIN'" Wack! 
She was very apologetic. When she closed the door, she bellowed again: "spitting on people! Have I taught you no fuckin' manners. ". Good response but realistically this just isn’t an option 99% of the time. 
You may be on your way to work or whatever so may not have time to go chasing little rodents. There may well by upwards of 20 of them in the group, chasing after one could be asking for even more trouble. Their parents may take exception to you thinking to discipline their child and have a go at you over it etc etc 
All in all what’s required is for people to raise their children not to be scum.
Literally signal us or ask for it? We are wait staff, not mind readers. Between taking orders, seating new tables, running out food, sorting drinks, sorting wrong orders out, helping out with the usually understaffed kitchen, cleaning out done tables, getting clean cutlery back on the floor, doing dishwash, answering questions, dealing with rude customers all day and having to daily deal with people looking like you just punched their baby when you try to turn a table and they want to sit and chat for an hour after you have cleared their table, please, just fucking ask for your bill when we are near and clearly not carrying shit loads of plates. We are very happy to get you out of the restaurant and on your way home if you literally just ask us. 
Never click your fingers though. You click your fingers at me, you sir or madam, are the biggest shovel mouthed streak of piss I can meet in a day. I swear a lot of waiting staff deliberately try and avoid eye contact precisely to stop you signalling them. It’s taken me 15 minutes at times despite constant effort.
@USER What the fuck did I just watch. @USER Pure inspiration.
Happy Wednesday, #Resisters and all Non-MAGA! 
To grow your account -
24-hr. Vet/Follow/FB all who Retweet.
#FollowParty #FBR #FBPE #connectblue. @USER Good morning #Resisters. Have an absolutely awesome day. ?
i'm sad, marry me. @USER Yes i intrested ?
Bullshit, that definitely didn’t happen. It’s a joke you dim witted spastic.
No internet restrictions. Day drinking isn't frowned upon, as long you don't take the piss with it. Have a radio to listen to. Our canteen sells wine and beer. The little shop in the building also has a decent selection of beers in the fridge, plus a small choice of canned cocktails.
Aaaaah, day drinking. The French staff would revolt without it.
Does anyone know how much money you have to have in your account for the UK Ancestry Visa these days? 

(The internet says all sorts of different things. When I last got mine it was $5K.). @USER When I applied for mine in 2006 it was just given and stamped in my passport and returned in like 72 hours. I thought ancestry was ancestry not a money privilege minimum.
Its not always the father. Yes unfortunately it can be either parent that leaves. Sometimes even both.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 10 to 15 min.
Bullshit, that definitely didn’t happen. has to be fake, Bro? in Ballymun?
♡picking randomly♡. @USER Please my middle name is randomly xx.
These labels are good but what they really need to do is specify the country of origin for the major ingredient. if I couldnt get it produced here, I'd settle for grown/produced in NZ, packed here.
Unknown origin, no thanks, I'll just do without. Didn't buy bacon this week for this exact reason. Most bacon comes from Denmark, or so I was told.
Some process takes place here, which explains the 21% (or similar) Australian content. 
There are a couple of brands that are really Australian (or 98%), the packet I bought yesterday from Woolies  was  Bertocchi.
My local butcher also makes bacon and ham.
@USER …did you have a part in her crying though? @USER I DID NOT! ??
be prepared to be called a Hindu Apologist, a leftish libtard and a weak, beta fiberal. Hahaha, I've been called all three in this thread itself. It's absurd, I thought denouncing those who rape, murder and pillage would unite people rather than have them insult me.
I can give you some silverfish if you want. Omg they are so gross. I know they are fairly harmless but they can get to infestation level pretty quickly. Best thing to get rid of them is diatomaceous earth. Few different places sell it. Super effective.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER Miles out.
Retype EVERY PARTY.
my party would b called OHPIG.
only honest party in GOV.
If I have a cough I should seek medical care? This is some needless panic. It did say fever, cough, and difficulty breathing. Not just cough.
Am I the only one who likes to have the tv on while I write, instead of music?? There have to be more of us out there! #amwriting. @USER That's me! Haha
My partner watches stuff on Netflix while I write.
Iirc it was launched to cash on the 2003 world cup. Looked like kerosene, tasted sweet-sour. Loved it. That flair is mad.
@USER I was a lot older than that!! @USER And there’s still some abbreviations that I am unsure of!
@USER Weird behaviour there. @USER May be a bit weird to us today, but symbolic breaking of things is a very old tradition!
What SONG did YOU listen to TODAY? @USER If I could Turn Back Time by @cher.
Watch where the dog usually poops and shit there, no one will suspect a thing. This guy "yard poops".
#PUSHPA CLEAN SWEEP AT  @USER  . BEST ACTOR , BEST DIR , BEST MUSIC DIR , BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY , BEST MALE SINGER , BEST FEMALE SINGER &amp; BEST FILM . THANK YOU ALL . HUMBLED ?? @USER  @USER THaggedhele.
Just arrived in T 1 Dublin Airport last night. Gosh it is an absolute disgrace. Toilets manky. Toilet paper all over the place. The arrivals hall full of litter. Luggage hanging around all over the place. Absolutely so management evident at all. I’m thinking about our tourists…. @USER Irish tourism sector  @USER  @USER  @USER need to advocate for management changes  @USER it's a disgrace ppl not fools plenty of travel options to Belfast and Derry very busy ? #Belfast #DerryGirls #GameofThrones #Titanic ✈.
@USER Some  says im aggressive .people  lables very  easily .without  knowing   the truth .recently one woman said im over reacting ?? @USER Do you remember one day a girl who thinks she is famous on Twitter scolded us a lot for the comment we made,A lot of other girls joined that girl and scolded us a lot, Remember,we kept our mouths shut because we didn't want to overreact.They think that only they are right?
Horses is a fucking garbage song, when did it become a cultural touchstone because I thought it was shithouse back in the 90s too. Horses needs to be taken out to the back paddock and shot.
@USER Boo Hoo. @USER Hi Jim.
I don't want to alarm anyone but the coronavirus will soon spread in an irreversible way. The first means of contamination are bank notes, don't touch them.
Wear gloves and place all notes in a sealed envelope and leave them by your front door, message your address.
Tomorrow morning I'll come by for collection and elimination, I'm doing this for the good of public health! Don't thank me... U r too dangerous to be left free...
Black card and penalty? @USER Surely linesman could have given a prompt..really believe we need qualified inter county referees as umpires for these games.
Fuck the whiny bastards in this thread that have never waited tables and had a manager asking you to do this shit, we know how annoying it is, leave a tip every now and then when the service is good, oh and take your rubbish with you. 
- a waiter. • I was a waitress
• my manager never told me to keep customers waiting for their bill
• I hate it when the waiter doesn’t come back after they’ve cleared the table to ask if we want anything else/the bill.
@USER Oh damn, that looks well mint and factory quality. Love the shading. Well done man! @USER Thanks man. Going to tackle some Orks next ?
By saying that in a nice way.
Also what does uncircumcised people have to do it? Over time if they don’t wash under their foreskin shit starts getting weird if you ever hear the term dick cheese that’s where it comes from.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Varisu
Thunivu
Adipurush
Mega 154
NBK 107
????
Pongal 2023. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER TN. Only thala thalalay.
House homeless and refugees in the Seanad. How can we have Reddits when there are homeless???
DISGRACE.
Has it been any good this series I gave up when capaldi kept wearing sunglasses. It's been better  than it has for a while in my opinion.
Labor was in government for six fucking years and didn't once think 'gee maybe we ought to do something about the giant glaring nepotistic media monopoly in this country'?
Nup. Nothin. No spine in government, no spine out of government. I think they'll win next time but I won't be voting for them. Greens #1 Senate only. Same for HOR if I vote for it. #1 Greens only. If that spoils the HOR ballot tough, change the laws. I will not rank trash. Yep, Labor is just as beholden to the coporations and Murdoch. They act progressive but maintain the status quo. Vote Greens on everything, they actually have policies on the issues and modelling showing how it can be achieved. Although don't they not count your vote if you don't rank at least 8 or something?
@USER Happy birthday Fat Bul. @USER Thanks Money.
Tipu Sultan was not just a brave fighter who fought British but he was a Muslim too ? @USER a bigot too....
in your defence they’ve also highlighted a bunch of islands that are not great britain. just a bit of a mess of a graphics job. At least they didn't include the Isle of Man.
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. I lived in Worcester Massachusetts a few years ago. People there can say it correctly but visitors were pretty clueless!
There was a Leominster somewhere nearby too and no one said that right.
Possibly illegal. A merchant cannot just take money without a legal reason. 
I'd suspect the courts might take a dim view if the person whose bank account was raided took action. I'd think their bank would have something to say about their merchant facility too.
They're acting? Wait so they weren't non related by blood?
Rice looks a bit overcooked or is it broken rice? Rice is overcooked :).
@USER  @USER  @USER Classic Shan W ? @USER  @USER  @USER Haha  wanted to  “practise what I preach” 

Having spent close to 3 hours advocating people to support aus based projects, would be a shame not to show some support especially when I like the art ❤️ 

On a side note, hoping to fly down to brissy for the event :).
Do you know what old people often find stressful and upsetting? It’s car parks where you can only pay by using an app or a credit card. Quite a lot of old people don’t carry the latter (yes, really) and they have no idea what an app is. (1/9). @USER  @USER would you be so kind as to unroll this important (and moving) thread? Thank you!
When your kids friend comes over for a sleepover and brings you a gift… and it’s a “f*ck the patriarchy” necklace she’s made. The kids are alright #feminism #patriarchy. @USER They clearly know your aesthetic ?
I believe that the U.S government has men in black that make people "disappear" if they know more than what's good for them. r/missing411.
Everyone already knows about the states complicity in whatever is happening and has been happening. This isn’t a case of both sides. Hindu supremacists were voted into power, they introduced an anti-Muslim bill, Muslims in Delhi and other parts of the country protested, the centre sent mobs to indiscriminately kill Muslims, loot them, rape them and destroy their properties. Mosques were destroyed and they raised a Hanuman flag on top of a mosque. The police also took part in this. 
Then why is it so hard to say that this is a pogrom against Muslim people? There is overwhelming evidence, and has been for a while now. You’re looking at Kashmir, UP, Delhi. All of the statements coming from the government are blatantly islamophobic, BJP supporters are blatantly islamophobic. So why can’t the obvious be stated? Why does every story in the news cycle have to be about both sides, when it’s just one side that is disproportionately affected?
The basis of this entire article is bullshit. This article doesn't shy away from calling it a pogrom tho. In fact it emphasizes on calling it so. All it says is, acknowledging that some Hindus also lost their lives at the hands of Muslims doesn't discredit the fact that this was state sanctioned violence - a pogrom.
Guys new and doesn’t know our first language is english, probably that. Could be confusion over the EU Irish English thing ?
 URL.
I’d fire him for going to Greggs period. Period? This isn't American Problems friend.
AAP is 45% owned by News Corp. Its articles appear throughout the press, including the ABC and The Guardian. The sooner it dies the better.
e: Fair points. It would be better if News Corp sells it stake in AAP. It already has way too much influence in Australian media. In the current landscape I doubt its departure would be a positive.  The division of ownership between competing parties has kept the wire service content pretty straight down the line and the soft content isn’t of any profile.
The photography aspect will be a big blow, particularly in the age of web and social media news, and it will accelerate the demise of newsrooms that are barely holding on as it is.
Bowel Distuptor. The brown noise?
Thankyou so much all ?? @USER Hppy Birthday Jiju.
If it's anything like Tudors, Vikings, etc that were done in Ardmore, they'll call you at any stage between now and end of filming with maybe 2-3 days notice. Keep it growing. If they need a bearded extra your set, if not shave away and you're set. At least you'll be keeping your options open.
Free bog rolls. We recently moved offices. Our old place had some lovely triple velvet but the new place has the cheapest, most flimsy paper I've ever used. Now I only ~~pinch~~ am given it in emergencies.
Domestic violence perpetrated by police has been studied in the US for decades and decades. Good evidence to show it happens at a higher rate than the general public, which is absolutely terrifying. 
Very little attention is paid to this in the Australian context; very few people care. The article literally states "Compared to the general population, police officers are 85% less likely to be recorded as a respondent on a domestic violence order."
So your statement of higher rates in the QLD police force is demonstrably false.
Epstein didn’t kill him self, and how the Coronavirus magically trounced the Hong Kong protests. Yes I'm sure China decimated its entire country and economy to temporarily remove HK out of the news cycle (after the media had mostly gotten over it anyway).
@USER Congratulations ?? sir. @USER Thank you Sahabaz.
I didn't know they got an actor to play Ted's height... that's impressive. Maybe I missed my calling as a height actor? Daniel Day Lewis really can do everything can't he.
My kids want to know if they can  go on it (and queen elizabeth too) is this possible ? You needed to but tickets but they are all sold out now.
OK, who else can I offend? @USER The french. They always deserve it.
What is most surprising about your favorite NFL team through 2 games? @USER Patriots defense is better than I thought it would be.
@USER  @USER  @USER Great shots of the owls Mark?? @USER  @USER  @USER Cheers ??
@USER  @USER Oh yes. Johnsons was a danger to national security will Truss be the same? @USER  @USER  @USER More than likely!
@USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations! What a fab project! @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Tracy! ??
Whip out my dick and eat. What of it? Then claim to be a human right activist. Problem solved.
Reptiles. ?
I am pro First Past The Post, because I am pro the Labour Party.

Let's not give the extremes the keys to number ten. @USER FPTP will mean Labour will never win a majority.
>the Commonwealth was trying to provide the manifest "as urgently as they possibly can"
What the actual fuck?  Manifests are compiled and submitted by airlines by law.  The Commonwealth government is not able to get a copy of a few pages done quickly?  And the Commonwealth is only today thinking about a process to deal with this request?  God we're so stupid. I know, this is totally unacceptable considering how hard Peter Dutton touts national security.
peak capitalism is not being able to immediately tell if it is satire or not. Seems pretty obvious to me.
@USER  @USER Please share consignment number. @USER  @USER Pls find the bellow consignment number EO541398395IN
Even it was booked in speed post the shipment was laying in the particular post office for 4 days. nd in portal it was showing door locked. Instead they haven't attempted for a single time for delivery.
Next week marks 6 years since Brexit. It's been one hell of a ride. That promise of Brexit, of taking back control, won't be complete until Northern Ireland is out of the EU single market and the whole of the UK is free of Euro courts. @USER The ECHR is NOT an EU institution!!! It was literally started in part by Winston Churchill!!
Over 80% of real estate purchases in developed markets are backed by a mortgage

New marginal buyers are being pushed away due to higher mortgage rates coupled with the increase in house prices

Real estate is by far the biggest asset class in the world

Look at the big picture. @USER Yeah and each time the UK shows potential signs of weakness gov pulls its magic wand and cuts the stamp duty.
So you're saying Geelong got Tanner Bruhn for nothing and Jack Bowes for free? @USER ?Money for nothing and your chicks for free?
All of them. You beat me by 4 min, I like you dark friend.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations  @USER ser ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you buddy!
u/VredditDownloader. beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!


Download via  URL 


Downloadable soundless link


Audio only


First link is active for 6 hours. Mention me again if it is down

Info&#32;|&#32;Support&#32;me&#32;❤&#32;|&#32;Github.
I am pro First Past The Post, because I am pro the Labour Party.

Let's not give the extremes the keys to number ten. @USER And how's that working out?
No one is curious as to why the war in Ukraine has almost zero footage?

No one? @USER Take a look at Operator Starsky on YouTube.
The rain woke me up early. @USER I knew I shoulda called in.
God wasted a fine asshole when he put teeth in Tushar Kapoor's mouth. WTF. This comment had me rolling. Lol. Dude!!!
We need to build a wall around Leinster. It’s all fun and games now but what if it hit Cork? We can’t take that risk. It wont hit cork because people don't travel to that shithole.
Had my Autumn covid booster this morning and thought I’d got away without any issues. Fast forward 12 hours and I can barely move my arm ??‍♀️. Had the worst night. Finally fell to sleep around 6am ?, it’s really knocked me about again, and there was me getting cocky.
They're like that Pewdiepie fella for me. Nothing against them, don't dislike them, but they're not at all funny and I cannot comprehend how they are popular as they are. I don't find him funny either. I watched a video of his to try and understand the appeal and I almost fell asleep.
@USER  @USER Available from…? @USER  @USER Sent u a pm thanks.
सुना है सबकुछ मिल जाता है गूगल पर
 वफादार दोस्त चाहिए लोकेशन भेजना मुझे. @USER Yes am,I ok best'friends.
“For I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God that brings salvation to everyone who believes: first to the Jew, then to the Gentile.”
Romans 1:16. @USER  @USER Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl. Instead they put it on its stand, and it gives light to everyone in the house. In the same way, let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.

Matthew 5:15-16.
Tried to get my mom to stop drinking when I was a teen, she got really upset.  She still drinks alot. I’m sorry to hear, I’m in the same boat.
Zero press conference in 6 years. Much statesman. smh. Wanna see a statesman, look no further than Angela Merkel. No wonder she did not shake hands with Modi. Modi does Mann ki Baat. Hindustan mein ek hi insaan ke paas mann hai. Baki sab to chutiye hain. Modi's problem is his bloated ego. That's what made him wave at no one in Dal Lake and use his raw wisdom in inventing new radar technologies. At the same time, he is a thorough coward. He does not want to face people. He does not want to face questions. He lives in his echo chamber of his flatterers and occasionally caters to modia.
I find Modi to be a very insecure person, scared, vengeful, delusional to an extent. He has another side though, which he presents to his audience,.. Brash, resolute, ambitious, flamboyant, dragon-slaying savior of people image. It is a projection. Such a projection would attract most people. He is a populist. One needs to though focus on what he does not do or does not say. That tells about the real Narendra Modi.
What sort of screening did they do? Blood tests?
There is no screening happening on flights to/from Ireland. The focus is currently on ensuring travellers are informed and having people self-report concerns. Probably an ocular patdown.
@USER It will be well. @USER My dear prayer can’t work on Nigeria again.
@USER So damn hot??? @USER Thanx bro.
@USER  @USER Now that BJP wants to split India by imposing Hindi let the taxes collected by South India need not be utilised for the north Indian development. We are working hard and all benefits goes to north like road, rail etc.etc. Better stop imposing Hindi. @USER  @USER  @USER Seems like u r barking everywhere ??
Katharals start.
SERIOUS QUESTION: Do you know anyone who is fully vaccinated, boosted, and never got COVID? @USER I am one of those. Exercised every precaution and am covid free along with my family. I was also covid free when i was only vaccinated with first dose. Cheers!
If Charles dies before the coronation, does that mean the monarchy is abolished? @USER They’ll do like they did in 1937 and use the planned coronation for Bill….
It's not illegal in the end though is it? Lnp voters won't know or simply won't care. They only care about protecting their negative gearing. Every lnp voter i know tells me that's why they vote for them. 
Nothing, not even their children's future outside of this property bubble matter. Lnp could shoot poor ppl in televised safaris and i bet if the opposition promised a 50% cut in property they would stay with lnp. Actually, I suspect due to it being changed during caretaker period, and then signed as an earlier date, it quite probably isn't. Like that changes anything at this point though.
Train your mind to stay calm in every situation. @USER Major key right there.
Thankyou so much all ?? @USER Hppy Birthday Jiju.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Where the feck have been you been? Just asking ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The last of 2 doz. Still some in  @USER Athy.
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. I lived in Worcester Massachusetts a few years ago. People there can say it correctly but visitors were pretty clueless!
There was a Leominster somewhere nearby too and no one said that right.
Is it true there's more panic buying in Chinese neighbourhoods? Yes. 
Chinese restaurant are going broke. No one visiting them.
Me, Not child.
Accidentally stole a loaf of bread. Went in for milk and bread. Held milk and money in one hand. Bread in another. Put milk up paid and walked out. Got to car. Checked receipt because i got more change than expected and realised I just held the bread in left hand and only gave them the milk and money with right hand. Completely unaware. How did the cashier not notice it? Probably had a bad day, well not you, you got free bread.
Food, sex, sleep what would you like ? @USER Food.
I'm a 4 and I get dog's abuse for it. 4 is the perfect cup. Any stronger and you might as well not have milk and any weaker and you might as well not have tea.
Fixtures matter of course, but Leicester's haven't been great either.

You could maybe say they've been a *little* unlucky.

You could also say that Iversen probably deserves a chance... @USER My old man’s a Leicester fan and can’t believe that iversen hasn’t been given a chance yet.
I’ll be 62 in 15mins #Ians62. Ian. @USER  @USER Ready on your mark … get set … now RUN away lol ?
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. As if he would think that far ahead.
RSS is actually the B Team of Jinnah.
They are proving Jinnah right. Makes sense. They were literal allies pre independence.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER safe travels guys and have a great time! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Garry! X.
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER Except for the fact that he is a cheat.
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Cars.
The end of Arrival had me confused about timespace causality stuff. Great movie.
Us to book two rooms as they still practice "unmarried couples not allowed" ancient rule. How does one say "Odisha by Road" when this is a major problem.For a young working couple coming to say Mayurbhanj where do they stay?? Why not activate the Dak Bungalow circuit. @USER  @USER @DM_Mayurbhanj.
House homeless and refugees in the Seanad. How can we have Reddits when there are homeless???
DISGRACE.
@USER  @USER How did it go? @USER  @USER Was doing great until cramp got me, got me bad.
> Reviewer. Theatre. TV. Film
Sure, but it sounds like you've got quite the back log of movies because this one came out about 3 and a half years ago. ? the state of this twatter profile...
@USER Good morning young Lee. @USER Happy Thursday Blackstar.❤.
Any idea why Infosys futures is at 24-25 buck discount to spot? Dividend is only around 16 or so? @USER Where did you see Rs.16 dividend?

I think they haven't announced yet. Could be higher perhaps.
Apologies for jumping in, and downvote it all, if you like. I’m not Irish, but seeing as this thing gets global: We have been through bird and swine flu, the pneumonia, and now this. Not to mention Ebola. And here we all are. It’s not like we have a plague on our hands and as far as I know it’s not the Middle Ages. I heart all the people who lost their loved ones. It is a great tragedy. But isn’t it getting a bit out of hand? I dont know the parade is a bit of a plague haha, but I do agree we shouldnt cancel it for covid-19 I dont remember covids 1-18 so they couldnt have been that bad.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Richard Edward.
I think I quite enjoy vegetarian sausages. I say think because my brain tells me the Bunnings snag is superior, but my stomach says otherwise. It’s a conundrum. Bunnings snags are bulk-bought tubes of garbage.
Epstein didn't kill himself and he hosted pedoparties on some island in the Caribbean
The chemical that can turn frogs gay exists and it could potentially work for humans
The Masons built the current Denver Airport to hide something important
And I'm sure I'm missing some
PS: Top2 have been proven to be mostly true for a fact, 3rd is known except for the "something important" thingy. I live in Denver. I go to the airport a few times a year. For the past 2 years or so they have had the same construction stuff in the same places. They have these big walls to hide whatever they’re doing, with posters that are making fun of the airport conspiracy theory. Whenever I’m waiting in line at security I hear a banging sound that doesn’t sound like construction tools. It sounds like they’re just randomly banging on a metal pipe. I think a lot of the evidence is bullshit, like the murals and the runways being in the shape of a swastika, but it is a little fishy that the queen supposedly owns property near there. And the airport is really far away. I get that Stapleton Airport was too close to the city, but DIA is in what seems like Kansas. So there might be something there.
@USER Hi, we don't want you to have such unpleasant experience with us. We will connect with you at the earliest. @USER I'm still waiting guys.
Introduce yourself by something you were called at parents evening:

Hi, I'm a pleasure to teach. @USER Hi there, I’m Could Do So Much Better.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER But its a Tory government now and has been for 12 years.. no need to imagine it happening now under them.
@USER Oh damn, that looks well mint and factory quality. Love the shading. Well done man! @USER Thanks man. Going to tackle some Orks next ?
Who all is going to the Game on the 19th against Ole Piss? @USER Me and muss birthday ?‍?
@USER Then you got 2000 likes just talking about her post... @USER And you get a reply for responding to that tweet….
@USER  @USER Ring joe on Monday, thats insane. @USER  @USER No thanks not for me, am just one of hundreds that went through that system this weekend.
Do you know what old people often find stressful and upsetting? It’s car parks where you can only pay by using an app or a credit card. Quite a lot of old people don’t carry the latter (yes, really) and they have no idea what an app is. (1/9). @USER  @USER would you be so kind as to unroll this important (and moving) thread? Thank you!
>The statement must be made in good faith and is a belief that a person of the same religion could reasonably consider to be in accordance with the doctrines, tenets, beliefs or teachings of that religion. This has been dubbed the “phone a friend” clause as the person only needs a single other person to vouch that the belief is part of their shared religion.
Nah, there's no way this could backfire spectacularly. Totally becoming a Satanist if this legislation goes through.
WELL READ MY NAME AND TELL ME
(Thats a joke, im not a moron, its just that me and my friends have this joke going around of "horses dont exist" and i thought it would be sweet if i'd continue this joke besides them not quite remembering it). LMAO! 
I love it!
@USER  @USER 
There is no such thing as an Ibibio kingdom and the Ibibios don't have a King. Go and verify! @USER  @USER  @USER So, who exactly is the monarch?
@USER Three days now with cluster headache, no energy and see so much to be done but f.uck it, we have to look after ourselves xx. @USER Take care. A dose of a thing.
@USER  @USER Who is paying for the role of International PR Photographer to the PM..? @USER  @USER  @USER Have you not seen the insane amount of money they have spent on official photographers?
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed in this senseless massacre at the nursery in Thailand. Thai people are peace loving with a beautiful nature, which makes this crime even more difficult to comprehend. @USER People are genuinely upset for the families in Thailand who are grieving the death of their innocent loved ones. Truly a horrifying, senseless loss of so many lives. 
However I do question the sincerity of Peter Dutton's words when he is trying to show 'his nicer, caring'side.
Hey patriots can you please retweet and help me get to 4k followers.  I follow all back that follow me.
?? ?? Love all you Patriots
Bless you!!! ???  ?? @USER Followed.
Did the Muslim community accept the blood money of 5 acres given to them ? They did and they made a hospital, library and a cultural center in it too.
Make love not war.
 URL.
Whatever the cork management decide blooding a spine of Connolly at 14 and Joyce at 6 Downey at 3 will benefit Cork hugely in the long run all players under 21 while Galway in opposite position had Burke Mannion and Cooney all seasoned players from Michael donoghues time. @USER Forget about it, Cork are a useless shambles of a group.
I'm allowed to go for a cig break every 3 hours.
EDIT: On a more serious note, I have free reign to do what I want when it comes to making spreadsheets and experimenting with work. In my last job, it was so restricted I wasn't even allowed to use lookups because they "didn't trust it". This is insanity. Surely anyone who understands the functionality of a lookup in Excel is also smart enough to realise they aren’t the devil incarnate?
I would’ve just used INDEX(MATCH) instead and told them it was safe.
Anyone else find it a coincidence Covid ended in Victoria a month before the state election? It’s a miracle. @USER Almost like a non existent budget surplus the LNP announced before a federal election.  See how that works?
@USER Good on you.  There's nothing like getting an early start to your day and getting it done. @USER Exactly ?
Brahmin culture
 URL. People having pride on their caste are the lowest form of cretins in the society. How does one even have pride over something that they had zero contribution in is beyond me. The era of stupid people is going to take us back decades.
Once again, the smart ass in my local Chinese restaurant put 2 forks in with my takeaway. Listen here dickhead, 2 portions doesn't necessarily mean 2 people. @USER The one without prongs is a knife.
I only remember 3 things from this:
1) The kids finding bones and talking about them while crying or something.
2) Something involving a goat.
3) The theme tune in its entirety. How can you not recall the episode where the magic lipstick makes girls kiss him...even his sister ?
Christ on a crumpet. People are whipping themselves up into a completely unecessary panic about this thing, OP included. Go about your normal business.  Here is the advice of the World Health Organisation:
>>RECOMMENDATIONS AND ADVICE FOR THE PUBLIC
If you are not in an area where COVID-19 is spreading, or have not travelled from an area where COVID-19 is
spreading, or have not been in contact with an infected patient, your risk of infection is low. It is understandable that you may feel anxious about the outbreak. It’s a good idea to get the facts from reliable sources to help you 
accurately determine your risks so that you can take reasonable precautions (See Frequently Asked Questions). 
We are currently low risk.  We have 25 cases, nine of which are citizens we brought home from the Diamond Princess, and fifteen of which have already recovered. While highly contagious, the illness is mild for the vast majority of people who get it, including young children who usually have higher mortality rates from flu-like illnesses.  Our health system has demonstrated that it is adept at catching and contact tracing cases, public awareness is high and people who are concerned they have been exposed have been exemplary in undertaking self-isolation. 
Quit. Panicking. 9 days ago, there were 3 confirmed cases in Italy. Today, there are 1128 confirmed cases.
 URL 
DoN't pANiC.
@USER Happy birthday bro ?? hope you have many more. @USER Preciate that cuz ??
Is it rudeness or is it honesty? @USER Honesty.
It sounds like you're looking for a source of news that conforms to your own expections/political leanings.   That's not what RTE or other non-agenda driven sources are for.
Stick to twitter. I don't want news to my bias (which I don't deny having). I want an almost algorithmic source of news that is just factual and without opinion.
@USER No you're not. ? @USER Thank U ?
Looks like people are shitting themselves. Hardly. I wouldn't imagine sales went up by more than 10%, if that. Supply chains to the end consumer put JIT to shame. Grocery stores are not grain stores, they have almost nothing on hand and it takes an extremely small variation in demand to empty the shelves.
If the trucks stopped coming in for a few hours under ordinary demand, the shelves would be in a worse state.
If anything, I'd argue you should be taking the opposite lesson from that sight.
David Miscavige, the chairman of the Church of Scientology definitely murdered his wife and is getting off scott free for it. Him and his wife got into a pretty heated argument in 2007, and she hasn’t been seen since. Lawyers hired by David claim she is still alive and devotes 100% of her time to work at the church of scientology, which is why she hasn’t been seen since August 2007. In 2013, a former member of the church had filed a missing person report that was closed after a few officers had “spoken and seen Mrs.Miscavige”, even though there’s no evidence whatsoever of this meeting. All missing person’s reports now are turned down since this investigation is forever closed. The church of scientology is screwy anyway, I wouldnt doubt it.
Delhi is capital of India &amp; BJP MP is giving public call to boycott Muslims economically, is he custodian of all Hindus?  I call upon dalits , OBC &amp; secularists to increase transactions with Muslims &amp; vice a versa. Enough is enough! @USER As you said, enough is enough. Borne the burden for 8 1/2 years. Time to throw these guys out. Establish true democratic principles.
@USER  @USER ? @USER  @USER Renewals now.
I don’t know anyone who’s acc finished suits everyone gave up somewhere. @USER Wasn’t that the same after Mike left ??
Ben and Liam always seemed awkward. I really like Sally and Erica, I think they’ll only keep getting better. See, I find sally and erica really awkward and forced. Maybe they will grow into it.
China invented Coronavirus as a way to reduce population around the world. If you look at the how the police and government were shutting people down about spreading information, then conveniently making announcements and quarantines after everyone had travelled around a lot because of lunar new year. It also seems suspicious how some of the first places that got affected were Tibet and Hong Kong, places that mainland China would benefit from killing everyone off. Nah the rich are getting it too defo not population control.
I'm officially a Daemon apologist from today. This episode of #HOTD was ? @USER Daemon Supremacy #HOTD.
@USER  @USER Or an Irish person stating a fact?
Foster has never knowingly been correct about anything. @USER  @USER  @USER Dame Arlene … hard lol ?
Dont they print them in the local free rag anymore? Seeing your comment made me realise , I don't get a free local paper. Think it's all online :(.
the hans zimmerfication of film music has done unimaginable damage. @USER The worst part are the Kontakt libraries created to sound "exactly" like HZ ?‍♂️.
The rain woke me up early. @USER I knew I shoulda called in.
Though you should've already known that Pieter is barely regarded high in journalists circles, lemme go through his stuff again.
The Caravan article is behind paywall, please post full text. This is cited as source many times in his every piece when ever he gives actual links to RSS.
The Quint article is by same author, and instead of providing proof of links, he is again clutching at straws. Not criticizing the RSS doesn't mean she is RSS, by this logic Kejriwal is supporter of RSS backed violence in Delhi.
Rest whole article is just roaming around the point making useless conclusions. And shit like "she used a Sanskrit word, vhp also uses the Sanskrit word, so she's clearly RSS" when conveniently omits the dact that many from  MMS to Pranav Da have used a common Sanskrit word.
Also, the author seems very, very angry about her tussle with Hillary for some reason, despite it's clearly Hillary in the wrong for making baseless accusations against some of her fellow dems to favor her friends.
Intercept is, well, Intercept. No source, no facts, just how they like it.
That said, please post the Caravan article which provides source of the RSS backing & funding as Pieter claims. >Rest whole article is just roaming around the point making useless conclusions. And shit like "she used a Sanskrit word, vhp also uses the Sanskrit word, so she's clearly RSS" when conveniently omits the dact that many from  MMS to Pranav Da have used a common Sanskrit word.
What are you talking about?? What article are you referring to? There is nothing in any of the articles I've posted about Sanskrit words!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Looking forward to it!! ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You're in for a KILLER gig Sooz! ?✊?
GF used to work there in marketing they get these requests daily.
A former director wanted to bring them back but marketed as Oliver Twists. He was advised this probably wasn't a good idea. He was right that would have been brilliant.
Yes. I see you are in SA. It's because of the good rain we had a month or so ago coupled with what i imagine is a good amount of corpses in the hills from the fires. But mostly the rain. No real rain here, as I said in another comment a few insubstantial attempts this year is all.
SA is a reasonable sized state so the weather isn't uniform across it's entirety.
@USER Got mine today, too. Feel like crap! @USER This one doesn’t seem to have made me feel bad.
Q5. What is the display type of the #GalaxyZFlip3? 
A. Dynamic AMOLED 2X
B. Dynamic AMOLED 3X
C. Static AMOLED X
D. Dynamic IPS
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER A. Dynamic AMOLED 2X
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
Another summer over.  Goes so quickly doesn't it? @USER ? I don’t consider Summer is over until I need to put on a sweater in the evening… sometime in October, regardless of what the calendar says Tilly. ? Makes me happy longer too. So I’m going to stay in my time zone. Join me ?
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Christ, Dan. Grow up. Politics isn’t Spurs v Arsenal.
These days, I have the privilege of interacting almost daily with Ukrainians — senior government officials,  journalists, diplomats, NGO leaders, soldiers, business leaders, academics, students. &amp; every time I do, my awe for their spirit, intelligence, bravery &amp; convictions grows. @USER Are you a warmonger?
@USER You’re following too closely. Back off. ? @USER ?????
Ask Congress leaders if they visited Statue of Unity; those who don't respect son of soil Sardar Patel should not have any place in Gujarat: PM Modi. @USER Those who support RSS don't need to visit statue of unity infact have no right to make such statues sardar Patel wanted RSS to be banned nehru ji ki galti RSS aaj zinda hai.
You just need to know the first line, then mumble along with the rest of us! I still have it ingrained from Irish college.
As a grown woman, why can’t I find pajama sets that don’t have some cunt of a Disney character on?!?? @USER For blokes it’s usually tartan of some kind.  I of course have stormtrooper PJs and a black dressing gown with the empire symbol and hood.  Need to find me some evil slippers, the sheep feet don’t really go.
My twitter feed really needs more Caulfield track prediction tweets. Honestly. @USER Heard they’re transferring the meeting to Newcastle.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER Now that is really cool!!!  Thanks for sharing that.
While our scientist are not excited to work on it, US has already patented it :   URL  
 URL. Sir, You can even get a patent for minor changes in Mickey Mouse, then this is a by-product of a cow, with a potential market for India. Why wouldn’t they do that?
Of the top spenders:
Latvia - To deter Russia
Estonia - To deter Russia
Greece - To deter Turkey
Cyprus - The other half of their island is occupied by Turkey
France - Involved in multiple engagements around the world. Takes a lead in European defense. Maintains an expensive modern nuclear deterrent.   
There is an argument for contributing more to defense in the region as a whole that said.
What does Ireland need to deter? >What does Ireland need to deter?
Take a look to the east.
Schofield “It was one of the most profound moments of my life” Also Schofield “We did not pass the coffin and were there in a purely professional capacity” ? #ThisMorning. @USER BULLSHIT.
wwhat's the pattern called at Myer?
Edit: it's Wild Fur You Australiana version lol. Go to lalalandahop.com.au I just looked at the bottom of the cup lol.
Sign the Paris Agreement. Weren’t we apart of that then quit?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congo  @USER bro. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
www.gradireland.com
www.jobs.ie. Great, thank you!
I remember an episode where someone stabbed someone through one of those vented wardrobe door things like this and it shit me up so badly I couldn't go near the one at my Nan's. Ive seen them all, dont recall that one to be honest? :P You sure you wernt watching Halloween?
Hot spot your phone. I don't use mobile internet.
Why restrict it to men? Men seem to have the most trouble getting partners today.
You should make a greater effort. Forget the past and trust more in God. Our fate is not predestined by Him; nor is karma the sole factor, though our lives are influenced by our past thoughts and past activities. - #ParamahansaYogananda. @USER Again fear of fate.If one is prepared for that ultimate fate 'Death' What's past,present or future ? Why are all your teachings focused at reducing stress and sorrows alone? Stress &amp; sorrows are perceptions and it's one's choice to be sad or happy. 

Lord Krishna's grace ??♥.
Gotta say when #ETHGate dropped I was about at the same place  @USER is. He makes many valid points in thread.

However, William Hinman certainly accepted bribes. It’s CLEAR. 

My 3 biggest holdings are $XRP, $ADA, &amp; $ETH and I refuse to take sides. They all win. @USER  @USER Calling out government corruption and manipulation does not mean you have to take sides with a particular digital asset Ben..?
@USER yes you are. ??? @USER You are going to lose your crush?
>-If you are sick STAY at home
This! FFS. What about people that need to choose between eating and working?
A bird plane. Bird plane?
जिस दिन अपन 3 Million फॉलोअर हो गए उस दिन 3 लोगों का रोजगार तय

एक आदमी, जरूरी मैसेज पर त्वरित उत्तर देगा, जरूरी एक्शन लेगा, ट्वीट-फोन से विभाग को भेजेगा

दूसरा आदमी, FB की सेवा में

तीसरा आदमी, आम लोगों के ट्वीट स्कैन करेगा, पता लगाएगा कि आज के अहम मुद्दे क्या है जिस पर बात हो. @USER 3 million to Aasan hai bhaiya.
Didn’t know we had mountains named after rashers! They built the mountains in honour of the rashers, I believe.
They ran €10 billion over budget and were supposed to be like the Alps though.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER If a party wins an election on the manifesto pledge to have a referendum on devolution, then absolutely we should have one. It is democracy after all.
It doesn’t feel like it here in Tassie... Was going to say; Hobartian's would disagree lol. We had maybe 2 good weeks during Christmas?
My last question of the day: What do the TV shows that you like have in common? @USER Fantasy.
Political parties should never be tied so closely with religion. BJP should never have been a hindu party . All this bullshit would have never happened. Fuck religion for causing so much hate in this world. > BJP should never have been a hindu party .
That is all they have. Without religion angle, BJP is nothing.
We got concessions on not having to join any EU army and that's why Lisbon 2 referendum existed. Thanks.
I’ve recently moved to New Zealand and the culture at restaraunts here is to go and just pay at the counter instead of asking for your bill. It’s incredibly liberating and just makes so much more sense than having to wait for your waiter who’s probably horrendously over worked to deliver your bill to your table! Order while in-line, pay before/at the end on the counter is glorious.
I am so fucking proud of my generation. We had the highest youth voter turnout in American history in 2020. We along with many other groups- played a critical role in helping elect Biden- the most accomplished American president in most of our lifetimes. When we vote we win. @USER You need to put down the meth pipe you are Hallucinating. ????‍♂️.
peak capitalism is not being able to immediately tell if it is satire or not. Seems pretty obvious to me.
Bench cam where  @USER admin??? @USER  @USER Will take time.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks so much Keith ??? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aways welcome  @USER ?☘️.
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER Union firmly secured " ? ?
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaww !
Their capacity for self-delusion is limitless !
@USER What if it is a Nifty NFT? @USER  @USER Unacceptable.
To All The Wonderful People Out There,

I am Looking for an opportunity in a Learning and Development entity.

I am a highly motivated and progress-focused Manager, Learning &amp; Development with a long-standing
background in this industry. With a track record of initiative and. dependability, I have devised strategic
initiatives which I believe will prove valuable.

Throughout the course of my career, I have perfected my training program improvement and curriculum
implementation abilities.
Guys new and doesn’t know our first language is english, probably that. Could be confusion over the EU Irish English thing ?
 URL.
Social Worker writes…‘the child wants to study psychology at A Level. Bearing in mind their mental state this is totally inappropriate.’ I give up ??‍♂️ At times I pity my profession. Luckily the young people are the ones that motivate me to keep doing this job. @USER what absolute crap! My daughter suffered mental health problems and self harmed all through teenage years. She is now an amazing support worker in a Forensic hospital and finishes her adult and #mentalhealth #nursing masters degree this year. #experience #understanding.
I cannot wait to buy an actual booth.

There's one I'm eyeing up for less than $100, including postage to the UK. But I have to wait until after our wedding. Getting married is expensive! ? @USER So what is the set up and equipment going to be?  Where could I get them?So I could set up my dream booth. Getting help from an experience veteran voice actor would be so helpful. You guys have the most wisdom and advice to be given, it would be an honor to learn from you!
Two most difficult areas in counseling in medicine -
1. Convincing a patient with widal positive test that they don't need an antibiotic
2. Convincing patient to start/switch to insulin when the situation demands.
#MedTwitter
Any other issues frequently faced in counseling? @USER Doctors' community themselves had made antibiotics a norm rather than an exception. Sad state of affairs. Patients now need anti-antibiotics councelling.
So another fuckup by the FAI. Can't really blame the FAI, the referee is supposed to call off the game if it's deemed unplayable.
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER Happy Birthday Claire. Have a great day! ❤️??
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. It would show an existing endemic virus has killed more people than a brand new one, I'll ask Captain Obvious to put it together.
By saying that in a nice way.
Also what does uncircumcised people have to do it? Over time if they don’t wash under their foreskin shit starts getting weird if you ever hear the term dick cheese that’s where it comes from.
I hope India will not make same mistake to add Ruturaj Gaikwad in playing 11.

Simple formula:
Play without Ruturaj and you will win!!
 @USER  @USER #INDvSA. @USER  @USER  @USER Lets give chance to Rahul Tripathi. Or else team will be same which played in ODI in second match.
What happened to png mafia. GIFMAFIA.
The Vogon ships hung in the sky in exactly the same way that bricks don't. This is still probably one of my favourite lines.
one thing about me is that I want a FT salary on PT hours. @USER This is the dream for many ? hope you get it.
Guy in a car deliberately run over a cyclist because the driver was in a rush. cyclist deliberately running red lights because rules don’t apply to them.
It a a good thing he is spending all this money in wedding.
Read it as, Politician infuses Rs. 500 crore in local economy.
It will create lot of job and employment.
Edit: it is a light hearted fun comment. Ahh yes the trickle-down economics. If you feed enough oats to a horse, it would eventually shit enough undigested oats to feed the birds.
It sometimes scares me to think how close Ireland came to being a communist state. How...how close do you think we were?
The closest Ireland has come to communism was the election of FF in 1932, or at least, so Cumann Na nGaedheal claimed.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER You silly man. Weve had 12 years of a Tory government and police cuts. Ditto funding to the nhs. Youd be dangerous if you had a brain.
Fuck-a-duck! You’re down the road from me! I hope you enjoyed the night as much as I did.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ? and will get it again. Who the hell cares about a Kevin Sorbo, whatever is was.
Choose headphones that are clear. Bass can be increased with a pro equalizer like viper or equalizer pro. I suggest any Sennheiser in that range. No bro, you won't get real bass like that. I already have good earphones from audio Technica, this one is specifically for watching movies with a subwoofer feel, it's impossible to get that experience using software.
There goes any hope of having any bandwith at all left over tomorrow. Plenty of capacity at INEX. 
If your ISP is shite, then either change, or harass them for a presence on INEX (If they are not there).
@USER Beautiful ? @USER Gary’s a right stunner ain’t he.
@USER Adelaide ch wadiya ajj mosam. @USER odr hi bhejde aa hun meeh ???
Kurt Cobain. Interestingly my uncle did his autopsy and even has pictures from it that he took home! (Unfortunately these picture are across the country at my grandparents house). Okay that is HELLA interesting.
The day im waiting for finally it came .going to write a exam which decides my future need all ur wishes ? @USER All the best bro❤️.
I don't even know or care to know the truth because this is so obviously clickbait rubbish. The bane of internet information, Jesus.
Does anyone have a decent news outlet other than The Guardian? Something that is simply information even, no clixkbait and sensational rubbish to entertain the lowest common denominator... RTÉ are fairly good for it.
@USER Don't get sucked in, it's all made up by the Victorians ? @USER  @USER As cosplay goes, it’s pretty epic though, no?
Lol Christmas Island is like next to Indonesia, hardly next to WA. Look at the tracking diagram in the article.
It conducted some mapping near Christmas Island, then came further south near WA.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ??????
>How when he was looking for partners to play Badminton, most hindu groups didn't take him in but the Muslim guys welcomed him with open arms.
What? Not in religious sense. It's like a new badminton player comes and existing players don't want newbies in their group. Meant that.
@USER  @USER Beautiful view ? x. @USER  @USER Pity no sun Jo ?x.
@USER I agree with you but interesting that both my kids (8&amp;7) LOVE the home shirt and suspect that’s more relevant than one 40-something and another 50-something…! @USER I admire your honesty in revealing you’re in your 50s.
Great, now what they gonna use to bash up minorities in? Now that's what I call edgy!
Mr  @USER please there are indications that you have been included as Spokesman in the campaign team for ObiDatti, I need you to confirm this bcos u are my spokesperson. @USER  @USER Is there another list ?
ଅର୍ଚନା ନାଗ ସର୍ବଦଳୀୟ ବୁଦ୍ଧିମତୀ ମହିଳା ଟିଏ ଥିଲେ
ବିଜେଡି,ବିଜେପି, କଂଗ୍ରେସ ସବୁ ଦଳର ନେତାଙ୍କ ସହ ସମ୍ପର୍କ ସ୍ଥାପନ କରି ରଖିଥିଲେ
ଯାହା ଫଳରେ ଏତେ ବଡ଼ ଘଟଣା ଉପରେ ଏବେ କେହି କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ  ଆନ୍ଦୋଳନ କରିବେନି
ସମସ୍ତଙ୍କର ତ ଏଠି କେଂ,କିଏ କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ କହିବ....?? @USER We r targetting one girl here,many women who r staying in BBSR in independent houses r involved in illegal criminal activities.There is no background check happening in apartments and independent houses. So many private organizations r getting registered without verification.
Ffs.
These posts are utterly deplorable. You have zero right to know anything more than the fact that a case has been identified. You have zero right to know who, where, age, sex, school, place of work, place of residence, nothing, unless the HSE deems it appropriate for you to know, in which case, the HSE or the patient will be in contact with you directly. 
Otherwise, cool your fucking knickers people. Hah, imagine the bedlam if they said it was a Dublin Bus driver.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Would that party be the republican greens.
@USER Dopeneess ? @USER Cheers mate! Good to hear from ya ???
Has anyone tried the Cohiba Puro Dominicana? I haven't tried any Cohiba, wasn't sure if it was worth the hype .. but I just picked some up for what seems like a great deal $4 each .. any cigar seems good at that price but what did y'all think? @USER Definitely worth trying at that price.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Oh are you guys in JGU? 
I did not know at all. I would not miss listening to Mr. Ranade. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Please come to T1 F20 if you’re free.
URL 
Just need to time it properly! Just be careful not to wank the whole business away.
My tweets aren't very wholesome at the moment and for that I apologise. @USER No need to apologise.
I don’t follow AFL, (as well as soccer or rugby or union or any other ball sport).
I wouldn’t know half the teams in the league. I don’t care who wins or loses. I hate how it takes up half the newspaper on a Monday, and was excited for electronic news- so I can skip past it. 
I wouldn’t recognise a single player, and never watch or listen to a game. Actually I don’t think a sporting game has ever been watched by either myself or my kids in our house. 
We play sport, we are all good at sport and all games but don’t care to watch others play it. No one in Brisbane follows AFL except 1st & 2nd generation immigrants from Melbourne.
Watch where the dog usually poops and shit there, no one will suspect a thing. This guy "yard poops".
@USER  @USER By quitting, he is making twitter a better place tbh !! @USER  @USER  @USER We need more people like you 

#MedTwitter.
What is everyone giving for 50th Birthday Party pressies? Money? €50 in a card? @USER I got vouchers for shops and for the Bluebook hotels… had great fun spending them although I still have a few left due to the pandemic… all still redeemable thankfully ?
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER What, the rees mogg who wouldn't serve under another prime minister after johnson? Perhaps he's going to announce his Damascene conversion to trussism.
Who of my friends here is going  to the cricket Sunday?

TBH I am expecting crickets as you are mostly a football mob. @USER I'll be working it.
That Covid-19 is an escaped virus from the Wuhan military biological research facility. Where Chinese assembled it as a biological weapon that killed about 2800 people in 40 days? Mostly old people with previous diseases? Man, what a shitty weapon!
Just this morning I was wondering, how did India manage to stay clear of this virus so far when so many other developed countries are falling prey to it. 
Pehle hi tension kam hain is desh main, ke ek aur. Are you familiar with the entire country of Russia?
Get Shane Meahan on the pitch #clare. @USER There you go.
Had my Autumn covid booster this morning and thought I’d got away without any issues. Fast forward 12 hours and I can barely move my arm ??‍♀️. @USER Nooo ?
I don't know about you but I voted to make America great again, not for nuclear armageddon. @USER Same thing.
Just got a message from a Relatively Normal Secrets reader's parent:

"I just wanted to say, thank you! My 9 year old kind of LOATHES reading, but I just picked this up on kindle for her, and she's been sitting downstairs reading for the past hour."

I'm not crying, YOU'RE CRYING. @USER  @USER What a great reward and compliment  for your work.
Tipu Sultan was not just a brave fighter who fought British but he was a Muslim too ? @USER Who gave secret of Tippu's movement to British force in Srirangpatana during 4th Mysore war???
Didn’t know we had mountains named after rashers! Other way round bud.
City Wok? City beef.
My partner went and got some for me... girl went behind the counter and just gave it to him. Didn’t take ID, interrogate him about symptoms... 3 times in the past 4 years, I tried to get some when I was obviously sick... I got refused once (even when I went in with a Tamiflu script)... and the other times was treated like a criminal and had my ID scanned... 
I get my partner to go in... he must look trustworthy, because they always ask him: “how many boxes?”. But it should never come down to a personal judgement based upon stereotypes. Its the  biggest failing of our  system that should only consider medical need rather than stereotypes and nasty ideology. 
The whole system is a joke and I blame our nanny state politicians for this  despicable treatment. The way they legislate to treat ordinary people is wrong. I wonder why it is in places like HK, Thailand and most of SE Asia where you can get anything without script  and the population majority are not addicted drug addicts sniffing blood pressure medications like they think we do in Australia. How condescending is it that  chemists and our politicians think that the Australian  people  have a predisposition to abuse every drug on the planet from toe fungal cream to common things like headache and cold medications. The whole system is a farcical joke.
(2/4)…the Navy has been involved in more than ten major conflicts and countless smaller battles to ensure security, democracy and prosperity for the American people and for the international community. (3/4)  Best wishes for a Happy 247th Birthday to the Unites States Navy and thank you to the awesome Sailors and Veterans who have manned her ships and stations, and to the ever-faithful Families who have enabled them to serve!
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Then they wouldn’t really be Muslims living devoid of any influence from the Quran or Islamic teachings, I sincerely hope you don’t assume that all the Quran and Islamic teachings are bad and cause mayhem. Also I don’t think you get the meaning of the word secular by the way you framed the question, secular doesn’t mean abandonment of religion in regards to individual practice but that law should not be based on religious teachings which have no basis in fact, i.e. ban on cow slaughter or blasphemy laws 
I won’t say islamophobia but the way your question is phrased astounds me, can Muslims be secular? Go ask that to all the Muslims protesting to remove a religious delineation on a law. Smh.
If our parade is not cancelled, I would like to see her invited over. Patrick's Day is obviously an Irish cultural event, and I think it would send a strong message that we as a country do not condone the discrimination of anyone based on their sexual orientation at an event that is about our culture. As a United Statesian, I agree with you.
Ah the old 'I've dropped my sweets' dilemma, do you scrabble around and pick them up putting them in the bag because you'll bin them later (liar); do you kick them under the nearest seat or hide them under your feet/bag until you can make a hasty exit; do you break down in tears at the latest shit hand life has dealt you?
Or do you just sit on the floor and eat them whilst making eye contact with all around you daring them to challenge your need for sugary goodness? Five second rule.
Too slow to travel ban Iran, unfortunately. They should have done it as soon as it was clear that Iran couldn't deal with their outbreak. As a result of the delay, returnees from Iran have already led to 2 AU cases and 1 NZ case. Weird how in yesterday's post on here the 2nd highest upvoted comment was how the government was racist for announcing the travel ban on Iran but now people are complaining it's too late?
 URL.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER  @USER Good for you!
@USER Gm ??? @USER GM GM ??
@USER I would only add Buffalo Mozzarella and / or Burrata. (Who am I kidding, I mean both). Tomatoes… grilled peaches… the stuff of dreams. @USER Fresh mint, proper peppers and melons, the list is long ?
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER People. ?
On Friday nights the ABC used to replace 7 30 Report with state-based programs. Far and away the finest was NSW’s brilliantly produced and presented by Quentin Dempster- sacked by Mark Scott ‘because of budget costs’. A tragedy for the ABC and local politics. Bring back Quentin! @USER I used to enjoy the same in Qld!
@USER They were supposed to find my luggage. It’s been 4 weeks and I have no clue about it. Definitely worst airlines ever.  @USER  @USER @AirFranceKLM. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You are the worst airline!! You lost my luggage, can't find it, only gave me a $100 voucher, a number to call at JFK that doesn't work, and a tracking number that also doesn't work! Where is my luggage???
समय इंसान को सफल नहीं  बनाता, समय का 
 सही इस्तेमाल इंसान को सफल बनाता है... ✌
##Goodmorning? @USER Good afternoon ??
They could be everywhere, but the vast majority aren't pest species that interact with humans; most that do live here (if any) are probably all hiding out in the woods and gorse and all and staying the fuck away from people. 
I think for pest species it's the German cockroaches that you'd find here the most, but they aren't native; usually they get brought over in shipments or in people's luggage and then go on to infest the surrounding buildings. Even the pest ones are very skittish and good at hiding, so your building could easily be full of 'em without you noticing for a long time, and if you see one, he almost certainly has a few thousand close relatives nearby out of sight. 
If you really want to see cockroaches for some strange reason, just head to the southeast US and you'll see some shit all right. I once spotted one in the kitchen in the house I grew up in down in Florida because I was in the sitting room watching TV and I heard it walking around. I dropped a cereal bowl on top of it and went to go grab something to capture it with, and when I got back the entire fucking bowl was trundling across the kitchen floor; that thing gave no fucks. 
Oh, and did I mention some of the bigger ones (yes, there were bigger ones) fly? Back in Georgia I had a nest of 'em take up residence on my roof once, and every now and again one would get lost up there and fall down the chimney or the bathroom vent. Nothing like sitting on the toilet doing your business and hearing this *thud* *thud* *thud* *thud* *thud* sound descending the vent pipe, and then *schlorp*, out pops an enormous and mildly concussed cockroach which then proceeds to freak the fuck out and go whizzing around the room randomly bouncing off of everything, including your face. 
So yeah, tl;dr: don't look the gift of your lack of cockroaches in the mandibles. That is hilarious and horrifying.  Thank you for the travel warning.
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER Impossible, may be he felt on something but can’t decide.
In research, it's not enough to be 99.9% sure, you have to be 100% sure. How many of you agree?  @USER  @USER  @USER @AcademicDilemma. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nothing in life is 100% sure.
Grabs popcorn
This is a damn good question.... Can't wait for the results. Agreed. My family isn't boring, but porn has never been involved & I've only known like one person who's mother posed for Playboy.
@USER Same tweet reverse lo oka ammayi veste, Appudu em cheyaali ? @USER  @USER Go girl anali.
to all my friends who are going thru it or down bad, it gets better. 

not for me, shit is bonkers out here, you’ll be fine tho. @USER I've never me your Gabe, but I've been a fan of your music for a long time now after hearing about you from Flip, Prozack, Stretch and Design. I genuinely believe tings will get better for you. You made some of the best hip-hop of my formative years. To me you're a legend. ✊.
@USER No your so humble .unique .down  to earth Girl  podda. @USER Thank you dear ?
Who remembers that Saturday morning tradition of getting up at 9am and settling in front of the television to watch Video Hits? Recovery was far superior.
I don’t know in what world people are living in where they believe #Ukraine is winning this war. The media are full of shit. #NATO involvement is literally their only life line and that can’t run forever without boiling over - which I would argue is happening already. This has been begging for a global conflict from the start. The media narrative is complete propaganda on all sides. The machine is hungry and it’s overdue. It needs blood and treasure to keep the beast fed. Been that way for centuries. Allegiance is not always a binary choice.
Cardinals Nation roll call!

Let's see how far Cardinals nation stretches around the globe! Where are you watching today's game from? @USER “Baston” at dah sevens.
My son came home from a party(obviously drunk) he had to throw up and he said he was ill from the food. your son is brilliant.
I wonder if our high temperatures hinder the spread of virus? Is there a particular temperature at which the virus spreads the most? Singapore has had a 100 cases. The temperature there has been between 28 and 36 degrees Celsius.
10/12 number 4 & 8 have me stumped. I just got 8, it's easier if you try it in reverse order.
You can see how this plays out:  @USER cuts swathes of taxes, mostly benefitting better off. Loses 2024 election (sewage/care homes/economy/NHS/sewage). Labour has to put taxes up to restore UK finances. Right wing press goes nuts. Tories get back in in 2028.. @USER  @USER Ah didn't see that. Still figuring out how bankers bonus will help us?.
Wow my name is Sapphire and I didn't really even know they came in green...
This is embarassing. Nice try u/byepolerbare. We can all see your name above your comment.
@USER Girl I’ve been trying so hard to find something. @USER I’m trying to work under this attorney I met at a conference. I’ll be home tomorrow so I’m going to pop up at his office next week ???. I’m heavily thinking about taking that bar exam again.
Liberal side don't like to talk about this (I'm a liberal too) but it is a fact that Indian muslims have changed a LOT in the last 25 years. Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
I lived in Lucknow when I was young. That was a very liberal muslim city. You'd never even see a burqa in Hazratganj. Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
Among my muslim friends from back then, there is a shift within their families as well. My friends (all 30 year olds) are mostly irreligious. But their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar". > Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
> Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
> their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar"
Do you have any sources for these?
LADZ! I just watched ‘House of Gucci,’ - I know you all loved it…. but lord! It is NOT good. @USER Haven’t seen it but out of curiosity I want to lol.
Wooooooaaahhhh mysterious girl, I wanna ~~get close to you~~ remain at least 2 chevrons apart from you. You could of gone with anything but you went with chevrons! Now I feel like I’m on the M1 between J26 and 30. 10/10 good sir.
You are still making "Australia Day" about the British monarchy so I don't think changing the date to today is going to fly with the people protesting about the current date... of course I don't think any date is going to suit them. Nah, I’m making it about parliamentary and judicial sovereignty, not the monarchy. The Queen can stay in England and have fuck all to do with Australia, thanks.
Australia is a de facto republic anyway (‘commonwealth’ is actually a synonym for ‘republic’) and while I’d like to become a real republic, I reckon the Australia Acts are way more constitutionally important to us as a sovereign country than the arrival of the first fleet.
@USER Yet they want to trash Mets fans? @USER  @USER Mets are golfing zip it ! The real baseball team fans are talking here !
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER बहुत सुंदर सत्संग वचन।
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
Bisexual. Not gay. There is a difference. Don't be part of the bisexual erasure. Thanks. Bi is fly but isn't gay the accepted shorthand in this case
Edit. Ok I'm wrong. Will know better in the future.
Suggest Film titles for my new feature film:. @USER  @USER دلہن چند رات کی وہ بھی میاں کے کہنے پر.
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. The wage calculation test is correct if your a “wage” theft employer. Maybe it’s how they condition new workers....
@USER Just like sitting in traffic for a road paving project. @USER We have restrictions when we can and can’t hold up traffic ???
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations  @USER bhaiya! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Vaibhav! Let's rock buddy together and help Ahmedabad with @PolygonAmd.
@USER Hope you took your own advice? @USER Course!
Reminder Brexit really wasn’t about a US trade deal, it wasn’t really about an economic doctrine. It was really about believing your nation state is where the highest form of govt should lie. It was basically about democracy. @USER So we're left living in a country that thinks we have democracy under this Government.  Sinking in league tables, no real trade deals, the pound sinking, rates up - high inflation  - freedom of movement lost - I see nothing good!  A  dictatorial country for the rich. Wake up!
I've been told from people I know that the supermarket shelves in Sydney are empty of many essentials. Is it true? Does seem to be the case where I am in the mid north-west. Went to Woolworths Marsfield yesterday and they had hardly any canned tuna, absolutely no toilet paper at all. Not too sure on the UHT milk situation though. Plenty of bread and regular milk. Anything hand sanitiser related is a joke, even regular soap is being bought out.
For some reason, it seems like people think that being forcibly cooped up at home for a few weeks will give them an extreme case of the shits. I can understand going to buy a 24 pack if you’re running out, but when you see people loading 5 24 packs of Quilton rolls into the back of their overpriced German SUV, it’s one of those things that makes you go “hmmmmm”.
@USER Come home &amp; stop w this nonsense. @USER  @USER he’s already home though??
Two most difficult areas in counseling in medicine -
1. Convincing a patient with widal positive test that they don't need an antibiotic
2. Convincing patient to start/switch to insulin when the situation demands.
#MedTwitter
Any other issues frequently faced in counseling? @USER Convincing patients tht severe depression ( with or without psychotic symptoms) is not the time to go for therapy and needs meds?
>Save the cheerleader. Save the world
lol ! I liked the first two seasons of Heros, like everything it kinda dropped off towards the end.
Yeah but it’s funny because it’ll do nothing to stop the spread of coronavirus.. True, if it is a droplet infection. 
Ring-a-ring o' roses,
A pocket full of posies,
A-tishoo! A-tishoo!
We all fall down.
I upset people every time I point this out but Murdoch is going out of business because people aren't consuming the "news" from his fiction factory.
Not only that but Australians don't pay attention to news in general. And when we do it's for the sport or the weather. We're the least likely to consume news in the Western World, and even then we're the least likely to believe what we read or are being told.
The influence of media outlets on the Australian public is well overstated. We simply don't care. You see you say that but then every time I make the stupid decision to check the comments section on any politics or climate change post on facebook, it's inundated with people making the same Murdoch talking points. For a country that supposedly doesn't pay attention to the news, we sure do a good job of parroting what one of the largest media monopolies on the planet want us to parrot.
@USER Good job  @USER you are starting to be a blessed ‘WarPresident’ that’s what we need now! @USER  @USER  @USER War president? Is this satire? Something tells me to you'd be singing a different tune if you were over there fighting.
I'm waiting for the day when he messages, 'This Sunday, thinking of giving up my position as the Prime Minister of India. Will keep you all posted.'. I hope his downfall is not dignified. It should not be that easy for him that he just steps down just like that.
@USER I don't give a toss about gay adults or trans adults, you can sort that out among yourselves. Start introducing a perverted version of that to little kids in schools and media,then you have lost me. @USER  @USER So what you're effectively saying is that trans kids should not be allowed to be trans kids, they should be forced to appear and behave how you think they should.
Kind of providing the evidence against the "no GC person ever threatens the existence of trans people" lie!
we are not at this point yet. Unless you live in an area which has had an infection, its not worth you start to panic yet. I mean, I live near MK, some of the quarantines are there, I'm still not panicking.
These days, I have the privilege of interacting almost daily with Ukrainians — senior government officials,  journalists, diplomats, NGO leaders, soldiers, business leaders, academics, students. &amp; every time I do, my awe for their spirit, intelligence, bravery &amp; convictions grows. @USER Are you a warmonger?
Is anyone actually afraid? I see stories but not one person I know cares about it, and I have friends that work in the medical field. I have a friend who, while young, has a compromised immune system due to some weird birth defect. 
He is quite worried that he might die if he gets it. Rightfully so, as he's in the group that is more likely to die from it if infected.
The kind of venom Hindutva supporters are spewing at Mulayam Singh Yadav on his demise is at another level altogether. @USER Rather as a true journalist..it should have been...

Venom spewed are similar to when #Jaitley or #Shushma or #Bipenrawat  expired..

Baba..its their in either side.

And siding one make u also culpable.
I can't listen to newstalk/rte1/today FM anymore, it's wall to wall Corona virus shite repeating itself over and over. I started listening to LBC, it's pretty good. I've been listening to RTE Lyric and loving it.
I'd use aircraft to drop pallets of supplies over affected areas. Clearly, anyone a pallet lands on wasn't meant to survive anyway. Some pallets may contain weapons also, for my own amusement. I don't think going full Fortnite is a good idea...
@USER  @USER I think anarchism is going on the right wing campaigning. @USER  @USER  @USER I think anarchism is a must have for the church that is not true?
@USER Happy birthday Fat Bul. @USER Thanks Money.
Video or it didn't happen.
/s. Time machine with the ability to traverse all parallel universes otherwise it didn't happen...
@USER Happy Sunday Lana ☀️. @USER Happy Sunday John, ??
It’s to give the impression of them having a weapon(knife, D-lock, etc) so they are more threatening to other teenage bys. The penis mightier than the sword.
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER I'm a wait and see.
@USER Good morning!! Have a wonderful day ?? @USER Thank you Nati! You too!??
Do attack helicopters become instantly aware just like girls when someone is looking at them with dha dha dha dha Surround Sound intentions? Yesss infact Apache helicopters have good radar system.
Yeah, I'm hoping to by this year in Dublin, by myself, and new homes are a complete non-starter. There is no way I could afford any of them in Dublin. Just be rich, duh.
Holiday and work?? @USER Feels good.
Heavy metal is the best medicine ? @USER Hmm, to each its own!
Does TikTok not count here? Im not too familiar with tiktok, can you make revenue?
@USER  @USER You have used which app? @USER  @USER There are many available on Google playstore...it is Timestamp camera.
Reptiles. ?
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER People I consider friends haven't come near me since Mammy died in January. It really hurts.
I have a bidet so can ration toilet paper pretty well but I guess a lot of people can't :P I can understand why people might stock up on it if they're worried though, they'll eventually use it so not really a waste of money plus it's one of my worst nightmares to run out of toilet paper and I think I'm not alone in that fear. I typically do one poo each day, first thing in the morning before I take a shower. I wipe once then finish cleaning myself in the shower. A pack of toilet paper lasts me literally months.
@USER Happy birthday my Bloggers favorite Blogger. @USER Thank u cuz.
@USER First check if how many subsidiary co they have. Most of MNC have cent percent subsidiary co and all new business goes there in many such cases. @USER True.
"“TDs and Senators were given blank nomination forms at this week’s parliamentary party meeting. They had to sign them and hand them back. The National Executive then decided which candidates to select, filling in names on the pre-signed documents”
"
>Tweet publisher: Seamusdo. If this happened within Sinn Fein, we’d never hear the end of it.
Just reinforces the need for change.
Schofield and Willoughby say they didn't jump queue when they did. @USER of course they did...
Labor was in government for six fucking years and didn't once think 'gee maybe we ought to do something about the giant glaring nepotistic media monopoly in this country'?
Nup. Nothin. No spine in government, no spine out of government. I think they'll win next time but I won't be voting for them. Greens #1 Senate only. Same for HOR if I vote for it. #1 Greens only. If that spoils the HOR ballot tough, change the laws. I will not rank trash. Yep, Labor is just as beholden to the coporations and Murdoch. They act progressive but maintain the status quo. Vote Greens on everything, they actually have policies on the issues and modelling showing how it can be achieved. Although don't they not count your vote if you don't rank at least 8 or something?
The idea of superpowers has been around for a long time. A google search show the Poper Puff Girls was created in the 90s. But comicbooks have been around for a while. Marvel had comics during WW2, and DC comics was made in 1934 my a US Major in the army. 
The idea of superpowers, supernatural powers, and powers given to humans by god, has existed for thousands of years. We can't really say who created these ideas first. But, we can say that it wasn't the creator of the Power Puff Girls, sorry. Thats your realistic and correct information but like you're still wrong.
Anyone who knows his bloody past would know how much of a statesman he is. It is highly unlikely that the countries around the world, with all the intelligence capabilities they have, aren't aware of Modi's past. All of them just Ignore everything, because India is a big country that imports a lot and would buy stuff from them. They will continue to look the other way, till we continue to buy stuff from them. The day we stop paying them to buy stuff, we will see many of them suddenly become concerned about the situation in India and will talk about re-establishing democracy.. Very accurate.
Lift weights, listen to Jordan Peterson. I suppose joining the cult of disenfranchised white males could possibly make you friends, just not the sort of friends any normal human would want.
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER Happy Birthday Claire. Have a great day! ❤️??
From next season, the next generation Chevrolet Camaro will replace the Holden Commodore, while the next generation Mustang will line up for Ford. Much of Australia’s recent history has been tied up in the ‘Ford Vs Holden’ rivalry, with households split evenly for a long time. So sad to see it go!
The guys were fucking about crushing things with a 3" thick slab of lead that's about 18" x 12" (metalwork class) with the teacher away somewhere. Mostly pens, but one of the guys forgot to move his hand, and it dropped on him, literally bursting his thumb wide open. It was a bit gruesome, and he went a bit feint. He was OK after it healed though. Wow that is gruesome.
कुछ मोहब्बत है इसलिए भी अधूरी रह जाती हैं

ताकि उनके परिवार खुश रह सके...? @USER Hamri trah ??
Things are only going one way. Might as well just call the second election and see how a left coalition gets on in government. calling an election at the early stages of a pandemic? no party would consider this to be a good option.
j waiting for that one text. @USER Ok lemme text you?‍?
I want to do hospitality/travel ugc but I see little to no black creators doing this for ugc. It just has me wondering if it’s even possible. Brands do not champion the diversity they say they do. @USER I have seen a bit of them in new York!
According to new polling, Americans think Biden’s student-loan bailout is unfair by a margin of 59% to 32%. @USER Who did the polling?
Food, sex, sleep what would you like ? @USER Food.
Dundalk fans singing “your from tallaght, scruffy tallaght” is like a homeless man slagging you for being poor. @USER Cracking song. Very accurate too.
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. I lived in Worcester Massachusetts a few years ago. People there can say it correctly but visitors were pretty clueless!
There was a Leominster somewhere nearby too and no one said that right.
It isn’t the same contact per se, it’s just that the Govt agency responsible for myGov sends the messages from a name, and not a registered phone number. This makes impersonating them stupidly easy as you’ve seen.
Further, there’s no real global standards for verified SMS which increases the likelihood of people being phished. While Google has made some in-roads for their customers in select countries, it isn’t rolled out in Australia or other major nations. And Apple just keeps hoping more businesses will use their iMessage for business platform, but their rollout of it is as slow as a wet week. ^ good info.
It's sad to see our gov using SMS for MFA, it's a bad practice for several reasons.
The mygov scam emails/SMSes are quite common:  URL.
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Any Morrisey song.
so guys do you also feel like a cave man when you use a budget phone instead of a flagship device? mine recently fell from 1st floor and now its getting repaired. ?
ps. fuk iphone. android mastrace. I actually am considering switching to a basic phone 
I think I am a phone addict.
I never go to mass but had to this past 2 weeks for family occasions. Notable at today's mass we got a lecture on the unborn,how to pray away imminent WW111 but no mention of the tragedy up the road in Cresslough ? Still livid at the priest who said WW111 was imminent at a children's mass today. Not least for making me define imminent as 'a long way away' to Chung Flit. What an arse. No more mass.
The three great universities are Oxford, Cambridge and? Open University on BBC2 at 3am?
@USER Ahh cmon fam why you gotta do us dirty like that ?? @USER  @USER Where is SS these days?
Just got a message from a Relatively Normal Secrets reader's parent:

"I just wanted to say, thank you! My 9 year old kind of LOATHES reading, but I just picked this up on kindle for her, and she's been sitting downstairs reading for the past hour."

I'm not crying, YOU'RE CRYING. @USER  @USER What a great reward and compliment  for your work.
Someday I'll buy myself a rolex oyster perpetual datejust. It’s a great watch. My dad gave me his vintage one as a gift to me.
Here’s us wearing our favorite watches at my wedding...
@USER  @USER  @USER I'm from Limerick. Limk Reg Hosp Ed has been like that as long as I can remember! And closing Ennis and Nenagh EDs resulted in the predicted clusterf**k. Friends, who have been in the ED, have had horror stories for years. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Same in Olol Drogheda. Navan, Dundalk, Drogheda cottage hosp and Monaghan all downgraded. I spent Sunday evening and night on a trolley in a+e. Scanned Monday morning, 2 brain aneurysms sent to Beaumont. Was grand till last night. Nothing happens at weekends apparently ?
Honestly it doesn't look that good, it's hard to tell from a single picture but it looks very thin and overdone. Not a popular comment but I'm inclined to agree...
I am so fucking proud of my generation. We had the highest youth voter turnout in American history in 2020. We along with many other groups- played a critical role in helping elect Biden- the most accomplished American president in most of our lifetimes. When we vote we win. @USER You need to put down the meth pipe you are Hallucinating. ????‍♂️.
Washing my hands more. Smart one, you are.
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q3) C. 12MP ?

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
I think I am the last of a dying breed. I much prefer bar soap, as opposed to liquid soap. @USER ???
NO fun on MY subreddit. One of us has to be the miserable bastard.
That’s just the culture of pop punk and metalcore though, music for those who are mentally 13.
(sorry if you like metalcore)
EDIT - gonna keep this comment up because apparently people can’t discern that pop punk/metalcore is vastly different scene to all the other types of metal. 
It’s an extension of 2000’s scene/emo kid culture and is far more toxic than any actual punk/metal shows.
To anyone in Brisbane think The Brightside vs Crowbar and the different crowds there. Ive had the opposite experience with fans of the metalcore and punk/metal scenes in general. Ive never had an issue, and like anything it's a few bad apples that ruin the whole scene. 
Now I have seen douche bros countless times act like this towards people of varying genders, cultures and sexualities.
All of them. You beat me by 4 min, I like you dark friend.
Iaintwotuthink is a genius lady. Dalali karna band karo
band karo
band karo.
Hi fellow chronically ill and/or disabled friends,

What's something about your chronic illness and/or disability that people around you don't understand? @USER That there is anything else wrong with me other than my legs not working.
Is there anyone else on twitter today that didn't watch any of the pageantry on the TV. @USER Me and all my family and friends..massive, cultish mournfest.
Someone just told me they spent 7K on a gaming PC ? @USER Waste of money.
Good morning bitches! Woke up 3am, alarm for 4:30am. I cleaned the toilet. I walked my dog. I am showered, I am full of coffee and breakfast. GET AT ME MOTHER FUCKERS. @USER Oh. You are REA-DY.
The U.S. condemns Russia's missile strikes today across Ukraine which injured and killed civilians and demonstrated once again the brutality of Putin’s illegal war.

These attacks only reinforce our commitment to stand with the people of Ukraine for as long as it takes. @USER How about starting peace talks? Ukraine isn't worth risking a nuclear war over. Have our Ambassador in Moscow speak to his counterpart and start talking. Peace starts with one word.
Good luck becoming a mental health nurse. 
I too was admitted to the psych unit. Still trying to make something of myself afterwards. Thanks man I'd like to make a difference in people's lives.
The vegan sausage roll isn't vegan... Curious ? The Gregg's vegan sausage roll is better than the non vegan one IMO ? can't beat a sausage bean and cheese melt though!
Looks like a lacewing, nothing to be worried about.
 URL. Quite the beneficial insect, too- often sold in garden stores.
&#x200B;
Much better to use a heap of these guys than spraying poisons around.
Epstein didn't kill himself and he hosted pedoparties on some island in the Caribbean
The chemical that can turn frogs gay exists and it could potentially work for humans
The Masons built the current Denver Airport to hide something important
And I'm sure I'm missing some
PS: Top2 have been proven to be mostly true for a fact, 3rd is known except for the "something important" thingy. I live in Denver. I go to the airport a few times a year. For the past 2 years or so they have had the same construction stuff in the same places. They have these big walls to hide whatever they’re doing, with posters that are making fun of the airport conspiracy theory. Whenever I’m waiting in line at security I hear a banging sound that doesn’t sound like construction tools. It sounds like they’re just randomly banging on a metal pipe. I think a lot of the evidence is bullshit, like the murals and the runways being in the shape of a swastika, but it is a little fishy that the queen supposedly owns property near there. And the airport is really far away. I get that Stapleton Airport was too close to the city, but DIA is in what seems like Kansas. So there might be something there.
Just google it? qbasic.net. Thanks mate.
@USER Do you deny there were followers of Jesus in the 1st century? @USER No I don't deny that Jesus had followers! They were all Jews, As I said, Christianity did not exist nor the Gospels, Good night.
@USER Because she comes from a branch of economics - monetarism, aka Thatcherism - where this things produce stimulus in the economy (aka trickle down economics). Two issues (for me): a) she's ignoring current circumstances (inflation), and b) it produces massive wealth inequality. @USER Also yes, just because u save the rich money doesn’t mean they’ll actually spend it!! ?
slay slay all day. @USER Reyanna Sleepria.
@USER Good morning bro have a great one. @USER Likewise fam.
I was a shitty lil kid... Always felt sad and alone...
And now as an adult... I realize that those days were still better ...
Even if I didn't play any video games or much sports... I used to have a really amazing sleep... Those school cancellation days... Those school days... 
I used to laugh at people when they used to play - Ye Kagaz ki Kashti and start sobbing... Now I myself couldn't go through that whole song without jerking a tear
Fuck man. 
I wish I can tell every kid that don't compare your bachpan to others because in the end, it doesn't matter... Bachpan never comes back... Live it... Fuck. You will cherish this randi rona one day too.
Not a single option for just chicken, butter and bread. Spar are heretics and deserve to be blasted into the sun or Wuhan, whichever is worse. The god tier of CFR's.
Are bouncers allowed to search inside your underwear?
Asking for a friend. Very short answer is no. 
Longer answer : can’t be bothered to type it out without context. Did a bouncer actually search your “friends” pants and you want to know if that was ok?
@USER Whatttt? Noooo! He’s so adorable ? @USER IKR?!!!  ?‍♂️.
Hi if someone bought you Chick-fil-A would you eat it or throw it in the garbage? @USER I’d  eat the fries if I was hungry.
They aren't bright enough to get into IIts/IIMs !
So they go abroad where anyone with money can buy a seat. Maybe they aren't bright enought to get into IITs and IIMs, but surely they will get much better education there.
Spuds on a bus? 
Worst sequel ever. Getting roasted on the reviews.
I had heard rumblings that the Mars 2020 Rover has a T sensor provided by the UK Space Agency to analyse any potential flora. Nobody at NASA has yet worked out the T stands for Tea. I will donate the grass seed so we can get the dairy herds going for the necessary milk and clotted cream.
@USER Trump and GOP puppet master. @USER  @USER Evil desperate delusional little man.
@USER What is the sense of the job DeSantis is doing wrt hurricane recovery?  Does she have an opinion? @USER Honestly, he seems to be doing well there, to her, and even my, perspective. He’s not dumb and decent in a crisis. But, it’s his views and lies that got her.
They're trying to push a half-truth narrative that Gandhi and others welcomed Hindus and others from Pakistan (including Bangladesh which was then part of Pakistan) and that the the CAA is a step along that direction while conveniently ignoring the fact that Gandhi and co also welcomed everyone who wanted to come to India irrespective of religion. As of now we are very close on overtaking China in population figures, do we really need more people ?
@USER He'll be boldly staying put from now on. @USER  @USER Mission: to mopily go where no man has moped before.
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER I think he claimed he studied in Cambridge and Havard? Nothing we no go hear from Naanu!!
Just starting to get the feeling Junior doesn't rate Johnson Charles #AUSvWI. @USER Not sure if you heard but he ran out of gas.
My boyfriends arms. That’s really wholesome and sweet :).
Claims the US/West denied defense equipment to India seem unfair &amp; incomplete. All parties made choices. Price &amp; tech leakage were factors, as were political strategies. The USSR sought to foil Indian diversification to keep it on the hook &amp; Delhi sought to appease Moscow. A ?1/. @USER Do u even realise how much the sanctions by West have hurt. Yes it was a choice India made to go to ussr for arms cause it was being denied by the biggest supplier us, who incidently was the one arming our neighbour. Not only weapons but also technology was denied.
How they are still getting people on it is beyond me like there are only so many people in Ireland who would participate, HOW is it not the same people on it the whole time. The village pedophile a few towns over from me has been on it twice or 3 times now. Apparently he says he goes in and spends like €50 or more on scratchers every week and nearly always gets at least 1 winner. Then he waits until he has at least 10 winning cards and sends them all in at the one time to up his chances of getting on.
As a grown woman, why can’t I find pajama sets that don’t have some cunt of a Disney character on?!?? @USER For blokes it’s usually tartan of some kind.  I of course have stormtrooper PJs and a black dressing gown with the empire symbol and hood.  Need to find me some evil slippers, the sheep feet don’t really go.
>It was conservatively valued at about $330 million but would probably be  worth more if sold to a property developer. This could allow the ABC to  consider a more affordable location such as Parramatta in Greater  Sydney for its headquarters, the sources said.
We now know how big the next budget cut will be . . . And most of that gets spent setting to the new joint. Ingenious plan.
Your mother. Damn, you know her too?
#PUSHPA CLEAN SWEEP AT  @USER  . BEST ACTOR , BEST DIR , BEST MUSIC DIR , BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY , BEST MALE SINGER , BEST FEMALE SINGER &amp; BEST FILM . THANK YOU ALL . HUMBLED ?? @USER  @USER THaggedhele.
@USER I think you must be mistaken. NI are lagging behind terribly. Suella Braverman said so, and she's the nation's top lawyer and a cabinet minister, so she must be right, mustn't she? @USER  @USER No. Keep this in mind: whatever the tories say, the opposite is the truth!
They don't raise any emotion from me. Which may be worse than hating them. I remember they were on a show with Jack Dee. Jack Dee said "The only reason why people watch you is because it's the only time that two geordies are not having a punch up".
BREAKING NEWS!
Former NRL player Curtis Scott has been found GUILTY of three charges against his former partner, Tay-Leigha Clark.
Details to follow. @USER Back to bush footy.
Doesn't matter and it shouldn't matter, "loving" someone for money isn't actual love. Agreed. Just worried it may cause one to overlook someone or go with another option. If that makes sense.
Have you ever been roasted by your Bestfriend? @USER Every day.
Nationwide and open wide. Operation Transformation and menstruation masturbation.
Wow! Maureen Lipman on lbc states “the Queen’s death has United the country including the Corbynistas and people live in the real world”
What a classless comment. @USER Utter fantasy.
@USER Chilling on Twit, while recovering from 3 dental extractions. Call me Gummy. @USER Poor bugger,did you have to take out a lone. Ian.
Today, I am seven years sober. @USER Congratulations.
@USER Congratulations ??? @AshwiniMS_TNIE. @USER  @USER ಶುಭಾಶಯ.
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Bible study.
@USER Don't seems soo! @USER ??? I just have a little bit of crazy.
This week’s Dutton #Insiders bingo card to include the following words/phrases (have a drink for each one heard):
Aspirational
Stage 3 tax cuts 
Labor tax grab
Spiraling cost of living 
Union thugs 
ISIS fighters
National security 
People smugglers 
China
… other suggestions? @USER Love your work!
There is something off with the restaurant Arby’s. Do you personally know anyone who eats there? Yes.  They have the meats.
Finally! 
This must be the first time in many millennia that the Vatican punished a rapist with anything but reassignment. Can somebody confirm this? If so, it's huge.
The issue isn't housing, it's why the fuck does everyone want to live in Dublin!! Because you just CANNOT get a decent skinny frappa wappa cuppa cappa chineey weeeny once you pass the M50..........
Do join  @USER and me on  @USER at 9 am. On all matters EU and of course Northern Ireland. 

And to all remainers who feared so chlorinated chicken but now want a deal with the US: Northern Ireland’s place in the UK trumps your new found sensibilities. @USER  @USER  @USER Good news for the Protocol

- Divergence from EU standards to facilitate USA deal no longer required. Will soften impact of sea border. 
- UK now being able to provide live data will reduce lorry checks to 1 or 2 a day. 
- NI Protocol Bill therefore no longer required.
@USER gm! ?? @USER GB (good BRRRR) to you ser ??
Coffin. Haha.
Ask Congress leaders if they visited Statue of Unity; those who don't respect son of soil Sardar Patel should not have any place in Gujarat: PM Modi. @USER Those who support RSS don't need to visit statue of unity infact have no right to make such statues sardar Patel wanted RSS to be banned nehru ji ki galti RSS aaj zinda hai.
Black card and penalty? @USER Absolutely should  that I know it could’ve been a game changer Wexford injuries through the game cost them in the last 15 minutes ,Well done Clare no arguments.
Goodness me. They look outstanding. Please tell me there is lashinngs of gravy to dunk them in. Thank you!! Indeed there was :).
I am a germophobe and ATMs and shopping trolleys definitely make me uncomfortable. Then you don't want to think about bus and train poles, public bathroom doors/knobs (like Central station) and 711 hot dogs!
Post school every single day from 4 to 630 used to be cricket , badminton. After 6 30 pretend to study so parents don't get mad.


Cycling around parks with friends to see couples making out. 


Talk talk and fucking talk. Watch any movie, discuss each fav scene and have a laugh together. Watch something funny, discuss with friends and laugh again. 


Read Sportstar, reader's digest , tinkle , champak diligently everyweek. Save the favourite copies of Sportstar which have pictures of Anna kournikova , Marina Hingis and Steffi Graff for wank session later. Same with regional movie magazines . 


Explore. Go to every nook and corner of the city with the gang and do nothing . 6) Hindi comics (Doga, Dhruv, Nagraj) in circulation with friends for exchange
7) Every Sunday is for playing games and watch Movie on Doordarshan
8) VCR means overnight 3-4 movies with neighbourhood gang
9) Only real friends no virtual friends
10) when News means news and politics was ultra boring
11) when one friend has bike and whole gang use that.
Anyone ever fractured the wrist or surrounding area? If so when cast comes off is it proper weak and need physio? @USER Still banged up mate?? Fuck me I put my foot right in it tapping u on the head in coach when your jaw was done in aswell ??
Fucking hell how can you be that degenerate? And how do you have the money for multiple deliveroos per day? shit off, ugly.
@USER Loved it!!! #WerewolfByNight #ManThing. @USER So damn good.
#IndvsSA 3rd ODI New Delhi
The Sun is finally out The clouds have dispersed The chances of play brightens subject to condition of the pitch &amp; ground 
The empires will survey the ground &amp; the pitch at 1 PM to decide
Let's wait &amp; watch. #IndiavsSouthAfrica 3rd ODI New Delhi
Start of match has been delayed due to wet ground conditions Even toss has not taken place
Let's wait &amp; watch.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congrats and well done ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you flower shed.
1/ Enjoy our Devotional entitled, ‘PRAY MORE’. 2/ Daily Reading: Psalms 49-50; Acts 20:1-16.
TLDR:  senior positions and management get paid more. And are generally the most useless pricks out there, all talk and no action.
Masturbating. I think you got it all twisted here pal.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम.
@USER Pagliuca didn't suspect a thing... Ronnie Whelans shin is a poor relation. @USER Agreed. Houghton’s goal is just absolute perfection.
everyone from Lincoln simultaneously: 'Did you know the Cathedral was once the world's tallest building?' 
Source: from Lincoln. I love the board in the Cathedral with the various incarnations of the Cathedral over the years. "That one burned down, fell over and then sank into the swamp, but this one stayed up!" (until the spire fell off).
@USER Dopeneess ? @USER Cheers mate! Good to hear from ya ???
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER So hard to choose…….let’s do both!
@USER  @USER Flop avesh khan still in playing 11 !! Should be dropped. @USER  @USER  @USER Agar Harshal fluke bowler wc me select ho sakta he to avesh series me kyu nahi khel sakta.
@USER My beloved Mayo ?❤️. @USER It was pretty stunning today.
Gotta commit to the lie. 
Youngish (25-30) guy, what I think is his mum and a mate come to door. Main guy p1 is up first. 
After ID checks etc 
B1 “I need to do a quick search if that’s ok before I can get you in here”
P1 “yea of course, go ahead”
B1 direct to the little pocket you get on jeans. And pull out a bag of again cocaine. 
P1 just stares at me blankly and then asks “ok am I ok to go in then?”
B1 “no sorry mate you’re in possession of drugs you’re not coming in here”
P1 “ohh that’s not mine”
B1 “who’s is it”
P1 “I don’t know” 
P2 and P3 look on in astonishment. Obviously unaware this guy does coke.
To spare you from an Inane back and forth that followed this as he was 100% adamant it wasn’t his, he don’t know how it got there. (I did confirm they were indeed his trousers just in case) still staring blankly. B2 and B3 are dying with laughter as it’s beyond silly now but he’s so committed to the lie it’s almost admirable. 
Eventually his mum got his arm and dragged him off up the road. This is my favourite.
We are in Melbourne and nothing has changed at all. Went to Woolies today, no dramas. ??‍♀️. I just got back from our Coles in Melbourne and in the space of 24 hours:
-toilet paper gone
-pasta almost gone
-UHT milk gone
-tinned fruit low
-flour very low
-rice almost gone
-instant noodles almost gone
-muesli and cereals noticeably low
-almost all the big tins of tuna gone.
@USER  @USER YAY! This makes me so happy ❤️. @USER  @USER Jody is amazing (as you know). Equally amazing is her work training teams of clinicians and educators to build their capacity for human-centered and healing-centered work. #inspired.
Why the heck do people even do engineering from a 3rd tier college lmao? What else do you suggest them to do?
No, I will not give into the desire to mock a has been with negative opinions about current Star Trek, but I really do wonder what someone’s life is like when they spend it barfing gatekeeping nonsense on the internet. @USER He is literally the Fox News of fandom &amp; the person *most* in need of being quoted lines like —

SPOCK: “Are we so old that we have outlived our usefulness?”

&amp;

KIRK: “Come now, Mr. Scott. Young minds, fresh ideas. We must be tolerant!”

— if only he could grasp their meaning.
Had my Autumn covid booster this morning and thought I’d got away without any issues. Fast forward 12 hours and I can barely move my arm ??‍♀️. Had the worst night. Finally fell to sleep around 6am ?, it’s really knocked me about again, and there was me getting cocky.
When the rental contract ends, it means it is the end of the contract. That’s enough reason.
Also, Susan is clearly an idiot: “Susan Furner paid to paint her rental unit”. Or rather “Susan Furner paid to paint her rental unit without securing an extended lease to offset her costs”.
?Good Morning Friends??‍♀️Welcome to Thursday/Friday Eve?Today is all about preparation⚠️It’s “International Day For Natural Disaster Reduction”???With climate change turning extreme weather into more deadly disasters, it’s vital to prepare for the worst‼️. @USER Good morning Irma, happy Thursday have a great day.?☕️??☕️☕️.
@USER  @USER He is trying a Remake, behna 
Original is #BharatJodoYatra. @USER  @USER  @USER This not a security risk but being in the middle of a flyover in Punjab , surrounded by commandos is?
@USER I'm older than you Joel and no!!! Life is always changing and sometimes the best plan is no plan...see where life takes you. @USER Thanks Debs ?
How long has this whole dress g up for book day been around for? I’m 33, and honestly can’t remember doing this back in school. (If we did, I’ve managed to completely erase it from memory ). As a 32 year old, the school would give us a £1 book token, and had a load of books we could buy for a quid.
I didn’t actually learn to read until I was 13, so even then it would have been better if they concentrated on the basics, rather than gimmicks, but what do I know, at primary school I was always called ‘dim’.
Top of the risk mgt morn. @USER Morning.
Maintain eye contact and keep going. and nice slow, steady strokes.
I am just going to fap as many times as I can and then go to sleeeeeep. Yeh superpower mujhe bhi chahiye.
@USER You obviously have an amazing daughter⭐️. @USER 2 suns and 3 daughters… all great Christina!
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER A cheat snd a thug.
Does anyone know how much money you have to have in your account for the UK Ancestry Visa these days? 

(The internet says all sorts of different things. When I last got mine it was $5K.). @USER When I applied for mine in 2006 it was just given and stamped in my passport and returned in like 72 hours. I thought ancestry was ancestry not a money privilege minimum.
they crawl around when no one is looking and link up with other boogers until a massive booger monster is created and he lurks around in the sewers. This is magnificent, I wish I had an award to give.
What you want to see inside a concrete jungle ?  Go to Shimla for some fresh air ! True that, that's what my opinion was when i visited the first time but wanted to give it another try so posted here...
Guys with moobs - please at least consider a light vest in this weather rather than getting your big knockers out, thank you. @USER Jesus what a horrible person you are.
Do you live in the 1950s? This made me chuckle.
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Cars.
@USER  @USER I just saw them in MN and they didn't play it :(. @USER  @USER They came to Chicago around Christmas last year and rocked a small venue with it. I just wanna hear it again! How was the show in Minnesota?
@USER Hpy b,day ? @USER Thank you ?
Buses simply not showing up. Happened to me probably 8 times in a year where I’m late for a lecture or just anything really because a fucking bus decided to disappear.... legit happened to me today so needless to say the wound is still fresh :(. the best is when the sign says it'll be there in 2 minutes and then suddenly switches to 6.
Is there an unemployed area? The north.
I’m feeling pretty down today ?? @USER Are you ok.
@USER Celtics dik riders incoming

Real rankings:
BI
JB
MIDdleton
DeFrozen. @USER  @USER nah u right , BI took a big step last season.
Bitch please, everyone knows it's Bernie Sanders that is triggering riots. Naaah, its Nehru.
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Pepe LaPew.
Not to speak of the annoying/unprofessional service delivery. Staff bringing people in from the queue. Rowdy lobby, unorganised people. I’m really pissed. @USER  @USER this information about your service isn't cool o.
Would it have hurt him much to just say this in October? He has managed to Streisand effect something that not many people would have given a shit about. He needs a distraction from sports rorts based on senate estimates last night.
I haven’t been paying attention to the news. Right on. Stay away from it. Nothing good comes out of it.
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. Wow!
@USER Many thanks Lorraine. @USER I forgot to mention that it was an MSc in Dementia care that you graduated with  ?
Apparently I went to the only school in the country that never served these. However:
> Turkey Twizzlers contained just 34% turkey; bulked up with water, pork fat, rusk, and coating, and loaded with additives, sweeteners, and flavourings. They were found to be made up of 21.2% fat when cooked
Mmmm, I'll give em a miss. Nah we never had them either. Had never even heard of them before pukka pants got on his high horse.
That Diana Ross and Smokey Robinson are Michael Jackson's actual parents. That's why he was the talent in the Jackson family and why there were rumors that he was Evan Ross's father (they both look like Diana). Smokey would've been 18 and Diana 14 years old when Michael was born so Berry Gordy arranged to have the kid given to his old boxing buddy and fellow musician from Chicago, Joe Jackson, who he would fund leading to the formation of the Jackson 5. Joe had a big family where Michael would get everything he needs while training him to be an entertainer and Motown could protect their image by taking the child out of the picture.
It turns out the kid is a talent and as we all know the Jackson 5 make it to Motown, but even before that there were several documented instances of Diana Ross in Gary, Indiana such as at the school talent show where the Jackson 5 performed. She has said multiple times on live television that Michael is her baby/child, says she's doing it all for him, and joked about him playing her son in a future movie. She has also said publically she was in love with Smokey Robinson growing up, living on the same street as him in Detroit, which is odd because he had a girlfriend during that time who he later married. Diana also changed high schools around the time Michael was conceived (when she would have gotten pregnant). She was going to Cass-Tech to study home economics and Smokey also enrolled in an engineering college around this time, because they were soon to be parents and Motown hadn't broke big yet. A decade later the Jackson 5 auditioned for Motown in Detroit, then did a second performance at a Motown get-together at Berry's house, and Michael has stated that at that point Diana told them she wanted to take special interest in their career.
There's a movie called Double Platinum which stars Diana Ross and is about how she gave up her kid for her career and later reveals to the kid she's her mother when she sees that the kid has talent, then goes on to help her with her career which would parallel the real life story with Michael. Her daughter in the movie also wears a dress that has the same design as the shirt Michael wore for Billie Jean at Motown 25. It's written by Michael in his autobiography Moonwalk that he and the Jacksons lived with Diana Ross in Hollywood Hills when the Jackson 5 first signed to Motown and moved to LA, and her and Michael used to go out almost every day, just the two of them. This would have been when Diana Ross revealed to Michael she's his mom, he would've been about 10 years old and that's why he became quiet and shy from then on. (This wouldn't be her only time doing this, when she had a daughter with Berry Gordy she didn't tell her who her father was until she was 13.) Smokey Robinson also stated when he was leaving the Larry King interview shortly after Michael passed away that one of his fondest memories of Michael was when he used to go golfing at the age of 10 or 11 with him and Bobby Taylor, who is said to have discovered the Jackson 5 even though their first album at Motown was presented by Diana Ross. 
This was also what Michael meant in the song Billie Jean when "this happened much too soon, she called me to her room". Diana was the one who said "I am the one, but the kid is not my son". She meant I am your mother but you're not my son, you're a Jackson now. Diana Ross is Billie Jean (Diana plays a character called Billie Holiday in 'Lady Sings the Blues' which came out a few years before 'The Wiz' with MJ). This is also what the song Dirty Diana is about, it's about Diana Ross the groupie who seduces Smokey Robinson, who she grew up on the same street as, conceiving Michael. Then there's the song Who Is It which is about a mystery person who abandoned Michael, and in the music video he holds a card that says 'Diana'. The song Wanna Be Startin' Somethin' also talks about how "if you can't feed your baby, then don't have a baby" and again refers to the mystery Billie Jean character. He references Ain't No Mountain High Enough in the song Leave Me Alone and says "Don't you come walkin' beggin' back, mama". He also references Ain't No Mountain High Enough in the songs Baby Be Mine, Speechless, and Keep The Faith. This is all also why you see a weird sexual dynamic between Michael Jackson and Diana Ross but you will never actually see a picture or video of them making out.
Recently a video surfaced of Diana Ross singing You Are Not Alone to Katherine Jackson; just like how she probably used to sing Ain't No Mountain High Enough to Michael when he was living with her. This is seen in the aforementioned movie Double Platinum as well, Diana sings her lost daughter to sleep with a famous song. And in TMZ's video "The Last Time We Saw Joe Jackson" an old senile Joe says "I raised Michael, he's my son and Quincy Jones knows better. I don't talk about it, no way." He's defending the supposed fact that Michael is his son for a seemingly unknown reason, and even in past interviews he always emphasized "he's a JACKSON". After MJ's death, Joe when interviewed said he was doing great, meanwhile Smokey Robinson went on the Larry King show and praised MJ as an artist.
This theory explains why Michael not only looks like Diana Ross and has the same features and eyes as her, but also explains why his facial structure looks like Smokey's & their profiles and ears are completely identical, and why he was a musical prodigy who had the stage presence and songwriting abilities of his real parents (Diana, Smokey & Michael are the only three musicians besides the Beatles who have two stars each on the Hollywood Walk of Fame - one for being a member of their original groups and one to celebrate their success as a solo artist), as well as having a very soft voice which both Smokey and Diana (and Evan Ross!) have in common. Here you can see how much different his eyes looked from his brothers and how much they look like Ross eyes. Now you can see why his personality developed the way it did. It's why he acted like an orphan and called himself Peter Pan and built Neverland to help disadvantaged kids, why he isolated himself from his family and could never manage to have a normal relationship with women. It absolutely explains why he had such a severe identity crisis. And it explains why Diana Ross is second to Katherine Jackson in his will regarding who would take care of his children, and why Joe Jackson has been known to dislike Diana Ross. At Michael Jackson's public memorial the first person that comes out is Smokey Robinson reading a letter from Diana Ross, who writes that she's mourning so hard that she cannot attend the memorial and that Michael was "part of the fabric of her life". When Smokey speaks about MJ later he calls him his little brother, which would imply blood relative. In the movie Hitsville USA: The Making of Motown, Berry Gordy jokes with Smokey about how some of the babies that the groupies were having were his & that MJ reminded him of a little Smokey. Also, the movie An American Dream was about the Jackson 5 and would've been propaganda to reinforce the coverup story. 
So, it wasn't that Michael was ever trying to look like Diana Ross like people thought, he was actually displaying features and mannerisms that he INHERITED from her. In one of the clips below she says he has the same features, skin tone, and bone structure as her. Now you might say well Janet looks a lot like MJ, but growing up in his shadow she adopted many of his mannerisms and used makeup and plastic surgery to replicate his appearance (like Latoya did) but their vanity was merely deception. Joe and Berry branded and marketed the Jacksons a certain way to make Michael seem related, such as with the matching outfits and afros, but if you look at their features it's clear the only similarity to Michael is the way they smile (a learned trait). MJ has much more defined features and is rail thin like Diana Ross, and his nose & chin match Smokey's. Now it's clear why Joe told him he had a fat nose and singled him out so much with the abuse.
MJ does a photoshoot with Katherine, Joe, Diana, and Smokey
Diana Ross calls MJ her child, says she's doing it all for him (skip to 15:56)
Diana Ross jokes about Michael Jackson playing her son in a movie (the intro downplays her role in starting his career, an important part of the coverup)
Diana Ross confesses her relationship with Smokey Robinson, which would have been when MJ was conceived and when Smokey was dating Claudette (skip to 8:40)
Diana Ross jokes about her and MJ having the same facial features and bone structure, "he could be part of my family"
Diana Ross calls Michael Jackson her baby
Smokey Robinson recounts how MJ used to go golfing with him and Bobby Taylor as a kid
Evan Ross says MJ was like a brother to him and that Diana was a mother figure to Michael
Joe Jackson defends the fact that Michael is his son when confronted by paparazzi
Smokey Robinson reads Diana Ross's letter at the beginning of Michael Jackson's memorial
This theory is from a YouTube channel called An American Scheme. I also created a subreddit with further info on the topic called r/AnAmericanScheme. Totally got sucked down the rabbit hole on this.
Its a lot cheaper to deport them than to keep them in jail... They get deported after they do the time for their crime.
Which defeats the purpose of jail, because if theyve paid their debt to society then they should be welcomed back.
@USER OMG ????? @USER Hahahaha my reaction everytime!
Political parties should never be tied so closely with religion. BJP should never have been a hindu party . All this bullshit would have never happened. Fuck religion for causing so much hate in this world. You guys missing the point BJP is a party which creates communal violence like this and will gain benefit.
What sort of screening did they do? Blood tests?
There is no screening happening on flights to/from Ireland. The focus is currently on ensuring travellers are informed and having people self-report concerns. Probably an ocular patdown.
A nicely brewed Yorkshire tea !! That sentence contains a logical contradiction.
All the metal musicians I know, both locally and abroad are all really chilled non-judgmental types who just want to grind out some hardcore sounds. We expend our rage through music. Try being angry after practicing Reign in Blood on drums for 2 hours.
The tv series Limitless was really enjoyable although most people didn’t bother watching it. What was it about?
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? I'm gonna tell you what I told my other bhakt friends. You want conservative politics and care about a specific religion? Go ahead. I don't give a fuck. But is that all you are doing? Or are you(and BJP) spreading hate, discrimination and advocating for your group  over/at the expense of another? There is a difference between the two.
@USER that is a very very sweet paintjob, mate! @USER Thanks, that means a bunch coming from you!
@USER That depends on the way one interacts with the other, right? Besides, a person behavior depends on the context. One me be arrogant online, but may be a timid person in real life. One may be arrogant with their acquaintances, but may be a sweetheart to their friends and family. @USER You have explained this very well. In fact, many people look at our  image and judge everything, but in real life, not everything is like that.
When the rental contract ends, it means it is the end of the contract. That’s enough reason.
Also, Susan is clearly an idiot: “Susan Furner paid to paint her rental unit”. Or rather “Susan Furner paid to paint her rental unit without securing an extended lease to offset her costs”.
@USER HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH. @USER Hahahahaah.
मुझको बारिश पसंद है...?️

और तुमको..? ? @USER Mujhe tum.
@USER Nope! Retraining at 39. All the best! @USER Thank you so much ?
Don't go near them, they are really dangerous!
source - am dangerous bird expert :). > am dangerous bird expert
As in...an expert on dangerous birds, or a bird expert who is dangerous?
I know a few people who are acting like it is doomsday stocking up on everything.
I know several people that don't give a shit.
I know some people that are just avoiding crowds/sick people/using common sense and washing their damn hands.
Honestly, if you didn't give a shit about flu season for the past two decades, why are you acting so scared or proactive around covid virus? Based on the WHO report yesterday, of people who have contracted Convid 20% require hospitalisation (5% require artificial respiration & 15% require only concentrated oxygen). If it spreads our hospital system isn't going to be able to cope.
"Severe cases are defined as tachypnoea (≧30 breaths/ min) or oxygen saturation ≤93% at rest, or PaO2/FIO2 <300 mmHg. Critical cases are defined as respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation, shock or other organ failure that requires intensive care. About a quarter of severe and critical cases require mechanical ventilation while the remaining 75% require only oxygen supplementation. "
And from page 12:
"Approximately 80% of laboratory confirmed patients have had mild to moderate disease, which includes non-pneumonia and pneumonia cases, 13.8% have severe disease (dyspnea, respiratory frequency ≥30/minute, blood oxygen saturation ≤93%, PaO2/FiO2 ratio <_300 and or lung infiltrates>50% of the lung field within 24-48 hours) and 6.1% are critical (respiratory failure, septic shock, and/or multiple organ dysfunction/failure)."</_300>.
First you have to figure out.... how much ground could a groundhog hog if a groundhog could hog ground. 42 grounds thats all.
Will travel to Australia via Singapore for about a week in mid April. Anything to worry about? Would suggest avoiding Singapore as of now. Not too sure how it would be in April though.
@USER Did you manage to beat the number 6 and keep your foot going in the same direction? @USER No, I thought I had it at first, but  I tried again, and my foot went the other direction! ?
@USER  @USER  @USER My energy bill has gone up with British gas from £68 to £242 how is this possible please advice. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It hasnt your dd has not the same .Dont do it .
This surely should be a variable electronic sign. That would make so much sense.
@USER Racist Traitor. @USER  @USER Come on then, Laura seeing you and your fascist ilk have done nothing for the veterans, for the last decade, why the false interest now?
The more you see it, the more you realise that the ordinary citizen thirsts for a more inclusive and humane India. This is why the #BharatJodoayatra is gaining more traction by the day. @USER People those who feel bharat is broken, do #BharatJodoYatra ? . Isn't not Shame on #congressitoolkit and #RG . If it would have led by Proposed presidential candidate or current president makes sense. Let thim.first stick to one constituency for the betterment of locals.
At their peak who was/is the best? @USER Pat fuckin edderry
He could get a rocking horse up on the line in listed company.
Where did Gordon the gopher live? In the same closet as Philip Schofield.
Are these surgical mask you're talking about or P2 masks?
I do the ordering for our faculty which needs masks and P2 masks are non existent to order, it's a nightmare. We have plenty of surgical masks in stock so I'd hate for those to be hard to get when I re order  them. surgical masks. we have always have our p2 locked away.
Has no one mentioned Epstein? It’s like the one conspiracy theory I can think of that is probably thought to be true by the majority of all normal people
Edit: thank you all of reddit for telling me that I missed the previous comments like mine. Its not even a theory anymore, its basically accepted as fact by anyone who has at least two brain cells and no vested interest in defending him.
@USER Hi Karan! I am here to help you. I’ve made a note of your concern. Our team will get in touch with you shortly - Priyanshu. @USER Any details you need ?
As an american dealing with the cheeto, is the Irish president generally well supported? It's easy to be a well liked President in Ireland, as the role is mainly ceremonial. That said, Michael D is particularly well liked. To the point where the entire country refers to him by his first name out of affection. 
The Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar is the one most equivalent to the US president. He's not well liked, and recently lost a general election. They're trying to form a new government as we speak, but basically he and his party were voted out.
Please tell me that's photo-shopped. It's photoshopped.
This is literally just click bait, I mean look at that title, its an article just to make people angry.
I mean, we have embassy's of Saudi Arabia, Iran, Afghanistan ect, all of which execute people for being gay. Why are we not outraged at them? Many, many other countries also imprison gays and we still have ties with them. What about countries accused of war crimes and genocide? 
The only thing in this article that makes it any different is that a well known highly disliked conservative Australian has helped in the process of setting it up. The embassies you listed are acknowledged by DFAT as official embassies but the acceptance of an embassy isn't a sanction of that nations conduct by any government anyway. This "consulate" is not recognised by DFAT and is self designated. Notice that the premier or any ministers of the government aren't present. The consulate will be nothing more than a phone number and a part time receptionist and given Barundi's importance and relevance, I doubt there will be much for them to do.
Alakazam. He is just perfect. If only he had better defense.
@USER gand fatati h bhai koi sunny bola toh..Chennai things. @USER Chennai ka hoga but yaha 4 din baad Suraj nikla hai ?
Be the hokey!

Roman Dolidze is ruthless. #UFCAustin. Wonder how much that clash of heads affected that fight. Even still, great performance by Dolidze.
Is it done by eye, weight, scoops or just to the fill line in a certain box/container? In the UK if you market it as an "80 piece" they can and will get in trouble if they supply the weights and measure inspector with less. But the inspections aren't that common and the "trouble" isn't that bad but, it does exist.
I really don't get the toilet paper thing. Buying an extra pack or 2? Sure.
But entire fucking trolleys? What do these cunts eat and how long do they expect lock downs to last?
Don't most people already have a week's worth at the minimum anyway? Perhaps they assume that one of the symptoms is shitting. Certainly had flu go that way in the past.
Queen or Prince? @USER Prince edged out Freddie.
Breakeven Thakuva peti vunte bagundedhi kadha ? #godfather ante budget koda baga control chesukoni. @USER Bro Godfather own release.
@USER Lovely. @USER Thank you Leila. None of it is my work! ??
I burst out laughing when a distant relative told me that her newborn daughter was called Tinkerbell. I thought she was joking, she wasn't. Poor kid. See! I have a 1 year old and I would be doing exactly this daily if I didn't have my few deep breaths before meeting every baby.
Chunky or Smooth Peanutbutter? @USER Both. Just as long as it’s Laurel Scudder’s All Natural.
Water and Mio drink mix. No sugar, plus you're drinking water. Interesting have you tried this?
@USER Kabhi kabhi toh lagta hain apun hi bhagwan hain jo baarish karata hain. ?
Was in Malda for a week, everyday it rained. Came back today at Eastern part of Calcutta, it’s raining since morning ? @USER Where is it raining? ?
@USER Massively uneducated boy. Beyond brainless. @USER But, but but, he has a LAW DEGREE!!!
???
Susannah Wise -  URL 
If you take a screen shot of a persons face and use Bing image search it can usually tell you who it is. I completely forgot I could do that; would've saved me hours of headache! ? Also: Thank you!
@USER Only if I run out of toilet paper. @USER  @USER Trouble there is that the paper is already full of shit.
1)Get your dream recall up. This is the hardest part. You have to realize you’re dreaming so to do that you need to find Dream signs, common dream themes for you, etc. 
You can do this by keeping a dream journal. 
Also practice all day awareness. Ask yourself randomly if you’re dreaming throughout the day and perform dream checks. There are lots. The easiest and most discreet are the index finger through the palm (in dreams it goes through) and holding your nose and breathing which allows breathing in dreams. 
2) Practice different techniques. 
DILD-Dream induced. This one is the easiest but less reliable. By this point you should know some Dream signs (electronics malfunction, lights don’t work, words in books are strange, your mirrors reflection) and you just notice you’re dreaming. 
WILD- Probably the most reliable, but many people report Sleep paralysis with it.  It’s a wake induced LD. Essentially you time your sleep cycle just right and try to enter during REM or closer to it. 
There are others too FILD- Finger induced, DEILD- dream exit induced. There’s tons but those are probably the most common. 
3). You’re lucid!  But you’ll probably find the dream world instantly disappears or spins or you wake up (also look up false awakenings, those are fun). To do this you need to learn stabilization. 
So calm down and slowly spin around. This stabilized the dream for most people. Another one is to rub your hands together slowly. 
Think that’s about the basics. Don’t buy anything like masks.  They don’t work. Supplements have different effects for everyone. Melatonin helps me recognize my dreams but just because it makes them so vivid. How do you feel when you are having a lucid dream? I want to experiment it but I'm also scared of it.
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. Wow!
@USER Three days now with cluster headache, no energy and see so much to be done but f.uck it, we have to look after ourselves xx. @USER Take care. A dose of a thing.
@USER Pretty sure that the first word is 'Brit.' - presumably 'British'. Working on the other word... @USER Ha! Couldn’t be easier - it’s ‘Brit. Mag’ ie The British Magazine.
Looks like a lacewing, nothing to be worried about.
 URL. Quite the beneficial insect, too- often sold in garden stores.
&#x200B;
Much better to use a heap of these guys than spraying poisons around.
11 GOP AGs just asked 11th Cir. to side w/Trump &amp; Cannon over DOJ — not by arguing law or facts but by saying Biden’s gov’t dsn’t deserve the usual deference due Executive, just as Cannon said Trump deserves better treatment than other people! So much for equality before the law. @USER Don't forget to mention that several former AGs have submitted an amicus brief to the appellate court in favor of the government, and Judge Deary's remarks will probably hold some sway.
be prepared to be called a Hindu Apologist, a leftish libtard and a weak, beta fiberal. Hahaha, I've been called all three in this thread itself. It's absurd, I thought denouncing those who rape, murder and pillage would unite people rather than have them insult me.
Story? I really want to use this one more when I run into people haha.
@USER er, if that's a wild fox, that's so abnormal that you should be concerned and cautious.  it may be ill, as in  . . . rabies . . .. @USER No rabies in the uk, fortunately. It looked healthy. They’re just scavengers and came in to have a look round.
Horses is a fucking garbage song, when did it become a cultural touchstone because I thought it was shithouse back in the 90s too. I wasn't a fan when it came out either.
From  what I've heard, it was so shit the clubs started to use it as a last song of the night. To get people to fuck off home! Of course, everyone's happy and pissed so it became tied in with that feeling and now there's a generation that think it's awesome.
Idiots.
Talking to NPCs (acquaintances). As an introvert i can agree with this.
@USER 90% growth in tractors segment compared to 2019. Rural economy bouncing back? @USER  @USER Unfortunately 50% of tractors  endup at construction sites or as garbage pickup.
We got concessions on not having to join any EU army and that's why Lisbon 2 referendum existed. Thanks.
Here's an article with more information:  URL 
>“As noted by the conservation officer, the polychromatic geometrical design has a resonance with the late Victorian architecture which is the predominant character of this part of the city centre conservation area and is considered to be an enhancement of the conservation area setting.”. > polychromatic geometrical design has a resonance with the late Victorian architecture 
Ahh yes, the classic Victorian aesthetic of Duplo.
@USER  @USER  @USER I very much hope for a signed copy. @USER  @USER  @USER Buy one and happy to do so !
Fidel Castro being Canadian PM Justin Trudeau's father.
The resemblance really is uncanny (he looks nothing like his supposed biological father) and when you see that the dates his mom was staying with the Castros in Cuba, everything really does line up.  She also had numerous affairs rumors with people like Mick Jagger while she was married.  She really had a history of getting around and partying at places like Studio 54, etc. Apparently the timelines don't match at all. His mother didn't meet him until after Trudeau was born. The rebuttal I saw also had pictures of young Pierre Trudeau to Justin Trudeau and they're similar.
Tinder - People are mostly looking for casual relationships and are very out there about wanting to hookup. Because of how famous it is, it attracts all sorts of crowd. Personally I thought it had a creepy vibe.... more scope of getting pervy messages. I would be a little careful here.
Hinge - Hinge is the most favored one, the crowd is fairly decent. The platform itself encourages open discussions and keeps the conversation fun and engaging. Men on hinge are better at conversations and it has less creepy vibe. Though they are good I didn't find many guys who were looking for "marriage" they were open to dating, meeting and taking it from there. Hinge felt like a safe space to talk to cute guys and work on your dating skills, and you do end up meeting cool people.
Matrimony sites - Shaadi.com involves creating an extensive profile with lots of details. It allows you to restrict your search related to caste, religion, veg - non veg, smoking drinking etc. The agenda is very clear so everyone on that site knows they are looking for a life partner... conversations are more honest and open... Though there will be lots of people who will reach out to you , dont be surprised if some guy's mom or brother reach out. Have clear boundaries about how much you want to engage, and set the expectations from the get go. There are some good guys there, but you gotta keep looking!
Overall - Have an open attitude, meet people , talk to them and be safe! There's a ton of useful info in your post! Thank you so much!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You should just bring a sleeping bag and camp there! ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I’m waiting for life membership!
Seriously what is a pasta tea bag? You know what they are.
For the privileged, acknowledging that things are hard and speaking up about it is easy. This can be an example of how they cultivate hope.

However, the same cannot be said of those at the margins of society who may simply pacify their adversity and oppression.

(read on) 2/4. For those at the margins of society, cultivating hope can be done through pathways (e.g., religion, family) that sustain hope. They cannot speak up like the other group because they don’t have a voice. Even when they do it may not matter! 

(One more tweet) 3/4.
I'm bald bitch. Is that the new. Bitch I'm madonna?
@USER Your complaint no. is PWD/2022/10/324946. @USER Update pls.
I'm pretty sure unless one of the workers putting it on the shelf has the virus, and you then touch a product that was contaminated you may get it, as your not gonna get it from the food travelling from Italy and/or China?
I hope. Ah no. I didn’t mean that you’d catch something by buying one of these. Just funny.
@USER  @USER He just makes me happy ? @USER  @USER Beautiful voice ❤️❤️❤️.
AAP is 45% owned by News Corp. Its articles appear throughout the press, including the ABC and The Guardian. The sooner it dies the better.
e: Fair points. It would be better if News Corp sells it stake in AAP. It already has way too much influence in Australian media. In the current landscape I doubt its departure would be a positive.  The division of ownership between competing parties has kept the wire service content pretty straight down the line and the soft content isn’t of any profile.
The photography aspect will be a big blow, particularly in the age of web and social media news, and it will accelerate the demise of newsrooms that are barely holding on as it is.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER Now that is really cool!!!  Thanks for sharing that.
All these people who start feeling dizzy, nauseous after 30 kms of car ride with or without AC should be considered as weaker section human civilization and be barred from travelling. Kick them out.
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Rocky&amp;Bullwinkle.
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER Impossible, may be he felt on something but can’t decide.
Horses is a fucking garbage song, when did it become a cultural touchstone because I thought it was shithouse back in the 90s too. Horses needs to be taken out to the back paddock and shot.
@USER This is such a bad idea. I can't think of a worse thing to go right there. @USER It will either have to have a tight parking garage as its base or…?? But yea it’s also gonna stick out like a sore thumb. But I guess the realty bros see a future where NG is just a bunch of high rise apartments. ?
To All The Wonderful People Out There,

I am Looking for an opportunity in a Learning and Development entity.

I am a highly motivated and progress-focused Manager, Learning &amp; Development with a long-standing
background in this industry. With a track record of initiative and. dependability, I have devised strategic
initiatives which I believe will prove valuable.

Throughout the course of my career, I have perfected my training program improvement and curriculum
implementation abilities.
A lot of people are saying this is good without any real understanding of what's going on here. We shouldn't be so naive as to think that the lower the better because war is bad.
First of all, defence forces aren't just for fighting other militaries. They're responsible for a wide variety of tasks. They're the last line of defence in cases of armed violence. That has a few different meanings, but one of the main ones is terrorism.
Obviously Islamic terrorism has never been a problem here, but Northern Ireland has had more terrorist attacks than any other region in Europe. The defence forces are the main reason why that violence didn't spill across the border. They were posted along the border in strength and had to repel multiple attempts by the IRA to set up on our side of the border.
Also, in times of emergency, be it from extreme weather or pandemics, the defence forces can also be deployed to fulfil a broad range of roles.
They also fill in for emergency services when people such as prison guards or paramedics go on strike.
And lastly, they're generally regarded as among the best peacekeepers in the world. Ireland is a country that punches above our weight in terms of soft power and our commitment to peacekeeping is a huge part of that. The value of the soft power from peacekeeping vastly outweighs its costs.
These are all essential services that we all take for granted. However, with expenditure at 0.3% of GDP, the defence forces are critically underfunded, which has left them in a crisis. Members are not getting fair pay and they're struggling to carry out their duties. With extreme weather and covid19 on our doorstep, we may find that the defence forces are not in the position to fulfil their emergency roles.
We can still have among the lowest expenditure in the EU and increase funding to ease all of these problems. Nobody gives a fuck about Irish peacekeeping except for our local military fetishists. If your only argument for Ireland having an army is that they can back up front line civil services in an emergency then its already over. Just expand the civil defence and let the guards deal with the IRA as they have done fairly successfully since the beginning of the state.
The only real reason to have an army is to wage war, and ireland would need at least 20 times the current army to survive a determined invasion by any realistic OPFOR for more than a few days, so why bother? A standing army in Ireland just makes it easier for the (non-existant) invasion force to kill our men. 
&#x200B;
Do an Iceland and get rid of it all I'd say, keep a few tanks and guns around for the children and the re-eanctors to ooh and ah over.
Give it the sniff test, people really underestimate the accuracy of it. Also works well on first dates.
Oh DAMN. #WerewolfByNight was a LOT of fun and had a VERY big surprise for comic fans.

Watch it before it's spoiled for you. I need a Werewolf by Night special every year please Mr  @USER ??️?
@USER  @USER YAY! This makes me so happy ❤️. @USER  @USER Jody is amazing (as you know). Equally amazing is her work training teams of clinicians and educators to build their capacity for human-centered and healing-centered work. #inspired.
વડોદરાના સલાટવાડા વિસ્તારમાં રખડતા ઢોરે ગર્ભવતી મહિલાને અડફેટે લેતા ગર્ભમાં રહેલા બાળકનું મૃત્યુ, મનપાએ ઢોર માલિક સમજતા નથી એમ કહીને હાથ ઉંચા કર્યા

#Vadodara. @USER તાત્કાલિક પગલાં લેવા જોઈએ  @USER અને  @USER જેઓ એ રખડતાં ઢોરનો કાયદો દિવાળી સુધી લંબાવ્યો છે એટલે જ આ ઘટના થઈ છે તો એમને જેલ થવી જોઈએ.
A Day In The Life or Baba O’ Riley? @USER A Day in the Life.
Our old neighbour used to have a Nissan skyline he used to rev the shit out of between 5am and 6.30am every damn day. I thought it would stop when he swapped it for a land rover discovery 3 but nope. He would rev the shit out of that too and then leave it to "warm up". Where he parked used to be more or less directly under my bedroom window. He was such a wanker. So glad we moved. I don't understand why people can be so selfish.
@USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations! What a fab project! @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Tracy! ??
@USER Question regarding the Norman teacher that remains unanswered.  Was she or was she not removed from her class that day?  That’s the real ask. @USER And you’re taking the press release from Norman Public Schools as factual to say she was fired for making political statements rather than sharing the book code.  The school took a lot of bad press and it appears they are trying hard to rewrite the narrative.
@USER जन्मदिन की हार्दिक बधाई, मैम. @USER Thank you so much?
Wow - Well done, Stormers! #URCFinal  ?? @USER Wow - Well done South Africa for showing us some all attacking exciting rugby. Great game and well done the Stormers, had you wrote off at halftime?
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER I think he claimed he studied in Cambridge and Havard? Nothing we no go hear from Naanu!!
@USER Ok I will buy for u eventually. @USER  @USER i bought a black crewneck like a few days ago W.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. It wouldn’t be difficult to program this into the program, so you’re likely correct. Google probably figures they don’t want to ask you right after they did a bad job.
ଦୁର୍ନୀତି ମୁକ୍ତ ସମାଜ ଲଢ଼େଇ ପାଇଁ ସେ ଚିରସ୍ମରଣୀୟ ରହିବେ।?

Paying homage to eminent freedom fighter, Bharat Ratna #LokNayak #JayaprakashNarayan on his birth anniversary. The socialist leader will always be remembered for his relentless fight for social justice, ...2. corruption free society &amp; democratic values.?
Reptiles. ?
Most supermarkets are out of sync as the storms messed up supply chains and deliveries. Supermarkets don't have warehouse space to put too much stuff 'in the back', so when 4deliveries arrive at once, it's bonkers. Stuff gotta go somewhere- shopfloor it is. the lady on the till said something similar, I honestly would not be shocked if she had told me a warehouse was closing, just so odd to see what should be a proper laid out supermarket, just looking a total mess, stuff in any random place, with no care at all.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Seriously right.  I only moved here 7 years ago, and that first summer was crazy with how many 40+ days we got in a row (which I hated).  But the last couple of summers are almost non-existent.
@USER Good morning Lee!! Today is s new day! @USER Yes it is.
@USER ଜନ୍ମ ଦିନରେ ବହୁତ ବହୁତ ଶୁଭେଚ୍ଛା ଆଉ ଶୁଭ କାମନା ?????? @USER ଅଶେଷ ଅଶେଷ ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ ?
Spuds on a bus? 
Worst sequel ever. Getting roasted on the reviews.
"Being British and loving your country means that you HAVE to hate all other nations". No, but obnoxiously shouting about it every chance you get is a pretty good indicator.
The Stage 3 tax cuts are both unfair and completely unaffordable. 
They were a bad idea at the time and a terrible one now. @USER Over to you Sally. Albo can’t be held to ransom by the past (Gillard) and the threat of broken heart rhetoric. There are more important issues at stake!
gamepigeonaddicts don’t drink alcohol they drink pure human juices. this is the second comments about drinking human juices and i don’t know how to feel about that.
Laugh scornfully and call them WhatsApp Baba.
If they persist, ask them "so what"?
Hindu or muslim, India is India. That's what I don't want to do. He is a reasonable person. I just want him to think rationally about this. But looks like he has made up his opinion by reading/hearing the same stuff being spread across India again and again. And I want to change his opinion about this by making a rational discussion.
@USER Many thanks Lorraine. @USER I forgot to mention that it was an MSc in Dementia care that you graduated with  ?
Peak TV ratings during Queen's funeral
BBC1: 19.5m
BBC2: 2m
ITV: 5.3m 
Sky News: 934,000
BBC News channel: 831,000

Combined peak of around 28.5m viewers on main channels, final figure will be a bit higher. Excludes streaming.

Massive audience but smaller than Euro 2020 final. @USER Unless you had the tellybox switched off at the wall, it was impossible to avoid. I’d love to know how many actively watched. I didn’t turn my TV on to watch MasterChef on catch up until later. Didn’t want the pageantry flashing before my eyes.
What’s your favorite place to which you’ve traveled? @USER The Isle of Arran on the west coast of Scotland! Avril X.
isopropyl
YOLO, bb. I like the way you think.
Jawahar lal Nehru, without any doubt. XD.
>The non-household sector comprised a very diverse group of property buyers, including private companies, charities and State bodies, the report said.
Watch this be picked up by the "ban the REITs and cuckoo funds" people on one side and the "why am I competing for housing with my tax money" crowd on the other.
What will be missed is that the income requirements are only one element of affordability, high rents preventing people saving for a deposit is a huge problem. Reducing rents requires more rental stock. Getting more rental stock means a lower proportion of housing being sold to private buyers. Rental prices are related to the total supply. It doesn't matter if houses are for sale or rent. These cuckoo funds are buying up properties for rent that would have been otherwise bought by private individuals. Where do you think they're living now?
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. I lived in Worcester Massachusetts a few years ago. People there can say it correctly but visitors were pretty clueless!
There was a Leominster somewhere nearby too and no one said that right.
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. More evidence the  LNP are sociopaths.
?Good Morning Friends??‍♀️Welcome to Thursday/Friday Eve?Today is all about preparation⚠️It’s “International Day For Natural Disaster Reduction”???With climate change turning extreme weather into more deadly disasters, it’s vital to prepare for the worst‼️. @USER Good morning Irma, happy Thursday have a great day.?☕️??☕️☕️.
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. If they had the capacity for reason, they wouldn't be bhakts. Save your time, ignore him.
#AnCailínCiúin ? Best Irish film of recent years, no doubt. @USER  @USER Gan dabt  ar bith!
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER If that's their choice...probably the ones that makes the most sense....thinking about going down here...its a beautiful Island...beautiful people.
'Partake'? Fear mongering is their bread and butter. This is what it's like when a junkie 'partakes' in heroin. Whilst true, people have to come to that conclusion on their own accord.
It's not really for me to force my opinion on others. No one likes that.
Eating an apple while suffering through TMJ syndrome… I’m clearly a masochist. @USER My ent said I may have this. I been needing a night guard for some time.
RSS is actually the B Team of Jinnah.
They are proving Jinnah right. Makes sense. They were literal allies pre independence.
Unfortunately, while Bus Éireann and Iarnróid Éireann accept the Student Leap Card as proof of your student status, Dublin Bus, Luas, Dart and Commuter only accept it.
An Post are usually very good at getting things to the correct person. If you're at 50 Fitzwilliam Street and they send it to 15 Witzfillian Road, I'd say it'll get to you.
There's not much that they can do to trace you, but if the same inspector catches you again, he might call the guards. If you're found guilty in the District Court of deliberately evading your fare (and while the inspector has accepted you acted in error, rather than fraudulently, by purchasing a student ticket you weren't entitled to and gave you a Standard Fare Notice instead of prosecuting; if you've given him a false name and address that is an attempt to evade your fare) you face a fine of up to €1000 plus costs.
What is the reason code on your notice? 
If you appeal it right away it's frozen at the lower rate of €45 instead of going up to €100 (if not paid in 28 days) until the decision is made, so if nothing else this will allow you some time to get the money together. I got a letter from Cadburys with a town that doesn't exist as well as a county that doesn't exist. I've no idea how An Post got that letter to me.
@USER In my ignorance, I'd say that's half of it. Half of female infidelity is looking for the next partner, and half is looking to supplement the current partner with something that's missing.

Not every affair is a potential mate. Some are just passionate flings. @USER I think that's much more the case for men.
I love you all ❤️. @USER Feeling’s mutual xx.
If Kamala thinks a bus full of migrants outside her home is a crisis, she needs to see what Texans are living with EVERY DAY. Sorry the immigration crisis finally makes you feel uncomfortable, Kamala. IMAGINE HOW WE FEEL IN TEXAS!! @USER Have another drink.
When you have a short position in futures, what impact Time has on my position??

Time is

1. Against Me
2. With me
3. No impact. @USER So now, you are in short  right ?
It already is, was in there yesterday. As is Tesco.
I was going to tell you to watch out for the swans, only to realise it isn’t Glastonbury. 
Nice picture!
EDIT: Wells. Not Glastonbury. Almost said the same thing. Could have sworn this was the courtyard they shot the fight scene from Hot Fuzz in!
No one in your country sought to abuse Australia publicly yes, but Australians, such as myself, have certainly been on the receiving end of snide remarks and hateful comments about it across the Tasman. 
That being said, that man left Australia with an open mind, to backpack through the subcontinent and was then radicalised backpacking through Europe. He was radicalised by social media, not by fucking Grafton, NSW. Having spent a bit of time in Grafton, it probably didn't help.
Public Figures who Mysteriously Died, Inside Jobs, Russian Intel, Voting Recounts, The Clintons, and as always, White People. Bonus upvote if you understand the reference of the last category.
no one looks good in traditionals lets just say it together... Mai yeh sounch kar tweet kiya koi traditional Dress batate ga?
Dying very quickly. Them tents are expensive. Cheaper than rent.
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER And DC also. It’s not fair the way it is now.
I think we all need to hold our nerve. Experts are saying just buy a little EXTRA each week, don’t try to have your own Woollies at home and do all your shopping for a year. We don’t want what’s happening in Germany - entire shelves bare - to happen to us. Remember we’re a remarkably self sufficient nation. Have a pantry and have enough; but let’s not make the tragedy of the commons happen for our neighbours. 
That being said, I keep a steady supply of pasta, canned tomatoes, beans, rice, canned citrus fruits and frozen food at all times. I grew up rural and lived in a survivalist community part time in my late teens, so having a well stocked pantry is never a bad thing. 
Remember: even in Wuhan right now, everyone has access to delivered groceries. Expensive and with some shortages, but no one is starving and even the Chinese government is sending in free food. 
Remember: often food shortages are created by overbuying! It’s a self fulfilling prophecy. Food makers aren’t expecting every citizen to suddenly need a six month supply and here’s the thing, you probably don’t. 
What you do need - hand sanitiser (harder to come by - was just in Canberra and Gundagai and all supermarkets are wiped clear), thermometer, ibuprofen, hospital grade disinfectant. If it runs out in stores because people are being Chicken Littles, vinegar kills 80% of germs. As someone else said, toilet paper is great and you’ll miss it when you don’t have it. Garbage bags too. 
Prepare for possible power outages, the same way we did for the bushfires. Get a power bank for $20 from Kmart (and a back up one if you really can’t stand your own company ?), a solar powered battery power bank and a hand crank radio. Batteries as well for LED lights and a radio. Pillar candles or tea lights as a back up and some matches. Yeah, if it kicks off the chemists will  struggle with symptom relief and temperature control drugs.
Just now  @USER a man came up to me &amp; asked if I was Rachel V. I told him I am &amp; he said my husband &amp; I are shitbags &amp; walked away.

This has NEVER happened to my far more recognizable husband &amp; that is the difference between the way people think they can treat women. @USER  @USER  @USER He's the shitbag!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Sir, thanks for the information. We have informed PCR-112 for further action in this regard. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nothing happened and neither any PCR were came. What type of complaint you did?
Like they way the theft of the wood and for use as burning in her home is skipped over so easily. Sure look it, I've planted a few saplings in its place your honour. Should she have chucked em in the bin or something?
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER BIG happy birthday to yoooou ???
Brumby bhai tu kitni garibi mein raha hai ki tere par koi ch€€nk bhi maare to tujhe bas "Haaye paisa, Haaye paisa" r0na aa jaata hai

Abe train mein "tum to thehre pardesi" gaata hua paisa maangta tha kya jo iske alawa kuch aata hi nahin

Community rejected them my ? 
? @USER No one will give him a dime..
they crawl around when no one is looking and link up with other boogers until a massive booger monster is created and he lurks around in the sewers. This is magnificent, I wish I had an award to give.
Thankyou so much all ?? @USER Hppy Birthday Jiju.
Is there anything I can say other than “the President rode his bicycle into a tree”? @USER Your President is a Klutz!
‘It’s hard to believe I’m walking through the first ever city. Because I’m not. That’s in Iraq, which is miles away. And fucking dangerous.’. @USER I watched this last night. It was so funny.
The lack of testing is a bit concerning. I know the tests are expensive but I think it would be worth doing a random sample on people with influenza-like symptoms. Better safe than sorry. I think a random sample of all people arriving at the airport would be more informative.
Cashless Bail MUST be REPEALED!

Judges need discretion to weigh dangerousness.

Criminals shouldn’t be able to chop up tables &amp; walls of a McDonald’s, swinging the hatchet wildly at customers, &amp; be released from custody before the fries get cold.

We must take back our streets! @USER What about the group of guys that were beating on him first?  Shouldn’t they have been arrested as well?
How tf people keep travelling all the fucking time? I hate Instagram posts of my friends.
NO ONE should EVER be shamed because they want to know their biological family. This includes adopted/fostered people, donor conceived people, as well as anyone who was not given a chance to meet their bio family - for whatever reason. @USER  @USER Completely agree. It’s so important to us.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER You silly man. Weve had 12 years of a Tory government and police cuts. Ditto funding to the nhs. Youd be dangerous if you had a brain.
@USER Thanks for these comments today Tracy. Needed validation after a heavy morning talk fest ? @USER Good to hear ❤️.
Me, Not child.
Accidentally stole a loaf of bread. Went in for milk and bread. Held milk and money in one hand. Bread in another. Put milk up paid and walked out. Got to car. Checked receipt because i got more change than expected and realised I just held the bread in left hand and only gave them the milk and money with right hand. Completely unaware. How did the cashier not notice it? Probably had a bad day, well not you, you got free bread.
Can anybody shed any light on the following two charges, when booking tickets online for Bord Gáis Energy Theatre:
1. Facility Charge per ticket 
2. Service Charge per ticket
What exactly are these charges?
Why the heck are we paying them whilst booking online?
Thank you. @USER I have no idea. They've done it to me at the Helix every time I've booked online and I've just paid up. I've resented it but I've paid. Maybe it's time we all got stroppy.
>    classic tv jingles: Hastings Direct, Calgon
As a 50 year old Brit, I can tell you I have no idea what those sound like.
I could tell you what Shake’n’Vac does though. WASHING MACHINES LIVE LONGER WITH CALGON!
Panic buying. It’s the same in Canberra and Gundagai and Melbourne. Overbuying is a self fulfilling prophecy and will cause a food supply shortage. Not good. will wait until I hear that ScoMo has left the country for Hawaii before I panic buy anything.
Kurt Cobain. Interestingly my uncle did his autopsy and even has pictures from it that he took home! (Unfortunately these picture are across the country at my grandparents house). Okay that is HELLA interesting.
@USER They are a pain in the hoop. @USER Usually end up sticking the fork or knife into them and squeezing sauce out.
So I've written 25k of new book since end of July.

This is good yes?

My brain constantly tells me I'm a writing failure.

Also launched massive marketing campaign at work. 

#ImposterSyndrome #adhd. @USER I tell myself I’ll never be as successful as Agatha Christie. And therefore always a failure. Once you’ve accepted your failure, the success goal posts move an awful lot closer.
Wasn't wombats the natural heroes of the bush fires just a few weeks ago? They were herding and providing small animals with shelter in their burrows. Now they are pests?!
What is wrong with people?? Well there are no more fires now so we're going to have to let you go /s.
Start your day off right, with the stimulating news that Alex Jones is no longer allowed to run his InfoWars company, per a federal bankruptcy judge.

ENJOY! @USER That just made my day.
सुना है सबकुछ मिल जाता है गूगल पर
 वफादार दोस्त चाहिए लोकेशन भेजना मुझे. @USER ए हैं लोकेशन.
@USER  @USER Or an Irish person stating a fact?
Foster has never knowingly been correct about anything. @USER  @USER  @USER Dame Arlene … hard lol ?
@USER So you DO wear bedclothes?    As for the fox walking through - no thanks, the cat is bad enough! @USER Lol. Bedclothes in the uk are a safety feature. We’d freeze to death without them! ?
He may have a point.  Does it feature child abuse? Well, no, but also, yes
Eromanga Sensei (the series this guy was most disgusted by) is a weird show though. Its casually pedophillic, but its also mostly just cute as heck. Its about an extremely prolific light novel author who's a teenager (for some reason in this universe, basically every successful author ever is a teenager), who writes under a pseudonym and gets his books illustrated by an artist he only knows through the internet called Eromanga Sensei. ES is assumed to be an adult dude, because he's known for his very erotic art. Turns out ES is actually... his little [step] sister (who's like 12), who he hasn't seen in over a year despite living in the same house because after their parents died she refused to come out of her room. And, other than the main siscon thing, its about her slowly coming out and becoming almost socially functional. If you can ignore the sex jokes and the marriage proposal and that the girl molests a few other people for "artistic reference", you can almost treat it like a totally wholesome show about social anxiety
Its in the same universe as My Little Sister Can't Be This Cute (clearly the author of these has a type...), though in that show the sister is a lot, eh, bossier.
PolitiFact "fact-checked" President Trump almost 6 times as often as they do Joe Biden.

Now you know why Americans don't trust fact-checkers. @USER Because trump lies 30x more often than Biden. Pretty simple, really.
Can we expect Indians to start getting tested by government soon? Unlikely.
@USER Been having them for weeks now, thought it was stress or weather related. Any good remedies? @USER I haven’t found anything yet unfortunately. Just hustle through it.
If i was ordering, i'd stick a note up on my door to say to leave everything on the doorstep, knock and leave.
Hopefully anyone who is self isolating will not be so daft as to keep quiet and have actual contact with another person. Yeah... um... how's that policy of not supplying carrier bags with deliveries working out now, Tesco?
Regular salted butter should be fine, though feel free to try it either way. The most important factor is that the butter is melted.
As for the bread it's personal preference.
Also I like it on toast with eggs on top. I have a toaster oven i use for my toast for breakfast.  so I crisp it up and can melt the "fat" in the warm oven after if needed.
Is this to like mix the fat an Vegemite into a well mixture?
I normally don't eat many eggs in the week... Could avocado be a substitute?  Insert millennial joke, but I lived off $.50 avacados in the US from 2005-2007, in the Good old days.
Avatar: The Last Airbender. Though sometimes it's intentional. Havent seen that show in years, gotta give it a rewatch.
When something is a demonic cycle in your life- you can't counsel it- you must be delivered from it by the blood of Jesus! @USER I am delivered of known and unknown demonic attacks in Jesus precious mighty name amen and amen.
The issue isn't housing, it's why the fuck does everyone want to live in Dublin!! Because you just CANNOT get a decent skinny frappa wappa cuppa cappa chineey weeeny once you pass the M50..........
@USER Tom Baker. @USER Good shout. He’s in.
@USER Kilsyth is $25. @USER And rego for season?
It's a type of chemical to disinfect stuff. I don't know what exactly it's called. Not exactly healthy to breathe in though. On the assumption that everything is a chemical, can you elaborate?
Tulsis take on American foreign policy is refreshing. But yes the bottom line is that she is indeed a Sanghi. She was asked about the post-godhra riots and her answer was telling. Tulsi's foreign policy is all over the place
 URL.
"“TDs and Senators were given blank nomination forms at this week’s parliamentary party meeting. They had to sign them and hand them back. The National Executive then decided which candidates to select, filling in names on the pre-signed documents”
"
>Tweet publisher: Seamusdo. If this happened within Sinn Fein, we’d never hear the end of it.
Just reinforces the need for change.
In the gents toilet where I work, there's a hand towel that hasn't been washed in at least 6 months. It turns my stomach and I refuse to go near it. Is it one of those roller lads or just, like, literally the kind of towel one would have at home?
@USER  @USER  @USER I haven’t been able to download it from music glue either. @USER  @USER  @USER So glad it’s not just me. I see it as a good problem to have. An album so hot it’s creating a meltdown. ??
Ronan Farrow is obviously Frank Sinatra's kid and not Woody Allen's. 
See for yourself. Yup.  That's not Woody's DNA at all.
Seems like many Indians on Reddit are as likely to ignore/deny these posts as are the ones sitting at home and receiving their news from WhatsApp. 
DissapointedIndian. precisely the reason they won't ever get to know what happen beyond infiltrated whatsapp groups.
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Pepe LaPew.
Not to speak of the annoying/unprofessional service delivery. Staff bringing people in from the queue. Rowdy lobby, unorganised people. I’m really pissed. @USER  @USER this information about your service isn't cool o.
The Thai who murdered the children at the crèche was an ex policeman. He also murdered his wife and child and then he suicided. @USER He was obviously an abusive controller who didn’t like being told what to do. It’s good that women get censured for maybe being erratic a few days a month but men can keep carrying on like this &amp; we don’t ever attribute it to testosterone or gender.
@USER Definitely worth trying at that price. @USER That's what I'm hoping for!
If i have to guess, Infosys, TCS or Wipro. All three have offices in dubai in knowledge city, along with 7 other indian firms that i know off ( plus mine ). No way to be sure.
BTw...we got an internal memo last week prohibiting any traval ( unless absolutely required ) via transit hubs like BK, Dubai, KL or SG.
Fuck carlow they beat me in the feile when I was 13. They all looked like 30 year old men. We have to win a match in football some how.
Had my Autumn covid booster this morning and thought I’d got away without any issues. Fast forward 12 hours and I can barely move my arm ??‍♀️. @USER Nooo ?
@USER  @USER  @USER Outfits plural is setting a high bar I didn't know I needed match. @USER  @USER  @USER Yeah thongs and singlets don’t cut it in Melbourne lol ?
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER Be Careful. Saw a show once where a guy tripped in his shop, hit his head on a table and knocked himself out. He had something in his hand that started on fire. Shop burned down.
Sapien says, “tomorrows exam can fuck off.”. Padh lo.
@USER Enjoy it sweetie ?? @USER Thanks Roli ❤️❤️.
Should have a word with your local police since it's assault. Lmao I think that’s a bit of an over reaction. It’s only a bit of water. I don’t think the guy had malicious intent.
@USER Is the track wet Ian? @USER Wet? Almost flooded in some parts of the track. Ian.
Hillary is really the president. Trump is there to catch all the blame. And Hillary is really just a puppet for Bill to pull the strings ...... So Bill is really the current president.
Lmao. Too bad the person she was tweeting is a nutcase.
@USER @NualaNiC's jacket is extremely good. @USER  @USER Thanks a mill Rachel x.
There was always one mental kid who would go on it upside down. That was me!
It’s fun to feel the outward force gradually increase, and overtake gravity. You can move like Spider-Man before it reaches full speed and turn yourself upside down. Makes you well dizzy though.
Depends on how the shipper sends it.   If they send it via post, then Aust Post handles it here.    But if they use a courier service like DHL or Fed Ex, then they handle it all the way to your door.
Most couriers will not deliver to a post box either. ahh ok, that's a shame. thanks for the insight.
The time is now. The three-episode premiere of #Andor, an Original series from Star Wars is now streaming only on @DisneyPlus. @USER  @USER Yeeesss!
Ek din mene JP ko fake birthday wish kiya tha. Sab karne lage. Phir pta chala ki sach me uska birthday hai. Oops! XD 
(Hope I’m right, jp?) O.o. Lol yeah. Coincidence and you got lucky xD.
@USER You're correct but their way sounds much more dramatic.. @USER  @USER Indeed,much histrionics and an extraordinary display of flouncing . I could never come close to emulate that level of exposition .(I was a disappointment to my parents ).
Pineapple is better than orange. There I said it. What is wrong with you???
Tipu Sultan was not just a brave fighter who fought British but he was a Muslim too ? @USER Who gave secret of Tippu's movement to British force in Srirangpatana during 4th Mysore war???
Greening Australia do a lot of good work. Thanks for pointing me that way!
Will check them out too.
Goood Morning ?? woke up at 4, glad I was able to go back to sleep! Calling my dr office again.. still feeling bad. They are ignoring me?#hopeyouhaveagreatday. @USER Wishing you a good day and a FAST appointment!
Hii

Good morning ❤️? @USER Good morning.
Y'all can't cope with the fact that not everyone in the world supports Western liberalism. That's not even the issue though, it's the fact that someone feels entitled to the understanding and empathy of others without having an open mind themselves.
It's hard to have a discussion when someone is so convinced that they are in the right they are blinded to even listening to everyone else. Nobody is 100% right. Not this guy, not Western liberalism, not any of us. So we could all do a better job at keeping our egos in check and listening to what someone has to say.
But it does reflect the cost of borrowing? So your money goes less far if you’re buying on credit? So they are advertising getting into massive debt...
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER I work for Cleveland Clinic Florida and have my Bivalent COVID vaccine scheduled for 2 weeks from now. Just got my flu shot today and want to wait a few weeks. Last time I got them both together (booster + flu) and had elbow bursitis for 3 months in that arm!
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. Isn’t it more believable that an insanely wealthy narcissist couldn’t face a lifetime behind bars and an underfunded and incompetent prison system messed up?
The president openly confessed to sexually assaulting a woman and nothing happened.  What more damage could Epstein have done to anyone?
@USER Wow. Nainital - Bhowali road? @USER Na, Mukteshwar road.
At their peak who was/is the best? @USER Pat fuckin edderry
He could get a rocking horse up on the line in listed company.
@USER  @USER Who is paying for the role of International PR Photographer to the PM..? @USER  @USER  @USER Have you not seen the insane amount of money they have spent on official photographers?
I know a few people who are acting like it is doomsday stocking up on everything.
I know several people that don't give a shit.
I know some people that are just avoiding crowds/sick people/using common sense and washing their damn hands.
Honestly, if you didn't give a shit about flu season for the past two decades, why are you acting so scared or proactive around covid virus? Based on the WHO report yesterday, of people who have contracted Convid 20% require hospitalisation (5% require artificial respiration & 15% require only concentrated oxygen). If it spreads our hospital system isn't going to be able to cope.
"Severe cases are defined as tachypnoea (≧30 breaths/ min) or oxygen saturation ≤93% at rest, or PaO2/FIO2 <300 mmHg. Critical cases are defined as respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation, shock or other organ failure that requires intensive care. About a quarter of severe and critical cases require mechanical ventilation while the remaining 75% require only oxygen supplementation. "
And from page 12:
"Approximately 80% of laboratory confirmed patients have had mild to moderate disease, which includes non-pneumonia and pneumonia cases, 13.8% have severe disease (dyspnea, respiratory frequency ≥30/minute, blood oxygen saturation ≤93%, PaO2/FiO2 ratio <_300 and or lung infiltrates>50% of the lung field within 24-48 hours) and 6.1% are critical (respiratory failure, septic shock, and/or multiple organ dysfunction/failure)."</_300>.
@USER And please be careful bro. @USER I’m gonna try, i be hongry though?
Laugh scornfully and call them WhatsApp Baba.
If they persist, ask them "so what"?
Hindu or muslim, India is India. That's what I don't want to do. He is a reasonable person. I just want him to think rationally about this. But looks like he has made up his opinion by reading/hearing the same stuff being spread across India again and again. And I want to change his opinion about this by making a rational discussion.
Until relatively recently I think that was a laundry in Ballsbridge I believe, name changed slightly around the war I think. You can still see one of the old red brick chimneys if you walk along the doddery from Ballsbridge towards Lansdowne Road on the left in the middle of a load of newer buildings (its a protected structure). Along the doddery! Love it.
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER A cheat snd a thug.
This trade period looks like there is a lot happening and we at Hawthorn are standing still. WTF. @USER I'm not having a go nut what do you want them to do ? Haven't yet seen a deal OM really jealous of Bowes yes but we had a go at that.
We are not COMIES. We believe In FREEDOM. K. I think you’re thinking about fascism.
Tell Iran to stop aiding the Houthis in Yemen. They've created a travesty with the world's worse humanitarian crisis! Oh shut the fuck up. Shiites have been persecuted by Sunnis all over the place. Turn your ire on the Arab states bombing the shit out of Yemen.  
Lest you forget, ISIS main enemies were the Shia and Alewites in Iraq and Syria.
@USER Well said! @USER Thanks!
What van would be acceptable for you? 
WE know what a Union flag is you patronising twat. A van from a British company. That would be acceptable.
@USER Lol I’m Indian… would hate if I got cancelled for my race ☹️. @USER  @USER Imagine that. ??‍♀️.
Stay away from food please. why?
AITA for throwing my sister in front of a train
Little bit of back story: My sister just bought me a apple watch, it wasn't the newest so I was super pissed. Like what the hell? Who buys an apple product and not the newest? But anyway I was annoyed all day. It was my birthday and my dad bought me a new Ipad which was nice altough only the 128 GB version and I asked for the 256 GB.
So to the point. I was at the train station with my sister and my. And I put the Apple watch my sister gave me on craigslist for free to pick up. (Who's gonna use that trash LMAO) So my sister saw me do that. She got angry at me like what the hell? So as the train came up to the platform I pushed her in front of it.
I am now faced with charge of murder, like wtf she got what she deserved. I am now posting this from her funeral laughing my ass off.
Was I the asshole? I don't think I did wrong neither do my friends and 4 million instagram followers. This is just a waste of time smh... this is old.
>The non-household sector comprised a very diverse group of property buyers, including private companies, charities and State bodies, the report said.
Watch this be picked up by the "ban the REITs and cuckoo funds" people on one side and the "why am I competing for housing with my tax money" crowd on the other.
What will be missed is that the income requirements are only one element of affordability, high rents preventing people saving for a deposit is a huge problem. Reducing rents requires more rental stock. Getting more rental stock means a lower proportion of housing being sold to private buyers. Rental prices are related to the total supply. It doesn't matter if houses are for sale or rent. These cuckoo funds are buying up properties for rent that would have been otherwise bought by private individuals. Where do you think they're living now?
At least it wasn't a dead cat...
Anyone else seen Man like Mobeen? Or a box full of dead puppies.
@USER The splendour walk of shame .. not sure what old man Balenciaga would have thought of this but they’ve embraced street wear big time, so big my youngest son knows the name ? @USER ??
Wash my hands on a regular basis. i would lick the next chinese person i see.
What's the boy word for slut? Boyslut.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Shame no one will be able to see such a 'crucial' event on TV. Is amateurish streaming on social media which has zero reach among the general public really the best the premier rally in Ireland can manage? Have a look at the NW200 to see how coverage should be done. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hey Say WhatNow, just wondered if you could expand on your thesis description of “amateurish” and the correlation coefficient where you decry viewership as “zero public reach” (in general terms) very interested to discuss and learn from your view point.
Lets be fair, riding up steep hill isnt casual in the sightest. Worth it for the ride down though.
I don’t follow AFL, (as well as soccer or rugby or union or any other ball sport).
I wouldn’t know half the teams in the league. I don’t care who wins or loses. I hate how it takes up half the newspaper on a Monday, and was excited for electronic news- so I can skip past it. 
I wouldn’t recognise a single player, and never watch or listen to a game. Actually I don’t think a sporting game has ever been watched by either myself or my kids in our house. 
We play sport, we are all good at sport and all games but don’t care to watch others play it. No one in Brisbane follows AFL except 1st & 2nd generation immigrants from Melbourne.
Imagine sticking a tooth pick underneath your big toenail and then kicking a wall
Or imagine getting paper cuts in the webbing of all fingers. No. Imagine.... baby shark doo doo doodoo.
Ask Congress leaders if they visited Statue of Unity; those who don't respect son of soil Sardar Patel should not have any place in Gujarat: PM Modi. @USER Those who support RSS don't need to visit statue of unity infact have no right to make such statues sardar Patel wanted RSS to be banned nehru ji ki galti RSS aaj zinda hai.
This is some final. Physicality off the charts, tension and a hot crowd. Huge lineout coming here. 

#STOvBUL. @USER Absolutely loving it!!
Here's an article with more information:  URL 
>“As noted by the conservation officer, the polychromatic geometrical design has a resonance with the late Victorian architecture which is the predominant character of this part of the city centre conservation area and is considered to be an enhancement of the conservation area setting.”. > the conservation officer
Doesn't seem fit for purpose.
@USER Look it’s not as bad as the year I caught  @USER making live edits at his booth and running in engine. @USER  @USER  @USER Look we've all been there
By which I mean I think I was there when that happened ?
I really liked the gentlemen with Matthew mchowevwr you spell it. Saw it, that was good.
They're trying to push a half-truth narrative that Gandhi and others welcomed Hindus and others from Pakistan (including Bangladesh which was then part of Pakistan) and that the the CAA is a step along that direction while conveniently ignoring the fact that Gandhi and co also welcomed everyone who wanted to come to India irrespective of religion. As of now we are very close on overtaking China in population figures, do we really need more people ?
Making mates as a fully fledged adult is a widely shared challenge. Being a gay lad also has its own unique problems attached to the challenge. I agree with your sentiments with regards to other gay guys. It’s very difficult for many, myself included, upon knowing someone new is gay, to separate their sexuality and not consider having sex with them. Just thinking of someone in that regard is going to really skew the foundations of a friendship developing organically.
On the other end, becoming mates with straight lads, I’ve gotten great at shutting down notions of dating or sex with a guy once I find out he’s straight. Yet there is a general sense of unease when I meet new straight guys, I think most of it stems from me being overly cautious to  ensure they don’t think I’m in any way coming on to them at all, I would hate to make someone feel uncomfortable in that way. So baseline friendliness is reduced as a result because I’m over-compensating for them knowing I’m gay and being perhaps sensitive to anything I may do or say.
Clearly I’m reading a lot into it here, but I ask myself similar questions as you appear to be. The friends I have made as an adult have been through work and one guy I did briefly date that we managed to transition to a good friendship. 
Whatever your avenue, gaming, sports, acting etc. so much of life, of success and of friendship is just solely about showing up, being present and demonstrating that you are reliable. Flakiness abounds in society lately so defying this trend says a lot nowadays. I think many people say and state they are into this that and the other, but say it simply to appear and fool themselves as being interesting engaged people but who rarely if ever actively participate in their stated hobbies.
Instead, actually go to that event, attend that talk, enter that competition, in the words of the great Shia La Beouf; “just do it!”. Completely understand your sentiment. It's tough. You're always overthinking some aspect of said friendship be it straight or gay guy. Very frustrating. 
Absolutely, I'm loyal to a fault and if I make plans with someone I will always stick to them unless I'm sick or something. Very rare nowadays to get someone who will do that for you.
@USER No, I rang them about it yesterday, said they'd get someone to check and ring me back, not heard anything yet. @USER Cheers mate. Sounds ominous doesn’t it. I don’t really want to get a refund but I’ll struggle for the revised date.
Can we stop putting “natural” in front of “gas”? One of the most successful greenwashing efforts of all time. We don’t call it “natural wind” or “natural sun” - or “natural coal”, for that matter. The nature of gas is that it’s a fossil fuel whose combustion causes climate change. @USER Methane.
10w-30. How crude.
I'd respect him more if he didn't send India down the Soviet path to collapse instead of the South Korean path to growtj. No thanks
 URL 
Atleast the indian government didn't force our women into sex slavery for the Soviets. Rather be poor than deal with this shit.
Gunter. Probably the only one here that I've never ever used.
Get his number and report him to the police.   URL. Hits xilog over the head with a frying pan
"It's the only thing for a grass".
Locking money down just in time before the next recession... ahhj yeah! It is incredibly authoritarian/Orwellian. 
I am equally dumbfounded that the Liberal government would consider such a bill and that the Labor party would agreed to support the governments bill when it appears such an obvious move to vote it down with the cross bench. You would think that "the liberals coming for your savings account" would have more of an impact on supporters than this "sports rort" saga.
Coming to Cincinnati for a couple days tomorrow! Would love to know what to eat, please! @USER otr dweller, Bagelry or Lils in cov for breakfast, lunch is sparse in otr but if you go to the banks E19 has a kale brussels sprout salad they’re famous for and they should be. Dinner at Che Argentinian or Wodka bar.
Your actions have a way of affecting your character and you need to take this very seriously. Dishonesty should never be associated with you anymore! @USER Amen and Amen. I believe and receive I'm the Mighty Name of Lord Jesus Christ.
Buses simply not showing up. Happened to me probably 8 times in a year where I’m late for a lecture or just anything really because a fucking bus decided to disappear.... legit happened to me today so needless to say the wound is still fresh :(. the best is when the sign says it'll be there in 2 minutes and then suddenly switches to 6.
Shepherds pie is made with lamb. Good to hear the real truth.
My twitter feed really needs more Caulfield track prediction tweets. Honestly. @USER Heard they’re transferring the meeting to Newcastle.
I used to have plantar fasciitis - constant near-crippling pain in my feet. My podiatrist said to never go barefoot while standing other than in the shower. He specifically said to wear Crocs in the house. 
The pain went away pretty quickly and hasn't come back. So Crocs in the house it is. Same. But it’s super foamy pool slides I wear. It’s like having an anti- fatigue matt under my feet at all times but with arch support.
Download oyo app.
Search a hotel.
Book it.
I don't know this may work.
OYO app may crash on seeing an Indian with a foreign girlfriend. Do it at your own risk. They told me we can't book a same room.
Not to mention the ID issues.
@USER Least he’s got the minerals too face the fans while them rats are smoking cigars somewhere. @USER He didn't meet them out of decency, he met them as he was scared of a protest outside his house. Fans in America should be protesting outside the Glazers houses too. 
#GlazersOut.
As an American I can’t believe people would allow themselves to searched so thoroughly just to get into a bar. Yeah sure a pat down for weapons for sure. Seems reasonable. But this guy was talking like they were going through people’s wallets. Seems strange to me. Wouldn’t want to go near a place that does this kind inspection prior to entry. yea its weird right? is it like this in most of the uk?
Last place in the #LIVGolfBangkok event should def have to go with  @USER to sample some of that extreme local cuisine. ?? #LIVGolf. @USER  @USER That was great to see that - so much more interesting broadcast.
@USER Two in one arm! You are a trooper! I got one in each : ) Hope you feel great! Looks like a great day! Dan. @USER I’d rather have one sore arm than two.
True. Back in 1993 or the IM run from 2004-2007, the bombings felt unfair because neither governments nor society supported babri. Babri was carried out by what was seen as a fringe extremist group, but everybody in society paid the price. I have no problem calling those bombings terrorism.
But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism. Government, judiciary, media, police, bulk of hindu society itself - are arrayed against them. If they are forced into a fight they didn't want in the first place, it's not terrorism but resistance. Bhagat Singh might have thrown bombs, but he was not a terrorist - he was a resistance fighter. >But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism
Am sorry say this here(might even get banned), but these are early sings of getting radicalized, please seek help asap.
We got concessions on not having to join any EU army and that's why Lisbon 2 referendum existed. Thanks.
Is it because I'm not British (though I've lived in the UK since arriving from Ireland as a young child) that I can't relate to this mass 'grief' around the death of the Queen? @USER Nah, it's very silly. Mixture of Disney and Eton.
@USER Brady hasn't got a clue. @USER  @USER Viney might though.
So freaking frustrating. P. @USER What is Sooner Leesa?
@USER  @USER  @USER Your complaint no. is PWD/2022/10/325139. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks hopefully you will take action soon.
@USER But does Janice work there? @USER Should have asked.
everyone from Lincoln simultaneously: 'Did you know the Cathedral was once the world's tallest building?' 
Source: from Lincoln. Honestly I was gonna point out how old it was.
I've always wanted to buy vinyls of old music (50s through to 70s) - does anyone here think it's worth buying them? It's worth depends on what your getting out of it, if your trying to make money out of it you best try and find rare ones and hope that the 'fad' doesn't die away, but if your doing it (like me) because you enjoy trying to hunt down the album your looking for, having the physical copy of the album that gives the illusion of more value for money, then i'd say its worth it, it just depends (like everything really) on what your wanting to get out of it.
I had the 10 year anniversary of friends of my parents. And most of the guests were adults ( i'm 15). There was a small group of other children consisting of 2 boys of about 8 years old, one girls that was 13, a guy that was 16 ( behaving like a 13 year old), a girl that was also 15 and me. At the beginning of the party i didn't know any of the other kids so we chatted for a while just playing some cart games and stuff and one of the 8 year olds doesn't feel well and wants to be brought home so his father brother and sister go to their house to put him to bed and not leaving him unattended while me the 15 year old girl and an 8 year old stay at the party for another hour so the boy can get some sleep. The father returned to the party btw. So after an hour the rest of us go to their home to just chill and have a good time i put the 8 year old to bed and as i turn around telling the kid goodnight i see behind me the 15 year old girl standing in the doorway now keep in mind that we didn't meet before the party and i only met her like 3 hours ago we did however kinda flirt throughout the night so we get out of the room and the sexual tension was immens we get it on and have sex in the parents bedroom while the 16 and 13 year old are downstairs and 2 8 year olds are two metres away i hear a door crack open to reveal one of the eight year olds asking what we are doing me being the super db smartass i am say that i dropped my phone and that we were searching it and that he should go to sleep but the stubburn little shitbag wants to help search we tell him to leave and we get clothed and in comes the 16 year old asking what we were doing. He of course gets it strait away amd now i look like some fuck boi in front of a family i only met once 
Edit: fuck wrong treat. Did you mean to post in /r/quityourbullshit?
And then there was Bitcoin. 
Deflationary currency, open, decentralized, censorship resistant, pseudo anonymous, backed by the most powerful computer network ever. 
www.bitcoin.org
Bitcoin is likely to become the world reserve currency due to its limited supply, monetary policy, and the fact that no human can make changes to the network or money supply. 
Bitcoin protects you against inflation and governments screwing with your money. Shallow understanding. China, US and Russian govts hold the chunk of the exchange. All countries have used fake raids to seize bitcoin assets from people. FBI seized the entire wallet of SilkRoad owner after listing paedophilia content there themselves. Chinese are using supercomputers to generate bitcoins.
Its only better than petrodollars because US doesn't have a complete hold. The point is Indian govt has nothing there and if bitcoin becomes standard India and Iran will be hit first.
You applied for citizenship? WELCOME :) Ah lovely. We really appreciate you not skipping the line sneeking in the backdoor. People can come to Ireland whatever way they like. Once they’re here and they like it that’s the main thing.
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. No, no it's not, it's just Wooster, you have to go and live in France now, your rights are revoked.
Name something you learned in school that you’ve never used in your adult life…. @USER How to disect a frog ?
Queen or Prince? @USER Prince edged out Freddie.
May be a ploy to ban all social media in India. Never trust tadipar gang,. No, they won’t have a channel to spew their propaganda.
@USER  @USER It’s all very “they just don’t realize they are Irish not British, and any day soon they will wake up and realize what a mistake they made”. @USER  @USER  @USER One hopes. It’s called Stockholm syndrome. In the case of wales &amp; Scotland it’s been even more protracted. London only cares for London.
If Charles dies before the coronation, does that mean the monarchy is abolished? @USER They’ll do like they did in 1937 and use the planned coronation for Bill….
slay slay all day. @USER Reyanna Sleepria.
My last question of the day: What do the TV shows that you like have in common? @USER Fantasy.
Fuck man, in India we have serious mental health issues. Its not an India only problem though.
@USER One time I was cooking dinner for friends in the US and the way I had to *hunt* for it in the supermarket. @USER  @USER There’s an episode of Seinfeld that hangs around the characters not knowing what mutton is.
Not to speak of the annoying/unprofessional service delivery. Staff bringing people in from the queue. Rowdy lobby, unorganised people. I’m really pissed. @USER  @USER this information about your service isn't cool o.
@USER I'm not quite 40 yet, I'm 36 but still feel like I'm transitioning quite late. @USER  @USER Saaaame.
Spamming Instagram with "Normie Garbage", and spamming TikTok with "Simp Trash". You forgot spamming 4chan with braindead threads.
समय इंसान को सफल नहीं  बनाता, समय का 
 सही इस्तेमाल इंसान को सफल बनाता है... ✌
##Goodmorning? @USER Good afternoon ??
Outsider here. Curious what makes all these places shot Holes in your eyes.
I’ve visited Ireland for a total of about six months and  nothing really made me think shit hole. 
When I hear shit hole I think of Detroit and derelict steel town types around the states. It's not that they're dangerous, there just isn't much in a lot of towns in Ireland. Carlow is one or the bigger towns and the population is only 24000. It also doesn't help that after the 2008 recession a lot of places didn't recover very well, and people commute to Dublin for jobs.
So, i woke up just before 6am in this house my friend is renting.... We arrived last night after dark with a car absolutely stuffed to the roof with every wordly possession &amp; 12bt of wine #WinemakerThugLife. Unsurprisingly, we were both exhausted (having driven over from Meopham during bloody rush hour on the M26/M25/M4/M3 (so yes, the absolute pinnacle of driving good sense and calm behaviour).
BREAKING NEWS!
Former NRL player Curtis Scott has been found GUILTY of three charges against his former partner, Tay-Leigha Clark.
Details to follow. @USER Back to bush footy.
Queen or Prince? @USER Prince.
I wonder if our high temperatures hinder the spread of virus? Is there a particular temperature at which the virus spreads the most? Singapore has had a 100 cases. The temperature there has been between 28 and 36 degrees Celsius.
@USER  @USER  @USER Great shots of the owls Mark?? @USER  @USER  @USER Cheers ??
@USER I'm quite excited for that West Lancashire by-election if Truss really does go all in on fracking. We may see a negative score in an election for the first time ever. @USER  @USER The Nimby paradox. Housing no. Energy no. Airports no. Anything no?
What's the container you've got it in? Nice find, btw. It's my head torch but it looks awesome with the lighting.
Resist going down the rabbit hole of any ideology including religion. Keep an open mind. Username checks out.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER उत्तम वचन
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
? #IBD patients - what bothers you most about your IBD at this particular moment in time?

Whether related to disease, service, cost, quality of life... whatever... The mic is yours! ? Take it away... @USER My life is so restricted since last year, diet, trips, events. I haven’t found any real balance with medication and I’m on weekly doses of immunotherapy injections and no improvement! ?
@USER I agree with you but interesting that both my kids (8&amp;7) LOVE the home shirt and suspect that’s more relevant than one 40-something and another 50-something…! @USER I admire your honesty in revealing you’re in your 50s.
Hotspot from your phone. Immensely easier. This is the correct answer. If you can’t afford the data to do this, then perhaps it’s time to reevaluate your addiction.
on tonight’s episode of parenting:  I have shattered my child’s little heart into pieces by explaining that she is not, in fact, my little sister ? @USER Okay but that is adorable!  Poor little sweetie though. Children’s minds are awesome!
It's the Economic Benefits, stupid ! If you kill the Cows for the Beef....where you will get the in-demand, and nutritious Cow's Milk that you depend on - from ? > ! If you kill the Cows for the Beef....where you will get the in-demand, and nutritious Cow's Milk that you depend on - from ?
We don't breed separate cattle for meat in india. Beef comes from non productive cattle - cows that no longer produce milk and build that are no longer used in agriculture or transport. Cow economics depends on meat consumption to keep it viable. Don't listen me, read the works of the father of indian white revolution, varghese kurrien. Then ask yourself why farmers in up are locking up stray cattle in schools and government offices in record numbers after bhogiji's cow slaughter ban.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Welcome to the club!
Good morning everyone, enjoy your Wednesday. @USER Morning Andy.
I work in the industry, whoever gets to run these buses is going to be insanely rich. 
The first thing that will suffer is hygiene. It will be a good friend of the LNP.
Wanna know something funny I have never had an award. Not a very innovative way to try and get one either.
While I am skeptical with comparing India with Pakistan and Bangladesh, we are definitely heading the way of Hindu Pakistan. There is active incitement of violence by BJP and I believe that is to provoke a reaction that can be used by them to trigger a religious war. We are now caught in the vicious cycle of usage of religious hate to ignore problems of importance (economy, jobs, farmer distress etc) which further shifts the focus away from these problems. I am sure after this Delhi thing calms down, BJP will trigger havoc through something else. >sceptical with comparing India with Pakistan. 
>india is headed the way of Hindu Pakistan. 
ఠ_ಠ.
@USER  @USER Ring joe on Monday, thats insane. @USER  @USER No thanks not for me, am just one of hundreds that went through that system this weekend.
Absolute whopper of a rookie mistake.. also, can’t wait 90seconds for your windscreen heaters to defrost it? Are you that important? Haha. >90seconds
Yeah, good one. Some cars take a lot longer than that. It's not unreasonable to look for a way to get it done quicker.
I need more tattoos:(. @USER What tats have you got ??
Good Morning &amp; Merry Christmas Everyone!!! ??
Oops, I mean Happy J6 Hearing Day!!?
✌?❤️⚖️?? @USER Now I don't know how to back to live streaming grrrrrrr! ?
Q2. What is the sale price of the #GalaxyZFlip3?
A. INR 69,999 till 12th October
B. INR 54,999 till 12th October
C. INR 74,999 till 12th October
D. INR 84,999 till 12th October

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER B. 54,999 till 12th October
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
My first girlfriend gave me the same nickname. Guess that explains the username.
Think it's called filth. Do you have a wiki link? I can only find some scripted shows.
The #stage3taxcuts blab fest continues on your ABC #afternoonbriefing #InsidersABC #TheDrum there's no other news. @USER  @USER Such lazy journalism.
Push them down and fart in their mouth to assert dominance. Peter?
#PUSHPA CLEAN SWEEP AT  @USER  . BEST ACTOR , BEST DIR , BEST MUSIC DIR , BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY , BEST MALE SINGER , BEST FEMALE SINGER &amp; BEST FILM . THANK YOU ALL . HUMBLED ?? @USER  @USER THaggedhele.
@USER Nice one, a difficult year. @USER Thanks so much David.
I have locked myself out my house lots of times. Its surprisingly easy to break into your own house. Ha. Do you mind if I break into yours then? cos I have to go to the parallel street and go through their house... Victorian terraces with new (locking) plastic windows can be surprisingly secure!
@USER  @USER  @USER yes, this is great!! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Jane! X.
I was a teen in the nineties and I’m proud to say I’ve never seen this film. I’m totally impressed!
The cow lovers sprinkle cow piss. How do communists 'purify' a place? By killing the bourgeoisie either financially or even literally.
"“TDs and Senators were given blank nomination forms at this week’s parliamentary party meeting. They had to sign them and hand them back. The National Executive then decided which candidates to select, filling in names on the pre-signed documents”
"
>Tweet publisher: Seamusdo. If this happened within Sinn Fein, we’d never hear the end of it.
Just reinforces the need for change.
>    classic tv jingles: Hastings Direct, Calgon
As a 50 year old Brit, I can tell you I have no idea what those sound like.
I could tell you what Shake’n’Vac does though. WASHING MACHINES LIVE LONGER WITH CALGON!
@USER Only if I run out of toilet paper. @USER  @USER Trouble there is that the paper is already full of shit.
Hitter didn’t die the way history says. Pitcher did tho.
Government to Scientists: urine trouble. Hands where I can see them. /r/punpatrol requesting backup.
What about the significant drop in homeless figures during the election campaign and then this month there back up over 10000. I knew when the figures came out just before the election it was fishy as fuck.
Do join  @USER and me on  @USER at 9 am. On all matters EU and of course Northern Ireland. 

And to all remainers who feared so chlorinated chicken but now want a deal with the US: Northern Ireland’s place in the UK trumps your new found sensibilities. @USER  @USER  @USER Good news for the Protocol

- Divergence from EU standards to facilitate USA deal no longer required. Will soften impact of sea border. 
- UK now being able to provide live data will reduce lorry checks to 1 or 2 a day. 
- NI Protocol Bill therefore no longer required.
It isn’t the same contact per se, it’s just that the Govt agency responsible for myGov sends the messages from a name, and not a registered phone number. This makes impersonating them stupidly easy as you’ve seen.
Further, there’s no real global standards for verified SMS which increases the likelihood of people being phished. While Google has made some in-roads for their customers in select countries, it isn’t rolled out in Australia or other major nations. And Apple just keeps hoping more businesses will use their iMessage for business platform, but their rollout of it is as slow as a wet week. A sensible bit of legislation would be to require all incoming calls and SMS messages to be blackholed if they contain a name of an Australian government agency or any Australian phone number unless the holder of that number or the relevant agency has approved the spoof.
Masturbating. I think you got it all twisted here pal.
Recipe for Fish:

Take a white fish and fillet it.
Brush the side with beaten eggs
Sprinkle peanut chutney on it. Press lightly to ensure it sticks on the fish. (Refer peanut chutney details at end of comment)
flip over and apply eggwash and then chutney sprinkle on it
Fry 2 mins per side on a pan which is on medium heat

Recipe for rice:

Cook rice as you normally do (I used a rice cooker).
After rice is done, mix in chopped fresh herbs ( I used oregano and basil)

Recipe for coconut milk gravy:

In a sauce pan saute chopped onions till they turn translucent. Use oil with a high smoking point or ghee.
Add in chopped tomatoes and mix
add spices (salt as per taste, red chilli powder 1/2 tbsp, turmeric powder 1 tsp, garam masala 1/2tbsp, coriander powder 1/2 tbsp, and asafoetida 1 tsp.)
mix spices and wait for oil to be released.
add 1 can of coconut milk and mix.
bring to boil on high heat. reduce heat and let simmer for 3-5 mins.

Plating:

Use the rice to create a bed/foundation layer
place fried fish
use a ladle or spoon to pour gravy on the sides of the rice (like a moat)
garnish with micro greens or chopped herbs.

Peanut Chutney:
Typically you can purchase dry peanut chutney in indian stores. I have used what is known as 'Shengdana chi chutney' (chutney of groudnuts) commonly used in maharashtra with vada pav. You can make it at as follows at home:

Take peanuts/ground nuts and dry roast them on medium heat till they turn brown
peel off any remaining skin
pound the peanuts in a mortar and pestle along with diced garlic, red chilli powder, cumin seeds, and salt. I use 1/3rd cup of garlic cloves, 1 tbsp red chilli powder, 1 tsp cumin seeds, and 2 sprinkles of salt for 1 cup of peanuts.
You can use a food processor as well, but it will make it a fine powder. mortar and pestle will need some elbow grease but will give a more granular texture. That just looks scrumptious. I am surely gonna try it soon! Thank you for the recipe.
You'll fit right in! 
Welcome home! :). Aww thank you!
@USER  @USER Any chance of remembering the Southern Hemisphere or will this just be the endless US tour again? @USER  @USER  @USER Always comes down to promoters. If someone puts up the money for a tour of that region, I'm sure the band would love it. With touring expenses these days, promoters have a lot more to risk with guarantees. Tricky business.
Can Lecroix pick up a second yellow before FT? @USER Leave him on liability ?
@USER What did it for her? @USER Well, she was anti Trump 2016 and 2020. She was a moderate R. She’s pro choice. She’s pro Lgbtq. She thought 1/6 was a disgrace to all. And she was very upset with how DeSantis dealt with Covid.
मैदान में हरा हुआ इंसान फिर से जीत सकता है
                    लेकिन
मन से हारा हुआ इंसान कभी नही जीत सकता! @USER Right ?
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER ?????? Well done , relief.
Is it st Davids day today? just wondering. no idea - he had nowt to do wi sheep anyway.
This is literally just click bait, I mean look at that title, its an article just to make people angry.
I mean, we have embassy's of Saudi Arabia, Iran, Afghanistan ect, all of which execute people for being gay. Why are we not outraged at them? Many, many other countries also imprison gays and we still have ties with them. What about countries accused of war crimes and genocide? 
The only thing in this article that makes it any different is that a well known highly disliked conservative Australian has helped in the process of setting it up. The embassies you listed are acknowledged by DFAT as official embassies but the acceptance of an embassy isn't a sanction of that nations conduct by any government anyway. This "consulate" is not recognised by DFAT and is self designated. Notice that the premier or any ministers of the government aren't present. The consulate will be nothing more than a phone number and a part time receptionist and given Barundi's importance and relevance, I doubt there will be much for them to do.
I would force the homeless to fight to the death for the money, and then kill the winner to eat both of their corpses. This is the best response I could ever think of.
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Its social media afterall. Everything is a gimmick.
@USER Nope, I often wonder what I want to do when I grow up &amp; I'm in my 40s. Always try new things. @USER Thank you ?
Over 80% of real estate purchases in developed markets are backed by a mortgage

New marginal buyers are being pushed away due to higher mortgage rates coupled with the increase in house prices

Real estate is by far the biggest asset class in the world

Look at the big picture. @USER They say in USA is 40% free and clear.
Andrew Thorburn bigot must be fired 

Haneen Zreika must be respected for her religion

Care to explain this to me? @USER Christianity sucks??????
@USER Wait…so am I! @USER  @USER every time i feel bad about myself i remember he's two years older than i am.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu कहते हैं शरीर की मृत्यु यह तुम्हारी मृत्यु नहीं, शरीर के जाते हुए भी तुम इतने के इतने ही पूर्ण हो । #Bapuji #AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
Next week marks 6 years since Brexit. It's been one hell of a ride. That promise of Brexit, of taking back control, won't be complete until Northern Ireland is out of the EU single market and the whole of the UK is free of Euro courts. @USER The ECHR is NOT an EU institution!!! It was literally started in part by Winston Churchill!!
does anyone ever take their car to Valencia and expect to park there to get food?
I’ve never seen this ever. People walk, bike, uber/lyft. @USER I think I’ve tried this twice and regretted it both times.
It isn’t the same contact per se, it’s just that the Govt agency responsible for myGov sends the messages from a name, and not a registered phone number. This makes impersonating them stupidly easy as you’ve seen.
Further, there’s no real global standards for verified SMS which increases the likelihood of people being phished. While Google has made some in-roads for their customers in select countries, it isn’t rolled out in Australia or other major nations. And Apple just keeps hoping more businesses will use their iMessage for business platform, but their rollout of it is as slow as a wet week. ^ good info.
It's sad to see our gov using SMS for MFA, it's a bad practice for several reasons.
The mygov scam emails/SMSes are quite common:  URL.
Get out or get weird. Might use that.
Human immune system learns through trial and error. The thing is western world is too fragile for Indian conditions, conditions highly optimal for growth and proliferation of infectious microorganisms (which includes the germs). Also we do not have a cold cycle (at least in the parts southern to regions where it snows) which can wipe out almost all of the infectious microbes. In Europe and America, the immune system of the people is not worked out as much as an Indian's immune system. Half of the year the immune system of western population is chilling owning to the environmental conditions favouring humans over microorganisms. 
The memory of the way to defend the  body from the microorganisms (henceforth microbes) is short lived (for about 30-50 days). Hence as soon as the cold cycle ends and the conditions turn favourable for the microbes and all the memory of the immune system of how to defend itself from the microbe is gone. All the microbes are aliens to the body even though there might not be a significant change in the microbes characteristics. Hence there prevention is best and hence the sanitizers , extreme safety precautions etc are brought about.
In case of India where the environmental situation is highly favourable to the microbes than the humans. We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised. 
Hence we can say that we are inherently stronger than our western counterparts.
If theres any query regarding this please feel free to ask me any questions. I will answer what i know to my fullest. Thank you!
Upvoting this not because I totally believe you but for the simple fact that there are a lot of factors and variables involved wrt immunity including local environment, genetics, temperatures etc. It's a very interesting read.
OP mentioned a couple of published parameters and promptly concurred hand sanitizers are the best! (read sarcasm). Well, I need proof and references for the same, to objectively and conclusively prove or reject it. Otherwise, it's in the same league of those UN WhatsApp forwards.  
Hygiene is common sense but immunity is a different ball game.  
I mean, there are actual people writing their thesis on the same as we speak and along comes a  Google powered research paper.  
Till then, I think it would be best to leave the deductions to the specialists.
Anybody want to check /r/unitedkingdom to see if they have a shit fit about this traitorous act. Most Brits I know are fairly sound and if anything are more just uneducated about the not so nice parts of their history. Its them-uns up North that have a hard on for the Monarchy that I would be worried about.
If you're in a city with time to kill, what's the first thing you do? @USER Walking tour. Ideally a food tour, if there's time.
1000/400. i get 940/40.. uplink still broken. thanks myrepublic. Where the hell are you getting speeds that high?
Sex? You guys are having sex?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations ? ??  @USER &amp; others. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
@USER Fab news. Comhghairdeachas. ??? @USER Appreciate it Miriam just glad he absolutely loves Medicine.
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER We can but hope.
@USER Le niveau anglais ainsi que la faune et la flore la plus violente recenser sue terre. @USER Je suis aller en nz avec un niveau 0 et j’en suis ressorti quasi bilingue, c’est justement le but

Faune et flore fait être au courant je peux pas nier ça, mais historiquement les mort/problème sont ultra rare maintenant.
End life on Earth. aight ill go first.
Bangladesh: Openly critical of India. 
Nepal: Embroiled in a border dispute. 
Bhutan: Limiting Indian tourist access. 
Sri Lanka: Rajapaksa ousts pro-India incumbent.
Afghanistan: Americans are rehabilitating the Taliban. 
Iran: See above.
Pakistan: Pushing forward with a concerted diplomatic offensive. 
China: Making ingress into Indian territory by building infrastructure to change facts on ground. 
But at least watching Jaishankar give tactless aggressive responses to foreign dignitaries provides bahkts enough material to jack off over a “strong India”.
Wonder what happened to his “look east policy”, I’m assuming planning guided tours to Kashmir is taking up all of the foreign ministry’s time. Canada: Telling their citizens to not travel to India seeing current situation.
eh... have you been to blanch ? lol
I remember arriving at ITB each morning after a weekend there'd be a new burnt out car in the far side of the car park. "natives getting restless" - was the best phrase I ever heard. A lot of Blanchardstown is really nice. It's a very big area. ITB is closer to Mulhuddart than it is to Blanch village. Mulhuddart, Fortlawn and most of Corduff are shitholes afaik.
Is it done by eye, weight, scoops or just to the fill line in a certain box/container? In the UK if you market it as an "80 piece" they can and will get in trouble if they supply the weights and measure inspector with less. But the inspections aren't that common and the "trouble" isn't that bad but, it does exist.
@USER No way that is real. @USER It is and there is heaps more like it.
peak capitalism is not being able to immediately tell if it is satire or not. Seems pretty obvious to me.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good morning ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Sir Ji,

Very Very Good Afternoon ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
Travellers have been lobbying for a national health strategy,mental health strategy for over a decade our State and its organs failed us. Now look where we are our children dying by suicide at a shocking rate. ? @USER Shocking , God rest those poor children, it’s time for some intervention ?
@USER Most of people judge the book by its cover. @USER Hell yeah.
The SDA is a union run by social conservatives that exists to exert power within the labor party rather than do what is best for their members.
>"The SDA is a tame cat union," says Paul Conway, secretary of left-wing Victorian meatworkers union. "Its primary interest is not its members but numbers in the ACTU and ALP, getting its people into Parliament, having an impact on issues like same-sex marriage."
> URL 
You might have seen recently in the news the pro coal "Otis Group" group in labor. What you might have missed is that that group is predominantly SDA affiliated.
> What is perhaps most curious about the Otis Group, is the prominence of Members and Senators aligned to the Shop Distributive and Allied Employees Association—the Shoppies.
>Let’s go through the list: -
From the Senate:
>* Senator Ciccone: Shoppie.
* Senator Polley: Shoppie.
* Senator Kitching: an honorary Shoppie by virtue of her factional prowess.
* And, of course, The Godfather, Senator Farrell: Shoppie.
>From the House;
>* Daniel Mulino: Shoppie
* Nick Champion: Shoppie.
* Amanda Rishworth: Shoppie.
* Luke Gosling: Shoppie.
* And Anthony Byrne: a so-called ‘Mod’ which a new factional grouping that Guy Rundle
has described as ‘quantum-Shoppies: existing in two factional states simultaneously’.
>By my count, that’s basically half—of the pro-coal group of ALP parliamentarians
who are Shoppies.  And a number of these Shoppies are from places like South Australia, Northern Territory
and my home state of Tasmania where the coal industry is either quite small or non-existent.
>How very curious. Not from coal mining unions; not from coal mining states; but with the numbers in a pro-coal
faction. - The Otis Group could easy be known as the New National Civic Council.
What on earth are those Labor members who have found themselves in the Parliament because
of their affiliation with a union that represents retail workers doing spruiking for coal?
> URL 
Now you might not care about internal labor politics but what it means is that the SDA gives sweetheart deals to companies as long as they help sign up new members for the SDA which gives them more clout inside the labor party.
>A partnership was formalised with the SDA in 1971 when six major retailers, including Coles and Woolies, signed landmark “closed shop” deals under which companies would sign up their staff as SDA members on the union’s behalf. 
> URL 
But it generally means that they don't care about fighting for their members once they are signed up. Nobody wants to make enemies of big companies if they are trying to angle into a cushy parliament job.
Which leads to things like this
>Coles workers have received pay rises of as much as $150 a week after a substandard wages deal between the shop assistants union and supermarket giant was replaced.
>...
>In 2016, the full bench of the Fair Work Commission found that deal failed the "better off overall test", the legal test that workers have to be paid more than the award.
>More than half the workforce was underpaid, evidence from Coles’ own expert showed.
>It took nearly another two years of legal wrangling after that Fair Work ruling for a new agreement to take effect. That deal now largely reflects the minimum rates of the award.
>Nelio Da Silva, who has worked for more than five years at Coles, now gets paid an extra $140 a week under the new deal.
>He recently joined the new union, the Retail and Fast Food Workers Union, whose secretary Josh Cullinan exposed the Coles deal in 2015.
>"'I was always after a union that represented me better,’’ Mr Da Silva said. ''They (SDA) are more conservative and that’s not me.''
>The SDA is well known for its conservative social positions whether on abortion, euthanasia and for many years on same sex marriage.
>It is the largest affiliate of the ALP and has substantial political sway in Labor and the ACTU.
>An Age and SMH investigation across 2015 and 2016 revealed SDA deals across fast food and retail left more than 250,000 workers paid less than the award and saved business at least an estimated $300 million a year.
>But despite that the fate of these workers has drawn little or no support from the broader union movement, even as unions have campaigned against penalty rate cuts, wage theft and flat wages.
>Ms Ramnac had been suspicious of the SDA after her manager at McDonald’s pushed hard for her to join.
>''When I went to McDonald’s they really pushed for the SDA, obviously I joined because I was a vulnerable young worker,'' she says.
>''Soon I realised, on my own terms, they weren’t doing much. When you’re not accountable, not transparent, I can’t trust you.''
> URL 
Hope it helps. I wish it did. 
It sounds mostly political. Kind of curious to hear from people who are with raffwu and whether they're more effective at getting workers what they want.
Because they look so cute when they waddle in their tuxedos. That’s fair.
If you can access fresh coconut, jaggery and poached rice, there's a Goan dish called fao which takes less than 5 minutes. I think you meant pounded rice?
i barely take care of the twitter crew so fuck it, will choose 5 people who like this post &amp; give them $10,000 USD each when i wake up, will post who I choose &amp; why. @USER Liked ?
From the restaurants who tell you we'll need the table back in 1.5 hours when you book and are being seated
Like that's in my control. This reminds me of the weekend in London. A pre theatre meal has a time limit, and the table is time limited. Had to ask three of the four waiters/ managers that dealt with finishing meals (as opposed to wait staff) for the bill.
Who's loving having good government back in Australia? ?‍♀️. @USER My first impression was the absence of the word ‘millions’ and I relaxed into a world of clarity, confidence, trust and knowing I wasn’t being gaslighted by those elected to lead us all.
Probably listens to ur conversation lmao. I mean say what you want about Apple, there’s plenty to say, but Apple takes security pretty seriously.
Nothing is difficult to attain, in this world or the other, to those who have meditation and divine Name in their life. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER ???
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
Class. Another Irish sub. Any news on when reddit.ie is launching.
In fairness, a British van would be on the hard shoulder. God bless British Leyland and all the plants on the hard shoulder their broken down vans watered.
Open the Keystone Pipeline.
Build the wall.
Put America first. @USER Give it a effing rest.
Should I start playing League??? @USER Are you ok? Do you need help?
उदास फिरता है,
मोहल्ले में बारिश का पानी,
कश्तीयां बनाने वाले बच्चे
मोबाइल से इश्क कर बैठे।. @USER Right ? sir #sonusoodsuperhero.
It already is, was in there yesterday. As is Tesco.
Pass them a barm and ask them what it's called. If they don't fiercely defend their answer while decrying all others, they're a spy. This is, without a shadow of doubt, the best answer here.
I love the term 'fossicking'.  Picked up a half oz nugget in Victoria a few years back. Saying "fossicking" never gets old lol. That's awesome about the gold. Was it just in the Bush or did you dig or pan for it?
I'd look at the guy dead serious " I thought you were single! You told me I was special.". I’d go with the “Can you PLEASE, lower the ransom?”.
@USER my postpaid due was on last day that's 7 October and due to travel I missed it. I made payment on 8th morning but the late  charges are hefty that's INR 590
I have always paid on time. Kindly remove it 
#Paytm #paytmkaro. @USER  @USER  i haven't received any communication yet.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. Stuffs amazing. I had a serious chesty cough shortly after Christmas that just would not see to lift. I went through like 3 bottles of benylin before I switched to exputex and it cleared right up.
Looks like a Caterpillar D6, absolute unit of plant machinery. Not when the D11 exists!
Are they cops? Why are they wearing bibs? That's a police vest.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I think he killed himself. The conspiracy was that he was allowed to kill himself.
3 of my ex colleagues from my previous company quit yesterday, 2 I was on very good terms with, including a guy that was among the top performers who couldn't handle the politics any more.
Meanwhile David de Gea (and Jordan Pickford) are collecting their paychecks.
Another mate (my bestie at work and said top performer's roomie) just spilled the beans today on why HR encouraged me to quit during probation period itself so he could save 185000 for the company.
Sucks. Liverpool lost and I forgot my homie's bday
Sucks.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You should just bring a sleeping bag and camp there! ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I’m waiting for life membership!
Why though?, did she go anywhere is she Italian or Chinese,  the fuck. Just get out of there and do them for racism. Unacceptable. My mam is a supervisor for care assistants in the local area, she's not been on holiday and she's white British.
She's living with 2 other people so she's going to find out if they have had the same email.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Seriously right.  I only moved here 7 years ago, and that first summer was crazy with how many 40+ days we got in a row (which I hated).  But the last couple of summers are almost non-existent.
Nobody cares about black history month including a large percentage of blacks . Obviously that's not true.., unless I'm not a person... existential crisis ensues.
More than 8 Crore content creators in India ??
Only around 1.5 Lakh of them are able to monetise it ? @USER Less than 500 cricketers in india(A grade ) , but ur namesake inspite of being in top 200 never able to monetise it.
Another summer over.  Goes so quickly doesn't it? @USER ? I don’t consider Summer is over until I need to put on a sweater in the evening… sometime in October, regardless of what the calendar says Tilly. ? Makes me happy longer too. So I’m going to stay in my time zone. Join me ?
What a great way to make money and definitely not get murdered. I see I'm not the only one getting slasher movie vibes.
@USER If Collingwood rate him so highly why did they low ball him with their contract offer? Actions speak louder than words. @USER  @USER How much was the lowball offer Ned?
gamepigeonaddicts don’t drink alcohol they drink pure human juices. this is the second comments about drinking human juices and i don’t know how to feel about that.
Tipu Sultan was not just a brave fighter who fought British but he was a Muslim too ? @USER Who gave secret of Tippu's movement to British force in Srirangpatana during 4th Mysore war???
@USER Pagliuca didn't suspect a thing... Ronnie Whelans shin is a poor relation. @USER Agreed. Houghton’s goal is just absolute perfection.
Did you lose a fiver yesterday? No he’s the guy who took the muffin.
I love the term 'fossicking'.  Picked up a half oz nugget in Victoria a few years back. Saying "fossicking" never gets old lol. That's awesome about the gold. Was it just in the Bush or did you dig or pan for it?
The Brave Little Toaster™. Agree.
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. Wow!
0-0 in 6 a side? Ye must be absolutely shite. In fairness the goals are about the size of ice hockey goals and yes.
@USER There he is! Miss the big fella, can't wait to voice him again. @USER Thank you, I’ll do my best to catch up the schedule and then into the voice work process! ❤️.
who the fuck lets this shit happen? what the fuck is wrong with the people in charge of this country? nature is one of our most valuable assets and they seem to want to fuck everyone out of it for a quick buck now. disgraceful. The middle management who are the liberal party don’t know or care about science or even common sense.
Whataburger. I miss Whataburger so much. Moved back home and the best we've got now is Lee's Chicken.
Instead of saying people who do bad things are not real hindus, real muslims, etc. acknowledge that there are bad people in every religion. True. People who spread hate and violence are dickheads irrespective of their religions.
The way it's taught, you're not handed novels in French and just told, translate that and then explain the themes and nuanced readings in the language you're still not fluent in...
I still have better French than Irish after 21 years being out of school. It's just a shame imo. I would really like to be able to speak our language properly but I have an Irish oral for the LC soon and it is actually embarrassing that I'm still struggling to hold a general conversation after 13 years of learning it.
Adam We!
(I'm happy that's the second time I got to post this today). Nobody messes with Adam We.
wwhat's the pattern called at Myer?
Edit: it's Wild Fur You Australiana version lol. Go to lalalandahop.com.au I just looked at the bottom of the cup lol.
Im more scared of cancer because it can hit everyone. Couldnt corona hit everyone though?
@USER Hi, we don't want you to have such unpleasant experience with us. We will connect with you at the earliest. @USER I'm still waiting guys.
Joan Collins hired her husband. Seán Sherlock hired his sister. Andrew Doyle hired his sister. Bernard Durkan hired his son. Brendan Griffin hired his wife and his cousin. Alan Farrell hired his wife. Kate O'Connell hired her sister. John McGuinness hired his son. Danny Healy-Rae hired his wife. Michael Healy-Rae hired his son (he had also worked in the role for his father). Martin Heydon hired his sister. Michael Collins hired his brother. Seán Canny hired his wife. Helen Mac Entee hired her aunt and cousin. Catherine Byrne hired her daughter and her niece. Michael Ring hired his daughter.  Sean O Fearghail  hired his daughter. Ciarán Cannon hired his wife. Mattie McGrath hired his daughter and his niece.
I could probably go on, but I think that gives a sense of the level of nepotism in this.
Costello's wife is Hazel Chu, a green party cllr. He could have done the easy thing and hired her on the sly.
TDs doing this will tell you that "they're well qualified for the role", but what is telling is that none of them are willing to run an open competition to see if anyone better qualified will show up. >Costello's wife is Hazel Chu, a green party cllr. He could have done the easy thing and hired her on the sly.
She's going to be mayor in a few months and will be going for TD in future so not really.
I had heard rumblings that the Mars 2020 Rover has a T sensor provided by the UK Space Agency to analyse any potential flora. Nobody at NASA has yet worked out the T stands for Tea. I will donate the grass seed so we can get the dairy herds going for the necessary milk and clotted cream.
Top of the risk mgt morn. @USER Morning.
I suppose that they're afraid of succumbing to it and dying. Glad we cleared that up.
Dear  @USER 

 I was returning from the National Games held in Gujarat, and the staff not only behaved badly, but also charged us a hefty amount for excess baggage which was the medals and goodies that we athletes had won. @USER  @USER What do you expect from a third class airlines.? Indigo airlines is worse than the village town bus.
I've done an extra shop of long date item. Rice pasta flour tinned tomatoes. All things that are on my usual list.
My son is immunocompromised so we may choose to self isolate as a family before the government makes it mandatory. 
That and I dont want to fight hoards of people for the last bag of rice in a weeks time once the government admit we are fucked! I've done the same. Sure we will get through it anyway if there isn't a shortage. I've stocked up for similar reasons as you. My son is immunocomprised.
I don't wanna be going out if there does end up being lots of cases!
Also, the clown being picked up should be literally waiting at the window or door so there’s no need for driver to honk said horn. 
BE ON TIME PEOPLE! EXACTLY THIS. I could send an anonymous passive aggressive letter actually. 
Make it old skool by cutting out each letter individually from magazines and threaten his garden gnome if his mate keeps honking.
What is the correct number of abortions for which a pro-life candidate should pay?

Asking for my evangelical friends. @USER 8 is my lucky number.
When you are a necrophiliac and want to know if she can get pregnant. Don't want any of that anti-crisis support.
Nothing is difficult to attain, in this world or the other, to those who have meditation and divine Name in their life. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Divine thought
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
For the record, The US is a disgusting 54%
edit:* of their total discetionary spending budget, sorry didnt realise this was a % of GDP.
It is 17% of their total budget at an eye watering $718 billion. 
But only about 3% of their GDP. That’s wrong.
All the Paddington Bear gifts and marmalade sandwiches the Queen received reminds me of the time I said that the snow baby ornaments where kind of cute to my mum, then she told everyone and for the next fuck ton of years every fecker bought me snow baby ornaments. @USER Same, I started drawing a ? when signing cards etc, who new so many things are made in the form of snails!!
If you’re an aussie and are in NFTs RT this tweet. 

I want to connect to more aussies in this space ??? @USER Sydney ??
Water and Mio drink mix. No sugar, plus you're drinking water. Interesting have you tried this?
Tulsis take on American foreign policy is refreshing. But yes the bottom line is that she is indeed a Sanghi. She was asked about the post-godhra riots and her answer was telling. Tulsi's foreign policy is all over the place
 URL.
@USER Who’s the hot babe? @USER ??
@USER  @USER Name of this programme anyone??
Loved watching his docs growing up.. @USER  @USER Hi Fissyomi, this series is called The Mating Game, it explores the extraordinary range of courtship strategies animals use to win over a mate, from deserts to oceans &amp; jungles to freshwater habitats! You can watch it on BBC iPlayer, we'd love to hear what you think!?✌??
Open the Keystone Pipeline.
Build the wall.
Put America first. @USER Give it a effing rest.
A new one for you; the Chinese government are responsible for the implementation & the outbreak of the Coronavirus. 
... do you see rioting anymore? Maybe it doesn't exist.. they perpetuated coronavirus as a way to bar the Hong Kong riots from being in the news. The worst part, this virus is halting global markets and striking fear in everyone.
जबसे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की हत्या हुई है तबसे अब तक 35 बॉलीवुड फिल्मे फ्लॉप हो चुकी है,,

कुछ साल और बहिस्कार और सारी गंदगी साफ़ हो जाएगी बॉलीवुड की !! @USER Bollywood Boycott.
@USER Did they like the chocolate tools? @USER No. They licked them and then put them back ?
Reminder Brexit really wasn’t about a US trade deal, it wasn’t really about an economic doctrine. It was really about believing your nation state is where the highest form of govt should lie. It was basically about democracy. @USER So we're left living in a country that thinks we have democracy under this Government.  Sinking in league tables, no real trade deals, the pound sinking, rates up - high inflation  - freedom of movement lost - I see nothing good!  A  dictatorial country for the rich. Wake up!
@USER Loved it!!! #WerewolfByNight #ManThing. @USER So damn good.
Former supporter, last night: “Joe, you’re a Democrat. Just admit it.”

Me: “I’m not a Democrat.”

Him: “U support Democrats. So u support their policy agenda.”

Me: “I oppose most of their agenda. But this isn’t about policy. It’s about our democracy.”

Him: “You’re a Democrat.”. @USER Most agree to wanting the highest level of autonomy possible (small government). Most agree our taxes should be efficiently managed. 
Most agree the Executive branch has swelled too large. 
This is where we almost all agree.

It makes one neither liberal or conservative.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What response did you get from UIDAI? As i am having same issue and i have placed the request and status is Refund in Progress (Dont know why) and i am not able to order again as some error. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER No response.
This is some final. Physicality off the charts, tension and a hot crowd. Huge lineout coming here. 

#STOvBUL. @USER Absolutely loving it!!
How embarrassing for him.
1) all that stuff attached to his van.
2) driving a Renault. Everyone knows the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Honestly, your downvotes are welcome, but if he pulled up in that van and I had hired him, I’d be questioning my decision. >  the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Would that be the Ford Transit, made by an American car company?
Domestic violence perpetrated by police has been studied in the US for decades and decades. Good evidence to show it happens at a higher rate than the general public, which is absolutely terrifying. 
Very little attention is paid to this in the Australian context; very few people care. The article literally states "Compared to the general population, police officers are 85% less likely to be recorded as a respondent on a domestic violence order."
So your statement of higher rates in the QLD police force is demonstrably false.
isopropyl
YOLO, bb. I like the way you think.
So Mahua Moitra was the one who said this? Can anyone confirm this? I have seen this quote floating around on FB, Twitter, WhatsApp for weeks. Some of my friends shared this with me a month ago. This was on her story, probably Insta.
Why is the risk still incredibly low in Ireland? I've heard it said multiple times by the health officials with no context.
Is it just a numbers game or the climate or something? possibly very complex just my two guesses. We’ve only had 2 confirmed cases on the Island, and no known infections that took place on the island. The risk will get higher if we have cases from people who haven’t been to high risk areas, because that means people are becoming infected here. The risk won’t go to high until we get to a point of infections which can’t be traced.
I got a Christmas card from an Indian takeaway. I think I’m going to get shares in deliveroo.
@USER Hey Vishal, there was a known issue that our engineers were able to sort out last night. How's your connection this morning? @USER Hello, thanks for getting back to me. Everything seem to be working find now. Thank you.
Pronounces Jalapeno as it's spelled, whenever anyone says stop he starts singing, "rough riders roll", pronounces bologna as it's spelled, pronounced Italian as eye-talian, constantly calling me " honor student" whenever I do anything stupid, "are you sure? Are you positive? I thought you were__!" Etc. Lovely!
मुझको बारिश पसंद है...?️

और तुमको..? ? @USER Mujhe tum.
This is the alternative,  URL. Cant see Mary from whishtmeath running around like that lol.
j waiting for that one text. @USER Ok lemme text you?‍?
@USER that’s the best coffee you could get in Melbourne?

I’m insulted. @USER i was in a hurry, don’t cancel me for this.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ? and will get it again. Who the hell cares about a Kevin Sorbo, whatever is was.
Ask Congressmen if they have visited Statue of Unity; have a big heart and visit Sardar Patel's memorial: PM Modi. @USER And stay empty stomach, jobless.
We're still going to have people coming in to work tomorrow with bad colds and flu 'powering through'. Coughing, sneezing and spreading germs everywhere and infecting their colleagues. Not to mention what this will do to the morale and panic levels now that we have Corona Virus to worry about. 
It seems to have become the norm now that unless your leg is falling off, you need to show up. It's fucking stupid, usually people are incredibly unproductive when that sick and they end up making a rake of other employees sick which in turn has a much bigger impact on productivity and company profits than if they had stayed at home in bed and properly recovered. 
We can't be calling in sick when we only have a dose of the sniffles or relatively minor ailments but some common sense from employees and bosses would go a long way to curbing the spread of this virus and the spread of seasonal flus in general. 
You'd hope that most large companies are developing action plans and counter measures at the moment. Protocols on what to do if members of staff are ill, asking people to go or to remain at home, encouraging employees who don't need to be physically present to work from home where possible. 
I'm mostly talking about standard, non customer facing office jobs here. I do understand for a lot of unfortunate people, this would be impractical due to a lack of sick pay allowance or the nature of their job means that it can't be done remotely. Then there's the huge percentage of people who simply can't afford to miss even one day without suffering financially. 
We really need a plan for this in the event that it becomes as serious as Italy. We have nothing to lose by preparing and containing. I deal with customers at a front desk every day (not in healthcare btw). People are fucking disgusting - they will come in if they have colds, flus, mumps(!), chickenpox, infections... I've seen it all. I wish I was exaggerating. They will literally come in after their doctor's appointment.
I'm always doing the hand-washing/hand sanitizer thing, but I have no escape from how careless and unhygienic the public are.
You can get turkey unicorns and things these days. They're just reshaped turkey Dinosaurs/Jetters/Drummers. Sad face.
The fitout is $343,945.60
 URL 
Let's all take a moment to soak in the irony of most of parliament being the kind to rake inner city latte sippers into the bin with spent grinds. Conservatives projecting; it has more spreadability than corona virus.
I’m a yuge fan of consistency. @USER As am i.
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Its social media afterall. Everything is a gimmick.
Apologies for jumping in, and downvote it all, if you like. I’m not Irish, but seeing as this thing gets global: We have been through bird and swine flu, the pneumonia, and now this. Not to mention Ebola. And here we all are. It’s not like we have a plague on our hands and as far as I know it’s not the Middle Ages. I heart all the people who lost their loved ones. It is a great tragedy. But isn’t it getting a bit out of hand? St Patrick's Day parade has been cancelled before due to foot and mouth, so it's not an overreaction to do the same this time. It's only sensible. Also regardless of how much you heart me, I don't want my parents to catch it.
I am pro First Past The Post, because I am pro the Labour Party.

Let's not give the extremes the keys to number ten. @USER FPTP will mean Labour will never win a majority.
>“Harm was part of it and also so was the apology that was made as was the significant level of resources and operational priorities,” he said.
>Keneally asks whether the AFP interviewed Moore.
>“My information was that there was no interview,” Kershaw says.
>Keneally: “How do you make a determination of harm and a decision not to continue to an investigation without speaking to the victim?”
That is some amazing police work, Clover Moore was not even interviewed. Also if you apologise, you won't be investigated now? You can get away with anything if you're a Liberal politician.
Dr. Claw is Inspector Gadget. 
Edit. Dr Claw is human inspector and Inspector Gadget is obviously a younger “clone” of him. I love this!
But why?
The world is ending 
Change my mind. Sounds too good to be true.
As you can see with Patrick Collins and Eibhear Quilligan, the smallest errors carry huge weight when you’re the man between the sticks. @USER Puck outs still need work. Not sure it's on him.  Could be better at winning the second ball from longer puck outs.
That's pretty boss. Alright Ali G calm down.
Most likely not. Both were born in Brisbane, and although they may be entitled to US citizenship through their mother, this does not mean they're necessarily eligible to become President.
There's a constitutional requirement that the US President must be a "natural-born citizen". This has generally been interpreted as "born on US soil". Though it is open to interpretation, I would find it unlikely that the Irwin kin would ever be considered "natural-born citizens". As the children of a US citizen, they are automatically citizens at birth (unlike Australia where you need to apply for citizenship by decent).  As far as I'm aware this makes the eligible.  It's only those who immigrate and are granted citizenship later that are disqualified by that rule.
That Diana Ross and Smokey Robinson are Michael Jackson's actual parents. That's why he was the talent in the Jackson family and why there were rumors that he was Evan Ross's father (they both look like Diana). Smokey would've been 18 and Diana 14 years old when Michael was born so Berry Gordy arranged to have the kid given to his old boxing buddy and fellow musician from Chicago, Joe Jackson, who he would fund leading to the formation of the Jackson 5. Joe had a big family where Michael would get everything he needs while training him to be an entertainer and Motown could protect their image by taking the child out of the picture.
It turns out the kid is a talent and as we all know the Jackson 5 make it to Motown, but even before that there were several documented instances of Diana Ross in Gary, Indiana such as at the school talent show where the Jackson 5 performed. She has said multiple times on live television that Michael is her baby/child, says she's doing it all for him, and joked about him playing her son in a future movie. She has also said publically she was in love with Smokey Robinson growing up, living on the same street as him in Detroit, which is odd because he had a girlfriend during that time who he later married. Diana also changed high schools around the time Michael was conceived (when she would have gotten pregnant). She was going to Cass-Tech to study home economics and Smokey also enrolled in an engineering college around this time, because they were soon to be parents and Motown hadn't broke big yet. A decade later the Jackson 5 auditioned for Motown in Detroit, then did a second performance at a Motown get-together at Berry's house, and Michael has stated that at that point Diana told them she wanted to take special interest in their career.
There's a movie called Double Platinum which stars Diana Ross and is about how she gave up her kid for her career and later reveals to the kid she's her mother when she sees that the kid has talent, then goes on to help her with her career which would parallel the real life story with Michael. Her daughter in the movie also wears a dress that has the same design as the shirt Michael wore for Billie Jean at Motown 25. It's written by Michael in his autobiography Moonwalk that he and the Jacksons lived with Diana Ross in Hollywood Hills when the Jackson 5 first signed to Motown and moved to LA, and her and Michael used to go out almost every day, just the two of them. This would have been when Diana Ross revealed to Michael she's his mom, he would've been about 10 years old and that's why he became quiet and shy from then on. (This wouldn't be her only time doing this, when she had a daughter with Berry Gordy she didn't tell her who her father was until she was 13.) Smokey Robinson also stated when he was leaving the Larry King interview shortly after Michael passed away that one of his fondest memories of Michael was when he used to go golfing at the age of 10 or 11 with him and Bobby Taylor, who is said to have discovered the Jackson 5 even though their first album at Motown was presented by Diana Ross. 
This was also what Michael meant in the song Billie Jean when "this happened much too soon, she called me to her room". Diana was the one who said "I am the one, but the kid is not my son". She meant I am your mother but you're not my son, you're a Jackson now. Diana Ross is Billie Jean (Diana plays a character called Billie Holiday in 'Lady Sings the Blues' which came out a few years before 'The Wiz' with MJ). This is also what the song Dirty Diana is about, it's about Diana Ross the groupie who seduces Smokey Robinson, who she grew up on the same street as, conceiving Michael. Then there's the song Who Is It which is about a mystery person who abandoned Michael, and in the music video he holds a card that says 'Diana'. The song Wanna Be Startin' Somethin' also talks about how "if you can't feed your baby, then don't have a baby" and again refers to the mystery Billie Jean character. He references Ain't No Mountain High Enough in the song Leave Me Alone and says "Don't you come walkin' beggin' back, mama". He also references Ain't No Mountain High Enough in the songs Baby Be Mine, Speechless, and Keep The Faith. This is all also why you see a weird sexual dynamic between Michael Jackson and Diana Ross but you will never actually see a picture or video of them making out.
Recently a video surfaced of Diana Ross singing You Are Not Alone to Katherine Jackson; just like how she probably used to sing Ain't No Mountain High Enough to Michael when he was living with her. This is seen in the aforementioned movie Double Platinum as well, Diana sings her lost daughter to sleep with a famous song. And in TMZ's video "The Last Time We Saw Joe Jackson" an old senile Joe says "I raised Michael, he's my son and Quincy Jones knows better. I don't talk about it, no way." He's defending the supposed fact that Michael is his son for a seemingly unknown reason, and even in past interviews he always emphasized "he's a JACKSON". After MJ's death, Joe when interviewed said he was doing great, meanwhile Smokey Robinson went on the Larry King show and praised MJ as an artist.
This theory explains why Michael not only looks like Diana Ross and has the same features and eyes as her, but also explains why his facial structure looks like Smokey's & their profiles and ears are completely identical, and why he was a musical prodigy who had the stage presence and songwriting abilities of his real parents (Diana, Smokey & Michael are the only three musicians besides the Beatles who have two stars each on the Hollywood Walk of Fame - one for being a member of their original groups and one to celebrate their success as a solo artist), as well as having a very soft voice which both Smokey and Diana (and Evan Ross!) have in common. Here you can see how much different his eyes looked from his brothers and how much they look like Ross eyes. Now you can see why his personality developed the way it did. It's why he acted like an orphan and called himself Peter Pan and built Neverland to help disadvantaged kids, why he isolated himself from his family and could never manage to have a normal relationship with women. It absolutely explains why he had such a severe identity crisis. And it explains why Diana Ross is second to Katherine Jackson in his will regarding who would take care of his children, and why Joe Jackson has been known to dislike Diana Ross. At Michael Jackson's public memorial the first person that comes out is Smokey Robinson reading a letter from Diana Ross, who writes that she's mourning so hard that she cannot attend the memorial and that Michael was "part of the fabric of her life". When Smokey speaks about MJ later he calls him his little brother, which would imply blood relative. In the movie Hitsville USA: The Making of Motown, Berry Gordy jokes with Smokey about how some of the babies that the groupies were having were his & that MJ reminded him of a little Smokey. Also, the movie An American Dream was about the Jackson 5 and would've been propaganda to reinforce the coverup story. 
So, it wasn't that Michael was ever trying to look like Diana Ross like people thought, he was actually displaying features and mannerisms that he INHERITED from her. In one of the clips below she says he has the same features, skin tone, and bone structure as her. Now you might say well Janet looks a lot like MJ, but growing up in his shadow she adopted many of his mannerisms and used makeup and plastic surgery to replicate his appearance (like Latoya did) but their vanity was merely deception. Joe and Berry branded and marketed the Jacksons a certain way to make Michael seem related, such as with the matching outfits and afros, but if you look at their features it's clear the only similarity to Michael is the way they smile (a learned trait). MJ has much more defined features and is rail thin like Diana Ross, and his nose & chin match Smokey's. Now it's clear why Joe told him he had a fat nose and singled him out so much with the abuse.
MJ does a photoshoot with Katherine, Joe, Diana, and Smokey
Diana Ross calls MJ her child, says she's doing it all for him (skip to 15:56)
Diana Ross jokes about Michael Jackson playing her son in a movie (the intro downplays her role in starting his career, an important part of the coverup)
Diana Ross confesses her relationship with Smokey Robinson, which would have been when MJ was conceived and when Smokey was dating Claudette (skip to 8:40)
Diana Ross jokes about her and MJ having the same facial features and bone structure, "he could be part of my family"
Diana Ross calls Michael Jackson her baby
Smokey Robinson recounts how MJ used to go golfing with him and Bobby Taylor as a kid
Evan Ross says MJ was like a brother to him and that Diana was a mother figure to Michael
Joe Jackson defends the fact that Michael is his son when confronted by paparazzi
Smokey Robinson reads Diana Ross's letter at the beginning of Michael Jackson's memorial
This theory is from a YouTube channel called An American Scheme. I also created a subreddit with further info on the topic called r/AnAmericanScheme. Totally got sucked down the rabbit hole on this.
so they can monitor all messages ? lmao
a SARKARI whats app what a joke. Did you even read the article?
> GIMS, which is currently under testing, will be used by govt departments for secure official communication.
That’s America now. It starts of with a bit of prejudice (like trans in the army) and mutates into policy signed off by the great one. It’s disturbing watching people have their rights stripped from them. Maybe this ban is just another of those prejudices to policy, be careful. Wonder who downvoted your comment.. seems like a reasonable concern.
@USER Morning Both. Have a good day. @USER Morning Greg.
Guys are so lucky like, we dress up as your favourite wifus AND have boobs.

What a time to be alive. @USER I have a saying boobs are only as fun as the girl that has them I hope I’m not gonna be burned alive for this.
Mostly because the media paints it out to be worse than it is. The flu kills more yearly than corona. News services in particular are the worst for this. They want little more than views. The flu kills more people yearly than falling in to active volcanoes. 
This doesn't make the flu more dangerous than active volcanoes.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Oh are you guys in JGU? 
I did not know at all. I would not miss listening to Mr. Ranade. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Please come to T1 F20 if you’re free.
@USER Aaaaaaaaaaggggghhhhhh. @USER That’s a very long acronym for a roadside assistance group.
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The years of self-destruction?
@USER Can’t be an easy trip - sorry to hear Oscar . Thoughts are with you mate . @USER Thanks G-unit.
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER Vice President!
@USER  @USER Please share consignment number. @USER  @USER Pls find the bellow consignment number EO541398395IN
Even it was booked in speed post the shipment was laying in the particular post office for 4 days. nd in portal it was showing door locked. Instead they haven't attempted for a single time for delivery.
Good that we are detecting them at least. That's better than not detecting them.
This   "east of ireland" thing is bullshit though. Now I have to go off to   twitter to find out where this is. It would be much better to just issue   a postcode or general area. I don't even need to know more than that   right now, but "east of ireland" is bullshit. And Holohan has the  arrogance to say hse.ie  is a "one stop shop" and "Social media is NOT a place to go for  information to go to figure out how to deal with this virus"? The idiot  is forcing me to go to social media because he won't tell us the general  area this person has been living and working in the last few days.
 URL 
Edit:  I see  Dr Tony Holohan said we have tested 397 people so far.  That's a  pretty good increase since 2 days ago when I think it was 90.  To me  that's helps raise my confidence in the hse a bit.
 URL 
Edit  2: Then Holohan goes and says " he does NOT believe it likely that  there are more cases than the two currently known in the Republic of  Ireland". That takes away from my confidence in the HSE. Why is he  allowing himself to make guesses? He should stick to providing hard  accurate information. Let the politicians handle the positivity.
 URL 
Edit 3: look at the level of detail they have about the outbreak in Singapore. This comes from their health authority giving accurate, precise information to their people.
 URL. Where is it?
How many roads must a man walk down? The only word I know is grunt and I can't spell it.
Are you still in touch with people you went to school with? @USER I moved to another country so social media is a family and life moments sharing love fest and I thoroughly enjoy it.
Coffin. Haha.
Food, sex, sleep what would you like ? @USER Food.
Like they way the theft of the wood and for use as burning in her home is skipped over so easily. Sure look it, I've planted a few saplings in its place your honour. Should she have chucked em in the bin or something?
@USER Bore bad…normal day to sit with guys drink. @USER  @USER And eat achu.
Lmao nooooo I'm not going to short stay, did y'all forget I'm here out of pocket? @USER You've migrated permanently now right?
@USER Good morning bro have a great one. @USER Likewise fam.
Bruh I'm an extended auto confirmed editor on Wikipedia and I'm just staying away from all indian political articles because if any user is found to input bias into these articles, knowingly or unknowingly, they can be banned so most of the stuff that's been written would actually be by non Indian Wikipedians. Also I think that the pages are edit locked so there is no point in bhakts trying to vandalise. Back when CAA was still CAB, somebody had reversed the positions of Hindu and Muslim in the introductory paragraph in a pretty blatant and petty move (Link to fix edit). So this is good news.
You'd be an absolute legend if you get everyone 2 weeks off. They'll make it up at Easter.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER People I consider friends haven't come near me since Mammy died in January. It really hurts.
@USER I agree and I Chelsea and Jamus reminded me of that exact couple too, I think Sherri was her name, I forgot her husband’s name. @USER I couldn't remember the names. I know it was shocking to watch. If social media had been popular then it would have blown up.
51 (!) people with US Gov. security clearances, all prominent, said Hunters lap dance (!) was like Russian Disinformation. Now it comes down to wordplay. Come on guys, 51 isn't American disinformation? Pity the American people who got hoodwinked very very badly. It's the end of the world as we know it. Who said that?
Sapien says, “tomorrows exam can fuck off.”. Padh lo.
22/23 Premier League Predictions:

?Champions: 
?Rock bottom: 
?Biggest overachievers: 
?Biggest underachievers: 
⚽️Top scorer:
?Most assists:. @USER Liverpool
Fulham
Forest
Leicester city
Haaland
Cancelo.
@USER People are quick to assume. I'm always smiling, yet people say I'm stuck up.??‍♀️ 

But the key point is, it's someone who doesn't know you personally that said it. Let them keep assuming. Don't let it bother you. It used to bother me. Not anymore. @USER Thank you so much for your kind words?
He may have a point.  Does it feature child abuse? Well, no, but also, yes
Eromanga Sensei (the series this guy was most disgusted by) is a weird show though. Its casually pedophillic, but its also mostly just cute as heck. Its about an extremely prolific light novel author who's a teenager (for some reason in this universe, basically every successful author ever is a teenager), who writes under a pseudonym and gets his books illustrated by an artist he only knows through the internet called Eromanga Sensei. ES is assumed to be an adult dude, because he's known for his very erotic art. Turns out ES is actually... his little [step] sister (who's like 12), who he hasn't seen in over a year despite living in the same house because after their parents died she refused to come out of her room. And, other than the main siscon thing, its about her slowly coming out and becoming almost socially functional. If you can ignore the sex jokes and the marriage proposal and that the girl molests a few other people for "artistic reference", you can almost treat it like a totally wholesome show about social anxiety
Its in the same universe as My Little Sister Can't Be This Cute (clearly the author of these has a type...), though in that show the sister is a lot, eh, bossier.
@USER  @USER YAY! This makes me so happy ❤️. @USER  @USER Jody is amazing (as you know). Equally amazing is her work training teams of clinicians and educators to build their capacity for human-centered and healing-centered work. #inspired.
Psychology is a Freud subject
u/visionerarchitect. WUNDT agree.
Black card and penalty? @USER Absolutely should  that I know it could’ve been a game changer Wexford injuries through the game cost them in the last 15 minutes ,Well done Clare no arguments.
@USER That depends on the way one interacts with the other, right? Besides, a person behavior depends on the context. One me be arrogant online, but may be a timid person in real life. One may be arrogant with their acquaintances, but may be a sweetheart to their friends and family. @USER You have explained this very well. In fact, many people look at our  image and judge everything, but in real life, not everything is like that.
@USER  @USER I just read your tweet to my husband &amp; he said 
"YEP, he's just an all round F***k Wit" ???? @USER  @USER ?? intelligent man you’ve got there ???
Good morning everyone,
May the rest of the day be restful, and safe. On my end I am fine but with an upset stomach. I need to schedule another doctor's appointment because I feel a little lump in the stomach area. It could be a hernia who knows? I already had gallbladder surgery. know I am definitely not pregnant ??. This is just a gastrointestinal issue.
Had to decline an offer to teach #jurisprudence at a law school, a subject I loved on account of ridiculously low pay. As a guest faculty, this did not even meet the threshold prescribed by the UGC. Universities need to start paying junior scholars more. #AcademicChatter. @USER I was being paid ₹500/- at mumbai.
@USER Nope, I often wonder what I want to do when I grow up &amp; I'm in my 40s. Always try new things. @USER Thank you ?
@USER What's that, a Fox ? @USER It certainly is, the cheeky thing!
When you're looking at team sheets, which section to you look at first?

I don't look at the team sheet in order. 

I always go front row.

Then backrow.

Then locks.

Then centres.

Then the rest. @USER I always look at the front row first then locks, then the 7, 9, 10 and 15, before saying a silent prayer ??
@USER You're a good example, Father, but unfortunately people make things a lot more complicated than they need to around here. @USER Thank you for your mutual understanding. God bless you! I appreciate your support! I don’t know why people take my tweet out of context and accused me of being harsh &amp; rigid? I pray for all who read my tweet today for mutual understanding.
I was on twitter just now and saw about uttam nagar. Came here to check if it's true. I'm glad it's not. Thanks u/neglectedsince1994. Take care.. Have a nice day. :)
Stay alert.
And then there were four

Clare v Kilkenny 

Galway v Limerick. @USER Only one really.
@USER Love this! Gorgeous ?? @USER Thank you ??❤️.
Just starting to get the feeling Junior doesn't rate Johnson Charles #AUSvWI. @USER Not sure if you heard but he ran out of gas.
I used to have plantar fasciitis - constant near-crippling pain in my feet. My podiatrist said to never go barefoot while standing other than in the shower. He specifically said to wear Crocs in the house. 
The pain went away pretty quickly and hasn't come back. So Crocs in the house it is. Same. But it’s super foamy pool slides I wear. It’s like having an anti- fatigue matt under my feet at all times but with arch support.
Dude, more than half of this country is finding and struggling with their relationships.
You like her, ask her out.
Maybe she likes you and reciprocates the same.
Maybe she doesn't like you that much and it will let her know you better.
Maybe you think she is different than you imagined.
Your thinking and opinions change over time.
I say, ask her out..
And about the age difference, it's hardly four years. It's upto both of you to decide.
If you're both comfortable, Go ahead and cruise through the long term. Thank you so much for the comment and advice. I am most likely overthinking this.
>Save the cheerleader. Save the world
lol ! I liked the first two seasons of Heros, like everything it kinda dropped off towards the end.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER One question . 

SHOULD SCOTLAND BE INDEPENDENT.

Ban all coverage from any political parties, let the people decide with their own conscience.
The ABC stopped being “Our ABC” when they stopped doing original production in the regions.  It’s just a Sydney thing now. Population of NSW: 7.544 million
Population of Sydney: 5.23 million
Percentage of NSW residents who live in Sydney: 69.33%
Where would you do production on an ever diminishing budget to service the most people possible?
As a guy, I hate watching sports. I think its the most boring shit ever, its like watching paint dry. Id rather play than watch. I can't understand how you can watch like 2 hours of guys playing something and get excited over it. Yes you can hate on me all you want thats just my opinion. Same, I played soccer in a team when I was younger but hated to watch people play it cause you dont do anything.
>what about the persecution of Indian minorities? What is the Home Minister going to do about it? What is the Prime Minister going to do about it?
They'll keep doing it. That's what this is all about, isn't it? Sadly. Also, the thing is that the intent of the PM for India is different than what is shown to the public. Those who can't see through it fall for the facade.
It sounds like you're looking for a source of news that conforms to your own expections/political leanings.   That's not what RTE or other non-agenda driven sources are for.
Stick to twitter. I don't want news to my bias (which I don't deny having). I want an almost algorithmic source of news that is just factual and without opinion.
@USER  @USER They're all crooks sooner they are held to account the better im sick of the lot of them. @USER  @USER No one seems to care ??‍♀️ who will hold them to account? They’ve literally got away with murder.
The ridiculous thing is if they are the flat tie on kind they don't protect the wearer so they are useless for people to steal. Hospital tie-on face masks are designed to stop medical professionals infecting their patient [edit.. and protect the wearer from blood/fluid sprays]. Only the form-fitting P2/N95 rated type protects the wearer [from inhaling particles/viruses].
Edit: source: I have spent many years doing filter/respirator R&D. Some of my papers are cited by 3M (a leading respirator and surgical mask manufacturer) in their technical manuals. It would seem the right mask to have personal reserves of ought protect in both directions. That is, protecting: the wearer; and others from the wearer.
So for example, if you have a form-fitting disposable P2/N95 mask with a valve this is not going to protect others from your exhalations (although, from personal experience, I've found valves great for bushfire smoke purposes).
It looks like, for example, the valveless  URL  fits the bill. Noting the explicit 3M™ Cupped Particulate Respirator 8210, P2
> 8210 can also be used in certain applications against some bio-aerosols. such as, influenza virus
Happy to have your expertise bear on any of that.
?Good Morning Friends??‍♀️Welcome to Thursday/Friday Eve?Today is all about preparation⚠️It’s “International Day For Natural Disaster Reduction”???With climate change turning extreme weather into more deadly disasters, it’s vital to prepare for the worst‼️. @USER Good morning Irma, happy Thursday have a great day.?☕️??☕️☕️.
Don't use tinder for finding marriageable guys, it's not meant for that. Okay!
@USER Lovely. @USER Thank you Leila. None of it is my work! ??
Haha he was talking about this on RHLSTP, without naming the brand.
Edit: I meant Matt Morgan’s “Funny How?” podcast. Also Matt Morgan's Funny How? 
Unfortunately that podcast doesn't have a fun to shout acronym. 
MMFH!
We broke down in the middle of the desert in AZ and there’s people shooting at us. Then there’s this random lady driving a tow truck with 2 dogs following her that attacked us and It was definitely intentional. (We just got picked up &amp; safe). @USER Stay safe and blessed happy that you got help xXx.
We are living through the government that our founders warned us about. @USER You mean the corrupt @GOP?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congo  @USER bro. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
I've said this many times on the pod, but losing Sasha Banks is losing someone who can legitimately be a crossover star. Big fail on WWE for that. @USER WWE Women's Tag Team Titles. Lol.
Opposite of overpriced. Entire draw of it is how cheap it is. Use the change at the bottom of my pocket that never gets used for anything else. Yes it's inexpensive but IMO it's overpriced for what it is. The price of the mediocre sausage rolls is shocking.
What if the wheels on the bus didn't go round and round? @USER Up and down?
@USER Come home &amp; stop w this nonsense. @USER  @USER he’s already home though??
Human immune system learns through trial and error. The thing is western world is too fragile for Indian conditions, conditions highly optimal for growth and proliferation of infectious microorganisms (which includes the germs). Also we do not have a cold cycle (at least in the parts southern to regions where it snows) which can wipe out almost all of the infectious microbes. In Europe and America, the immune system of the people is not worked out as much as an Indian's immune system. Half of the year the immune system of western population is chilling owning to the environmental conditions favouring humans over microorganisms. 
The memory of the way to defend the  body from the microorganisms (henceforth microbes) is short lived (for about 30-50 days). Hence as soon as the cold cycle ends and the conditions turn favourable for the microbes and all the memory of the immune system of how to defend itself from the microbe is gone. All the microbes are aliens to the body even though there might not be a significant change in the microbes characteristics. Hence there prevention is best and hence the sanitizers , extreme safety precautions etc are brought about.
In case of India where the environmental situation is highly favourable to the microbes than the humans. We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised. 
Hence we can say that we are inherently stronger than our western counterparts.
If theres any query regarding this please feel free to ask me any questions. I will answer what i know to my fullest. Thank you!
Upvoting this not because I totally believe you but for the simple fact that there are a lot of factors and variables involved wrt immunity including local environment, genetics, temperatures etc. It's a very interesting read.
OP mentioned a couple of published parameters and promptly concurred hand sanitizers are the best! (read sarcasm). Well, I need proof and references for the same, to objectively and conclusively prove or reject it. Otherwise, it's in the same league of those UN WhatsApp forwards.  
Hygiene is common sense but immunity is a different ball game.  
I mean, there are actual people writing their thesis on the same as we speak and along comes a  Google powered research paper.  
Till then, I think it would be best to leave the deductions to the specialists.
Dont we all hate Irish rail ? The rest of Ireland hates it. We just don’t have it.
Lights it up. This. Source - me. Tried one in Yaxley, Cambs.
1000/400. i get 940/40.. uplink still broken. thanks myrepublic. Where the hell are you getting speeds that high?
@USER After years in the community and returning to academics I think many of us (and our trainees) don’t realize what is happening out there. This is a prime example. @USER This is sad to hear ??
@USER  @USER  @USER Your complaint no. is PWD/2022/10/325139. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks hopefully you will take action soon.
The fuckers aren't even taxed on the money in this country. I always thought it was weird that gambling winnings are taxable in the US. No need for it here.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What's going to happen with the empty space on the left of photo (south of thr park)? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The park will sit within the wider Mayfield neighbourhood. Around the 6.5-acre park will be new homes, offices, retail and leisure space.
It's almost like all the evidence that the incubation period can be greater than 2 weeks might actually be....true?
But of course that means nothing compared with the greed of the universities for $$$$$$$$$$$$$. Or they were staying with someone in Dubai who infected them with the virus just before they returned to Australia.
Trump is addicted to amphetamines. I'm fairly certain he's on a Michael Jackson level prescription regime.  Sometimes he's slurring, sometimes he's fairly sharp, he's almost always kind of confused.  Might just be age related, but remember his doctor from before he was President, the long haired weirdo who had his files confiscated by a lawyer and two thugs?  ( URL )  And then Trump wanted "Dr. Feelgood" to head the VA?   URL 
Trump likes his pills.
U have problem with ur life

Look at him
ତିନି ବେଳା ରୋଷେଇ କରି, 
ମଉସା ମାଉସୀ ଙ୍କ ସବୁ କଥା ବୁଝି 
ଗୋଟେ ମାସିକ ପତ୍ରିକାର ସମ୍ପାଦକ ହେଇ
 ସୋସିଆ ମିଡିଆ ରେ ଯଥେଷ୍ଟ ସମୟ ଦେଇ ବି ଆଜି ସେ OAS ପାଇଛନ୍ତି।
ତାଙ୍କ ସଫଳତା ଯେମିତି ଲାଗୁଚି ଆମ ପରିବାର କାହାର ସଫଳତା।
ପ୍ରେରଣାର ଉତ୍ସ ସେ
❤️ ତାପସ ଭାଇ. @USER ❤️ ଭଲ ଲୋକ ସଫଳତା ପାଇଲେ ଭଗବାନଙ୍କ ଉପରେ ଭରସା ଆସେ ଓ ବଞ୍ଚିବାକୁ ଇଚ୍ଛା ହୁଏ.
Why would anyone use this service given the drawbacks and huge charges? I'd imagine, like their old postfone thing they had its to fleece the grannies.
English breakfast tea ? It's just normal tea.
There was no foul there… surely? ?
#MCYvWUN. @USER Pathetic officiating already?
? I will never become full on vegetarian/vegan, BUT the more I expand my knowledge on improving nutrition &amp; overall health, the better that approach looks. As I dive more into health challenges that are prevalent within my family &amp; friends (heart disease, auto immune diseases, neurological diseases), research points to improving food choices for better nutrient density.
Amit killed those people. You should ask for his resignation rather. Narendra was not saying a word. If you want a bike, ask for a car.
@USER Modric and Viduka. @USER Makes sense. Pretty sure Viduka was born in Croatia.
That's damn shitty of Hugo Boss, what on earth with the chaps in the corner shop and the kebab shop call us now? Ma man.
Who of my friends here is going  to the cricket Sunday?

TBH I am expecting crickets as you are mostly a football mob. @USER I'll be working it.
My ex has the highest chance of dating me so caught feelings at your own risk. @USER ?? cant stand u.
सुना है सबकुछ मिल जाता है गूगल पर
 वफादार दोस्त चाहिए लोकेशन भेजना मुझे. @USER Yes am,I ok best'friends.
A Day In The Life or Baba O’ Riley? @USER Beatles.
It's actually illegal (UK) for drivers to do this on purpose to pedestrians now. I don’t think they did it on purpose, per se, but they definitely could’ve reduced the amount of splash by being aware of the road.
This was at the Coles in Hornsby NSW.
Flour, pasta, tuna, long life milk and ramen shelves were all empty as well. Same at the Coles in Tooronga Village in Melbourne.
@USER HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH. @USER Hahahahaah.
Who do you think should sing the next #JamesBond  @USER title song? @USER  @USER @thearmed.
Didn’t know we had mountains named after rashers! Other way round bud.
Reminder Brexit really wasn’t about a US trade deal, it wasn’t really about an economic doctrine. It was really about believing your nation state is where the highest form of govt should lie. It was basically about democracy. @USER 13% of our legislation was adopted from EU directives. UK proposed and wrote a significant number of the EU laws we then enacted. Everything else about our laws were ours anyway. People were deceived into thinking that our paltry pensions and health service issues were EU based.
If you had to gift me the last thing you purchased, what would I be getting? @USER Lol ...sorry anti-diarrhea medicine.
@USER Who you talking abt me ?? @USER i would never !
Government to Scientists: urine trouble. Hands where I can see them. /r/punpatrol requesting backup.
Watched a documentary (think it was in Canada) a while back where they had safe centers where people could get clean needles, be supervised by medical staff while using controlled substances and offered rehabilitation programmes and not be threatened by police 
None of the drugs had been decriminalised but the state has recognised an epidemic and offered a safer system to those at the highest risk levels.
I don't think at this point decriminalization would do shit. we've an rooted black market supply chain that isn't going anywhere, best thing the state can do is provide early education into the long term effects of drug use, heavily change the support infrastructure for those caught in addiction cycles and stop treating em like dregs and leaving em in back alleys. We have legislation permitting a safe injection facility on the cards for the last 5 years. It's been blocked multiple times from planning permission objections. Hopefully it will eventually get built. Once we have one others will follow. One day we'll hopefully have a place like this for drug users to go and access harm reduction facilities.
Putin bragging about modern nuclear weapons whilst sat in front on 1970s phones. Knob! #skynews #RussiaInvadedUkraine #Putin. @USER They looked like the ones in the Stasi museum in Berlin.
My twitter feed really needs more Caulfield track prediction tweets. Honestly. @USER Heard they’re transferring the meeting to Newcastle.
Guy not only fractured his femur during baseball, but dislocated part of the bone. That's two years ago, and according to social media he is still rehabilitating. That isn’t good.
URL 
&#x200B;
some sample survey. So the same Indian American's who support Modi, support the Democrats?
Seems like I'm the only one getting the joke that "muck" is pig in Irish so he didn't see any at the port. Thank you sir, the island in the picture is also called portmuck and there were sheep on it. I can only see that as a satirical rip at pigs.
@USER  @USER Oi. @USER  @USER  @USER Don’t get the boys onto poor old Webbo now…! Admit if he’s your favourite driver too! You’re his…?
My 70+ Mum in WA has been waiting all day for a Telehealth to get a referral for a PCR - so much for taking antivirals ASAP  @USER 
#auspol. @USER  @USER  @USER He wouldn't care, he and his family would get instant attention. Absolute disgrace, worse than a 3rd world health system. Very scary! Hope your Mum is ok soon???
An unmitigated disaster - but the left wont care, they are so blinded by irrational hatred they cant see the massive gain every group of citizens has made in the last 3 years.
I genuinely feel sorry for that level of delusion. What makes you say that it will be an unmitigated disaster?
Are you on WhatsApp ...? @USER Yes baby girl ?
What was the first movie you saw at the cinema? @USER Jungle Book.
Do join  @USER and me on  @USER at 9 am. On all matters EU and of course Northern Ireland. 

And to all remainers who feared so chlorinated chicken but now want a deal with the US: Northern Ireland’s place in the UK trumps your new found sensibilities. @USER  @USER  @USER Good news for the Protocol

- Divergence from EU standards to facilitate USA deal no longer required. Will soften impact of sea border. 
- UK now being able to provide live data will reduce lorry checks to 1 or 2 a day. 
- NI Protocol Bill therefore no longer required.
What’s your favorite place to which you’ve traveled? @USER The Isle of Arran on the west coast of Scotland! Avril X.
Jar Jar Binks was supposed to be a Sith Lord and the big bad of the Star Wars prequels, but George Lucas screwed up the directing and then chickened out after seeing the public reception of the character.
See also r/darthjarjar. Oh the possibilities. I loved jar jar.
@USER  @USER He is trying a Remake, behna 
Original is #BharatJodoYatra. @USER  @USER  @USER This not a security risk but being in the middle of a flyover in Punjab , surrounded by commandos is?
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Paper Irish*.
@USER My ‘Chicken a la Benylin’ is famous in my house. @USER Could be the thing that tempts me back to meat eating.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Many congratulations,  @USER bhaiya. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations to you, too-  @USER It was the first #GBD paper we worked on in early 2020.
Don't get Chick-Fil-A often since it's a ways away from where I live and work, but I had a guy Thursday night steal my chicken sandwich as I was walking back to the bus stop.  I would have hit him if I could have caught him. Don't mess with my chicken.  As Joey on Friends said, "Joey doesn't share food."  I don't share chicken.
Hi Hindu, I'm Dad. Hi Dad, I'm Hindu.
@USER I had spotted the similarity. IBM worked on the system used to document them. @USER  @USER A tag system then watch where they go because you can be damn sure there are gangs this side of the channel too. Explain the asylum route, streamline and then offer a graded system of integration. Probationary period fuck up  and they get to do a season on St Kilda.
Try posting in /r/helpmefind. Done with embaressing typo.
First day of pax is over. Ive met up with so many amazing friends. Had the most amazing night out with them. Cannot wait for day 2 and alot more fun! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️.
9/11, no matter what you say or think, that was absolutely, 100% guaranteed... An inside, controlled demolition based, Governmental job. Think of the amount of people and coordination it would take to pull off something of that magnitude. Meetings, planning, logistics, coordinating travel, allocating resources, phone calls, emails and all those people totally cool commuting the worst terrorist attack in US history. Nothing of substance gets leaked, no one had a change of heart?
Being silent on Delhi genocide.


Granting permission to file case against KK.


Didn't provided any relief funds to affected people and area (Centre, Delhi Govt Yet to Provide Relief to Riot-Affected People: Fact-Finding Report).


You know what worse? We have AAP bhakts who are defending Kejriwal with their flimsy excuses, as if BJP bhakts weren't enough. I don't understand how people say he has been silent when many of AAP MLAs including Kejriwal have made many speeches and statements about the riots. 
As for the relief efforts, seems like they have been slow. But they are continuing to do the work.
@USER Isn’t it in our darkest hour that we most need the light. ? #Creeslough. @USER That’s true Joe….
@USER Won’t happen, it’s the biggest of bluffs in regards to what’s going on at the minute - countries like china don’t want to see that happen because of business so i suspect it’s just the only threat people take seriously. @USER Hope you’re right mate but a threat is a threat and these people in power are literally insane.
Possibly illegal. A merchant cannot just take money without a legal reason. 
I'd suspect the courts might take a dim view if the person whose bank account was raided took action. I'd think their bank would have something to say about their merchant facility too.
@USER Yet they Ok the return of torque converter automatics smh. @USER  @USER I think their launch systems are better for it.
BETRAYAL 
That's why AAP comes out as worst in this whole issue.
Congress wants to win LS, and they didn't hide it.
BJP wants to destroy democracy and establish Brahmin Patriarchy and they are not hiding it.
~~AAP~~ Kejriwal portrayed  himself as savior and a hero, one who fights for 'AAM AADMI' and when we needed him the most he showed his true colours, hiding in his cave like a snake in complete silence, Enjoying his CM ship for next 5 years, their would be another jumla the next election comes. A true politician.
You can check my comment history, I called him hero time to time and i know many of you too. Well, let's see how it all unfolds. I am not sure what the end game of AAP is, or what they were thinking when they didn't step up for the violence or let this sedition case happen. We will know in time. As said, AAP is another political party and is no different than others. That being said, perhaps someone should clariify exactly what made them take these decisions.
Next week marks 6 years since Brexit. It's been one hell of a ride. That promise of Brexit, of taking back control, won't be complete until Northern Ireland is out of the EU single market and the whole of the UK is free of Euro courts. @USER The ECHR is NOT an EU institution!!! It was literally started in part by Winston Churchill!!
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER The thing about this is we can’t blink now. We left him take Crimea and he has returned for more territory. I think he’s weak. I hope his own people will bring him down.
> A motel on the New South Wales South Coast has charged a guest $50 for writing what it described as a "defamatory" review.
> 
> Sharon Graham spent two nights at the Mollymook Ocean View Motel last week, and gave the motel a score of six out of 10 on the website Booking.com.
> 
> Ms Graham said the location was good but a bit noisy, and that she was unsure whether the motel offered daily room service.
> 
> "I thought it was quite a fair review," Ms Graham said.
> 
> Ms Graham was shocked when, having checked out, she received a second invoice which listed a $50 credit card fee for leaving a "false review" online.
> 
> The motel said the $50 will be refunded when the review is taken down.
> 
> "Social media bookings false review will be refunded if removed within 24 hours," the invoice read.
> 
> Motel management claimed the review was misleading and harmed the business's public image.
> 
> "The score is not even close to the average rating," the motel said. Hopefully enough people see this that the motel owners feel the consequences of their actions.
I didn't take the call personally (thankfully) but I heard the recording of a mother who found her 3yr old at the bottom of the pool. Her screams were truly horrific. oh shit. is the baby okay?
@USER जन्मदिन की हार्दिक बधाई, मैम. @USER Thank you so much?
Nationwide and open wide. Operation Transformation and menstruation masturbation.
Here's an article with more information:  URL 
>“As noted by the conservation officer, the polychromatic geometrical design has a resonance with the late Victorian architecture which is the predominant character of this part of the city centre conservation area and is considered to be an enhancement of the conservation area setting.”. > the conservation officer
Doesn't seem fit for purpose.
My Mom died. 
I just lost my best friend. I don’t know how to handle this. @USER Understand,BE STRONG!!
Meet like-minded friends 
Vet and follow anyone that 
gives this tweet a ❤️

Please Retweet. @USER  @USER How come I’ve politely asked you for a boost many times but you ignore me?
Is amazon reading whatsapp messages or Google keep notes?
I'm getting ads (in Boost) of the couple of things that were on the list to buy for household saamaan.. The list had five things.
Or it's just a coincidence they have lightening deals going on. Cookies. Every companies is sharing your data.
Attenborough wants the world to stop helping the starving victims of famines and pandemics and let them die
He will be cracking one out to coronavirus
I couldn't give the tiniest shit how well he narrates nature documentaries
He is fucking evil
Fuck David Attenborough
 URL 
Sending food aid to famine-stricken countries avoids the more fundamental problem of population growth, Sir David Attenborough has said, as he called for more debate about population control.
The renowned broadcaster told the Daily Telegraph the world was "heading for disaster", and without action the "natural world will do something".
"What are all these famines in Ethiopia? What are they about?" he said. "They're about too many people for too little land. That's what it's about. And we are blinding ourselves. We say, get the United Nations to send them bags of flour. That's barmy."
He admitted the issues had huge sensitivities, but insisted it was important to "just keep on about it".
One area of concern, he said, was about the right to have children. "To start with, it is the individual's great privilege to have children. And who am I to say that you shan't have children? That's one thing," he said. "And the last sensitivity – and the most tricky of all – is the fact, when you talk about world population, the areas we're talking about are Africa and Asia, you know.". Hes asking valid questions tbh.
I'd use aircraft to drop pallets of supplies over affected areas. Clearly, anyone a pallet lands on wasn't meant to survive anyway. Some pallets may contain weapons also, for my own amusement. I don't think going full Fortnite is a good idea...
Lol Christmas Island is like next to Indonesia, hardly next to WA. Look at the tracking diagram in the article.
It conducted some mapping near Christmas Island, then came further south near WA.
Coming to Cincinnati for a couple days tomorrow! Would love to know what to eat, please! @USER otr dweller, Bagelry or Lils in cov for breakfast, lunch is sparse in otr but if you go to the banks E19 has a kale brussels sprout salad they’re famous for and they should be. Dinner at Che Argentinian or Wodka bar.
Officials are relying on Whatsapp and other private messaging apps for daily information exchange.   Even the sensitive ones.
Given the nature of these apps , sending highly sensitive information is very risky, 
So govt want to design a similar platform for its officials aiming at  security and keeping the data with in india. 
WhatsApp and other messengers store data in their own deta centers which are not often situated in india. 
Givin the techical literacy of many official,  third party apps are  too risky to transfer sensitive information. Well, that argument doesn’t make sense.
Just what is going to stop someone from hacking this service?
Or if it’s a private firm, just hack the private firm?
In contrast WhatsApp and signal are used by billions everyday, are regularly tested for bugs and breaches by a huge number of cyber security experts.
How precisely will this solution actually be safer, or as feature rich as any other product on the market?
And why the heck are we blowing money on this when we have a whole economy up in flames?
Currently stuck in Carlow. Guess I’m not going to work. People in Carlow have jobs?
Here's an article with more information:  URL 
>“As noted by the conservation officer, the polychromatic geometrical design has a resonance with the late Victorian architecture which is the predominant character of this part of the city centre conservation area and is considered to be an enhancement of the conservation area setting.”. > the conservation officer
Doesn't seem fit for purpose.
the hans zimmerfication of film music has done unimaginable damage. @USER The worst part are the Kontakt libraries created to sound "exactly" like HZ ?‍♂️.
I was scared initially because I wasn't sure how the stock market would react.  I lost money when the stock market dropped massively in the past few weeks.  Got out of those positions, switched mindsets, and now I'm back to making money.  In fact, coronavirus spreading has actually benefitted me.  Not saying that is a good thing, just trying to make the most of a bad situation. I have had people comment about the economy and i agree with you, while other parts dropped massively other parts rose, however i am interested to know now what your oppinion is on the actual virus and a possible mass outbreak?
Sorry if awkward, but does anyone else here masturbate to their classmates ? OkayJanu, for sure.
#AnCailínCiúin ? Best Irish film of recent years, no doubt. @USER  @USER Gan dabt  ar bith!
Bearer Party, to the pub - quick march. Bearer Party, lift tankard. Bearer party, down beer. You’ve earned it. @USER I thought you hated the Royal Family !
After 9 years of failing to deliver training and skills Suusssaaan Ley’s answer is to throw the elderly into a building site. I could just imagine an 80 something woman building a house? We are really witnessing the leftovers- Bubble and Squeak? @USER  @USER The SUSS bitch has never had a portfolio that she has not hated. Does she honestly have a positive bone in her body? Or is she just another Murdocrazy/LNP stooge whose life's ambition is to take the heat off the puppet masters?
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER ?? Definitely hope it gets better from here MC!!
Biryani and icecream for lunch. Sunday done right bois and grills. Day well spent already 
Niice :).
Checked my bank account and I think my wife and I are in dire straights.
I really hope she knows some of the chords. @USER An old guitar is all he can afford….
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. No, no it's not, it's just Wooster, you have to go and live in France now, your rights are revoked.
That’s just the culture of pop punk and metalcore though, music for those who are mentally 13.
(sorry if you like metalcore)
EDIT - gonna keep this comment up because apparently people can’t discern that pop punk/metalcore is vastly different scene to all the other types of metal. 
It’s an extension of 2000’s scene/emo kid culture and is far more toxic than any actual punk/metal shows.
To anyone in Brisbane think The Brightside vs Crowbar and the different crowds there. Ive had the opposite experience with fans of the metalcore and punk/metal scenes in general. Ive never had an issue, and like anything it's a few bad apples that ruin the whole scene. 
Now I have seen douche bros countless times act like this towards people of varying genders, cultures and sexualities.
I got caught up in a thread. Its seems some guy named Nick is not a nice person. I think he might have played for the Cubs. Or maybe it was the Bears. If you know who this is, please let me know. Thanks. @USER Unfortunately Mary, there’s a lot of not nice people in here. Most of them are either Braves or Phillies fans.
AITA for throwing my sister in front of a train
Little bit of back story: My sister just bought me a apple watch, it wasn't the newest so I was super pissed. Like what the hell? Who buys an apple product and not the newest? But anyway I was annoyed all day. It was my birthday and my dad bought me a new Ipad which was nice altough only the 128 GB version and I asked for the 256 GB.
So to the point. I was at the train station with my sister and my. And I put the Apple watch my sister gave me on craigslist for free to pick up. (Who's gonna use that trash LMAO) So my sister saw me do that. She got angry at me like what the hell? So as the train came up to the platform I pushed her in front of it.
I am now faced with charge of murder, like wtf she got what she deserved. I am now posting this from her funeral laughing my ass off.
Was I the asshole? I don't think I did wrong neither do my friends and 4 million instagram followers. This is just a waste of time smh... this is old.
@USER  @USER Your a bender. @USER  @USER Disappointed bro.
We know it's tough for Musicians! You simply don't get paid enough for the art you make.

If it was up to you. How would you modify the music industry? @USER  @USER Make streams pay properly.
@USER Que Dios bendiga su alma,Oscar, al final todos nos vamos, lo importante es que su vida tuviera significado y tuviera una vida VIVIDA, solo tengo que mirar tus ojos en tu foto para saber que tipo de hombre eres, tu padre tuvo un buen hijo. solo hay luz donde ellos van. @USER Gracias macho.
my mom made me watch i spit on your grave (the first one) when i was 7-9. shit was traumatizing. a 7-9 year old watching a woman got raped even though it was acting. What the actual fuck?!?
#IndvsSA 3rd ODI New Delhi
The Sun is finally out The clouds have dispersed The chances of play brightens subject to condition of the pitch &amp; ground 
The empires will survey the ground &amp; the pitch at 1 PM to decide
Let's wait &amp; watch. #IndiavsSouthAfrica 3rd ODI New Delhi
Start of match has been delayed due to wet ground conditions Even toss has not taken place
Let's wait &amp; watch.
@USER No bother to her has mammys genes. @USER Not so sure Gillian….am in Dublin this week minding Jack… #DistractionIsGood!
Say usual place again. The ushe.
@USER At least it wasn’t comfort gems. @USER Omg can you imagine!!!
Are you Afraid to fly? I am. @USER Only when my arms are tired.
I don't want to alarm anyone but the coronavirus will soon spread in an irreversible way. The first means of contamination are bank notes, don't touch them.
Wear gloves and place all notes in a sealed envelope and leave them by your front door, message your address.
Tomorrow morning I'll come by for collection and elimination, I'm doing this for the good of public health! Don't thank me... U r too dangerous to be left free...
According to a book written by Patrick Radden Keefe, the prisoners were ready to accept a deal of some kind but Gerry Adams blocked the proposal as he thought there was too much ground to be made with the resulting propaganda. I cant see that being true but if it were then things should have been a lot different for the men that died. I hard that Maggy was secretly prepared to gice in on some things but the propaganda value was too strong for the IRA. Was that author the one who said there were threats to some of the hunger strikers families if they came off, or was that someone else?
Haha he was talking about this on RHLSTP, without naming the brand.
Edit: I meant Matt Morgan’s “Funny How?” podcast. Also Matt Morgan's Funny How? 
Unfortunately that podcast doesn't have a fun to shout acronym. 
MMFH!
What SONG did YOU listen to TODAY? @USER REM what's the Frequency, Kenneth ?
@USER It's cruel and it's false. @USER Just lazy. My aunt quit smoking young, ate like an athlete in training, and ran all over her NH farm. My mother never smoked, loved sweets, ran all over the  Methuen Mall. My grandfather got sober, never stopped moving, ate what he could afford. They were dealt their destiny.
helping Romila Thapar buy a phone is the highlight of my month (and most probably my year). @USER It's good that we admire our great historians, her work is incredible but I personally believe that being an educated person we should believe in such things, if you could have helped her in producing new work or produce your work by yourself and much more things are there to be.
You'd save about €600 a year assuming you only have the standard single persons tax credits. 40%? On an income of 18k? No.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER  @USER Yes I support all workers whatever action they believe required to Remove the Tories ASAP.
@USER Can it just be branded as electronic music and then differentiate by calling it good or bad? @USER Not really.
Happy Birthdaaaay  @USER ?? @USER Thanks love! ?
Choose headphones that are clear. Bass can be increased with a pro equalizer like viper or equalizer pro. I suggest any Sennheiser in that range. No bro, you won't get real bass like that. I already have good earphones from audio Technica, this one is specifically for watching movies with a subwoofer feel, it's impossible to get that experience using software.
@USER Beautiful. @USER Thanks ?
We need more hydro. I mean look at all of the opportunities to relieve flooding, control levels and generate power at the same time. Yeah but stopping sediment delivery downstream is bad news for coastal deltas and can lead to subsidence. Also disastrous for fish.
I know a few people who are acting like it is doomsday stocking up on everything.
I know several people that don't give a shit.
I know some people that are just avoiding crowds/sick people/using common sense and washing their damn hands.
Honestly, if you didn't give a shit about flu season for the past two decades, why are you acting so scared or proactive around covid virus? Media attention to some degree, but there it currently has about the same CFR as the 1918 flu.
Slowing the spread while a vaccine is developed has the best chance of limiting fatalities.
In ONE WORD, what prevents most people from succeeding in music? @USER Trends.
Don't use tinder for finding marriageable guys, it's not meant for that. Okay!
I'd say it'll be sickening. It'll go viral.
You can get turkey unicorns and things these days. They're just reshaped turkey Dinosaurs/Jetters/Drummers. Sad face.
@USER  @USER But have you learned anything from a post grad mature age student from the University of Western Sydney? @USER  @USER With a class three honours but a PhD assessed via interpretive dance.
@USER Happy birthday Fatboy !! @USER Thanks Reda ‼️‼️?
I think they are trying to keep this thing in the news until Bihar elections, just before the election they will execute them and ask for votes on that. why didn't they do this for Delhi elections ?
Anyway, I wonder who is financing these rapists to file so many petitions, pay for lawyers ?
I'm sure someone who describes themselves as a "professional lover of movies, games, TV, etc" won't be out of work for too long......... Can't tell if this is sarcasm or not....
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER People I consider friends haven't come near me since Mammy died in January. It really hurts.
You know, I thought about this for a couple minutes, and I really don't have one. Man that's sad... Well what’s your not so secret kink?
Being silent on Delhi genocide.


Granting permission to file case against KK.


Didn't provided any relief funds to affected people and area (Centre, Delhi Govt Yet to Provide Relief to Riot-Affected People: Fact-Finding Report).


You know what worse? We have AAP bhakts who are defending Kejriwal with their flimsy excuses, as if BJP bhakts weren't enough. I don't understand how people say he has been silent when many of AAP MLAs including Kejriwal have made many speeches and statements about the riots. 
As for the relief efforts, seems like they have been slow. But they are continuing to do the work.
@USER Fantastic Elaine. Congratulations to the young man ⭐? @USER Thanks so much Donna.
@USER Have you tried camomile tea? Why don’t you go to bed earlier? Don’t have coffee After 12. Don’t overthink things. @USER I'm gonna do a fight all over you, Laverty.
@USER Happy birthday my Bloggers favorite Blogger. @USER Thank u cuz.
Can they name the fucking company so the employees know to look for any sign or symptoms. Someone said Shell but no confirmation on that.
@USER Which resort hotel is that? @USER I thought I tagged it! Hilton Hurghada Plaza.
Over 80% of real estate purchases in developed markets are backed by a mortgage

New marginal buyers are being pushed away due to higher mortgage rates coupled with the increase in house prices

Real estate is by far the biggest asset class in the world

Look at the big picture. @USER Yeah and each time the UK shows potential signs of weakness gov pulls its magic wand and cuts the stamp duty.
@USER  @USER I rate this tweet, hopefully we’re saying at the end of the year that the change in coach has resulted in significant improvement for all of them. For me, I’ve been most concerned about Zach Reid and Nik Cox, these are players that could have enormous upside. @USER  @USER  @USER Tall players take time to develop. Takes time for them to build their bodies as they are usually string beans as youngsters.
@USER Good morning Lee!! Today is s new day! @USER Yes it is.
Can anyone redirect me to the right kind of n95 masks to be used as precaution? Would appreciate any links. Wash hands 
-When you Wake up
-Every 2-3 hours with proper soap and hum along to a song, atleast till you reach 3/4ths of the song approx 5 mins 
-Before you go to bed.
Of the top spenders:
Latvia - To deter Russia
Estonia - To deter Russia
Greece - To deter Turkey
Cyprus - The other half of their island is occupied by Turkey
France - Involved in multiple engagements around the world. Takes a lead in European defense. Maintains an expensive modern nuclear deterrent.   
There is an argument for contributing more to defense in the region as a whole that said.
What does Ireland need to deter? Russia is the obvious party who would target Ireland. 
We're a massive host of American tech companies. Targeting Dublin with online attacks, etc, would cause huge economic damage to the west.
@USER  @USER  @USER My energy bill has gone up with British gas from £68 to £242 how is this possible please advice. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It hasnt your dd has not the same .Dont do it .
Andrew Thorburn bigot must be fired 

Haneen Zreika must be respected for her religion

Care to explain this to me? @USER Christianity sucks??????
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER A$$ hole.
Any idea why Infosys futures is at 24-25 buck discount to spot? Dividend is only around 16 or so? @USER Buyback and dividend ???

Why are they emptying cash reserves in such conditions for nothing?

Isn't this the time to stay in cash and grow by takeover due to precarious interest rate situation.

Something isn't right!!!!
Seems like I'm the only one getting the joke that "muck" is pig in Irish so he didn't see any at the port. Thank you sir, the island in the picture is also called portmuck and there were sheep on it. I can only see that as a satirical rip at pigs.
In Oz we call crisps, chips and chips, hot chips. Hard habit to break. But crisps aren’t hot.
@USER Chilling on Twit, while recovering from 3 dental extractions. Call me Gummy. @USER Poor bugger,did you have to take out a lone. Ian.
Last Saturday night was homecoming and today  every single kid in my son's friend group tested positive for Influenza....so yeah..now is a good time to get your flu shot. @USER Oh no!!
Sikhs Never remain Behind in helping ,be it Kashmiris or Muslims.
Kashmiri People outside Kashmir consider themselves safe if they are in PUNJAB.. Who told you.. Punjabis are Muslim haters too. Their religious gurus were tortured by Mughal emperor. Punjab suffered a lot during partition. They are also good at advertising themselves. He must be a good old noble man but every Sikh is not like that.
@USER  @USER please share your advice . @USER  @USER Just saw. Will do ?????
Damn, for a sec i thought its from a videogame. lol I thought this was modded Morrowind at first.  Think its the way the sky looks in the background.
@USER That’s the 1 Million $ question. Exactly!!! @USER I guess, we were all shocked by Pell and his vile evidence.
I'm not very sexually driven, but a i think an oddly cute look on girls is a oversized hoodie with short shorts on, idk why, and no not like a vesco girl, I would rather stab my eyes with forks. *tesco.
@USER First check if how many subsidiary co they have. Most of MNC have cent percent subsidiary co and all new business goes there in many such cases. @USER True.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER is there anything any of you could do to raise the issue of a seriously delayed child renewal ; holiday booked since 2019 &amp; fly 2/7 and no urgent slots available at midnight on any night ! We can't be the only ones. After 2 months,1 week &amp; 3 days our child renewal has gone to print @PassportIRL.???? We had finally secured an urgent appointment (after a full day of clicking refresh)for this afternoon . Typical. Thanks to customer service for your help. Now to wait for the post. Thankful.
Morning, just heard from my landlord my rent is going up. #ToriesDestroyingOurCountry #ToriesUnfitToGovern. @USER Is it in writing..? If not, rise not legally enforceable....
This week’s Dutton #Insiders bingo card to include the following words/phrases (have a drink for each one heard):
Aspirational
Stage 3 tax cuts 
Labor tax grab
Spiraling cost of living 
Union thugs 
ISIS fighters
National security 
People smugglers 
China
… other suggestions? @USER Love your work!
@USER Was gonna tank this next expac but to my surprise I might be going heals instead if my old guild gets back up! Never healed before but I welcome the new challenge and im going mistweaver. @USER 1) good call on MW and 2) I use Healbot to help me heal, but there are other addons that do similar things.
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER C. 12MP

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy.
@USER I had spotted the similarity. IBM worked on the system used to document them. @USER  @USER A tag system then watch where they go because you can be damn sure there are gangs this side of the channel too. Explain the asylum route, streamline and then offer a graded system of integration. Probationary period fuck up  and they get to do a season on St Kilda.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER Scary times John.
Good morning world, enjoy your Saturday ? @USER On my way to Australia so I can watch the eagles game lol..
?Good Morning Friends??‍♀️Welcome to Thursday/Friday Eve?Today is all about preparation⚠️It’s “International Day For Natural Disaster Reduction”???With climate change turning extreme weather into more deadly disasters, it’s vital to prepare for the worst‼️. @USER Good morning Irma, happy Thursday have a great day.?☕️??☕️☕️.
True. Back in 1993 or the IM run from 2004-2007, the bombings felt unfair because neither governments nor society supported babri. Babri was carried out by what was seen as a fringe extremist group, but everybody in society paid the price. I have no problem calling those bombings terrorism.
But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism. Government, judiciary, media, police, bulk of hindu society itself - are arrayed against them. If they are forced into a fight they didn't want in the first place, it's not terrorism but resistance. Bhagat Singh might have thrown bombs, but he was not a terrorist - he was a resistance fighter. As a Muslim this is exactly what they want us to do- react with violence on a large scale. All it will achieve is with more innocent bloodshed and allowing the RSS-BJP terrorists to come back to power in 2024 with even greater majority by gaining the sympathy of the majority who will see them as saviors. The Sanghis basically use the Israel model of unity through hatred which works because most Indians(including Muslims) are communal in nature irrespective of educational background. The problem is not Hinduism or Islam. No religion encourages violence or hatred. The issue is the politics of this country depend on the exploitation and brainwash of it's naive population who blindly believe the Divider in Chief as long as he makes bullshit promises of safety and prosperity and no matter how many times he fucks them they will gladly bend over and take it. Hitler used the same type of propaganda the Sanghis use and if people don't think it works- have a good look at the state of this country.
i like this lady. she had no right under 'ancient law.' fucking fantastic. low level drug crimes means pot right? Yeah I read a story about her growing weed for her own use aswell.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER Shameful and embarrassing.
What is a quote from a fictional character that has stuck with you ever since? @USER "never ever say never ever" Macgruber giving advice to a "rookie' before creating a distraction by confronting the enemy -naked with celery up his bum.
it's not a real courtroom, both parties agree to let her act as a dispute settler. if either side doesn't like the outcome, they can just go through a real court. That’s not true at all.  She is a real judge and the rulings are legal.  They can’t have the case they represent in her court active anywhere else.
चुनाव आयोग ने उद्धव ठाकरे गुट को आगामी विधानसभा चुनावों के लिए जलती हुई "मशाल" चुनाव चिन्ह आवंटित किया है।पार्टी का नाम होगा "शिवसेना उद्धव बाला साहब ठाकरे" 

महाराष्ट्र के मुख्यमंत्री एकनाथ शिंदे के गुट की पार्टी का नाम "बालासाहेब बालासाहेबआंची शिवसेना" होगा।. @USER Bahut Late ho Gaye Sir, Update karne me.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Home insurance. Named item. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Does that cover you when you're out and bike gets lifted?
@USER Good news for “Luxenbourg” for Arc as long as rain keeps away it should be fine A class act should have been unbeaten only one mishap when he stumbled coming out of the stalls in 2000 gns at Newmarket did really well to finish 3rd Now back to his best  @USER @EUtopean. @USER  @USER  @USER The weather looks pretty promising Reg.
@USER  @USER  @USER Best news Paul. Massive congratulations. This is very exciting❤️. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Susan! ❤️.
What new band are you listening to? Ooh I like that one! Always on the look out for good music. So what new band are you listening to? :).
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER We are forwarding your complaint to the concerned department for necessary action. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Sir, no action has been taken to date. Please take urgent action in the matter.
@USER No way!! It's literally NEVER too late to learn, to live, to love. We only live once: grab every moment of joy you can!! ❤️. @USER Thank you. Pain gets the better of us sometimes. ??
@USER Nobody cares about your sexuality. @USER  @USER You might not but the stigma around gay players in football is real if you like it or not.
So close to 9ct. I kept dropping it on the scales hoping somehow it would tip over but it didn't :-(.
on tonight’s episode of parenting:  I have shattered my child’s little heart into pieces by explaining that she is not, in fact, my little sister ? @USER Okay but that is adorable!  Poor little sweetie though. Children’s minds are awesome!
While I am skeptical with comparing India with Pakistan and Bangladesh, we are definitely heading the way of Hindu Pakistan. There is active incitement of violence by BJP and I believe that is to provoke a reaction that can be used by them to trigger a religious war. We are now caught in the vicious cycle of usage of religious hate to ignore problems of importance (economy, jobs, farmer distress etc) which further shifts the focus away from these problems. I am sure after this Delhi thing calms down, BJP will trigger havoc through something else. >sceptical with comparing India with Pakistan. 
>india is headed the way of Hindu Pakistan. 
ఠ_ಠ.
Is there anything I can say other than “the President rode his bicycle into a tree”? @USER Your boss has a funny name.
Good morning everyone, enjoy your Wednesday. @USER Morning Andy.
Top of the risk mgt morn. @USER Morning.
Divorcees often go to counseling to heal from a divorce, but what about their children? Please consider them during and after a divorce, even if they seem to be doing fine. @USER One of r neighbors for whom Kate used to babysit got herself frequent counseling,but was dismissive when Kate told her that her son&amp;daughter could use some help to—it really showed.
They’ve both turned out to be great young adults but it would’ve been great if they’d suffer less.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 50.
Happy out here - well rested and not hungover for the first Sunday in a few weeks :) It's a beautiful, sunny morning too.
Going for a walk now and will have to do a bit of study later on - have an exam Tuesday, keep the fingers crossed for me. Hopefully it'll be grand :)
Off to South Africa for a holiday with herself then on Wednesday - really excited, haven't had two weeks off work in a row since 2016 and very much looking forward to it!
Life is all good at present! Hope ye are all keeping well. I have two weeks off in a row coming up in May, first time since 2015.
I. Can. Not. Wait.
Good lick with the exam!
I don't get these complaints. Netflix. Amazon prime. Apple TV. Disney+ then hundreds of channels on sky/virgin I'm sure there's plenty other things to watch. 
Or read a book
Listen to the radio
Go to the pub
I don't like love island therefore I just do something else. Everything they're on is absolute gash anyway.
read the article!  This place smashed out 80000 cups a year. Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year! This is a good investment. So a cost-benefit analysis actually favours something the liberals have done?
Because of Julius and Augustus Caesar. Plus each got 31 days in their month, stealing from February, jacking the entire thing up.
Your actions have a way of affecting your character and you need to take this very seriously. Dishonesty should never be associated with you anymore! @USER Amen and Amen. I believe and receive I'm the Mighty Name of Lord Jesus Christ.
>I am going to butcher our National Anthem.
I'd say you've no need to worry about fitting in. Sinne Fianna Fáil... (minute of mumbling)... SEO LIBH CANAIG AMHRÁN NA BHFIANN!!!
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER No it's not ,he's a constant embarrasment and no role model.
@USER I wish there was a way to look inside. Always enjoy visiting the Air and Space Museum Annexe near Dulles. I think it’s better than the one on the Mall (currently closed). @USER  @USER The Udvar-Hazy Center is jaw dropping.
I want to post a cute thirst trap but I’m in so much pain from these damn TEETH. @USER Tooth, Root, and mouth pain.
Had to decline an offer to teach #jurisprudence at a law school, a subject I loved on account of ridiculously low pay. As a guest faculty, this did not even meet the threshold prescribed by the UGC. Universities need to start paying junior scholars more. #AcademicChatter. @USER I was being paid ₹500/- at mumbai.
@USER Great picture. @USER Thanks Helen.
But it IS the slab's fault, little fucker. I often wonder if anyone watching is a lip reader, as I usually swear at the little fucker.
@USER Also, have your tryouts started?
We had a huge turnout for both 12 and 14 girls. @USER Massive turnouts at Nunawading. Record numbers.
We are not COMIES. We believe In FREEDOM. K. I think you’re thinking about fascism.
@USER Damn this photography skills? @USER Thaaanks :D.
@USER Veganizing haggis*. @USER Thank you for recorrecting autocorrect.
There are kettles and toasters that hook into your WiFi that can be set to operate at a particular time or be controlled by your phone however you're still going to have to get out of bed to make tea and butter your toast. And are a security nightmare.
@USER What the fuck did I just watch. @USER Pure inspiration.
What’s happening in Iran?!? @USER Hopefully, the end of four decades of a theocratic banana republic.
Just lost few of my brain cells. "The Indian gene is covid19 resistant", roflmao lost all my brain cells at the very start!
My company have basically said we can work from home if we feel safer doing so... but only with our direct manager's approval.
But no one has the stones to make the first move on my team. Plenty of other teams have people at home now. But my team get the vibe our manager would be a bit shit if we started.
Honestly I would definitely feel safer. I can work 100% remote, and my office is  giant open plan with nearly 1000 people who are constantly travelling for work, so if this actually kicks off it'll be a fair nightmare for spreading. Just bite the bullet and ask better safe than sorry worst they can say is no.
Have three lots of family members visiting at different times today. Don’t intend to leave the house at all, going to sit on my arse and enjoy hot drinks all day, before going back to three walks to school a day tomorrow. My parents want to take the kids to Liverpool today, so might get a chance for some Sunday Xbox. 
I’m halfway through two weeks off work. I totally forgot about work, until now. Il spend the second half dreading going back to work. And, er, where is the mandatory dog tax?
What is the correct number of abortions for which a pro-life candidate should pay?

Asking for my evangelical friends. @USER 8 is my lucky number.
@USER  @USER I’m so glad you got away Miss Taylor and it ended well. You’re story is an inspiration to women all over the country and they need to hear it ? Plus you’re my favorite on 1010xl. ☺️. @USER  @USER Awe well thank you!! I really appreciate that!! ♥️.
Dei.. send me one parcel. Take that bike of yours and come to my neck of the woods, and I'll have a feast for you.
@USER Enjoy your evening sweetie?❤️
Have fun and safe. @USER Thanks Hoan ❤️❤️❤️.
You can smell the desperation. You can smell the Lynx Africa.
Yet strangely the seas are not rising in Sydney Harbour. or anywhere else including the Maldives  URL , this headline is a scaremongering farce.
WELL READ MY NAME AND TELL ME
(Thats a joke, im not a moron, its just that me and my friends have this joke going around of "horses dont exist" and i thought it would be sweet if i'd continue this joke besides them not quite remembering it). LMAO! 
I love it!
@USER Thank you so much! I truly feel so grateful for this! My heart is so delighted and I am not only happy but also extremely pleased, since this is an accomplishment of a milestone in my life. Thank you! @USER  @USER Congratulations ? Nehal.
Class. Another Irish sub. Any news on when reddit.ie is launching.
@USER It’s hard not to bite against such arseholes to be fair, but people have to try.

Now Richard Keys is doing it to try and get clicks. The twatty journalist having a pop at Gabriel’s tweet the same recently. Straight from AFTV’s shameless ‘act like c**ts for clicks’ playbook. @USER I block and mute, most of the time it works. 

There’s loads of Arsenal that appear to want to see AFTV, talk ? and Sky only to rant back, it tedious and boring.
@USER Everything, there is no god. Stop beleving in nonsens. @USER Believing.
@USER Just like sitting in traffic for a road paving project. @USER We have restrictions when we can and can’t hold up traffic ???
@USER I also noticed her at Daw Bari. Infact, all the photographers who went there to shoot Durga Puja has noticed her too because she's such a cutie. ? 

Loved the photograph! @USER You were there that day? This was during Soshti morning?
I don't even know or care to know the truth because this is so obviously clickbait rubbish. The bane of internet information, Jesus.
Does anyone have a decent news outlet other than The Guardian? Something that is simply information even, no clixkbait and sensational rubbish to entertain the lowest common denominator... RTÉ are fairly good for it.
everyone from Lincoln simultaneously: 'Did you know the Cathedral was once the world's tallest building?' 
Source: from Lincoln. I love the board in the Cathedral with the various incarnations of the Cathedral over the years. "That one burned down, fell over and then sank into the swamp, but this one stayed up!" (until the spire fell off).
@USER  @USER I think anarchism is going on the right wing campaigning. @USER  @USER  @USER I think anarchism is a must have for the church that is not true?
@USER Happy birthday Fat Bul. @USER Thanks Money.
Ironic how the European is the diseased immigrant when they complain so much about diseased Asians destroying their society. Oh please stop that kind of talk. Xenophobes exist everywhere in the world. You don't need to stoop to their level when calling out their xenophobia and bigotry.
@USER The silent English majority will put them back into power though, as always, gullible bastards.
Scotland out asap. @USER  @USER I really hope and think they are not the majority. Maybe I should take up fishing.
Hovis! They have now have a small statue/installation of bread loaf at the top of the street.
The lack of testing is a bit concerning. I know the tests are expensive but I think it would be worth doing a random sample on people with influenza-like symptoms. Better safe than sorry. I think a random sample of all people arriving at the airport would be more informative.
End life on Earth. aight ill go first.
मर्द के शब्द झूठे हो सकते हैं मगर आसूं कभी नहीं.. @USER G mem.
What sort of screening did they do? Blood tests?
There is no screening happening on flights to/from Ireland. The focus is currently on ensuring travellers are informed and having people self-report concerns. Probably an ocular patdown.
Ha ha. I’ve been there. Used to ride out from Garforth via Bramhope, Otley, Ilkley. If it was freezing or wet the Abbey was as far as I got. Moved to Dorset now and missing my old haunts. Enjoy. Thats a fair distance from Garforth. Dorset is lovely though but I don’t know what it’s like for cycling other than the time me and my wife took our tandem to Blandford Forum and set off only to be surrounded by hedges twelve foot high for what felt like hours! I’m sure we could have picked better routes !!
In unrelated news, bidet sales are through the roof. wish bum guns were a thing in Australia, so much better than toilet paper.
@USER Happy born day. @USER My dawg!!! Preciate it bro.
Bitch please, everyone knows it's Bernie Sanders that is triggering riots. Naaah, its Nehru.
What happened to png mafia. GIFMAFIA.
Nah its OK you were just being neighbourly. Thank you for your kind words but I'm still eating my Sunday roast with a side of mortification.
Unfortunately, this feels like a r/agedlikemilk post waiting to happen. I kinda want there to be a /r/ragedlikemilk subreddit where people post fights where someone was angry in a limp, dairy sort of way, with people mixing up the subreddits and posting to each other by mistake.
@USER Happy birthday bro ?? hope you have many more. @USER Preciate that cuz ??
"Mood kyu kharab hai?" Bhai meri puri zindagi kharab hai. @USER Awo may Tek kr do ?
What county? This would be in Wicklow!
It’s the day nineteen days before Spring starts? Hence the picture - Spring is around the corner.
No shit hardly wore a jumper for more a week or two last "winter". I wore shorts all winter here in Coffs.
When people just assume shit without knowing facts and believe it to be true. If I could I'd kill those people. I'm assuming you wouldn't actually kill them.
@USER I got these honey wax crayons on Amazon.  Let me check it and dm you. @USER Thanks man.. Got it.. I appreciate it.
@USER Happy Sunday Lana ☀️. @USER Happy Sunday John, ??
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. I lived in Worcester Massachusetts a few years ago. People there can say it correctly but visitors were pretty clueless!
There was a Leominster somewhere nearby too and no one said that right.
Who remembers that Saturday morning tradition of getting up at 9am and settling in front of the television to watch Video Hits? Recovery was far superior.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ??????
Seeing the rest of the Democrats show Bernie Bros what’s up has been delightful. Bernie is overrated. Warren and even Buttigieg was a better option than him.
Edit: I meant Warren, not Sanders.
Such a short term outlook by the governing bodies. The sport gets so much more exposure and interest (and new fans) by being on free to air, terrestrial TV. Cricket hemorrhaged fans when it went from Channel 4 to Sky years ago, same with Formula 1. I used to go every year to Hockenheim. Had my fixed ticket in the Südtribüne, awesome seats. Favourite memory was Irvine winning and Jordan coming third in 99. Brilliant weekends mixing with great fans from all over. Once it went behind a paywall I lost interest totally, stopped going as I no longer watched. Couldn't even tell you the teams in F1 now outside the old regulars.
I really hope the same doesn't happen to the rugby now.
Pasta pillows, yes. Pasta cushions even because of the frilly edge. 
But pasta teabags? No. Yeah that implies that you dip them in the water and then bin them before drinking your slightly pasta flavoured water.
Essendon has strong interest in Carlton midfielder Will Setterfield who remains out of contract with the Blues. 
Talks progress between the Bombers and the Setterfield camp but it’s one that’s set to elevate over the weekend @7NewsMelbourne. @USER  @USER Has Sheedy approved?
Bumping privates. Happy cake day!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब_जी_अमर_रहे. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब_जी_अमर_रहे 
#मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#बहुजन_महानायक.
No promises, but I think I’m going to finally drink a hard seltzer today as one of my shifties. @USER I may have missed this, are you very anti seltzers?
@USER Agreed...? @USER Thanks Mags ???
@USER Why can’t you take your date for dinner at Mamma’s? @USER Seriously though, if some lovely lady invited me on a date to eat Mamma’s cooking I’m there pronto. Also, getting a look at Mamma is a good way to predict how her daughter is gonna turn out in future years, so best make that investigation early!
@USER Per the 2018 commuter rail counts put out by the T, there were an average of 126 people using the three Weston stations in total per weekday.  You want to build this for 126 people? @USER  @USER we want to build it so more than 126 people are using it.
*Grabs Popcorn*
Oh wait, this post will get on front page. >dating matrimony
Yeah, maybe
>28F
Surely it will hit front page.
Why pay when NATO and the UK do it for free, eh? defending from who exactly ? The Uk has been the only threst to us.
Ah the old 'I've dropped my sweets' dilemma, do you scrabble around and pick them up putting them in the bag because you'll bin them later (liar); do you kick them under the nearest seat or hide them under your feet/bag until you can make a hasty exit; do you break down in tears at the latest shit hand life has dealt you?
Or do you just sit on the floor and eat them whilst making eye contact with all around you daring them to challenge your need for sugary goodness? I spilled a tiny bit of coke on the empty seat next to me and I had nothing to dry it up with, and because the seat was kind of waterproof it wouldn't soak, so I just had to desperately hope no one sat there until I could get off.
@USER Can’t be an easy trip - sorry to hear Oscar . Thoughts are with you mate . @USER Thanks G-unit.
The conspiracy about the music in pop songs nowadays. They have a kind of ring to them and that's what get children addicted to it. Like I'm the song "Middle", and Justin Bieber's "Sorry". They both have a high pitched sound in the background that I believe is the thing addicting people to the songs. It's supposed to be not farfetched conspiracy theories.
Political parties should never be tied so closely with religion. BJP should never have been a hindu party . All this bullshit would have never happened. Fuck religion for causing so much hate in this world. > BJP should never have been a hindu party .
That is all they have. Without religion angle, BJP is nothing.
I hate that Coillte is run as a profit centre, there's no reason for it. Maybe at the founding of the state when we were penniless, but there's no excuse these days. They should be looking after and promoting our native or re-planted forests, not planting foreign species that ruin the soil in the name of money.
My grandfather planted a wood that is enjoyed by people today, I'm glad the soil isn't good enough for Sitka spruce and so it's almost all native trees, but this is the rare exception. Coillte is kind of a pointless organizational to be honest. They aren't even really run as a money making organizational because they can't apply for grants in regards to the planting of commercial forests anymore after the EU smacked the Government down for doing it. Everyone else can though so they can't compete on price.
What a twat. How so.
Are they some sort of um, niche club or brothel? That could explain the $50/hr pre-checkin fee!
We just outraised Greg Abbott — again.

Now we’re going to defeat him. That’s how we overcome his extremism and move Texas forward. @USER Money won’t get you elected.
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Yesterday's Republic tv debate was about why PM is leaving Twitter.... They came up with the fact that twitter is spreading fake news(they gave examples too) and therefore namo is trying to tackle it (and ofcourse they support him) ... Now i wanna know whether they are going to say that Namo isn't doing anything against fake news.
We've been told not to travel and I've some eejits being like I'm not cancelling my holidays I just wont tell work and come back in and I'm like...I fully hope you're struck down over there (we have a work from home option like). Same thick cunts will be giving out over the health service not being able to cope when they're the exact fucking people who will have actively played a part in the virus spreading quicker
I'd stop interacting with someone so fucking thick.
@USER Did no one at #cpfc plan for the inevitability of this? @USER You would hope someone might have done. Risk assessment and all that.
Headache and stomach ache, my legs gonna fall off tomorrow. @USER This is no good….
@USER  @USER I think anarchism is going on the right wing campaigning. @USER  @USER  @USER I think anarchism is a must have for the church that is not true?
@USER Happy Birthday King. @USER Thank u Tai Tai ????
On demand Hyderabad's luxury hostels/pg's/hostels helper.. #Hyderabad

My Charges are below... In note.. 

NOTE : my charge is only ₹999 which is non-refundable and need to be paid before starting the process. If you are OK with it then only WhatsApp or call me on 9000539552. #Hyderabad #SingleOccupancy #doublesharing #womenhostel #menhostels #PGS #payingguest #womenshostel #security #hostel #workingwomenspg #Hyderabad #luxury #hitechcity #madhapur #gachibowli #corporate #Kondapur #mumbai #delhi #noida #bangalore #jaipur #maharashtra #tamilnadu.
The issue isn't housing, it's why the fuck does everyone want to live in Dublin!! Because you just CANNOT get a decent skinny frappa wappa cuppa cappa chineey weeeny once you pass the M50..........
It's Benadryl Custardbath-get it RIGHT! It's actually Benecol Camembert, surprised you'd make that mistake.
Greed and panic. I have no problem using rags or hopping straight in the shower if need be. Exactly bruh hop in that shower and wash that ass for 30 seconds and be super duper clean.
Hitter didn’t die the way history says. Pitcher did tho.
@USER Magar ye ho na saka….. @USER  @USER अच्छा ही हुआ l नहीं तो Amitabh would not have survived the Coolie punch...
I have COVID, I live alone and I am very sad. Please send pictures of your dogs. @USER So sorry, its horrible. Get yourself onto  @USER and binge feel good programme's like #DerryGirls #WorkinMoms Feel better soon.
It's jokes like this that makes this my favourite sub - stuff Americans won't get. Can confirm, am American, don't get it. That's okay
New England is best England.
@USER  @USER  @USER yes, this is great!! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Jane! X.
Start your day off right, with the stimulating news that Alex Jones is no longer allowed to run his InfoWars company, per a federal bankruptcy judge.

ENJOY! @USER I Feel Better Already ??
While I am skeptical with comparing India with Pakistan and Bangladesh, we are definitely heading the way of Hindu Pakistan. There is active incitement of violence by BJP and I believe that is to provoke a reaction that can be used by them to trigger a religious war. We are now caught in the vicious cycle of usage of religious hate to ignore problems of importance (economy, jobs, farmer distress etc) which further shifts the focus away from these problems. I am sure after this Delhi thing calms down, BJP will trigger havoc through something else. >sceptical with comparing India with Pakistan. 
>india is headed the way of Hindu Pakistan. 
ఠ_ಠ.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Looking forward to it!! ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You're in for a KILLER gig Sooz! ?✊?
@USER Hey you should be in central Australia. We discovered the legs and feet of the largest bird on earth, Dromornis stirtoni. What a find. @USER That’s amazing!! Probably far too old for me, though ?
@USER Why can’t you take your date for dinner at Mamma’s? @USER Seriously though, if some lovely lady invited me on a date to eat Mamma’s cooking I’m there pronto. Also, getting a look at Mamma is a good way to predict how her daughter is gonna turn out in future years, so best make that investigation early!
Finding Nemo. That shit was scary as fuck. Shat my pants only looking at the title, never scare me like that again man.
Why has Reddit become so religiously biased. Every  religion has stuff that is practiced because guys wake the fuck up ... Religion is imagined more imagines and fiction than real.
It's hocus pocus done by a guy wearing fancy clothes. 
Stop taking the Koran literally, it's a book of wisdom not a Standard operation procedure because it was written for a different time. 
Stop taking the Bible very seriously, a lot if it was written way after Jesus was no more.
Manusmriti the hindu guidebook is ridiculous and makes for a good read to understand the wisdom of the time and that's that.
That being said religion is magic to those with faith. So when you make fun of one faith they retaliate and make fun of another. Hurt and pain begets hurt and pain. It's a bad cycle.
So dear reddit stop saying religiously inflammatory shit for any religion. 
I know I am guilty just the same and hope that my realisation transcends in you too. Spotted the cow piss drinker ^.
@USER Really worrying seeing how long people have been waiting for their luggage. I'm quite concerned about mine now. It was taken by mistake by another passenger with an identical case but if they're trying to contact you to get it back to me it will be impossible. @USER Absolutely no one seems to work in customer service. Agents on here tell me to call the baggage number but no one is ever available.
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER Union firmly secured " ? ?
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaww !
Their capacity for self-delusion is limitless !
The government needs to urgently put out an ad campaign on how to cover your coughs and needs to make it clear that it’s antisocial behaviour. Every time I go out 99% of people cough into the open air. I’m just amazed at the ignorance of people. They probably don’t wash their hands either. Can confirm. I'm in Perth and I swear whenever I'm in a public bathroom half the people walk straight out without washing their hands.
So freaking frustrating. P. @USER What is Sooner Leesa?
Why do girls wear bra? 
One male friend has really big man boobs but he doesn't need any bra. Moobs and boobs differ in their aerodynamics.
Nothing better than a Sunday morning fry-up. Only question is… red sauce or brown?? ?? @USER Waitrose mayonnaise ??
@USER Beautiful ? @USER Gary’s a right stunner ain’t he.
Labor shouldn’t be debating whether to ‘tweak’ Clive Palmer’s tax cut from $9,000 to $8,000.

‘Tweaking’ Stage 3 cuts is not the answer.

Scrap the Stage 3 tax cuts for politicians &amp; billionaires &amp; spend the $ on dental into Medicare, free childcare &amp; affordable housing instead. @USER Scrap you and your party.
An unmitigated disaster - but the left wont care, they are so blinded by irrational hatred they cant see the massive gain every group of citizens has made in the last 3 years.
I genuinely feel sorry for that level of delusion. What makes you say that it will be an unmitigated disaster?
Iaintwotuthink is a genius lady. Dalali karna band karo
band karo
band karo.
Guys new and doesn’t know our first language is english, probably that. Could be confusion over the EU Irish English thing ?
 URL.
Wow! Maureen Lipman on lbc states “the Queen’s death has United the country including the Corbynistas and people live in the real world”
What a classless comment. @USER Why has a mediocre former actor been asked for a comment?
Wouldn't it be easier just for council to cover the sign in September and then uncover it in April?
5 minute job twice a year. We all know council would forget and the sign would stay up all yeat.
@USER You're a good example, Father, but unfortunately people make things a lot more complicated than they need to around here. @USER Thank you for your mutual understanding. God bless you! I appreciate your support! I don’t know why people take my tweet out of context and accused me of being harsh &amp; rigid? I pray for all who read my tweet today for mutual understanding.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What response did you get from UIDAI? As i am having same issue and i have placed the request and status is Refund in Progress (Dont know why) and i am not able to order again as some error. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER No response.
OK. Thanks for that. We appreciate your enthusiasm!
Listen, about the women, if you want them, you can have them. Maybe we can do a cultural exchange whereby we send you a few Gráinnes and Sinéads and you send us some Lunas and Danielas. Would that be a good place to start? Absolutely, whenever said Gráinnes, Sinéads, Lunas and Danielas are fine with it. I'm sure they as well are up to a cultural exchange. But jokes aside, i like those Irish names as well. They seem really natural and  unpretentious.
Adam We!
(I'm happy that's the second time I got to post this today). Nobody messes with Adam We.
@USER  @USER Who says that the allegations were false? @USER  @USER  @USER Are parley CBI also said fake allegations…# Chatu.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. The fact it blew up as a meme made so that now more people know that he didn't kill himself.
Why do we only rest in peace?
 why don't we live in peace too ?
? @USER Good ?
Um....please don’t go back to work tomorrow. You should be self isolating! It's OK, Lord Kilclooney has you covered:
"Better for everyone that you are locked up for 14 days"
Apparently it's not a parody account, he's really that bad.
It's Sunday. It's always carnage. but it normally  doesnt look like, some has set up an illegal pitch at a market, trying to flog something that fell off the back of a truck.
I love the term 'fossicking'.  Picked up a half oz nugget in Victoria a few years back. Saying "fossicking" never gets old lol. That's awesome about the gold. Was it just in the Bush or did you dig or pan for it?
Wanna know something funny I have never had an award. Not a very innovative way to try and get one either.
We once used coins such as Annas, paise, even half annas! and one could survive a day! 
The rupee used to be made of silver which would be a day’s salary back then, then we made rupee from copper nickel alloy, now steel! I guess we’ll either demonetise one rupee altogether or make them from aluminium before the end of this decade! > We once used coins such as Annas, paise, even half annas! and one could survive a day! 
> The rupee used to be made of silver which would be a day’s salary back then
How old are you?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congrats and well done ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you flower shed.
@USER My ‘Chicken a la Benylin’ is famous in my house. @USER Could be the thing that tempts me back to meat eating.
So much for sticking up for the little guy, Nick?
Hopefully now people see Xenophon's true colours, and they aren't those of a "sensible centrist," but a cynical opportunist. fuck i hate that guy hope he rots with the rest of them!
Happy Birthdaaaay  @USER ?? @USER Thanks love! ?
Anyone optimistic about the future? Me.
@USER  @USER That’s a border poll (when it comes) losing strategy! @USER  @USER People like Bison don’t care about the economics, they just want to be part of the UK, even if it means having to  live in caves and subsist on nettle soup.  Their ‘precious union’ is sacred to them.
City Wok? City beef.
If that's the price that's the price. If they make a mistake it's their fault, not yours. 
As far as I know if they ship it without recognising the mistake they can't charge you extra.
Happens regularly in stores where a mistake is honoured even if both parties know it's a mistake. There's no legal principal behind this whatsoever. Larger companies will usually write off most of these mistakes to prevent bad PR but legally, if they have made a genuine mistake then your contract isn't valid.
@USER Be safe and have a great day! @USER You to ??☕️.
@USER  @USER 10. @USER  @USER  @USER OMG,u Robot.
I've done an extra shop of long date item. Rice pasta flour tinned tomatoes. All things that are on my usual list.
My son is immunocompromised so we may choose to self isolate as a family before the government makes it mandatory. 
That and I dont want to fight hoards of people for the last bag of rice in a weeks time once the government admit we are fucked! I've done the same. Sure we will get through it anyway if there isn't a shortage. I've stocked up for similar reasons as you. My son is immunocomprised.
I don't wanna be going out if there does end up being lots of cases!
Is there anyone else on twitter today that didn't watch any of the pageantry on the TV. @USER Me and all my family and friends..massive, cultish mournfest.
We are in Melbourne and nothing has changed at all. Went to Woolies today, no dramas. ??‍♀️. I just got back from our Coles in Melbourne and in the space of 24 hours:
-toilet paper gone
-pasta almost gone
-UHT milk gone
-tinned fruit low
-flour very low
-rice almost gone
-instant noodles almost gone
-muesli and cereals noticeably low
-almost all the big tins of tuna gone.
Wish it was as easy to quit smoking as it was to quit cokes. @USER It’s not easy but it sure is worth it. I quit 11 years ago and never looked back.
Sore throat and fever full family ? @USER Please consult doctor ?
I can give you some silverfish if you want. Omg they are so gross. I know they are fairly harmless but they can get to infestation level pretty quickly. Best thing to get rid of them is diatomaceous earth. Few different places sell it. Super effective.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER You need to delete this and take another take or two mate...All this just proves you are just as worried as the union, because you are trying too hard to defend!
Wake the fuck up Australia, you're getting robbed. Yeah it's those bloody dole bludgers we treat like criminals for being out of work, not the government siphoning billions to their mates.
If your Twitter Crush said “Ima be in your area a couple hours away, can you come and let me take you on a date?” Not a link, a legit date. Would you go? Or no? Are you scared? @USER I would and have. Met some cool ppl in the process.
Sorry if awkward, but does anyone else here masturbate to their classmates ? Yeah homie people jerk off watching dead cats, classmates are just normal for them.
@USER Iconic. @USER  @USER Brilliant pic.
Shocking. I cannot absorb this. This pun made me recoil in disgust.
Sorry to dampen your spirit.
What's going on is probably you look like a scruffy motherfucker.
Wait, I checked your post history:
>Charged with Dangerous Drugs Possession
Well there we go then. Bullshit charge or not you're on a list boyo. You're probably on the money.
@USER Happy Thursday Lee! @USER Thank you H.❤.
All these people who start feeling dizzy, nauseous after 30 kms of car ride with or without AC should be considered as weaker section human civilization and be barred from travelling. Motion sickness hai... If she has been diagnosed by a doctor before ask her to take the damn meds before traveling not when she starts feeling nauseous
If not... I don't know if there are over the counter drugs for the same or not...
Not defending her or anything but probably not nakhre... Somedays it happens... Maybe an underlying medical condition , maybe a bad day for her body... Just saying.
Gunter. Probably the only one here that I've never ever used.
Bearer Party, to the pub - quick march. Bearer Party, lift tankard. Bearer party, down beer. You’ve earned it. @USER Hey stephen, you are the king of twitter. Goodman.
Ow ? In Sydney’s wet, wrestled a green bin down the driveway in the slippery dark. Two knuckles hurting. Same two knuckles were fractured thirty years ago hitting a basketball, hoping they’re not refractured. On the other hand (groan), ambidextrous practice yayy. @USER Ouch! Hope they’re settling down now. Those bins are brutal!
@USER Yet they want to trash Mets fans? @USER  @USER Mets are golfing zip it ! The real baseball team fans are talking here !
Ek din mene JP ko fake birthday wish kiya tha. Sab karne lage. Phir pta chala ki sach me uska birthday hai. Oops! XD 
(Hope I’m right, jp?) O.o. Lol yeah. Coincidence and you got lucky xD.
Also were outside it... ....that’s why I posted it.
I have locked myself out my house lots of times. Its surprisingly easy to break into your own house. Ha. Do you mind if I break into yours then? cos I have to go to the parallel street and go through their house... Victorian terraces with new (locking) plastic windows can be surprisingly secure!
In research, it's not enough to be 99.9% sure, you have to be 100% sure. How many of you agree?  @USER  @USER  @USER @AcademicDilemma. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Depends on the context? Nothing in Biology is 100%. Do you need to be 100% sure that you sterilised the laminar flow before working with cultures? Absolutely. Does a result 100% prove a hypothesis? Not necessarily! It's all part of the fun ?.
I like that people always are worried that Epstein was murdered instead of suicide. What if this was a ploy to cover up that he just escaped or paid his way out of prison? Well considering his cell mate was Nicholas Tartaglione I’m pretty sure Epstein was murdered.
Saw a mosquito on the wall and for some stupid reason I thought a let’s punch him into bits, so I make a fist and thrust it into the wall and the mosquito flees injured and my hand is killing me.
It literally hurts like a fracture. Handwash karle.
Funny how for a generation, the people of Ballsbridge would’ve associated the swastika with that truck and every subsequent generation it’s associated with you know, fascism, genocide etc
Edit: shite grammar. *of the people of Ballsbridge.
@USER I'm quite excited for that West Lancashire by-election if Truss really does go all in on fracking. We may see a negative score in an election for the first time ever. @USER  @USER The Nimby paradox. Housing no. Energy no. Airports no. Anything no?
Cheap supermarket bacon is overseas pork, processed here into bacon. Cheap shitty product, buy local. Our IGA uses local pork and holy shit can you taste the difference. For only a small increase in price you get a vastly better product than Don/Primo.
While I can find plenty of them online, I've never met another Expanse fan. I've never met one either, but I don't go out much. They're out there. There must be loads of em.
आजकल के लोग गाय चराने में शर्म
 और कुत्ता घूमाने में गर्व महसूस करते हैं. @USER Right.
Thought I read somewhere they were shutting down.
Might have imagined it. *dreamed it.
The wind is fucking off, the problem is that it's fucking off very quickly, which makes it very windy. Technically the wind doesn't fuck off, it fucks in, from high pressure areas to low pressure areas.
Peter Dutton is on  @USER again this Sunday This is his third appearance since the election. @USER  @USER  @USER Haven't watched since just after Speers took over... Don't need his biased Murdoch ignorance in my life &amp; he does not even try to hide his, or the bias of 'our' @ABCTV..
Watch where the dog usually poops and shit there, no one will suspect a thing. This guy "yard poops".
@USER ఎవరు అవునన్నా కాదన్నా నల్లగొండ జిల్లా ఫ్లోరైడ్ భూతాన్ని తరిమికొట్టింది తెరాసనే... @USER  @USER Yes it's true.....Jai KCR Garu.
@USER Pagliuca didn't suspect a thing... Ronnie Whelans shin is a poor relation. @USER Agreed. Houghton’s goal is just absolute perfection.
@USER Weird behaviour there. @USER May be a bit weird to us today, but symbolic breaking of things is a very old tradition!
Because she invested her own money to have the place cleaned up and painted. Now the landlord can command more rent from a new tenant. This is exactly it. I don't know why anyone would pay money into another's investment.
I have a secret fetish for fat girls <3. I honestly think that this is getting more popular, or at least it is becoming normalized. There's a reason thicc girls are a thing now.
Lol. They said they will demand resignation of HM. 
Aiming for the stars I guess. With that attitude. We still would have been slaves of britishers.
Hi fellow chronically ill and/or disabled friends,

What's something about your chronic illness and/or disability that people around you don't understand? @USER That there is anything else wrong with me other than my legs not working.
@USER  @USER Name of this programme anyone??
Loved watching his docs growing up.. @USER  @USER Hi Fissyomi, this series is called The Mating Game, it explores the extraordinary range of courtship strategies animals use to win over a mate, from deserts to oceans &amp; jungles to freshwater habitats! You can watch it on BBC iPlayer, we'd love to hear what you think!?✌??
Fuck yeah. Means I don’t have to ration my toilet paper anymore whenever I have a pull. Yikes!!!
Let’s just focus on this, for this minute: PROMOTE AND OFFER OPPORTUNITIES to existing staff. Like, a very obvious, long held custom that seems not very en vogue especially by the population with thinly veiled disgust towards the youth’s work ethic. We can’t win w y’all. And don’t just promote the COUGH MOST PROBLEMATIC ONES. Ok logging off before I’m slapped w a hasty call, or worse, you know what. I’m just sayin ??‍♀️.
मर्द के शब्द झूठे हो सकते हैं मगर आसूं कभी नहीं.. @USER G mem.
Whereabouts. Bump. I'm also interested.
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER Should have happened years ago.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Laughs humorlessly in Melbournian.
@USER Definitely worth trying at that price. @USER That's what I'm hoping for!
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? Conservative. That's a nice way to spell fascists.
Just back from seeing a great play in the Civic Theatre in Tallaght called ‘No Magic Pill’. It’s about the life of Martin Naughton the late great disability activist. Highly recommend it. @USER At the 3pm show.
@USER Is it the perspective or are those stickers enormous?! @USER Just the perspective, I wish we had giant stickers ?
Can we stop putting “natural” in front of “gas”? One of the most successful greenwashing efforts of all time. We don’t call it “natural wind” or “natural sun” - or “natural coal”, for that matter. The nature of gas is that it’s a fossil fuel whose combustion causes climate change. @USER Methane.
Don't drink a lot of alcohol, don't smoke, lose weight, play the didgeridoo, sleep on your side or stomach. Rolf?
Tulsis take on American foreign policy is refreshing. But yes the bottom line is that she is indeed a Sanghi. She was asked about the post-godhra riots and her answer was telling. Tulsi's foreign policy is all over the place
 URL.
r/gatekeeping toast now?
For shame! I like my toast burnt and stake well cooked.
r/unpopularopinion ?
I got a Christmas card from an Indian takeaway. I think I’m going to get shares in deliveroo.
In unrelated news, bidet sales are through the roof. wish bum guns were a thing in Australia, so much better than toilet paper.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ? and will get it again. Who the hell cares about a Kevin Sorbo, whatever is was.
What you want to see inside a concrete jungle ?  Go to Shimla for some fresh air ! True that, that's what my opinion was when i visited the first time but wanted to give it another try so posted here...
@USER Good morning. @USER Happy Sunday Michael, I hope you're taking it easy ??
@USER Odeio-a tanto. @USER Samesies.
Everyone Is Still Grasping Jonathan Scott Tragedy, here is the full story. @USER Its not a tragedy. Its life. It goes on. He's fine.
Eff no. It is pointless what passes for education these days. I agree with u but it said people who like school.
That's because our secularism is still not cultivated as a value among the masses. Indian society continues to be feudal. We have failed in educating the masses in civic and moral education. Because practice of secularism  by the state from the start is flawed , state should be blind to religions, in all laws  at all avenues, there should not be any blank in any form anywhere which should ask for your religion.
@USER Never seen the Undertones in Ireland but been there! Loved it. @USER Incredible place, Michael. It tipped  down with rain as we left. Lucky to get it in sunshine.
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. To be fair. Depending on what they have trademarked if you don’t use it and don’t defend it you lose that trademark.
See McDonald’s loosing the trademark to BigMac in EU.
@USER I'm happy for you. Congratulations!!! I hope you will reach more people because you're awesome. @USER Thank you so much ? ?
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. I'd say that's a sensible thing to do. The system knows it's failed if it didn't get you to the destination on time. But if it did get you in time, then it knows it succeeded on that, and now needs to know where to improve. And that's kinda what usually it asks me - which part did it do best on, and everything else has room for improvement.
Let's Follow Each Other ??? @USER Oky ?
Pick up a brick walkover to them and smack the biggest smirking one in the bollocks. I remember playing WWE Here comes the Pain, on PS2. You would be disqualified for hitting someone with a chair but you could throw the chair and if it hit the opponent it was fair play.
@USER Some  says im aggressive .people  lables very  easily .without  knowing   the truth .recently one woman said im over reacting ?? @USER Do you remember one day a girl who thinks she is famous on Twitter scolded us a lot for the comment we made,A lot of other girls joined that girl and scolded us a lot, Remember,we kept our mouths shut because we didn't want to overreact.They think that only they are right?
@USER Everything, there is no god. Stop beleving in nonsens. @USER Believing.
Jags fans, if you could put any former Jaguar player (in their prime) on the Jags current roster, who would it be? #Duuuval #Jaguars. @USER Winston Guy Jr. At Strong Safety. Lol ?
>How when he was looking for partners to play Badminton, most hindu groups didn't take him in but the Muslim guys welcomed him with open arms.
What? Not in religious sense. It's like a new badminton player comes and existing players don't want newbies in their group. Meant that.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nice one Eddie. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ah thanks Mary, was a lovely evening &amp; great to see the Igbo community take the lead in organising the event to celebrate the diversity &amp; cultures living in Waterford.
@USER I got some cool ones in Matalan (cream with black stars), &amp; Peacocks, (sloths) ? @USER  @USER Sloths? I NEED some of those.
@USER Ok I will buy for u eventually. @USER  @USER i bought a black crewneck like a few days ago W.
Dr. Claw is Inspector Gadget. 
Edit. Dr Claw is human inspector and Inspector Gadget is obviously a younger “clone” of him. I love this!
But why?
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 10 to 15 min.
@USER  @USER Ring joe on Monday, thats insane. @USER  @USER No thanks not for me, am just one of hundreds that went through that system this weekend.
What did this setup cost you. Would love to go solar but all of the solar panel "grants" sound a lot like scams. Not in the conventional sense but that it's not actually the person with the panels who ends up saving anything for 20 odd years. Panels and inverter cost me £4k all in , fitted.  (4KW system)
Immersun (hot water / heat diverter device) cost me £200 fitted, already had an electric element in the hot water cylinder. 
thinking about going for a battery next, but that will cost more than the whole setup cost. We've had our system for 5 years almost (bought it in 2015) and it's already paid for itself both in savings and the income generated and in theory at least, there's 15 years left to go on my FIT contract (payments) and a life of about the same left on the panels.
@USER Look it’s not as bad as the year I caught  @USER making live edits at his booth and running in engine. @USER  @USER  @USER Look we've all been there
By which I mean I think I was there when that happened ?
There are way too many iffy occurrences before, during, and after 9/11. We can safely say the USA govt were incompetent in its prevention at least, and had a knowing hand in it at worse. 
The plane crashing into the towers appears to be doctored. 
All camera footage of the area was confiscated by the govt. Any footage you see online is state sponsored. 
The Air Force bases were ordered to run airline hijacking drills the morning of 9/11 by Dick Cheney (The devil) himself 
Proof that it was a controlled demolition was melted down and erased. 
The third tower, obviously, came down as a result of explosives. 
(I’ve been saving the biggest for last) - one of the alleged pilots of that flew into the towers was found alive and well shortly after and had nothing to do with the events. He’s no where to be found today. 
I hope no one believes in conspiracy theories. They’re just unanswered questions with not enough data to reach a conclusion. 
The troubling thing is, when the data you need comes from the source you suspect of wrong doing then you can either take their word for it, or not trust the data. How, excuse my french, the f r i c c could you actually beleive that 9/11 was faked, there is very conclusive footage, and proof that it was real, and live video of it was recorded on the news, with several witnesses how is it that despite all of that the government could still get away with it? Nobody noticed any fallacies? And why would the government destroy a major financial asset, what motivation do you think they would have for that? The thing about your argument is that it makes no logical sense what so ever, and I guarantee that the person who kamikazed into a building wasn't found perfectly fine afterwards, and the plane crashing into the building looks doctored? What kind of bs is that, you can analyze the footage yourself, or maybe ask a professional to look at it and see it definitely isn't doctored.
दिल्ली की जनता को पानी के बकाया बिलों से राहत दिलाने के लिए सरकार ने बड़ा निर्णय लिया है. पानी के बकाया बिलों पर लगने वाली लेट फ़ीस( लेट पेमेंट सरचार्ज) 31 दिसंबर 2022 तक के लिए 100% माफ रहेगी. यानि आप बिना लेट फ़ीस की चिंता किए अपने पुराने बकाया बिल भर सकते हैं. @USER Navra kam mat karvao sir or berojgaro ki madad karo.
This is some final. Physicality off the charts, tension and a hot crowd. Huge lineout coming here. 

#STOvBUL. @USER Absolutely loving it!!
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER Enough's enough give us a break.
This trade period looks like there is a lot happening and we at Hawthorn are standing still. WTF. @USER I'm not having a go nut what do you want them to do ? Haven't yet seen a deal OM really jealous of Bowes yes but we had a go at that.
Throughout the day (maybe once an hour or so) ask yourself "Am I dreaming?" Then, look around and logically think why you are not dreaming. ("I jump but I am not able to fly. That is my cat which I've had for 4 years. I normally eat soup every day for lunch, etc") Whatever it is, think through it logically.
Eventually, when you are dreaming, you will be able to recognize that you are dreaming because you have done this line of questioning so much. I used to do this and was able to control my dreams because of this technique. Thank you I'll definitely try this.
URL 
&#x200B;
some sample survey. So the same Indian American's who support Modi, support the Democrats?
I've said this many times on the pod, but losing Sasha Banks is losing someone who can legitimately be a crossover star. Big fail on WWE for that. @USER WWE Women's Tag Team Titles. Lol.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER ??
It isn’t the same contact per se, it’s just that the Govt agency responsible for myGov sends the messages from a name, and not a registered phone number. This makes impersonating them stupidly easy as you’ve seen.
Further, there’s no real global standards for verified SMS which increases the likelihood of people being phished. While Google has made some in-roads for their customers in select countries, it isn’t rolled out in Australia or other major nations. And Apple just keeps hoping more businesses will use their iMessage for business platform, but their rollout of it is as slow as a wet week. ^ good info.
It's sad to see our gov using SMS for MFA, it's a bad practice for several reasons.
The mygov scam emails/SMSes are quite common:  URL.
Alakazam. He is just perfect. If only he had better defense.
Hi Hindu, I'm Dad. Hi Dad, I'm Hindu.
Hey I hope you get better soon anyway. Thanks.
Who's Peter Andre? Exactly!
Politics is ruthless. Who has imagined, in Mumbai, there would be two Shiv Sena's Dushera rallies &amp; Balasaheb Thackeray's son Uddhav Thackeray who is also president of Shiv Sena will have to be also asked to prove his father &amp; grand father founded party is the real Shiv Sena. @USER Nobody doubts that, the revolt is against his incompetentancy and lack of leadership skills leading to downfall of thier legacy...
It's not the jedi way. Dew it.
If you could run Brand  @USER for a day, what would you do differently? @USER  @USER I will arrange the pod cast with PM ,if  @USER doesn't like it then I will. Arrange with @harari_yuval.
How far away from a vaccine? I read somewhere 18 months, that includes the time it takes to test. Then someone on RTE news said it could be as soon as December this year.
I know it seems like a naff thing to report, but reporting this to the police and sending them the footage could help if she’s a repeat offender at loads of properties and ever gets nicked. Although I don't think it's acceptable to take someone else's milk which they're paid for, I don't know if this would technically be considered a crime. It's left outside their property and not secured in any way. I say this because I know someone who just had their bike "nicked", but they left it unlocked outside a premises and expected it would still be there. I work with drug addicts and they will literally take anything they can get their hands on. It's sad but seeing someone take milk that's left outside doesn't surprise me in the slightest.
Too slow to travel ban Iran, unfortunately. They should have done it as soon as it was clear that Iran couldn't deal with their outbreak. As a result of the delay, returnees from Iran have already led to 2 AU cases and 1 NZ case. Weird how in yesterday's post on here the 2nd highest upvoted comment was how the government was racist for announcing the travel ban on Iran but now people are complaining it's too late?
 URL.
@USER What did it for her? @USER Well, she was anti Trump 2016 and 2020. She was a moderate R. She’s pro choice. She’s pro Lgbtq. She thought 1/6 was a disgrace to all. And she was very upset with how DeSantis dealt with Covid.
#AirtelFibre #AirtelAcceptComplaint #Bhartiairtel #Airtel

Airtel Fibre network is down since 30+ hours. The customer care is not ready to accept complaint.
Every time we text/call/ email, they say that they are working with utmost priority. This is how they have zero complaints. #Airtel #Airtel5G #Airtel5GPlusLaunch #airtelplan #airtelweekendchallenge.
No need for a leaving cert in a post corona economy. There’s no college course for killing your neighbor and raiding his freezer. Bold of you to assume there will be electricity in the post Corona world.
Female directors that are also mums (and likes musicals) - make yourselves known! @USER And @hannahinlondon.
Heavy metal is the best medicine ? @USER For what?
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER Both.
Political parties should never be tied so closely with religion. BJP should never have been a hindu party . All this bullshit would have never happened. Fuck religion for causing so much hate in this world. > BJP should never have been a hindu party .
That is all they have. Without religion angle, BJP is nothing.
Find it awful grandiose that we've just renamed Dublin to East Ireland without consulting anyone, but fair enough. They have special maps of Ireland in Dublin. Everything beyond the M50 is just marked, "Here Be Dragons.".
How embarrassing for him.
1) all that stuff attached to his van.
2) driving a Renault. Everyone knows the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Honestly, your downvotes are welcome, but if he pulled up in that van and I had hired him, I’d be questioning my decision. >  the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Would that be the Ford Transit, made by an American car company?
Heavy metal is the best medicine ? @USER Hmm, to each its own!
I can't pick a song but definitely The Score. Always good!
I was born in 1953 and started public school around 1958. I don’t remember my parents ever calling a teacher or board member complaining about what I was being taught. Ever. @USER There wasn’t the need.
Parents of children aged 3-8, is everything in your house broken? @USER Yes ?
My kids are aged 7-13. Thought we were past the worst of it and was even started to contemplate replacing a very worn sofa. Completely destroyed again this week by major kid drink spill ?- think we’ll wait another few years ?
@USER Agreed...? @USER Thanks Mags ???
@USER Welcome back! @USER Thanks Vanessa! ?
Avoid zero days, do something that helps you move forward at least once a day. It can be as simple as doing laundry, cooking, cleaning. Whatever, do at least one thing once a day that helps you. 
Exercise 
Read- someone smarter than you figured out what you’re trying to figure it out and odds are they wrote it down.
I got this advice from another reddit post, really helped me. For me it's quite the opposite, I have to throw in some zero days where I can just relax and regain some energy (both for my mind as well as getting some physical rest).
समय इंसान को सफल नहीं  बनाता, समय का 
 सही इस्तेमाल इंसान को सफल बनाता है... ✌
##Goodmorning? @USER Good afternoon ??
@USER  @USER  @USER I'm from Limerick. Limk Reg Hosp Ed has been like that as long as I can remember! And closing Ennis and Nenagh EDs resulted in the predicted clusterf**k. Friends, who have been in the ED, have had horror stories for years. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Same in Olol Drogheda. Navan, Dundalk, Drogheda cottage hosp and Monaghan all downgraded. I spent Sunday evening and night on a trolley in a+e. Scanned Monday morning, 2 brain aneurysms sent to Beaumont. Was grand till last night. Nothing happens at weekends apparently ?
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER ? I hear you.
I don't know about you but I voted to make America great again, not for nuclear armageddon. @USER Same thing.
Kurt Cobain. Interestingly my uncle did his autopsy and even has pictures from it that he took home! (Unfortunately these picture are across the country at my grandparents house). Okay that is HELLA interesting.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 50.
Aye have them drink whiskey instead ? Have them neck it.
In the UK ?? there is no more track and trace, no more masks, mandatory vaccines for jobs, no restrictions. So, no emergency. So why is a "vaccine", that is only licensed for emergency use, still being pushed!? Isn't it illegal to do that? ? @USER I can't believe people are still moaning about vaccines. If u don't want one.. don't get one.. but please.. spare us the complaining.
>the Commonwealth was trying to provide the manifest "as urgently as they possibly can"
What the actual fuck?  Manifests are compiled and submitted by airlines by law.  The Commonwealth government is not able to get a copy of a few pages done quickly?  And the Commonwealth is only today thinking about a process to deal with this request?  God we're so stupid. I know, this is totally unacceptable considering how hard Peter Dutton touts national security.
@USER Girl I’ve been trying so hard to find something. @USER I’m trying to work under this attorney I met at a conference. I’ll be home tomorrow so I’m going to pop up at his office next week ???. I’m heavily thinking about taking that bar exam again.
Is it rudeness or is it honesty? @USER Honesty.
@USER Aaaaaaaaaaggggghhhhhh. @USER That’s a very long acronym for a roadside assistance group.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER China wouldn’t allow him to go nuclear.
The system IS broken. This crap government has no oversight - it is the one good thing they’ve done: shown us we need a backup plan for when the Govt and GG fail us. But yes, change the flag too. The lack of oversight has nothing to do with constitutional monarchism. What an odd suggestion. 
An independent corruption body can be implemented in any system.
Can those Federer fans in the disguise of journalists retire together with Federer?

The worst thing that Federer has brought to tennis is almost everyone in this industry put their Federer fandom over moral &amp; work ethics, fawning over him while smearing others (mainly Djokovic). @USER Rafa &amp; Roger earned their fan love &amp; journalists’ respect. Most commentators admire Novax play &amp; support him.Few can ignore his rageful vibe &amp; uniquely unpleasant court behavior. No #1 in history ever got defaulted from a slam for hurting a linesperson or racket smash @ Olympics!
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER सही कहा आपने, भारतीय न्याय प्रणाली की कमजोरी के चलते उन्हें अभी तक न्याय नहीं मिल सका।।
देर से मिला न्याय भी अन्याय होता है।
9 वर्षो में एक बार भी जमानत या पेरोल तक नहीं मिली।।
अन्याय की पराकाष्ठा है।।.
Things are only going one way. Might as well just call the second election and see how a left coalition gets on in government. calling an election at the early stages of a pandemic? no party would consider this to be a good option.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER thanks murder so that'll be SNP for me like most of Scotland.
Oh DAMN. #WerewolfByNight was a LOT of fun and had a VERY big surprise for comic fans.

Watch it before it's spoiled for you. I need a Werewolf by Night special every year please Mr  @USER ??️?
@USER …did you have a part in her crying though? @USER I DID NOT! ??
Was it supposed to be snake? Or does "sanke" mean something? It’s supposed to be snake. I saw the trend on Twitter.
@USER I'm older than you Joel and no!!! Life is always changing and sometimes the best plan is no plan...see where life takes you. @USER Thanks Debs ?
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The F#%&gt;ed Up Chaos.
@USER Only if I run out of toilet paper. @USER  @USER Trouble there is that the paper is already full of shit.
@USER What now lol. @USER My jaw is clicking when I open my mouth and the bone is having friction against the joint. Been bad since yesterday afternoon.
Being silent on Delhi genocide.


Granting permission to file case against KK.


Didn't provided any relief funds to affected people and area (Centre, Delhi Govt Yet to Provide Relief to Riot-Affected People: Fact-Finding Report).


You know what worse? We have AAP bhakts who are defending Kejriwal with their flimsy excuses, as if BJP bhakts weren't enough. I don't understand how people say he has been silent when many of AAP MLAs including Kejriwal have made many speeches and statements about the riots. 
As for the relief efforts, seems like they have been slow. But they are continuing to do the work.
There goes any hope of having any bandwith at all left over tomorrow. Plenty of capacity at INEX. 
If your ISP is shite, then either change, or harass them for a presence on INEX (If they are not there).
From the restaurants who tell you we'll need the table back in 1.5 hours when you book and are being seated
Like that's in my control. This reminds me of the weekend in London. A pre theatre meal has a time limit, and the table is time limited. Had to ask three of the four waiters/ managers that dealt with finishing meals (as opposed to wait staff) for the bill.
It doesn’t feel like it here in Tassie... Was going to say; Hobartian's would disagree lol. We had maybe 2 good weeks during Christmas?
The play out music is ??? @USER Good morning beautiful.
Jokes & fun aside, keep a watch on bhakts and similar hate spreading accounts. If they go down sharply, then this is a whistle before crackdown on social media. If I can read his methods and track records, this is what he does  before any kind of drastic measures. A few days before his Kashmir 'masterstroke,' bhakts in my family were getting forwards asking if Kashmiris should be allowed to live on the government's dime.
Gotta say when #ETHGate dropped I was about at the same place  @USER is. He makes many valid points in thread.

However, William Hinman certainly accepted bribes. It’s CLEAR. 

My 3 biggest holdings are $XRP, $ADA, &amp; $ETH and I refuse to take sides. They all win. @USER  @USER Calling out government corruption and manipulation does not mean you have to take sides with a particular digital asset Ben..?
Where did Gordon the gopher live? In the same closet as Philip Schofield.
What a terrible article but its NewsCorp so what did I expect.
>• Since 1985 average full time wages have increased 4.3 times, from $20,644 to $88,140.
>• Capital city house costs have increased 8.2 times in that period, up from $72,827 to $596,986.
>• The proportion of household income spent on mortgages climbed from 28 per cent to 36 per cent.
>“In all honesty, it looks like it is going to get worse from here for new buyers,” Mr Cooke said.
>“While inflation and wage growth have been painfully low in recent years, the value of property just keeps going up.”
So they admit that it's worse and going to get worse.
>Younger generations faced new spending categories such as smartphones, internet and subscriptions, Mr McCrindle said.
Everyone goes out and buys a new phone every year that costs under $1k, an internet connection that's maybe $50 a month and subscriptions... like magazine subscriptions from the boomers days (I know it's not what they're talking about but they're not new things 'subscriptions'), and that's why they cant afford a house? 
>Boomer parents were sympathetic towards their children’s housing struggles, Mr McCrindle said.
>“A lot of Boomers say ‘I couldn’t afford to buy where I currently live’,” he said.
>“It’s their children priced out of the market and they’re happy to lend a hand.”
Ah, great so there's no problems at all. Screw all the people without well off parents, or without any parents at all. Scrap negative gearing, add capital gains tax and then cross your fingers and pray. Thats my hope. I certainly don't have better answers.
I can’t emphasise enough the importance to NOT oversize yr positions in a bear mkt. You NEED to risk manage yr book all the time. Classic investors get whacked in high vol environments. You need to trade. Otherwise stay cash! @USER Thanks for the reminder Christian.
I was a shitty lil kid... Always felt sad and alone...
And now as an adult... I realize that those days were still better ...
Even if I didn't play any video games or much sports... I used to have a really amazing sleep... Those school cancellation days... Those school days... 
I used to laugh at people when they used to play - Ye Kagaz ki Kashti and start sobbing... Now I myself couldn't go through that whole song without jerking a tear
Fuck man. 
I wish I can tell every kid that don't compare your bachpan to others because in the end, it doesn't matter... Bachpan never comes back... Live it... Fuck. You will cherish this randi rona one day too.
Lammy on LBC talking about supporting Zelensky and the oppressed Ukraine, whilst openly supporting the oppressive regime of Israel. Does anyone take the word of these charlatans seriously? @USER Zelensky has banned 11 left wing parties, some over pro-Russia bias &amp; on 17 August, Zelenskyi ratified Law 5371, which removes rights for workers at small and medium-sized companies but aimed at the World Bank-IMF asset stripping to come. Lammy, politically &amp; morally bankrupt.
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER Hahahhahahahahahahhaahhahahahahahah.
5% of that paper will be used to blow noses. Is that all? I though for sure it’d be at least 30%.
F*CK YES! Ron DeSantis is under federal Investigation by the US Department of Treasury over his use of COVID Relief Funds to fly migrants to Martha’s Vinyard. @USER Why not makes more sence.
Will travel to Australia via Singapore for about a week in mid April. Anything to worry about? Would suggest avoiding Singapore as of now. Not too sure how it would be in April though.
@USER Good morning. @USER Happy Sunday Michael, I hope you're taking it easy ??
jack black… forever my celeb crush. @USER This makes sense….
@USER Come home &amp; stop w this nonsense. @USER  @USER he’s already home though??
If he worked for two days while he was sick then he could have infected plenty of people in Bangalore. (Think of the first case in Germany that was spread by a Chinese worker who visited Germany for a few days and how many cases that resulted in) They need to trace them too and not just the passengers on the bus and the hospital staff.
This tree and this wiki tells us the chinese lady resulted in 12 cases(4 spread directly and 8 indirectly) before the cluster was contained through contact tracing, isolation, quarantine and hospitalization. Bengalurians are fucked.
@USER  @USER Or an Irish person stating a fact?
Foster has never knowingly been correct about anything. @USER  @USER  @USER Dame Arlene … hard lol ?
The man walked into parliament with a lump of coal and said don't be afraid of this.
Why on earth do people suddenly have this expectation of him turning away from his support of fossil fuels? Funny how coal is our second biggest export but take a lump into parliament and you are a social pariah.
"Look everyone! This is what allows us to be a first world country!"
"Geez Scomo put that thing away. That's disgusting. No-one wants to see that.".
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I do not believe that an obvious and fairly openly committed conspiracy happened to coincide with Epstein also deciding to take his own life.
In the end I’m not even profitable. My track record is a mess. I’m yet to break even but I believe in what I know. It’ll come through for me in the end. @USER This ?
I can give you some silverfish if you want. Omg they are so gross. I know they are fairly harmless but they can get to infestation level pretty quickly. Best thing to get rid of them is diatomaceous earth. Few different places sell it. Super effective.
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER You’re on the wind up here.
Lol Christmas Island is like next to Indonesia, hardly next to WA. Its also the most likely point of attack for china if they want to secure the strait of Mallacca and/or invade Australia properly, which is why people are so interested in it mapping the sea floor at that particular location even if it is international waters.
Eating an apple while suffering through TMJ syndrome… I’m clearly a masochist. @USER My ent said I may have this. I been needing a night guard for some time.
The world is ending 
Change my mind. The world has been through far worse with less tech and a smaller population. 
We’ll be fine. 
Till climate change cuts a lot of us down. And still, we’ll be fine.
Séamus Power eagles 7 and he's one-under for the day and T20 on Ev. This has been some start to his major career. @USER .  @USER v  @USER in the Barton Shield, 20 years ago. The day a Star was born……?⛳️.
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER  @USER will forever remain in my top 5.
Omg where do I get one? Myers. They also sell a notepad of the same pattens lol.
Queen or Prince? @USER Both, Its A Tie To Me!
Wow so much praise for Nehru.
For the past 70 yrs nehru has been blamed for pretty much everything , everywhere including randians.
So what happened randians?
Downboat me , but atleast give a good reason. ffs. Dont downboat and run away like a coward.
Edit: So downvoted for supporting Nehru. Just as i expected from the 40 randians.
Edit: LOL, about 40 confused randians. Haha. Buddy you took sarcasm way too seriously whenever redditors said "It's Nehru's fault." It is the very opposite of it whenever people said that, because whatever shit current government did they never take blame on themselves but on the past or others. Every shit move this govt made, they had no other choice but to falsely blame on others to justify their own act. Hence that joke.
@USER What does that do to Tesla economy? ? @USER To the moon.
@USER In my ignorance, I'd say that's half of it. Half of female infidelity is looking for the next partner, and half is looking to supplement the current partner with something that's missing.

Not every affair is a potential mate. Some are just passionate flings. @USER I think that's much more the case for men.
Lol Christmas Island is like next to Indonesia, hardly next to WA. Look at the tracking diagram in the article.
It conducted some mapping near Christmas Island, then came further south near WA.
Less of “one that got away” and “I had to let her go,” I had to break up with my girlfriend of a year because I’m severely depressed and needed to work on myself without dragging her into it. I wanted to remain friends, but she cut me off. I really really miss her, dude. I've been there myself, both sides. I'm glad you were able to recognize and make the hard decision. It sucked and hurt like Hell but it was the best choice.
And Muslims should understand that there is nothing to fear about CAA-NRC. It is this lack of understanding due to which the angry Hindu mob have to kill them. Once the Muslims stop fearing CAA and stop protesting, they don't have to fear the Hindu mob also. Lmao I feel like it's sarcastic but the time and environment we living in right now doesn't feel like sarcasam..
Like a bhakt can say this and will stand by it...
@USER That’s not tea ! It’s warm milk !!  Ahhhh Dee ? @USER  @USER They're are people doing time in Portlaoise for far less.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I continue coaching to try and give the players I work with the most enjoyable experience, I possibly can. Help them grow into decent human beings, and for a minority, professional athletes.
@USER  @USER He still playing? @USER  @USER Injuries never leave old footy players #ouch.
Roastme
Unfortunately, because The idea is great. But the actual situation is missing the point that it’s supposed to be about humor. I feel the same way
The best roasts I've seen have been a creative and funny way to make fun of someone's appearance, the worst just come off as playground insults.
And then there was Bitcoin. 
Deflationary currency, open, decentralized, censorship resistant, pseudo anonymous, backed by the most powerful computer network ever. 
www.bitcoin.org
Bitcoin is likely to become the world reserve currency due to its limited supply, monetary policy, and the fact that no human can make changes to the network or money supply. 
Bitcoin protects you against inflation and governments screwing with your money. Shallow understanding. China, US and Russian govts hold the chunk of the exchange. All countries have used fake raids to seize bitcoin assets from people. FBI seized the entire wallet of SilkRoad owner after listing paedophilia content there themselves. Chinese are using supercomputers to generate bitcoins.
Its only better than petrodollars because US doesn't have a complete hold. The point is Indian govt has nothing there and if bitcoin becomes standard India and Iran will be hit first.
Introduce yourself by something you were called at parents evening:

Hi, I'm a pleasure to teach. @USER Hi there, I’m Could Do So Much Better.
Pass them a barm and ask them what it's called. If they don't fiercely defend their answer while decrying all others, they're a spy. This is, without a shadow of doubt, the best answer here.
AAP is 45% owned by News Corp. Its articles appear throughout the press, including the ABC and The Guardian. The sooner it dies the better.
e: Fair points. It would be better if News Corp sells it stake in AAP. It already has way too much influence in Australian media. In the current landscape I doubt its departure would be a positive.  The division of ownership between competing parties has kept the wire service content pretty straight down the line and the soft content isn’t of any profile.
The photography aspect will be a big blow, particularly in the age of web and social media news, and it will accelerate the demise of newsrooms that are barely holding on as it is.
It's so important to post your content to other platforms for growth. You're not going to grow by just streaming constantly and not branching out. @USER ? % FACTS!!!!
@USER First check if how many subsidiary co they have. Most of MNC have cent percent subsidiary co and all new business goes there in many such cases. @USER True.
@USER SA rugby has a great vibe...people live and breathe in....newlands was special as well...glad I got to see a few games here. @USER Loved Newlands for cricket.  Not so much for the rugby.  Greenpoint is a much better location for the rugby.
Lindsey Hoyle spent £7,500 of taxpayers money on a mattress and sheets for his bed in the speakers residence. @USER  @USER Very Toriesque.
I'm a huge punk and metal fan-(as my username shows) but I have seen some real dumb shit from the community.
A guy in a Bad Brains shirt racially abuse a taxi driver. A girl in a Dropkick Murphys tank-top give a fascist salute.
These people don't represent the community. They're just parasites. Not precisely what you're describing but I know a bizarre amount of people who are punk/metal/rock fans and adopt a punk aesthetic but have also memed their way into being conservative or outright fascists, and it would make me laugh if it wasn't so sad.
@USER Good morning brother. @USER Good morning bro! #LevelUp.
Q2. What is the sale price of the #GalaxyZFlip3?
A. INR 69,999 till 12th October
B. INR 54,999 till 12th October
C. INR 74,999 till 12th October
D. INR 84,999 till 12th October

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER B. 54,999 till 12th October
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
There's not enough details in this post, but let's assume 4 day week to make up 30 hours, that's 8 trips. And maybe one return trip at weekends every second week (I'm being conservative). Average of 9 trips a week then. Let's say 2.60 each, that's 23.40 a week, below the cap. That works out 1,216.8 a year.
Current tax liability is 18,000 multiplied by 0.2=3,600. Let's assume credits of 3,300, so annual tax liability of 300. With this relief taxable income would be 16,550, liability = 16,550 multiplied by 0.2=3,310, minus tax credits of 3,300 means final annual tax liability of 10 euro. Savings of 290 euro.
Also save on prsi but 18,000/52=346 a week, which is less than 352 so no prsi liability, therefore nothing to save on.
Finally, USC, the 1,450 would not be subject to USC, so that's 2% of 1,450, = 29 euro.
Total savings of 319 euro, meaning the ticket will really have a net cost of 1,131.
That's a saving of 85.8 a year compared to the cost I calculated in my example. Then take into account nitelinks, which are included in the tax saver ticket. And the convenience of it.
Even if only on the 2.15 bus fare it would still be worth it in my opinion. OP you can do out the numbers yourself based on your fare and frequency of getting the bus and see for yourself. Thank you for the detail, much appreciated! ?
@USER Great read ?? @USER Thank you mate!
Is anyone actually afraid? I see stories but not one person I know cares about it, and I have friends that work in the medical field. I have a friend who, while young, has a compromised immune system due to some weird birth defect. 
He is quite worried that he might die if he gets it. Rightfully so, as he's in the group that is more likely to die from it if infected.
Is this to gain sympathy or what? He is a showman, he aint going nowhere. I am sure this is it.
I'm sure someone who describes themselves as a "professional lover of movies, games, TV, etc" won't be out of work for too long......... Can't tell if this is sarcasm or not....
So it's not something that's endemic to the US police forces then?
&#x200B;
> Research suggests that family violence is two to four times higher in the law-enforcement community than in the general population. 
>
>Source
I guess this is just a case of extracurricular r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut. But this article says that the 84 police is less than the general population, not more. Of course that wouldn't make for as good a headline.
>“The QPS has over 12,200 police officers and recruits and over the past five years, 84 officers were recorded as respondents on domestic violence orders,” the police statement said.
>“This equates to 0.68% of police officers and recruits being recorded as a respondent on domestic violence orders. Compared to the general population, police officers are 85% less likely to be recorded as a respondent on a domestic violence order.
>“The strong discipline and oversight regimes of the QPS results in police officers being 95% less likely to commit a breach of domestic violence order when compared to the general population.
That Covid-19 is an escaped virus from the Wuhan military biological research facility. Where Chinese assembled it as a biological weapon that killed about 2800 people in 40 days? Mostly old people with previous diseases? Man, what a shitty weapon!
Life is like a penis 
Sometimes it's up 
Sometimes it's down, but it won't be hard forever. @USER  @USER Depends.
@USER I went back to Uni at 50 and changed my career so 38 is very doable. @USER Well done ??
Do join  @USER and me on  @USER at 9 am. On all matters EU and of course Northern Ireland. 

And to all remainers who feared so chlorinated chicken but now want a deal with the US: Northern Ireland’s place in the UK trumps your new found sensibilities. @USER  @USER  @USER Good news for the Protocol

- Divergence from EU standards to facilitate USA deal no longer required. Will soften impact of sea border. 
- UK now being able to provide live data will reduce lorry checks to 1 or 2 a day. 
- NI Protocol Bill therefore no longer required.
>“Harm was part of it and also so was the apology that was made as was the significant level of resources and operational priorities,” he said.
>Keneally asks whether the AFP interviewed Moore.
>“My information was that there was no interview,” Kershaw says.
>Keneally: “How do you make a determination of harm and a decision not to continue to an investigation without speaking to the victim?”
That is some amazing police work, Clover Moore was not even interviewed. Also if you apologise, you won't be investigated now? You can get away with anything if you're a Liberal politician.
@USER Happy birthday. @USER Thanks love! ?
TMC is no better than BJP.
They're just another extreme of the political spectrum. No, no, the TMC is in no way comparable to the BJP. Yes, a lot of goons associate with the party to get into positions of power. And TMC allows that happily. But the BJP are genocidal maniacs! There's a huge difference there.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER contributors have permission to use  @USER heatmaps I believe. I regularly use the heatmaps for figuring out hiking routes. No reason you couldn't identify good cycling roads too though you would likely need additional data sources for traffic volumes, lanes, etc. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Feel free to join  @USER discussion forums to discuss more if desired. ?

#MapYourWorld #RotharRoads #OpenStreetMap.
Because there is a high amount of forgeries of scottish notes south of Scotland. They are are rarer so retail workers are much less likely to spot them as fakes. Don't they train retail workers in how to spot forged notes though? The guy at the corner shop can do that.
Does anyone else get a cold nose when the temperature drops? I always feel like I need a nose sock kinda thing ? @USER My nose runs . Yes. I guess it does get cold !
Where is BETI PARHAO BETI BACHAO  @USER ?
Gujarat ranking very poor  in girl child education
Only 10%  girls in Gujarat complete graduation
20% per cent of girls don't reach class 10.
Gujarat  at the bottom in education of girls in the age group 10-14 years. @USER  @USER Educate citizens instead of educating prime minister.  PARCIPATE &amp; bring change you wish to see. Don't seek Ministerial berth alone.
OK. Thanks for that. We appreciate your enthusiasm!
Listen, about the women, if you want them, you can have them. Maybe we can do a cultural exchange whereby we send you a few Gráinnes and Sinéads and you send us some Lunas and Danielas. Would that be a good place to start? Absolutely, whenever said Gráinnes, Sinéads, Lunas and Danielas are fine with it. I'm sure they as well are up to a cultural exchange. But jokes aside, i like those Irish names as well. They seem really natural and  unpretentious.
The Left's problem is it can only entertain one narrative -  that all Tories are evil Thatcherites who put fiscal parsimony above everything else. They can't get their heads round what Truss is actually doing. @USER ....oh yes we can...bet your Monaco resident owner must be delighted...!?
Andrew Thorburn bigot must be fired 

Haneen Zreika must be respected for her religion

Care to explain this to me? @USER Christianity sucks??????
@USER  @USER By quitting, he is making twitter a better place tbh !! @USER  @USER  @USER We need more people like you 

#MedTwitter.
The organizer Larry Cummings is off the boat Irish. He’s one of your own. We disown this fella.
Reminder Brexit really wasn’t about a US trade deal, it wasn’t really about an economic doctrine. It was really about believing your nation state is where the highest form of govt should lie. It was basically about democracy. @USER 13% of our legislation was adopted from EU directives. UK proposed and wrote a significant number of the EU laws we then enacted. Everything else about our laws were ours anyway. People were deceived into thinking that our paltry pensions and health service issues were EU based.
My partner went and got some for me... girl went behind the counter and just gave it to him. Didn’t take ID, interrogate him about symptoms... 3 times in the past 4 years, I tried to get some when I was obviously sick... I got refused once (even when I went in with a Tamiflu script)... and the other times was treated like a criminal and had my ID scanned... 
I get my partner to go in... he must look trustworthy, because they always ask him: “how many boxes?”. But it should never come down to a personal judgement based upon stereotypes. Its the  biggest failing of our  system that should only consider medical need rather than stereotypes and nasty ideology. 
The whole system is a joke and I blame our nanny state politicians for this  despicable treatment. The way they legislate to treat ordinary people is wrong. I wonder why it is in places like HK, Thailand and most of SE Asia where you can get anything without script  and the population majority are not addicted drug addicts sniffing blood pressure medications like they think we do in Australia. How condescending is it that  chemists and our politicians think that the Australian  people  have a predisposition to abuse every drug on the planet from toe fungal cream to common things like headache and cold medications. The whole system is a farcical joke.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब.
RTÉ coverage:  URL 
Connected to the confirmed case reported yesterday. Must be a teacher on school trip.
I love to-do lists. I feel a little bit more accomplished every time I tick something off. I even added a friend’s errand so she would finally do it if I nudged her enough. ? @USER We seem to  live by lists Emma lol? always more to add.
>the Commonwealth was trying to provide the manifest "as urgently as they possibly can"
What the actual fuck?  Manifests are compiled and submitted by airlines by law.  The Commonwealth government is not able to get a copy of a few pages done quickly?  And the Commonwealth is only today thinking about a process to deal with this request?  God we're so stupid. I know, this is totally unacceptable considering how hard Peter Dutton touts national security.
Good Lord! Very Good Lord!
Are you fan of camping in Ireland? I mean, like a real fan? If so do you have any tips as to how one might get the best out of the experience given the - sometimes - not entirely pleasant weather we have? If you'd like to share your wisdom mail me maybe? conor.pope@irishtimes.com. @USER Talk to Mal ? @camping_soul.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER If a party wins an election on the manifesto pledge to have a referendum on devolution, then absolutely we should have one. It is democracy after all.
@USER i am living in wonderful bliss having shit all knowledge of the timelines ? @USER  @USER Right?
I know enough to be dangerous about that franchise but not enough of all of that so I’m just enjoying an incredible show.
How many years ago was 1951. Yeah that would be NICE to know.
વડોદરાના સલાટવાડા વિસ્તારમાં રખડતા ઢોરે ગર્ભવતી મહિલાને અડફેટે લેતા ગર્ભમાં રહેલા બાળકનું મૃત્યુ, મનપાએ ઢોર માલિક સમજતા નથી એમ કહીને હાથ ઉંચા કર્યા

#Vadodara. @USER Chotila hiway par pan che jo daya aave to tya pan koye javu.
The Irish Traveller community lost three children to suicide this week. Ages 13, 11 and 9, all bullied to death for their ethnicity. It’s happening week after week and they’re getting younger. We don’t need thoughts and prayers, we need anger and action. @USER I'm so sorry ?
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. Surprises me that Hugo Boss would have an issue. I could see Suntory having a problem with them using the name.
Playing a fun game here, "Are they gay or do they just live in the inner North suburbs?". Dangly earrings, tiny shorts, an aztec patterned fleece and a shaved undercut/curly mullet are the look du jour.
@USER My 7 year old son would buddy up with him in a hearbeat. He always asks me if hes "weird" because he doesn't like what all the other kids do.  I say hell no, you do you always!!! @USER ? love this.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations  @USER ser ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you buddy!
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Pepe LaPew.
They don't raise any emotion from me. Which may be worse than hating them. I remember they were on a show with Jack Dee. Jack Dee said "The only reason why people watch you is because it's the only time that two geordies are not having a punch up".
More time to go to the beach. Only people complaining are snowboarders. and anyone growing crops sensitive to climate. (hint: that's all of them).
Meet like-minded friends 
Vet and follow anyone that 
gives this tweet a ❤️

Please Retweet. @USER  @USER How come I’ve politely asked you for a boost many times but you ignore me?
Idea of cheating excites far more people than you know. This is true. If the concept of marriage did not exist, the concept of adultery wouldn't have also existed. Both are redundant appendages of another time.
@USER I had spotted the similarity. IBM worked on the system used to document them. @USER  @USER A tag system then watch where they go because you can be damn sure there are gangs this side of the channel too. Explain the asylum route, streamline and then offer a graded system of integration. Probationary period fuck up  and they get to do a season on St Kilda.
Absolute whopper of a rookie mistake.. also, can’t wait 90seconds for your windscreen heaters to defrost it? Are you that important? Haha. >90seconds
Yeah, good one. Some cars take a lot longer than that. It's not unreasonable to look for a way to get it done quicker.
Okay so how about we redefine what summer and winter means so they balance out again.
/s obviously. Out of curiosity, what does summer and winter mean to you? The headline is clickbait as summer and winter are only defined as time. These researchers just used average temps at the start of summer and winter in the 50s and 60s then measured when we hit those temps now..saying that’s when summer and winter now start; dumb. Averages don’t work in Australia. Averages only work in places where the actual temperatures are close to the average for the majority of the time. This has never been the case for Australia.
? I will never become full on vegetarian/vegan, BUT the more I expand my knowledge on improving nutrition &amp; overall health, the better that approach looks. @USER ???same.
>what about the persecution of Indian minorities? What is the Home Minister going to do about it? What is the Prime Minister going to do about it?
They'll keep doing it. That's what this is all about, isn't it? Sadly. Also, the thing is that the intent of the PM for India is different than what is shown to the public. Those who can't see through it fall for the facade.
@USER But does Janice work there? @USER Should have asked.
I was going to tell you to watch out for the swans, only to realise it isn’t Glastonbury. 
Nice picture!
EDIT: Wells. Not Glastonbury. Lincoln's coat of arms (or at least the Uni's) features swans. Swans are a thing in Lincoln :).
@USER  @USER Who says that the allegations were false? @USER  @USER  @USER Are parley CBI also said fake allegations…# Chatu.
If the information that I got the other day is right ... soon I will be a great grandfather. Yikes!!! And I'm just a kid!  ??? @USER Congratulations!!!
>So I know I'm pretty old now 
It's not 
you are doing great.
Am sure you won't wish to marry just for the sake of it.
I hope you embrace your life n do what you love to.
It's this patriarchal malice that assholes ingrain in females to get marry at the earliest, I wish someday u will flush this out.
And most importantly hoping that  u find LOVE, the UNCONDITIONAL one. Thank you so much. I will keep looking!
And yes patriarchy and all this pressure sucks!
0-0 in 6 a side? Ye must be absolutely shite. In fairness the goals are about the size of ice hockey goals and yes.
Gotta commit to the lie. 
Youngish (25-30) guy, what I think is his mum and a mate come to door. Main guy p1 is up first. 
After ID checks etc 
B1 “I need to do a quick search if that’s ok before I can get you in here”
P1 “yea of course, go ahead”
B1 direct to the little pocket you get on jeans. And pull out a bag of again cocaine. 
P1 just stares at me blankly and then asks “ok am I ok to go in then?”
B1 “no sorry mate you’re in possession of drugs you’re not coming in here”
P1 “ohh that’s not mine”
B1 “who’s is it”
P1 “I don’t know” 
P2 and P3 look on in astonishment. Obviously unaware this guy does coke.
To spare you from an Inane back and forth that followed this as he was 100% adamant it wasn’t his, he don’t know how it got there. (I did confirm they were indeed his trousers just in case) still staring blankly. B2 and B3 are dying with laughter as it’s beyond silly now but he’s so committed to the lie it’s almost admirable. 
Eventually his mum got his arm and dragged him off up the road. This is my favourite.
Trump Supporters believe that they are not treated with respect. @USER Correct, they shouldn’t be.
Man forget my username, I want to know the story behind yours. Once upon a time was taken and I thought this was the next best alternative.
@USER  @USER Super cute Nani bangaram. @USER  @USER Hi.
@USER So sorry to hear of the tragic loss of a beautiful child to suicide. @USER Thank you Barbara.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER China wouldn’t allow him to go nuclear.
@USER I had my name shown on the aircon control panel which I didn't know and I told the client to change 
temperature ?now after I checked in, make sure no name shown on anything including luggage name tag before I start to see clients. @USER  @USER That's rude.Surely an invasion of privacy??
Bowel Distuptor. The brown noise?
Secure? Yeah. Their standards are so low that even social media sites would have disagreed to accept that terms and they can't ask the young people to give up social media just like that, they would shove that RSS flag right up their Asshole. They are shifting you to some other platform. That's why that bitch is bragging about giving up social media on Twitter. The fake call scam in Delhi day before yesterday was part of the plan as well, to get an excuse that fake news is doing damage and all that crap. See that interview about that incident on NDTV where they are coming with some more bullshit law for social media explained by some BJP guy himself. Since you can write this long comment, I am going to assume that you can read as long article as well.
GIMS is not for common citizens. It is for officers and the government. It has been in planning for more than a year now.
@USER Hope you took your own advice? @USER Course!
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER Happy Birthday , what a wonderful family ❤️❤️❤️.
In research, it's not enough to be 99.9% sure, you have to be 100% sure. How many of you agree?  @USER  @USER  @USER @AcademicDilemma. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nothing in life is 100% sure.
I can't pick a song but definitely The Score. Always good!
ITT: Many folks complaining that the title is misleading since there have been no actual tests conducted - because the scientists are irritated that they have to spend time and resources behind such a wild claim - rather than undertaking more important research.
so my new question is - if there is a large scale experiment where the effects are actually monitored & documented - do you reckon people will actually sign up for it.... and willingly put themselves in the mix "for science". Faith bad.
Wouldn't it be a lovely gesture if the electricity bills for the businesses giving the emergency services, journalists, and volunteers, free refreshments in #Creeslough was paid for them.
Any idea how this could be organised so that people could donate some money? @USER What a great idea Val.
So I've written 25k of new book since end of July.

This is good yes?

My brain constantly tells me I'm a writing failure.

Also launched massive marketing campaign at work. 

#ImposterSyndrome #adhd. @USER I tell myself I’ll never be as successful as Agatha Christie. And therefore always a failure. Once you’ve accepted your failure, the success goal posts move an awful lot closer.
If stupidity doesn't get them first. wouldn't really say being prepared for a possible supply chain disruption is stupid... it not like toilet paper expires.
Avoid zero days, do something that helps you move forward at least once a day. It can be as simple as doing laundry, cooking, cleaning. Whatever, do at least one thing once a day that helps you. 
Exercise 
Read- someone smarter than you figured out what you’re trying to figure it out and odds are they wrote it down.
I got this advice from another reddit post, really helped me. For me it's quite the opposite, I have to throw in some zero days where I can just relax and regain some energy (both for my mind as well as getting some physical rest).
All these people who start feeling dizzy, nauseous after 30 kms of car ride with or without AC should be considered as weaker section human civilization and be barred from travelling. Motion sickness hai... If she has been diagnosed by a doctor before ask her to take the damn meds before traveling not when she starts feeling nauseous
If not... I don't know if there are over the counter drugs for the same or not...
Not defending her or anything but probably not nakhre... Somedays it happens... Maybe an underlying medical condition , maybe a bad day for her body... Just saying.
@USER I'd bring them back, they look a bit mucky..? @USER I can send the snails back. ?
@USER Sending you big hugs Les.  You are doing so well. Send Mrs C a hug from me too xx. @USER Will do.
@USER  @USER I go with the theory that I am a survivor.  I've lived with PTSD  and trauma for so long and I'm still here, so I wonder how others would cope in my shoes, when you judge me let's see what you would have done. @USER  @USER Agree! &amp; well done. self compassion is so important.
@USER Here's to a happy hump day and wonderful Wednesday. @USER Yes! Have a blessed day!
@USER Gm gm. @USER GM GM.
Find it awful grandiose that we've just renamed Dublin to East Ireland without consulting anyone, but fair enough. They have special maps of Ireland in Dublin. Everything beyond the M50 is just marked, "Here Be Dragons.".
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Who cares about that inept disrespectful tramp looking non entity offensive party’s supposed leader.

A total embarrassment to Scotland and the SNP just by association. He is playing the SNP for all it’s worth and making them look seriously bad.
@USER That’s the 1 Million $ question. Exactly!!! @USER I guess, we were all shocked by Pell and his vile evidence.
@USER  @USER YAY! This makes me so happy ❤️. @USER  @USER Jody is amazing (as you know). Equally amazing is her work training teams of clinicians and educators to build their capacity for human-centered and healing-centered work. #inspired.
No surprises. BJP wants power at any cost. They don't mind even if country get burned. All the electoral money at play!
Looks a lot have stopped. The cold and storms I suppose. Hopefully it picks up again. I don't think it's slowing down. I walked past earlier, they seem to be getting a huge amount of support and encouragement from students and everyone in general.
Over 80% of real estate purchases in developed markets are backed by a mortgage

New marginal buyers are being pushed away due to higher mortgage rates coupled with the increase in house prices

Real estate is by far the biggest asset class in the world

Look at the big picture. @USER Yeah and each time the UK shows potential signs of weakness gov pulls its magic wand and cuts the stamp duty.
You can never go wrong with more shitter paper. You'll miss that when you run out. I bought 10-11 packs of 24 roll sorbent about a year ago and store it in the garage. Time to buy some more. As a wise man once said "Never buy just 1 roll.".
I haven’t been paying attention to the news. Right on. Stay away from it. Nothing good comes out of it.
“Everything that exists is born for no reason, carries on living through weakness, and dies by accident” – Jean-Paul Sartre. @USER Everything that exists born for a certain reason.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congrats and well done ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you flower shed.
Still think these ought to be nuclear powered. Getting nuclear licencing for Pompey would never happen. They are also too big to get into Guzz and Faslane.
>but how can we after sports rorts?
Pretty easily if the last 6 years are anything to go by. An electorate getting all the leadership it richly deserves.
Pity about those in dissent.
@USER I’ve already got one Diggs, a second one would be pretty amazing. @USER  @USER It'd be fun. But you telling me you wouldn't want two all star pass rushers on the edges?
I just hope you know that it's a fake news, Images are not related drugs picture is from Nepal where father son duo was held with banned tablets. Thats why I laughed. Crazy it even got close to 1000 likes and even more tweets.
Wow - Well done, Stormers! #URCFinal  ?? @USER Wow - Well done South Africa for showing us some all attacking exciting rugby. Great game and well done the Stormers, had you wrote off at halftime?
What sort of Missus are you looking to replace her with? LOL! She's priceless, though she may not say the same about me.
To busy raiding the ABC for whistleblowers who outed the government's corruption. Besides they are too busy surfing through everyones metadata for the political dirt units. "Sic em Mate".
I had the 10 year anniversary of friends of my parents. And most of the guests were adults ( i'm 15). There was a small group of other children consisting of 2 boys of about 8 years old, one girls that was 13, a guy that was 16 ( behaving like a 13 year old), a girl that was also 15 and me. At the beginning of the party i didn't know any of the other kids so we chatted for a while just playing some cart games and stuff and one of the 8 year olds doesn't feel well and wants to be brought home so his father brother and sister go to their house to put him to bed and not leaving him unattended while me the 15 year old girl and an 8 year old stay at the party for another hour so the boy can get some sleep. The father returned to the party btw. So after an hour the rest of us go to their home to just chill and have a good time i put the 8 year old to bed and as i turn around telling the kid goodnight i see behind me the 15 year old girl standing in the doorway now keep in mind that we didn't meet before the party and i only met her like 3 hours ago we did however kinda flirt throughout the night so we get out of the room and the sexual tension was immens we get it on and have sex in the parents bedroom while the 16 and 13 year old are downstairs and 2 8 year olds are two metres away i hear a door crack open to reveal one of the eight year olds asking what we are doing me being the super db smartass i am say that i dropped my phone and that we were searching it and that he should go to sleep but the stubburn little shitbag wants to help search we tell him to leave and we get clothed and in comes the 16 year old asking what we were doing. He of course gets it strait away amd now i look like some fuck boi in front of a family i only met once 
Edit: fuck wrong treat. Did you mean to post in /r/quityourbullshit?
This fellows face pisse’s me off so much.
Edit: ‘. '.
@USER Your collars are absolutely gorgeous ?? @USER Oh wow thank you.
YOU TAKE THAT BACK. Yeah!! There's pink matter inside the yellow matter!
Had a glance at the 6 o'çlock headlines, it's all "this is what you need to buy to prepare."
The next few days will be interesting. Commercial news is all about
NEWS ALERT
Is [some ongoing event] about to [speculation without evidence to cause viewer concern]?
We'll tell you how to protect [pause] your family.
Use toilet paper as a glove. Ditto.
Government to Scientists: urine trouble. Hands where I can see them. /r/punpatrol requesting backup.
@USER  @USER  @USER Great shots of the owls Mark?? @USER  @USER  @USER Cheers ??
My tweets aren't very wholesome at the moment and for that I apologise. @USER No need to apologise.
@USER  @USER Go u!
Sleep is what gets me though the day ?
And my dogs ? @USER  @USER I occasionally indulge in nanna naps, too. ?
Retweet this if you think the NFL should suspend Brett Favre for his role in the Mississippi welfare scandal!!! @USER yeah you’re a ho.
Fuck man, in India we have serious mental health issues. Its not an India only problem though.
Should a woman ask a man out or wait? @USER Always ask...you have nothing to lose.
I have ethical issues with Crufts. Their arbitrary breed standards have resulted in dogs with horrific medical problems, causing needless suffering. The sooner Crufts disappears, the better, as far as I'm concerned. "Pedigree" is just a more polite term for "inbred".
Hello to all Rogue fans who have just met KOI and are not speaking spanish. My English is fucking shit, I'm improving it. 

Just to say that you are welcome, this is going to be fucking awesome. Vamos KOI. @USER Welcome to the #LEC!
@USER Good job  @USER you are starting to be a blessed ‘WarPresident’ that’s what we need now! @USER  @USER  @USER War president? Is this satire? Something tells me to you'd be singing a different tune if you were over there fighting.
Just lost few of my brain cells. "The Indian gene is covid19 resistant", roflmao lost all my brain cells at the very start!
Y'all can't cope with the fact that not everyone in the world supports Western liberalism. That's not even the issue though, it's the fact that someone feels entitled to the understanding and empathy of others without having an open mind themselves.
It's hard to have a discussion when someone is so convinced that they are in the right they are blinded to even listening to everyone else. Nobody is 100% right. Not this guy, not Western liberalism, not any of us. So we could all do a better job at keeping our egos in check and listening to what someone has to say.
I went to Ascot once to watch the Red Bull Air Race. On the train back I was on a carriage with a bunch of drunken men singing sea shanties. That's par for the course for races (does the air race run at the same time?)
I used to work in Chester and on the bus home on race day there was always a drunken crowd of strangers singing, and one guy at the front being the "conductor" who was usually the most pissed.
@USER Thanks for these comments today Tracy. Needed validation after a heavy morning talk fest ? @USER Good to hear ❤️.
None of the above. Just a normal girl. I got to touch an elephant. What a thrill. I’ve never done this. Adding it to my bucket list. Elephants are so majestic.
Tipu Sultan was not just a brave fighter who fought British but he was a Muslim too ? @USER a bigot too....
@USER Luibin Mhairois (Moyrus) near Cárna. @USER Actually it’s Renvyle beach.
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. WAR SESS TER SHY ERRRRRRR.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Meat,chips, bread and beer....
Thankful for a few days w the family, now let’s get back to racing! Headed to  @USER this AM. CHS - ATL - LVS ✈️. @USER  @USER Safe travels! I'll see you again soon at Homestead! ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Classy morning with roses and jasmine ??? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected My Dear Ma'am,

Very Very Good Afternoon ????

Thank You and Same To You Too Also ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
So my roommate just got back from a skiing trip in Andorra two days ago and now has a dry cough, fever and fatigue. 
She called out of work sick but won't call the GP till the morning. She saids she doesn't feel too bad since it's no worse than a cold. 
And she's not exactly being over the top with the whole hand washing thing. Oh, and she works in pharma . We're fucked lads! She should self-isolate for three weeks at least. Anything else is irresponsible. Show her this post!
@USER Hannah &amp; Nick . Now that is really getting close to nature !!! Foxes are very cool was at Rockley Park last week in caravan in  Dorset and got to feed a fox one night.obligatory trip to Studlands and sea was quite warm.. H. @USER Sounds great! We swam at port meadow yesterday. The river is definitely starting to cool….
@USER Dwayne misses the point by 100 light years. @USER I didn’t bother finding out more about what was said,he ain’t worth listening to.
@USER I wonder if  @USER would react the same. @USER  @USER I’d have pushed  @USER out of the way and made the catch ONE HANDED with no broken fingers.
ଦୁର୍ନୀତି ମୁକ୍ତ ସମାଜ ଲଢ଼େଇ ପାଇଁ ସେ ଚିରସ୍ମରଣୀୟ ରହିବେ।?

Paying homage to eminent freedom fighter, Bharat Ratna #LokNayak #JayaprakashNarayan on his birth anniversary. The socialist leader will always be remembered for his relentless fight for social justice, ...2. corruption free society &amp; democratic values.?
It sounds like you're looking for a source of news that conforms to your own expections/political leanings.   That's not what RTE or other non-agenda driven sources are for.
Stick to twitter. I don't want news to my bias (which I don't deny having). I want an almost algorithmic source of news that is just factual and without opinion.
2/ Daily Reading: Psalms 49-50; Acts 20:1-16. 3/ Memory verse: Daniel 9:3
“And I set my face unto the Lord God, to seek by prayer and supplications, with fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes:".
Can we perhaps upgrade the travel advice for all these countries please? 
A ban, sure but most of them are “returning” from holidays. There’s no point now. Cats out of the bag.
That Fidel Castro is Justin Trudeau's father.
I highly recommend looking into this because it's so interesting. There are a bunch of photos of his mom with Fidel Castro around and slightly before she would have gotten pregnant. Also his mom and dad are both very white, and for some reason (and I know this is weird but) Justin has brown nipples, which isn't a very common trait in white people.
Edit: I know that there are white people with brown nipples but it's notable just because his parents don't have brown nipples. Well, I just googled "white people nipple colour", so there's that.
Can they name the fucking company so the employees know to look for any sign or symptoms. Someone said Shell but no confirmation on that.
What an absolute load of garbage. I read those books as a kid. They were great. Not even close. The most disappointing trailer since... well... cant remember the last time I was so disappointed.
J Sea B. nizlopsea.
No one is curious as to why the war in Ukraine has almost zero footage?

No one? @USER Take a look at Operator Starsky on YouTube.
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. As if he would think that far ahead.
And to add salt to your and our wounds, majority of the people on İnternet and social media are supporting this or are enjoying this.
Media hasn't changed, it's still the same. They didn't even cover the transfer of judge overnight with the same passion as they covered Ankit Sharma's murder.
No questioning from Modi-Shah or BJP. People are supporting Kapil Mishra. All blame shifted to Tahir Hussain.
Sorry freedom fighters, we let you down. Remember the time after Pulwama, how everyone was shouting for war.
@USER The Dáil pays TDs FAR MORE than the Assembly does MLAs.
What do reckon? @USER  @USER What's the TD salary?
What van would be acceptable for you? 
WE know what a Union flag is you patronising twat. A van from a British company. That would be acceptable.
Your mother. Damn, you know her too?
Still think these ought to be nuclear powered. I did, but then someone explained they need constant restocking with supplies whether nuclear or not so it doesn't make all that much difference anyway.
@USER ‘Twas a moonless night, dark as pitch, when out the mist, came a beast more stomach than man. @USER  @USER “Captain McAlister, is it true that you’re not a captain at all?”.
Had my Autumn covid booster this morning and thought I’d got away without any issues. Fast forward 12 hours and I can barely move my arm ??‍♀️. Had the worst night. Finally fell to sleep around 6am ?, it’s really knocked me about again, and there was me getting cocky.
@USER  @USER I think anarchism is going on the right wing campaigning. @USER  @USER  @USER I think anarchism is a must have for the church that is not true?
pigeons are surveillance drone placed by the government. I’ve never seen a baby pigeon. They just spawn out of nowhere. How often do you see any kind of baby bird?
That's because our secularism is still not cultivated as a value among the masses. Indian society continues to be feudal. We have failed in educating the masses in civic and moral education. Because practice of secularism  by the state from the start is flawed , state should be blind to religions, in all laws  at all avenues, there should not be any blank in any form anywhere which should ask for your religion.
That would be Elon Musk's SpaceX Starlink Satallites. They launch them 60 at a time and they slowly drift apart to their final position over time. So for a while after launch they follow each other in a line like that. They are highly reflective so at dusk and dawn they can be easily spotted. Thank you mate this seems much more likely than aliens.
I pass this nearly every day.
Have you seen the one with Greta and Jeremy Clarkson? Omg yes, and the one of the Prince (Philip, Charles?).
On leave until Thursday -  @USER and I are going to cabin retreat in Daylesford for a few days for some R&amp;R ?️. @USER  @USER Will need to see the happy snaps.
Other people on social media when they’re being trolls. They only do it because 99% of them wouldn’t have the nerve to say whatever they’re saying to your face. Saw someone on a friend's FB comments have the nerve to tell her to "check her sources" and link to a meme. The friend has a PhD in the field being discussed.
Can we expect Indians to start getting tested by government soon? Unlikely.
Someone asked me if it’s hygienic to swim with a stoma bag.
I said that a sealed stoma bag stuck to my tummy is probably more hygienic than a bumhole! And I wasn’t meaning to be crude because I’m not like that.
But it saddens me that in 2022 people still think stomas are dirty! @USER Great response!
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER thanks murder so that'll be SNP for me like most of Scotland.
Guys are so lucky like, we dress up as your favourite wifus AND have boobs.

What a time to be alive. @USER I have a saying boobs are only as fun as the girl that has them I hope I’m not gonna be burned alive for this.
@USER A party platform other than what they scabbed grom the KKK and Proud Boys. @USER *from.
जब देश की लंका लगेगी न तो उससे कोई अछूता नहीं रहेगा, 

वे अंधभक्त भी नहीं जो आज बिना अच्छा-बुरा सोचे आंख मूंदकर सरकार की जय जय कर रहे है!! @USER  @USER You are right mam aapke pair Kahan hai mujhe.
@USER  @USER The unfortunate thing about me is I don’t care I care today but every other day I don’t give a fuck. @USER  @USER We love you Steven ?
I hope that bench remains empty. Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way. The lad at the back probably read this sign and decided to sit somewhere else.
Communist pretend to be faithful but they are committed to annihilate faith based mindsets  @USER has evil intent just observe his eyes,his pride,his justifications of such evils,always his way,hurtful without care—consequences that we all have been punished hurt.. —&amp; crippled by.This man has no right to call himself a leader of a population of this Vic’t state of Australia  @USER has led 6M souls into debt misrepresented values that are fooled felled &amp; flat lined.
Probably BoTW and Minecraft. Yup.
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Then they wouldn’t really be Muslims living devoid of any influence from the Quran or Islamic teachings, I sincerely hope you don’t assume that all the Quran and Islamic teachings are bad and cause mayhem. Also I don’t think you get the meaning of the word secular by the way you framed the question, secular doesn’t mean abandonment of religion in regards to individual practice but that law should not be based on religious teachings which have no basis in fact, i.e. ban on cow slaughter or blasphemy laws 
I won’t say islamophobia but the way your question is phrased astounds me, can Muslims be secular? Go ask that to all the Muslims protesting to remove a religious delineation on a law. Smh.
Post your Top 4 films of 2022 ranked so far ? @USER 1.RRR
2.RRR
3.RRR
4.RRR.
Pineapple is better than orange. There I said it. What is wrong with you???
@USER If Collingwood rate him so highly why did they low ball him with their contract offer? Actions speak louder than words. @USER  @USER How much was the lowball offer Ned?
1)Get your dream recall up. This is the hardest part. You have to realize you’re dreaming so to do that you need to find Dream signs, common dream themes for you, etc. 
You can do this by keeping a dream journal. 
Also practice all day awareness. Ask yourself randomly if you’re dreaming throughout the day and perform dream checks. There are lots. The easiest and most discreet are the index finger through the palm (in dreams it goes through) and holding your nose and breathing which allows breathing in dreams. 
2) Practice different techniques. 
DILD-Dream induced. This one is the easiest but less reliable. By this point you should know some Dream signs (electronics malfunction, lights don’t work, words in books are strange, your mirrors reflection) and you just notice you’re dreaming. 
WILD- Probably the most reliable, but many people report Sleep paralysis with it.  It’s a wake induced LD. Essentially you time your sleep cycle just right and try to enter during REM or closer to it. 
There are others too FILD- Finger induced, DEILD- dream exit induced. There’s tons but those are probably the most common. 
3). You’re lucid!  But you’ll probably find the dream world instantly disappears or spins or you wake up (also look up false awakenings, those are fun). To do this you need to learn stabilization. 
So calm down and slowly spin around. This stabilized the dream for most people. Another one is to rub your hands together slowly. 
Think that’s about the basics. Don’t buy anything like masks.  They don’t work. Supplements have different effects for everyone. Melatonin helps me recognize my dreams but just because it makes them so vivid. How do you feel when you are having a lucid dream? I want to experiment it but I'm also scared of it.
I was born in 1953 and started public school around 1958. I don’t remember my parents ever calling a teacher or board member complaining about what I was being taught. Ever. @USER There wasn’t the need.
@USER CRH artist. @USER  @USER That looks about as interesting as a carpark.
Blood On The Tracks is a great music podcast
The Parapod is releasing new episodes and is one of the funniest podcasts I've ever listened to. Only about 30 episodes but it's gold
(Berkhamsted) Revisited has a big back catalogue and is basically two early 30 something women reading their teenage diaries/emails/facebook messages etc and reminiscing about the early part of this century. Far more interesting than it has any right to be and full of nostalgia. Oh aye I mind hearing about the revisited one before, I'll have to give it a lash.
It's great for the environment and people who live out in the bush. But being realistic, it's only a short break from when the season resumes. This is the new normal. It's only how much of it is uncontrollable. Is there anything left to burn?
While I can find plenty of them online, I've never met another Expanse fan. I've never met one either, but I don't go out much. They're out there. There must be loads of em.
વડોદરાના સલાટવાડા વિસ્તારમાં રખડતા ઢોરે ગર્ભવતી મહિલાને અડફેટે લેતા ગર્ભમાં રહેલા બાળકનું મૃત્યુ, મનપાએ ઢોર માલિક સમજતા નથી એમ કહીને હાથ ઉંચા કર્યા

#Vadodara. @USER Chotila hiway par pan che jo daya aave to tya pan koye javu.
@USER Where are the BMWs? @USER  @USER On the  @USER calendar.  @USER calendar will be much better.
@USER  @USER He just makes me happy ? @USER  @USER Beautiful voice ❤️❤️❤️.
read the article!  This place smashed out 80000 cups a year. Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year! This is a good investment. >Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year
Uh... $20 profit per cup?
I'll have tap water thanks.
My wife. I also choose this man's wife.
@USER  @USER Please share consignment number. @USER  @USER Pls find the bellow consignment number EO541398395IN
Even it was booked in speed post the shipment was laying in the particular post office for 4 days. nd in portal it was showing door locked. Instead they haven't attempted for a single time for delivery.
@USER Congratulations Alex, plenty of game time is the key mate!  All the best… unleash ? @USER Thanks very much Rob. Hope you’re keeping well ??
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Who cares about that inept disrespectful tramp looking non entity offensive party’s supposed leader.

A total embarrassment to Scotland and the SNP just by association. He is playing the SNP for all it’s worth and making them look seriously bad.
Ugh Newstart was the WORST. I moved states and had to be on it for a little while. They tried to send me to a literacy program, one to ready you for work, and one for writing CVs. I escalated through the useless people there finally to a manager and she was the only one who listened when I told her I had a bachelor with honours and had just left my PhD to move. That I had worked in the industry already and my CV was great but it was grant season, and jobs wouldn't start being advertised for two months or so.  Literally the ONLY person who listened.
Like, those courses were filled withand directed at people who hadn't finished school. How do you look at my details and not think 'yeah probably no need for literacy and basic math for this person'. I literally had one of these people tell me to take my PhD, lab experience and bachelors off my resume so that I could apply for jobs in retail. I was very happy to land a job by the time these fucktards were able to call me again.
Those worries are superseded by worries of your own death. The older you get the less your own death should scare you. You worry about other people more than yourself eventually. I'd rather outlive everyone in my life if it will cause them less pain.
Times Cow it is. Cow? Cow be kya bigada hai tera?
@USER Christ no, 35 is still babes in arms stage! @USER ?
That's technically illegal, I think? You're signing a legal document under false pretences.
EDIT: I'm not sure if I was right here, but you can't change it for frivolous purposes anyway:   URL. You don’t even need to legally change your name by deed poll. You can change your name and start using it. But if you want a passport etc you need to change it by deed poll.
@USER Ok I will buy for u eventually. @USER  @USER i bought a black crewneck like a few days ago W.
know I am definitely not pregnant ??. This is just a gastrointestinal issue. Can you imagine me pregnant at my old after??✍️ Lord help me feel better throughout the journey day.
This man is so completely focused towards engineering riots. Gotta stick to your strengths.
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Bible study.
@USER What's the point in winning an election if you then have to appease the Tory voters you wooed? @USER How are you going to win without.
It was such a brilliant idea to have the students back. 14-day offshore quarantine works so well. Who thought this could be coming, right. Look mate, who cares about people's health and well being when our institutions are going broke. /s.
Pronounces Jalapeno as it's spelled, whenever anyone says stop he starts singing, "rough riders roll", pronounces bologna as it's spelled, pronounced Italian as eye-talian, constantly calling me " honor student" whenever I do anything stupid, "are you sure? Are you positive? I thought you were__!" Etc. Lovely!
Iirc it was launched to cash on the 2003 world cup. Looked like kerosene, tasted sweet-sour. Loved it. That flair is mad.
Pretty sure one bigoted person made that decision and it’s gotten a lot of bad press and the people have reacted badly. 
Be surprised if it’s not all overturned. Why are you downvoting him? He’s right!
Over 80% of real estate purchases in developed markets are backed by a mortgage

New marginal buyers are being pushed away due to higher mortgage rates coupled with the increase in house prices

Real estate is by far the biggest asset class in the world

Look at the big picture. @USER They say in USA is 40% free and clear.
What’s the Greatest Double Album of all-time…. @USER Jesus Christ Super Star.
End life on Earth. aight ill go first.
I need a boyfriend .???? @USER ready.
I've done an extra shop of long date item. Rice pasta flour tinned tomatoes. All things that are on my usual list.
My son is immunocompromised so we may choose to self isolate as a family before the government makes it mandatory. 
That and I dont want to fight hoards of people for the last bag of rice in a weeks time once the government admit we are fucked! I've done the same. Sure we will get through it anyway if there isn't a shortage. I've stocked up for similar reasons as you. My son is immunocomprised.
I don't wanna be going out if there does end up being lots of cases!
I was going to tell you to watch out for the swans, only to realise it isn’t Glastonbury. 
Nice picture!
EDIT: Wells. Not Glastonbury. Almost said the same thing. Could have sworn this was the courtyard they shot the fight scene from Hot Fuzz in!
@USER The best you can do is beautiful lol

Lovely.
I hope you are feeling okay x. @USER Thanks Kym, doing ok. ?
Jar Jar Binks was supposed to be a Sith Lord and the big bad of the Star Wars prequels, but George Lucas screwed up the directing and then chickened out after seeing the public reception of the character.
See also r/darthjarjar. Oh the possibilities. I loved jar jar.
Somebody tell this MFer that Britain left India 73 years ago. Doesn’t mean they can’t comment.
@USER Too early for that Frank! @USER Too kind ?
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER Look at twelve years of misrule in every other place you failed to mention....
It's not an exaggeration to say that Australia has been slowly creeping towards ideological totalitarianism. As the media landscape shrinks even further, I despair that we may drift even further to the right as a nation with an endless stream of corrupt neo-liberal sociopaths in charge for the foreseeable future. It's always going to be "our" fault for voting them in.
Never their fault for being corrupt PoS that shouldn't be near government at all.
Hey!! Guess what!?!? Today is my wedding anniversary. Maybe I should celebrate by burning my marriage license?! @USER Only counts if it’s recorded and posted??
General Reginald Dyer studied in Bishop Cotton School, Shimla. I just got to know that. Yea Dyer was there for a bit. I'm from the same school!
What happened to the pandemic? 

The ending seemed awfully anticlimactic, no? @USER It hasn't ended. I had Covid last week.
The three great universities are Oxford, Cambridge and? "wherever I went"?
So you're saying Geelong got Tanner Bruhn for nothing and Jack Bowes for free? @USER ?Money for nothing and your chicks for free?
My vitamin D is so low smh. @USER Too easy.
बस इतना पूछना है साहब कि शव यात्रा में अगर कोई गलती से 'राम नाम सत्य है' बोल दे तो उसे गोली तो नहीं मार दी जाएगी ? @USER  @USER यह तो कल ही मालूम होगा....जय श्री राम.
@USER I'd bring them back, they look a bit mucky..? @USER I can send the snails back. ?
>"What's not to like? Custard, good. Jam, good. Beef, GOOD!". >It tastes like feet!
@USER Ohh shit petey you're here too !?!?! @USER Yerp! Near the escalator.
I used to have plantar fasciitis - constant near-crippling pain in my feet. My podiatrist said to never go barefoot while standing other than in the shower. He specifically said to wear Crocs in the house. 
The pain went away pretty quickly and hasn't come back. So Crocs in the house it is. Same. But it’s super foamy pool slides I wear. It’s like having an anti- fatigue matt under my feet at all times but with arch support.
AITA for throwing my sister in front of a train
Little bit of back story: My sister just bought me a apple watch, it wasn't the newest so I was super pissed. Like what the hell? Who buys an apple product and not the newest? But anyway I was annoyed all day. It was my birthday and my dad bought me a new Ipad which was nice altough only the 128 GB version and I asked for the 256 GB.
So to the point. I was at the train station with my sister and my. And I put the Apple watch my sister gave me on craigslist for free to pick up. (Who's gonna use that trash LMAO) So my sister saw me do that. She got angry at me like what the hell? So as the train came up to the platform I pushed her in front of it.
I am now faced with charge of murder, like wtf she got what she deserved. I am now posting this from her funeral laughing my ass off.
Was I the asshole? I don't think I did wrong neither do my friends and 4 million instagram followers. This is just a waste of time smh... this is old.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER See you later ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ta! See you later ✊??
Is it because I'm not British (though I've lived in the UK since arriving from Ireland as a young child) that I can't relate to this mass 'grief' around the death of the Queen? @USER No

It is because you are rational.
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious. @USER Yes. Doing that seems often ostracises others. It’s better to confine and limit your vocabulary so that all and sundry can understand. Communication needs to be short and succinct. Longer sentences do not necessarily convey the same meaning and can cause confusion.
Area 51. I work @ the krusty crab.
U have problem with ur life

Look at him
ତିନି ବେଳା ରୋଷେଇ କରି, 
ମଉସା ମାଉସୀ ଙ୍କ ସବୁ କଥା ବୁଝି 
ଗୋଟେ ମାସିକ ପତ୍ରିକାର ସମ୍ପାଦକ ହେଇ
 ସୋସିଆ ମିଡିଆ ରେ ଯଥେଷ୍ଟ ସମୟ ଦେଇ ବି ଆଜି ସେ OAS ପାଇଛନ୍ତି।
ତାଙ୍କ ସଫଳତା ଯେମିତି ଲାଗୁଚି ଆମ ପରିବାର କାହାର ସଫଳତା।
ପ୍ରେରଣାର ଉତ୍ସ ସେ
❤️ ତାପସ ଭାଇ. @USER ❤️ ଭଲ ଲୋକ ସଫଳତା ପାଇଲେ ଭଗବାନଙ୍କ ଉପରେ ଭରସା ଆସେ ଓ ବଞ୍ଚିବାକୁ ଇଚ୍ଛା ହୁଏ.
Hey I hope you get better soon anyway. Thanks.
Have you been to the Far East or Northern Italy for eg. ? If not then probably statistically low risk. Frankly though if I were one of your clients I wouldn’t thank you for turning up with a stinking cold or standard flu either. Yeah, I think I might cancel, I'm pretty sure I know who I picked this up off as well, and on the phone they told me they were under the weather, and I was like "we should cancel our meeting then, and you should get some rest and we'll meet when you're 100%", but then they were insistent they were okay and we should still meet, and I was reluctantly like "okay", and they turned up and they clearly weren't okay.
Not gonna lie, I'm a bit pissed off at them, so yeah, don't want to be that person!
@USER looks so nice.... @USER Amazing national park within the town.  Just need to acclimatise to the humidity.
Meet like-minded friends 
Vet and follow anyone that 
gives this tweet a ❤️

Please Retweet. @USER  @USER How come I’ve politely asked you for a boost many times but you ignore me?
Anyone optimistic about the future? Climate Change does not allow me to be optimistic.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER safe travels guys and have a great time! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Garry! X.
Take the packing to back shelf if you don’t have lightening packing game.
Load the heavy stuff onto the conveyor first, lay out big bags in the trolley. Go go go. Tactical veg in the middle to slow them down.
@USER ???⚡️Tough Gig for the Aussies! Great turn up Kiwis ⚡️? @USER Love to see it!
Is anyone actually afraid? I see stories but not one person I know cares about it, and I have friends that work in the medical field. I have a friend who, while young, has a compromised immune system due to some weird birth defect. 
He is quite worried that he might die if he gets it. Rightfully so, as he's in the group that is more likely to die from it if infected.
Thank you guys for making me feel so welcome. And being so helpful! This is a nice space. Have a virtual hug.
It's always darkest before the dawn
I am sure someone who needs to after reading your post would also find not everything is lost & it's never too late to turn your life around.
:)
Regards
Buntoley.
Gunter. Probably the only one here that I've never ever used.
A mate of mine found a baby duck in his closed off yard once, he took it in and it grew into a fuck of great big white duck, he keeps ducks now.
He reckons a seagull nicked it from a farm and dropped it. so the tale of the stork bringing babies is based in truth after all...
Bugger no dunny paper oh well courier mail will have to do. Just remember to crumple, roll and crumple. You dont want to end up with "Murdoch red ass syndrome" Its bad when your ass looks like his face.
@USER Good job  @USER you are starting to be a blessed ‘WarPresident’ that’s what we need now! @USER  @USER  @USER War president? Is this satire? Something tells me to you'd be singing a different tune if you were over there fighting.
Because we as an Indian fighting with each other over religious stuff instead of working towards the growth of the economy. >Fighting each other?      
We don’t really have a choice in that, its a state sponsored contest with the aid of certain media agencies.  
And our regressive culture is helping all this shit.
@USER Massively uneducated boy. Beyond brainless. @USER But, but but, he has a LAW DEGREE!!!
???
Schofield and Willoughby say they didn't jump queue when they did. @USER of course they did...
@USER I think if im right in saying it was  @USER and @MacMate_. @USER  @USER  @USER Ye mate. F channel rise up.
A new one for you; the Chinese government are responsible for the implementation & the outbreak of the Coronavirus. 
... do you see rioting anymore? Maybe it doesn't exist.. they perpetuated coronavirus as a way to bar the Hong Kong riots from being in the news. The worst part, this virus is halting global markets and striking fear in everyone.
Congress seems inactive in Gujarat, but it is silently going to villages and towns and trying to convince people to vote against BJP: PM Modi. @USER Old school.
@USER No way!! It's literally NEVER too late to learn, to live, to love. We only live once: grab every moment of joy you can!! ❤️. @USER Thank you. Pain gets the better of us sometimes. ??
The book is what got me into reading, [I mean I could read, but was 'too cool' for it as a teen], when I was about 15. 
Saw a program about top 100 books, where actors introducted a book/acted some of it out, and hitchhikers was presented by 
Sanjeev Bhaskar. He acted out some of stuff about the computer giving the "42" answer and I found it hilarious. Read the book, then the next one.......and the other 3 as well. Loved every single page of them. 
Since then, these books have spun me off into reading anything/everything I can get my hands on. So thank you Douglas Adams and Sanjeev for bringing this to my attention some 16+ years ago. > Sanjeev Bhaskar
Huh, I always wondered if it was a deliberate reference:
When talking about The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy for the British Book Awards, Sanjeev Bhaskar stated that he chose 42 as the house number because in the Hitchhiker's series 42 features prominently as the Answer to Life, the Universe, and Everything.
Will they go up again? URL  watch this it will help.
Niggas be acting like they never saw a thick girl before? @USER Thickness.
@USER A beautiful partial melanistic Leopard. There is another partial melanistic one at Pench -Madhya Pradesh too ? @USER Good info.
Be the hokey!

Roman Dolidze is ruthless. #UFCAustin. Wonder how much that clash of heads affected that fight. Even still, great performance by Dolidze.
Morning, just heard from my landlord my rent is going up. #ToriesDestroyingOurCountry #ToriesUnfitToGovern. @USER Is it in writing..? If not, rise not legally enforceable....
Nothing to see here just a Chinese vessel mapping the ocean to prepare for a possible china America war. More likely looking for the undersea internet/other communication cables so they know where to cut if/when...
Weak men are the most dangerous humans in the world. @USER Yes they are.
be prepared to be called a Hindu Apologist, a leftish libtard and a weak, beta fiberal. Hahaha, I've been called all three in this thread itself. It's absurd, I thought denouncing those who rape, murder and pillage would unite people rather than have them insult me.
Can I ask and I apologise as it's a bit deep for a Saturday eve, but does humour help with your mental health, it has helped me over the past few years thats why I ask.... @USER I think so. And conversation.
Opposite of overpriced. Entire draw of it is how cheap it is. Use the change at the bottom of my pocket that never gets used for anything else. Yes it's inexpensive but IMO it's overpriced for what it is. The price of the mediocre sausage rolls is shocking.
Had a glance at the 6 o'çlock headlines, it's all "this is what you need to buy to prepare."
The next few days will be interesting. Commercial news is all about
NEWS ALERT
Is [some ongoing event] about to [speculation without evidence to cause viewer concern]?
We'll tell you how to protect [pause] your family.
BREAKING REPORT: Marine Recruit, Private First Class Javier Pong – [18 YEARS-OLD] – Dies After Collapsing During a Training Exercise at Camp Pendleton... @USER  @USER Prayers for the family ?❤️?  #RIP.
ଅର୍ଚନା ନାଗ ସର୍ବଦଳୀୟ ବୁଦ୍ଧିମତୀ ମହିଳା ଟିଏ ଥିଲେ
ବିଜେଡି,ବିଜେପି, କଂଗ୍ରେସ ସବୁ ଦଳର ନେତାଙ୍କ ସହ ସମ୍ପର୍କ ସ୍ଥାପନ କରି ରଖିଥିଲେ
ଯାହା ଫଳରେ ଏତେ ବଡ଼ ଘଟଣା ଉପରେ ଏବେ କେହି କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ  ଆନ୍ଦୋଳନ କରିବେନି
ସମସ୍ତଙ୍କର ତ ଏଠି କେଂ,କିଏ କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ କହିବ....?? @USER We r targetting one girl here,many women who r staying in BBSR in independent houses r involved in illegal criminal activities.There is no background check happening in apartments and independent houses. So many private organizations r getting registered without verification.
They could be everywhere, but the vast majority aren't pest species that interact with humans; most that do live here (if any) are probably all hiding out in the woods and gorse and all and staying the fuck away from people. 
I think for pest species it's the German cockroaches that you'd find here the most, but they aren't native; usually they get brought over in shipments or in people's luggage and then go on to infest the surrounding buildings. Even the pest ones are very skittish and good at hiding, so your building could easily be full of 'em without you noticing for a long time, and if you see one, he almost certainly has a few thousand close relatives nearby out of sight. 
If you really want to see cockroaches for some strange reason, just head to the southeast US and you'll see some shit all right. I once spotted one in the kitchen in the house I grew up in down in Florida because I was in the sitting room watching TV and I heard it walking around. I dropped a cereal bowl on top of it and went to go grab something to capture it with, and when I got back the entire fucking bowl was trundling across the kitchen floor; that thing gave no fucks. 
Oh, and did I mention some of the bigger ones (yes, there were bigger ones) fly? Back in Georgia I had a nest of 'em take up residence on my roof once, and every now and again one would get lost up there and fall down the chimney or the bathroom vent. Nothing like sitting on the toilet doing your business and hearing this *thud* *thud* *thud* *thud* *thud* sound descending the vent pipe, and then *schlorp*, out pops an enormous and mildly concussed cockroach which then proceeds to freak the fuck out and go whizzing around the room randomly bouncing off of everything, including your face. 
So yeah, tl;dr: don't look the gift of your lack of cockroaches in the mandibles. That is hilarious and horrifying.  Thank you for the travel warning.
@USER Hannah &amp; Nick . Now that is really getting close to nature !!! Foxes are very cool was at Rockley Park last week in caravan in  Dorset and got to feed a fox one night.obligatory trip to Studlands and sea was quite warm.. H. @USER Sounds great! We swam at port meadow yesterday. The river is definitely starting to cool….
Peter Dutton is on  @USER again this Sunday This is his third appearance since the election. @USER  @USER  @USER Haven't watched since just after Speers took over... Don't need his biased Murdoch ignorance in my life &amp; he does not even try to hide his, or the bias of 'our' @ABCTV..
@USER Just wait until people don’t hit on them ? @USER Lmfao I’m definitely muting all of it.
You guys do realize that IT founders and scientists tend to be religious right? What.. ?, No
Being an IT guys or a scientists have nothing to do with being religious.
On the contrary, many scientists become atheistic overtime.
Please tell me you have helmet cam footage! mope :( I'm going to get one after this, its the third or fourth time i've come across something so obviously dangerous and blatant on the bike.
In fairness, a British van would be on the hard shoulder. God bless British Leyland and all the plants on the hard shoulder their broken down vans watered.
Fu#$ing eye watering.
But we can't afford to increase Newstart.
Trump would be proud. This is what would really stimulate economy.
Hitler. Oh wait. Y hide score?
God wasted a fine asshole when he put teeth in Tushar Kapoor's mouth. WTF. This comment had me rolling. Lol. Dude!!!
Of the top spenders:
Latvia - To deter Russia
Estonia - To deter Russia
Greece - To deter Turkey
Cyprus - The other half of their island is occupied by Turkey
France - Involved in multiple engagements around the world. Takes a lead in European defense. Maintains an expensive modern nuclear deterrent.   
There is an argument for contributing more to defense in the region as a whole that said.
What does Ireland need to deter? >What does Ireland need to deter?
Take a look to the east.
Hot chocolate from Greggs. Maybe tomorrow on my way to work.
Coronavirus: Come for the Lung Disease, stay for a good case of fucking diarrhea. I just flushed my toilet.
Its a "Caroma" cistern. Clean flush it states.!
Push them down and fart in their mouth to assert dominance. Peter?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hello bro iam also facing same issue on my poco X2 .. so what is next your move... Plz help me. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER this my insta I'd DM me bro @ms__akshay.
@USER Morning Elaine ? @USER Morning Maggie.
Schofield “It was one of the most profound moments of my life” Also Schofield “We did not pass the coffin and were there in a purely professional capacity” ? #ThisMorning. @USER BULLSHIT.
OK, who else can I offend? @USER The french. They always deserve it.
Wanna know something funny I have never had an award. Not a very innovative way to try and get one either.
I would've but I don't trust someone with that username. I understand you and i am trying to be honest with that user name ?
Whereabouts. Bump. I'm also interested.
Please tell me that's photo-shopped. It's photoshopped.
We cultivate hope differently across cultures, classes, religions, and gender.

Place is the context from which our agency of hope emerges, for the marginalised and also for the privileged. 

(read on) 1/4. For the privileged, acknowledging that things are hard and speaking up about it is easy. This can be an example of how they cultivate hope.

However, the same cannot be said of those at the margins of society who may simply pacify their adversity and oppression.

(read on) 2/4.
How many years ago was 1951. Yeah that would be NICE to know.
@USER I am Murali Reddy I have NISM 8 Now I am Working In AnandhRati Investment Service. @USER You can surely apply with your CV to our  email id hr@vachanainvestments.com 
My team will get back to you.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. That shit is magic. Clears you right up!
@USER  @USER Any chance of remembering the Southern Hemisphere or will this just be the endless US tour again? @USER  @USER  @USER Always comes down to promoters. If someone puts up the money for a tour of that region, I'm sure the band would love it. With touring expenses these days, promoters have a lot more to risk with guarantees. Tricky business.
It wasn't a train lol...small maintenance vehicle, but it messed up a lot of train lines. I guess it had the same sort of effect.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ?
Recipe for Fish:

Take a white fish and fillet it.
Brush the side with beaten eggs
Sprinkle peanut chutney on it. Press lightly to ensure it sticks on the fish. (Refer peanut chutney details at end of comment)
flip over and apply eggwash and then chutney sprinkle on it
Fry 2 mins per side on a pan which is on medium heat

Recipe for rice:

Cook rice as you normally do (I used a rice cooker).
After rice is done, mix in chopped fresh herbs ( I used oregano and basil)

Recipe for coconut milk gravy:

In a sauce pan saute chopped onions till they turn translucent. Use oil with a high smoking point or ghee.
Add in chopped tomatoes and mix
add spices (salt as per taste, red chilli powder 1/2 tbsp, turmeric powder 1 tsp, garam masala 1/2tbsp, coriander powder 1/2 tbsp, and asafoetida 1 tsp.)
mix spices and wait for oil to be released.
add 1 can of coconut milk and mix.
bring to boil on high heat. reduce heat and let simmer for 3-5 mins.

Plating:

Use the rice to create a bed/foundation layer
place fried fish
use a ladle or spoon to pour gravy on the sides of the rice (like a moat)
garnish with micro greens or chopped herbs.

Peanut Chutney:
Typically you can purchase dry peanut chutney in indian stores. I have used what is known as 'Shengdana chi chutney' (chutney of groudnuts) commonly used in maharashtra with vada pav. You can make it at as follows at home:

Take peanuts/ground nuts and dry roast them on medium heat till they turn brown
peel off any remaining skin
pound the peanuts in a mortar and pestle along with diced garlic, red chilli powder, cumin seeds, and salt. I use 1/3rd cup of garlic cloves, 1 tbsp red chilli powder, 1 tsp cumin seeds, and 2 sprinkles of salt for 1 cup of peanuts.
You can use a food processor as well, but it will make it a fine powder. mortar and pestle will need some elbow grease but will give a more granular texture. That just looks scrumptious. I am surely gonna try it soon! Thank you for the recipe.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER My memory was the conference last year too fi! What a rollercoaster of a year it’s been ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It certainly has been!
I buy UHT milk despite what people say about it, it tastes creamier to me and I probably use 1 litre every 2 weeks. I live on coke zero so other than the rare times I have cereal or a coffee I drink none. I used UHT for years when I lived a long way from a shop.  Never had a problem with it. I used to get through a liter a day in coffees though.
Black mambas?  He can get fucked.  We have Taipans thank you very much. Exactly! This guy kept getting increasingly annoyed at the fact that Australia is not paved with the blood of millions of people being slaughtered by kangaroos. He thinks that the amount of death kangaroos cause every year is equivocal to the amount of death caused by gun violence in America per year.
Throughout the day (maybe once an hour or so) ask yourself "Am I dreaming?" Then, look around and logically think why you are not dreaming. ("I jump but I am not able to fly. That is my cat which I've had for 4 years. I normally eat soup every day for lunch, etc") Whatever it is, think through it logically.
Eventually, when you are dreaming, you will be able to recognize that you are dreaming because you have done this line of questioning so much. I used to do this and was able to control my dreams because of this technique. Thank you I'll definitely try this.
@USER Gorgeous ??? @USER Thanks Monika?
I don't even know or care to know the truth because this is so obviously clickbait rubbish. The bane of internet information, Jesus.
Does anyone have a decent news outlet other than The Guardian? Something that is simply information even, no clixkbait and sensational rubbish to entertain the lowest common denominator... RTÉ are fairly good for it.
Goodness me. They look outstanding. Please tell me there is lashinngs of gravy to dunk them in. Thank you!! Indeed there was :).
Who of my friends here is going  to the cricket Sunday?

TBH I am expecting crickets as you are mostly a football mob. @USER I'll be working it.
@USER Good Morning Forgetfulness!  Have a fantastic Thursday my friend!?? @USER Thank you Errol.?
Once people think that everything is created by God, thinking stops.
Whatever happens, is the work of Gods. No it's not.
So is there a set annual date for these things or is it more whenever they reach a certain number, like once they have a thousand or so people? I think they have about 3 a year, maybe moving between Killarney and the Convention Centre. A few of the women in work have gone become citizens in the last 2 years. 
The Polish woman had to go to Killarney which she wasn't happy about, but she's also rarely happy.
@USER You can't hide those lion eyes. @USER Yes, I know a contraction is cheating.
Heavy metal is the best medicine ? @USER For what?
They're acting? Wait so they weren't non related by blood?
ஆடு இல்லாத தமிழ்நாடு அமைதியா தான் இருக்கு!?

Verified ? @USER Very correct.  Only I miss daily comedy  !!   All times happy is good for health but i miss only Because of Mr Adu Ammamalai, sorry come back soon and make TN happy.
Deluded people in Ireland think we should get out of the group ?? worst fans on the planet. @USER What would u recommend or do u think Kenny should or achieve then

I'm curious as I think results r bread n butter over styles

That's just me.
@USER Happy blessed birthday my boy. @USER  @USER ??❤.
Does anyone know how much money you have to have in your account for the UK Ancestry Visa these days? 

(The internet says all sorts of different things. When I last got mine it was $5K.). @USER When I applied for mine in 2006 it was just given and stamped in my passport and returned in like 72 hours. I thought ancestry was ancestry not a money privilege minimum.
Hacking. r/technicallythetruth.
Legit question: if shit does hit the fan, can Muslim countries refuse to sell us oil? Or is our market just too big for that? We get most of our oil from Saudis and Iraq
Historically, has it ever happened? Market and also Muslim countries didn't say much about Xinjiang as well and didn't do much about rohingya genocide. 
The middle east is kinda like in a cold war like situation.
@USER There’s only one Queen of Ireland.

Our Lady of Knock. @USER  @USER No , Jean Byrne ( former weather presenter).
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. So would you never pay for any recipe book then?
I don’t follow AFL, (as well as soccer or rugby or union or any other ball sport).
I wouldn’t know half the teams in the league. I don’t care who wins or loses. I hate how it takes up half the newspaper on a Monday, and was excited for electronic news- so I can skip past it. 
I wouldn’t recognise a single player, and never watch or listen to a game. Actually I don’t think a sporting game has ever been watched by either myself or my kids in our house. 
We play sport, we are all good at sport and all games but don’t care to watch others play it. No one in Brisbane follows AFL except 1st & 2nd generation immigrants from Melbourne.
How tf would they read this. Getting someone to read it for them and type a response. Happens sometimes on this sub.
Officials are relying on Whatsapp and other private messaging apps for daily information exchange.   Even the sensitive ones.
Given the nature of these apps , sending highly sensitive information is very risky, 
So govt want to design a similar platform for its officials aiming at  security and keeping the data with in india. 
WhatsApp and other messengers store data in their own deta centers which are not often situated in india. 
Givin the techical literacy of many official,  third party apps are  too risky to transfer sensitive information. Well, that argument doesn’t make sense.
Just what is going to stop someone from hacking this service?
Or if it’s a private firm, just hack the private firm?
In contrast WhatsApp and signal are used by billions everyday, are regularly tested for bugs and breaches by a huge number of cyber security experts.
How precisely will this solution actually be safer, or as feature rich as any other product on the market?
And why the heck are we blowing money on this when we have a whole economy up in flames?
Didn’t know we had mountains named after rashers! They built the mountains in honour of the rashers, I believe.
They ran €10 billion over budget and were supposed to be like the Alps though.
Ah the old 'I've dropped my sweets' dilemma, do you scrabble around and pick them up putting them in the bag because you'll bin them later (liar); do you kick them under the nearest seat or hide them under your feet/bag until you can make a hasty exit; do you break down in tears at the latest shit hand life has dealt you?
Or do you just sit on the floor and eat them whilst making eye contact with all around you daring them to challenge your need for sugary goodness? I spilled a tiny bit of coke on the empty seat next to me and I had nothing to dry it up with, and because the seat was kind of waterproof it wouldn't soak, so I just had to desperately hope no one sat there until I could get off.
You do realise that to ‘take that on notice’ means that they have to provide an answer, just that they don’t have the information at that time? Yes.
He would have been aware prior to estimates what the questioning would be about.
He either did not prepare or was unwilling to prepare for those questions.
It also means all answers to questions are not "off his head" and are in written form after consulting with other bodies (ie. including potentially the government or minister of the day).
Edit: 
Plus if his responses were standard business, it wouldn't have been reported on by multiple news articles and MPs.
Alakazam. He is just perfect. If only he had better defense.
Looks like NCP will also go the hindutva route after sharad pawar dies. when did NCP have an ideology.
Many Irish Americans who care about parades are still card carrying Catholics. So yeah.
Are the super Catholic old schoolers in Ireland also lgbtq+ allies? Or do they also go with what the Church says?
Or have even the old school over 50+ folks turned away from the Church at this point? Most catholics I know in Ireland have a brain and are compassionate & accepting towards others, unlike in America where they just use religion to hide their hate.
Never have liked them or Stephen mulhurn. Oh I can't fucking abide him!
To busy raiding the ABC for whistleblowers who outed the government's corruption. Besides they are too busy surfing through everyones metadata for the political dirt units. "Sic em Mate".
We are not COMIES. We believe In FREEDOM. K. I think you’re thinking about fascism.
469+1th comment. silver phek ke maru?
@USER  @USER Thought the exact same a few weeks ago arriving into it. Dublin Airport is a proper kip on the arrivals side. @USER  @USER  @USER Kip on all sides.
I went there about 10 years ago. Costs about £20 to go in and it's just a greenhouse. Completely agree. It's just a fairly posh garden centre where you can't buy any of the plants.
The only redeeming feature was the unbelievable size of the slice of cake I got from the cafe at the end. I actually didn't need any dinner.
I went off at my JobSearch provider. The one you’re with gets $500+ per jobseeker, only for them to be useless and I still had to find my own jobs anyway. I asked them “What exactly do you do?!”. 
I literally got no help from them and Centrelink pays them to help me! It’s literally a cash grab.
They told me I was rude for asking them what is their purpose?!
Here’s something they keep hush hush, its your right to choose your own JobSearch provider! If you aren’t happy with the support they give you, you can ask for a transfer to your chosen one. It's almost like just having one public job service provider run by the Commonwealth would work.  If there's no incentive for profit then the focus would naturally turn to "shock horror" actually finding work for jobseekers.
@USER HELL YEA THATS A FACT! @USER FAM the sauce was straight fye no ?
This reminds me of the Guinness brewery in Dublin. Guinness (in the unlikely event that you're unaware) is an iconic irish beer whose very existence is tightly entwined with Irish culture. (Think India & chai) Turns out Arthur Guinness, the founder was a Protestant absentee slum landlord who fully supported the British occupation of that country, dutifully paid taxes to Westminster and supported the suppression & eradication of the native culture.. Damm, never knew this.
But conflict between unionist and nationalists is not like anything we see in subcontinent.
Even with religious differences, Europeans helped each other like saxony being protestant helped catholic Habsburg who slaughtered protestants.
@USER  @USER ? @USER  @USER Renewals now.
I’ve never been very liquorice at puns so I won’t bother trying. Deep.
Horses is a fucking garbage song, when did it become a cultural touchstone because I thought it was shithouse back in the 90s too. I wasn't a fan when it came out either.
From  what I've heard, it was so shit the clubs started to use it as a last song of the night. To get people to fuck off home! Of course, everyone's happy and pissed so it became tied in with that feeling and now there's a generation that think it's awesome.
Idiots.
Clinton body count. There are too many “robberies gone wrong” and “suicides” surrounding their political controversies that it is surely them calling the hits. His name was Seth Rich.
No surprises. BJP wants power at any cost. They don't mind even if country get burned. All the electoral money at play!
Have you ever been accused of telling lies when you have been nothing but truthful to someone? I have and it’s absolutely soul destroying! ?? i need Jeremy Kyle to give me a lie detector #leavemealone. @USER Yes…and yes.
Had my Autumn covid booster this morning and thought I’d got away without any issues. Fast forward 12 hours and I can barely move my arm ??‍♀️. @USER Nooo ?
They come out with these articles every few days, boomers still bitch how they had it harder. Politicians do nothing and we await the next article to tell us this again. Depressing, but this is what Australia votes for and they will do it again next election, its the "fuck you, got mine" mentality of the old. The News Corp article is a bit rubbish. I'm going to plug this video from the Royal Institute on the topic of young people getting screwed, especially on housing, and how much harder they have it.
Leticia James has moved her Press Conference to 11:30am. 

Just FYI. @USER I suspect that Donald Trump's  taxes will finally be released and she will take him to court for tax evasion in the state. His cult still won't believe whatever she says. The rest of us will, though, and that's what matters.
Sad how many young people still choose to follow regressive practices. In UP,what else do they have? no job,no empathy,no love.
Anyone ever fractured the wrist or surrounding area? If so when cast comes off is it proper weak and need physio? @USER Still banged up mate?? Fuck me I put my foot right in it tapping u on the head in coach when your jaw was done in aswell ??
@USER May I ask what exactly it is ? @USER  @USER Hot buttered crumpets ?
This is the dickhead that urged more Holocaust education after Anti Semitic attacks last year  URL 
I guess it's all good humour and school boy antics Josh, until it's in your own backyard. Of all people, he should know better to pull his head in. Considering one of his staffers is incredibly anti-Semitic and Scott Morrison's got QAnon nutbags whispering in his ear I'm amazed Frydenberg hasn't realised he's in a shark tank and his bathers are made of chum.
If your Twitter Crush said “Ima be in your area a couple hours away, can you come and let me take you on a date?” Not a link, a legit date. Would you go? Or no? Are you scared? @USER I would I'm never scared of shit but women are just as crazy as a man these day's ?  real shit ? but I love to try new shit ???✌️.
The kind of venom Hindutva supporters are spewing at Mulayam Singh Yadav on his demise is at another level altogether. @USER A tragic chapter in the history by Indian Democracy shall come to an end soon. The Hindutva groups &amp; the body media will be paying a price for their Unconstitutional blunders. Jai Hind.
My first girlfriend gave me the same nickname. Guess that explains the username.
Soap and hot water is all you need. Hand sanitizer is only useful if  you are out and about. yes thats what I want it for. I used to carry around a small bottle of some pink stuff that we used to clean hands out and about. At home, I just use soap.
Day off today but it's too wet &amp; miserable to do anything out side. What to do? Ooooh, forget last tweet.  #Bathurst1000 is on TV so that sorts my day out.
The thought of being anxious. Vicious cycle. Same.
@USER Gm gm. @USER GM GM.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ah, Packie that’s magic. Some memories. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Remember we went there in 94 Paul.
Gotta commit to the lie. 
Youngish (25-30) guy, what I think is his mum and a mate come to door. Main guy p1 is up first. 
After ID checks etc 
B1 “I need to do a quick search if that’s ok before I can get you in here”
P1 “yea of course, go ahead”
B1 direct to the little pocket you get on jeans. And pull out a bag of again cocaine. 
P1 just stares at me blankly and then asks “ok am I ok to go in then?”
B1 “no sorry mate you’re in possession of drugs you’re not coming in here”
P1 “ohh that’s not mine”
B1 “who’s is it”
P1 “I don’t know” 
P2 and P3 look on in astonishment. Obviously unaware this guy does coke.
To spare you from an Inane back and forth that followed this as he was 100% adamant it wasn’t his, he don’t know how it got there. (I did confirm they were indeed his trousers just in case) still staring blankly. B2 and B3 are dying with laughter as it’s beyond silly now but he’s so committed to the lie it’s almost admirable. 
Eventually his mum got his arm and dragged him off up the road. This is my favourite.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Melbourne is winter, winter, winter, winter as far as I'm concerned.
Red Dead Redemption 2. Without spoiling too much it just felt way too personal and I’m still not over it. Before playing it, I knew how it was going to end, but I still cried, I felt that Arthur deserved the best.
@USER U said they re supportive. @USER They're supportive in some things and not in some.
Did no-one tell the Laois folk there was supposed to be more than just the name? Whoever did Cork's one is letting down the team too. I mean, come on, we're the biggest county! They had the most stone to work with! The potential was there!
The wind is fucking off, the problem is that it's fucking off very quickly, which makes it very windy. Technically the wind doesn't fuck off, it fucks in, from high pressure areas to low pressure areas.
@USER  @USER Ця стара хвойда ще жива? @USER  @USER Жива і  вилізла так само, як і папа, і маск та інші. Пішло лайно просто водоспадом.
@USER Good morning young Lee. @USER Happy Thursday Blackstar.❤.
less discriminatory than partition though. MOVE ON FROM THE PARTITION 
The descendants of people (myself included) that experienced the partition have moved on. Why can't you people?
The way it's taught, you're not handed novels in French and just told, translate that and then explain the themes and nuanced readings in the language you're still not fluent in...
I still have better French than Irish after 21 years being out of school. It's just a shame imo. I would really like to be able to speak our language properly but I have an Irish oral for the LC soon and it is actually embarrassing that I'm still struggling to hold a general conversation after 13 years of learning it.
I have a company credit card for entertaining customers which I have, on occasion, used to purchase an extravagant selection of biscuits for the office. How extravagant?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Many congratulations,  @USER bhaiya. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations to you, too-  @USER It was the first #GBD paper we worked on in early 2020.
Christianity
EDIT: idk why there is so much hate but just saying i have been a christian my whole life. So christianity is the only fake religion and all the ones ones are right? My rebuttle to your comment is “Islam”.
मुझको बारिश पसंद है...?️

और तुमको..? ? @USER Mujhe tum.
Boris Johnson ignores his responsibilities here and goes scuttling off to Ukraine in a desperate bid to be photographed next to the only person in the world who  likes him. @USER You mean the only European leader who has backed him unequivocally?
US and UK pints are different by about 20% because they are derived from a gallon, which is also different between the two countries.
We have a 4 year old milk addict in the house and we have cereal too so we probably get through 12 UK pints a week, plus the Mrs has soya milk, so maybe 4 UK pints of that too. Thank you for this. May I ask, is a UK pint 20% more or less than a US pint? I’ve never known about this and I want to know more.
Yes, the Japanese government really fucked that up. Locking everyone on the ship meant far more people caught it. Sure, it ended up being the wrong decision. 
I work in operations and logistics, and I’m involved with accommodation and people living in close quarters. 
Keeping people on the ship was really the only decision that could’ve been made at the time. There would’ve been no scenario in which the government or any other organisation would’ve recommended removing everyone from the ship and placing them quarantine somewhere else. 
It looks bad in hindsight, but the key priority would’ve been to minimise the spread of the virus among the greater population of Japan and Asia, not among the cruise ship passengers themselves. I know that sounds a bit morbid, but it’s accurate and they did mostly contain the virus to the ship itself. 
People also underestimate how hard it would have been to find any other accommodation or grounds that would’ve been a better choice. You’re talking about finding an isolated place, with thousands of individual rooms, already empty, ready to receive, feed, and treat thousands of people - all within a small enough distance from the ship as to not risk the public. It’s almost impossible at short notice.
Epstein didn’t kill him self, and how the Coronavirus magically trounced the Hong Kong protests. Yes I'm sure China decimated its entire country and economy to temporarily remove HK out of the news cycle (after the media had mostly gotten over it anyway).
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER We are forwarding your complaint to the concerned department for necessary action. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Sir, no action has been taken to date. Please take urgent action in the matter.
Next week marks 6 years since Brexit. It's been one hell of a ride. That promise of Brexit, of taking back control, won't be complete until Northern Ireland is out of the EU single market and the whole of the UK is free of Euro courts. @USER The ECHR is NOT an EU institution!!! It was literally started in part by Winston Churchill!!
@USER I'd add Dames Maggie Smith and Shirley Bassey. @USER Yep definitely.
I once left a neutral review at an italian restaurant. They tracked down my friend who made the booking, called HIS PARENTS and told them their entire extended family wouldn't be allowed back unless they convinced me to pull my review. If you don't like bad reviews, do something about your service or don't own a business. 
Still salty. URL 
check out this post.
@USER Jaylen is not overrated by anyone. He’s by far the most underrated player in the league. He’s easily top 20, but most people sadly don’t see how talented he truly is. @USER  @USER Absolutely.
जय श्री राम! हे तुमचंच सगळ्यांचं हँडल आहे. म्हणून, तुम्हाला प्रत्येकाला आज मी 25K वेळा मनापासून धन्यवाद देतो. नमन..? @USER Congratulations ?
@USER CRH artist. @USER  @USER That looks about as interesting as a carpark.
Have you been to the Far East or Northern Italy for eg. ? If not then probably statistically low risk. Frankly though if I were one of your clients I wouldn’t thank you for turning up with a stinking cold or standard flu either. Yeah, I think I might cancel, I'm pretty sure I know who I picked this up off as well, and on the phone they told me they were under the weather, and I was like "we should cancel our meeting then, and you should get some rest and we'll meet when you're 100%", but then they were insistent they were okay and we should still meet, and I was reluctantly like "okay", and they turned up and they clearly weren't okay.
Not gonna lie, I'm a bit pissed off at them, so yeah, don't want to be that person!
What an evil little tool. In the article they said his lawyer is claiming his behaviour wasn't entirely his fault because of his autism...I'm autistic and cannot stand that kind of language, he decided to rape and murder her because he wanted to, that's all there is to it. > I'm autistic and cannot stand that kind of language, he decided to rape and murder her because he wanted to, that's all there is to it.
I totally agree with you.
As I dive more into health challenges that are prevalent within my family &amp; friends (heart disease, auto immune diseases, neurological diseases), research points to improving food choices for better nutrient density. Getting in protein, fiber, antioxidants &amp; the vitamins/minerals from whole food/plant food choices can make a huge difference.

 @USER has an amazing book called “How Not to Die”. I’m not saying to follow it directly, but it is definitely worth getting some ideas from.
India is getting isolated internationally for no apparent benefits!
&#x200B;
Iran was selling oil at discounted price to India, if oil supply from middle east gets disrupted, will bhakts run vehicles using cow urine?
&#x200B;
#tadipar #jumlabaaz #chaddichandan. Dalits will be drafted. cycle rickshaws will come back in vogue.
Northern Ireland would like a quiet word. Northern Ireland doesn't have any quiet words. ;).
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER I do a very good Ruth imitation so if you need a sister the Langmores didn’t know they had…….
These days, I have the privilege of interacting almost daily with Ukrainians — senior government officials,  journalists, diplomats, NGO leaders, soldiers, business leaders, academics, students. &amp; every time I do, my awe for their spirit, intelligence, bravery &amp; convictions grows. @USER Are you a warmonger?
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I do not believe that an obvious and fairly openly committed conspiracy happened to coincide with Epstein also deciding to take his own life.
How tf people keep travelling all the fucking time? Paisa ugate he shayd.
It sometimes scares me to think how close Ireland came to being a communist state. How...how close do you think we were?
The closest Ireland has come to communism was the election of FF in 1932, or at least, so Cumann Na nGaedheal claimed.
Can we just stop with this now? I enjoy finding out the backstory, and what happened next.
After 9 years of failing to deliver training and skills Suusssaaan Ley’s answer is to throw the elderly into a building site. I could just imagine an 80 something woman building a house? We are really witnessing the leftovers- Bubble and Squeak? @USER  @USER The SUSS bitch has never had a portfolio that she has not hated. Does she honestly have a positive bone in her body? Or is she just another Murdocrazy/LNP stooge whose life's ambition is to take the heat off the puppet masters?
Cashless Bail MUST be REPEALED!

Judges need discretion to weigh dangerousness.

Criminals shouldn’t be able to chop up tables &amp; walls of a McDonald’s, swinging the hatchet wildly at customers, &amp; be released from custody before the fries get cold.

We must take back our streets! @USER What about the group of guys that were beating on him first?  Shouldn’t they have been arrested as well?
I think they are trying to keep this thing in the news until Bihar elections, just before the election they will execute them and ask for votes on that. why didn't they do this for Delhi elections ?
Anyway, I wonder who is financing these rapists to file so many petitions, pay for lawyers ?
@USER Oh dear what an awful ? thing to happen you didn't say wat happened and wat a beautiful tribute ? such a lovely video and song ❤ very tearful. @USER  @USER He went wrong during the race , looked like a leg break , very sad ?
@USER If am correct you haven’t reply his/her message that’s the reason why he/she told you that you are arrogant. @USER I thought the same thing.
@USER Dopeneess ? @USER Cheers mate! Good to hear from ya ???
Republican? Actually made me laugh, thank you.
@USER This looks like an approaching apocalypse ! @USER Now its gone!
RTE pundits sometimes hard to listen to ? @USER 100% right.
You can get turkey unicorns and things these days. They're just reshaped turkey Dinosaurs/Jetters/Drummers. Sad face.
Not a great Stingray hunter though.... Yeah, that's true. He did say once that stingrays were a bit of a thorn in his side though.
@USER Good morning bro. @USER Have a good one.
@USER my postpaid due was on last day that's 7 October and due to travel I missed it. I made payment on 8th morning but the late  charges are hefty that's INR 590
I have always paid on time. Kindly remove it 
#Paytm #paytmkaro. @USER  @USER  i haven't received any communication yet.
Be the hokey!

Roman Dolidze is ruthless. #UFCAustin. Wonder how much that clash of heads affected that fight. Even still, great performance by Dolidze.
@USER Some  says im aggressive .people  lables very  easily .without  knowing   the truth .recently one woman said im over reacting ?? @USER Do you remember one day a girl who thinks she is famous on Twitter scolded us a lot for the comment we made,A lot of other girls joined that girl and scolded us a lot, Remember,we kept our mouths shut because we didn't want to overreact.They think that only they are right?
Omg where do I get one? Myers. They also sell a notepad of the same pattens lol.
Nobody cares about black history month including a large percentage of blacks . Where'd ya get your stats from, my friend? Do you have a specific percentage that you can give us along with the source you got it from?
I am a founder, I found you? @USER How can.
Eir have been going downhill for at least 6 months now. Their 4g no longer works for me on the Dart or Luas during rush hour. I'm going to change. Yeah I actually have up using my phone on the Luas, 
Who is the best? VODAFONE?
@USER I zoomed in on book titles first, I'm such a nerd :). @USER We hope we passed….? ?
Like why? We get it, coronavirus is serious, but you don't need like 20 packets of toilet rolls?? Wechat + 3x mark up?
isopropyl
YOLO, bb. I like the way you think.
Being silent on Delhi genocide.


Granting permission to file case against KK.


Didn't provided any relief funds to affected people and area (Centre, Delhi Govt Yet to Provide Relief to Riot-Affected People: Fact-Finding Report).


You know what worse? We have AAP bhakts who are defending Kejriwal with their flimsy excuses, as if BJP bhakts weren't enough. I don't understand how people say he has been silent when many of AAP MLAs including Kejriwal have made many speeches and statements about the riots. 
As for the relief efforts, seems like they have been slow. But they are continuing to do the work.
@USER  @USER The unfortunate thing about me is I don’t care I care today but every other day I don’t give a fuck. @USER  @USER We love you Steven ?
I went to Ascot once to watch the Red Bull Air Race. On the train back I was on a carriage with a bunch of drunken men singing sea shanties. That's par for the course for races (does the air race run at the same time?)
I used to work in Chester and on the bus home on race day there was always a drunken crowd of strangers singing, and one guy at the front being the "conductor" who was usually the most pissed.
The SDA is a union run by social conservatives that exists to exert power within the labor party rather than do what is best for their members.
>"The SDA is a tame cat union," says Paul Conway, secretary of left-wing Victorian meatworkers union. "Its primary interest is not its members but numbers in the ACTU and ALP, getting its people into Parliament, having an impact on issues like same-sex marriage."
> URL 
You might have seen recently in the news the pro coal "Otis Group" group in labor. What you might have missed is that that group is predominantly SDA affiliated.
> What is perhaps most curious about the Otis Group, is the prominence of Members and Senators aligned to the Shop Distributive and Allied Employees Association—the Shoppies.
>Let’s go through the list: -
From the Senate:
>* Senator Ciccone: Shoppie.
* Senator Polley: Shoppie.
* Senator Kitching: an honorary Shoppie by virtue of her factional prowess.
* And, of course, The Godfather, Senator Farrell: Shoppie.
>From the House;
>* Daniel Mulino: Shoppie
* Nick Champion: Shoppie.
* Amanda Rishworth: Shoppie.
* Luke Gosling: Shoppie.
* And Anthony Byrne: a so-called ‘Mod’ which a new factional grouping that Guy Rundle
has described as ‘quantum-Shoppies: existing in two factional states simultaneously’.
>By my count, that’s basically half—of the pro-coal group of ALP parliamentarians
who are Shoppies.  And a number of these Shoppies are from places like South Australia, Northern Territory
and my home state of Tasmania where the coal industry is either quite small or non-existent.
>How very curious. Not from coal mining unions; not from coal mining states; but with the numbers in a pro-coal
faction. - The Otis Group could easy be known as the New National Civic Council.
What on earth are those Labor members who have found themselves in the Parliament because
of their affiliation with a union that represents retail workers doing spruiking for coal?
> URL 
Now you might not care about internal labor politics but what it means is that the SDA gives sweetheart deals to companies as long as they help sign up new members for the SDA which gives them more clout inside the labor party.
>A partnership was formalised with the SDA in 1971 when six major retailers, including Coles and Woolies, signed landmark “closed shop” deals under which companies would sign up their staff as SDA members on the union’s behalf. 
> URL 
But it generally means that they don't care about fighting for their members once they are signed up. Nobody wants to make enemies of big companies if they are trying to angle into a cushy parliament job.
Which leads to things like this
>Coles workers have received pay rises of as much as $150 a week after a substandard wages deal between the shop assistants union and supermarket giant was replaced.
>...
>In 2016, the full bench of the Fair Work Commission found that deal failed the "better off overall test", the legal test that workers have to be paid more than the award.
>More than half the workforce was underpaid, evidence from Coles’ own expert showed.
>It took nearly another two years of legal wrangling after that Fair Work ruling for a new agreement to take effect. That deal now largely reflects the minimum rates of the award.
>Nelio Da Silva, who has worked for more than five years at Coles, now gets paid an extra $140 a week under the new deal.
>He recently joined the new union, the Retail and Fast Food Workers Union, whose secretary Josh Cullinan exposed the Coles deal in 2015.
>"'I was always after a union that represented me better,’’ Mr Da Silva said. ''They (SDA) are more conservative and that’s not me.''
>The SDA is well known for its conservative social positions whether on abortion, euthanasia and for many years on same sex marriage.
>It is the largest affiliate of the ALP and has substantial political sway in Labor and the ACTU.
>An Age and SMH investigation across 2015 and 2016 revealed SDA deals across fast food and retail left more than 250,000 workers paid less than the award and saved business at least an estimated $300 million a year.
>But despite that the fate of these workers has drawn little or no support from the broader union movement, even as unions have campaigned against penalty rate cuts, wage theft and flat wages.
>Ms Ramnac had been suspicious of the SDA after her manager at McDonald’s pushed hard for her to join.
>''When I went to McDonald’s they really pushed for the SDA, obviously I joined because I was a vulnerable young worker,'' she says.
>''Soon I realised, on my own terms, they weren’t doing much. When you’re not accountable, not transparent, I can’t trust you.''
> URL 
Hope it helps. I wish it did. 
It sounds mostly political. Kind of curious to hear from people who are with raffwu and whether they're more effective at getting workers what they want.
Good morning Twitter. Positivity is extremely powerful, let's spread as much as we can today! ☕☕??? @USER Good morning hope you have a Terrific Thursday today ☕ ? ?
मुसीबत में अगर मदद माँगो तो सोच कर माँगना,
क्योंकि मुसीबत थोड़ी देर की होती है और एहसान जिंदगी भर का।
 @USER @ACP_SURINDER_K. @USER  @USER 100/ सत्य वचन इस बात का गुनहगार मै खुद हुं मैने भी मद्त मांगी थी मद्त करना तो दूर उस बात का लोगोने ढिंढोरा पिट दिया.
This is some final. Physicality off the charts, tension and a hot crowd. Huge lineout coming here. 

#STOvBUL. @USER Absolutely loving it!!
Did they have a Reliant Regal? Um I don't recall seeing a car like that.
the problem with EAs is that they hold some of the largest vegan conferences in the world, but also think that at least some of the time, the market is the solution. 

this gives bad vibes to everyone. @USER If you view eating animals as a negative externality, or animal welfare as a public good (or both), then the free market is not the solution.
The secret is to count your calories for everything you eat. Calories in - calories out. If you eat an actual portion of ice cream, that’s maybe like 120 calories which isn’t too bad. But if you eat the entire tub or a full bowl you’re in trouble. If you’re looking for casual snacks: veggies. I do celery with low calorie ranch, cherry tomatoes, broccoli, or carrots. I can eat so much for a relatively low amount of calories and it’s very satisfying. Also cut out all soda or drinks except water. Counting calories as a strategy to lose weight generally never works.   
Plus your eating low calorie ranch,  which is probably worse for your health at the end of the day.
Please say a prayer for me for I feel very alone tonight. @USER He'll never leave you nor forsake you. Hold on to that truth.
Philadelphia is where it's at, we're gay af. Yes we’ve seen 76ers fans.
@USER Saves you what, £2,50?? @USER Was about £1.61 all in the jokers.
It isn’t the same contact per se, it’s just that the Govt agency responsible for myGov sends the messages from a name, and not a registered phone number. This makes impersonating them stupidly easy as you’ve seen.
Further, there’s no real global standards for verified SMS which increases the likelihood of people being phished. While Google has made some in-roads for their customers in select countries, it isn’t rolled out in Australia or other major nations. And Apple just keeps hoping more businesses will use their iMessage for business platform, but their rollout of it is as slow as a wet week. ^ good info.
It's sad to see our gov using SMS for MFA, it's a bad practice for several reasons.
The mygov scam emails/SMSes are quite common:  URL.
Event Horizon is pretty wild. Love that film!
Hu toh Bayern fan but El Clasico me Real Madrid ki gand lgte dekh maza ata he.
Too bad TV pe nhi aega ye saal La Liga.
Too tired for Facebook Live or stream. Real won.
Not me spending €60 in Boots when all I needed was toothpaste. @USER That’s a whole lotta lube lol.
Most supermarkets are out of sync as the storms messed up supply chains and deliveries. Supermarkets don't have warehouse space to put too much stuff 'in the back', so when 4deliveries arrive at once, it's bonkers. Stuff gotta go somewhere- shopfloor it is. the lady on the till said something similar, I honestly would not be shocked if she had told me a warehouse was closing, just so odd to see what should be a proper laid out supermarket, just looking a total mess, stuff in any random place, with no care at all.
I live just above coles and have never seen so many empty shelves in last 4 years. I don't understand why stockpile ? If govt announces a lockdown then are grocery stores going to close too? If we enter Wuhan lockdown conditions, you won't be leaving your apartment for 2 weeks.
Let's hope it doesn't come to that.
There are way too many iffy occurrences before, during, and after 9/11. We can safely say the USA govt were incompetent in its prevention at least, and had a knowing hand in it at worse. 
The plane crashing into the towers appears to be doctored. 
All camera footage of the area was confiscated by the govt. Any footage you see online is state sponsored. 
The Air Force bases were ordered to run airline hijacking drills the morning of 9/11 by Dick Cheney (The devil) himself 
Proof that it was a controlled demolition was melted down and erased. 
The third tower, obviously, came down as a result of explosives. 
(I’ve been saving the biggest for last) - one of the alleged pilots of that flew into the towers was found alive and well shortly after and had nothing to do with the events. He’s no where to be found today. 
I hope no one believes in conspiracy theories. They’re just unanswered questions with not enough data to reach a conclusion. 
The troubling thing is, when the data you need comes from the source you suspect of wrong doing then you can either take their word for it, or not trust the data. How, excuse my french, the f r i c c could you actually beleive that 9/11 was faked, there is very conclusive footage, and proof that it was real, and live video of it was recorded on the news, with several witnesses how is it that despite all of that the government could still get away with it? Nobody noticed any fallacies? And why would the government destroy a major financial asset, what motivation do you think they would have for that? The thing about your argument is that it makes no logical sense what so ever, and I guarantee that the person who kamikazed into a building wasn't found perfectly fine afterwards, and the plane crashing into the building looks doctored? What kind of bs is that, you can analyze the footage yourself, or maybe ask a professional to look at it and see it definitely isn't doctored.
Internal matter? ...But India is a signatory to the universal declaration of human rights?..Isnt it ? Question here is , is citizenship a right of  a migrant? .
Whe have a constitution defining the citizenship.
Constitution will take precedence over UNHRC  in terms of deciding on citizenship as unhrzc declaration is nonbinding and we are a sovereign country.
Get Shane Meahan on the pitch #clare. @USER There you go.
I am pro First Past The Post, because I am pro the Labour Party.

Let's not give the extremes the keys to number ten. @USER And how's that working out?
He's been the fucking the country for a while now and I certainly don't consider it consensual! To be fair - we voted him I'm knowing how much he'd fuck us.  I feel he'd have a pretty good argument there was consent.
@USER I have no idea how that game goes but I am one hundred percent positive Tennessee can’t score 50 on LSUs defense. I’d be happy to bet money on this if there are any takers. @USER  @USER Matt House is a great DC. Hated when he left UK but Brad White is damn good too.
Bruh I'm an extended auto confirmed editor on Wikipedia and I'm just staying away from all indian political articles because if any user is found to input bias into these articles, knowingly or unknowingly, they can be banned so most of the stuff that's been written would actually be by non Indian Wikipedians. Also I think that the pages are edit locked so there is no point in bhakts trying to vandalise. Back when CAA was still CAB, somebody had reversed the positions of Hindu and Muslim in the introductory paragraph in a pretty blatant and petty move (Link to fix edit). So this is good news.
@USER Your collars are absolutely gorgeous ?? @USER Oh wow thank you.
From the restaurants who tell you we'll need the table back in 1.5 hours when you book and are being seated
Like that's in my control. This reminds me of the weekend in London. A pre theatre meal has a time limit, and the table is time limited. Had to ask three of the four waiters/ managers that dealt with finishing meals (as opposed to wait staff) for the bill.
one thing about me is that I want a FT salary on PT hours. @USER This is the dream for many ? hope you get it.
One that have boobs. I saw comments like these coming.
Hope he does well. Dalit-Muslim-Adivasi unity only can save this country. We need OBC to realize that they are being used by upper caste to enforce caste system. No change in India is possible without including them. They make around 50% of Indias population.
@USER Good win against a very average Wexford team. Subs &amp; fitness were the difference. FB line quite poor though. Wexford denied a stone wall penalty at the end. Both Clare midfield taken off too. Won't be good enough in the semi. @USER  @USER Twas no penalty! Watch replay u see at least 2 clare backs ar there.
@USER There he is! Miss the big fella, can't wait to voice him again. @USER Thank you, I’ll do my best to catch up the schedule and then into the voice work process! ❤️.
This trade period looks like there is a lot happening and we at Hawthorn are standing still. WTF. @USER I'm not having a go nut what do you want them to do ? Haven't yet seen a deal OM really jealous of Bowes yes but we had a go at that.
Man forget my username, I want to know the story behind yours. Once upon a time was taken and I thought this was the next best alternative.
@USER Stunning ?
Gm gm 
Have a pleasant amazing day. @USER Gm gm. Good day?
I can't listen to newstalk/rte1/today FM anymore, it's wall to wall Corona virus shite repeating itself over and over. I started listening to LBC, it's pretty good. I've been listening to RTE Lyric and loving it.
>    classic tv jingles: Hastings Direct, Calgon
As a 50 year old Brit, I can tell you I have no idea what those sound like.
I could tell you what Shake’n’Vac does though. Yeah get them to do the R White's Lemonade jingle..
Quick reminder: legitimate government websites will end in .gov.au, but you're better off not clicking links in email/SMS regardless.  E.g. the real link is  URL . Like  URL  and  URL 
Consumer facing sites aren't always .gov.au. There are a lot of grey areas these days.
African Greys are supposed to be really smart and friendly. And how much are we looking at for one of these.
Series of doobti quizzes ??? @USER Thread banale.
@USER Do you deny there were followers of Jesus in the 1st century? @USER No I don't deny that Jesus had followers! They were all Jews, As I said, Christianity did not exist nor the Gospels, Good night.
Pass them a barm and ask them what it's called. If they don't fiercely defend their answer while decrying all others, they're a spy. This is, without a shadow of doubt, the best answer here.
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. >If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens.
when has the lnp EVER benefited the citizens EVER.
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER Be Careful. Saw a show once where a guy tripped in his shop, hit his head on a table and knocked himself out. He had something in his hand that started on fire. Shop burned down.
Propoganda it is ..!!!  URL  
They only have 76 followers and this profile was made in Oct 2019 PLUS see the tweets they are doing like the interview of Swara with Abp news (cropped so as to suit bjp narrative) ... 
I don't believe you should trust these Sites. I just saw few other tweets as well which are false including Rajdeep Sardesai's tweet.
So another fuckup by the FAI. Can't really blame the FAI, the referee is supposed to call off the game if it's deemed unplayable.
@USER What's that, a Fox ? @USER It certainly is, the cheeky thing!
People are acting like an unstoppable force of gastro is sweeping the planet. The shit apocalypse. Apoocalypse.
I’ll internally question everything and put pieces together in limbo without saying a word to anyone. That’s why ppl be scared to come to me with bullshit. Foh. @USER Ain't no one getting over like a fat rock on you that's what's up. ? Good morning as well.
@USER [Palghar Lynching Case] Maharashtra Govt says it is willing to hand over investigation to CBI, "would have no objection for the same", their affidavit before Supreme Court reads. When it comes to certain community neither. @USER Hon’ble court had not taken a single step as suo moto cognizance nor to CBI from the first Mob Lynching - Mohsin Shaikh in Pune on 2 June 2014 to A 22-year-old Ejaz Ansari resident of Gumla in Jharkhand.
A Day In The Life or Baba O’ Riley? @USER Beatles.
Why are most of the people in that image wearing a white t-shirt and red cap. And the same hat at that.
I don’t know in what world people are living in where they believe #Ukraine is winning this war. The media are full of shit. #NATO involvement is literally their only life line and that can’t run forever without boiling over - which I would argue is happening already. This has been begging for a global conflict from the start. The media narrative is complete propaganda on all sides. The machine is hungry and it’s overdue. It needs blood and treasure to keep the beast fed. Been that way for centuries. Allegiance is not always a binary choice.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER  @USER Good for you!
read this.
 URL 
&#x200B;
Edit: At least this article wasn't published in a men's fashion/grooming website. Now tell us how credible you think the journal ancient whatever they quote a paper from is. I suggest you look it up, before sharing your opinion, since people can find papers from that journal and discuss.
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Rocky&amp;Bullwinkle.
@USER I agree with you but interesting that both my kids (8&amp;7) LOVE the home shirt and suspect that’s more relevant than one 40-something and another 50-something…! @USER  @USER ❤️❤️❤️.
Trump Supporters believe that they are not treated with respect. @USER Correct, they shouldn’t be.
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars? song was such a banger.
@USER Virtue’s of lies. @USER Not lies.
I'm pretty sure unless one of the workers putting it on the shelf has the virus, and you then touch a product that was contaminated you may get it, as your not gonna get it from the food travelling from Italy and/or China?
I hope. Ah no. I didn’t mean that you’d catch something by buying one of these. Just funny.
Where we fail to see our earthly processes of rule as attempts to convey and symbolise eternal rule, they inevitably degenerate into the exercise of power and contested power. Of course such symbolisation can sanctify abuse, yet we now know that that is the lesser danger. And we know that if Putin were to try to out on a big ritual show it would manifest as vulgar, ugly and threatening. Not so, our British rituals, which convey a solemn looking to the eternal. Lived truth  will symbolically out: it manifests itself as beautiful.
The Thai who murdered the children at the crèche was an ex policeman. He also murdered his wife and child and then he suicided. @USER He was obviously an abusive controller who didn’t like being told what to do. It’s good that women get censured for maybe being erratic a few days a month but men can keep carrying on like this &amp; we don’t ever attribute it to testosterone or gender.
It’s eeth not eh-th. It’s bay-see, not bake. It’s en eff tees, not niftys. Plz stop the madness. @USER I el-oh-elled! I did not loll.
Are you on WhatsApp ...? @USER Yes baby girl ?
Usually their own websites and social media channels. Interesting, thank for the help!
I thought one of them was a disgraced drunk driver, and would never work in TV again. Nah British public love ‘our’ ant and dec too much to care what a disgrace one of them is.
Hi Guys, your proactive AFP here.
We’re right onto this latest development and after a long and comprehensive investigation we have determined that no one has done anything wrong.
If by some chance it turns out that someone has been a bit naughty, it was no doubt a scumbag journalist or the Labor party.
Always happy to help and if you have any questions, just pop them on notice. > We’re right onto this latest development and after a long and comprehensive investigation where we interviewed no one who was involved, we have determined that no one has done anything wrong.
FTFY.
Nobody cares about black history month including a large percentage of blacks . Obviously that's not true.., unless I'm not a person... existential crisis ensues.
Who do you think should sing the next #JamesBond  @USER title song? @USER  @USER Was there ever any truth to the rumour that if Amy Winehouse had gotten clean and sober for a year, Eon were prepared to give her a crack at a Bond song?
Dont we all hate Irish rail ? The rest of Ireland hates it. We just don’t have it.
You can see how this plays out:  @USER cuts swathes of taxes, mostly benefitting better off. Loses 2024 election (sewage/care homes/economy/NHS/sewage). Labour has to put taxes up to restore UK finances. Right wing press goes nuts. Tories get back in in 2028.. @USER  @USER Ah didn't see that. Still figuring out how bankers bonus will help us?.
Today I recorded people’s lips telling stories of loss in response to my recent film. It was heavy but wholesome: we cried, we hugged, we shared &amp; we said the names of those that are no longer with us. It is an utterly humbling privilege to be with people to tell their stories. @USER ❤️.
@USER Happy Birthday King. @USER Thank u Tai Tai ????
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Yes - there are some Muslim majority states like that. 
Albania, Bosnia are probably more secular than India. And to some extent Tunisia, Senegal and few CIS countries (like Azerbaijan).
The Irish Traveller community lost three children to suicide this week. Ages 13, 11 and 9, all bullied to death for their ethnicity. It’s happening week after week and they’re getting younger. We don’t need thoughts and prayers, we need anger and action. @USER I'm so sorry ?
@USER You are one of the loveliest ? people I've ever met. So ignore this unknown person. @USER You made my day??
I ran out of TP and there was absolutely none at my local Woolies
Dangerous times my friends dangerous times. Welcome to the glorious world of shifting in the shower.
My wife. I also choose this man's wife.
@USER Excellent piece Sumant -- one other reasons contractors give for not following safety measures is that lower level bureaucracy take so much bribe that to take care of their own margins, the contractor cuts costs to be bare bone. In return, the safety norms are not enforced. @USER Yes. Corruption is deeply embedded in the system.
"As an effort to further the inclusion, lanyards were given out to those who bought tickets, on which there was a special section for writing one’s pronouns. This was a remarkable touch that a lot of people very much appreciated."
No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. >No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. 
Considering it costs you absolutely nothing to write down your (presumably cis, given your response) pronouns, what's your issue? Takes ten seconds and you can forget it's there. I don't see why you'd ever care.
Given the inherent networking nature of these events, you may we well stick down pronouns along with your name. Literally no reason not to, and to be annoyed by that is stupid.
Writing down pronouns may seem stupid to you (again, presuming you're cis) but it can make things so much easier for any trans members of the community in attendance. 
It's not for you.
Care to be more specific? At the moment you're just asking if anybody's seen a mug. Looking to correct my mistake.
It's not illegal in the end though is it? Lnp voters won't know or simply won't care. They only care about protecting their negative gearing. Every lnp voter i know tells me that's why they vote for them. 
Nothing, not even their children's future outside of this property bubble matter. Lnp could shoot poor ppl in televised safaris and i bet if the opposition promised a 50% cut in property they would stay with lnp. Actually, I suspect due to it being changed during caretaker period, and then signed as an earlier date, it quite probably isn't. Like that changes anything at this point though.
Train your mind to stay calm in every situation. @USER I am calm in every situation.
@USER Your complaint no. is PWD/2022/10/324946. @USER Update pls.
@USER Morning Elaine ? @USER Morning Maggie.
I got a letter from the NHS this morning,
It included instructions in 28 different languages, that's right 28.
Here's a way to save the NHS money, only treat people who speak the language of the country they live in,. @USER A lot of English people don’t understand or speak proper English, init!?
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. Exactly.
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Any Morrisey song.
The U.S. condemns Russia's missile strikes today across Ukraine which injured and killed civilians and demonstrated once again the brutality of Putin’s illegal war.

These attacks only reinforce our commitment to stand with the people of Ukraine for as long as it takes. @USER How about starting peace talks? Ukraine isn't worth risking a nuclear war over. Have our Ambassador in Moscow speak to his counterpart and start talking. Peace starts with one word.
The fuckers aren't even taxed on the money in this country. I always thought it was weird that gambling winnings are taxable in the US. No need for it here.
@USER It wasn't about her or what she wore. I preferred Princess Anne's attitude. She wore a uniform, including trousers, didn't allow the press to witness a squeezed-out tear, was dignified and dutiful. Nothing about her. She knew she was photographed but didn't play to it. Heroic! @USER Nobody photographed her because she looked "beautiful", but she was admired by millions.
@USER ???⚡️Tough Gig for the Aussies! Great turn up Kiwis ⚡️? @USER Love to see it!
I really liked the gentlemen with Matthew mchowevwr you spell it. Saw it, that was good.
I hope India will not make same mistake to add Ruturaj Gaikwad in playing 11.

Simple formula:
Play without Ruturaj and you will win!!
 @USER  @USER #INDvSA. @USER  @USER  @USER Lets give chance to Rahul Tripathi. Or else team will be same which played in ODI in second match.
@USER  @USER  @USER Classic Shan W ? @USER  @USER  @USER Haha  wanted to  “practise what I preach” 

Having spent close to 3 hours advocating people to support aus based projects, would be a shame not to show some support especially when I like the art ❤️ 

On a side note, hoping to fly down to brissy for the event :).
I get a yearly raise which is supposed to be in line with inflation but every year they tell us how many millions in profit they make and how it's not enough to give us all inflation rates so every year I effectively work for 1-2% less than I did the year before. I see you obviously work at the same place I do :-(.
I remember this is when my family and I made the move to Brisbane from UK. it was a bit of a culture shock but there is something special about how 90s Australia felt. I loved going going to an outback school, we ended up in dalby. Guys did 'lappies' in the main street. Underage drinking at Marys pub. (not condoning it) Cigarettes will kill you,  MGF, Regurgitator, powderfinger Recovery, custard. nirvana, foo fighters, Pearl jam, yes spice girls lol. Superjesus was my first concert when I was 18 and living with friends in the late 90s. Livid festival.  I used to mosh! Holy crap lol. Mates I made.The balmy house parties in suburban Brisbane at uni. $1 drinks.  my flatmate watching dawsons creek, going to Lions games with her. Jason Akimanis and Luke Power.
most of the 90s I was at school though. In dalby I remember the Great Locust Plague of 1994. And the mouse plague of '93. National anthem at school assembly. heartbreak High, Drazic, X files, and my friend and I used to make cheesy Mulder and Scully birthday cards. Jimeoin and Bobs cooking show. Aussie comedy. four weddings and a funeral. Listening to Lawsie on the radio with my dad on holidays. riding around town on my bike, dropping in on mates. art class. it was the only one I really liked I think, and English, drama. I remember backchatting teachers. Cross Country runs in 35 degree heat. Celing fans. Lynx deorderant. chatting with my best mate outside school for ages about Ab Fab. we gossipped about teachers like Mrs Brown 'how now brownnn cow' as we watched her drive off in her "Toorak tractor" we used to say. (its ok, bitchiness was deserved),internet got connected in my house when I was in grade 12, I thought it was the biggest deal to be able to chat to a rando across the world.  school camp at Tallebudgera where apparently everyone isn't scared of heights except me. a bat flying into our cabin. my friend screaming. bahaha. Electric blue streaks in my hair. (18) because I thought that was cool ha. qcs exams. excitement about moving out. the last week of school.  yearbooks and saying goodbye. two girls wore the same dress to the year 12 formal and it was awkward.  schoolies. sorry for the punctuation, good thread. Best reply ever.
Washing my hands more. Smart one, you are.
28F is old? What the fuck is wrong with the society today?
Tinder is for fuck boys like us. Would be hard to get what you’re looking for but it’s not impossible.
Aisle is paid and so the crowd is more serious. Yup planning to try Aisle!
Frenkie de jong has turned down beans on toast for his tea tonight and has opted for cheese on toast instead …… yes you get what I’m saying!!!
I know about as much as the other cnts on Twitter who claim to know what’s going on ?‍♂️???? @USER Beans would have been better for him as there’s a lot of fat In cheese even though it was probably Edam.
Suggest Film titles for my new feature film:. @USER  @USER دلہن چند رات کی وہ بھی میاں کے کہنے پر.
In research, it's not enough to be 99.9% sure, you have to be 100% sure. How many of you agree?  @USER  @USER  @USER @AcademicDilemma. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nothing in life is 100% sure.
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER Well at least both lips are even now so you don't have to worry about looking lopsided ??
@USER I also noticed her at Daw Bari. Infact, all the photographers who went there to shoot Durga Puja has noticed her too because she's such a cutie. ? 

Loved the photograph! @USER You were there that day? This was during Soshti morning?
@USER Hurrah! ???? well done that boy! @USER ?
@USER  @USER Available from…? @USER Did u get message I left you thanks.
@USER VERY glad they aren't mine!!! ? @USER  @USER Been Killing time.
Mint chocolate chip. hell yeah.
Claims the US/West denied defense equipment to India seem unfair &amp; incomplete. All parties made choices. Price &amp; tech leakage were factors, as were political strategies. The USSR sought to foil Indian diversification to keep it on the hook &amp; Delhi sought to appease Moscow. A ?1/. @USER Do u even realise how much the sanctions by West have hurt. Yes it was a choice India made to go to ussr for arms cause it was being denied by the biggest supplier us, who incidently was the one arming our neighbour. Not only weapons but also technology was denied.
RTÉ is good for the basic news, Irish Times is good for analysis, Journal.ie is a a cesspit. The school in Dublin got leaked on thejournal, cesspit is an understatment, you cant post an article to r/news it is such tripe.
Hardly slept because of my dickhead neighbours. Half tempted to go bang on the door and wake them up in return.
Swimming today with little one. Then I will probably need a nap later on. Neighbours came back at 1.30am loud as hell. I banged on the wall and shouted SHUT THE FUCK UP in the middle of my sleep... they went quiet for the rest of the night but the exhilaration kept me up for hours.
Essendon has strong interest in Carlton midfielder Will Setterfield who remains out of contract with the Blues. 
Talks progress between the Bombers and the Setterfield camp but it’s one that’s set to elevate over the weekend @7NewsMelbourne. @USER  @USER Has Sheedy approved?
@USER Happy birthday my Bloggers favorite Blogger. @USER Thank u cuz.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Take appropriate action taking cognizance of the complaint. #upe101022. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Today is 15th day without electricity and not get any improvement on it and no hope for today also.
 @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  #15days no electricity.
@USER I've read the Bible, thank you.

Who gave Muhammed permission to do all the things he did?

Raping women is part of Islam, it's not what the Lord God commands or has ever commanded.

But he will judge, sometimes in this life &amp; definitely in the next. Don't you fear God? @USER He noting compared to The Bible, you won't find a single verse of the Quran they orders genocide , rape only in the Bible and who gave these prophet's they permission? If you say God, then it was Jesus who you believe is God.
But it does reflect the cost of borrowing? So your money goes less far if you’re buying on credit? So they are advertising getting into massive debt...
@USER What's on the tab with Pornhub? @USER  @USER ?
Worshiping Elon Musk is fucking weird. @USER I don't even know who  the hell you are, but I can guarantee you that  @USER is not concerned one bit about what you have to say. And for that matter, the majority of Americans don't want to hear your dribble.
मैदान में हरा हुआ इंसान फिर से जीत सकता है
                    लेकिन
मन से हारा हुआ इंसान कभी नही जीत सकता! @USER Right ?
I make my living gigging around the country, a little fearful gigs will be cancelled now... Same here. Literally visiting every corner of the country in the next 2 weeks and they will all be large gatherings.
Wow! Maureen Lipman on lbc states “the Queen’s death has United the country including the Corbynistas and people live in the real world”
What a classless comment. @USER Utter fantasy.
The guy accused of cheating at chess using vibrating anal beads might also explain Irish dancing. @USER Jaysus ?
The NFL is rigged. 
I mean, there’s too much money on the line per game for there not to be someone wanting to fix it. And it’d be so easy to: you don’t need to even tell the players, just have a coach make a bad call in a critical moment or have a ref make a call a certain way on a close play and that’s it. 
The New England Patriots are one of the most successful franchises in history, in one of the wealthiest parts of the country that has a ton of disposable income and a love of football. That’s no coincidence. 
The browns moved to Baltimore because it was more profitable for them. Super Bowls are blowouts or close games based on the highest payers’ time slots in the game. There’s billions of dollars flying around every Sunday for a third of the year, you know someone is going to want to make sure it gets in their hands. All valid points.
Why do girls wear bra? 
One male friend has really big man boobs but he doesn't need any bra. Moobs and boobs differ in their aerodynamics.
@USER They are a pain in the hoop. @USER Usually end up sticking the fork or knife into them and squeezing sauce out.
@USER Oh hopefully that’s true. Flying to Spain in the 30th. @USER Search SNCTA on here ?
@USER Robyn, that is a massive rejection and indictment of 99% of the historical and global church. It does sound a bit like, all who came before and all apart from my progressive Christianity are thieves and robbers. @USER  @USER This is a nice sounding rhetorical flourish  @USER but like Robyn you believe the church was wrong about slavery and equality of women for a long time… why not this issue too?
? I will never become full on vegetarian/vegan, BUT the more I expand my knowledge on improving nutrition &amp; overall health, the better that approach looks. @USER ???same.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER सत्य कथन आपका

सनातनियों को समझना जरूरी है कि निर्दोष Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu को जमानत या पेरोल क्यों नहीं मिल रही है!!??
@USER  @USER  @USER Vic Secret?? @USER  @USER  @USER Most likely.
@USER Maybe he trying to attract you like this way..? @USER Why should I be attracted to him after scolding me?? I blocked him.
@USER Kilsyth is $25. @USER And rego for season?
Queen or Prince? @USER Both, Its A Tie To Me!
Human immune system learns through trial and error. The thing is western world is too fragile for Indian conditions, conditions highly optimal for growth and proliferation of infectious microorganisms (which includes the germs). Also we do not have a cold cycle (at least in the parts southern to regions where it snows) which can wipe out almost all of the infectious microbes. In Europe and America, the immune system of the people is not worked out as much as an Indian's immune system. Half of the year the immune system of western population is chilling owning to the environmental conditions favouring humans over microorganisms. 
The memory of the way to defend the  body from the microorganisms (henceforth microbes) is short lived (for about 30-50 days). Hence as soon as the cold cycle ends and the conditions turn favourable for the microbes and all the memory of the immune system of how to defend itself from the microbe is gone. All the microbes are aliens to the body even though there might not be a significant change in the microbes characteristics. Hence there prevention is best and hence the sanitizers , extreme safety precautions etc are brought about.
In case of India where the environmental situation is highly favourable to the microbes than the humans. We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised. 
Hence we can say that we are inherently stronger than our western counterparts.
If theres any query regarding this please feel free to ask me any questions. I will answer what i know to my fullest. Thank you!
Upvoting this not because I totally believe you but for the simple fact that there are a lot of factors and variables involved wrt immunity including local environment, genetics, temperatures etc. It's a very interesting read.
OP mentioned a couple of published parameters and promptly concurred hand sanitizers are the best! (read sarcasm). Well, I need proof and references for the same, to objectively and conclusively prove or reject it. Otherwise, it's in the same league of those UN WhatsApp forwards.  
Hygiene is common sense but immunity is a different ball game.  
I mean, there are actual people writing their thesis on the same as we speak and along comes a  Google powered research paper.  
Till then, I think it would be best to leave the deductions to the specialists.
Deluded people in Ireland think we should get out of the group ?? worst fans on the planet. @USER What would u recommend or do u think Kenny should or achieve then

I'm curious as I think results r bread n butter over styles

That's just me.
They're like that Pewdiepie fella for me. Nothing against them, don't dislike them, but they're not at all funny and I cannot comprehend how they are popular as they are. I don't find him funny either. I watched a video of his to try and understand the appeal and I almost fell asleep.
Is there a sub for finding gem stones? Dunno. If you find it let me know.
The conspiracy about the music in pop songs nowadays. They have a kind of ring to them and that's what get children addicted to it. Like I'm the song "Middle", and Justin Bieber's "Sorry". They both have a high pitched sound in the background that I believe is the thing addicting people to the songs. It's supposed to be not farfetched conspiracy theories.
RSS is actually the B Team of Jinnah.
They are proving Jinnah right. Makes sense. They were literal allies pre independence.
@USER Yeah all up on site 2-1 joints Kildare and Romeo. @USER If Romeo gets 4 box he probably go 6/4.
Guy tries to call police on himself. 

Young gent P1 comes to the door. Regular knows we search. Hands over his wallet, boom bag of cocaine . 

B1 “Sorry mate that’s getting destroyed, and you’re not coming in, however you’ve not caused issues before so come back next week and all is forgiven” 
Sounds fair right? 
P1 “ok I’ll go, can I have that back?”
B2 “err no mate”
P1 “ why not?”
B1 “because we’re not drug dealers! Of course you can’t have it back we’re all under cctv and this will be destroyed under camera too”
P1 “ I don’t believe you’ll destroy it!”
(Note: Many people seem to think bouncers either all take or sell gear, it’s not true and even if one of us wanted drugs we’re not gonna trust something that you could have got anywhere and done anything to)
B1 “it’s not my job to convince you of anything mate, been nice, been fair now please listen to your GF and go home”
P1 “ I’m gonna call the police and tell them you’re in possession of drugs”
B2 and B3 laughing I take the lad away from door to chat more discreetly. 
B1” look mate I know your annoyed but you’re saying you’re gonna call the police to tell them we’re in possession of drugs? That we took from you!
P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up. > P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up.
that's crazy, in the US they'd come and arrest him put him in jail, thousand dollar fine maybe 6 months in jail and 5 years probation for a wad of coke. Weed not so much.
Black mambas?  He can get fucked.  We have Taipans thank you very much. Exactly! This guy kept getting increasingly annoyed at the fact that Australia is not paved with the blood of millions of people being slaughtered by kangaroos. He thinks that the amount of death kangaroos cause every year is equivocal to the amount of death caused by gun violence in America per year.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ?
@USER Excellent piece Sumant -- one other reasons contractors give for not following safety measures is that lower level bureaucracy take so much bribe that to take care of their own margins, the contractor cuts costs to be bare bone. In return, the safety norms are not enforced. @USER Yes. Corruption is deeply embedded in the system.
@USER I'd bring them back, they look a bit mucky..? @USER I can send the snails back. ?
@USER I see nothing but love in this photo. @USER ?
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Cars.
Jason Momoa, i'm straight but if i had to, that guy could tear me up. Ouch your butt.
Giving up just for Sunday or forever starting Sunday? The sentence is confusing. It is but sounds like he will give it up starting Sunday. He's going to keep us posted .
I can understand the frustration towards Bruno Fernandes, but to HATE him and send him abuse is just WEIRD!
He’s an EXCEPTIONAL player, tries things others don’t and when the come off is beautiful to see.
Hence the Assists &amp; Goals.
Class Act. Love him me!
#MUFC #ManUtd. @USER 100 per. Cent. He didn't have a good season but no one around him ran into good positions either. It's hard to pick people out when they're stationary.
What a terrible article but its NewsCorp so what did I expect.
>• Since 1985 average full time wages have increased 4.3 times, from $20,644 to $88,140.
>• Capital city house costs have increased 8.2 times in that period, up from $72,827 to $596,986.
>• The proportion of household income spent on mortgages climbed from 28 per cent to 36 per cent.
>“In all honesty, it looks like it is going to get worse from here for new buyers,” Mr Cooke said.
>“While inflation and wage growth have been painfully low in recent years, the value of property just keeps going up.”
So they admit that it's worse and going to get worse.
>Younger generations faced new spending categories such as smartphones, internet and subscriptions, Mr McCrindle said.
Everyone goes out and buys a new phone every year that costs under $1k, an internet connection that's maybe $50 a month and subscriptions... like magazine subscriptions from the boomers days (I know it's not what they're talking about but they're not new things 'subscriptions'), and that's why they cant afford a house? 
>Boomer parents were sympathetic towards their children’s housing struggles, Mr McCrindle said.
>“A lot of Boomers say ‘I couldn’t afford to buy where I currently live’,” he said.
>“It’s their children priced out of the market and they’re happy to lend a hand.”
Ah, great so there's no problems at all. Screw all the people without well off parents, or without any parents at all. Scrap negative gearing, add capital gains tax and then cross your fingers and pray. Thats my hope. I certainly don't have better answers.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. It wouldn’t be difficult to program this into the program, so you’re likely correct. Google probably figures they don’t want to ask you right after they did a bad job.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER हिन्दुओं की गर्दनें कितनी कटीं, घर कितने जले ये भी तो बता दो... गोबरभक्त बहना.. एम्स नहीं जीवन की सुरक्षा चाहिए, सडंक नहीं इस्जाम से मुक्ति चाहिए। #संघभाजपामुक्तभारत. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER हाँ  चमचों  हिन्दुओं  की  गर्दन  करवायें  दिल्ली  में   @USER  ने  दंगाईयों से  पंजाब  में  खालिस्तानी लोगों  से  सच  है  कॉंग्रेस  और  आप  मुक्त  भारत  चाहिए  और  सबसे  ज्यादा   चमचों  से मुक्त  भारत  चाहिए  हमें.
@USER You're correct but their way sounds much more dramatic.. @USER  @USER Indeed,much histrionics and an extraordinary display of flouncing . I could never come close to emulate that level of exposition .(I was a disappointment to my parents ).
@USER That’s the 1 Million $ question. Exactly!!! @USER I guess, we were all shocked by Pell and his vile evidence.
@USER Good Morning Forgetfulness!  Have a fantastic Thursday my friend!?? @USER Thank you Errol.?
बस इतना पूछना है साहब कि शव यात्रा में अगर कोई गलती से 'राम नाम सत्य है' बोल दे तो उसे गोली तो नहीं मार दी जाएगी ? @USER  @USER यह तो कल ही मालूम होगा....जय श्री राम.
@USER  @USER Biggest reason: traveling to Edinburgh. Any chance on an EU tour? @USER  @USER All depends on how Edinburgh goes!
We need more hydro. I mean look at all of the opportunities to relieve flooding, control levels and generate power at the same time. Yeah but stopping sediment delivery downstream is bad news for coastal deltas and can lead to subsidence. Also disastrous for fish.
You can never go wrong with more shitter paper. You'll miss that when you run out. Just waffle stomp your shit down the drain, lol.
No tik tok, no emojis and is actually funny. When we see emojis on Reddit, we wash em out.
They are not heroes, they are Shiroes..(Sikh heroes). Unneccesary title. 
Heroes is good enough.
The powers that be really think we are thick as fuck. When you read comments under most news posts on Facebook/Twitter, a LOT of people really are.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER No in the slightest.
Wake the fuck up Australia, you're getting robbed. Yeah it's those bloody dole bludgers we treat like criminals for being out of work, not the government siphoning billions to their mates.
CryoEM mates: Has any of you a strong opinion about self-wicking grids? #CryoEM ???? @USER A waste of money and time.
So funny! A British guy saying that if Indians protest about a law passed in India by Elected representatives of India then the law must be unjust! The irony! What about the 100s of years of unjust British rule wherein millions of protesting were killed to stop the protesting. Ah yes, because it was this exact person who was ruling India for 100s of years! Totally fair comparison. In fact, I hear that the Germans are all Nazis too. Each with their own tiny moustache to boot. Next thing you'll say is that India still practices the caste system! Oh... wait... maybe that's why you think other Countries and cultures are incapable of evolving?
Not a single option for just chicken, butter and bread. Spar are heretics and deserve to be blasted into the sun or Wuhan, whichever is worse. The god tier of CFR's.
I only remember 3 things from this:
1) The kids finding bones and talking about them while crying or something.
2) Something involving a goat.
3) The theme tune in its entirety. How can you not recall the episode where the magic lipstick makes girls kiss him...even his sister ?
If I have a cough I should seek medical care? This is some needless panic. It did say fever, cough, and difficulty breathing. Not just cough.
Good morning Twitter. Positivity is extremely powerful, let's spread as much as we can today! ☕☕??? @USER Good morning hope you have a Terrific Thursday today ☕ ? ?
@USER Sorry to hear that. We certainly understand your concern. Request you to share the order details so that we'll have this checked and assist you accordingly. (1/2). @USER This is nothing about sorry guys.
Pedigree foods are American, you're literally funding Israeli missile drops into Palestinian homes. Reddit is an American website. Your traffic is literally funding Israeli missile drops into Palestinian homes.
Reminder Brexit really wasn’t about a US trade deal, it wasn’t really about an economic doctrine. It was really about believing your nation state is where the highest form of govt should lie. It was basically about democracy. @USER 13% of our legislation was adopted from EU directives. UK proposed and wrote a significant number of the EU laws we then enacted. Everything else about our laws were ours anyway. People were deceived into thinking that our paltry pensions and health service issues were EU based.
I've been told from people I know that the supermarket shelves in Sydney are empty of many essentials. Is it true? Not the supermarket i go to.
A bird plane. Bird plane?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Varisu
Thunivu
Adipurush
Mega 154
NBK 107
????
Pongal 2023. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER TN. Only thala thalalay.
@USER  @USER Oh yes. Johnsons was a danger to national security will Truss be the same? @USER  @USER  @USER More than likely!
I think I quite enjoy vegetarian sausages. I say think because my brain tells me the Bunnings snag is superior, but my stomach says otherwise. It’s a conundrum. Bunnings snags are bulk-bought tubes of garbage.
@USER Question regarding the Norman teacher that remains unanswered.  Was she or was she not removed from her class that day?  That’s the real ask. @USER And you’re taking the press release from Norman Public Schools as factual to say she was fired for making political statements rather than sharing the book code.  The school took a lot of bad press and it appears they are trying hard to rewrite the narrative.
Is amazon reading whatsapp messages or Google keep notes?
I'm getting ads (in Boost) of the couple of things that were on the list to buy for household saamaan.. The list had five things.
Or it's just a coincidence they have lightening deals going on. Cookies. Every companies is sharing your data.
Pasta pillows, yes. Pasta cushions even because of the frilly edge. 
But pasta teabags? No. Yeah that implies that you dip them in the water and then bin them before drinking your slightly pasta flavoured water.
@USER You’re a bitch. @USER Yup! You too ???
The lack of communist women in this thread is apparent. Kaha gyi woh? She promised articles on healthcare and her lesbian sex story u/Meraxes373.
Suggest Film titles for my new feature film:. @USER  @USER دلہن چند رات کی وہ بھی میاں کے کہنے پر.
BREAKING: Harvard’s top Constitutional Law expert drops bombshell, declares that “it’s impossible NOT to indict Trump for violating the Espionage Act,” and that the Attorney General now “has no choice” but to lock him up in federal prison. RT IF YOU THINK TRUMP MUST BE LOCKED UP! @USER In just hope the people that make that decision see the same danger!
Dei.. send me one parcel. Take that bike of yours and come to my neck of the woods, and I'll have a feast for you.
In fairness, a British van would be on the hard shoulder. God bless British Leyland and all the plants on the hard shoulder their broken down vans watered.
@USER Yet they want to trash Mets fans? @USER  @USER Mets are golfing zip it ! The real baseball team fans are talking here !
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Doing great work dear, go ahead ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Well done on your tour. Thank you for your brilliant gig with us! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It was our absolute pleasure! We Hope to come back again :).
@USER Legitimate power ie Legal worldly power, why does the church hold them, surely it's the power of Divine Law they are invested in. @USER That’s why they hold them under guard. The whole point.
@USER Nice of them to let us have the weekend, if they could kick it in just before I get to work that'd be ideal. @USER  @USER Would be nice to know if we can have a sleep-in on Monday. ?
Black eye, bruised ribs( i think a few probably were broken but this was years ago so I’m not exactly sure), bloody nose and a twisted ankle. Wow I’m so sorry that happened to you and I hope that you are fine now.
*Grabs Popcorn*
Oh wait, this post will get on front page. >dating matrimony
Yeah, maybe
>28F
Surely it will hit front page.
Here lad. I've had a look through your post history, lots of posts about wanting to die. You need to get yourself some help. Proper help, the last thing you need is this cow making fun of the things you enjoys. No shame in going to therapy for a few sessions. 
I’ve done it myself times when everything seemed fine, and after some trauma. Turned out to be immensely useful for both periods.
@USER  @USER Name of this programme anyone??
Loved watching his docs growing up.. @USER  @USER Hi Fissyomi, this series is called The Mating Game, it explores the extraordinary range of courtship strategies animals use to win over a mate, from deserts to oceans &amp; jungles to freshwater habitats! You can watch it on BBC iPlayer, we'd love to hear what you think!?✌??
@USER  @USER But have you learned anything from a post grad mature age student from the University of Western Sydney? @USER  @USER With a class three honours but a PhD assessed via interpretive dance.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER Me.
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? Really? Who knew one day when all the world's knowledge will be at our finger tips, we will rather become a bigger douche bag. 
Great inference. Appalled by your education and logic of first comment and then review/research?
@USER If you ever wondered how the republican movement was brought to it's knees. Just read these replies. I'm actually embarrassed for them. @USER  @USER Are you trying to divert the debate or kid yourself?
How many roads must a man walk down? The only word I know is grunt and I can't spell it.
Might I suggest a mass boycott of #Insiders this Sunday? @USER You're a bit late I started when Barry Cassidy was still hosting.
@USER What now lol. @USER My jaw is clicking when I open my mouth and the bone is having friction against the joint. Been bad since yesterday afternoon.
Jawahar lal Nehru, without any doubt. XD.
Usually their own websites and social media channels. Interesting, thank for the help!
♡picking randomly♡. @USER Please my middle name is randomly xx.
>but how can we after sports rorts?
Pretty easily if the last 6 years are anything to go by. An electorate getting all the leadership it richly deserves.
Pity about those in dissent.
@USER Got mine today, too. Feel like crap! @USER This one doesn’t seem to have made me feel bad.
Thankyou so much all ?? @USER Hppy Birthday Jiju.
Tough enough. Wales are always handy, this is the best Finnish team ever but I don't know much about Bulgaria. We beat Bulgaria 3-0 a few months back so that's something at least.
Take the packing to back shelf if you don’t have lightening packing game.
Load the heavy stuff onto the conveyor first, lay out big bags in the trolley. Go go go. Tactical veg in the middle to slow them down.
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. >If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens.
when has the lnp EVER benefited the citizens EVER.
What’s happening in Iran?!? @USER Hopefully, the end of four decades of a theocratic banana republic.
Post school every single day from 4 to 630 used to be cricket , badminton. After 6 30 pretend to study so parents don't get mad.


Cycling around parks with friends to see couples making out. 


Talk talk and fucking talk. Watch any movie, discuss each fav scene and have a laugh together. Watch something funny, discuss with friends and laugh again. 


Read Sportstar, reader's digest , tinkle , champak diligently everyweek. Save the favourite copies of Sportstar which have pictures of Anna kournikova , Marina Hingis and Steffi Graff for wank session later. Same with regional movie magazines . 


Explore. Go to every nook and corner of the city with the gang and do nothing . 6) Hindi comics (Doga, Dhruv, Nagraj) in circulation with friends for exchange
7) Every Sunday is for playing games and watch Movie on Doordarshan
8) VCR means overnight 3-4 movies with neighbourhood gang
9) Only real friends no virtual friends
10) when News means news and politics was ultra boring
11) when one friend has bike and whole gang use that.
@USER Did they like the chocolate tools? @USER No. They licked them and then put them back ?
Ruscist reconstructionists in the occupied territories never tire of repeating the Nazi referendum on the Anschluss of Austria. They are expecting 1938 results. Instead they will get Hitler’s 1945 outcome. @USER  @USER ? Slava Ukraini.
My all time favourite reality tv moment was from ‘Joe Millionaire’ when a contestant walked off in an extravagant huff, performatively muttering French expletives into her mic, which the subtitles revealed were nonsense because she couldn’t actually speak French. @USER Hahahaha I’d completely forgotten about that. Blast from the very distant past.
Am I the only one who likes to have the tv on while I write, instead of music?? There have to be more of us out there! #amwriting. @USER That's me! Haha
My partner watches stuff on Netflix while I write.
@USER Congratulations ??? @AshwiniMS_TNIE. @USER  @USER ಶುಭಾಶಯ.
I can't listen to newstalk/rte1/today FM anymore, it's wall to wall Corona virus shite repeating itself over and over. I started listening to LBC, it's pretty good. I've been listening to RTE Lyric and loving it.
Who's Peter Andre? Exactly!
It's almost like all the evidence that the incubation period can be greater than 2 weeks might actually be....true?
But of course that means nothing compared with the greed of the universities for $$$$$$$$$$$$$. Or they were staying with someone in Dubai who infected them with the virus just before they returned to Australia.
Don't get Chick-Fil-A often since it's a ways away from where I live and work, but I had a guy Thursday night steal my chicken sandwich as I was walking back to the bus stop.  I would have hit him if I could have caught him. Don't mess with my chicken.  As Joey on Friends said, "Joey doesn't share food."  I don't share chicken.
It's the Economic Benefits, stupid ! If you kill the Cows for the Beef....where you will get the in-demand, and nutritious Cow's Milk that you depend on - from ? > ! If you kill the Cows for the Beef....where you will get the in-demand, and nutritious Cow's Milk that you depend on - from ?
We don't breed separate cattle for meat in india. Beef comes from non productive cattle - cows that no longer produce milk and build that are no longer used in agriculture or transport. Cow economics depends on meat consumption to keep it viable. Don't listen me, read the works of the father of indian white revolution, varghese kurrien. Then ask yourself why farmers in up are locking up stray cattle in schools and government offices in record numbers after bhogiji's cow slaughter ban.
@USER Class ..As always x. @USER Thank you ??
@USER Pretty sure that the first word is 'Brit.' - presumably 'British'. Working on the other word... @USER Ha! Couldn’t be easier - it’s ‘Brit. Mag’ ie The British Magazine.
@USER You’re in for a good night. @USER Tonight’s gonna be a good good night.
I used to have plantar fasciitis - constant near-crippling pain in my feet. My podiatrist said to never go barefoot while standing other than in the shower. He specifically said to wear Crocs in the house. 
The pain went away pretty quickly and hasn't come back. So Crocs in the house it is. Same. But it’s super foamy pool slides I wear. It’s like having an anti- fatigue matt under my feet at all times but with arch support.
मर्द के शब्द झूठे हो सकते हैं मगर आसूं कभी नहीं.. @USER Aap shi bole.
Love a bitta Lankum, haven't seen them live yet though. I saw Radie Peat supporting Beak> last month in the Button Factory, she's incredible, really have to see the full line up soon.
@USER er, if that's a wild fox, that's so abnormal that you should be concerned and cautious.  it may be ill, as in  . . . rabies . . .. @USER No rabies in the uk, fortunately. It looked healthy. They’re just scavengers and came in to have a look round.
Hi Guys, your proactive AFP here.
We’re right onto this latest development and after a long and comprehensive investigation we have determined that no one has done anything wrong.
If by some chance it turns out that someone has been a bit naughty, it was no doubt a scumbag journalist or the Labor party.
Always happy to help and if you have any questions, just pop them on notice. > We’re right onto this latest development and after a long and comprehensive investigation where we interviewed no one who was involved, we have determined that no one has done anything wrong.
FTFY.
Save it. Boooo this guy.
Yesterday in nifty volumes was 234 million and today’s only 120k . 
So Market is dull.
#StockMarkets. @USER At last u are talking charts ??
Claire Byrne deserves credit after the leaders debate. I thought she was unreal on that. People always say this after election debates.
"The real winner was the host!"
You have to really fuck up, like Matt and Ivan, to not come across well hosting debates like that.
@USER Absolutely not but cute. ? @USER Thank you ?
Who's loving having good government back in Australia? ?‍♀️. @USER My first impression was the absence of the word ‘millions’ and I relaxed into a world of clarity, confidence, trust and knowing I wasn’t being gaslighted by those elected to lead us all.
Poundland (if I had 20 pounds not dollars). That must be the UK version of our Dollar stores haha. Never even considered that.
Anyone optimistic about the future? Me.
NO ONE should EVER be shamed because they want to know their biological family. This includes adopted/fostered people, donor conceived people, as well as anyone who was not given a chance to meet their bio family - for whatever reason. @USER  @USER Completely agree. It’s so important to us.
Who wants another Badscandal Glen power release? @USER Oh yes, please ?❤️.
lets get married so we can get to know each other. @USER How they did it back in the day, bonus points if the wife is half the age of the groom.
It's not the jedi way. Dew it.
@USER  @USER  @USER Allah razı olsun kardeşim. Rabbim birliğimizi daim eylesin. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Lovely ????
"As an effort to further the inclusion, lanyards were given out to those who bought tickets, on which there was a special section for writing one’s pronouns. This was a remarkable touch that a lot of people very much appreciated."
No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. >No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. 
Considering it costs you absolutely nothing to write down your (presumably cis, given your response) pronouns, what's your issue? Takes ten seconds and you can forget it's there. I don't see why you'd ever care.
Given the inherent networking nature of these events, you may we well stick down pronouns along with your name. Literally no reason not to, and to be annoyed by that is stupid.
Writing down pronouns may seem stupid to you (again, presuming you're cis) but it can make things so much easier for any trans members of the community in attendance. 
It's not for you.
Damn, for a sec i thought its from a videogame. Assassin's Creed ? ?
In Canberra, fewer than normal. They must have been smoked out.
Some years, the flies are bad. Much fewer, too dry? Smoke was prob a factor too, I agree.
If I send a photo to your phone on Whatsapp, will you reply to me? ?? @USER Yes so send to +14042467953.
Hoping that bhakts will watch his next flopped film.
No way, bhakts do not spend money on movies, they get everything for free. Bhakts couldn't make their Daddy's movie a superhit.
Before the usual suspects mock #JoeBiden for falling off his bike, remember that if #DonaldTrump fell over he'd never be able to get up again. @USER That is true…we saw him attempt a ramp ?
A question: is it typical that people in Frome drive like absolute arseholes at pre-7.30am ? 

Because I'm going to tell you a little story:. So, i woke up just before 6am in this house my friend is renting.... We arrived last night after dark with a car absolutely stuffed to the roof with every wordly possession &amp; 12bt of wine #WinemakerThugLife.
It's not illegal in the end though is it? Lnp voters won't know or simply won't care. They only care about protecting their negative gearing. Every lnp voter i know tells me that's why they vote for them. 
Nothing, not even their children's future outside of this property bubble matter. Lnp could shoot poor ppl in televised safaris and i bet if the opposition promised a 50% cut in property they would stay with lnp. Actually, I suspect due to it being changed during caretaker period, and then signed as an earlier date, it quite probably isn't. Like that changes anything at this point though.
@USER Yet they Ok the return of torque converter automatics smh. @USER  @USER I think their launch systems are better for it.
अशोक गहलोत जादूगर नहीं कांग्रेस को बर्बाद करने वाले कारीगर हैं।. @USER Tumko to cm banana he pele nhi ta ke pta jo aaj cla.
Face masks don't help you from catching it said on tv tonight. It only stops from spreading if you have it so no need to wear one. But they're doing it in China so it must work. 
They also slung cats and dogs out of the top floor of apartment buildings, so we should probably start doing that too.
@USER Because she comes from a branch of economics - monetarism, aka Thatcherism - where this things produce stimulus in the economy (aka trickle down economics). Two issues (for me): a) she's ignoring current circumstances (inflation), and b) it produces massive wealth inequality. @USER Also yes, just because u save the rich money doesn’t mean they’ll actually spend it!! ?
@USER I'm happy for you. Congratulations!!! I hope you will reach more people because you're awesome. @USER Thank you so much ? ?
@USER Now why all of a sudden you are changing your mind? As a priest texting a priest, I do not trust you Father. Sorry! Your first statement was the real Fr. Vu the second statement was just a cover up. By the way your second comment, is a little of what I texted. @USER Fr, I made a mistake. I was tried to tell people not to argue with me about Vatican II &amp; Pope Francis. Some accused me for not want to dialogue or be friend people. I just wanted people to know they can be my friends if they want. It is okay if you don’t trust me. I wish you well.
Thank you guys for making me feel so welcome. And being so helpful! This is a nice space. this is how randia used to be before it crossed 1lac mark.
now its all news links.
When #Trump stood in blazing heat and humidity for two hours handing out diplomas and speaking and took assistance to walk down an incline

The media said he wasn't fit

#JoeBiden falls down standing with a bike Media says he's a fit man

See the stupid? #JerseyDeservesBetter. @USER Hahaha, trump needed two hands to lift a glass ???? If trump got on a bike, the bike would collapse ?
If Charles dies before the coronation, does that mean the monarchy is abolished? @USER They’ll do like they did in 1937 and use the planned coronation for Bill….
@USER Great read ?? @USER Thank you mate!
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER American Patriot.
Let's Follow Each Other ??? @USER Oky ?
You'd save about €600 a year assuming you only have the standard single persons tax credits. 40%? On an income of 18k? No.
The last thing that i had on a £20 note looked like it came from Colombia. Why would there be coffee on a £20 note?
Too slow to travel ban Iran, unfortunately. They should have done it as soon as it was clear that Iran couldn't deal with their outbreak. As a result of the delay, returnees from Iran have already led to 2 AU cases and 1 NZ case. Weird how in yesterday's post on here the 2nd highest upvoted comment was how the government was racist for announcing the travel ban on Iran but now people are complaining it's too late?
 URL.
Name and date. By date you mean date of birth?
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? I'm gonna tell you what I told my other bhakt friends. You want conservative politics and care about a specific religion? Go ahead. I don't give a fuck. But is that all you are doing? Or are you(and BJP) spreading hate, discrimination and advocating for your group  over/at the expense of another? There is a difference between the two.
@USER Oh dear what an awful ? thing to happen you didn't say wat happened and wat a beautiful tribute ? such a lovely video and song ❤ very tearful. @USER  @USER He went wrong during the race , looked like a leg break , very sad ?
That's pretty boss. Alright Ali G calm down.
The system IS broken. This crap government has no oversight - it is the one good thing they’ve done: shown us we need a backup plan for when the Govt and GG fail us. But yes, change the flag too. The lack of oversight has nothing to do with constitutional monarchism. What an odd suggestion. 
An independent corruption body can be implemented in any system.
If you could “Delete” anything from your past, what would it be? @USER You would only choose to delete something tragic from your past. Which would completely change who you are today. So if you're unhappy with who you are today, delete away.
@USER  @USER Dear Sir/Madam, we assure you that we're with you in this. In order to protect your privacy and maintain confidentiality, we have replied to you via direct message. @USER  @USER This shows how fraudulent your services are and your bank as well.

I haven't received any message from your bank yet.
@USER Beautiful Maureen.Through the dark and sadness must come the light and beauty this is how we heal.? @USER There’s a crack in everything… it’s how the light gets in(Leonard Cohen).
Social Worker writes…‘the child wants to study psychology at A Level. Bearing in mind their mental state this is totally inappropriate.’ I give up ??‍♂️ At times I pity my profession. Luckily the young people are the ones that motivate me to keep doing this job. @USER what absolute crap! My daughter suffered mental health problems and self harmed all through teenage years. She is now an amazing support worker in a Forensic hospital and finishes her adult and #mentalhealth #nursing masters degree this year. #experience #understanding.
@USER Welcome back! @USER Thanks Vanessa! ?
Water and Mio drink mix. No sugar, plus you're drinking water. Interesting have you tried this?
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER बहुत सुंदर सत्संग वचन।
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
@USER the song or the place? @USER Song.
All the Paddington Bear gifts and marmalade sandwiches the Queen received reminds me of the time I said that the snow baby ornaments where kind of cute to my mum, then she told everyone and for the next fuck ton of years every fecker bought me snow baby ornaments. @USER That’s snow joke! Has it left you a bit flaky?
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. More evidence the  LNP are sociopaths.
@USER You’re following too closely. Back off. ? @USER ?????
Check out the Honda Wrv. It is a superb car for its price. This will cost more than 10L for a decent petrol variant.
I don't think I've ever stopped someone from doing anything ever, unless it was to stop them from annoying me, but even then it wouldn't have stopped them. So no. What an appallingly uncivic attitude to have.
hermes is worst, they are thieving cunts lol. Not experienced that ... Yet. Is Hermes really that bad?
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. Excuse my French but that’s fucked you went straight into the work for the dole phase. When I was last on Centrelink I was told it was 6 on 6 odd, but you start in the 6 off phase. 
Seeing this makes me wanna hang onto this job tighter. No way I could deal with their bullshit again.
If your Twitter Crush said “Ima be in your area a couple hours away, can you come and let me take you on a date?” Not a link, a legit date. Would you go? Or no? Are you scared? @USER I would I'm never scared of shit but women are just as crazy as a man these day's ?  real shit ? but I love to try new shit ???✌️.
Wow so much praise for Nehru.
For the past 70 yrs nehru has been blamed for pretty much everything , everywhere including randians.
So what happened randians?
Downboat me , but atleast give a good reason. ffs. Dont downboat and run away like a coward.
Edit: So downvoted for supporting Nehru. Just as i expected from the 40 randians.
Edit: LOL, about 40 confused randians. Haha. Buddy you took sarcasm way too seriously whenever redditors said "It's Nehru's fault." It is the very opposite of it whenever people said that, because whatever shit current government did they never take blame on themselves but on the past or others. Every shit move this govt made, they had no other choice but to falsely blame on others to justify their own act. Hence that joke.
@USER  @USER Looking forward to it, Lucy. Only on my phone data till tomorrow, so going to catch up when home xx. @USER  @USER Oh amazing thank you Alice! I think it’s better viewed on a computer anyway xxx.
Code with music or without? @USER With if you're not aware that what you have to do...and how will you do...or without if you're an expert... listen and code... actually this should be a goal for many beginners. "Music, Hustle &amp; Code".
That must have been the easiest job in the world, digging up dirt on Bronwyn and Ley. The dirt pretty much dug itself out of the ground for those two. Seriously.
Talk about a non-story.
Gm Gm anything is possible ☀️. @USER GM thanks for the reminder ?
I hope India will not make same mistake to add Ruturaj Gaikwad in playing 11.

Simple formula:
Play without Ruturaj and you will win!!
 @USER  @USER #INDvSA. @USER  @USER  @USER Lets give chance to Rahul Tripathi. Or else team will be same which played in ODI in second match.
@USER Clare were lucky today. The subs made a big impact. Too many times Clare didn't get the rub of the green but had it today. A good situation for Clare as that game will have grounded them prior to KK semi. @USER Couldn't agree more. Even during the game for large stretches, they'd no luck. Two of Wexford's goals were free outs for instance. But they kept their heads which is great to see. They'll be sharper for it the next day.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What's going to happen with the empty space on the left of photo (south of thr park)? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The park will sit within the wider Mayfield neighbourhood. Around the 6.5-acre park will be new homes, offices, retail and leisure space.
I’m currently in 4 Twitter threads: 1. the correct pronunciation of Dockers recruits’ surnames; 2. the packaging of craft beer; 3. how good is Tassie seafood; and weirdest of all, 4. which of Matt Berry or Noel Fielding would be better as an overacting parody Lord Byron. ⚓️???‍♂️. That’s my life now. ?‍♂️#foreverfreo #craftbeer #scallopsoysters #tassieseafood #madbadanddangeroustoknow.
Alakazam. He is just perfect. If only he had better defense.
Did the Muslim community accept the blood money of 5 acres given to them ? They did and they made a hospital, library and a cultural center in it too.
Make love not war.
 URL.
Tested my 1RM on Saturday. I usually train fasted out of preference. It was not a good idea to go try hit my maxes with no food since the night before.
By the time deadlift came around I was fucking spent.
Squat: 180KG
Bench: 110KG
Deadlift: 170KG
OHP: 70KG
at 80KG bodyweight.
Pretty disappointed with DL, but others were pretty much what I expected.
&#x200B;
Also went into Thrive Festival. Not a bad setup. Listened to a talk by Daniel Davey the Leinster Rugby/Dublin GAA nutritionist. Was a good talk. Hes very good to listen to.
@USER Hannah &amp; Nick . Now that is really getting close to nature !!! Foxes are very cool was at Rockley Park last week in caravan in  Dorset and got to feed a fox one night.obligatory trip to Studlands and sea was quite warm.. H. @USER Sounds great! We swam at port meadow yesterday. The river is definitely starting to cool….
Other than Thailand and China, are there other modern nation-states that are called 國? @USER Since most words get shortened to two characters these days, you find a lot more colloquially.
Eating an apple while suffering through TMJ syndrome… I’m clearly a masochist. @USER My ent said I may have this. I been needing a night guard for some time.
Should I make a giveaway when I have 30k followers?? @USER I am 1 winner for it already ?
So is there a set annual date for these things or is it more whenever they reach a certain number, like once they have a thousand or so people? I think they have about 3 a year, maybe moving between Killarney and the Convention Centre. A few of the women in work have gone become citizens in the last 2 years. 
The Polish woman had to go to Killarney which she wasn't happy about, but she's also rarely happy.
I was in A&amp;E yesterday. I cant go into details but I was treated inhumanely. They couldn't give me the care they should have but wouldn't admit that either. I also saw 4-6 elderly emergency patients on beds in the corridor, no lovely ones able to stand with them :(. @USER That’s awful, so sorry to hear that. I hope you’re doing okay.
Foxtel acquired alot of the sporting broadcasts, and given the low take up rate of their product, ut has has had a detrimental effect on most sports in Australia, as coverage is limited to sports bars and mad keen arm chair fanatics. I didn't watch cricket on TV in the 90s and early 00s, but even I knew the names of most players back then. It's always been casual viewing around my circles, but like many, I wouldn't pay for premium TV to watch it. This,
As soon as a sport it goes Foxtel it goes bust.
I Use to follow NBL and went to the games when it was on free to air.
Nup after that.
By banning vacationers/travelers and striking people who intentionally infect others with the butt of a rifle. r/iamverybadass and also that’s not your immune system that’s thinking with your spine.
I think they are trying to keep this thing in the news until Bihar elections, just before the election they will execute them and ask for votes on that. why didn't they do this for Delhi elections ?
Anyway, I wonder who is financing these rapists to file so many petitions, pay for lawyers ?
@USER I think you must be mistaken. NI are lagging behind terribly. Suella Braverman said so, and she's the nation's top lawyer and a cabinet minister, so she must be right, mustn't she? @USER  @USER No. Keep this in mind: whatever the tories say, the opposite is the truth!
Eh carra you got shit banter for a scouser fucking hell la you been hanging out with Neville too long oasis piss all over the Beatles how many times did they do knebworth. @USER Piss all over the Beatles??? U should b flogged fr saying such tings, n ur dreams Liam, U are overrated, the Beatles ar not, end of.
5% of that paper will be used to blow noses. Is that all? I though for sure it’d be at least 30%.
You know, I thought about this for a couple minutes, and I really don't have one. Man that's sad... Well what’s your not so secret kink?
Come to usa, trump is waiting for you? What is your name : 
Reject.
Things are only going one way. Might as well just call the second election and see how a left coalition gets on in government. calling an election at the early stages of a pandemic? no party would consider this to be a good option.
Would love to see your  @USER pls share in the comments ??? @USER  @USER I don’t own any but definitely working on it ?
@USER Chilling on Twit, while recovering from 3 dental extractions. Call me Gummy. @USER Poor bugger,did you have to take out a lone. Ian.
Wish it was as easy to quit smoking as it was to quit cokes. @USER It’s not easy but it sure is worth it. I quit 11 years ago and never looked back.
It is one of the most touching bereavements!
That bring unremitting torments
To one's soul!
And fill the heart with thoughts, fair and foul!
I know not how long 
Shall I bear this irreparable loss,
That hath hit me strong
To the core,
A memory, that gathers no moss! @USER A memory of a flower is not in the essence that lingers somewhere in the palm of hands, but whiff of fragrance nostrils caught, with the humble wind! It's the petals that are now dry, the prickly thorn! A bubbly rose now exist in some other sphere.
Town or county? because I live in Tullow. lad me too.
The three great universities are Oxford, Cambridge and? Open University on BBC2 at 3am?
Do new episodes come on Monday or Tuesday? Tuesday.
The time is now. The three-episode premiere of #Andor, an Original series from Star Wars is now streaming only on @DisneyPlus. @USER  @USER Yeeesss!
Tipu Sultan was not just a brave fighter who fought British but he was a Muslim too ? @USER a bigot too....
@USER That’s not tea ! It’s warm milk !!  Ahhhh Dee ? @USER  @USER They're are people doing time in Portlaoise for far less.
Wank morning, (before any pervs think I meant that literally I didnt) thank fuck I've been called into work earlier I'm off to see if I can shake this shitty feeling ? @USER Have a great day.  I got up, bought vodka, came back, ordered MacDonald’s breakfast, poured vodka into coffee.

I may be under a level of stress and anxiety at the moment. I also bought a massive slab of clotted cream fudge designed to be chopped up that am just biting into.
Well enjoyed this ! You have to make this a regular weekly thing with your bouncer mates stories also! Back in the early 90’s shit was way different. I remember seeing some bad ‘scruff of neck’ dragging into the ‘back room’ at our club we used to go to, I always assumed rival dealers as the ones allowed to work the club were there every week. Anyway times have changed.. Nothing like that now. 
There is a little passage In law to do with use of force and more specific preemptive strikes etc that is something along the lines of, “ special consideration should be taken around the prosecution of security staff at licensed premises due to the nature of their role and frequent contact with conflict” 
Sure many door staff will agree that consideration is pretty slim sometimes and a genuine concern that I’ve seen people post/ mention is that you can be in a full physical fight with someone that wants to do you harm and you have no idea how much support you will get from a legal perspective. 
You know that if someone complains it’s entirely someone is gonna sit there for hours picking the cctv apart frame by frame with some paper noting every moment of physical contact you make and try to decide from their office chair if they felt it reasonable.
@USER  @USER Love it! SO clever and effective ??? @USER  @USER Thanks so much Kali ?
one thing about me is that I want a FT salary on PT hours. @USER This is the dream for many ? hope you get it.
Does anyone know how much money you have to have in your account for the UK Ancestry Visa these days? 

(The internet says all sorts of different things. When I last got mine it was $5K.). @USER When I applied for mine in 2006 it was just given and stamped in my passport and returned in like 72 hours. I thought ancestry was ancestry not a money privilege minimum.
Election Predictions: Republicans will win the House! Stacey Abrams will lose in Georgia!   Any takers? @USER Yo crazy dude.
Muslims have got the benefit of appeasement politics for many years. It is one of the major reasons why Hindus are angry towards the community.
With regards to the Population and go to Pakistan points, they are absolute nonsense. 
Indian Muslims are Indians and will remain so. Pata nahi. Hindus have had the most appeasement - just think of beef ban. Such a cheap and easily available source of high protein nutrition is everywhere in India - a country so high on malnutition, yet it is banned. Rather than allow people to choose, it was banned for Hindu appeasement. 
So much government money is spent on Hindu festivals and subsidizing hindu pilgrimage (4500 cr) while the Hajj subsidy (200 cr) which actually was a disgusting lie of a subsidy was much maligned. The Hajj subsidy never helped Muslims, do you know that? Since Air India had the monopoly on the gulf routes, it would rise the price of each ticket to mecca by 20k and then request the government to subsidize that 20k. The Muslims pilgrim would pay the same amount as before, but Air India would get 20k per ticket from the government and Hindus would get to shit on Muslims. Win-Win. 
RSS propaganda has really brainwashed Hindus tho. I'll give you a simple example. I recently learnt that lotus is not the national flower of India (an RTI was raised and the government confirmed that there is no national flower) but every Indian I know fought with me about it being the national flower. RSS grip on the government is so tight even when BJP is not in power, that the flower representing the birth of Hindu god Brahma of hindu iconography, which is also the party symbol of BJP was falsely called the national flower to such an extent that it is considered truth. It is the same RSS that has taught Hindus to hate Muslim kings for destroying temples when the total count of temples (quotes as hundreds of thousands) is less than 100 while the total count of temples destroyed by hindu kings is a little under 1000. 
RSS has been hard at work spreading lies exaggerating the accomplishments of their own leaders and belittling the good rule of Muslim rulers. We are all victim to their propaganda - not just you or just hindus.
@USER Looking at government money? @USER I'm not too worried about where it comes from as long as it keeps coming?
Schofield “It was one of the most profound moments of my life” Also Schofield “We did not pass the coffin and were there in a purely professional capacity” ? #ThisMorning. @USER BULLSHIT.
@USER  @USER That’s soundscape excellent and you’re welcome! @USER  @USER Here’s how it went. I volunteered to present my pitch first so I’d be memorable: “Hi, I’m Daniel G. Taylor, CEO &amp; Founder of Mayer Marketing Agency. I help entrepreneurs get better clients with fatter wallets.” It worked.
Train your mind to stay calm in every situation. @USER Major key right there.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu कहते हैं शरीर की मृत्यु यह तुम्हारी मृत्यु नहीं, शरीर के जाते हुए भी तुम इतने के इतने ही पूर्ण हो । #Bapuji #AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
I don't even know or care to know the truth because this is so obviously clickbait rubbish. The bane of internet information, Jesus.
Does anyone have a decent news outlet other than The Guardian? Something that is simply information even, no clixkbait and sensational rubbish to entertain the lowest common denominator... RTÉ are fairly good for it.
@USER I really don't know...I mean I can't say anything about anyone is true until I meet him or her. People are way different in reality. So no conclusions ? @USER There is definitely truth in what you say.
Online reviews are a problem it's far to easy for people to just shit on companies and create a skewed unfair perspective.
Much of the time it can be defamatory to... The entire review thing needs some proper regulation and rules.. >regulation and rules
All that would do is make people create their own websites/blogs/forums to sidestep the rules. You'd have a tough time enforcing that on a global scale.
Trained or untrained? Trained. For maximum efficiency.
I was a shitty lil kid... Always felt sad and alone...
And now as an adult... I realize that those days were still better ...
Even if I didn't play any video games or much sports... I used to have a really amazing sleep... Those school cancellation days... Those school days... 
I used to laugh at people when they used to play - Ye Kagaz ki Kashti and start sobbing... Now I myself couldn't go through that whole song without jerking a tear
Fuck man. 
I wish I can tell every kid that don't compare your bachpan to others because in the end, it doesn't matter... Bachpan never comes back... Live it... Fuck. You will cherish this randi rona one day too.
Dundalk fans singing “your from tallaght, scruffy tallaght” is like a homeless man slagging you for being poor. @USER Cracking song. Very accurate too.
Pass them a barm and ask them what it's called. If they don't fiercely defend their answer while decrying all others, they're a spy. This is, without a shadow of doubt, the best answer here.
BREAKING NEWS!
Former NRL player Curtis Scott has been found GUILTY of three charges against his former partner, Tay-Leigha Clark.
Details to follow. @USER Back to bush footy.
Last Saturday night was homecoming and today  every single kid in my son's friend group tested positive for Influenza....so yeah..now is a good time to get your flu shot. @USER Oh no!!
Lol. They said they will demand resignation of HM. 
Aiming for the stars I guess. "Aim for the stars and you will reach the tree top.".
Two data points in isolation are not a trend. Was the decline consistent over that 10-year period or was that a single-year anomaly?
It's no different than saying that the average world temperature was the same in 2007 as it was in 2019, therefore climate change isn't real.
Need more information. Even if claim costs falling in 2018 was a blip, why hasn't any of that been passed on to consumers in 2018 or 2019?
Fill in the blanks and give it back, I think that's the game. My brother recommended posting a note saying:
“I’ll park wherever I want you   _  _  _  _   _  _ _ “.
It is still completely beyond me why politicians would choose to have a social media presence - the thing that works with these things is authenticity and a genuine identity, neither of which they are capable of having... all that remains is an effortless target for ridicule.
UwU. @USER My Federal MP chooses not to have one and I thought that strange. #ZanetaMascarenhas.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I don't even think he's dead. There's a bunch of shady shit with his autopsy and he could've easily faked his death.
The only good offroading bikes in India right now in your budget are the KTM Adventure, RE Himalayan, Hero Xpulse and Bajaj Dominar. Though the dominar is not a full fledged off roader it is capable enough as it shares tye same underpinnings as its cousin KTM Duke . The BMW G310 ss is slightly over your budget, so is the KTM Adventure 390, both of these are slightly above 3 lakhs on road after local taxes but are more powerful than all the other options. The Himalayan comes in your budget and the newer 411cc BS6 ones are more reliable than the older BS4 ones, but with RE the problem is you never know when you might get a Lemon. That brings us down to Hero Xpulse whose 200cc engine is underpowered for off-roaders but is good enough in the city. 
If you are the gambling kind i would suggest the Himalayan, otherwise stick to any of the rest. Since you already owned a classic 500 you would be familiar with the temperament of a bullet. Thanks! I think I'm inclined towards the Himalayan, given everything I've read here and on other sites. I'm in India now and will probably visit a KTM showroom or two, though, just to get a feel for the 390. 
I'll check out the BMW G310, just since a few folks have recommended it. It looks to be at the top end of my budget, but there's a chance I may have enough money--my language program is fully funded and comes with a stipend, so if I can save enough money for a BMW, I can get one. 
However, I do have to wonder how practical it'd be to get one fixed on the fly. The big advantage of Enfields, at least in my experience, is that just about any mechanic in India can fix one in a relatively short period of time. 
I've actually had much better luck with REs in India than overseas, in part because a lot of the problems I had were exacerbated by higher average speeds in the U.S.
Launched from Lough Ree, Westmeath about twenty five minutes ago. @USER Hope you have a successful mission and all return safely.
What van would be acceptable for you? 
WE know what a Union flag is you patronising twat. A van from a British company. That would be acceptable.
Without telling your age, what song reminds you of your high school years? @USER Suite Judy blue eyes
CSN.
End life on Earth. aight ill go first.
It a a good thing he is spending all this money in wedding.
Read it as, Politician infuses Rs. 500 crore in local economy.
It will create lot of job and employment.
Edit: it is a light hearted fun comment. Ahh yes the trickle-down economics. If you feed enough oats to a horse, it would eventually shit enough undigested oats to feed the birds.
Reptiles. ?
@USER  @USER Who is paying for the role of International PR Photographer to the PM..? @USER  @USER  @USER Have you not seen the insane amount of money they have spent on official photographers?
Name something you learned in school that you’ve never used in your adult life…. @USER How to disect a frog ?
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER The Catholic Church.
कुछ मोहब्बत है इसलिए भी अधूरी रह जाती हैं

ताकि उनके परिवार खुश रह सके...? @USER Hamri trah ??
Well as an Irish man to you: thank you for taking those shitty jobs none of us want?? Hey if it wasn't for old Wojtek that works at the sketchy car mechanics down the road you wouldn't have passed the NCT.
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER Hahahhahahahahahahhaahhahahahahahah.
@USER  @USER  @USER I haven’t been able to download it from music glue either. @USER  @USER  @USER So glad it’s not just me. I see it as a good problem to have. An album so hot it’s creating a meltdown. ??
Whataburger. I miss Whataburger so much. Moved back home and the best we've got now is Lee's Chicken.
सुना है सबकुछ मिल जाता है गूगल पर
 वफादार दोस्त चाहिए लोकेशन भेजना मुझे. @USER Yes am,I ok best'friends.
Next week marks 6 years since Brexit. It's been one hell of a ride. That promise of Brexit, of taking back control, won't be complete until Northern Ireland is out of the EU single market and the whole of the UK is free of Euro courts. @USER The ECHR is NOT an EU institution!!! It was literally started in part by Winston Churchill!!
It's Benadryl Custardbath-get it RIGHT! It's actually Benecol Camembert, surprised you'd make that mistake.
@USER  @USER Go u!
Sleep is what gets me though the day ?
And my dogs ? @USER  @USER I occasionally indulge in nanna naps, too. ?
I called rakes, rape. Wow, that's unfortunate. But also pretty funny ?
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. If they had the capacity for reason, they wouldn't be bhakts. Save your time, ignore him.
@USER Morning Elaine ? @USER Morning Maggie.
@USER Legitimate power ie Legal worldly power, why does the church hold them, surely it's the power of Divine Law they are invested in. @USER That’s why they hold them under guard. The whole point.
Are these surgical mask you're talking about or P2 masks?
I do the ordering for our faculty which needs masks and P2 masks are non existent to order, it's a nightmare. We have plenty of surgical masks in stock so I'd hate for those to be hard to get when I re order  them. surgical masks. we have always have our p2 locked away.
@USER Now wait a minute, you work on a car that has had 2 of the best "bottom feeders" in the business  drive it and all see in this pic is the inside line , why didn't you take it ??!!!! @USER ? it was far from a race track.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good Afternoon. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Sir Ji,

Very Very Good Afternoon To You Too Also ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
I’ve been quoted €15,000 to remove/deactivate an old oil system with “gun-barrel” pipe work and replace it with a new gas system with combi boiler. I’d look at air source heat pumps. Looks like they will be doing away with gas soon.
A question: is it typical that people in Frome drive like absolute arseholes at pre-7.30am ? 

Because I'm going to tell you a little story:. So, i woke up just before 6am in this house my friend is renting.... We arrived last night after dark with a car absolutely stuffed to the roof with every wordly possession &amp; 12bt of wine #WinemakerThugLife.
Today I recorded people’s lips telling stories of loss in response to my recent film. It was heavy but wholesome: we cried, we hugged, we shared &amp; we said the names of those that are no longer with us. It is an utterly humbling privilege to be with people to tell their stories. @USER ❤️.
Mr  @USER please there are indications that you have been included as Spokesman in the campaign team for ObiDatti, I need you to confirm this bcos u are my spokesperson. @USER  @USER Is there another list ?
I'm always in surprised to find muslims in the BJP at the first place. Despite the kind of venom spread by the parties top leadership. Indian culture, as far as understand from my surroundings has been very 'survival' type, despite at this point of time, you dont need it.
50 years from now, you had to lick your bosses or village leaders shoes to simply survive. And that culture is still there. 
With this culture, most ppl dont think whats morally right or i can say no. The line of thinking is mostly, whose ass do i need to kiss to get most financial gain.
@USER Great picture. @USER Thanks Helen.
I don’t know anyone who’s acc finished suits everyone gave up somewhere. @USER Wasn’t that the same after Mike left ??
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER VERY easy. 
Got it at my local Walgreens the first week it was available.
@USER Celtics dik riders incoming

Real rankings:
BI
JB
MIDdleton
DeFrozen. @USER  @USER nah u right , BI took a big step last season.
Jokes & fun aside, keep a watch on bhakts and similar hate spreading accounts. If they go down sharply, then this is a whistle before crackdown on social media. If I can read his methods and track records, this is what he does  before any kind of drastic measures. A few days before his Kashmir 'masterstroke,' bhakts in my family were getting forwards asking if Kashmiris should be allowed to live on the government's dime.
So is there a set annual date for these things or is it more whenever they reach a certain number, like once they have a thousand or so people? I think they have about 3 a year, maybe moving between Killarney and the Convention Centre. A few of the women in work have gone become citizens in the last 2 years. 
The Polish woman had to go to Killarney which she wasn't happy about, but she's also rarely happy.
Have three lots of family members visiting at different times today. Don’t intend to leave the house at all, going to sit on my arse and enjoy hot drinks all day, before going back to three walks to school a day tomorrow. My parents want to take the kids to Liverpool today, so might get a chance for some Sunday Xbox. 
I’m halfway through two weeks off work. I totally forgot about work, until now. Il spend the second half dreading going back to work. And, er, where is the mandatory dog tax?
@USER I wish there was a way to look inside. Always enjoy visiting the Air and Space Museum Annexe near Dulles. I think it’s better than the one on the Mall (currently closed). @USER  @USER The Udvar-Hazy Center is jaw dropping.
Washing my hands more. Smart one, you are.
I once saw a documentary called the Iran Job. It followed a basketballs players journey and at the same time observing the social situation. A question was asked to a young lady on why she shouldn't leave Iran for a country say US. She said something like this..
"if I go abroad , I get freedom. But this freedom doesn't belong to me and I didn't try to get it. I want to be here and change the situation". Going by the state of Iran right now, he didn't change the situation.
@USER  @USER  @USER For the sake of my relationship I’m not going to tell him you’ve tweeted him this ? @USER  @USER  @USER Forget it! I've just WhatsApped him the link. You may cancel whatever plans you've made for the rest of 2022. And possibly beyond. ?
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER My Russian friends living outside of Russia are all speaking to each other, worried and afraid for what comes next. They believe Putin will react fast in Ukraine as well against those who protest. This is not good. What will the West's response be?
Ugh Newstart was the WORST. I moved states and had to be on it for a little while. They tried to send me to a literacy program, one to ready you for work, and one for writing CVs. I escalated through the useless people there finally to a manager and she was the only one who listened when I told her I had a bachelor with honours and had just left my PhD to move. That I had worked in the industry already and my CV was great but it was grant season, and jobs wouldn't start being advertised for two months or so.  Literally the ONLY person who listened.
Like, those courses were filled withand directed at people who hadn't finished school. How do you look at my details and not think 'yeah probably no need for literacy and basic math for this person'. I literally had one of these people tell me to take my PhD, lab experience and bachelors off my resume so that I could apply for jobs in retail. I was very happy to land a job by the time these fucktards were able to call me again.
September 25th is #SeeSayDay! Take the time today to save the Suspicious Activity Reporting phone number(s) for wherever you live, work, or spend time in your phone. By doing so, you’ll be prepared to help keep your community safe when you see something suspicious. @USER I “see” suspicious activity everyday at the border. It’s all over TV. We all have eyes!!!  Illegal immigrants pouring into the country by the thousands. Do someting!!!
Dear  @USER 

 I was returning from the National Games held in Gujarat, and the staff not only behaved badly, but also charged us a hefty amount for excess baggage which was the medals and goodies that we athletes had won. @USER  @USER What do you expect from a third class airlines.? Indigo airlines is worse than the village town bus.
Which town is it really, and school? If your referring to the school in the east of ireland that the news is reporting on then it's Scoil Catriona on mobhi road in dublin.
Peter Obi submitted GCE Degree certificate and I have been cracking my head since yesterday to understand what exactly they mean by GCE Degree? Na question I ask oh. @USER GCE degree certificate ke? Nothing we no go hear from Naanu!!
Half way through our Louvre visit and having a bite to eat at a cafe, and there’s a bloke at the next table eating a burger and licking his fingers after every bite - what l wouldn’t do for a big stick right now. @USER You’d think they’re be museum security specifically employed to prevent such nonsense.,.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. how is this is conspiracy theory? is it a conspiracy because google uses the feedback to improve google maps?
Completed 18 years in Journalism today! 

#WorkAnniversary. @USER Many congratulations ??
As an American that's been here for awhile now, I do appreciate the idea of not spending the entire budget on tanks every year, but I'm also pretty sure I could take over the country with a good pistol, a few molotovs, and a half decent scarecrow.  A little more funding for the poor lads in the defense force might be appropriate
Edit: Apparently none of you can understand hyperbole and instantly equate more funding with a call for rampant militarism and imperialism. Calm down you knee-jerk slacktivist keyboard warriors. ‘As an American’....the preamble to absolute shite. Your ‘society’ is the youngest in the world and it is a mishmash of different countries’ cultures. Your military/government are the ultimate global terrorists, nobody wants to be like you. You’d get your molotov swiftly rammed up your arse if you start making those threats here. Shut up and keep your aggressive ideologies to yourself.
I remember an episode where someone stabbed someone through one of those vented wardrobe door things like this and it shit me up so badly I couldn't go near the one at my Nan's. Ive seen them all, dont recall that one to be honest? :P You sure you wernt watching Halloween?
The blame put on women for not stopping themselves from being raped will never not shock and disgust me. @USER It’s disgusting,some men are predators and they will do absolutely anything to rape a woman,dirt bags of the highest order. Ian.
@USER i like iced. @USER W or.w out sugar ,?
Seems like many Indians on Reddit are as likely to ignore/deny these posts as are the ones sitting at home and receiving their news from WhatsApp. 
DissapointedIndian. precisely the reason they won't ever get to know what happen beyond infiltrated whatsapp groups.
Whats your favourite  Queen song ? @USER Breakthru, Innuendo and Keep Passing the Open Windows.
Loving these meta posts. Came here to say this, really rather enjoyable.
@USER whaaaaa i want it! @USER When I was a kid they were at least twice as long as this ?

They are still delicious though.
I got caught up in a thread. Its seems some guy named Nick is not a nice person. I think he might have played for the Cubs. Or maybe it was the Bears. If you know who this is, please let me know. Thanks. @USER Unfortunately Mary, there’s a lot of not nice people in here. Most of them are either Braves or Phillies fans.
Don't use tinder for finding marriageable guys, it's not meant for that. Okay!
@USER Nope, I often wonder what I want to do when I grow up &amp; I'm in my 40s. Always try new things. @USER Thank you ?
Fixtures matter of course, but Leicester's haven't been great either.

You could maybe say they've been a *little* unlucky.

You could also say that Iversen probably deserves a chance... @USER My old man’s a Leicester fan and can’t believe that iversen hasn’t been given a chance yet.
@USER Thanks for these comments today Tracy. Needed validation after a heavy morning talk fest ? @USER Good to hear ❤️.
I had the 10 year anniversary of friends of my parents. And most of the guests were adults ( i'm 15). There was a small group of other children consisting of 2 boys of about 8 years old, one girls that was 13, a guy that was 16 ( behaving like a 13 year old), a girl that was also 15 and me. At the beginning of the party i didn't know any of the other kids so we chatted for a while just playing some cart games and stuff and one of the 8 year olds doesn't feel well and wants to be brought home so his father brother and sister go to their house to put him to bed and not leaving him unattended while me the 15 year old girl and an 8 year old stay at the party for another hour so the boy can get some sleep. The father returned to the party btw. So after an hour the rest of us go to their home to just chill and have a good time i put the 8 year old to bed and as i turn around telling the kid goodnight i see behind me the 15 year old girl standing in the doorway now keep in mind that we didn't meet before the party and i only met her like 3 hours ago we did however kinda flirt throughout the night so we get out of the room and the sexual tension was immens we get it on and have sex in the parents bedroom while the 16 and 13 year old are downstairs and 2 8 year olds are two metres away i hear a door crack open to reveal one of the eight year olds asking what we are doing me being the super db smartass i am say that i dropped my phone and that we were searching it and that he should go to sleep but the stubburn little shitbag wants to help search we tell him to leave and we get clothed and in comes the 16 year old asking what we were doing. He of course gets it strait away amd now i look like some fuck boi in front of a family i only met once 
Edit: fuck wrong treat. Did you mean to post in /r/quityourbullshit?
@USER Congratulations ? ? @USER Thank you.
@USER Massively uneducated boy. Beyond brainless. @USER But, but but, he has a LAW DEGREE!!!
???
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The criminal years!
@USER What the fuck did I just watch. @USER Pure inspiration.
Stupid. You can't spell stupid without tape.
Hii

Good morning ❤️? @USER Mere pss masg karo..!
@USER  @USER Your a bender. @USER  @USER Disappointed bro.
That's pretty boss. Alright Ali G calm down.
@USER I dont believe you just send me a rack and i will let you know. @USER  @USER ??? Me too.
I suppose that they're afraid of succumbing to it and dying. Glad we cleared that up.
It is one of the most touching bereavements!
That bring unremitting torments
To one's soul!
And fill the heart with thoughts, fair and foul!
I know not how long 
Shall I bear this irreparable loss,
That hath hit me strong
To the core,
A memory, that gathers no moss! @USER A memory of a flower is not in the essence that lingers somewhere in the palm of hands, but whiff of fragrance nostrils caught, with the humble wind! It's the petals that are now dry, the prickly thorn! A bubbly rose now exist in some other sphere.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER contributors have permission to use  @USER heatmaps I believe. I regularly use the heatmaps for figuring out hiking routes. No reason you couldn't identify good cycling roads too though you would likely need additional data sources for traffic volumes, lanes, etc. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Feel free to join  @USER discussion forums to discuss more if desired. ?

#MapYourWorld #RotharRoads #OpenStreetMap.
Or they’ve never been to London. Or they’ve never been anywhere other than london.
London sucks. It really doesn’t. But what makes you feel that way.
Can we perhaps upgrade the travel advice for all these countries please? 
A ban, sure but most of them are “returning” from holidays. There are some rich ppl out there are circumventing band and just flying off from another country to get here.
Alakazam. He is just perfect. If only he had better defense.
Frankly speaking, I had totally forgotten about the RUSSIA-UKRAINE war .....

#NoToNukes. @USER As lot of happening in India itself Sir ????
Apologies for jumping in, and downvote it all, if you like. I’m not Irish, but seeing as this thing gets global: We have been through bird and swine flu, the pneumonia, and now this. Not to mention Ebola. And here we all are. It’s not like we have a plague on our hands and as far as I know it’s not the Middle Ages. I heart all the people who lost their loved ones. It is a great tragedy. But isn’t it getting a bit out of hand? St Patrick's Day parade has been cancelled before due to foot and mouth, so it's not an overreaction to do the same this time. It's only sensible. Also regardless of how much you heart me, I don't want my parents to catch it.
Looks like a Caterpillar D6, absolute unit of plant machinery. Not when the D11 exists!
Coronavirus: Come for the Lung Disease, stay for a good case of fucking diarrhea. I just flushed my toilet.
Its a "Caroma" cistern. Clean flush it states.!
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ✋?
Bangladesh: Openly critical of India. 
Nepal: Embroiled in a border dispute. 
Bhutan: Limiting Indian tourist access. 
Sri Lanka: Rajapaksa ousts pro-India incumbent.
Afghanistan: Americans are rehabilitating the Taliban. 
Iran: See above.
Pakistan: Pushing forward with a concerted diplomatic offensive. 
China: Making ingress into Indian territory by building infrastructure to change facts on ground. 
But at least watching Jaishankar give tactless aggressive responses to foreign dignitaries provides bahkts enough material to jack off over a “strong India”.
Wonder what happened to his “look east policy”, I’m assuming planning guided tours to Kashmir is taking up all of the foreign ministry’s time. Sab anti-national international hai ji...
I thought that was going to be a really boring game after the first 20 minutes, but that turned into one hell of a final to be fair. Congratulations Leicester. @USER Hope you got to see the URC final, was an absolute cracker of a game!
Do you know what old people often find stressful and upsetting? It’s car parks where you can only pay by using an app or a credit card. Quite a lot of old people don’t carry the latter (yes, really) and they have no idea what an app is. (1/9). @USER  @USER would you be so kind as to unroll this important (and moving) thread? Thank you!
5% of that paper will be used to blow noses. Is that all? I though for sure it’d be at least 30%.
A bird plane. Bird plane?
Are you on WhatsApp ...? @USER Yes baby girl ?
No, I will not give into the desire to mock a has been with negative opinions about current Star Trek, but I really do wonder what someone’s life is like when they spend it barfing gatekeeping nonsense on the internet. @USER He is literally the Fox News of fandom &amp; the person *most* in need of being quoted lines like —

SPOCK: “Are we so old that we have outlived our usefulness?”

&amp;

KIRK: “Come now, Mr. Scott. Young minds, fresh ideas. We must be tolerant!”

— if only he could grasp their meaning.
This is beautiful! Thank you!
Had a glance at the 6 o'çlock headlines, it's all "this is what you need to buy to prepare."
The next few days will be interesting. Commercial news is all about
NEWS ALERT
Is [some ongoing event] about to [speculation without evidence to cause viewer concern]?
We'll tell you how to protect [pause] your family.
The thought of being anxious. Vicious cycle. Same.
My company have basically said we can work from home if we feel safer doing so... but only with our direct manager's approval.
But no one has the stones to make the first move on my team. Plenty of other teams have people at home now. But my team get the vibe our manager would be a bit shit if we started.
Honestly I would definitely feel safer. I can work 100% remote, and my office is  giant open plan with nearly 1000 people who are constantly travelling for work, so if this actually kicks off it'll be a fair nightmare for spreading. Just bite the bullet and ask better safe than sorry worst they can say is no.
These are setts not cobbles. That's not what I was referring to riding over. If you knew the area you would get that.
@USER GM ?? @USER  @USER Gm ☮️.
Mostly because the media paints it out to be worse than it is. The flu kills more yearly than corona. News services in particular are the worst for this. They want little more than views. The flu kills more people yearly than falling in to active volcanoes. 
This doesn't make the flu more dangerous than active volcanoes.
Judging by the tractors tyres it's not really that deep. Seems like it would be really easy to bottom out. True, but they probably would have been ok but for the waves created by the tractor which caused them to jump and one jetski to lose a part ( probably bottomed out as you mentioned).
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER People. ?
I love you all ❤️. @USER Feeling’s mutual xx.
To keep people away from me on the way home from shopping today, I coughed a couple of times and wholeass groups of adults changed their path.
I'd see someone walking my way, I'd cough a lil and they would look for a way out. I know it's a lil mean, but it's the best way to keep people away from me since I already washed my hands, used sanitiser and took precautions before. That's pretty smart.
They should. It's ridiculous. Especially those fools that go swimming in the middle of a storm. Putting other lives in danger. Those people are absolute pricks but I still don't think this is a good idea.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER Yeah people are strange these days and covid has emphasised this  and getting worse.
Someone just told me they spent 7K on a gaming PC ? @USER Waste of money.
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Help by The Beatles.
Nothing is difficult to attain, in this world or the other, to those who have meditation and divine Name in their life. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER ???
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
Eir have been going downhill for at least 6 months now. Their 4g no longer works for me on the Dart or Luas during rush hour. I'm going to change. Yeah I actually have up using my phone on the Luas, 
Who is the best? VODAFONE?
In fairness, a British van would be on the hard shoulder. God bless British Leyland and all the plants on the hard shoulder their broken down vans watered.
If that's the price that's the price. If they make a mistake it's their fault, not yours. 
As far as I know if they ship it without recognising the mistake they can't charge you extra.
Happens regularly in stores where a mistake is honoured even if both parties know it's a mistake. There's no legal principal behind this whatsoever. Larger companies will usually write off most of these mistakes to prevent bad PR but legally, if they have made a genuine mistake then your contract isn't valid.
Getting your DNA sequenced in the USA by a random by mail corporation just to find out if you’re “exotic” in any way is stupid. Fellow people, stop it! The government can get a hold of it and best case, record your DNA for no reason. Worst case...use it for future eugenics endeavors? Figure out if you’re “too sick” to have health insurance?
Edit: took out “white people” because Reddit was too fragile for my 4% Cherokee joke. I just don’t trust it. They know where we are and what we search, who we talk to at all times.  I’d rather them not having access to my biological matter too!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Many Many Congratulations... @aartimahajan_20. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
@USER That's Fabulous Friday news! @USER Thanks my friend.
I am pro First Past The Post, because I am pro the Labour Party.

Let's not give the extremes the keys to number ten. @USER FPTP will mean Labour will never win a majority.
Its a lot cheaper to deport them than to keep them in jail... They get deported after they do the time for their crime.
Which defeats the purpose of jail, because if theyve paid their debt to society then they should be welcomed back.
The NFL manipulates it’s games just enough in order to get the best product out of their season because they are a business with billions of dollars on the line. This is just a fact?
@USER  @USER Both are ? don't spread hate for Indian team pillars. @USER  @USER  @USER Yesterday you were trolling kl now giving gyan on hate ??
Unfortunately, while Bus Éireann and Iarnróid Éireann accept the Student Leap Card as proof of your student status, Dublin Bus, Luas, Dart and Commuter only accept it.
An Post are usually very good at getting things to the correct person. If you're at 50 Fitzwilliam Street and they send it to 15 Witzfillian Road, I'd say it'll get to you.
There's not much that they can do to trace you, but if the same inspector catches you again, he might call the guards. If you're found guilty in the District Court of deliberately evading your fare (and while the inspector has accepted you acted in error, rather than fraudulently, by purchasing a student ticket you weren't entitled to and gave you a Standard Fare Notice instead of prosecuting; if you've given him a false name and address that is an attempt to evade your fare) you face a fine of up to €1000 plus costs.
What is the reason code on your notice? 
If you appeal it right away it's frozen at the lower rate of €45 instead of going up to €100 (if not paid in 28 days) until the decision is made, so if nothing else this will allow you some time to get the money together. I got a letter from Cadburys with a town that doesn't exist as well as a county that doesn't exist. I've no idea how An Post got that letter to me.
On leave until Thursday -  @USER and I are going to cabin retreat in Daylesford for a few days for some R&amp;R ?️. @USER  @USER Will need to see the happy snaps.
@USER Father, you didn’t hurt my feelings, you insulted my intelligence. Pax. @USER I am sorry for insulting your intelligence. I wish you well.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congo  @USER bro. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
I'd say it'll be sickening. It'll go viral.
@USER Dwayne misses the point by 100 light years. @USER I didn’t bother finding out more about what was said,he ain’t worth listening to.
All of them. You beat me by 4 min, I like you dark friend.
Wasnt it said that the coronavirus wont survive in warm climates and that's why regions like Europe are under major threat and regions like Africa and India are relatively safe from a major outbreak ?
Or was that another myth of COVID?
Just googled it and this is the best answer I could find.Guardian
>Is it possible the warmer weather may bring relief?
Some observers have pointed to the fact that Africa has relatively few cases of Covid-19 and that this may be a response to hotter conditions there. The virus cannot take the heat, in other words.
Most scientists counsel caution, however. “The disease has only just arrived in Africa and it is far too early to tell how it will behave there,” says Woolhouse. “We will just have to wait and see.”. Viruses from bats are more resistant to high temperatures as bats produce high temp. While flying.
As for Africa, Africa is less connected to the rest of the world so fewer cases.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Congrats!
@USER Hey you should be in central Australia. We discovered the legs and feet of the largest bird on earth, Dromornis stirtoni. What a find. @USER That’s amazing!! Probably far too old for me, though ?
slay slay all day. @USER Reyanna Sleepria.
peak capitalism is not being able to immediately tell if it is satire or not. Seems pretty obvious to me.
Hey aamir sir, we lost 42 lives in the national capital. 5 years ago, he did speak. He has learnt from that experience.
Going the other way:€50k fine for blatant pollution of Cork lagoon; 2,000 truckloads of builders rubble dumped. Yes but the state only picks on easy targets . Too much hassle for them to go after someone with resources.
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER Impossible, may be he felt on something but can’t decide.
No shit hardly wore a jumper for more a week or two last "winter". I wore shorts all winter here in Coffs.
Masturbating. I think you got it all twisted here pal.
Propoganda it is ..!!!  URL  
They only have 76 followers and this profile was made in Oct 2019 PLUS see the tweets they are doing like the interview of Swara with Abp news (cropped so as to suit bjp narrative) ... 
I don't believe you should trust these Sites. I just saw few other tweets as well which are false including Rajdeep Sardesai's tweet.
It's the doggy sugar tax. Sugar doggy tax.
New Culture Secretary Michelle Donelan on Radio 4 says she wants to look again at the “business case” for selling Channel 4

Seems like sale is being kicked into long grass. @USER  @USER Hopefully...
The media love to throw up trade scenarios.

So let's do the same for them.

Who would trade in/out from the footy media on TV/Radio/Paper.

(Mega super deals accepted!). @USER Brian Taylor waived for salary cap space.
Gm Gm anything is possible ☀️. @USER GM thanks for the reminder ?
so were getting free drugs? No you have to pay for charas ki chutney.
We need to build a wall around Leinster. It’s all fun and games now but what if it hit Cork? We can’t take that risk. It wont hit cork because people don't travel to that shithole.
Say usual place again. The ushe.
@USER "Lock Up your Sons &amp; Daughters..". @USER  @USER Well definitely your sons.
Start your day off right, with the stimulating news that Alex Jones is no longer allowed to run his InfoWars company, per a federal bankruptcy judge.

ENJOY! @USER I Feel Better Already ??
अशोक गहलोत जादूगर नहीं कांग्रेस को बर्बाद करने वाले कारीगर हैं।. @USER Tumko to cm banana he pele nhi ta ke pta jo aaj cla.
It's sad that she has to get out ahead of this because of scumbag tabloids. Her personal life should be off limits. Ugh. What are the tabloids saying?
Do men still cook &amp;wash the dishes???? @USER Mine does, thank goodness ?.
I remember this is when my family and I made the move to Brisbane from UK. it was a bit of a culture shock but there is something special about how 90s Australia felt. I loved going going to an outback school, we ended up in dalby. Guys did 'lappies' in the main street. Underage drinking at Marys pub. (not condoning it) Cigarettes will kill you,  MGF, Regurgitator, powderfinger Recovery, custard. nirvana, foo fighters, Pearl jam, yes spice girls lol. Superjesus was my first concert when I was 18 and living with friends in the late 90s. Livid festival.  I used to mosh! Holy crap lol. Mates I made.The balmy house parties in suburban Brisbane at uni. $1 drinks.  my flatmate watching dawsons creek, going to Lions games with her. Jason Akimanis and Luke Power.
most of the 90s I was at school though. In dalby I remember the Great Locust Plague of 1994. And the mouse plague of '93. National anthem at school assembly. heartbreak High, Drazic, X files, and my friend and I used to make cheesy Mulder and Scully birthday cards. Jimeoin and Bobs cooking show. Aussie comedy. four weddings and a funeral. Listening to Lawsie on the radio with my dad on holidays. riding around town on my bike, dropping in on mates. art class. it was the only one I really liked I think, and English, drama. I remember backchatting teachers. Cross Country runs in 35 degree heat. Celing fans. Lynx deorderant. chatting with my best mate outside school for ages about Ab Fab. we gossipped about teachers like Mrs Brown 'how now brownnn cow' as we watched her drive off in her "Toorak tractor" we used to say. (its ok, bitchiness was deserved),internet got connected in my house when I was in grade 12, I thought it was the biggest deal to be able to chat to a rando across the world.  school camp at Tallebudgera where apparently everyone isn't scared of heights except me. a bat flying into our cabin. my friend screaming. bahaha. Electric blue streaks in my hair. (18) because I thought that was cool ha. qcs exams. excitement about moving out. the last week of school.  yearbooks and saying goodbye. two girls wore the same dress to the year 12 formal and it was awkward.  schoolies. sorry for the punctuation, good thread. Best reply ever.
Save it. Boooo this guy.
@USER Weight kaafi put on hgya h ? aur exams tk hosh me rehna h to mid Nov tk No Choley Bhaturey ?‍?️???? @USER  @USER CA's child be like

A for Asset

B for Balance Sheet

C for Chartered Accountants

D for Documentation

E for Equity

Continue in the comments......
My almost 90yr old dad is in A&amp; E in  @USER #UHL He arrived by ambulance at 10pm having had a cardiac issue at home... WHY THE HELL is it ok to have him then sit in a chair for 7hrs (and counting) waiting 2 b seen by a doc &amp; getting more and more anxious by the minute? ???? @USER  @USER Elaine this is the norm in there  @USER can you help with this???
Still think these ought to be nuclear powered. Getting nuclear licencing for Pompey would never happen. They are also too big to get into Guzz and Faslane.
Name me one person in the history of humanity that got sick from using an ATM or petrol pump, I'll wait. There was this one guy who drank straight from the pump and then stuck his tongue into the money dispensing slot while it was open and then lit his tongue. He was fully sick.
I would say Barq's. Because it has bite?
People are now justifying "Goli Maro" shouting at Metro Station. What's their excuse this time?
Glad you enjoyed it. I live close to here and it never gets boring. All year round its beautiful. I even proposed to my wife here :). It’s an appropriate place to do it, even crap days look nice here.
@USER  @USER Oi. @USER  @USER  @USER Don’t get the boys onto poor old Webbo now…! Admit if he’s your favourite driver too! You’re his…?
Locking money down just in time before the next recession... ahhj yeah! It is incredibly authoritarian/Orwellian. 
I am equally dumbfounded that the Liberal government would consider such a bill and that the Labor party would agreed to support the governments bill when it appears such an obvious move to vote it down with the cross bench. You would think that "the liberals coming for your savings account" would have more of an impact on supporters than this "sports rort" saga.
Me. We learned in science class.
Binge watching Vox channel ke videos with the tastiest chips of all time ( Blue vale Lay's, not looking for a debate here) is a healthy coping mechanism. Green Lay's are bettet.
@USER So terribly sad. @USER There are only ~30,000 Mincéirí in Ireland so every family is struggling with suicide. It’s a desperate situation &amp; we really need to have the British &amp; Irish governments address why kids are choosing not to live because of how settled people are treating Travellers.
@USER Good morning, Be Real. Regarding subtitles on Girls5Eva. We don't expect to have subtitle support anytime soon but we do hope to support all Peacock content in the future. Have a nice day. ^GS. @USER Thanks. That's really disappointing. I'm pretty astonished #subtitles (at least in the broadcast language) aren't standard for all TV in 2022.

Is  @USER not providing them or are your respective technologies not compatible?

#accessibility #deafawareness.
@USER  @USER  @USER Still at the pub? @USER  @USER  @USER Apologies for the delayed reply, I believe the Doctors have wrapped up for the day. But hopefully we can help out tomorrow!
Queen or Prince? @USER Prince.
@USER Do u still facebook? Well I quit 7 years back.Its so boring. @USER Not for Actors ...
Story? I really want to use this one more when I run into people haha.
I saw the exact same thing in a Greggs in Manchester Victoria. Weird! I'm down south mate so that wasn't it, weird!
Racism in action.
Everyone should be treated equally. The colour of someone's skin shouldn't be relevant in court. Ethnicity should not matter. You don't get to destroy another groups culture and living for dozens of decades then say "It's time to stand equal!".
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ? and will get it again. Who the hell cares about a Kevin Sorbo, whatever is was.
>So I know I'm pretty old now 
It's not 
you are doing great.
Am sure you won't wish to marry just for the sake of it.
I hope you embrace your life n do what you love to.
It's this patriarchal malice that assholes ingrain in females to get marry at the earliest, I wish someday u will flush this out.
And most importantly hoping that  u find LOVE, the UNCONDITIONAL one. Thank you so much. I will keep looking!
And yes patriarchy and all this pressure sucks!
@USER  @USER  @USER  you are missing the Annual Coddle twitter chat - well that’s what you get for going somewhere foreign????? @USER  @USER  @USER Coddle is not brown, that’s like saying wet white pudding !
You bought it. And used a massive chunk of the body wash...
I don't get these complaints. Netflix. Amazon prime. Apple TV. Disney+ then hundreds of channels on sky/virgin I'm sure there's plenty other things to watch. 
Or read a book
Listen to the radio
Go to the pub
I don't like love island therefore I just do something else. Everything they're on is absolute gash anyway.
I would've but I don't trust someone with that username. I understand you and i am trying to be honest with that user name ?
Red rooster is the fucking worst fast food place by far. Where I grew up there where two one in the major shopping centre and ones about a minute away outside. The outdoor one was always dead never saw a car in the drive thru. But the inside one had a line as long as hungry jack's, almost like people not wanting to wait in line decided to go there which then formed a line. There is a Chinese place, Maccas, KFC and a bunch of smaller food places in the same food court aswell. But always a line at red rooster. Worse than maccas? Sure mate.
Niggas be acting like they never saw a thick girl before? @USER Thickness.
Pyaar ka dusra naam kya hay? @USER Dhoka.
@USER Really worrying seeing how long people have been waiting for their luggage. I'm quite concerned about mine now. It was taken by mistake by another passenger with an identical case but if they're trying to contact you to get it back to me it will be impossible. @USER Absolutely no one seems to work in customer service. Agents on here tell me to call the baggage number but no one is ever available.
we are not at this point yet. Unless you live in an area which has had an infection, its not worth you start to panic yet. I mean, I live near MK, some of the quarantines are there, I'm still not panicking.
Cardinals Nation roll call!

Let's see how far Cardinals nation stretches around the globe! Where are you watching today's game from? @USER “Baston” at dah sevens.
@USER You’re following too closely. Back off. ? @USER ?????
This nation doesn't have proper infrastructure facilities for athletes.
Even my home ground Indira ghandi municipal stadium was spoiled by meetings conducted by cheif minister from the time of NARA CHANDRA BABU NAIDU until now that was until YS JAGAN MOHAN REDDY. I will wait patiently until my day 
Currently I was an underdog without a district medal
Definitely I will win Olympic gold and silver or bronze and I will be the fastest man on earth

I WILL WAIT UNTIL MY DAY.
@USER Been having them for weeks now, thought it was stress or weather related. Any good remedies? @USER I haven’t found anything yet unfortunately. Just hustle through it.
Shocking. I cannot absorb this. This pun made me recoil in disgust.
Sorry to dampen your spirit.
It isn’t the same contact per se, it’s just that the Govt agency responsible for myGov sends the messages from a name, and not a registered phone number. This makes impersonating them stupidly easy as you’ve seen.
Further, there’s no real global standards for verified SMS which increases the likelihood of people being phished. While Google has made some in-roads for their customers in select countries, it isn’t rolled out in Australia or other major nations. And Apple just keeps hoping more businesses will use their iMessage for business platform, but their rollout of it is as slow as a wet week. A sensible bit of legislation would be to require all incoming calls and SMS messages to be blackholed if they contain a name of an Australian government agency or any Australian phone number unless the holder of that number or the relevant agency has approved the spoof.
I don’t masturbate. My seed spills only into your mother. Well isn’t that a nice way to phrase it.
another jobless bollywood sanghi found
 URL. Who knew the brother of Ekta Kapoor, the sanghis favourite TV producer, was a RW zombie. 
Tusshar (why there are two s in his name is beyond me) is a Akshay Kumar clan fixture. This was expected.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congrats and well done ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you flower shed.
I'd use aircraft to drop pallets of supplies over affected areas. Clearly, anyone a pallet lands on wasn't meant to survive anyway. Some pallets may contain weapons also, for my own amusement. I don't think going full Fortnite is a good idea...
@USER  @USER I think anarchism is going on the right wing campaigning. @USER  @USER  @USER I think anarchism is a must have for the church that is not true?
Ending my life ? goodbye y’all. @USER This is a fake account she doesn’t have a Twitter.
Video or it didn't happen.
/s. Time machine with the ability to traverse all parallel universes otherwise it didn't happen...
Um....please don’t go back to work tomorrow. You should be self isolating! It's OK, Lord Kilclooney has you covered:
"Better for everyone that you are locked up for 14 days"
Apparently it's not a parody account, he's really that bad.
Hardly slept because of my dickhead neighbours. Half tempted to go bang on the door and wake them up in return.
Swimming today with little one. Then I will probably need a nap later on. Neighbours came back at 1.30am loud as hell. I banged on the wall and shouted SHUT THE FUCK UP in the middle of my sleep... they went quiet for the rest of the night but the exhilaration kept me up for hours.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Meat,chips, bread and beer....
Train your mind to stay calm in every situation. @USER Major key right there.
@USER Virtue’s of lies. @USER Not lies.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Looking forward to it!! ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You're in for a KILLER gig Sooz! ?✊?
I got a Christmas card from an Indian takeaway. I think I’m going to get shares in deliveroo.
Yes. I see you are in SA. It's because of the good rain we had a month or so ago coupled with what i imagine is a good amount of corpses in the hills from the fires. But mostly the rain. No real rain here, as I said in another comment a few insubstantial attempts this year is all.
SA is a reasonable sized state so the weather isn't uniform across it's entirety.
@USER So damn hot??? @USER Thanx bro.
I don’t get why the term living in your parent’s basement is an insult?
I thought Indians took great pride in living together.
Probably western culture focuses more on self dependence and living independently. That’s bizarre. Or marybe I’m an orthodox bigot. It's just difference of opinion. 
Earlier, most India were poor and uneducated, they depend on others to make their living. We are agriculture based country while west are mostly industrial based country. 
These differences make our living conditions. If you can get any job and place to live in a country, but still choose to live in your parents basement, isn't it would be an insult.
(Unpopular opinion, though I do hope it's not taken too close to heart) We, both as Northerners and Southerns, need to stop romanticising people like this if we are to seriously develop as 2 countries who can look back on history and not have a miniature verbal civil war. We don't want to develop as two countries.
@USER The house jocks would have loved it. @USER  @USER Racist! ????
Are you still in touch with people you went to school with? @USER I moved to another country so social media is a family and life moments sharing love fest and I thoroughly enjoy it.
@USER Happy born day. @USER My dawg!!! Preciate it bro.
ଅର୍ଚନା ନାଗ ସର୍ବଦଳୀୟ ବୁଦ୍ଧିମତୀ ମହିଳା ଟିଏ ଥିଲେ
ବିଜେଡି,ବିଜେପି, କଂଗ୍ରେସ ସବୁ ଦଳର ନେତାଙ୍କ ସହ ସମ୍ପର୍କ ସ୍ଥାପନ କରି ରଖିଥିଲେ
ଯାହା ଫଳରେ ଏତେ ବଡ଼ ଘଟଣା ଉପରେ ଏବେ କେହି କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ  ଆନ୍ଦୋଳନ କରିବେନି
ସମସ୍ତଙ୍କର ତ ଏଠି କେଂ,କିଏ କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ କହିବ....?? @USER Jaha kahile ddy …
Ebe women reservations uthijiba darkar.
This is the alternative,  URL. Cant see Mary from whishtmeath running around like that lol.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER People I consider friends haven't come near me since Mammy died in January. It really hurts.
Horses is a fucking garbage song, when did it become a cultural touchstone because I thought it was shithouse back in the 90s too. Horses needs to be taken out to the back paddock and shot.
gamepigeonaddicts don’t drink alcohol they drink pure human juices. this is the second comments about drinking human juices and i don’t know how to feel about that.
Modi is a megalomaniac and attention seeker. He can't keep himself off the mainstream media. This is not happening. Just another PR stunt. posting this again because r/india has taken down two posts under which I made this comment.
I live in a lovely village but it's in Nadine Dorries: constituency. Help! Pro  European, climate, love and compassion. #Followbackfriday #HumanRights  #FBFriday. @USER Has she been back since she was elected?
@USER You are one of the loveliest ? people I've ever met. So ignore this unknown person. @USER You made my day??
@USER What app is this so I can never install it. @USER Fitbit.
I remember a buddy of mine showed me a snuffpage when i was 9, saw some shit no 9 year old should see, worst was the picture of the gutted corpse of a women with a mans cock penetrating her so that you could see the cock go through the vagina and pop up again inside the gutted part of her abdomen, that picture is still clear as day. That kid wasn't your friend if they were showing you stuff like that, I'm sorry to say.
The cow lovers sprinkle cow piss. How do communists 'purify' a place? Put books with small print there and allow people to read.
Adolfs brother worked in the shelbourne. Blindboy Podcast about it, fucking hilarious. Blindboys hot take that Hitler copied the laundry company's logo would be hilarious if some people didn't take it seriously. 
We had numerous posts about it on /r/ireland after the podcast, as if it were established fact.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER Yeah people are strange these days and covid has emphasised this  and getting worse.
I am so fucking proud of my generation. We had the highest youth voter turnout in American history in 2020. We along with many other groups- played a critical role in helping elect Biden- the most accomplished American president in most of our lifetimes. When we vote we win. @USER You need to put down the meth pipe you are Hallucinating. ????‍♂️.
Mr  @USER please there are indications that you have been included as Spokesman in the campaign team for ObiDatti, I need you to confirm this bcos u are my spokesperson. @USER  @USER Is there another list ?
Just in : Dia Mirza has requested Putin to use pollution free missiles to strike on Ukraine. @USER She may ask him to fire harmless bullets also.
0-0 in 6 a side? Ye must be absolutely shite. In fairness the goals are about the size of ice hockey goals and yes.
Holiday and work?? @USER Feels good.
@USER  @USER He went to the school LOOKING first his child, killed others, left and found his wife and child
Murder suicide 
Ex cop with a drug problem. @USER  @USER  @USER With a Known problem.
I was a teen in the nineties and I’m proud to say I’ve never seen this film. I’m totally impressed!
ஆடு இல்லாத தமிழ்நாடு அமைதியா தான் இருக்கு!?

Verified ? @USER Very correct.  Only I miss daily comedy  !!   All times happy is good for health but i miss only Because of Mr Adu Ammamalai, sorry come back soon and make TN happy.
Apropos of nothing, that fireplace hasn't seen many fires. Glow of big Mick warms the heart and the hearth.
@USER It doesn't look like you. @USER ??
the problem with EAs is that they hold some of the largest vegan conferences in the world, but also think that at least some of the time, the market is the solution. 

this gives bad vibes to everyone. @USER If you view eating animals as a negative externality, or animal welfare as a public good (or both), then the free market is not the solution.
@USER Per the 2018 commuter rail counts put out by the T, there were an average of 126 people using the three Weston stations in total per weekday.  You want to build this for 126 people? @USER  @USER we want to build it so more than 126 people are using it.
Attendance &gt;&gt;&gt; Career  ?

Just got into a quarrel with my mom!? @USER me everytime with dad?
Outsider here. Curious what makes all these places shot Holes in your eyes.
I’ve visited Ireland for a total of about six months and  nothing really made me think shit hole. 
When I hear shit hole I think of Detroit and derelict steel town types around the states. Shithole in comparison to other places in Ireland. Why would we compare it to Detroit, a place practically all of us have never visited. It's like saying Carlow isn't a shithole because there's worse places in India or Africa. 
That being said I personally don't think Carlow is a shithole. I lived there for 5 years and my hometown of Arklow is a shithole in comparison.
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER No matter how long it takes falsehood to journey truth will prevail and overpass it. Their messiah has gotten to a free slope that may slide him into political obscurity IRE O.
It's Reduce, Reuse, Recycle.  
They're ordered that way intentionally, with the most preferred option being reduce, and recycle being the least preferable out of these three options.
With that in mind, I am definitely doing my part, instead of recycling my Brita filter, I have opted for reusing the same one side many many moons ago. Oh I agree, we've reduced and we reuse the things we can. And I recognise that a Brita filter is mostly unnecessary, but given that we use one for now I was pleased to see they can be recycled (and ashamed to say we have binned them in the past due to our ignorance). We also use them for longer than it says on the pack.
By saying that in a nice way.
Also what does uncircumcised people have to do it? Over time if they don’t wash under their foreskin shit starts getting weird if you ever hear the term dick cheese that’s where it comes from.
Jawahar lal Nehru, without any doubt. XD.
Ffs.
These posts are utterly deplorable. You have zero right to know anything more than the fact that a case has been identified. You have zero right to know who, where, age, sex, school, place of work, place of residence, nothing, unless the HSE deems it appropriate for you to know, in which case, the HSE or the patient will be in contact with you directly. 
Otherwise, cool your fucking knickers people. Hah, imagine the bedlam if they said it was a Dublin Bus driver.
@USER  @USER Looked like he would go on to be a Premier league fixture. Another one we got unlucky with. @USER  @USER  @USER I don't think it helped that Bobby Gould decided to take a group of professional footballers on an army assault course, such a shame for Lee Hurst.
I use my.gov every three months to do my BAS....I just reset the password and have it sent to my email, then get the passcode sent to my phone...no biggie.    
For all those wondering why I reset the password, I'm not remembering or writing down a password for a fucking website I never use....or even for one I do. The amount of fucking websites requiring an account and/or sign in for the one time you use them either in a year or ever at all.....fuck off. It’s perma shut down now for no fucking reason....i feel like petrol bombing the nearest centre link...im going to uni next fucking week....i need the student support ffs!
Nyaa~! Daddy I can’t fit that it’s to big uwu~. you need help.
TMC is no better than BJP.
They're just another extreme of the political spectrum. No, no, the TMC is in no way comparable to the BJP. Yes, a lot of goons associate with the party to get into positions of power. And TMC allows that happily. But the BJP are genocidal maniacs! There's a huge difference there.
For the record, The US is a disgusting 54%
edit:* of their total discetionary spending budget, sorry didnt realise this was a % of GDP.
It is 17% of their total budget at an eye watering $718 billion. 
But only about 3% of their GDP. That’s wrong.
I maybe next time I should fly out from London Birmingham. Don't take the easy route, go from Glasgow London Airport.
Top of the risk mgt morn. @USER Morning.
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER Throw him in prison too.
जिस दिन अपन 3 Million फॉलोअर हो गए उस दिन 3 लोगों का रोजगार तय

एक आदमी, जरूरी मैसेज पर त्वरित उत्तर देगा, जरूरी एक्शन लेगा, ट्वीट-फोन से विभाग को भेजेगा

दूसरा आदमी, FB की सेवा में

तीसरा आदमी, आम लोगों के ट्वीट स्कैन करेगा, पता लगाएगा कि आज के अहम मुद्दे क्या है जिस पर बात हो. @USER 3 million to Aasan hai bhaiya.
@USER Pagliuca didn't suspect a thing... Ronnie Whelans shin is a poor relation. @USER Agreed. Houghton’s goal is just absolute perfection.
Gotta commit to the lie. 
Youngish (25-30) guy, what I think is his mum and a mate come to door. Main guy p1 is up first. 
After ID checks etc 
B1 “I need to do a quick search if that’s ok before I can get you in here”
P1 “yea of course, go ahead”
B1 direct to the little pocket you get on jeans. And pull out a bag of again cocaine. 
P1 just stares at me blankly and then asks “ok am I ok to go in then?”
B1 “no sorry mate you’re in possession of drugs you’re not coming in here”
P1 “ohh that’s not mine”
B1 “who’s is it”
P1 “I don’t know” 
P2 and P3 look on in astonishment. Obviously unaware this guy does coke.
To spare you from an Inane back and forth that followed this as he was 100% adamant it wasn’t his, he don’t know how it got there. (I did confirm they were indeed his trousers just in case) still staring blankly. B2 and B3 are dying with laughter as it’s beyond silly now but he’s so committed to the lie it’s almost admirable. 
Eventually his mum got his arm and dragged him off up the road. This is my favourite.
Nothing helps a national response better than further defunding the apparatus of state. /s
Up the dole and other welfare payments if you want to do anything reactive. They’re people who will be most impacted by economic issues (including people who may find themselves on it if this turns to a recessions) and by nature of necessity will be spent to circulate in the economy. > Up the dole and other welfare payments if you want to do anything reactive.
Ha, funny joke.
This government will never do that sort of thing, it'll bring forward trillions of dollars in tax cuts to the wealthy before adjusting support payments in a positive direction.
I'm sure the government is aware that giving money to the 'lower class' will put money back into the economy and especially the retail sector but it'll never happen unless something huge happens to reshape internal LNP policies.
I expect to see more 'corporate socialism/welfare' before we get any sort of change that helps the 'little person'.
I'd look at the guy dead serious " I thought you were single! You told me I was special.". I’d go with the “Can you PLEASE, lower the ransom?”.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER If thalaivar attend Guru poojai any impact on Devendra Kula vellar votes? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Krishna Samy group knew the reality. They won't oppose it and at the same time bridging the gap between these communities will be possible.  BJP office bearers will work for that.
Once again, the smart ass in my local Chinese restaurant put 2 forks in with my takeaway. Listen here dickhead, 2 portions doesn't necessarily mean 2 people. @USER The one without prongs is a knife.
@USER What's that, a Fox ? @USER It certainly is, the cheeky thing!
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER I work for Cleveland Clinic Florida and have my Bivalent COVID vaccine scheduled for 2 weeks from now. Just got my flu shot today and want to wait a few weeks. Last time I got them both together (booster + flu) and had elbow bursitis for 3 months in that arm!
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. I'd say that's a sensible thing to do. The system knows it's failed if it didn't get you to the destination on time. But if it did get you in time, then it knows it succeeded on that, and now needs to know where to improve. And that's kinda what usually it asks me - which part did it do best on, and everything else has room for improvement.
Officials are relying on Whatsapp and other private messaging apps for daily information exchange.   Even the sensitive ones.
Given the nature of these apps , sending highly sensitive information is very risky, 
So govt want to design a similar platform for its officials aiming at  security and keeping the data with in india. 
WhatsApp and other messengers store data in their own deta centers which are not often situated in india. 
Givin the techical literacy of many official,  third party apps are  too risky to transfer sensitive information. Well, that argument doesn’t make sense.
Just what is going to stop someone from hacking this service?
Or if it’s a private firm, just hack the private firm?
In contrast WhatsApp and signal are used by billions everyday, are regularly tested for bugs and breaches by a huge number of cyber security experts.
How precisely will this solution actually be safer, or as feature rich as any other product on the market?
And why the heck are we blowing money on this when we have a whole economy up in flames?
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Rocky&amp;Bullwinkle.
@USER No, I rang them about it yesterday, said they'd get someone to check and ring me back, not heard anything yet. @USER Cheers mate. Sounds ominous doesn’t it. I don’t really want to get a refund but I’ll struggle for the revised date.
My all time favourite reality tv moment was from ‘Joe Millionaire’ when a contestant walked off in an extravagant huff, performatively muttering French expletives into her mic, which the subtitles revealed were nonsense because she couldn’t actually speak French. @USER Hahahaha I’d completely forgotten about that. Blast from the very distant past.
First you have to figure out.... how much ground could a groundhog hog if a groundhog could hog ground. 42 grounds thats all.
If he worked for two days while he was sick then he could have infected plenty of people in Bangalore. (Think of the first case in Germany that was spread by a Chinese worker who visited Germany for a few days and how many cases that resulted in) They need to trace them too and not just the passengers on the bus and the hospital staff.
This tree and this wiki tells us the chinese lady resulted in 12 cases(4 spread directly and 8 indirectly) before the cluster was contained through contact tracing, isolation, quarantine and hospitalization. Bengalurians are fucked.
@USER Sending love Noeleen ❤️. @USER ?Sharon x.
In the UK ?? there is no more track and trace, no more masks, mandatory vaccines for jobs, no restrictions. So, no emergency. So why is a "vaccine", that is only licensed for emergency use, still being pushed!? Isn't it illegal to do that? ? @USER I can't believe people are still moaning about vaccines. If u don't want one.. don't get one.. but please.. spare us the complaining.
@USER ? it's all over Europe hence the term European kitchen it's wavers &amp; dryers.
I don't think it's for the same reason I considered doing it on my build. I put it in the design because it cut the cost of plumbing &amp; without a designated laundry, more space. @USER  @USER No way, not in the north, bathroom or utility room is where the washing machines live up here.
@USER Good morning brother. @USER Good morning bro! #LevelUp.
Sorry if awkward, but does anyone else here masturbate to their classmates ? Yeah homie people jerk off watching dead cats, classmates are just normal for them.
Holy shit it’s been so long since I’ve watched this. I used to love it when I was like 10. I love it too! It reminds me of granny babysitting on Saturday nights!
Just come back from a drive with my dad, and I think I almost enjoyed it. Probably a sign I can actually drive, and I ought to sack off my current driving instructor for a more patient one - I'm sick of being shouted at, and it's got to the point where I jump if anyone in the passenger seat moves or raises their voice. Luckily enough, mine's away for two weeks now, so it gives me the opportunity to call around. 
Off for a carvery in a bit with the twin and a friend from school, which I'm looking forward to. Since I started my new job, my commute has tripled, and I don't have as much time with them as I'd like, so it's always nice for a catch-up. Remember, you're paying them! If you don't like the way they do it, get someone else. It's so important to have someone who builds your confidence to drive instead of lowering it.
Today I recorded people’s lips telling stories of loss in response to my recent film. It was heavy but wholesome: we cried, we hugged, we shared &amp; we said the names of those that are no longer with us. It is an utterly humbling privilege to be with people to tell their stories. @USER ❤️.
? back at it again with another #FeatureFriday ?

today we want to know: what feature would you love to see from Twitter Blue?

reply below if there’s something else you want to see ? @USER The badge would be interesting. I’m sticking with #TwitterBlue regardless. ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations ? ??  @USER &amp; others. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
@USER Fab news. Comhghairdeachas. ??? @USER Appreciate it Miriam just glad he absolutely loves Medicine.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER You need to delete this and take another take or two mate...All this just proves you are just as worried as the union, because you are trying too hard to defend!
The summers are becoming unbearable now. I think there were more days over 40 this last summer here in ACT than there were through my entire time in primary school (90s). Anecdotal of course, purely based off my feels and not the readily available data ^^^off ^^^I ^^^go ^^^to ^^^see ^^^if ^^^I'm ^^^right....
EDIT: I'm having a lot of trouble finding whether I'm correct or not. Can anyone point me directly to data for Canberra that will show me days over 40 throughout the 1990s?
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ??????
I was born in 1953 and started public school around 1958. I don’t remember my parents ever calling a teacher or board member complaining about what I was being taught. Ever. @USER There wasn’t the need.
@USER Nice one, a difficult year. @USER Thanks so much David.
@USER nice meeting you and John at brentford    see u again up the mighty arsenal. @USER Likewise ? hopefully see you at Tottenham if we can get there ?‍♀️???
Domestic violence perpetrated by police has been studied in the US for decades and decades. Good evidence to show it happens at a higher rate than the general public, which is absolutely terrifying. 
Very little attention is paid to this in the Australian context; very few people care. The article literally states "Compared to the general population, police officers are 85% less likely to be recorded as a respondent on a domestic violence order."
So your statement of higher rates in the QLD police force is demonstrably false.
@USER Happy Birthday King. @USER Thank u Tai Tai ????
That's because our secularism is still not cultivated as a value among the masses. Indian society continues to be feudal. We have failed in educating the masses in civic and moral education. Because practice of secularism  by the state from the start is flawed , state should be blind to religions, in all laws  at all avenues, there should not be any blank in any form anywhere which should ask for your religion.
@USER  @USER Love it! SO clever and effective ??? @USER  @USER Thanks so much Kali ?
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER @PeterObi, your people are so desperate that they planted people to be forcing bus drivers to buy ticket by force and start recording them.

If you go so low sir, we will go 18 feets with you. 

 @USER  @USER  @USER @kofoshiomogeeko.
What fear mongering? Media has been pretty tame in their reports on the virus. If the coverage of the coronavirus was like an unidentified snake in your backyard, most of the Australian reporting runs like this:
>"Phwooaah! Look at the snake! It's brown. Like an Eastern Brown, one of the deadliest snakes in the world! Look at it! Ooh! It's coming closer! I heard there was one that bit the dog next door yesterday, and it DIED!!! Ooh, it's coming closer to us now! Oh, I've never seen such a vicious snake! Oh, it's moving towards the dog now. Phwooaah!"
Instead of giving more sane and practical advice (like instructions on what to do when you feel I'll, looking out for your elderly relatives and neighbours, having a plan when you get sick, the importance of washing hands/not touching your face, etc).
Maintain eye contact and keep going. “Smile and wave boys”.
Let businessmen use their minds to paint pictures of success in their businesses, and it shall be so. Let the career person imagine himself at the top echelon of his career, and it will be impossible for him to remain at the bottom. 

That’s how to get God committed. @USER Amen and Amen. I believe and receive I'm the Mighty Name of Lord Jesus Christ.
@USER Our older sibling barely got off the sofa to say hello to the returning gaeilgeoir. @USER  @USER Great cake.
@USER Hi Phil, sorry to hear that, unfortunately, this is due to the overhead wires being damaged. - Pete. @USER No worries. It's not your fault at all, and clear announcements, just frustrating.
Who's loving having good government back in Australia? ?‍♀️. @USER My first impression was the absence of the word ‘millions’ and I relaxed into a world of clarity, confidence, trust and knowing I wasn’t being gaslighted by those elected to lead us all.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ? and will get it again. Who the hell cares about a Kevin Sorbo, whatever is was.
Liberal side don't like to talk about this (I'm a liberal too) but it is a fact that Indian muslims have changed a LOT in the last 25 years. Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
I lived in Lucknow when I was young. That was a very liberal muslim city. You'd never even see a burqa in Hazratganj. Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
Among my muslim friends from back then, there is a shift within their families as well. My friends (all 30 year olds) are mostly irreligious. But their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar". Lol same in my state AP too. I've never seen burqa until 3 years ago. Given how hot $ humid it's in AP during summers, I can certainly say women aren't wearing burqa out of choice.
@USER I was a lot older than that!! @USER And there’s still some abbreviations that I am unsure of!
On another sign, he is driving the car... On another sign, he's in a cart being pulled by a horse.
An Ainsley Chariot.
@USER Dopeneess ? @USER Cheers mate! Good to hear from ya ???
@USER You're a good example, Father, but unfortunately people make things a lot more complicated than they need to around here. @USER Thank you for your mutual understanding. God bless you! I appreciate your support! I don’t know why people take my tweet out of context and accused me of being harsh &amp; rigid? I pray for all who read my tweet today for mutual understanding.
Wasn't India the top team in the 40s-60s? > The Indian men's hockey team has climbed a rung to the fourth position, their highest since the inception of the FIH world rankings in 2003, in the recently released chart.
You will need ID and proof of address. If you already have an account, and you can prove that, you should be OK. They are issuing SSCN codes that you can use to identify yourself as an account holder. Thanks, IF.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER People.
So you're saying Geelong got Tanner Bruhn for nothing and Jack Bowes for free? @USER ?Money for nothing and your chicks for free?
@USER I have never seen or heard such hypocrisy before.  They can fly illegal immigrants in the VERY early morning anywhere they want but fly them to a Democratic run sanctuary city and they say horrible things about you.  Duh!  I’m confused with their logic? @USER But I won’t call them names I’ll leave the name calling to Stephen Colbert and the Democrats.  It just reflects on them.  For every action there is an opposite and equal reaction.  It’s a physics law.
@USER Other subject sir g,plij. @USER Everything will be posted.
"As an effort to further the inclusion, lanyards were given out to those who bought tickets, on which there was a special section for writing one’s pronouns. This was a remarkable touch that a lot of people very much appreciated."
No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. >No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. 
Considering it costs you absolutely nothing to write down your (presumably cis, given your response) pronouns, what's your issue? Takes ten seconds and you can forget it's there. I don't see why you'd ever care.
Given the inherent networking nature of these events, you may we well stick down pronouns along with your name. Literally no reason not to, and to be annoyed by that is stupid.
Writing down pronouns may seem stupid to you (again, presuming you're cis) but it can make things so much easier for any trans members of the community in attendance. 
It's not for you.
Goodness me. They look outstanding. Please tell me there is lashinngs of gravy to dunk them in. Thank you!! Indeed there was :).
In an emergency kitchen towel will also suffice. Nah, that stuff clogs up toilets in no time. It's designed to NOT disintegrate when it gets wet. The exact opposite of what bog roll needs to do.
1)Get your dream recall up. This is the hardest part. You have to realize you’re dreaming so to do that you need to find Dream signs, common dream themes for you, etc. 
You can do this by keeping a dream journal. 
Also practice all day awareness. Ask yourself randomly if you’re dreaming throughout the day and perform dream checks. There are lots. The easiest and most discreet are the index finger through the palm (in dreams it goes through) and holding your nose and breathing which allows breathing in dreams. 
2) Practice different techniques. 
DILD-Dream induced. This one is the easiest but less reliable. By this point you should know some Dream signs (electronics malfunction, lights don’t work, words in books are strange, your mirrors reflection) and you just notice you’re dreaming. 
WILD- Probably the most reliable, but many people report Sleep paralysis with it.  It’s a wake induced LD. Essentially you time your sleep cycle just right and try to enter during REM or closer to it. 
There are others too FILD- Finger induced, DEILD- dream exit induced. There’s tons but those are probably the most common. 
3). You’re lucid!  But you’ll probably find the dream world instantly disappears or spins or you wake up (also look up false awakenings, those are fun). To do this you need to learn stabilization. 
So calm down and slowly spin around. This stabilized the dream for most people. Another one is to rub your hands together slowly. 
Think that’s about the basics. Don’t buy anything like masks.  They don’t work. Supplements have different effects for everyone. Melatonin helps me recognize my dreams but just because it makes them so vivid. How do you feel when you are having a lucid dream? I want to experiment it but I'm also scared of it.
I'm always in surprised to find muslims in the BJP at the first place. Despite the kind of venom spread by the parties top leadership. Indian culture, as far as understand from my surroundings has been very 'survival' type, despite at this point of time, you dont need it.
50 years from now, you had to lick your bosses or village leaders shoes to simply survive. And that culture is still there. 
With this culture, most ppl dont think whats morally right or i can say no. The line of thinking is mostly, whose ass do i need to kiss to get most financial gain.
RTE pundits sometimes hard to listen to ? @USER 100% right.
@USER  @USER He just makes me happy ? @USER  @USER Beautiful voice ❤️❤️❤️.
Horses is a fucking garbage song, when did it become a cultural touchstone because I thought it was shithouse back in the 90s too. I wasn't a fan when it came out either.
From  what I've heard, it was so shit the clubs started to use it as a last song of the night. To get people to fuck off home! Of course, everyone's happy and pissed so it became tied in with that feeling and now there's a generation that think it's awesome.
Idiots.
My childhood ass whoopings. Can you write that in more than four words.
The more you see it, the more you realise that the ordinary citizen thirsts for a more inclusive and humane India. This is why the #BharatJodoayatra is gaining more traction by the day. @USER People those who feel bharat is broken, do #BharatJodoYatra ? . Isn't not Shame on #congressitoolkit and #RG . If it would have led by Proposed presidential candidate or current president makes sense. Let thim.first stick to one constituency for the betterment of locals.
@USER You are badly due a wash! @USER True that ?
Do you know what old people often find stressful and upsetting? It’s car parks where you can only pay by using an app or a credit card. Quite a lot of old people don’t carry the latter (yes, really) and they have no idea what an app is. (1/9). @USER  @USER would you be so kind as to unroll this important (and moving) thread? Thank you!
not all sydney man. Hahaha.
Hi if someone bought you Chick-fil-A would you eat it or throw it in the garbage? @USER I’d  eat the fries if I was hungry.
Frankly speaking, I had totally forgotten about the RUSSIA-UKRAINE war .....

#NoToNukes. @USER As lot of happening in India itself Sir ????
Of the top spenders:
Latvia - To deter Russia
Estonia - To deter Russia
Greece - To deter Turkey
Cyprus - The other half of their island is occupied by Turkey
France - Involved in multiple engagements around the world. Takes a lead in European defense. Maintains an expensive modern nuclear deterrent.   
There is an argument for contributing more to defense in the region as a whole that said.
What does Ireland need to deter? >What does Ireland need to deter?
Take a look to the east.
@USER Love this! Gorgeous ?? @USER Thank you ??❤️.
@USER Trump should be in jail! @USER  @USER Naw,hillary,biden,obama and fauchi.
Tell me you ain’t never had it like this…. @USER Never.
@USER Catch me if you can ? @USER The man is talking to archery people this week. So perhaps after ten-twenty years of practice? ?
My thoughts and prayers are tonight with the entire community of Creeslough following today’s devastating explosion.

Thinking too of all the emergency services, from across the north-west and NI working in very traumatic situation. @USER So so tragic and heartbreaking....thoughts and prayers for a heartbroken community❤.
The Clothes Show. Was that I’m after Antiques roadshow? Maybe it was a Sat? Also, Time Team, I  feel like it should’ve been Sun night if it wasn’t. > The Clothes Show. Was that I’m after Antiques roadshow?
IIRC it was on Sundays, but at like 3 or 4 pm?
EDIT: Close. It was 5pm in 1993!
@USER Flannery and the climate cult have 'selective memory and research syndrome'. @USER  @USER They making money sone pay him hope is no us.
It's a type of chemical to disinfect stuff. I don't know what exactly it's called. Not exactly healthy to breathe in though. On the assumption that everything is a chemical, can you elaborate?
@USER Ajeyo Chandigarh panjab university ch gandhi bhawan kol baithe milange uthi ajeo fr chlange jithe jana ? @USER ??jrur jrur.
Funny how for a generation, the people of Ballsbridge would’ve associated the swastika with that truck and every subsequent generation it’s associated with you know, fascism, genocide etc
Edit: shite grammar. Jaysus Mary. That crowd down the laundry are really taking the piss. I hear they annexed Poland. Michaeleen was always a nice lad. What would his poor mother day Lord rest her.
I thought one of them was a disgraced drunk driver, and would never work in TV again. Nah British public love ‘our’ ant and dec too much to care what a disgrace one of them is.
how can they just rule out the possibility that the guy got it from China just because he spent 14 days overseas when there are cases where the incubation period is much longer than that? I asked the same question.
Me ;). Haha... stay the fuck away from me.
Your actions have a way of affecting your character and you need to take this very seriously. Dishonesty should never be associated with you anymore! @USER Amen and Amen. I believe and receive I'm the Mighty Name of Lord Jesus Christ.
We will be lucky if we aren't at 20+ cases by the end of the week. Containment has worked so far, but the current sufferer was out and about for a few days while sick so will need lady luck on our side for numbers to stay down.
Hopfully further spread is limited and / or slow. Speaking of containment - this virus has been circulating in China for about 3 months or so.  China has a population of 1.38 billion.  So far, about 80,000 have contracted the virus and just under 3,000 have died.  For a country with such a massive population and lots of very densely populated cities, I'd say that's pretty good containment so far.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER Miles out.
Retype EVERY PARTY.
my party would b called OHPIG.
only honest party in GOV.
>“Harm was part of it and also so was the apology that was made as was the significant level of resources and operational priorities,” he said.
>Keneally asks whether the AFP interviewed Moore.
>“My information was that there was no interview,” Kershaw says.
>Keneally: “How do you make a determination of harm and a decision not to continue to an investigation without speaking to the victim?”
That is some amazing police work, Clover Moore was not even interviewed. Also if you apologise, you won't be investigated now? You can get away with anything if you're a Liberal politician.
Start your day off right, with the stimulating news that Alex Jones is no longer allowed to run his InfoWars company, per a federal bankruptcy judge.

ENJOY! @USER That just made my day.
मनपसंद शक्स की कमी कोई नहीं पूरी कर सकता
दुनिया की कोई ऐसी ताक़त नहीं है.. जो कर सके।
#pransprady #pradumnupadhyay #kb3. @USER मेरे कहने का अर्थ है की सोच ही एक ऐसा माध्यम है जिसके जरिये आपकी ये कमी पूरी हों सकती है.
URL 
Just need to time it properly! Just be careful not to wank the whole business away.
Still think these ought to be nuclear powered. I did, but then someone explained they need constant restocking with supplies whether nuclear or not so it doesn't make all that much difference anyway.
@USER ???⚡️Tough Gig for the Aussies! Great turn up Kiwis ⚡️? @USER Love to see it!
An unmitigated disaster - but the left wont care, they are so blinded by irrational hatred they cant see the massive gain every group of citizens has made in the last 3 years.
I genuinely feel sorry for that level of delusion. What makes you say that it will be an unmitigated disaster?
28F is old? What the fuck is wrong with the society today?
Tinder is for fuck boys like us. Would be hard to get what you’re looking for but it’s not impossible.
Aisle is paid and so the crowd is more serious. Yup planning to try Aisle!
@USER I would only add Buffalo Mozzarella and / or Burrata. (Who am I kidding, I mean both). Tomatoes… grilled peaches… the stuff of dreams. @USER Fresh mint, proper peppers and melons, the list is long ?
The Vogon ships hung in the sky in exactly the same way that bricks don't. This is still probably one of my favourite lines.
In the world of #golf

1. LIV enthusiasts claim  @USER is second coming of Christ, the best thing since sliced bread -  IT IS NOT

2.  @USER loyalists claim LIV is a clown show &amp; unwatchable - SO NOT TRUE

3. Golf journalism is dead

4. Strangely, neutral is not an option. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes imagine if you watched both 
Or watched one but did not mind about the other 
Or watched neither but did not mind either.
Fire on SR 512 EB at MP 5 near Vickery Ave E beginning at 12:18 am on Sept. 21, 2022 until further notice. The left lane is blocked. Cleared: Fire on SR 512 EB at MP 5 near Vickery Ave E.
>God's blue-eyed boys and girls.
WHOA... That might trigger some atheists. ...and all non-blue eyed people too.
Just curious. Does anyone ever use the back left burner? @USER Lol, yes. Not often. But yes.
@USER gorgeous. @USER Thank you ??
While Prince Harry fights the tabloids that destroyed his mother and abused his wife, his brother Prince William works with the same tabloids to fight his SIL and offers his children pictures to keep the same tabloids happy… The Windsor Princes. @USER Harry seems to be constantly unhappy. I don’t understand why he’s not living his best life with all that privilege.
Thankful for a few days w the family, now let’s get back to racing! Headed to  @USER this AM. CHS - ATL - LVS ✈️. @USER  @USER Safe travels! I'll see you again soon at Homestead! ?
Listen to the advice of older people. Not because they're right, but because they have the most experience being wrong. @USER Not all the old people are wise. Some are really dumb af.
Is TikTok destroying civilization? Some people think so. @USER It is more dangerous than people think!
@USER Not a fan, giving questions out before hand enables the candidate to obtain help from others. I’m in favour of giving the questions to the candidate while in the interview rather than asking the questions. @USER  @USER Nothing wrong with asking for input from a support network. I worry about those who don’t ask for support when needed. 
Understand worries about preparing false narratives, however if it isn’t built on foundation of truth should be able to spot with gentle probing.
I think it's a serious threat to our society. But I've known quite a few still think it's just a flu. Same. It makes me quite angry that many outlets, including the BBC, previously compared it to seasonal flu, when know that the case fatality rate is much higher. As a result, I’m having a hard time convincing my 75 year old father, who has heart issues, to take it seriously...
Legos and marbles on the ground everywhere. Fingers crossed he’s a barefoot killer. Depending on the shoe the LEGO blocks will still penetrate through.
Every species in this world has a purpose and that purpose leads to balancing the environment, nurturing it for other species, making it a safer place...
Every species. Take ants. If ants were suddenly gone, a lot of rotting animals will stay there for longer, providing launchpads to infections. Vultures - same story. Even the fucking tiny bees are necessary. They pollinate.
Every species is useful for environment, and is needed for keeping the world livable.
Every species, except humans.
Think about it. But dont all species die out and new ones take their place eventually.?
Sometimes I think the purpose of humans is to accelerate the already occurring thing in nature .
But having said that , I agree we should tone it down a bit and do our part as individuals.
@USER I've read the Bible, thank you.

Who gave Muhammed permission to do all the things he did?

Raping women is part of Islam, it's not what the Lord God commands or has ever commanded.

But he will judge, sometimes in this life &amp; definitely in the next. Don't you fear God? @USER He noting compared to The Bible, you won't find a single verse of the Quran they orders genocide , rape only in the Bible and who gave these prophet's they permission? If you say God, then it was Jesus who you believe is God.
@USER Labour is finished thanks too Keith and his mates ??????? @USER Who’s Keith?
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER Consider me gone….
@USER Happy Birthday!! @USER Appreciate it!!!
कुछ मोहब्बत है इसलिए भी अधूरी रह जाती हैं

ताकि उनके परिवार खुश रह सके...? @USER उफफफफफ
ये मजबूरियाँ ।.
i like this lady. she had no right under 'ancient law.' fucking fantastic. low level drug crimes means pot right? Yeah I read a story about her growing weed for her own use aswell.
They're like that Pewdiepie fella for me. Nothing against them, don't dislike them, but they're not at all funny and I cannot comprehend how they are popular as they are. I don't find him funny either. I watched a video of his to try and understand the appeal and I almost fell asleep.
After 9 years of failing to deliver training and skills Suusssaaan Ley’s answer is to throw the elderly into a building site. I could just imagine an 80 something woman building a house? We are really witnessing the leftovers- Bubble and Squeak? @USER  @USER The SUSS bitch has never had a portfolio that she has not hated. Does she honestly have a positive bone in her body? Or is she just another Murdocrazy/LNP stooge whose life's ambition is to take the heat off the puppet masters?
Have sex with all the girls, lesbians know their way around better anyway. MOOD, being Gay or Bi would ultimately destroy the premise of this.
Sikhs Never remain Behind in helping ,be it Kashmiris or Muslims.
Kashmiri People outside Kashmir consider themselves safe if they are in PUNJAB.. Who told you.. Punjabis are Muslim haters too. Their religious gurus were tortured by Mughal emperor. Punjab suffered a lot during partition. They are also good at advertising themselves. He must be a good old noble man but every Sikh is not like that.
When #Trump stood in blazing heat and humidity for two hours handing out diplomas and speaking and took assistance to walk down an incline

The media said he wasn't fit

#JoeBiden falls down standing with a bike Media says he's a fit man

See the stupid? #JerseyDeservesBetter. @USER Hahaha, trump needed two hands to lift a glass ???? If trump got on a bike, the bike would collapse ?
@USER I'm quite excited for that West Lancashire by-election if Truss really does go all in on fracking. We may see a negative score in an election for the first time ever. @USER  @USER The Nimby paradox. Housing no. Energy no. Airports no. Anything no?
If stupidity doesn't get them first. wouldn't really say being prepared for a possible supply chain disruption is stupid... it not like toilet paper expires.
What do you do for stress relief ? @USER  @USER 21 deep breaths in and out.
@USER Convince a patient with “weakness” not to get intravenous fluids with pink or yellow extra energy supplement injection ?‍??‍? @USER  @USER Convincing  elderly patients to go for oral analgesics rather than injectables at rural health centers.
It looks like you just need the Student leap card itself - and not buy Leap card credit.  
I would appeal the fine after getting a Student Leap card. You seem to be doing everything and just some bureaucracy BS caught you out. That Luas / bus didn't lose out on any money at all since you paid for everything, just not this one specific card that they needed. This sounds like the best option,  I just really don't want to get a leap card. I graduate in may, and due to injuries I can't work atm or cycle to college. I'm on a pretty tight budget, and will likely have to pay this €45, making the budget tighter. €10 for a leap card is just a lot of money for me right now when it seems so pointless. I think I may have to just suck it up.
Ok genuine question here: if your lane is empty and you just carry on  maintaining your speed and go past them, is that still classed as undertaking? No it's not. 
You are keeping up with the flow of traffic in your lane. If some moron is hogging the second or 3rd lane and travelling slowly you cannot be expected to weave between lanes to get in front of them. They're the ones breaking the law. 
I wonder what would OP do if the lane hogger was in the rightmost lane?
For the privileged, acknowledging that things are hard and speaking up about it is easy. This can be an example of how they cultivate hope.

However, the same cannot be said of those at the margins of society who may simply pacify their adversity and oppression.

(read on) 2/4. For those at the margins of society, cultivating hope can be done through pathways (e.g., religion, family) that sustain hope. They cannot speak up like the other group because they don’t have a voice. Even when they do it may not matter! 

(One more tweet) 3/4.
I used to have plantar fasciitis - constant near-crippling pain in my feet. My podiatrist said to never go barefoot while standing other than in the shower. He specifically said to wear Crocs in the house. 
The pain went away pretty quickly and hasn't come back. So Crocs in the house it is. Same. But it’s super foamy pool slides I wear. It’s like having an anti- fatigue matt under my feet at all times but with arch support.
Tulsis take on American foreign policy is refreshing. But yes the bottom line is that she is indeed a Sanghi. She was asked about the post-godhra riots and her answer was telling. Tulsi's foreign policy is all over the place
 URL.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congrats and well done ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you flower shed.
@USER The house jocks would have loved it. @USER  @USER Racist! ????
On Friday nights the ABC used to replace 7 30 Report with state-based programs. Far and away the finest was NSW’s brilliantly produced and presented by Quentin Dempster- sacked by Mark Scott ‘because of budget costs’. A tragedy for the ABC and local politics. Bring back Quentin! @USER I used to enjoy the same in Qld!
Right behind you. *looks behind.
Comment down your favourite SENA century of  @USER ? @USER  @USER 123 at perth.
My mom has been beating the ‘you make less money in Germany so you need to move back and earn more’ drum since I landed. She just asked my rent and I think she will stop pestering me now that she heard how much bang for my buck I’m getting. @USER My mom sends me job advertisements from where I grew up as well. Might be less about earning more or less, but about desire to have the kids all closer. Might be the same with your mom.
Can we just stop with this now? I suspect it’s coming to an end....
The ABC stopped being “Our ABC” when they stopped doing original production in the regions.  It’s just a Sydney thing now. Population of NSW: 7.544 million
Population of Sydney: 5.23 million
Percentage of NSW residents who live in Sydney: 69.33%
Where would you do production on an ever diminishing budget to service the most people possible?
Thankful for a few days w the family, now let’s get back to racing! Headed to  @USER this AM. CHS - ATL - LVS ✈️. @USER  @USER Safe travels! I'll see you again soon at Homestead! ?
be prepared to be called a Hindu Apologist, a leftish libtard and a weak, beta fiberal. Hahaha, I've been called all three in this thread itself. It's absurd, I thought denouncing those who rape, murder and pillage would unite people rather than have them insult me.
I don't know why Honohan has decided to keep the name of the school or the fact it is a child secret. No one is asking for the name of the actual child, just the school. Then he fucks up and let's the fact it's a child slip to journalists himself? The hse can't keep these secrets not only because it's impossible since we'll find out anyway but also and more importantly we have a right to know more details about threats to our families so we can make our own decisons..
For example, I needed to know what school this was last night because if it had been near me I wouldn't have sent my kid  to pre-school today as a precaution. That's my choice given my own families circumstances. But I need accurate info in order to make that choice. And this choice to protect an entire school's "privacy" forced me to find out the name of the school through Reddit last night, not the people who are in charge of managing the crisis. Despite them having it. Exactly. All they are doing is allowing rumours to intensify and distrust in the goverment and health service to grow. How did they think the schools name would not get out? 400 pupils, 800 parents telling there work, neighbours and family. It was all over the internet within 10 mins.
No one was asking for the students/teachers name. But have a right to know what community the virus is circulating in.
If Charles dies before the coronation, does that mean the monarchy is abolished? @USER They’ll do like they did in 1937 and use the planned coronation for Bill….
Is it true there's more panic buying in Chinese neighbourhoods? Yes. 
Chinese restaurant are going broke. No one visiting them.
My son came home from a party(obviously drunk) he had to throw up and he said he was ill from the food. your son is brilliant.
Tipu Sultan was not just a brave fighter who fought British but he was a Muslim too ? @USER Who gave secret of Tippu's movement to British force in Srirangpatana during 4th Mysore war???
>I am going to butcher our National Anthem.
I'd say you've no need to worry about fitting in. Sinne Fianna Fáil... (minute of mumbling)... SEO LIBH CANAIG AMHRÁN NA BHFIANN!!!
>"What's not to like? Custard, good. Jam, good. Beef, GOOD!". >It tastes like feet!
Lmao nooooo I'm not going to short stay, did y'all forget I'm here out of pocket? @USER You've migrated permanently now right?
I'd be walking around South Park being called 'Sir Douchebag'.
So, about the same, with more snow. Stick of truth or fractured?
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER सही कहा आपने, भारतीय न्याय प्रणाली की कमजोरी के चलते उन्हें अभी तक न्याय नहीं मिल सका।।
देर से मिला न्याय भी अन्याय होता है।
9 वर्षो में एक बार भी जमानत या पेरोल तक नहीं मिली।।
अन्याय की पराकाष्ठा है।।.
@USER  @USER ??? @USER  @USER Thank you my guy ??
@USER Thought you’d enjoy this @phil_couser. @USER  @USER  @USER Has Kwarteng pinched your nickname?
@USER What's on the tab with Pornhub? @USER  @USER ?
@USER Sighs it’s so tragic how she died. She fell off her bike and then got hit. I feel terribly for her family and everyone who witness this. Truckers don’t listen. He should have been driving down Caton Ave. @USER That is the truck drivers story, lots of reasons to be skeptical of it.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You should just bring a sleeping bag and camp there! ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I’m waiting for life membership!
@USER But have you tried magnesium though? ? @USER (Joke - it doesn’t work either).
What fear mongering? Media has been pretty tame in their reports on the virus. If the coverage of the coronavirus was like an unidentified snake in your backyard, most of the Australian reporting runs like this:
>"Phwooaah! Look at the snake! It's brown. Like an Eastern Brown, one of the deadliest snakes in the world! Look at it! Ooh! It's coming closer! I heard there was one that bit the dog next door yesterday, and it DIED!!! Ooh, it's coming closer to us now! Oh, I've never seen such a vicious snake! Oh, it's moving towards the dog now. Phwooaah!"
Instead of giving more sane and practical advice (like instructions on what to do when you feel I'll, looking out for your elderly relatives and neighbours, having a plan when you get sick, the importance of washing hands/not touching your face, etc).
Throw dildos until you can reach the whips. There’s dildos in the kids section?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Many Many Congratulations... @aartimahajan_20. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
Nationwide and open wide. Operation Transformation and menstruation masturbation.
Has it been any good this series I gave up when capaldi kept wearing sunglasses. It's been better  than it has for a while in my opinion.
I've been told from people I know that the supermarket shelves in Sydney are empty of many essentials. Is it true? Not the supermarket i go to.
They lactate bro, that's all. Just make them more animalistic like nipples.
Police confirmed that all these are rumors.
I am right now in Rajouri Garden market.  ALL PEACEFUL.   Yes, there is panic. All shop owners have shut shops and gone home as a precautionary measure. Police deployment has been done.  All metro stations are functional and running smoothly. No damage or disturbance reported 
 URL 
 URL. Rajouri Garden is more than 10km away from where I live. Why play with peopl's safety with these?
Did no-one tell the Laois folk there was supposed to be more than just the name? Whoever did Cork's one is letting down the team too. I mean, come on, we're the biggest county! They had the most stone to work with! The potential was there!
Is it because I'm not British (though I've lived in the UK since arriving from Ireland as a young child) that I can't relate to this mass 'grief' around the death of the Queen? @USER Nah, it's very silly. Mixture of Disney and Eton.
Fuck-a-duck! You’re down the road from me! I hope you enjoyed the night as much as I did.
@USER I have no idea how that game goes but I am one hundred percent positive Tennessee can’t score 50 on LSUs defense. I’d be happy to bet money on this if there are any takers. @USER  @USER Matt House is a great DC. Hated when he left UK but Brad White is damn good too.
जबसे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की हत्या हुई है तबसे अब तक 35 बॉलीवुड फिल्मे फ्लॉप हो चुकी है,,

कुछ साल और बहिस्कार और सारी गंदगी साफ़ हो जाएगी बॉलीवुड की !! @USER Yes mam I agree with you ❤️.
@USER He'll be boldly staying put from now on. @USER  @USER Mission: to mopily go where no man has moped before.
Know what, I’m long overdue a trip to the lakes... especially with some helpless sheep. There is a guy - parks under my window every Sunday night at 8pm -- his sheep is in the back of his van could just hear this BAAAAAA,, BAAAAAH - til I worked it out. every bloody week like clockwork. Cumbria is funny. And he was getting a lamb kebab from the takeaway opposite. and took his pet sheep.
I don't know about you but I voted to make America great again, not for nuclear armageddon. @USER Same thing.
@USER And please be careful bro. @USER I’m gonna try, i be hongry though?
@USER Gm ??? @USER GM GM ??
Sandycove, 16c and overcast, a bunch of lads walking towards the dart station. One of which wearing a northface bubble jacket over a hoodie, one topless ??? @USER Did our beach clean this morn, decided not to go in shorts as we were doing the dunes. Man was I glad, I would've been glad of yer man's jacket!!
@USER In my ignorance, I'd say that's half of it. Half of female infidelity is looking for the next partner, and half is looking to supplement the current partner with something that's missing.

Not every affair is a potential mate. Some are just passionate flings. @USER I think that's much more the case for men.
What's the container you've got it in? Nice find, btw. It's my head torch but it looks awesome with the lighting.
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. As if he would think that far ahead.
I am just going to fap as many times as I can and then go to sleeeeeep. 41 is the limit, always remember that.
@USER Wow!  Just Wow! ??? @USER ❤️??

Thanks as always xx.
Code with music or without? @USER With if you're not aware that what you have to do...and how will you do...or without if you're an expert... listen and code... actually this should be a goal for many beginners. "Music, Hustle &amp; Code".
Hello to all Rogue fans who have just met KOI and are not speaking spanish. My English is fucking shit, I'm improving it. 

Just to say that you are welcome, this is going to be fucking awesome. Vamos KOI. @USER Welcome to the #LEC!
@USER Tey winning against a real baseball club. K thanks maybe like Astros? Oh wait.. lol. @USER  @USER Redsox fan,Your team is in last place and the Yankees are in first. GFYS !
Is amazon reading whatsapp messages or Google keep notes?
I'm getting ads (in Boost) of the couple of things that were on the list to buy for household saamaan.. The list had five things.
Or it's just a coincidence they have lightening deals going on. Cookies. Every companies is sharing your data.
Update on #TheLittleRedDot. Now off the coast of North Mayo,the Atlantic hasn’t been kind to them BUT they are still in the race, yesterday’s sun helped dry their v wet gear.
Hoping to make it back by Thursday..thanks everyone for the uplifting support! #MammysVoyageBeginsAgain. @USER You must be very proud of your brilliant daughter.  Only 2 days to go.
Got wasted Friday, still feeling rough today.
Did by a new bed though Sunday. Super King... now panicking the headboard won't make it up the stairs into the loft conversion. There's plenty of headroom for it to go 'straight up' as long as it pivots around the first point... wondering if I should go back to the shop but all I could maybe do is cancel within the first 24 hours.
Going to be a long day! PIVOT!
@USER Que Dios bendiga su alma,Oscar, al final todos nos vamos, lo importante es que su vida tuviera significado y tuviera una vida VIVIDA, solo tengo que mirar tus ojos en tu foto para saber que tipo de hombre eres, tu padre tuvo un buen hijo. solo hay luz donde ellos van. @USER Gracias macho.
A Cause Des Garcons by Yelle it's a French Dance/Electro pop song i randomly found
The name translates to Because of the boys. not that bad.
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? Really? Who knew one day when all the world's knowledge will be at our finger tips, we will rather become a bigger douche bag. 
Great inference. Appalled by your education and logic of first comment and then review/research?
For all the shit people like to talk about "totalitarian communist China" all the time, the above reads an awful lot like in a crisis it's generally better to be governed by China than anybody else.
Take hospital beds alone:
> China has hospital beds to treat 0.4% of the population at the same time - other developed countries have between 0.1% and 1.3%
China actually has beds for more than 0.4%: 4.34 beds per 1000 people, i.e. 0.434%.
Ireland? Less than 0.3%: 2.96 beds per 1000 people, i.e. 0.296%.  
Not only do they have THREE orders of magnitude more people, but they also have 47% percent MORE hospital beds for all of those people.
People downvoted me when I first said this, but I'll say it again:
> Protip: Don't run your health service [to] the absolute limit, to the point where a non-emergency already becomes a national emergency, because once an international health emergency then hits...
Is it too early to say I told you so? China also attempted to silence the doctor and refused to recognise the virus. The doctor died as a result.
Done many interviews &amp; written several columns on  @USER and her disastrous economic policies so far I have said they are in ‘total disarray’ but seems inadequate as pronouncements get worse daily I have never in my fifty years of doing economics seen anything as bad as this. @USER  @USER  @USER It’s terrifying!!!
He's been the fucking the country for a while now and I certainly don't consider it consensual! To be fair - we voted him I'm knowing how much he'd fuck us.  I feel he'd have a pretty good argument there was consent.
1)Get your dream recall up. This is the hardest part. You have to realize you’re dreaming so to do that you need to find Dream signs, common dream themes for you, etc. 
You can do this by keeping a dream journal. 
Also practice all day awareness. Ask yourself randomly if you’re dreaming throughout the day and perform dream checks. There are lots. The easiest and most discreet are the index finger through the palm (in dreams it goes through) and holding your nose and breathing which allows breathing in dreams. 
2) Practice different techniques. 
DILD-Dream induced. This one is the easiest but less reliable. By this point you should know some Dream signs (electronics malfunction, lights don’t work, words in books are strange, your mirrors reflection) and you just notice you’re dreaming. 
WILD- Probably the most reliable, but many people report Sleep paralysis with it.  It’s a wake induced LD. Essentially you time your sleep cycle just right and try to enter during REM or closer to it. 
There are others too FILD- Finger induced, DEILD- dream exit induced. There’s tons but those are probably the most common. 
3). You’re lucid!  But you’ll probably find the dream world instantly disappears or spins or you wake up (also look up false awakenings, those are fun). To do this you need to learn stabilization. 
So calm down and slowly spin around. This stabilized the dream for most people. Another one is to rub your hands together slowly. 
Think that’s about the basics. Don’t buy anything like masks.  They don’t work. Supplements have different effects for everyone. Melatonin helps me recognize my dreams but just because it makes them so vivid. How do you feel when you are having a lucid dream? I want to experiment it but I'm also scared of it.
I swear this dude has the most punchable face. Have you seen Arnab?
in your defence they’ve also highlighted a bunch of islands that are not great britain. just a bit of a mess of a graphics job. At least they didn't include the Isle of Man.
@USER I see nothing but love in this photo. @USER ?
@USER  @USER  @USER Beautiful! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Ms O.
@USER awesome!!!!!! @USER Thank youuuuu!
@USER Good morning. @USER Happy Sunday Michael, I hope you're taking it easy ??
So, i woke up just before 6am in this house my friend is renting.... We arrived last night after dark with a car absolutely stuffed to the roof with every wordly possession &amp; 12bt of wine #WinemakerThugLife. Unsurprisingly, we were both exhausted (having driven over from Meopham during bloody rush hour on the M26/M25/M4/M3 (so yes, the absolute pinnacle of driving good sense and calm behaviour).
Yes. I see you are in SA. It's because of the good rain we had a month or so ago coupled with what i imagine is a good amount of corpses in the hills from the fires. But mostly the rain. No real rain here, as I said in another comment a few insubstantial attempts this year is all.
SA is a reasonable sized state so the weather isn't uniform across it's entirety.
Don't get Chick-Fil-A often since it's a ways away from where I live and work, but I had a guy Thursday night steal my chicken sandwich as I was walking back to the bus stop.  I would have hit him if I could have caught him. Don't mess with my chicken.  As Joey on Friends said, "Joey doesn't share food."  I don't share chicken.
I didn't know they got an actor to play Ted's height... that's impressive. Maybe I missed my calling as a height actor? Daniel Day Lewis really can do everything can't he.
As for Suzanna Reid, well here and waiting ? Oh gosh I absolutely love susanna, I genuinely admire her for her patience with piers sometimes, honestly she must have the patience of a Saint to be on gmb. I'd aspire to be her one day, genuinely.
First day of pax is over. Ive met up with so many amazing friends. Had the most amazing night out with them. Cannot wait for day 2 and alot more fun! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️.
The fact my anxiety manifests as irritability, resulting in me sometimes being a dick to people I care about. hey someone else commented about anxiety!
They aren't bright enough to get into IIts/IIMs !
So they go abroad where anyone with money can buy a seat. Maybe they aren't bright enought to get into IITs and IIMs, but surely they will get much better education there.
@USER  @USER It was powerful Urlo. Made me cry. @USER  @USER Yep very much from the heart.
Reminder Brexit really wasn’t about a US trade deal, it wasn’t really about an economic doctrine. It was really about believing your nation state is where the highest form of govt should lie. It was basically about democracy. @USER So we're left living in a country that thinks we have democracy under this Government.  Sinking in league tables, no real trade deals, the pound sinking, rates up - high inflation  - freedom of movement lost - I see nothing good!  A  dictatorial country for the rich. Wake up!
When your kids friend comes over for a sleepover and brings you a gift… and it’s a “f*ck the patriarchy” necklace she’s made. The kids are alright #feminism #patriarchy. @USER They clearly know your aesthetic ?
I like that people always are worried that Epstein was murdered instead of suicide. What if this was a ploy to cover up that he just escaped or paid his way out of prison? THIS!
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER हां जी आज देश में यही चल रहा है संत महात्माओं को जेल में बंद कर रहे हैं और बॉलीवुड अभिनेताओं को बेल मिल रही है कानून पक्षपाती हो गया है कानून अपना काम नहीं कर रहा है.
@USER  @USER  @USER Sold out ? @USER  @USER  @USER Don’t make the journey especially but IF you are in Dalkey often you can take a chance there may are tickets on the door as inevitably some  no shows .
@USER Good morning, Be Real. Regarding subtitles on Girls5Eva. We don't expect to have subtitle support anytime soon but we do hope to support all Peacock content in the future. Have a nice day. ^GS. @USER Thanks. That's really disappointing. I'm pretty astonished #subtitles (at least in the broadcast language) aren't standard for all TV in 2022.

Is  @USER not providing them or are your respective technologies not compatible?

#accessibility #deafawareness.
My all time favourite reality tv moment was from ‘Joe Millionaire’ when a contestant walked off in an extravagant huff, performatively muttering French expletives into her mic, which the subtitles revealed were nonsense because she couldn’t actually speak French. @USER Hahahaha I’d completely forgotten about that. Blast from the very distant past.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ??????
Secure? Yeah. Their standards are so low that even social media sites would have disagreed to accept that terms and they can't ask the young people to give up social media just like that, they would shove that RSS flag right up their Asshole. They are shifting you to some other platform. That's why that bitch is bragging about giving up social media on Twitter. The fake call scam in Delhi day before yesterday was part of the plan as well, to get an excuse that fake news is doing damage and all that crap. See that interview about that incident on NDTV where they are coming with some more bullshit law for social media explained by some BJP guy himself. Since you can write this long comment, I am going to assume that you can read as long article as well.
GIMS is not for common citizens. It is for officers and the government. It has been in planning for more than a year now.
@USER  @USER  @USER Great shots of the owls Mark?? @USER  @USER  @USER Cheers ??
As an avid Brit, and a manager of a restaurant, this part is never as straight forward as it should be. Some people want to sit for ever and actually have to be told that other people need to be sat on that table, others are desperate to leave as soon as they have put their cutlery down, and no one knows how to say what they’re after. That said if your table’s been cleared, and you’ve not ordered/been offered anything else, then someone should’ve dealt with payment. > others are desperate to leave as soon as they have put their cutlery down
I'm one of those most of the time, other than with one specific set of friends who like to do the post-prandial chat thing (they're both from mainland Europe tho, so maybe that's why). I try to be polite about it however it turns out though - if I'm waiting for the bill (or the card machine to pay the bill) I try to be as obvious as possible - to the point of putting on my jacket and playing with my debit card.
@USER Oh damn, that looks well mint and factory quality. Love the shading. Well done man! @USER Thanks man. Going to tackle some Orks next ?
You don't have to hate someone to break up with them.  Be firm and honest.  This relationship isn't working for you and the two of you are not as good together as you had hoped.  They may think you are being a dick, or they may realize you are right, or they may have been thinking the same thing. you can't control their reaction, just your actions. Good answer thanks!
Well, the courts shouldn't be asked to do the duty of the executive. Courts can, and have, interfered when the executive does not do its duty. 
The SC has always been super strong and activist when it was the UPA in power. As it should be.
Bobde has other plans I guess.
Just make sure you cover your mouth... I do I make sure to always wash my hands aswell.
I'm American. I would definitely go running out there and confront him one morning. Sometimes it makes it worse but sometimes it ends it. It makes you look kind of crazy but that can work to your advantage. I'm in one of those places where I might end up with a brick through my window, you know, England.
@USER I had my name shown on the aircon control panel which I didn't know and I told the client to change 
temperature ?now after I checked in, make sure no name shown on anything including luggage name tag before I start to see clients. @USER  @USER That's rude.Surely an invasion of privacy??
pigeons are surveillance drone placed by the government. I’ve never seen a baby pigeon. They just spawn out of nowhere. How often do you see any kind of baby bird?
What you mean? All the shits and worms from my Ganga snan is not enough to protect me?!  O_o. Some parts of ganga are more raw sewage than river water, nothing is gonna get purified.
@USER Beautiful Maureen.Through the dark and sadness must come the light and beauty this is how we heal.? @USER There’s a crack in everything… it’s how the light gets in(Leonard Cohen).
Wow! Maureen Lipman on lbc states “the Queen’s death has United the country including the Corbynistas and people live in the real world”
What a classless comment. @USER Utter fantasy.
When the rental contract ends, it means it is the end of the contract. That’s enough reason.
Also, Susan is clearly an idiot: “Susan Furner paid to paint her rental unit”. Or rather “Susan Furner paid to paint her rental unit without securing an extended lease to offset her costs”.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ?
Yes. Inherited  property has to be equally divided. person who inherited is alive and he's selling it . He mentioned it's not ancentral property. I'm not sure descendant can object .
People say this every year. We've only been saying it since 2016. Remember when 2016 started with a load of celebrities dying? Then Brexit, then Trump. The celebrity deaths culminated with George Michael and Carrie Fisher in December. Seriously go look at all the amazing musicians and actors that died in 2016. Ever since then the world has gone fucking mental.
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER Should have happened years ago.
@USER Ok I will buy for u eventually. @USER  @USER i bought a black crewneck like a few days ago W.
@USER Be safe, nice song choice. @USER Thank you?
Guy is my longtime fb friend. Very measured and rational person. Goes to show what happens to you if you criticize the PM or his riotous followers if you don't have any political backing and you live in BJP ruled state. At his point your best bet is to lay low and work and when the opportunity arrives emigrate.
They could be everywhere, but the vast majority aren't pest species that interact with humans; most that do live here (if any) are probably all hiding out in the woods and gorse and all and staying the fuck away from people. 
I think for pest species it's the German cockroaches that you'd find here the most, but they aren't native; usually they get brought over in shipments or in people's luggage and then go on to infest the surrounding buildings. Even the pest ones are very skittish and good at hiding, so your building could easily be full of 'em without you noticing for a long time, and if you see one, he almost certainly has a few thousand close relatives nearby out of sight. 
If you really want to see cockroaches for some strange reason, just head to the southeast US and you'll see some shit all right. I once spotted one in the kitchen in the house I grew up in down in Florida because I was in the sitting room watching TV and I heard it walking around. I dropped a cereal bowl on top of it and went to go grab something to capture it with, and when I got back the entire fucking bowl was trundling across the kitchen floor; that thing gave no fucks. 
Oh, and did I mention some of the bigger ones (yes, there were bigger ones) fly? Back in Georgia I had a nest of 'em take up residence on my roof once, and every now and again one would get lost up there and fall down the chimney or the bathroom vent. Nothing like sitting on the toilet doing your business and hearing this *thud* *thud* *thud* *thud* *thud* sound descending the vent pipe, and then *schlorp*, out pops an enormous and mildly concussed cockroach which then proceeds to freak the fuck out and go whizzing around the room randomly bouncing off of everything, including your face. 
So yeah, tl;dr: don't look the gift of your lack of cockroaches in the mandibles. That is hilarious and horrifying.  Thank you for the travel warning.
Adam We!
(I'm happy that's the second time I got to post this today). Nobody messes with Adam We.
@USER Housing all the uncontrolled clinical risk in one place harms patients and clinicians. @USER It’s very convenient for everyone else though.
कुछ मोहब्बत है इसलिए भी अधूरी रह जाती हैं

ताकि उनके परिवार खुश रह सके...? @USER Hamri trah ??
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nice one Eddie. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ah thanks Mary, was a lovely evening &amp; great to see the Igbo community take the lead in organising the event to celebrate the diversity &amp; cultures living in Waterford.
I maybe next time I should fly out from London Birmingham. Don't take the easy route, go from Glasgow London Airport.
@USER VERY glad they aren't mine!!! ? @USER  @USER Been Killing time.
Times Cow it is. Cow? Cow be kya bigada hai tera?
@USER @NualaNiC's jacket is extremely good. @USER  @USER Thanks a mill Rachel x.
Apparently I went to the only school in the country that never served these. However:
> Turkey Twizzlers contained just 34% turkey; bulked up with water, pork fat, rusk, and coating, and loaded with additives, sweeteners, and flavourings. They were found to be made up of 21.2% fat when cooked
Mmmm, I'll give em a miss. That's all food/edible. I don't see the problem, honestly, other than overeating them would certainly be unhealthy. 
I don't get what's off-putting about mechanically separated meat, it's no different from boiling a carcass to make stock but people seem to think that the latter is wholesome and the former is disgusting. And plenty of people enjoy chicken skin and bacon fat and the rind on steak. Eating the bits that aren't meat is normal. (As an aside I don't especially like those things because of mouth-feel, but if you made a sausage out of them and it was tasty I don't see why that's somehow disgusting in princple.)
I happily eat lips-and-arseholes chippy sausages on occasion because I enjoy them and it's still food. Just unhealthy food.
Lucky that Queensland couple got some wine delivered to them while in quarantine on that ship, clearly it wasn't a serious situation. You got trolled. Never happened.
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Beattles: Elenore Rigby &amp; A Hard Day's  Night.
@USER  @USER Ye farrey word maine bhi pehli baar suna tha khushi se??? @USER  @USER Same here ? Many other desi words too like ramanchi , paala (side) etc.
@USER That’s not tea ! It’s warm milk !!  Ahhhh Dee ? @USER  @USER They're are people doing time in Portlaoise for far less.
The Curious Cases Of Rutherford and Fry. 
 URL. Aye already a big fan.
@USER  @USER  @USER yes, this is great!! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Jane! X.
My wife. I also choose this man's wife.
They're trying to push a half-truth narrative that Gandhi and others welcomed Hindus and others from Pakistan (including Bangladesh which was then part of Pakistan) and that the the CAA is a step along that direction while conveniently ignoring the fact that Gandhi and co also welcomed everyone who wanted to come to India irrespective of religion. As of now we are very close on overtaking China in population figures, do we really need more people ?
@USER Aaaaaaaaaaggggghhhhhh. @USER That’s a very long acronym for a roadside assistance group.
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. It is one of those books that looks nice on top of the microwave. About the best thing I can say for it.
Everyone Is Still Grasping Jonathan Scott Tragedy, here is the full story. @USER Its not a tragedy. Its life. It goes on. He's fine.
@USER Gm my sweet friend happy Thursday to u. Hope u have a amazing day and keep safe and warm. Enjoy your coffee and breakfast . Gd luck to ur tribe tonight. Big hugs ☕️☕️???????? @USER Good morning to you my sweet friend! Lots of rain here. Have a great Thursday and thank you on my Tribe! Big hugs ??⚾️☕️☕️???⚾️.
जब देश की लंका लगेगी न तो उससे कोई अछूता नहीं रहेगा, 

वे अंधभक्त भी नहीं जो आज बिना अच्छा-बुरा सोचे आंख मूंदकर सरकार की जय जय कर रहे है!! @USER  @USER You are right mam aapke pair Kahan hai mujhe.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Welcome!
Honestly it doesn't look that good, it's hard to tell from a single picture but it looks very thin and overdone. Not a popular comment but I'm inclined to agree...
This trade period looks like there is a lot happening and we at Hawthorn are standing still. WTF. @USER I'm not having a go nut what do you want them to do ? Haven't yet seen a deal OM really jealous of Bowes yes but we had a go at that.
I called rakes, rape. Wow, that's unfortunate. But also pretty funny ?
@USER Do u still facebook? Well I quit 7 years back.Its so boring. @USER Not for Actors ...
Winning Streak never moved on from the 80s. RTE never moved on from the 80's.
A 3 way with Ronnie pickering. Who?
@USER  @USER Ця стара хвойда ще жива? @USER  @USER Жива і  вилізла так само, як і папа, і маск та інші. Пішло лайно просто водоспадом.
Dinner at Pluckett’s Tonight!  @USER 

Meet us in hotel lobby in 30 minutes to walk over at 6:45p (Distance 0.6 miles, 12 minute walk). @USER  @USER I hatched a Pokémon egg on that walk.
The only way this works is that you apply one kilo of dung, and one litre of urine, of cow, per person. Works better if the cow is red in colour. White cow is the weakest, black is a little better, red works best.
This has to be layered, so the first day, you apply. And wait for it to dry. The next day, DO NOT WASH OFF. Apply the new stuff over the old stuff as a layer.
You have to do this until the summer comes. ~~Or Shivraathri [Feb 20/21, 2020].~~ This process needs to be continued right through summer into the rainy season, and you have to wash it off in the first rain.
And you have to go about your business. Sitting at home aggravates the symptoms. Seems legit. 10/10 would recommend.
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER That's Amazing Elaine. I'm so happy for you, your son &amp; the rest of the family who no doubt are celebrating this amazing achievement. ❤️.
Our old neighbour used to have a Nissan skyline he used to rev the shit out of between 5am and 6.30am every damn day. I thought it would stop when he swapped it for a land rover discovery 3 but nope. He would rev the shit out of that too and then leave it to "warm up". Where he parked used to be more or less directly under my bedroom window. He was such a wanker. So glad we moved. I don't understand why people can be so selfish.
jack black… forever my celeb crush. @USER This makes sense….
It's a type of chemical to disinfect stuff. I don't know what exactly it's called. Not exactly healthy to breathe in though. On the assumption that everything is a chemical, can you elaborate?
@USER Dear customer, we regret the inconvenience faced. We request you to please lodge the matter with our customer care service at 1800 180 2222/ 1800 103 2222 (toll free)/ 0120-2490000 (tolled number). @USER No one is picking up the call,kindly arrange a call back.
What does this woman have anything to do with Ireland?
Stop trying to suck up to foreigners so they think we're "a great bunch of lads"
Maybe crowd fund something more worthwhile closer to home. Because she is being banned from a festival about irish culture and heritage, based on her sexual preferences. 
So yeah, it has to do with the Irish, because it's a fucking St. Patrick's Day festival, you obtuse contrarian.
@USER I think it’s a brilliant idea, puts candidates at ease allowing best attributes to shine through. Interviews currently don’t assess the suitability for a job, they simply assess how good you are at interviews. @USER Understand worries about preparing false narratives, but this could be identified with gentle probing on the day. If not supported by a foundation of truth, it should be easy to spot. Those that could blag their way through would be able to no matter what.
It's the flu.  A higher percentage of old and sick people might die than the regular flu.  But not that much higher. 
Everyone is freaking out. 
I don't get the obsession with toilet paper though. >old and sick people
Boomervirus.
@USER Here's to a happy hump day and wonderful Wednesday. @USER Yes! Have a blessed day!
जबसे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की हत्या हुई है तबसे अब तक 35 बॉलीवुड फिल्मे फ्लॉप हो चुकी है,,

कुछ साल और बहिस्कार और सारी गंदगी साफ़ हो जाएगी बॉलीवुड की !! @USER Bollywood Boycott.
@USER Luibin Mhairois (Moyrus) near Cárna. @USER Actually it’s Renvyle beach.
I thought one of them was a disgraced drunk driver, and would never work in TV again. Nah British public love ‘our’ ant and dec too much to care what a disgrace one of them is.
I know a few people who are acting like it is doomsday stocking up on everything.
I know several people that don't give a shit.
I know some people that are just avoiding crowds/sick people/using common sense and washing their damn hands.
Honestly, if you didn't give a shit about flu season for the past two decades, why are you acting so scared or proactive around covid virus? Media attention to some degree, but there it currently has about the same CFR as the 1918 flu.
Slowing the spread while a vaccine is developed has the best chance of limiting fatalities.
Epstein didn’t kill him self, and how the Coronavirus magically trounced the Hong Kong protests. Yes I'm sure China decimated its entire country and economy to temporarily remove HK out of the news cycle (after the media had mostly gotten over it anyway).
Happy Birthday to pyaare redditors :* u/rorschach34 u/gumnaamflautist. Aur mai?
Holy shit it’s been so long since I’ve watched this. I used to love it when I was like 10. I love it too! It reminds me of granny babysitting on Saturday nights!
Next time put the warm water in a plastic bag and wipe it over your windscreen! Did not have the time at all this morning.. I can feel it already.. Its going to be a lovely day!
In an emergency kitchen towel will also suffice. Nah, that stuff clogs up toilets in no time. It's designed to NOT disintegrate when it gets wet. The exact opposite of what bog roll needs to do.
know I am definitely not pregnant ??. This is just a gastrointestinal issue. Can you imagine me pregnant at my old after??✍️ Lord help me feel better throughout the journey day.
Every species in this world has a purpose and that purpose leads to balancing the environment, nurturing it for other species, making it a safer place...
Every species. Take ants. If ants were suddenly gone, a lot of rotting animals will stay there for longer, providing launchpads to infections. Vultures - same story. Even the fucking tiny bees are necessary. They pollinate.
Every species is useful for environment, and is needed for keeping the world livable.
Every species, except humans.
Think about it. But dont all species die out and new ones take their place eventually.?
Sometimes I think the purpose of humans is to accelerate the already occurring thing in nature .
But having said that , I agree we should tone it down a bit and do our part as individuals.
@USER  @USER Ring joe on Monday, thats insane. @USER  @USER No thanks not for me, am just one of hundreds that went through that system this weekend.
Gotta commit to the lie. 
Youngish (25-30) guy, what I think is his mum and a mate come to door. Main guy p1 is up first. 
After ID checks etc 
B1 “I need to do a quick search if that’s ok before I can get you in here”
P1 “yea of course, go ahead”
B1 direct to the little pocket you get on jeans. And pull out a bag of again cocaine. 
P1 just stares at me blankly and then asks “ok am I ok to go in then?”
B1 “no sorry mate you’re in possession of drugs you’re not coming in here”
P1 “ohh that’s not mine”
B1 “who’s is it”
P1 “I don’t know” 
P2 and P3 look on in astonishment. Obviously unaware this guy does coke.
To spare you from an Inane back and forth that followed this as he was 100% adamant it wasn’t his, he don’t know how it got there. (I did confirm they were indeed his trousers just in case) still staring blankly. B2 and B3 are dying with laughter as it’s beyond silly now but he’s so committed to the lie it’s almost admirable. 
Eventually his mum got his arm and dragged him off up the road. URL.
You need margarine. Didn't meant to get you down voted.  I asked a question and you replied.  Thank you for the response; edited my reply to reflect that.  Cheers!
Who all is going to the Game on the 19th against Ole Piss? @USER Me and muss birthday ?‍?
@USER Stunning ?
Gm gm 
Have a pleasant amazing day. @USER Gm gm. Good day?
I think it's harder to make friends as you get older and most of your childhood friendships that you maintain into your 20s and 30s are built in those turbulent teenage years and nostalga plays a big part .
The best you can hope for is drinking buddies after work well that's as far as I will let myself get with work colleges. I’ve thought about thst myself but the unfortunate thing is most guys in my work are older than me, so there’s only so much I can do. Most don’t do anything after work.
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER And DC also. It’s not fair the way it is now.
@USER Cheers Ian and everyone ????? @USER Cheers??Ian.
By saying that in a nice way.
Also what does uncircumcised people have to do it? Over time if they don’t wash under their foreskin shit starts getting weird if you ever hear the term dick cheese that’s where it comes from.
The whole point of secularism and humanitarianism is that religion does not define our morality. Saying someone is not a real Hindu is like saying that a good hindu's morality comes from the correct "practice" of Hinduism. But anyone from any religion can say that about literally any moral stance. If good hindu's are humanitarian and bad Hindus are violent because they're bad Hindus then where does that put atheists? That's not my point at all. Hinduism, like most religions is a set of ideologies. And those ideologies do not promote the kind of hate and violence being perpetuated in our country now. Thus, people who do perpetuate said hate and violence in our country calling themselves hindu for doing so are in fact, not.
I take immunosuppressants for inflammatory bowel disease, do you know if that makes me more susceptible? It probably would, even the fact you have an autoimmune disease might. But I wouldn’t ever stop taking them, the reward here far outweighs the current risk.
Just keep regular hand hygiene and ask people around you that if they feel they may have been exposed or have any symptoms that they keep their distance from you if possible.
I went to Ascot once to watch the Red Bull Air Race. On the train back I was on a carriage with a bunch of drunken men singing sea shanties. That's par for the course for races (does the air race run at the same time?)
I used to work in Chester and on the bus home on race day there was always a drunken crowd of strangers singing, and one guy at the front being the "conductor" who was usually the most pissed.
@USER  @USER  @USER Still at the pub? @USER  @USER  @USER Apologies for the delayed reply, I believe the Doctors have wrapped up for the day. But hopefully we can help out tomorrow!
As a guy, I hate watching sports. I think its the most boring shit ever, its like watching paint dry. Id rather play than watch. I can't understand how you can watch like 2 hours of guys playing something and get excited over it. Yes you can hate on me all you want thats just my opinion. Same, I played soccer in a team when I was younger but hated to watch people play it cause you dont do anything.
Brahmin culture
 URL. People having pride on their caste are the lowest form of cretins in the society. How does one even have pride over something that they had zero contribution in is beyond me. The era of stupid people is going to take us back decades.
You can just say fuck. We know what the f*ck you're saying.
Put SVG to the back for TV purposes. #Bathurst1000. For TV purposes they've kept him in the shootout. #Bathurst1000.
"We're going to skate to one song, one song only.". Is that Blades of Glory?
This is the first time I've ever seen Deed Poll written down. For 21 years of my life I've quitely and unsurely muttered 'Deepoll' whenever it's cropped up in conversation. r/boneappletea.
Super excited to watch some  @USER tonight on @paramountplus, but my code still has not arrived from my  @USER membership. Fairly confident the blame isn't on the Mariners here....Poor form yet again by the broadcaster of the game. So backwards. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I got mine yesterday in the junk mail folder.
That absolute cunt Emperor Commodus in Gladiator. You can FEEL the knife go In.
When #Trump stood in blazing heat and humidity for two hours handing out diplomas and speaking and took assistance to walk down an incline

The media said he wasn't fit

#JoeBiden falls down standing with a bike Media says he's a fit man

See the stupid? #JerseyDeservesBetter. @USER Hahaha, trump needed two hands to lift a glass ???? If trump got on a bike, the bike would collapse ?
@USER Wow! A fox? @USER A fox! Cheeky thing just wandered into our bedroom and trotted happily round the bed!
@USER Loved it!!! #WerewolfByNight #ManThing. @USER So damn good.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. It wouldn’t be difficult to program this into the program, so you’re likely correct. Google probably figures they don’t want to ask you right after they did a bad job.
@USER All the best bro. @USER Thanks bro.
@USER burberry, Tommy Hilfiger : nice

852 squadron ?

all in, a great effort, but without stone island on the left bicep, the maximum score available is 6/10. @USER Can’t believe you wasted that much of your life to type that.
This a serious question from a gardening pleb but how is he supposed to get rid of mud if it's wet? He could try using gardening tools and not a pressure washer. At least wait for the mud to dry before taking a photo for his Facebook page.
Cashless Bail MUST be REPEALED!

Judges need discretion to weigh dangerousness.

Criminals shouldn’t be able to chop up tables &amp; walls of a McDonald’s, swinging the hatchet wildly at customers, &amp; be released from custody before the fries get cold.

We must take back our streets! @USER  @USER New York City is lost. Put a fence up along the Hudson and keep Snake Plisken on speed dial for emergencies.
Any idea why Infosys futures is at 24-25 buck discount to spot? Dividend is only around 16 or so? @USER Where did you see Rs.16 dividend?

I think they haven't announced yet. Could be higher perhaps.
शव यात्रा में अगर कोई 'राम नाम सत्य है' 
बोल दे तो उसे गोली तो नहीं मार दी जाएगी ?
? @USER तुम जैसो की गोली तो नहीं
.... ""!""
समझ लो क्या मार ली जाएगी.
@USER They are a pain in the hoop. @USER Usually end up sticking the fork or knife into them and squeezing sauce out.
Train your mind to stay calm in every situation. @USER I am calm in every situation.
God wasted a fine asshole when he put teeth in Tushar Kapoor's mouth. WTF. This comment had me rolling. Lol. Dude!!!
@USER  @USER  @USER Classic Shan W ? @USER  @USER  @USER Haha  wanted to  “practise what I preach” 

Having spent close to 3 hours advocating people to support aus based projects, would be a shame not to show some support especially when I like the art ❤️ 

On a side note, hoping to fly down to brissy for the event :).
@USER Do you have a German Shepherd? I presume that is the strange thing that happened. @USER Hi tell me please what happened why are you are sat up having a cup of tea in bed .? It looked like there was a German Shepherd at the bottom of your bed. Is that the spooky thing that happened? Do you have a dog.
@USER I just said this. Off mic dude be moving kinda funny but he out rapping everybody who's hating on him. @USER  @USER Can’t hate a man that gets jumped by 20 heads and still doesn’t get dropped or his shit snatched. 

Dudes not catching any Ls really. He really going against the grain and making it work.
So funny! A British guy saying that if Indians protest about a law passed in India by Elected representatives of India then the law must be unjust! The irony! What about the 100s of years of unjust British rule wherein millions of protesting were killed to stop the protesting. Ah yes, because it was this exact person who was ruling India for 100s of years! Totally fair comparison. In fact, I hear that the Germans are all Nazis too. Each with their own tiny moustache to boot. Next thing you'll say is that India still practices the caste system! Oh... wait... maybe that's why you think other Countries and cultures are incapable of evolving?
I understand only criminal charges show up, and hypothetically if it did mention anything they look at the nature of what occurred e.g. speeding fine NBD, but serious crimes (murder) would be an issue. An admission to a psychiatric unit might be viewed as beneficial to the school because you would have lived experience which is valuable. > .. but serious crimes (murder) would be an issue. 
Shur I'll throw in the application and see how it goes.
How embarrassing for him.
1) all that stuff attached to his van.
2) driving a Renault. Everyone knows the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Honestly, your downvotes are welcome, but if he pulled up in that van and I had hired him, I’d be questioning my decision. >  the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Would that be the Ford Transit, made by an American car company?
@USER Yet they Ok the return of torque converter automatics smh. @USER  @USER I think their launch systems are better for it.
Completed 18 years in Journalism today! 

#WorkAnniversary. @USER 18 Years!! Not easy.

Congratulations and Happy 18th Work Anniversary ?
I think the producers would do my nut in if I was ever on the show. All that silly happy clappy waving and bullshit is cringy af. But then your granny sits in the crowd and you just wanna let her brag about it to her friends for the week.
My favourite thing about having insomnia for 3 decades is people telling me how to cure it as if I haven't tried everything imaginable to avoid 10,000 sleep-deprived nights. @USER Me too....me too.
If the information that I got the other day is right ... soon I will be a great grandfather. Yikes!!! And I'm just a kid!  ??? @USER Congratulations!!!
I think it’s better to use Skype when travelling abroad. You have no idea what OP os talking about. Do you?
@USER  @USER It was powerful Urlo. Made me cry. @USER  @USER Yep very much from the heart.
Is it because I'm not British (though I've lived in the UK since arriving from Ireland as a young child) that I can't relate to this mass 'grief' around the death of the Queen? @USER No

It is because you are rational.
@USER Good morning Sis!!! Will try my best to spread love and joy today. Going to vote early!!! My brother-in-law is running for the 8th distrect Appeals Court!!! So excited to vote BLUE all the way!!! Be blessed today!!!
?❤️?? @USER Thank you Brenda. Have a nice day.❤.
@USER gand fatati h bhai koi sunny bola toh..Chennai things. @USER Chennai ka hoga but yaha 4 din baad Suraj nikla hai ?
The way it's taught, you're not handed novels in French and just told, translate that and then explain the themes and nuanced readings in the language you're still not fluent in...
I still have better French than Irish after 21 years being out of school. It's just a shame imo. I would really like to be able to speak our language properly but I have an Irish oral for the LC soon and it is actually embarrassing that I'm still struggling to hold a general conversation after 13 years of learning it.
@USER Now I’m curious. What did this fox say? @USER Nothing. He or she just looked at us….imperiously.
Not many. It's not original enough. Well should I insert a picture of penis or something?
Why Indian aunties have weird obsession to know when we will get marry or when we (married couple) will conceive a child? @USER Rightly said.
Clam. Stay clammy and call your mammy.
@USER I'd add Dames Maggie Smith and Shirley Bassey. @USER Yep definitely.
Cashless Bail MUST be REPEALED!

Judges need discretion to weigh dangerousness.

Criminals shouldn’t be able to chop up tables &amp; walls of a McDonald’s, swinging the hatchet wildly at customers, &amp; be released from custody before the fries get cold.

We must take back our streets! @USER  @USER New York City is lost. Put a fence up along the Hudson and keep Snake Plisken on speed dial for emergencies.
Many of America's new far leftists are tied to terrorists all around the world. Its scary they might be part of the administration somehow if Bernie wins..  
Tulsi - RSS
Ilhan Omar - Erdogan
Talib - Hamas. And Donald Trump "fell in love" with Kim Jong Un. What's your point? This is a discussion about Tulsi's Hindutva leanings and ties to the RSS, not US politics in general.
Pedigree is the worst shite to ever feed your dog, or if you're gonna feed it shite at least feed it cheap shite so you're not both being done out of it. Pedigree is produced by Mars, there are far better dog foods for the same price range. Purina make a few, I can't remember the specific names. Used to work in a pet shop years ago but honestly don't feed your dogs Pedigree. URL 
Good site showing how alot of the popular brands product absolute muck
Royal Canin sold as premium here is actually crap.
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER No matter how long it takes falsehood to journey truth will prevail and overpass it. Their messiah has gotten to a free slope that may slide him into political obscurity IRE O.
Raw with mayo. Try rubbing a bit of oil. 10x better.
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER C. 12MP
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
j waiting for that one text. @USER Ok lemme text you?‍?
I don't know, I can't even lay down and watch a movie or TV in bed. I usually try with background noise , but it doesn't help.
@USER ଅନେକ ଅଭିନନ୍ଦନ ଭାଇ ??? @USER ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ ଭାଇ??
@USER Have you tried camomile tea? Why don’t you go to bed earlier? Don’t have coffee After 12. Don’t overthink things. @USER I'm gonna do a fight all over you, Laverty.
I can't pick a song but definitely The Score. Always good!
Any idea why Infosys futures is at 24-25 buck discount to spot? Dividend is only around 16 or so? @USER Where did you see Rs.16 dividend?

I think they haven't announced yet. Could be higher perhaps.
@USER  @USER  @USER For the sake of my relationship I’m not going to tell him you’ve tweeted him this ? @USER  @USER  @USER Forget it! I've just WhatsApped him the link. You may cancel whatever plans you've made for the rest of 2022. And possibly beyond. ?
Is it st Davids day today? just wondering. no idea - he had nowt to do wi sheep anyway.
In research, it's not enough to be 99.9% sure, you have to be 100% sure. How many of you agree?  @USER  @USER  @USER @AcademicDilemma. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nothing in life is 100% sure.
A different girls name, i called her Rachel and that was my-ex, she wasn't over the moon. Ross?
Idk why should I be afraid of someone coming to kill me. Fear keeps us from dying. I'm going to die anyway so rather than cower and beg like a pussy, I might just fight back the hardest I ever have because that same fear is going to tell me "you must kill this guy or you'll die" so I'll fight ten times harder. 
And I've seen these deffusers or pacifists get beaten to a bloody pulp while begging. That ain't gonna work. Either run, fight or do both. You're not fighting alone. life is not a videogame buddy.
@USER Who’s the hot babe? @USER ??
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER We can only hope! Perhaps we’ve declared war on Russia or put a man on Mars overnight.
That's good. Much better to be over prepared in these cases. Why do you think this is over prepared?
When my Father was dying on the hospital bed, his mother wouldn't stop bothering me about what was going to happen to his stuff, right in front of him, on the hospital bed. 
Then, half the family left four days before he even died. When they thought they weren't going to get anything, they were gone. Wow, that is so fucked up. Im sorry you had to go through that.
Sapien says, “tomorrows exam can fuck off.”. Then tomorrow exam fucks Sapien in the ass.
Think I've seen this meme for every town in ireland over the past week. Because is true maybe?
@USER Can't say no ?? @USER ?You know me very well.
That’s just the culture of pop punk and metalcore though, music for those who are mentally 13.
(sorry if you like metalcore)
EDIT - gonna keep this comment up because apparently people can’t discern that pop punk/metalcore is vastly different scene to all the other types of metal. 
It’s an extension of 2000’s scene/emo kid culture and is far more toxic than any actual punk/metal shows.
To anyone in Brisbane think The Brightside vs Crowbar and the different crowds there. Ive had the opposite experience with fans of the metalcore and punk/metal scenes in general. Ive never had an issue, and like anything it's a few bad apples that ruin the whole scene. 
Now I have seen douche bros countless times act like this towards people of varying genders, cultures and sexualities.
Can they name the fucking company so the employees know to look for any sign or symptoms. Someone said Shell but no confirmation on that.
Throw it back at the little shits. 8 of them. If it were 1 I'd probably chance confronting them but I'm old enough to know when I'd be out of my depth.
Fucking hell how can you be that degenerate? And how do you have the money for multiple deliveroos per day? shit off, ugly.
>“Harm was part of it and also so was the apology that was made as was the significant level of resources and operational priorities,” he said.
>Keneally asks whether the AFP interviewed Moore.
>“My information was that there was no interview,” Kershaw says.
>Keneally: “How do you make a determination of harm and a decision not to continue to an investigation without speaking to the victim?”
That is some amazing police work, Clover Moore was not even interviewed. Also if you apologise, you won't be investigated now? You can get away with anything if you're a Liberal politician.
@USER Magar ye ho na saka….. @USER  @USER अच्छा ही हुआ l नहीं तो Amitabh would not have survived the Coolie punch...
Almost got into a serious crash about an hour ago because of some absolute dope couldn’t look both ways before pulling out into the middle of a main road. 

Please please pay attention when you’re driving. 

Seconds away from not coming home today man. I’m fucking shook. @USER Mate seriously the amount of terrible drivers I’m seeing in this country lately is fucking shocking ! Think they need to start retesting people.
Shocking. I cannot absorb this. This pun made me recoil in disgust.
Sorry to dampen your spirit.
@USER Looks great! @USER Thanks Violet ?
Hello everyone. Today is my 73rd birthday. Haven't heard from family. Can I  please get some birthday likes? @USER Happy birthday.
I don't know why Honohan has decided to keep the name of the school or the fact it is a child secret. No one is asking for the name of the actual child, just the school. Then he fucks up and let's the fact it's a child slip to journalists himself? The hse can't keep these secrets not only because it's impossible since we'll find out anyway but also and more importantly we have a right to know more details about threats to our families so we can make our own decisons..
For example, I needed to know what school this was last night because if it had been near me I wouldn't have sent my kid  to pre-school today as a precaution. That's my choice given my own families circumstances. But I need accurate info in order to make that choice. And this choice to protect an entire school's "privacy" forced me to find out the name of the school through Reddit last night, not the people who are in charge of managing the crisis. Despite them having it. Exactly. All they are doing is allowing rumours to intensify and distrust in the goverment and health service to grow. How did they think the schools name would not get out? 400 pupils, 800 parents telling there work, neighbours and family. It was all over the internet within 10 mins.
No one was asking for the students/teachers name. But have a right to know what community the virus is circulating in.
everyone from Lincoln simultaneously: 'Did you know the Cathedral was once the world's tallest building?' 
Source: from Lincoln. I love the board in the Cathedral with the various incarnations of the Cathedral over the years. "That one burned down, fell over and then sank into the swamp, but this one stayed up!" (until the spire fell off).
Open the Keystone Pipeline.
Build the wall.
Put America first. @USER Give it a effing rest.
RSS is meeting Muslims, Mohan Bhagwat is praising Ambedkar, wants more social corrective action to reduce casteism, for the first time RSS invites a woman chief guest on their Dussera event. 

All this in one month, since the massive success of #BharatJodoYatra 

 @USER ?? @USER  @USER so you were a congi all along .... what unethical b@$&amp;@#d!!...
RTE pundits sometimes hard to listen to ? @USER 100% right.
Does anyone else find wind farms really beautiful and actually add to nature. 
There's something so satisfying to me about watching wind turbines rotate knowing it's creating clean energy for us. It's like working with nature, apart from the birds getting sliced in half. I always found the aesthetics argument to be the weirdest argument against them.
I get it's subjective but they're like giant pinwheels!
Can we perhaps upgrade the travel advice for all these countries please? 
A ban, sure but most of them are “returning” from holidays. There are some rich ppl out there are circumventing band and just flying off from another country to get here.
I would force the homeless to fight to the death for the money, and then kill the winner to eat both of their corpses. This is the best response I could ever think of.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Beautiful. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER That's actually more important than being beautiful.. A biodiversity indicator, as none saw it till now in my area.
I think I am the last of a dying breed. I much prefer bar soap, as opposed to liquid soap. @USER ???
I think they can get points on their licence for that but if you didn't get the plate your just have to try and forget about and get dry using those hand dryers at work. Yeah I didn’t get their license plate, they weren’t driving slow. Its ok though, karma will do their thing.
@USER  @USER All fairly untapped quantities. If anything I feel Duzza has the heart and effort instilled so just reckon he’s gonna come on nicely next year. HJ was glowing in 2021 but had injuries this year which clearly ruined his self confidence. He could be anything.
Cox I’m not sold. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes, a fit and confident HJ could be anything.
Morning babieeeees happy hump DAY! ?? @USER Goood morning hope you have an amazing day.
It's the Economic Benefits, stupid ! If you kill the Cows for the Beef....where you will get the in-demand, and nutritious Cow's Milk that you depend on - from ? > ! If you kill the Cows for the Beef....where you will get the in-demand, and nutritious Cow's Milk that you depend on - from ?
We don't breed separate cattle for meat in india. Beef comes from non productive cattle - cows that no longer produce milk and build that are no longer used in agriculture or transport. Cow economics depends on meat consumption to keep it viable. Don't listen me, read the works of the father of indian white revolution, varghese kurrien. Then ask yourself why farmers in up are locking up stray cattle in schools and government offices in record numbers after bhogiji's cow slaughter ban.
@USER I'd bring them back, they look a bit mucky..? @USER I can send the snails back. ?
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER No your so humble .unique .down  to earth Girl  podda.
I don’t follow AFL, (as well as soccer or rugby or union or any other ball sport).
I wouldn’t know half the teams in the league. I don’t care who wins or loses. I hate how it takes up half the newspaper on a Monday, and was excited for electronic news- so I can skip past it. 
I wouldn’t recognise a single player, and never watch or listen to a game. Actually I don’t think a sporting game has ever been watched by either myself or my kids in our house. 
We play sport, we are all good at sport and all games but don’t care to watch others play it. No one in Brisbane follows AFL except 1st & 2nd generation immigrants from Melbourne.
@USER Now wait a minute, you work on a car that has had 2 of the best "bottom feeders" in the business  drive it and all see in this pic is the inside line , why didn't you take it ??!!!! @USER ? it was far from a race track.
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. That's great! Congratulations! 
Gives me hope TBH!
Bullshit, that definitely didn’t happen. has to be fake, Bro? in Ballymun?
@USER Could you please provide your address so we can follow up with the Environmental Health Team. Thank you. @USER I have sent u a DM.
@USER Honestly... it makes no difference.. I have a Pixel and I don't even notice that... has no impact on usage or putting it on the table or anything... it really is not protruding much, especially with a case. @USER  @USER I concur. Don't even notice it during use. If anything, it helps with orientation of which end is up. I get new one every 2 years. Bought 6, now buying 7, trade in value of 6 is wonderful.
@USER …did you have a part in her crying though? @USER I DID NOT! ??
My theories ..
.Modiji is Celebrating April 1st in March 
Yoga baba is coming out with a new app ../ or he's going to make tik Tok videos 
Last..humara bada khatnewala Hein .. My theory - All of the above.
@USER Is that a full Irish? @USER Lacking a potato cake.
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER You’re on the wind up here.
@USER Not one person who I follow that supports Collingwood has talked him down. Not one. Perhaps put another mask on. @USER  @USER Come on Josh.
Tried to get my mom to stop drinking when I was a teen, she got really upset.  She still drinks alot. I’m sorry to hear, I’m in the same boat.
Everyone already knows about the states complicity in whatever is happening and has been happening. This isn’t a case of both sides. Hindu supremacists were voted into power, they introduced an anti-Muslim bill, Muslims in Delhi and other parts of the country protested, the centre sent mobs to indiscriminately kill Muslims, loot them, rape them and destroy their properties. Mosques were destroyed and they raised a Hanuman flag on top of a mosque. The police also took part in this. 
Then why is it so hard to say that this is a pogrom against Muslim people? There is overwhelming evidence, and has been for a while now. You’re looking at Kashmir, UP, Delhi. All of the statements coming from the government are blatantly islamophobic, BJP supporters are blatantly islamophobic. So why can’t the obvious be stated? Why does every story in the news cycle have to be about both sides, when it’s just one side that is disproportionately affected?
The basis of this entire article is bullshit. This article doesn't shy away from calling it a pogrom tho. In fact it emphasizes on calling it so. All it says is, acknowledging that some Hindus also lost their lives at the hands of Muslims doesn't discredit the fact that this was state sanctioned violence - a pogrom.
@USER Your collars are absolutely gorgeous ?? @USER Oh wow thank you.
Fuck the whiny bastards in this thread that have never waited tables and had a manager asking you to do this shit, we know how annoying it is, leave a tip every now and then when the service is good, oh and take your rubbish with you. 
- a waiter. • I was a waitress
• my manager never told me to keep customers waiting for their bill
• I hate it when the waiter doesn’t come back after they’ve cleared the table to ask if we want anything else/the bill.
Who remembers that Saturday morning tradition of getting up at 9am and settling in front of the television to watch Video Hits? Recovery was far superior.
You don't have to hate someone to break up with them.  Be firm and honest.  This relationship isn't working for you and the two of you are not as good together as you had hoped.  They may think you are being a dick, or they may realize you are right, or they may have been thinking the same thing. you can't control their reaction, just your actions. Good answer thanks!
@USER जन्मदिन की हार्दिक बधाई, मैम. @USER Thank you so much?
>Save the cheerleader. Save the world
lol ! I liked the first two seasons of Heros, like everything it kinda dropped off towards the end.
Got wasted Friday, still feeling rough today.
Did by a new bed though Sunday. Super King... now panicking the headboard won't make it up the stairs into the loft conversion. There's plenty of headroom for it to go 'straight up' as long as it pivots around the first point... wondering if I should go back to the shop but all I could maybe do is cancel within the first 24 hours.
Going to be a long day! PIVOT!
Well not surprising seeing as we pretty much gave up trying to stop it after the initial travel ban from China. It will come in from everywhere not just China. The latest cases in Australia are from people coming from Iran and you would expect from Italy as well.
So no it's not surprising unless everyone was banned from traveling to Australia or coming home....
It's inevitable.
Ending my life ? goodbye y’all. @USER This is a fake account she doesn’t have a Twitter.
Ironic how the European is the diseased immigrant when they complain so much about diseased Asians destroying their society. Oh please stop that kind of talk. Xenophobes exist everywhere in the world. You don't need to stoop to their level when calling out their xenophobia and bigotry.
@USER I've read the Bible, thank you.

Who gave Muhammed permission to do all the things he did?

Raping women is part of Islam, it's not what the Lord God commands or has ever commanded.

But he will judge, sometimes in this life &amp; definitely in the next. Don't you fear God? @USER He noting compared to The Bible, you won't find a single verse of the Quran they orders genocide , rape only in the Bible and who gave these prophet's they permission? If you say God, then it was Jesus who you believe is God.
You are in the middle of storm Jorge!
Not taking away from the increased input of green energy into the grid, that's awesome, just pointing out that what you are seeing isn't the norm and we still have a ways to go until it is! But with more global warming we can have more freak storms.
Invest in coal. Invest in the future.
slay slay all day. @USER Reyanna Sleepria.
All of them. You beat me by 4 min, I like you dark friend.
Your actions have a way of affecting your character and you need to take this very seriously. Dishonesty should never be associated with you anymore! @USER Amen and Amen. I believe and receive I'm the Mighty Name of Lord Jesus Christ.
Why would anyone use this service given the drawbacks and huge charges? I'd imagine, like their old postfone thing they had its to fleece the grannies.
In Oz we call crisps, chips and chips, hot chips. Hard habit to break. But crisps aren’t hot.
the problem with EAs is that they hold some of the largest vegan conferences in the world, but also think that at least some of the time, the market is the solution. 

this gives bad vibes to everyone. @USER If you view eating animals as a negative externality, or animal welfare as a public good (or both), then the free market is not the solution.
Good Morning &amp; Merry Christmas Everyone!!! ??
Oops, I mean Happy J6 Hearing Day!!?
✌?❤️⚖️?? @USER I spend Thursdays with a couple of grandkids. I need to set my record divice. I have a bullshit xfinity system and I'm struggling with how to do it but I will persist... although grudgingly. We switched to save money. It streams everything ?. I'm not sure about it.
3 of my ex colleagues from my previous company quit yesterday, 2 I was on very good terms with, including a guy that was among the top performers who couldn't handle the politics any more.
Meanwhile David de Gea (and Jordan Pickford) are collecting their paychecks.
Another mate (my bestie at work and said top performer's roomie) just spilled the beans today on why HR encouraged me to quit during probation period itself so he could save 185000 for the company.
Sucks. Sales role me sab performance based hi hota kya? like CGPA in college?
@USER I mean they wanted to build a hotel above the Cobblestone, where The Bernard Shaw was, and above Merchants Arch and all were met with massive opposition and ultimately failed. The problem with Dublin is there aren’t enough hotels because fucking idiots keep protesting them. @USER  @USER You in a ket hole lad?
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER  @USER will forever remain in my top 5.
@USER Jesus!   Is he old enough to be working there?!? @USER 19. It was also today that I did the math and realised I could easily be the father of a 19 year old ?? - seriously! Where has the time gone… last time I blinked I was 32.
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER So hard to choose…….let’s do both!
Look I don't trust Nehru
He never in a single interview revealed how he eats mangoes. It was never about mangoes. 
&#x200B;
Nehru on June 29,1949
&#x200B;
" If we do not increase the production then in the matters of crop we will be dependent on others. For the matters of food, we do not want to dependent on other nations. That's why we have to solve the problems of production in food immediately. We have to reduce this deficit that happens due to us buying the food from foreign countries. We have decided that by 1951 we will be self reliant on crops. We will not import them after 1951".
@USER I think you must be mistaken. NI are lagging behind terribly. Suella Braverman said so, and she's the nation's top lawyer and a cabinet minister, so she must be right, mustn't she? @USER  @USER No. Keep this in mind: whatever the tories say, the opposite is the truth!
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER One question . 

SHOULD SCOTLAND BE INDEPENDENT.

Ban all coverage from any political parties, let the people decide with their own conscience.
@USER ???????? bravo Calvin, you shook the bushes and some dumb asses fell out ? @USER ??? now that’s funny.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER सत्य कथन आपका

सनातनियों को समझना जरूरी है कि निर्दोष Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu को जमानत या पेरोल क्यों नहीं मिल रही है!!??
Just make sure you cover your mouth... I do I make sure to always wash my hands aswell.
@USER Bob Mortimer. @USER Good shout.
@USER Good morning brother.
Get it started and let it be a fantastic day. @USER Good morning, and today will be a positive experience ?
Damn. This guy went to work in Bengaluru for 2 days with fever before leaving to Hyderabad. Smh. Super irresponsible of him and the company if they knew. For sure there will be a few cases more from Blore and Hyd.
Pedigree foods are American, you're literally funding Israeli missile drops into Palestinian homes. Reddit is an American website. Your traffic is literally funding Israeli missile drops into Palestinian homes.
The vegan sausage roll isn't vegan... Curious ? The Gregg's vegan sausage roll is better than the non vegan one IMO ? can't beat a sausage bean and cheese melt though!
@USER #dontflyAIRFRANCE they loose your luggage and they dont care about it!!!!!!waiting since 26 OF JULYYYYY!!!! @USER  @USER I think we need to get a class action lawsuit against  @USER . There are hundreds of tweets complaining about the same thing.
@USER  @USER  @USER Your complaint no. is PWD/2022/10/325139. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks hopefully you will take action soon.
@USER  @USER  @USER  you are missing the Annual Coddle twitter chat - well that’s what you get for going somewhere foreign????? @USER  @USER  @USER Coddle is not brown, that’s like saying wet white pudding !
Apparently I went to the only school in the country that never served these. However:
> Turkey Twizzlers contained just 34% turkey; bulked up with water, pork fat, rusk, and coating, and loaded with additives, sweeteners, and flavourings. They were found to be made up of 21.2% fat when cooked
Mmmm, I'll give em a miss. Nah we never had them either. Had never even heard of them before pukka pants got on his high horse.
Push them down and fart in their mouth to assert dominance. Peter?
ee kaha se tapak pade beech me. Lagta hai BJP ka ticket chahiey.
@USER Black Tower Leibraumilch. Too sweet for me now. @USER Or was it Blue Nun? ?
Trained or untrained? Trained. For maximum efficiency.
who did this? The answer is in the pic on Modi's Pyjamas. That was nicely hidden.
Fuck me! The Russian Gollum has announced partial mobilisation! @USER You should have heard the Russian bloke screaming on Radio 4 ? and I thought out politicians were batshit!
Taylor Marshall is my J Mac. @USER Shit yeh ????
I called rakes, rape. Wow, that's unfortunate. But also pretty funny ?
Go for Dominar 400. Not as eye-catching as a KTM, or has a heritage as an RE; but is a reliable workhorse.
Great for curvy tarmacs, and high enough to do so decent off-roading, but don't expect it to be a full-fledged off-roader. Thanks! I've heard some good things about the Dominar. Will do a little more research, as I'm not familiar with it.
I'd say it'll be sickening. It'll go viral.
So ... in wallet, in pocket, in pocket.
Not exactly master criminals, are they? I remember years ago my mate had a lighter that you could stash stuff in. It worked and everything. Thing is though, I never once remember getting searched going in to a bar or club in Sheffield.
What's going on is probably you look like a scruffy motherfucker.
Wait, I checked your post history:
>Charged with Dangerous Drugs Possession
Well there we go then. Bullshit charge or not you're on a list boyo. You're probably on the money.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. Maybe they want you to think hes dead when the real conspiracy is he is still alive.
Can't get it without being anti-national. It's simple. There are no guys in South India and there are no gals in north India. I have no idea why it's so hard to figure out.
@USER And sugar in the tiniest sachets ever...have to open 3 just to get a teaspoon...totally wasteful. @USER  @USER Agree there. Sonetimes I have to use 4.
This a serious question from a gardening pleb but how is he supposed to get rid of mud if it's wet? He could try using gardening tools and not a pressure washer. At least wait for the mud to dry before taking a photo for his Facebook page.
Heading offline soon.  I’ve dosed up on antibiotics for days, &amp; today I got my best relief for awhile.
Legs/feet haven’t blown up any further.
Today has been a good one, by my current level.
Reading your lovely tweets has made it even nicer.
If not back later, then tomorrow.
?? @USER Sounds a little better ?
My cat. Aww :).
Any idea why Infosys futures is at 24-25 buck discount to spot? Dividend is only around 16 or so? @USER Buyback and dividend ???

Why are they emptying cash reserves in such conditions for nothing?

Isn't this the time to stay in cash and grow by takeover due to precarious interest rate situation.

Something isn't right!!!!
@USER It will be well. @USER My dear prayer can’t work on Nigeria again.
Too slow to travel ban Iran, unfortunately. They should have done it as soon as it was clear that Iran couldn't deal with their outbreak. As a result of the delay, returnees from Iran have already led to 2 AU cases and 1 NZ case. Weird how in yesterday's post on here the 2nd highest upvoted comment was how the government was racist for announcing the travel ban on Iran but now people are complaining it's too late?
 URL.
The self-perpetuating warming effect we have put in place. Things are thawing, specifically tundras that trap methane and other greenhouse gases. The more they thaw, the more the earth warms, so they will thaw even faster. If humanity's carbon footprint ended entirely right now, the earth would still continue to heat up. This will kill off the ocean phytoplankton and stop 2/3 of all oxygen production on earth. All other oxygen-breathing life larger than a tardigrade will die. All life relying on a food chain based on plankton will die. In all likelihood, very little multicellular life will continue to exist on this planet.
And all that will happen even faster if humanity continues to exist. Calm down Greta, earth will be fine, we won’t be, life will go on.
Is this to gain sympathy or what? He is a showman, he aint going nowhere. I am sure this is it.
I’ve recently moved to New Zealand and the culture at restaraunts here is to go and just pay at the counter instead of asking for your bill. It’s incredibly liberating and just makes so much more sense than having to wait for your waiter who’s probably horrendously over worked to deliver your bill to your table! Order while in-line, pay before/at the end on the counter is glorious.
Essendon has strong interest in Carlton midfielder Will Setterfield who remains out of contract with the Blues. 
Talks progress between the Bombers and the Setterfield camp but it’s one that’s set to elevate over the weekend @7NewsMelbourne. @USER  @USER Has Sheedy approved?
It's a type of chemical to disinfect stuff. I don't know what exactly it's called. Not exactly healthy to breathe in though. On the assumption that everything is a chemical, can you elaborate?
Been wondering about this as well. I am skeptical about any explanation that gives credit to our "robust border checks and systems" - those do not exist.
Looking at the list of countries affected, you will see that the rich and developed countries are at the top, and the poor and underdeveloped countries are reporting less than 10 cases. It almost looks like an Olympics medal tally table.
Either we are not identifying the cases, or maybe we our bodies have better immunity because of constant exposure to filth and diseases. >robust border checks and systems
At Mumbai international airport, arrivals from SEA countries: Temperature reading, and that was that.
@USER Wow!  Just Wow! ??? @USER ❤️??

Thanks as always xx.
Should have a word with your local police since it's assault. Lmao I think that’s a bit of an over reaction. It’s only a bit of water. I don’t think the guy had malicious intent.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. Lmao what idiots. Literally breaching the migration act by referencing visa outcomes.
Public Figures who Mysteriously Died, Inside Jobs, Russian Intel, Voting Recounts, The Clintons, and as always, White People. Bonus upvote if you understand the reference of the last category.
@USER This looks like an approaching apocalypse ! @USER Now its gone!
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. So would you never pay for any recipe book then?
Coronavirus: Come for the Lung Disease, stay for a good case of fucking diarrhea. I just flushed my toilet.
Its a "Caroma" cistern. Clean flush it states.!
Wish it was as easy to quit smoking as it was to quit cokes. @USER It’s not easy but it sure is worth it. I quit 11 years ago and never looked back.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER ये हिन्दुत्ववादी नाम मात्र की सरकार है।  हिन्दुओं के हित मे कौन सा काम किया है ??
हमारा देश धर्म प्रधान देश है।  जहां साधु संतों का आदर नहीं, वह देश कैसे वास्तविक तरक्की कर सकता है।
जहाँ चीतों का स्वागत और असमय गायों को मारा जा रहा है, धिक्कार है।.
There’s a sort of mini documentary on YouTube about him. I feel bad for the guy, not sure he likes the fame. Before, these people would have their 15 minutes of fame, maybe appear in a few magazines and TV programmes, then promptly be forgotten about.   
Now these videos hang around forever and are constantly linked to and referenced, so that 15 minutes of fame is extended in perpetuity.   
Good if you're famous for something admirable. Not so good if you're basically being laughed at by everyone.
We shouldn't be deporting people to countries they've never lived in or only lived in briefly as a child and have no connection to.
Dutton is just another fool trying to be a hard man at the expense of basic empathy. I'm of two minds about this - on one hand, people are obligated to abide by their visa conditions no matter how long they've lived here - if you don't your visa will be revoked.
For most immigrants, the pathway to citizenship is fairlystraight forward, so if they choose not to become citizens,that's their own fault. 
The dame can't be said of our kiwi brethren for them it is difficult if neigh on impossible to gain citizenship.  That we allow them to come here and live indefinitely without giving them a chance to become citizens is morally wrong.
Finding Nemo. That shit was scary as fuck. Shat my pants only looking at the title, never scare me like that again man.
"Mood kyu kharab hai?" Bhai meri puri zindagi kharab hai. @USER Awo may Tek kr do ?
@USER I went back to Uni at 50 and changed my career so 38 is very doable. @USER Well done ??
@USER Haters gonna hate. @USER That's a real waste of time, so I blocked him?
It appears I've missed an important day.  Belated birthday wishes,  @USER . @USER No probs,I’m still celebrating??Ian.
@USER Happy birthday Fatboy !! @USER Thanks Reda ‼️‼️?
@USER Maine nahi liya ♥️de ?? @USER Too ab loge or to kya ?
@USER Sending love Noeleen ❤️. @USER ?Sharon x.
Or they’ve never been to London. Or they’ve never been anywhere other than london.
London sucks. It really doesn’t. But what makes you feel that way.
>the Commonwealth was trying to provide the manifest "as urgently as they possibly can"
What the actual fuck?  Manifests are compiled and submitted by airlines by law.  The Commonwealth government is not able to get a copy of a few pages done quickly?  And the Commonwealth is only today thinking about a process to deal with this request?  God we're so stupid. I know, this is totally unacceptable considering how hard Peter Dutton touts national security.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Congrats!
I have been living in Ireland for 14 years and the one that left me scratching my head first time I heard it was 'road frontage'. Anyone outside of culchie-land feels the same.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. That shit is magic. Clears you right up!
@USER Where can I find them. @USER  @USER My page.
@USER Can it just be branded as electronic music and then differentiate by calling it good or bad? @USER Not really.
For the privileged, acknowledging that things are hard and speaking up about it is easy. This can be an example of how they cultivate hope.

However, the same cannot be said of those at the margins of society who may simply pacify their adversity and oppression.

(read on) 2/4. For those at the margins of society, cultivating hope can be done through pathways (e.g., religion, family) that sustain hope. They cannot speak up like the other group because they don’t have a voice. Even when they do it may not matter! 

(One more tweet) 3/4.
I've said this many times on the pod, but losing Sasha Banks is losing someone who can legitimately be a crossover star. Big fail on WWE for that. @USER WWE Women's Tag Team Titles. Lol.
#MedTwitter
I have the 20th edition Harrison (brand new) because I’ve hardly read 100 pages since I bought it. Don’t think it would be useful to me since I would be pursuing paediatrics. Don’t want to sell it either. What do I do with it? Keep it as a souvenir ??‍♀️. @USER Better to keep with self.
.
Have given to junior before books like - Robbins, f.netter etc.n regretted.
.
My recent such impulsive buy is
- new edition of 'first-aid'. Gonna keep it, hoping to learn something, someday! ?✌?
@USER Who’s the hot babe? @USER ??
The audacity that they still received the award for best TV presenters without doing anything together in the previous year. Oh, that really pissed me off when all they did was BGT, Celeb, and that was it? Where like Graham Norton and Bradley Walsh do a lot and IMHO deserve it more, but either way, I can kinda stand Dec, but I can't stand fucking Twant.
@USER  @USER Dear Sir/Madam, we assure you that we're with you in this. In order to protect your privacy and maintain confidentiality, we have replied to you via direct message. @USER  @USER This shows how fraudulent your services are and your bank as well.

I haven't received any message from your bank yet.
Almost got into a serious crash about an hour ago because of some absolute dope couldn’t look both ways before pulling out into the middle of a main road. 

Please please pay attention when you’re driving. 

Seconds away from not coming home today man. I’m fucking shook. @USER Mate seriously the amount of terrible drivers I’m seeing in this country lately is fucking shocking ! Think they need to start retesting people.
How embarrassing for him.
1) all that stuff attached to his van.
2) driving a Renault. Everyone knows the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Honestly, your downvotes are welcome, but if he pulled up in that van and I had hired him, I’d be questioning my decision. >  the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Would that be the Ford Transit, made by an American car company?
It was such a brilliant idea to have the students back. 14-day offshore quarantine works so well. Who thought this could be coming, right. Look mate, who cares about people's health and well being when our institutions are going broke. /s.
Bacon double cheese burger, no onions, no mustard, add mayonnaise, large fries, diet coke and maybe a McFlurry if I feel like it. PERFECT!
@USER Wonder what he meant by "Hindu movements"? @USER  @USER In his world view, there'd have been Hindu, Christian Islamic movements I guess.
The organizer Larry Cummings is off the boat Irish. He’s one of your own. We disown this fella.
I remember an episode where someone stabbed someone through one of those vented wardrobe door things like this and it shit me up so badly I couldn't go near the one at my Nan's. Ive seen them all, dont recall that one to be honest? :P You sure you wernt watching Halloween?
I think I quite enjoy vegetarian sausages. I say think because my brain tells me the Bunnings snag is superior, but my stomach says otherwise. It’s a conundrum. Bunnings snags are bulk-bought tubes of garbage.
Tried to get my mom to stop drinking when I was a teen, she got really upset.  She still drinks alot. I’m sorry to hear, I’m in the same boat.
Dear all ,

I have no objection to you guys putting your personal opinions, comments etc. 
But ,
My humble request to you Please do not tag or mention me in your personal posts. 

In case of exception, I will be forced to take strict action against you.

??? @USER ଏଇ ଲେଖା ପଢି ମୁଁ ତ ଜମାରୁ ଆମ ଭାଇଙ୍କୁ tag କରିବି ନାହିଁ  ମୋତେ ଯିଏ tag କରିଲେ କିଛି କଥା ନାଇଁ  ଯାହାର ବେଳା ଖରାପ ଥିବ ସେ ହିଁ ଆମ ଭାଇଙ୍କୁ tag କରିବ ?????
@USER  @USER Your a bender. @USER  @USER Disappointed bro.
@USER Not a fan, giving questions out before hand enables the candidate to obtain help from others. I’m in favour of giving the questions to the candidate while in the interview rather than asking the questions. @USER  @USER Nothing wrong with asking for input from a support network. I worry about those who don’t ask for support when needed. 
Understand worries about preparing false narratives, however if it isn’t built on foundation of truth should be able to spot with gentle probing.
> A motel on the New South Wales South Coast has charged a guest $50 for writing what it described as a "defamatory" review.
> 
> Sharon Graham spent two nights at the Mollymook Ocean View Motel last week, and gave the motel a score of six out of 10 on the website Booking.com.
> 
> Ms Graham said the location was good but a bit noisy, and that she was unsure whether the motel offered daily room service.
> 
> "I thought it was quite a fair review," Ms Graham said.
> 
> Ms Graham was shocked when, having checked out, she received a second invoice which listed a $50 credit card fee for leaving a "false review" online.
> 
> The motel said the $50 will be refunded when the review is taken down.
> 
> "Social media bookings false review will be refunded if removed within 24 hours," the invoice read.
> 
> Motel management claimed the review was misleading and harmed the business's public image.
> 
> "The score is not even close to the average rating," the motel said. I read this woman's original post on Facebook. She was actually then charged another $50 for "administrative letter writing". Contacted police who called the motel manager to tell her what she was doing was illegal, but the manager hung up on them. There were a slew of other examples in the comments of the manager responding poorly to reviews, even threatening one person with a call to immigration. Someone even found a positive review that the manager had written herself under her own name, and then responded to as the business to give thanks.
@USER I just said this. Off mic dude be moving kinda funny but he out rapping everybody who's hating on him. @USER  @USER Can’t hate a man that gets jumped by 20 heads and still doesn’t get dropped or his shit snatched. 

Dudes not catching any Ls really. He really going against the grain and making it work.
Did the Muslim community accept the blood money of 5 acres given to them ? They did and they made a hospital, library and a cultural center in it too.
Make love not war.
 URL.
Bisexual. Not gay. There is a difference. Don't be part of the bisexual erasure. Thanks. Bi is fly but isn't gay the accepted shorthand in this case
Edit. Ok I'm wrong. Will know better in the future.
@USER Don't get sucked in, it's all made up by the Victorians ? @USER  @USER As cosplay goes, it’s pretty epic though, no?
Ben and Liam always seemed awkward. I really like Sally and Erica, I think they’ll only keep getting better. See, I find sally and erica really awkward and forced. Maybe they will grow into it.
Talking to NPCs (acquaintances). As an introvert i can agree with this.
@USER  @USER  @USER Your complaint no. is PWD/2022/10/325139. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks hopefully you will take action soon.
At the moment the coronavirus has a higher mortality rate than the Spanish flu, it also seems to spread very quickly and can live on surfaces for upto 9 days. Given that it wouldn’t take much for Irish hospitals to become overwhelmed, how bad do you think this could get? It wouldn’t take much for already limited resources to become overwhelmed. But the HSE have been getting prepared for this and the infectious disease units are ready and waiting for serious cases.
Not going to lie to anyone, it’s going to get worse before it gets better. But the vast majority of cases will be mild, we just need to keep on top and take it serious if we’re told to self isolate.
Friend of mine was defrauded on his credit card so called to confirm that none of the purchases he made were his. One of them was for a large bill at Harvester. The bank made the point that the spending was in line with his own spending, and thus an argument broke out regarding whether he was the kind of man who would eat at Harvester. Typical banks; happy to dictate to you, their customer, what they think constitutes fraudulent spending of your money, but not willing to hear what you know actually is fraudulent spending of your money.
Not just Aldi - there were a remarkable number of enough shelves at Woolies when I went shopping this morning - a lot of canned food and dry stuff empty, or almost so.
Stupid people panicking for no reason. If areas get quarantined for a few weeks (or god forbid months) because this thing hits you'll be eating nothing but your words.
Who will be stupid then?
With the amount of money that has been donated, it's impossible that a cure for cancer hasn't been found yet. Personally, I think the cure must be hidden somewhere and only the wealthiest people can access to it. Its not like money could be mismanaged, or that cancer is simply incurable and the money is put to treatment research.
Ask Congressmen if they have visited Statue of Unity; have a big heart and visit Sardar Patel's memorial: PM Modi. @USER And stay empty stomach, jobless.
Anybody want to check /r/unitedkingdom to see if they have a shit fit about this traitorous act. Most Brits I know are fairly sound and if anything are more just uneducated about the not so nice parts of their history. Its them-uns up North that have a hard on for the Monarchy that I would be worried about.
Not to speak of the annoying/unprofessional service delivery. Staff bringing people in from the queue. Rowdy lobby, unorganised people. I’m really pissed. @USER  @USER this information about your service isn't cool o.
Greening Australia do a lot of good work. Thanks for pointing me that way!
Will check them out too.
The NFL manipulates it’s games just enough in order to get the best product out of their season because they are a business with billions of dollars on the line. This is just a fact?
@USER What a couple in films and what a cuple it would be in real life if married. @USER  @USER Nonsense.
Amitabh married Jaya out of his own volition on 3rd June 1973.
Do Anjane was released in 1976.
If only Rekha had some scruples...
Here lad. I've had a look through your post history, lots of posts about wanting to die. You need to get yourself some help. Proper help, the last thing you need is this cow making fun of the things you enjoys. No shame in going to therapy for a few sessions. 
I’ve done it myself times when everything seemed fine, and after some trauma. Turned out to be immensely useful for both periods.
Hi, we direct the majority of food / breakfast / look at my plate type posts to r/uk_food these days. 
I’ve removed this one. No problem!
I once left a neutral review at an italian restaurant. They tracked down my friend who made the booking, called HIS PARENTS and told them their entire extended family wouldn't be allowed back unless they convinced me to pull my review. If you don't like bad reviews, do something about your service or don't own a business. 
Still salty. URL 
check out this post.
End credits scene where sex offender Sonic comes at new Sonic and he screams "fuck!". Wait did that actually happen?
So BJP-RSS folk need to fear NSG ? Kinda contradictory no ? Has this guy any shame left.  He should be behind bars!
We got concessions on not having to join any EU army and that's why Lisbon 2 referendum existed. Thanks.
Honestly it doesn't look that good, it's hard to tell from a single picture but it looks very thin and overdone. Not a popular comment but I'm inclined to agree...
@USER I dont believe you just send me a rack and i will let you know. @USER  @USER ??? Me too.
It's a type of chemical to disinfect stuff. I don't know what exactly it's called. Not exactly healthy to breathe in though. On the assumption that everything is a chemical, can you elaborate?
no don't please. i was crushing over since she came. keep that chutiya away. You know there's something else that Trump family has in common with the Lannisters aside from the obsession with gold.
It's sad that she has to get out ahead of this because of scumbag tabloids. Her personal life should be off limits. Ugh. What are the tabloids saying?
What sort of Missus are you looking to replace her with? LOL! She's priceless, though she may not say the same about me.
I think it's a serious threat to our society. But I've known quite a few still think it's just a flu. > But I've known quite a few still think it's just a flu.
Genuine question (not being sarcastic): the listed symptoms for COVID are exactly the same as the symptoms I get when I have the flu. So why is this so much worse?
@USER #dontflyAIRFRANCE they loose your luggage and they dont care about it!!!!!!waiting since 26 OF JULYYYYY!!!! @USER  @USER I think we need to get a class action lawsuit against  @USER . There are hundreds of tweets complaining about the same thing.
another jobless bollywood sanghi found
 URL. Who knew the brother of Ekta Kapoor, the sanghis favourite TV producer, was a RW zombie. 
Tusshar (why there are two s in his name is beyond me) is a Akshay Kumar clan fixture. This was expected.
The cynic in me decided to take a peak at Adverts/Donedeal earlier to see if Irish folks were buying up masks/hand sanitiser for profiteering from a public health crisis. 
Price gouging confirmed. Dickheads be dickheads I suppose. Fuck all those people... I work in a pharmacy. We sold out of masks nearly a month ago and out of hand sanitiser last week. People have thrown a freaker every bloody day over it. 
We got extra hand sanitiser in and it's the stuff no one ever buys because it's like €15 cost price. It still sold. People will pay anything.
Any Sam Smith's. 1970s beer and 1990s prices. It's a shame the beer is mostly awful.
I’m feeling pretty down today ?? @USER Are you ok.
Coming to Cincinnati for a couple days tomorrow! Would love to know what to eat, please! @USER @sottocincy.
All these people who start feeling dizzy, nauseous after 30 kms of car ride with or without AC should be considered as weaker section human civilization and be barred from travelling. Kick them out.
Would it be a good idea to require would-be drivers to do a few months of cycling, before they were given driving licences? @USER Only on bendy country roads without a hard shoulder.
What do you propose he should do? I’m a fan of letting the coronavirus run rampant in the elderly community, they want a return to the good ol’ days, nothing will bring them closer to that period than rampant pathogens.
It's Reduce, Reuse, Recycle.  
They're ordered that way intentionally, with the most preferred option being reduce, and recycle being the least preferable out of these three options.
With that in mind, I am definitely doing my part, instead of recycling my Brita filter, I have opted for reusing the same one side many many moons ago. Oh I agree, we've reduced and we reuse the things we can. And I recognise that a Brita filter is mostly unnecessary, but given that we use one for now I was pleased to see they can be recycled (and ashamed to say we have binned them in the past due to our ignorance). We also use them for longer than it says on the pack.
@USER  @USER This is amazing! Would love to get these in the hands of some  @USER parents. @USER  @USER  @USER We 100% should do a fun taste testing with  @USER pet parents!
I always believed that Partitioned shouldn’t have happened and we should have been all living in one unified india. I am a Pakistani living in Los Angeles and have a lot of Indian friends. 
Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan. > Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan.
Well you should learn history of Pakistan and Bangladesh. Jinnah was right when he said Muslims and Hindus cannot live together but only half. Punjabi Muslims couldn't even peacefully live with Bengali Muslims and they had an entire country between them.
What was the first movie you saw at the cinema? @USER Jungle Book.
@USER Happy blessed birthday my boy. @USER  @USER ??❤.
Nothing to see here just a Chinese vessel mapping the ocean to prepare for a possible china America war. More likely looking for the undersea internet/other communication cables so they know where to cut if/when...
@USER Have a great safe day?????☕️☕️☕️. @USER Thank you Deacon.❤.
I once saw a documentary called the Iran Job. It followed a basketballs players journey and at the same time observing the social situation. A question was asked to a young lady on why she shouldn't leave Iran for a country say US. She said something like this..
"if I go abroad , I get freedom. But this freedom doesn't belong to me and I didn't try to get it. I want to be here and change the situation". Going by the state of Iran right now, he didn't change the situation.
I live in a lovely village but it's in Nadine Dorries: constituency. Help! Pro  European, climate, love and compassion. #Followbackfriday #HumanRights  #FBFriday. @USER Has she been back since she was elected?
@USER  @USER Any chance of remembering the Southern Hemisphere or will this just be the endless US tour again? @USER  @USER  @USER Always comes down to promoters. If someone puts up the money for a tour of that region, I'm sure the band would love it. With touring expenses these days, promoters have a lot more to risk with guarantees. Tricky business.
Panic buying. It’s the same in Canberra and Gundagai and Melbourne. Overbuying is a self fulfilling prophecy and will cause a food supply shortage. Not good. will wait until I hear that ScoMo has left the country for Hawaii before I panic buy anything.
@USER Seems to me that dry cleaning (women’s blouse v men’s shirt) is consistently more expensive and you can’t just decide to opt out and still have it cleaned. Is that not accurate that women are charged more? (Probably shoulda taken Ec10). @USER  @USER Dry cleaned vs laundry. Men's shirts with different buttons are also charged more than standard ahirt laundry.
@USER Sir, what have u started? @USER  @USER Coaching classes.
@USER SA rugby has a great vibe...people live and breathe in....newlands was special as well...glad I got to see a few games here. @USER Loved Newlands for cricket.  Not so much for the rugby.  Greenpoint is a much better location for the rugby.
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER No your so humble .unique .down  to earth Girl  podda.
I went off at my JobSearch provider. The one you’re with gets $500+ per jobseeker, only for them to be useless and I still had to find my own jobs anyway. I asked them “What exactly do you do?!”. 
I literally got no help from them and Centrelink pays them to help me! It’s literally a cash grab.
They told me I was rude for asking them what is their purpose?!
Here’s something they keep hush hush, its your right to choose your own JobSearch provider! If you aren’t happy with the support they give you, you can ask for a transfer to your chosen one. It's almost like just having one public job service provider run by the Commonwealth would work.  If there's no incentive for profit then the focus would naturally turn to "shock horror" actually finding work for jobseekers.
1)Get your dream recall up. This is the hardest part. You have to realize you’re dreaming so to do that you need to find Dream signs, common dream themes for you, etc. 
You can do this by keeping a dream journal. 
Also practice all day awareness. Ask yourself randomly if you’re dreaming throughout the day and perform dream checks. There are lots. The easiest and most discreet are the index finger through the palm (in dreams it goes through) and holding your nose and breathing which allows breathing in dreams. 
2) Practice different techniques. 
DILD-Dream induced. This one is the easiest but less reliable. By this point you should know some Dream signs (electronics malfunction, lights don’t work, words in books are strange, your mirrors reflection) and you just notice you’re dreaming. 
WILD- Probably the most reliable, but many people report Sleep paralysis with it.  It’s a wake induced LD. Essentially you time your sleep cycle just right and try to enter during REM or closer to it. 
There are others too FILD- Finger induced, DEILD- dream exit induced. There’s tons but those are probably the most common. 
3). You’re lucid!  But you’ll probably find the dream world instantly disappears or spins or you wake up (also look up false awakenings, those are fun). To do this you need to learn stabilization. 
So calm down and slowly spin around. This stabilized the dream for most people. Another one is to rub your hands together slowly. 
Think that’s about the basics. Don’t buy anything like masks.  They don’t work. Supplements have different effects for everyone. Melatonin helps me recognize my dreams but just because it makes them so vivid. How do you feel when you are having a lucid dream? I want to experiment it but I'm also scared of it.
I was on twitter just now and saw about uttam nagar. Came here to check if it's true. I'm glad it's not. Thanks u/neglectedsince1994. Take care.. Have a nice day. :)
Stay alert.
Well as an Irish man to you: thank you for taking those shitty jobs none of us want?? Hey if it wasn't for old Wojtek that works at the sketchy car mechanics down the road you wouldn't have passed the NCT.
I pass this nearly every day.
Have you seen the one with Greta and Jeremy Clarkson? Omg yes, and the one of the Prince (Philip, Charles?).
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Seriously right.  I only moved here 7 years ago, and that first summer was crazy with how many 40+ days we got in a row (which I hated).  But the last couple of summers are almost non-existent.
Hacking. r/technicallythetruth.
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Yes - there are some Muslim majority states like that. 
Albania, Bosnia are probably more secular than India. And to some extent Tunisia, Senegal and few CIS countries (like Azerbaijan).
Once again, the smart ass in my local Chinese restaurant put 2 forks in with my takeaway. Listen here dickhead, 2 portions doesn't necessarily mean 2 people. @USER The one without prongs is a knife.
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER  @USER will forever remain in my top 5.
From next season, the next generation Chevrolet Camaro will replace the Holden Commodore, while the next generation Mustang will line up for Ford. Much of Australia’s recent history has been tied up in the ‘Ford Vs Holden’ rivalry, with households split evenly for a long time. So sad to see it go!
Red Dead Redemption 2. Without spoiling too much it just felt way too personal and I’m still not over it. Before playing it, I knew how it was going to end, but I still cried, I felt that Arthur deserved the best.
The lack of communist women in this thread is apparent. Kaha gyi woh? She promised articles on healthcare and her lesbian sex story u/Meraxes373.
Whats your favourite  Queen song ? @USER Breakthru, Innuendo and Keep Passing the Open Windows.
Same thing happened to me. 
I eventually found a stash under the sink. 
So nice to have the windows and doors open today. Just checked under the sink
No luck.
Yea-no. I have no sympathy. You could have sold locally and avoided this (tbh no one knew it was going to happen), but like EVERY investment; it's never 100% secure. Wow. Someone has a case of tall poppy syndrome. 
If you had an ounce of economic knowledge then you would have sympathy for this AUSTRALIAN business....
Coronavirus is so obviously a biological weapon from the Chinese government and nobody is seriously talking about it. China has a long history of market and currency manipulation. Who could have possibly predicted that the media buzzing about a global pandemic would cause markets to crash as we move towards another election? But there was another Coronavirus in 2008.
I'm always in surprised to find muslims in the BJP at the first place. Despite the kind of venom spread by the parties top leadership. There are many one in the ministry of minority affairs(Naqvi), another is national Spokesperson(Ansari), and there is another who was discriminated against at a rally in Delhi Rally on 22 December(Ilmi).
What an absolute load of garbage. I read those books as a kid. They were great. Not even close. The most disappointing trailer since... well... cant remember the last time I was so disappointed.
I would sit down, but not before I used the miniature Swiss Army knife I keep on my keys to cut the sign down. Let’s be honest, it’s not a council sign so it’s essentially a piece of litter. And I’m sure many in Abingdon would be glad to see it gone and have the bench available for sitting again. I mean just look at the queue of people deprived of silent bench time.
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER I'm a wait and see.
Drake. His music doesnt seem so good in my opinion. It is just bland and the same.
@USER Hi, we have replied to you via direct message. Please check for more details. Thank you. @USER Just getting replies only and not getting support for the same.
@USER Fantastic Elaine. Congratulations to the young man ⭐? @USER Thanks so much Donna.
I’m probably going to be downvoted for having my own opinion, but I disagree. I loved their recent program about their DNA and family history. They can be quite funny but more so their banter is fun to watch. They’re just two typical Northern blokes who’ve been best mates since they were kids and it’s nice to see. I liked them for a few years, but then Saturday Night Takeaway started getting repetitive. Ant nearly killing a child was the final nail in the coffin for me.
The guy accused of cheating at chess using vibrating anal beads might also explain Irish dancing. @USER Jaysus ?
Divorcees often go to counseling to heal from a divorce, but what about their children? Please consider them during and after a divorce, even if they seem to be doing fine. @USER One of r neighbors for whom Kate used to babysit got herself frequent counseling,but was dismissive when Kate told her that her son&amp;daughter could use some help to—it really showed.
They’ve both turned out to be great young adults but it would’ve been great if they’d suffer less.
Download oyo app.
Search a hotel.
Book it.
I don't know this may work.
OYO app may crash on seeing an Indian with a foreign girlfriend. Do it at your own risk. They told me we can't book a same room.
Not to mention the ID issues.
as a non irishmun would anyone care to tell me just what a yoke is and why he's grand? My best interpretation is that it's a stolen car and so there's some kind of insurance effective against that? Yoke just means a "thing", you can call anything a yoke, in this context it means the car. Grand just means "OK" or "good". He's more or less sayin "the car was robbed its alright".
@USER If I’ve read the press notes correctly doesn’t he get free coffee for a year or something for being there first? @USER That's right. Still, very impressive.
Depends on how the shipper sends it.   If they send it via post, then Aust Post handles it here.    But if they use a courier service like DHL or Fed Ex, then they handle it all the way to your door.
Most couriers will not deliver to a post box either. ahh ok, that's a shame. thanks for the insight.
They lactate bro, that's all. Just make them more animalistic like nipples.
SAD NEWS!

SP Founder Mulayam Singh Yadav (82) passes away,after being critically ill.

Wait! I know many will pounce on me for offering condolences to someone who got Karsevaks Fired at in Ayodhya in 1990,who was into Minorities Appeasement,was Corrupt etc! REMEMBER THAT.
1)It was Mulayam Singh who made Nuclear Deal possible with US in 2008 when Leftists withdrew support from UPA to Stop Bharat's Develop.
2)It was Mulayam who diverted SP Votes to Modi Ji in 2019 elections

Mulayam definitely Wasn't AHMED PATEL to say Good Riddance!
I think I am the last of a dying breed. I much prefer bar soap, as opposed to liquid soap. @USER ???
A nicely brewed Yorkshire tea !! That sentence contains a logical contradiction.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Melbourne is winter, winter, winter, winter as far as I'm concerned.
Legos and marbles on the ground everywhere. Fingers crossed he’s a barefoot killer. Depending on the shoe the LEGO blocks will still penetrate through.
Is amazon reading whatsapp messages or Google keep notes?
I'm getting ads (in Boost) of the couple of things that were on the list to buy for household saamaan.. The list had five things.
Or it's just a coincidence they have lightening deals going on. Cookies. Every companies is sharing your data.
Hey I hope you get better soon anyway. Thanks.
The Clothes Show. Was that I’m after Antiques roadshow? Maybe it was a Sat? Also, Time Team, I  feel like it should’ve been Sun night if it wasn’t. > The Clothes Show. Was that I’m after Antiques roadshow?
IIRC it was on Sundays, but at like 3 or 4 pm?
EDIT: Close. It was 5pm in 1993!
It wasn't a train lol...small maintenance vehicle, but it messed up a lot of train lines. I guess it had the same sort of effect.
Mr  @USER please there are indications that you have been included as Spokesman in the campaign team for ObiDatti, I need you to confirm this bcos u are my spokesperson. @USER  @USER Is there another list ?
Was it supposed to be snake? Or does "sanke" mean something? It’s supposed to be snake. I saw the trend on Twitter.
@USER Is that a full Irish? @USER Lacking a potato cake.
@USER Carly may Kavanaugh again? Need to reach out to her employers. Ridiculous apology. She’s only sorry she’s been outed. Disgusting. @USER  @USER Sorry, did you just suggest trying to get someone fired?
Lol Christmas Island is like next to Indonesia, hardly next to WA. Look at the tracking diagram in the article.
It conducted some mapping near Christmas Island, then came further south near WA.
Question for people older than me: Were the left always such unutterable pieces of garbage, or have they gotten a lot worse in recent years? @USER They’ve gotten a lot worse.
@USER Hi Arshil Ahmad,
Greetings for the day ! 
We apologize for the inconvenience caused. We would like to inform you that the shipment is forwarded to delivery team and we have intimated the destination team to arrange for the delivery on priority. kindly wait ! @USER Courier delivered ho gya.
Giving your 2 year old fake guns, cracking parent. Looks about right for the area anyway. Dont you know that its the oppressive society that forces them to be scumbags ?   Just like being poor forces people to spend all their money on alcohol and cigarettes.
I went there about 10 years ago. Costs about £20 to go in and it's just a greenhouse. Completely agree. It's just a fairly posh garden centre where you can't buy any of the plants.
The only redeeming feature was the unbelievable size of the slice of cake I got from the cafe at the end. I actually didn't need any dinner.
Communist pretend to be faithful but they are committed to annihilate faith based mindsets  @USER has evil intent just observe his eyes,his pride,his justifications of such evils,always his way,hurtful without care—consequences that we all have been punished hurt.. —&amp; crippled by.This man has no right to call himself a leader of a population of this Vic’t state of Australia  @USER has led 6M souls into debt misrepresented values that are fooled felled &amp; flat lined.
It's so important to post your content to other platforms for growth. You're not going to grow by just streaming constantly and not branching out. @USER ? % FACTS!!!!
@USER  @USER 10. @USER  @USER  @USER OMG,u Robot.
It's sad that these people died.
But I think it's inappropriate to romanticise them, as often happens.  Some of them were linked to particularly horrible attrocities against civilians.
They weren't in my view political prisoners any more than the UDA or UVF were. +1!
‘It’s hard to believe I’m walking through the first ever city. Because I’m not. That’s in Iraq, which is miles away. And fucking dangerous.’. @USER I watched this last night. It was so funny.
>It was conservatively valued at about $330 million but would probably be  worth more if sold to a property developer. This could allow the ABC to  consider a more affordable location such as Parramatta in Greater  Sydney for its headquarters, the sources said.
We now know how big the next budget cut will be . . . And most of that gets spent setting to the new joint. Ingenious plan.
None of the above. Just a normal girl. I got to touch an elephant. What a thrill. I’ve never done this. Adding it to my bucket list. Elephants are so majestic.
Government to Scientists: urine trouble. Hands where I can see them. /r/punpatrol requesting backup.
@USER He’s correct Colin. @USER  @USER It wont get through Wm and if it does it'll just increase UK economic woes. NI will lose southern and EU trade even without border customs.
@USER The RL bubble scene needs a little bit more than the one of the other esports in my bed. @USER  @USER Unreal dedication to the esport @Gregan.
Unfortunately, this feels like a r/agedlikemilk post waiting to happen. I kinda want there to be a /r/ragedlikemilk subreddit where people post fights where someone was angry in a limp, dairy sort of way, with people mixing up the subreddits and posting to each other by mistake.
Are you Afraid to fly? I am. @USER Only when my arms are tired.
@USER A beautiful partial melanistic Leopard. There is another partial melanistic one at Pench -Madhya Pradesh too ? @USER Good info.
I’ve been quoted €15,000 to remove/deactivate an old oil system with “gun-barrel” pipe work and replace it with a new gas system with combi boiler. I’d look at air source heat pumps. Looks like they will be doing away with gas soon.
>    classic tv jingles: Hastings Direct, Calgon
As a 50 year old Brit, I can tell you I have no idea what those sound like.
I could tell you what Shake’n’Vac does though. Yeah get them to do the R White's Lemonade jingle..
...so I don't have the security of large life savings. On top of this, I have depression and ASD which add to the challenges. I went to @UTAS_'s mental health support program for HDR students, but it was mostly teaching us about mindfulness - which I appreciate, but... 2/3. ...I'm already practising due to the mental illnesses. I think what would really help is, while we do impactful research, an expected full time load, we should be financially supported adequately in line with the increase cost of living so we don't spread ourselves too thin. 3/3.
Spoon and Fork. KFC Spork?
Wasn't India the top team in the 40s-60s? > The Indian men's hockey team has climbed a rung to the fourth position, their highest since the inception of the FIH world rankings in 2003, in the recently released chart.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. That shit is magic. Clears you right up!
Who wants another Badscandal Glen power release? @USER Yesssssss ?
@USER good l o r d. @USER I like pins ?
Less of “one that got away” and “I had to let her go,” I had to break up with my girlfriend of a year because I’m severely depressed and needed to work on myself without dragging her into it. I wanted to remain friends, but she cut me off. I really really miss her, dude. I've been there myself, both sides. I'm glad you were able to recognize and make the hard decision. It sucked and hurt like Hell but it was the best choice.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER सही कहा आपने, भारतीय न्याय प्रणाली की कमजोरी के चलते उन्हें अभी तक न्याय नहीं मिल सका।।
देर से मिला न्याय भी अन्याय होता है।
9 वर्षो में एक बार भी जमानत या पेरोल तक नहीं मिली।।
अन्याय की पराकाष्ठा है।।.
"“TDs and Senators were given blank nomination forms at this week’s parliamentary party meeting. They had to sign them and hand them back. The National Executive then decided which candidates to select, filling in names on the pre-signed documents”
"
>Tweet publisher: Seamusdo. If this happened within Sinn Fein, we’d never hear the end of it.
Just reinforces the need for change.
Here's an article with more information:  URL 
>“As noted by the conservation officer, the polychromatic geometrical design has a resonance with the late Victorian architecture which is the predominant character of this part of the city centre conservation area and is considered to be an enhancement of the conservation area setting.”. > polychromatic geometrical design has a resonance with the late Victorian architecture 
Ahh yes, the classic Victorian aesthetic of Duplo.
@USER What app is this so I can never install it. @USER Fitbit.
? back at it again with another #FeatureFriday ?

today we want to know: what feature would you love to see from Twitter Blue?

reply below if there’s something else you want to see ? @USER The badge would be interesting. I’m sticking with #TwitterBlue regardless. ?
Guy is my longtime fb friend. Very measured and rational person. Goes to show what happens to you if you criticize the PM or his riotous followers if you don't have any political backing and you live in BJP ruled state. Lately Barak Valley has become a lot more intolerant.
@USER So sorry to hear of the tragic loss of a beautiful child to suicide. @USER Thank you Barbara.
Wow! Maureen Lipman on lbc states “the Queen’s death has United the country including the Corbynistas and people live in the real world”
What a classless comment. @USER Utter fantasy.
@USER VERY glad they aren't mine!!! ? @USER  @USER Been Killing time.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ✋.
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? I'm gonna tell you what I told my other bhakt friends. You want conservative politics and care about a specific religion? Go ahead. I don't give a fuck. But is that all you are doing? Or are you(and BJP) spreading hate, discrimination and advocating for your group  over/at the expense of another? There is a difference between the two.
@USER Good win against a very average Wexford team. Subs &amp; fitness were the difference. FB line quite poor though. Wexford denied a stone wall penalty at the end. Both Clare midfield taken off too. Won't be good enough in the semi. @USER  @USER Twas no penalty! Watch replay u see at least 2 clare backs ar there.
Is it done by eye, weight, scoops or just to the fill line in a certain box/container? In the UK if you market it as an "80 piece" they can and will get in trouble if they supply the weights and measure inspector with less. But the inspections aren't that common and the "trouble" isn't that bad but, it does exist.
What an evil little tool. In the article they said his lawyer is claiming his behaviour wasn't entirely his fault because of his autism...I'm autistic and cannot stand that kind of language, he decided to rape and murder her because he wanted to, that's all there is to it. > I'm autistic and cannot stand that kind of language, he decided to rape and murder her because he wanted to, that's all there is to it.
I totally agree with you.
@USER Just think you’re off work and he’s still working and was probably up at 4 am to do the milking all so you can have food &amp; milk in your house. ? ? ? @USER  @USER Well put!
You are a gift that will help fulfill a special purpose and fill someone's heart and life... God will bring it together - Trust Him! @USER Hallelujah Amen ? ? ?
@USER They are a pain in the hoop. @USER Usually end up sticking the fork or knife into them and squeezing sauce out.
An amazing bloke, his reports from Aleppo should be compulsory listening.
Edit: just bookmarked that episode on BBC Sounds. Brilliant- ill check them out.
the problem with EAs is that they hold some of the largest vegan conferences in the world, but also think that at least some of the time, the market is the solution. 

this gives bad vibes to everyone. @USER If you view eating animals as a negative externality, or animal welfare as a public good (or both), then the free market is not the solution.
@USER Good morning bro have a great one. @USER Likewise fam.
I'm waiting for the day when he messages, 'This Sunday, thinking of giving up my position as the Prime Minister of India. Will keep you all posted.'. I hope his downfall is not dignified. It should not be that easy for him that he just steps down just like that.
@USER Too early for that Frank! @USER Too kind ?
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER Happy Birthday , what a wonderful family ❤️❤️❤️.
My Mom died. 
I just lost my best friend. I don’t know how to handle this. @USER Understand,BE STRONG!!
@USER Next up the 747? ? @USER No point. We don’t move enough of them. We have some contractors to use on the occasion they come up.
#IndvsSA 3rd ODI New Delhi
The Sun is finally out The clouds have dispersed The chances of play brightens subject to condition of the pitch &amp; ground 
The empires will survey the ground &amp; the pitch at 1 PM to decide
Let's wait &amp; watch. #IndiavsSouthAfrica 3rd ODI New Delhi
Start of match has been delayed due to wet ground conditions Even toss has not taken place
Let's wait &amp; watch.
@USER  @USER  @USER Vic Secret?? @USER  @USER  @USER Most likely.
@USER Did no one at #cpfc plan for the inevitability of this? @USER You would hope someone might have done. Risk assessment and all that.
>but how can we after sports rorts?
Pretty easily if the last 6 years are anything to go by. An electorate getting all the leadership it richly deserves.
Pity about those in dissent.
(2/4)…the Navy has been involved in more than ten major conflicts and countless smaller battles to ensure security, democracy and prosperity for the American people and for the international community. (3/4)  Best wishes for a Happy 247th Birthday to the Unites States Navy and thank you to the awesome Sailors and Veterans who have manned her ships and stations, and to the ever-faithful Families who have enabled them to serve!
that’s a harsh reality check on hindus, most won’t take nicely. Not sure why she would say this as a political leader she has to ask for votes. Not all politicians say whatever they have to say just for the votes. Some have actual cajones and know when they have to speak up.
NO ONE should EVER be shamed because they want to know their biological family. This includes adopted/fostered people, donor conceived people, as well as anyone who was not given a chance to meet their bio family - for whatever reason. @USER  @USER Completely agree. It’s so important to us.
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The criminal years!
@USER "Lock Up your Sons &amp; Daughters..". @USER  @USER Well definitely your sons.
@USER Hot at home and iced if goin to starbucks. @USER Black or cream ?
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. Setting a good example. Congrats.
@USER You obviously have an amazing daughter⭐️. @USER 2 suns and 3 daughters… all great Christina!
What van would be acceptable for you? 
WE know what a Union flag is you patronising twat. A van from a British company. That would be acceptable.
@USER surprised by all the non-pot hole talk. some so big today they could eat my bike. @USER  @USER I should have tuned in - I have so many feelpinions about potholes.
My ex has the highest chance of dating me so caught feelings at your own risk. @USER ?? cant stand u.
It's a perpetual cycle. with only politicians as beneficiaries. "The cycle ends here. We must be better than this"
I hope this is what people think. I know most won't but I still hope.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER contributors have permission to use  @USER heatmaps I believe. I regularly use the heatmaps for figuring out hiking routes. No reason you couldn't identify good cycling roads too though you would likely need additional data sources for traffic volumes, lanes, etc. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Feel free to join  @USER discussion forums to discuss more if desired. ?

#MapYourWorld #RotharRoads #OpenStreetMap.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER Enough's enough give us a break.
It's great for the environment and people who live out in the bush. But being realistic, it's only a short break from when the season resumes. This is the new normal. It's only how much of it is uncontrollable. Is there anything left to burn?
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ✋?
>So I know I'm pretty old now 
It's not 
you are doing great.
Am sure you won't wish to marry just for the sake of it.
I hope you embrace your life n do what you love to.
It's this patriarchal malice that assholes ingrain in females to get marry at the earliest, I wish someday u will flush this out.
And most importantly hoping that  u find LOVE, the UNCONDITIONAL one. Thank you so much. I will keep looking!
And yes patriarchy and all this pressure sucks!
Dying very quickly. Them tents are expensive. Cheaper than rent.
hermes is worst, they are thieving cunts lol. Not experienced that ... Yet. Is Hermes really that bad?
I am a germophobe and ATMs and shopping trolleys definitely make me uncomfortable. Then you don't want to think about bus and train poles, public bathroom doors/knobs (like Central station) and 711 hot dogs!
I’d pay your mother to have sex with me. Then I would invest the remaining 7 dollars. Lmaooo.
There is a great deal of research done on the efficacy of homeopathy, and you can google some meta studies on the subject. From my experience, (and the studies support this), homeopathy works on several ailments that main stream medicine has difficulty in treating, like respiratory diseases such as asthma, especially in children. It also has shown to be effective in reducing discomfort and pain from the side effects of cancer treatments like chemo, removal of warts without surgery, etc. 
The problem occurs when some homeopaths make outlandish claims on its cures. Homeopathy has its place in treating several chronic problems, but if people start believing it can cure cancers and the like, then they will run into major problems. So look at homeopathy as an effective alternative to some ailments that cause discomfort which main stream medicine cannot cure. But looking at it as an effective and complete alternative to allopathy will mean one will do so at one’s own peril. However, there is always the problem of finding an experienced and effective homeopath, since so many of them are just not upto the mark. Link a peer reviewed journal for these claims please.
A Day In The Life or Baba O’ Riley? @USER Beatles.
Bring the bread with you and try every toaster. I almost got chucked out of Curry's when I suggested this last time.
The idea of superpowers has been around for a long time. A google search show the Poper Puff Girls was created in the 90s. But comicbooks have been around for a while. Marvel had comics during WW2, and DC comics was made in 1934 my a US Major in the army. 
The idea of superpowers, supernatural powers, and powers given to humans by god, has existed for thousands of years. We can't really say who created these ideas first. But, we can say that it wasn't the creator of the Power Puff Girls, sorry. Thats your realistic and correct information but like you're still wrong.
@USER What do you do when your dick is angry? @USER Beat it into submission…..
I work in the industry, whoever gets to run these buses is going to be insanely rich. 
The first thing that will suffer is hygiene. It will be a good friend of the LNP.
@USER HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH. @USER Hahahahaah.
God wasted a fine asshole when he put teeth in Tushar Kapoor's mouth. WTF. This comment had me rolling. Lol. Dude!!!
So my roommate just got back from a skiing trip in Andorra two days ago and now has a dry cough, fever and fatigue. 
She called out of work sick but won't call the GP till the morning. She saids she doesn't feel too bad since it's no worse than a cold. 
And she's not exactly being over the top with the whole hand washing thing. Oh, and she works in pharma . We're fucked lads! She should self-isolate for three weeks at least. Anything else is irresponsible. Show her this post!
hermes is worst, they are thieving cunts lol. Not experienced that ... Yet. Is Hermes really that bad?
Politics is ruthless. Who has imagined, in Mumbai, there would be two Shiv Sena's Dushera rallies &amp; Balasaheb Thackeray's son Uddhav Thackeray who is also president of Shiv Sena will have to be also asked to prove his father &amp; grand father founded party is the real Shiv Sena. @USER Nobody doubts that, the revolt is against his incompetentancy and lack of leadership skills leading to downfall of thier legacy...
@USER Good morning young Lee. @USER Happy Thursday Blackstar.❤.
What you mean? All the shits and worms from my Ganga snan is not enough to protect me?!  O_o. Some parts of ganga are more raw sewage than river water, nothing is gonna get purified.
@USER Good morning. @USER Happy Sunday Michael, I hope you're taking it easy ??
I buy UHT milk despite what people say about it, it tastes creamier to me and I probably use 1 litre every 2 weeks. I live on coke zero so other than the rare times I have cereal or a coffee I drink none. I used UHT for years when I lived a long way from a shop.  Never had a problem with it. I used to get through a liter a day in coffees though.
Even though 1 offender is too many, to put this in perspective: There are over 11,000 police officers in Queensland, 84 officers is less than 1% of officers. If the problem under-reported and actually 10 times worse, that's still only about 7% of the police force. ACAB retards will still think it's the entire police force, the abuse thing is the same as all other shit. Some muslims did some terrorist shit but it doesn't make every muslim a terrorist. Some weebs like the kiddie shit but it doesn't make all weebs pedos. Some cops are cunts but it doesn't make them all cunts. Everytime I see ACAB I instantly picture some filthy bogan living of welfare lol.
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER ?? Definitely hope it gets better from here MC!!
Wrong question. Western cities have a dramatically higher per-capita civic spend. Indian cities get by on a fraction of those budgets. 
You wont claim that Bill Gates is more environment friendly than you because he makes space for a 100 trees in his home. 
Western cities 'look' beautiful because they can afford massive budgets to maintain them. Indian cities dont have the luxury so everything is utilitarian. This is such a bullshit argument. Beauty isn't spending money on ornate 17th century French design. It's about good workmanship, carefully made and executed plans, ergonomics, clean and comforting colour choices etc.
Hell, some of this can be enforced with municipal codes and regulation.
Brutalism has been a fashion choice for the past few decades all over the world and India still takes the cake on ugly.
The materials we use right now can absolutely be used to make beautiful buildings. Just get better quality labour and spend some money on a competent architect.
Cluster headaches are some dose. 
Had everything checked and all grand, but they really know how to knock the shite out of ye. It’s a pretty intense jolt. @USER Did you try eliminating sugar from your diet , it worked for my sister she was getting desperate migraines.
Over 80% of real estate purchases in developed markets are backed by a mortgage

New marginal buyers are being pushed away due to higher mortgage rates coupled with the increase in house prices

Real estate is by far the biggest asset class in the world

Look at the big picture. @USER They say in USA is 40% free and clear.
This is literally just click bait, I mean look at that title, its an article just to make people angry.
I mean, we have embassy's of Saudi Arabia, Iran, Afghanistan ect, all of which execute people for being gay. Why are we not outraged at them? Many, many other countries also imprison gays and we still have ties with them. What about countries accused of war crimes and genocide? 
The only thing in this article that makes it any different is that a well known highly disliked conservative Australian has helped in the process of setting it up. The embassies you listed are acknowledged by DFAT as official embassies but the acceptance of an embassy isn't a sanction of that nations conduct by any government anyway. This "consulate" is not recognised by DFAT and is self designated. Notice that the premier or any ministers of the government aren't present. The consulate will be nothing more than a phone number and a part time receptionist and given Barundi's importance and relevance, I doubt there will be much for them to do.
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. In the US, sure. No other country in the world makes such a profit on healthcare.
@USER Hi, we don't want you to have such unpleasant experience with us. We will connect with you at the earliest. @USER I'm still waiting guys.
Gotta say when #ETHGate dropped I was about at the same place  @USER is. He makes many valid points in thread.

However, William Hinman certainly accepted bribes. It’s CLEAR. 

My 3 biggest holdings are $XRP, $ADA, &amp; $ETH and I refuse to take sides. They all win. @USER  @USER Calling out government corruption and manipulation does not mean you have to take sides with a particular digital asset Ben..?
It’s the law that since ancient times when a woman becomes a grandmother for the first time, she instantly acquires one of those ceramic hens sat on a nest for the purpose of storing eggs. I keep batteries in ours.... Its our battery hen.
While Prince Harry fights the tabloids that destroyed his mother and abused his wife, his brother Prince William works with the same tabloids to fight his SIL and offers his children pictures to keep the same tabloids happy… The Windsor Princes. @USER Harry seems to be constantly unhappy. I don’t understand why he’s not living his best life with all that privilege.
Red Dead Redemption 2. Without spoiling too much it just felt way too personal and I’m still not over it. Before playing it, I knew how it was going to end, but I still cried, I felt that Arthur deserved the best.
Are there any Indian colleges/unis (apart from IIT/IISc/NIT), who, despite the outdated curriculum, are going all out and making sincere efforts in making sure the students are learning the latest developments in their chosen fields? Not sure if this is what you wanted to know but the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India is decent in this regard. Of course it isn't perfect and has lots of flaws but still the course itself is pretty decent.
Combine that with the fact that we have to undergo 3 years of compulsory Articleship (internship) under a qualified CA makes the course more practical oriented. We work in actual CA firms doing most of the work for the CAs. It's a pretty decent model.
@USER Fab news. Comhghairdeachas. ??? @USER Appreciate it Miriam just glad he absolutely loves Medicine.
Shocking. I cannot absorb this. This pun made me recoil in disgust.
Sorry to dampen your spirit.
I once left a neutral review at an italian restaurant. They tracked down my friend who made the booking, called HIS PARENTS and told them their entire extended family wouldn't be allowed back unless they convinced me to pull my review. If you don't like bad reviews, do something about your service or don't own a business. 
Still salty. URL 
check out this post.
That Stanley Kubrick faked the moon landing and also that he was "taken out" for making Eyes Wide Shut. You really think he was killed for revealing that humans have secret super powers?
The world is ending 
Change my mind. The world has been through far worse with less tech and a smaller population. 
We’ll be fine. 
Till climate change cuts a lot of us down. And still, we’ll be fine.
@USER Have a great day Lana ?? @USER Thank you Pat, you too ? ?
Goodness me. They look outstanding. Please tell me there is lashinngs of gravy to dunk them in. Thank you!! Indeed there was :).
I’m currently in 4 Twitter threads: 1. the correct pronunciation of Dockers recruits’ surnames; 2. the packaging of craft beer; 3. how good is Tassie seafood; and weirdest of all, 4. which of Matt Berry or Noel Fielding would be better as an overacting parody Lord Byron. ⚓️???‍♂️. That’s my life now. ?‍♂️#foreverfreo #craftbeer #scallopsoysters #tassieseafood #madbadanddangeroustoknow.
A Cause Des Garcons by Yelle it's a French Dance/Electro pop song i randomly found
The name translates to Because of the boys. not that bad.
बस इतना पूछना है साहब कि शव यात्रा में अगर कोई गलती से 'राम नाम सत्य है' बोल दे तो उसे गोली तो नहीं मार दी जाएगी ? @USER  @USER यह तो कल ही मालूम होगा....जय श्री राम.
Good that we are detecting them at least. That's better than not detecting them.
This   "east of ireland" thing is bullshit though. Now I have to go off to   twitter to find out where this is. It would be much better to just issue   a postcode or general area. I don't even need to know more than that   right now, but "east of ireland" is bullshit. And Holohan has the  arrogance to say hse.ie  is a "one stop shop" and "Social media is NOT a place to go for  information to go to figure out how to deal with this virus"? The idiot  is forcing me to go to social media because he won't tell us the general  area this person has been living and working in the last few days.
 URL 
Edit:  I see  Dr Tony Holohan said we have tested 397 people so far.  That's a  pretty good increase since 2 days ago when I think it was 90.  To me  that's helps raise my confidence in the hse a bit.
 URL 
Edit  2: Then Holohan goes and says " he does NOT believe it likely that  there are more cases than the two currently known in the Republic of  Ireland". That takes away from my confidence in the HSE. Why is he  allowing himself to make guesses? He should stick to providing hard  accurate information. Let the politicians handle the positivity.
 URL 
Edit 3: look at the level of detail they have about the outbreak in Singapore. This comes from their health authority giving accurate, precise information to their people.
 URL. Where is it?
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER You’re on the wind up here.
Too slow to travel ban Iran, unfortunately. They should have done it as soon as it was clear that Iran couldn't deal with their outbreak. As a result of the delay, returnees from Iran have already led to 2 AU cases and 1 NZ case. Weird how in yesterday's post on here the 2nd highest upvoted comment was how the government was racist for announcing the travel ban on Iran but now people are complaining it's too late?
 URL.
@USER Just wait until people don’t hit on them ? @USER Lmfao I’m definitely muting all of it.
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Then they wouldn’t really be Muslims living devoid of any influence from the Quran or Islamic teachings, I sincerely hope you don’t assume that all the Quran and Islamic teachings are bad and cause mayhem. Also I don’t think you get the meaning of the word secular by the way you framed the question, secular doesn’t mean abandonment of religion in regards to individual practice but that law should not be based on religious teachings which have no basis in fact, i.e. ban on cow slaughter or blasphemy laws 
I won’t say islamophobia but the way your question is phrased astounds me, can Muslims be secular? Go ask that to all the Muslims protesting to remove a religious delineation on a law. Smh.
NO ONE should EVER be shamed because they want to know their biological family. This includes adopted/fostered people, donor conceived people, as well as anyone who was not given a chance to meet their bio family - for whatever reason. @USER  @USER Completely agree. It’s so important to us.
I only remember 3 things from this:
1) The kids finding bones and talking about them while crying or something.
2) Something involving a goat.
3) The theme tune in its entirety. How can you not recall the episode where the magic lipstick makes girls kiss him...even his sister ?
@USER Why does Monica look like she could have joined B*witched? @USER Some people say I look like me dad.
I know it’s dumb but I’m truly convinced Jar Jar Binks was supposed to be the villain of the Star Wars prequels but George Lucas changed it at the last minute. He actually did because people hated jar jar.
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. If they had the capacity for reason, they wouldn't be bhakts. Save your time, ignore him.
Sorry RTÉ but with two SA teams I have to switch to the SA commentary. See you at half time.

#STOvBUL. @USER The SA commentary has just announced that the referee is Irish.  Great.
Reminder Brexit really wasn’t about a US trade deal, it wasn’t really about an economic doctrine. It was really about believing your nation state is where the highest form of govt should lie. It was basically about democracy. @USER So we're left living in a country that thinks we have democracy under this Government.  Sinking in league tables, no real trade deals, the pound sinking, rates up - high inflation  - freedom of movement lost - I see nothing good!  A  dictatorial country for the rich. Wake up!
On leave until Thursday -  @USER and I are going to cabin retreat in Daylesford for a few days for some R&amp;R ?️. @USER  @USER Will need to see the happy snaps.
@USER OK, this is how you get disappointed as a fan. You got to be realistic. Tennessee is a good team. But they aren't a top-5/top-10 team. You will beat Florida (42-24). You will beat LSU (45-30). You will lose to Alabama (38-27). You will lose to Georgia (42-20). Ten win season. ? @USER We are literally the #11 team in the nation as we speak. If we beat LSU and Florida, we will be a top 5 team. 

I'm good with that. But I don't understand why anyone thinks we can't beat Bama. Texas had them beat and our offense is WAY better than Texas.
He's not getting outta Tinder though. Keep looking, chicks wink wink. Grinder is more of his thing.
My company have basically said we can work from home if we feel safer doing so... but only with our direct manager's approval.
But no one has the stones to make the first move on my team. Plenty of other teams have people at home now. But my team get the vibe our manager would be a bit shit if we started.
Honestly I would definitely feel safer. I can work 100% remote, and my office is  giant open plan with nearly 1000 people who are constantly travelling for work, so if this actually kicks off it'll be a fair nightmare for spreading. Just bite the bullet and ask better safe than sorry worst they can say is no.
You can just say fuck. We know what the f*ck you're saying.
The system IS broken. This crap government has no oversight - it is the one good thing they’ve done: shown us we need a backup plan for when the Govt and GG fail us. But yes, change the flag too. The lack of oversight has nothing to do with constitutional monarchism. What an odd suggestion. 
An independent corruption body can be implemented in any system.
Trained or untrained? Trained. For maximum efficiency.
All these people who start feeling dizzy, nauseous after 30 kms of car ride with or without AC should be considered as weaker section human civilization and be barred from travelling. Motion sickness hai... If she has been diagnosed by a doctor before ask her to take the damn meds before traveling not when she starts feeling nauseous
If not... I don't know if there are over the counter drugs for the same or not...
Not defending her or anything but probably not nakhre... Somedays it happens... Maybe an underlying medical condition , maybe a bad day for her body... Just saying.
i barely take care of the twitter crew so fuck it, will choose 5 people who like this post &amp; give them $10,000 USD each when i wake up, will post who I choose &amp; why. @USER Liked ?
@USER But have you tried magnesium though? ? @USER (Joke - it doesn’t work either).
@USER the umbrella! lmao. @USER Legit downpour.
Public Figures who Mysteriously Died, Inside Jobs, Russian Intel, Voting Recounts, The Clintons, and as always, White People. Bonus upvote if you understand the reference of the last category.
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER C. 12MP

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy.
What sort of screening did they do? Blood tests?
There is no screening happening on flights to/from Ireland. The focus is currently on ensuring travellers are informed and having people self-report concerns. Probably an ocular patdown.
Schofield “It was one of the most profound moments of my life” Also Schofield “We did not pass the coffin and were there in a purely professional capacity” ? #ThisMorning. @USER BULLSHIT.
@USER  @USER I rate this tweet, hopefully we’re saying at the end of the year that the change in coach has resulted in significant improvement for all of them. For me, I’ve been most concerned about Zach Reid and Nik Cox, these are players that could have enormous upside. @USER  @USER  @USER Tall players take time to develop. Takes time for them to build their bodies as they are usually string beans as youngsters.
@USER Wait…so am I! @USER  @USER every time i feel bad about myself i remember he's two years older than i am.
This nation doesn't have proper infrastructure facilities for athletes.
Even my home ground Indira ghandi municipal stadium was spoiled by meetings conducted by cheif minister from the time of NARA CHANDRA BABU NAIDU until now that was until YS JAGAN MOHAN REDDY. I will wait patiently until my day 
Currently I was an underdog without a district medal
Definitely I will win Olympic gold and silver or bronze and I will be the fastest man on earth

I WILL WAIT UNTIL MY DAY.
@USER Veganizing haggis*. @USER Thank you for recorrecting autocorrect.
Dont they print them in the local free rag anymore? Seeing your comment made me realise , I don't get a free local paper. Think it's all online :(.
OK, who else can I offend? @USER The french. They always deserve it.
@USER Was gonna tank this next expac but to my surprise I might be going heals instead if my old guild gets back up! Never healed before but I welcome the new challenge and im going mistweaver. @USER 1) good call on MW and 2) I use Healbot to help me heal, but there are other addons that do similar things.
Zee News demands there should be a law for contempt of PM.

If the law is extended to former PMs, even the present PM might be held in contempt. @USER It is a brain child of Pradhan Sevak that his godi media is trying to propagate. Also this law believe me would only be valid till this feku is the pradhansevak.
I know it says great, but all I see is ordinary Britain. Ordinary Britain is in France.
There was always one mental kid who would go on it upside down. That was me!
It’s fun to feel the outward force gradually increase, and overtake gravity. You can move like Spider-Man before it reaches full speed and turn yourself upside down. Makes you well dizzy though.
After 9 years of failing to deliver training and skills Suusssaaan Ley’s answer is to throw the elderly into a building site. I could just imagine an 80 something woman building a house? We are really witnessing the leftovers- Bubble and Squeak? @USER  @USER The SUSS bitch has never had a portfolio that she has not hated. Does she honestly have a positive bone in her body? Or is she just another Murdocrazy/LNP stooge whose life's ambition is to take the heat off the puppet masters?
@USER This is such a bad idea. I can't think of a worse thing to go right there. @USER It will either have to have a tight parking garage as its base or…?? But yea it’s also gonna stick out like a sore thumb. But I guess the realty bros see a future where NG is just a bunch of high rise apartments. ?
so guys do you also feel like a cave man when you use a budget phone instead of a flagship device? mine recently fell from 1st floor and now its getting repaired. ?
ps. fuk iphone. android mastrace. I actually am considering switching to a basic phone 
I think I am a phone addict.
Things are only going one way. Might as well just call the second election and see how a left coalition gets on in government. calling an election at the early stages of a pandemic? no party would consider this to be a good option.
Can we just stop with this now? I enjoy finding out the backstory, and what happened next.
@USER Hey Vishal, there was a known issue that our engineers were able to sort out last night. How's your connection this morning? @USER Hello, thanks for getting back to me. Everything seem to be working find now. Thank you.
@USER Good morning Sis!!! Will try my best to spread love and joy today. Going to vote early!!! My brother-in-law is running for the 8th distrect Appeals Court!!! So excited to vote BLUE all the way!!! Be blessed today!!!
?❤️?? @USER Thank you Brenda. Have a nice day.❤.
What about those other things that Hindis did do? Real life is not a game. You kill someone in red team, Red team kills someone in blue team. Revenge match is only better in game. More than the Red & Blue, people need to think that both are people with family, kids. Only thing different is the team.
Stop forming group for stupid things. Modi group, Congress group, Everyone is forming fucking cults. You don't vote people to support the cult. You vote to ensure everyone gets to live without any fights.
DeleteReligion.
Dying very quickly. Them tents are expensive. Cheaper than rent.
The Left's problem is it can only entertain one narrative -  that all Tories are evil Thatcherites who put fiscal parsimony above everything else. They can't get their heads round what Truss is actually doing. @USER I reinforce my thinking by checking Richard Burgons tweets daily.
Clueless.
What's the container you've got it in? Nice find, btw. It's my head torch but it looks awesome with the lighting.
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER Of course you did Mitch. Its a criminal act.
مچوم‌تویت های مره کسی میبینه یانه؟
اگر دیدید یگان ریتویت بزنید مطمئین شوم
#StopHazaraGenocide. @USER We can't retwitt you 
It's lock.
People say this every year. We've only been saying it since 2016. Remember when 2016 started with a load of celebrities dying? Then Brexit, then Trump. The celebrity deaths culminated with George Michael and Carrie Fisher in December. Seriously go look at all the amazing musicians and actors that died in 2016. Ever since then the world has gone fucking mental.
Are bouncers allowed to search inside your underwear?
Asking for a friend. Very short answer is no. 
Longer answer : can’t be bothered to type it out without context. Did a bouncer actually search your “friends” pants and you want to know if that was ok?
Thats not a cabinet, its a closet... There are more LNP MPs in the closet than in this cabinet.
Trump was already president and it was shit. He was impeached twice. He drove us into a disease-ridden hellstate of death and unemployment and debt. Then he pretended he won for 2 months and unleashed the kraken of cons lying relentlessly until he incited an attack on the Capitol. @USER  @USER Twice impeached, de-platformed, disgraced, coup inciting madman.
Who do you think should sing the next #JamesBond  @USER title song? @USER  @USER @thearmed.
What's St Pattys? Patty is a burger. So I think it's "Saint Hamburger Day".
@USER  @USER Available from…? @USER Did u get message I left you thanks.
Ok to stock up on Mi Goreng? Mmm. Might need to stock up myself first.
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER The Catholic Church.
Indian parents force their kids to study 16 hrs/day, force them to take tuition, spend lakhs on coaching so they score 90% but never prepare them for #stress, #anxiety, #depression they experience after losing seat to someone scoring 50%. Sadly, Equality exists only in books. @USER Talent is like water and it will find its own level … yes it’s pain but their is no gain without pain and that’s y they say when going gets tough, tough gets going so don’t worry as reservation will always make us stay ahead with hard work.
I can't listen to newstalk/rte1/today FM anymore, it's wall to wall Corona virus shite repeating itself over and over. I started listening to LBC, it's pretty good. I've been listening to RTE Lyric and loving it.
Friend of mine was defrauded on his credit card so called to confirm that none of the purchases he made were his. One of them was for a large bill at Harvester. The bank made the point that the spending was in line with his own spending, and thus an argument broke out regarding whether he was the kind of man who would eat at Harvester. Typical banks; happy to dictate to you, their customer, what they think constitutes fraudulent spending of your money, but not willing to hear what you know actually is fraudulent spending of your money.
The gold rush, the Melbourne real estate crash, Japan invading Russia, discovery of the XRay and who could forget the coronation of Tsar Nicholas II? Dream of the 1890s....
The guys were fucking about crushing things with a 3" thick slab of lead that's about 18" x 12" (metalwork class) with the teacher away somewhere. Mostly pens, but one of the guys forgot to move his hand, and it dropped on him, literally bursting his thumb wide open. It was a bit gruesome, and he went a bit feint. He was OK after it healed though. Wow that is gruesome.
Do attack helicopters become instantly aware just like girls when someone is looking at them with dha dha dha dha Surround Sound intentions? Yesss infact Apache helicopters have good radar system.
If it makes you guys feel any better I live in Manhattan now and people call Staten Island “Trash Island” and “The Garbage People” unironically for this very reason. Even New Yorkers hate Staten Island. Even people that live on Staten Island hate Staten Island. Well at least roughly half.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER Enough's enough give us a break.
I've been told from people I know that the supermarket shelves in Sydney are empty of many essentials. Is it true? Does seem to be the case where I am in the mid north-west. Went to Woolworths Marsfield yesterday and they had hardly any canned tuna, absolutely no toilet paper at all. Not too sure on the UHT milk situation though. Plenty of bread and regular milk. Anything hand sanitiser related is a joke, even regular soap is being bought out.
For some reason, it seems like people think that being forcibly cooped up at home for a few weeks will give them an extreme case of the shits. I can understand going to buy a 24 pack if you’re running out, but when you see people loading 5 24 packs of Quilton rolls into the back of their overpriced German SUV, it’s one of those things that makes you go “hmmmmm”.
The wealth of the top 1% increased by $6.5 trillion last year.  It's not radical to tax the rich. It's radical to let a small group of oligarchs hoard that much wealth. @USER Past due.
Thank you guys for making me feel so welcome. And being so helpful! This is a nice space. this is how randia used to be before it crossed 1lac mark.
now its all news links.
Fully seriously got sent a video yesterday that said the virus is caused by the 5G rollout and spread via WiFi. You couldn't make it up. But someone did already...?
The photo on the Bank of Scotland note is giving me strong“Unsolved Mysteries” vibes, so that’s my favourite.
Unfortunately I’d probably struggle to spend it anywhere local. Aye same is the case with me.
@USER Surely it’s “wantaway” a word that only gets used during trade period. @USER That’s word #2.
@USER Here's to a happy hump day and wonderful Wednesday. @USER Yes! Have a blessed day!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Varisu
Thunivu
Adipurush
Mega 154
NBK 107
????
Pongal 2023. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER TN. Only thala thalalay.
Just curious. Does anyone ever use the back left burner? @USER Lol, yes. Not often. But yes.
1/ Enjoy our Devotional entitled, ‘PRAY MORE’. 2/ Daily Reading: Psalms 49-50; Acts 20:1-16.
We cultivate hope differently across cultures, classes, religions, and gender.

Place is the context from which our agency of hope emerges, for the marginalised and also for the privileged. 

(read on) 1/4. For the privileged, acknowledging that things are hard and speaking up about it is easy. This can be an example of how they cultivate hope.

However, the same cannot be said of those at the margins of society who may simply pacify their adversity and oppression.

(read on) 2/4.
Train your mind to stay calm in every situation. @USER Major key right there.
Yes. There are lots of people who find what they want on dating apps. 
I for one, have found the love of my life. We're gonna get married in the foreseeable future. 
Also, I've seen enough posts on r/tinder where people have married each other after meeting on tinder. 
It all depends on you. Make it clear initially what you're looking for and you will find it. 
PS : 28 isn't old. You're going to be a hit on those apps. :). That's awesome man! Congratulations!
I work on ski resorts in the winter so maybe I can add to this conversation from a different perspective. Not that I'm justifying a ski holiday being superior to any other kind of holiday or that it's the best choice in relation to a curriculum. However, the school prompting a decision from the parents allows the child to have an experience they may not otherwise ever have. If given the choice, a family holiday will likely be a sun holiday. Colder weather at a higher cost isn't usually compelling if the norm is a sunny, sandy beach. 
Skiing and snowboarding (amongst many, many other sports one can do in snowy and mountainous regions) are incredibly fun sports wholly unique from most activities easily available in Ireland. This, coupled with the company of a child's closest friends could make for the holiday of a lifetime and could even create a love for the sport across the family. If it's feasible for a family without causing any financial issues then I think it's absolutely worth it. 
I don't want to write for ages and make this wall of text any larger, I could talk at length about all the different aspects but I just want to offer an alternative perspective. Interesting yes, it does have its merits for the kids alright.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I frequently find myself lowering my butt towards the seat where Bella is, thinking she will move…

And yet…. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER If she's anything like mine, she will be sitting with her paw poised to speed dial Cats' Protection.......
3-0 and we secure a legends spot! VAMOS @ENCE. @USER  @USER expected.
Happy Birthdaaaay  @USER ?? @USER Thanks love! ?
Modi is a megalomaniac and attention seeker. He can't keep himself off the mainstream media. This is not happening. Just another PR stunt. posting this again because r/india has taken down two posts under which I made this comment.
Frenkie de jong has turned down beans on toast for his tea tonight and has opted for cheese on toast instead …… yes you get what I’m saying!!!
I know about as much as the other cnts on Twitter who claim to know what’s going on ?‍♂️???? @USER Beans would have been better for him as there’s a lot of fat In cheese even though it was probably Edam.
@USER Love this! Gorgeous ?? @USER Thank you ??❤️.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Melbourne is winter, winter, winter, winter as far as I'm concerned.
Having a big butt. Nah it’s always been attractive, people just say it proudly now.
Somebody tell this MFer that Britain left India 73 years ago. Doesn’t mean they can’t comment.
It looks like you just need the Student leap card itself - and not buy Leap card credit.  
I would appeal the fine after getting a Student Leap card. You seem to be doing everything and just some bureaucracy BS caught you out. That Luas / bus didn't lose out on any money at all since you paid for everything, just not this one specific card that they needed. This sounds like the best option,  I just really don't want to get a leap card. I graduate in may, and due to injuries I can't work atm or cycle to college. I'm on a pretty tight budget, and will likely have to pay this €45, making the budget tighter. €10 for a leap card is just a lot of money for me right now when it seems so pointless. I think I may have to just suck it up.
Masturbated to catchphrase at Saturday dinner time. It’s good, but it’s not right.
@USER What app is this so I can never install it. @USER Fitbit.
While I can find plenty of them online, I've never met another Expanse fan. I've never met one either, but I don't go out much. They're out there. There must be loads of em.
I don't want to alarm anyone but the coronavirus will soon spread in an irreversible way. The first means of contamination are bank notes, don't touch them.
Wear gloves and place all notes in a sealed envelope and leave them by your front door, message your address.
Tomorrow morning I'll come by for collection and elimination, I'm doing this for the good of public health! Don't thank me... U r too dangerous to be left free...
@USER ??? you're there, Mel! 3lbs is just heavy socks, really.  It's a lot of hard work, bless. May you always be healthy ? @USER It has been hard work but so so worth it.. thank you ? 

Gonna weigh next week- naked. ???
@USER 99p for handling ?? @USER Can get brass cheaper than that up north.
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. Anything to get a 'but Labor' answer in during QT. Was a disgrace and not actually relevant.
That Diana Ross and Smokey Robinson are Michael Jackson's actual parents. That's why he was the talent in the Jackson family and why there were rumors that he was Evan Ross's father (they both look like Diana). Smokey would've been 18 and Diana 14 years old when Michael was born so Berry Gordy arranged to have the kid given to his old boxing buddy and fellow musician from Chicago, Joe Jackson, who he would fund leading to the formation of the Jackson 5. Joe had a big family where Michael would get everything he needs while training him to be an entertainer and Motown could protect their image by taking the child out of the picture.
It turns out the kid is a talent and as we all know the Jackson 5 make it to Motown, but even before that there were several documented instances of Diana Ross in Gary, Indiana such as at the school talent show where the Jackson 5 performed. She has said multiple times on live television that Michael is her baby/child, says she's doing it all for him, and joked about him playing her son in a future movie. She has also said publically she was in love with Smokey Robinson growing up, living on the same street as him in Detroit, which is odd because he had a girlfriend during that time who he later married. Diana also changed high schools around the time Michael was conceived (when she would have gotten pregnant). She was going to Cass-Tech to study home economics and Smokey also enrolled in an engineering college around this time, because they were soon to be parents and Motown hadn't broke big yet. A decade later the Jackson 5 auditioned for Motown in Detroit, then did a second performance at a Motown get-together at Berry's house, and Michael has stated that at that point Diana told them she wanted to take special interest in their career.
There's a movie called Double Platinum which stars Diana Ross and is about how she gave up her kid for her career and later reveals to the kid she's her mother when she sees that the kid has talent, then goes on to help her with her career which would parallel the real life story with Michael. Her daughter in the movie also wears a dress that has the same design as the shirt Michael wore for Billie Jean at Motown 25. It's written by Michael in his autobiography Moonwalk that he and the Jacksons lived with Diana Ross in Hollywood Hills when the Jackson 5 first signed to Motown and moved to LA, and her and Michael used to go out almost every day, just the two of them. This would have been when Diana Ross revealed to Michael she's his mom, he would've been about 10 years old and that's why he became quiet and shy from then on. (This wouldn't be her only time doing this, when she had a daughter with Berry Gordy she didn't tell her who her father was until she was 13.) Smokey Robinson also stated when he was leaving the Larry King interview shortly after Michael passed away that one of his fondest memories of Michael was when he used to go golfing at the age of 10 or 11 with him and Bobby Taylor, who is said to have discovered the Jackson 5 even though their first album at Motown was presented by Diana Ross. 
This was also what Michael meant in the song Billie Jean when "this happened much too soon, she called me to her room". Diana was the one who said "I am the one, but the kid is not my son". She meant I am your mother but you're not my son, you're a Jackson now. Diana Ross is Billie Jean (Diana plays a character called Billie Holiday in 'Lady Sings the Blues' which came out a few years before 'The Wiz' with MJ). This is also what the song Dirty Diana is about, it's about Diana Ross the groupie who seduces Smokey Robinson, who she grew up on the same street as, conceiving Michael. Then there's the song Who Is It which is about a mystery person who abandoned Michael, and in the music video he holds a card that says 'Diana'. The song Wanna Be Startin' Somethin' also talks about how "if you can't feed your baby, then don't have a baby" and again refers to the mystery Billie Jean character. He references Ain't No Mountain High Enough in the song Leave Me Alone and says "Don't you come walkin' beggin' back, mama". He also references Ain't No Mountain High Enough in the songs Baby Be Mine, Speechless, and Keep The Faith. This is all also why you see a weird sexual dynamic between Michael Jackson and Diana Ross but you will never actually see a picture or video of them making out.
Recently a video surfaced of Diana Ross singing You Are Not Alone to Katherine Jackson; just like how she probably used to sing Ain't No Mountain High Enough to Michael when he was living with her. This is seen in the aforementioned movie Double Platinum as well, Diana sings her lost daughter to sleep with a famous song. And in TMZ's video "The Last Time We Saw Joe Jackson" an old senile Joe says "I raised Michael, he's my son and Quincy Jones knows better. I don't talk about it, no way." He's defending the supposed fact that Michael is his son for a seemingly unknown reason, and even in past interviews he always emphasized "he's a JACKSON". After MJ's death, Joe when interviewed said he was doing great, meanwhile Smokey Robinson went on the Larry King show and praised MJ as an artist.
This theory explains why Michael not only looks like Diana Ross and has the same features and eyes as her, but also explains why his facial structure looks like Smokey's & their profiles and ears are completely identical, and why he was a musical prodigy who had the stage presence and songwriting abilities of his real parents (Diana, Smokey & Michael are the only three musicians besides the Beatles who have two stars each on the Hollywood Walk of Fame - one for being a member of their original groups and one to celebrate their success as a solo artist), as well as having a very soft voice which both Smokey and Diana (and Evan Ross!) have in common. Here you can see how much different his eyes looked from his brothers and how much they look like Ross eyes. Now you can see why his personality developed the way it did. It's why he acted like an orphan and called himself Peter Pan and built Neverland to help disadvantaged kids, why he isolated himself from his family and could never manage to have a normal relationship with women. It absolutely explains why he had such a severe identity crisis. And it explains why Diana Ross is second to Katherine Jackson in his will regarding who would take care of his children, and why Joe Jackson has been known to dislike Diana Ross. At Michael Jackson's public memorial the first person that comes out is Smokey Robinson reading a letter from Diana Ross, who writes that she's mourning so hard that she cannot attend the memorial and that Michael was "part of the fabric of her life". When Smokey speaks about MJ later he calls him his little brother, which would imply blood relative. In the movie Hitsville USA: The Making of Motown, Berry Gordy jokes with Smokey about how some of the babies that the groupies were having were his & that MJ reminded him of a little Smokey. Also, the movie An American Dream was about the Jackson 5 and would've been propaganda to reinforce the coverup story. 
So, it wasn't that Michael was ever trying to look like Diana Ross like people thought, he was actually displaying features and mannerisms that he INHERITED from her. In one of the clips below she says he has the same features, skin tone, and bone structure as her. Now you might say well Janet looks a lot like MJ, but growing up in his shadow she adopted many of his mannerisms and used makeup and plastic surgery to replicate his appearance (like Latoya did) but their vanity was merely deception. Joe and Berry branded and marketed the Jacksons a certain way to make Michael seem related, such as with the matching outfits and afros, but if you look at their features it's clear the only similarity to Michael is the way they smile (a learned trait). MJ has much more defined features and is rail thin like Diana Ross, and his nose & chin match Smokey's. Now it's clear why Joe told him he had a fat nose and singled him out so much with the abuse.
MJ does a photoshoot with Katherine, Joe, Diana, and Smokey
Diana Ross calls MJ her child, says she's doing it all for him (skip to 15:56)
Diana Ross jokes about Michael Jackson playing her son in a movie (the intro downplays her role in starting his career, an important part of the coverup)
Diana Ross confesses her relationship with Smokey Robinson, which would have been when MJ was conceived and when Smokey was dating Claudette (skip to 8:40)
Diana Ross jokes about her and MJ having the same facial features and bone structure, "he could be part of my family"
Diana Ross calls Michael Jackson her baby
Smokey Robinson recounts how MJ used to go golfing with him and Bobby Taylor as a kid
Evan Ross says MJ was like a brother to him and that Diana was a mother figure to Michael
Joe Jackson defends the fact that Michael is his son when confronted by paparazzi
Smokey Robinson reads Diana Ross's letter at the beginning of Michael Jackson's memorial
This theory is from a YouTube channel called An American Scheme. I also created a subreddit with further info on the topic called r/AnAmericanScheme. Totally got sucked down the rabbit hole on this.
I need a boyfriend .???? @USER ready.
Almost got into a serious crash about an hour ago because of some absolute dope couldn’t look both ways before pulling out into the middle of a main road. 

Please please pay attention when you’re driving. 

Seconds away from not coming home today man. I’m fucking shook. @USER Mate seriously the amount of terrible drivers I’m seeing in this country lately is fucking shocking ! Think they need to start retesting people.
Wank morning, (before any pervs think I meant that literally I didnt) thank fuck I've been called into work earlier I'm off to see if I can shake this shitty feeling ? @USER Have a great day.  I got up, bought vodka, came back, ordered MacDonald’s breakfast, poured vodka into coffee.

I may be under a level of stress and anxiety at the moment. I also bought a massive slab of clotted cream fudge designed to be chopped up that am just biting into.
The government response to the massacre was appalling and disrespectful to the victims.
There should be laws preventing the public office enacting Terrorist Manifestos into law and fulfilling the homicidal fantasy of such people. What are you talking about? What manifesto was made into law?
F*CK YES! Ron DeSantis is under federal Investigation by the US Department of Treasury over his use of COVID Relief Funds to fly migrants to Martha’s Vinyard. @USER Why not makes more sence.
You should make a greater effort. Forget the past and trust more in God. Our fate is not predestined by Him; nor is karma the sole factor, though our lives are influenced by our past thoughts and past activities. - #ParamahansaYogananda. @USER Again fear of fate.If one is prepared for that ultimate fate 'Death' What's past,present or future ? Why are all your teachings focused at reducing stress and sorrows alone? Stress &amp; sorrows are perceptions and it's one's choice to be sad or happy. 

Lord Krishna's grace ??♥.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER See you later ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ta! See you later ✊??
Here's an article with more information:  URL 
>“As noted by the conservation officer, the polychromatic geometrical design has a resonance with the late Victorian architecture which is the predominant character of this part of the city centre conservation area and is considered to be an enhancement of the conservation area setting.”. > the conservation officer
Doesn't seem fit for purpose.
Depends on how the shipper sends it.   If they send it via post, then Aust Post handles it here.    But if they use a courier service like DHL or Fed Ex, then they handle it all the way to your door.
Most couriers will not deliver to a post box either. DHL don't deliver outside of capital city  metro areas, they offload it to couriers.
The end of Arrival had me confused about timespace causality stuff. Great movie.
एवढया वर्षे झाले ट्विटर वापरते पण like ला चार वेळा प्रेस केल्यावर स्क्रिनशॉट निघतो हे आज समजले ?‍♀️?‍♀️. @USER Ho ka.
@USER I was a lot older than that!! @USER And there’s still some abbreviations that I am unsure of!
@USER He’s blues apparently but either way it’s the most embarrassing attempt I’ve ever seen. @USER Why would you hit such a legend.
It is still completely beyond me why politicians would choose to have a social media presence - the thing that works with these things is authenticity and a genuine identity, neither of which they are capable of having... all that remains is an effortless target for ridicule.
UwU. @USER My Federal MP chooses not to have one and I thought that strange. #ZanetaMascarenhas.
Like me? Because I’d love to sing for Queen, but I’m not gay and don’t want to have AIDS. No judgement, I just need clarification. You'd become their new lead singer.
28F is old? What the fuck is wrong with the society today?
Tinder is for fuck boys like us. Would be hard to get what you’re looking for but it’s not impossible.
Aisle is paid and so the crowd is more serious. Yup planning to try Aisle!
@USER Fantastic Elaine. Congratulations to the young man ⭐? @USER Thanks so much Donna.
@USER I zoomed in on book titles first, I'm such a nerd :). @USER We hope we passed….? ?
Someone I work with was giddy with excitement, planning their April long weekend holiday, getting ready to take the Friday off as well. I broke it to them that we’re not getting the Monday off. It was a small joy seeing that smug arsehole’s plans decimate in a matter of moments. "Look at this arsehole, so excited to take time off work and enjoy something out of life over these few days, can't wait to fuck him up by letting him know we're stuck at work...despite the assumed public holiday we always got." He might be an arse, but now you're both stuck at work together, you could have been out of each others faces for a Monday.
Worshiping Elon Musk is fucking weird. @USER I don't even know who  the hell you are, but I can guarantee you that  @USER is not concerned one bit about what you have to say. And for that matter, the majority of Americans don't want to hear your dribble.
Though you should've already known that Pieter is barely regarded high in journalists circles, lemme go through his stuff again.
The Caravan article is behind paywall, please post full text. This is cited as source many times in his every piece when ever he gives actual links to RSS.
The Quint article is by same author, and instead of providing proof of links, he is again clutching at straws. Not criticizing the RSS doesn't mean she is RSS, by this logic Kejriwal is supporter of RSS backed violence in Delhi.
Rest whole article is just roaming around the point making useless conclusions. And shit like "she used a Sanskrit word, vhp also uses the Sanskrit word, so she's clearly RSS" when conveniently omits the dact that many from  MMS to Pranav Da have used a common Sanskrit word.
Also, the author seems very, very angry about her tussle with Hillary for some reason, despite it's clearly Hillary in the wrong for making baseless accusations against some of her fellow dems to favor her friends.
Intercept is, well, Intercept. No source, no facts, just how they like it.
That said, please post the Caravan article which provides source of the RSS backing & funding as Pieter claims. >Rest whole article is just roaming around the point making useless conclusions. And shit like "she used a Sanskrit word, vhp also uses the Sanskrit word, so she's clearly RSS" when conveniently omits the dact that many from  MMS to Pranav Da have used a common Sanskrit word.
What are you talking about?? What article are you referring to? There is nothing in any of the articles I've posted about Sanskrit words!
@USER Massively uneducated boy. Beyond brainless. @USER But, but but, he has a LAW DEGREE!!!
???
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER I think he claimed he studied in Cambridge and Havard? Nothing we no go hear from Naanu!!
@USER Is the track wet Ian? @USER Wet? Almost flooded in some parts of the track. Ian.
Can't remember the title, basically a guy is up for a promotion, so him and his wife have the boss over for dinner and they are talking about the promotion. The husband notices his boss looking at his wife and he convinces her to let the boss do her in the kitchen to get the promotion. He sits in the dining room while it happens. Well...... He doesn't get the promotion, husband kills himself, the lady gets back to the guy by sleeping with dudes son and getting him into a lot of trouble. The scene in the kitchen was what messed me up the most. Think the name of the movie was "Scorned" or something. Just that description is enough. Pass.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम.
Outsider here. Curious what makes all these places shot Holes in your eyes.
I’ve visited Ireland for a total of about six months and  nothing really made me think shit hole. 
When I hear shit hole I think of Detroit and derelict steel town types around the states. It's not that they're dangerous, there just isn't much in a lot of towns in Ireland. Carlow is one or the bigger towns and the population is only 24000. It also doesn't help that after the 2008 recession a lot of places didn't recover very well, and people commute to Dublin for jobs.
@USER  @USER Looked like he would go on to be a Premier league fixture. Another one we got unlucky with. @USER  @USER  @USER I don't think it helped that Bobby Gould decided to take a group of professional footballers on an army assault course, such a shame for Lee Hurst.
Lucky that Queensland couple got some wine delivered to them while in quarantine on that ship, clearly it wasn't a serious situation. You got trolled. Never happened.
Ending my life ? goodbye y’all. @USER This is a fake account she doesn’t have a Twitter.
Saw a mosquito on the wall and for some stupid reason I thought a let’s punch him into bits, so I make a fist and thrust it into the wall and the mosquito flees injured and my hand is killing me.
It literally hurts like a fracture. Handwash karle.
Pretty sure one bigoted person made that decision and it’s gotten a lot of bad press and the people have reacted badly. 
Be surprised if it’s not all overturned. Why are you downvoting him? He’s right!
I have said this many times before, and here it is again...
Greggs is the Wetherspoons of bakeries: never your first choice, but good enough if nothing else is available. Most sensible comment here. I avoid it because my work suit looks silly in a queue of tracksuits, onesies and pyjamas same way I avoid Wetherspoons because the owner is a total cunt BUT if I need to pick up some vegan sausage rolls for the wife it's the only place to go. Wetherspoons has nothing to offer me.
Can we stop putting “natural” in front of “gas”? One of the most successful greenwashing efforts of all time. We don’t call it “natural wind” or “natural sun” - or “natural coal”, for that matter. The nature of gas is that it’s a fossil fuel whose combustion causes climate change. @USER Methane.
When I was younger, was working in an old high end hotel with a preacher who was a plumber, as he pulled out a circa 1950’s rubber dildo. The opening scene to one hell of a movie.
@USER Congratulations ?? sir. @USER Thank you Sahabaz.
What county? This would be in Wicklow!
Bit of context, reasonably nice part of town would probably be described as "up and coming" in estate agentese. Problems with things being nicked from front gardens and backyards started several months ago, hence the camera. 
Shame as we used to be able to ask delivery people to just leave things out of sight. 
Milk seems like a new low... Tomorrow morning leave a half milk/half piss bottle sitting there.
Just wash your dot out in the shower. starts stocking up on shower heads.
September 25th is #SeeSayDay! Take the time today to save the Suspicious Activity Reporting phone number(s) for wherever you live, work, or spend time in your phone. By doing so, you’ll be prepared to help keep your community safe when you see something suspicious. @USER I “see” suspicious activity everyday at the border. It’s all over TV. We all have eyes!!!  Illegal immigrants pouring into the country by the thousands. Do someting!!!
Finally! 
This must be the first time in many millennia that the Vatican punished a rapist with anything but reassignment. Can somebody confirm this? If so, it's huge.
Wait I think the biggest issue here is why was the parade on Saturday 29th February?! Belmar has the traditional first Sunday of March St Paddy's Day Parade here in Jersey, Asbury Park gets the 2nd Sunday for their parade.  It's all the towns trying to book the same  marching bands and bagpipers.
Social Worker writes…‘the child wants to study psychology at A Level. Bearing in mind their mental state this is totally inappropriate.’ I give up ??‍♂️ At times I pity my profession. Luckily the young people are the ones that motivate me to keep doing this job. @USER what absolute crap! My daughter suffered mental health problems and self harmed all through teenage years. She is now an amazing support worker in a Forensic hospital and finishes her adult and #mentalhealth #nursing masters degree this year. #experience #understanding.
That’s just the culture of pop punk and metalcore though, music for those who are mentally 13.
(sorry if you like metalcore)
EDIT - gonna keep this comment up because apparently people can’t discern that pop punk/metalcore is vastly different scene to all the other types of metal. 
It’s an extension of 2000’s scene/emo kid culture and is far more toxic than any actual punk/metal shows.
To anyone in Brisbane think The Brightside vs Crowbar and the different crowds there. Ive had the opposite experience with fans of the metalcore and punk/metal scenes in general. Ive never had an issue, and like anything it's a few bad apples that ruin the whole scene. 
Now I have seen douche bros countless times act like this towards people of varying genders, cultures and sexualities.
Hitler. Oh wait. Y hide score?
The lack of communist women in this thread is apparent. Kaha gyi woh? She promised articles on healthcare and her lesbian sex story u/Meraxes373.
Spruce trees do fuck all to soak up carbon. That's why their claim that they had planted hundreds of thousands of trees for the environment was bullshit.... it's just for logging. 
Native trees suck it in like a chain smoker. We need more of those. Can you post some sources for that?
Damn, for a sec i thought its from a videogame. Assassin's Creed ? ?
It was such a brilliant idea to have the students back. 14-day offshore quarantine works so well. Who thought this could be coming, right. Look mate, who cares about people's health and well being when our institutions are going broke. /s.
@USER  @USER This is amazing! Would love to get these in the hands of some  @USER parents. @USER  @USER  @USER We 100% should do a fun taste testing with  @USER pet parents!
Binge watching Vox channel ke videos with the tastiest chips of all time ( Blue vale Lay's, not looking for a debate here) is a healthy coping mechanism. Green Lay's are bettet.
I'm sure someone who describes themselves as a "professional lover of movies, games, TV, etc" won't be out of work for too long......... Can't tell if this is sarcasm or not....
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER Entertaining house guests! I feel glad when people have gone and I can get back to just doing my own thing.
The man walked into parliament with a lump of coal and said don't be afraid of this.
Why on earth do people suddenly have this expectation of him turning away from his support of fossil fuels? Funny how coal is our second biggest export but take a lump into parliament and you are a social pariah.
"Look everyone! This is what allows us to be a first world country!"
"Geez Scomo put that thing away. That's disgusting. No-one wants to see that.".
When people just assume shit without knowing facts and believe it to be true. If I could I'd kill those people. I'm assuming you wouldn't actually kill them.
will any leader take responsibility in delhi? is there nobody left to depend on? 1.3 billion me se ek bhi leader with balls of steel nhi hai sab bhagwan bharose. Arvind Kejriwal is responsible for the compensation and rehabilitation of the riot affected victims.
@USER Prawn sandwiches. @USER  @USER Hahaha...nit fir himself though.?
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I was intrigued to the extent to which Ian Holloway transformed Blackpool's squad in the build up and during promotion to the Premier League, in the 2009/10 season. Achieving promotion against overwhelming relegation odds, was inspiring ⚽️ also the human qualities he brought.
Peter Dutton is on  @USER again this Sunday This is his third appearance since the election. @USER  @USER  @USER Haven't watched since just after Speers took over... Don't need his biased Murdoch ignorance in my life &amp; he does not even try to hide his, or the bias of 'our' @ABCTV..
HAIR. Oh my gosh. Yes! I gag.
Liberal side don't like to talk about this (I'm a liberal too) but it is a fact that Indian muslims have changed a LOT in the last 25 years. Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
I lived in Lucknow when I was young. That was a very liberal muslim city. You'd never even see a burqa in Hazratganj. Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
Among my muslim friends from back then, there is a shift within their families as well. My friends (all 30 year olds) are mostly irreligious. But their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar". Lol same in my state AP too. I've never seen burqa until 3 years ago. Given how hot $ humid it's in AP during summers, I can certainly say women aren't wearing burqa out of choice.
Happy out here - well rested and not hungover for the first Sunday in a few weeks :) It's a beautiful, sunny morning too.
Going for a walk now and will have to do a bit of study later on - have an exam Tuesday, keep the fingers crossed for me. Hopefully it'll be grand :)
Off to South Africa for a holiday with herself then on Wednesday - really excited, haven't had two weeks off work in a row since 2016 and very much looking forward to it!
Life is all good at present! Hope ye are all keeping well. I have two weeks off in a row coming up in May, first time since 2015.
I. Can. Not. Wait.
Good lick with the exam!
@USER Maybe he trying to attract you like this way..? @USER Why should I be attracted to him after scolding me?? I blocked him.
Wake the fuck up Australia, you're getting robbed. > Wake the fuck up Australia, ~~you're getting~~ you have been robbed.
FTFY.
@USER OMG ????? @USER Hahahaha my reaction everytime!
दिल्ली की जनता को पानी के बकाया बिलों से राहत दिलाने के लिए सरकार ने बड़ा निर्णय लिया है. पानी के बकाया बिलों पर लगने वाली लेट फ़ीस( लेट पेमेंट सरचार्ज) 31 दिसंबर 2022 तक के लिए 100% माफ रहेगी. यानि आप बिना लेट फ़ीस की चिंता किए अपने पुराने बकाया बिल भर सकते हैं. @USER Navra kam mat karvao sir or berojgaro ki madad karo.
@USER Least he’s got the minerals too face the fans while them rats are smoking cigars somewhere. @USER He didn't meet them out of decency, he met them as he was scared of a protest outside his house. Fans in America should be protesting outside the Glazers houses too. 
#GlazersOut.
Bring the bread with you and try every toaster. I almost got chucked out of Curry's when I suggested this last time.
Crown in Perth - unsuitable to hold a casino license
Crown in Melbourne - unsuitable
Crown in Sydney - unsuitable
Star in Sydney - unsuitable
Star in Brisbane - unsuitable

IDK about you, but this feels systemic. @USER They are Australia’s most successful laundromats.
Cashless Bail MUST be REPEALED!

Judges need discretion to weigh dangerousness.

Criminals shouldn’t be able to chop up tables &amp; walls of a McDonald’s, swinging the hatchet wildly at customers, &amp; be released from custody before the fries get cold.

We must take back our streets! @USER What about the group of guys that were beating on him first?  Shouldn’t they have been arrested as well?
@USER Dear Sir/Madam,
Please provide your USC No. &amp; contact No. So we can forward this issue to concerned engineer. @USER 100668310      8121177040 / 9000844199.
You will need ID and proof of address. If you already have an account, and you can prove that, you should be OK. They are issuing SSCN codes that you can use to identify yourself as an account holder. Thanks, IF.
Damn, for a sec i thought its from a videogame. Assassin's Creed ? ?
3-0 and we secure a legends spot! VAMOS @ENCE. @USER  @USER expected.
Spoon and Fork. KFC Spork?
General Reginald Dyer studied in Bishop Cotton School, Shimla. I just got to know that. Yea Dyer was there for a bit. I'm from the same school!
It's sad that these people died.
But I think it's inappropriate to romanticise them, as often happens.  Some of them were linked to particularly horrible attrocities against civilians.
They weren't in my view political prisoners any more than the UDA or UVF were. +1!
Let the events of the last two weeks banish any suggestion that Scotland isn't a vital and integral part of the United Kingdom. @USER How sad that you feel you need to politicise the death of the Queen Is nothing below you and your party ?
Brumby bhai tu kitni garibi mein raha hai ki tere par koi ch€€nk bhi maare to tujhe bas "Haaye paisa, Haaye paisa" r0na aa jaata hai

Abe train mein "tum to thehre pardesi" gaata hua paisa maangta tha kya jo iske alawa kuch aata hi nahin

Community rejected them my ? 
? @USER No one will give him a dime..
We are not COMIES. We believe In FREEDOM. K. I think you’re thinking about fascism.
जबसे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की हत्या हुई है तबसे अब तक 35 बॉलीवुड फिल्मे फ्लॉप हो चुकी है,,

कुछ साल और बहिस्कार और सारी गंदगी साफ़ हो जाएगी बॉलीवुड की !! @USER Yes mam I agree with you ❤️.
Why does Mayo extend into the ocean but everywhere else stops at the coast? Hard to carve the islands of mayo without them breaking off, easier to do 2 stages of relief.
What sort of Missus are you looking to replace her with? LOL! She's priceless, though she may not say the same about me.
It’s a fucking disgrace that we can’t protect the doctors and health staff working in hospitals.
Why don’t they have all the protective equipment?
Edit: I know a doctor who works at Westmead hospital that has complained to management that they can’t get a hold of masks. Have you thought about the cost of rich people who don't like paying their taxes LMFAO just get private health you pleb so you don't have to deal with the public. /S 
Probably because it's just a flu.
I suppose that they're afraid of succumbing to it and dying. Glad we cleared that up.
Where is BETI PARHAO BETI BACHAO  @USER ?
Gujarat ranking very poor  in girl child education
Only 10%  girls in Gujarat complete graduation
20% per cent of girls don't reach class 10.
Gujarat  at the bottom in education of girls in the age group 10-14 years. @USER  @USER Educate citizens instead of educating prime minister.  PARCIPATE &amp; bring change you wish to see. Don't seek Ministerial berth alone.
Have you seen the Cliffs of Moher? Yeah have u heard of 'the high man'.
Halifax once locked my card because "Fraud Detection" after I got the CVV2 number wrong 3 times while drunk.
3 days later, they contact me to confirm if it was me or not.... The only time the Barclays fraud department ever contacted me, it actually *was* a fraud--someone had used my card to buy a plane flight to somewhere. I have my suspicions to this day who did it, but I have no proof, so nothing much to be done. Had to destroy my card and get a replacement, of course.
Would it have hurt him much to just say this in October? He has managed to Streisand effect something that not many people would have given a shit about. He needs a distraction from sports rorts based on senate estimates last night.
Meet like-minded friends 
Vet and follow anyone that 
gives this tweet a ❤️

Please Retweet. @USER ???????
Are there any Indian colleges/unis (apart from IIT/IISc/NIT), who, despite the outdated curriculum, are going all out and making sincere efforts in making sure the students are learning the latest developments in their chosen fields? Not sure if this is what you wanted to know but the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India is decent in this regard. Of course it isn't perfect and has lots of flaws but still the course itself is pretty decent.
Combine that with the fact that we have to undergo 3 years of compulsory Articleship (internship) under a qualified CA makes the course more practical oriented. We work in actual CA firms doing most of the work for the CAs. It's a pretty decent model.
The reason why is because "Britannia Rules" the waves, and Brexiters want to believe it that way. Indeed, god bless 'em! Killybegs by volume & value is largest fishing port in IRE. Brussels better not throw us under the bus on this front.
Related aspect re Irish territorial waters that keeps surfacing on back of Brexit-
Let's look a decade out when a UI will likely be dealing directly with an independent Scotland. Despite my own musings on the topic, Rockall is clearly in Scottish waters. Salient aspect is the potential gas/oil/mineral reserves immediately due south in Irish waters...this could get very messy!
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER Except for the fact that he is a cheat.
@USER  @USER Who says that the allegations were false? @USER  @USER  @USER Are parley CBI also said fake allegations…# Chatu.
That Fidel Castro is Justin Trudeau's father.
I highly recommend looking into this because it's so interesting. There are a bunch of photos of his mom with Fidel Castro around and slightly before she would have gotten pregnant. Also his mom and dad are both very white, and for some reason (and I know this is weird but) Justin has brown nipples, which isn't a very common trait in white people.
Edit: I know that there are white people with brown nipples but it's notable just because his parents don't have brown nipples. Well, I just googled "white people nipple colour", so there's that.
@USER Same tweet reverse lo oka ammayi veste, Appudu em cheyaali ? @USER  @USER Go girl anali.
@USER The whole ‘right to exist’ is a religious zealous mantra seeking to shut down contrary views. RTE Is new post pandemic trans version of Godwin’s Law

I wanna know where these activists were when other minorities faced real violence/verbal abuse threats &amp; their right to exist? ? @USER  @USER MIA Sajeela .
@USER Morning Andy. @USER Morning Neil.
@USER  @USER I go with the theory that I am a survivor.  I've lived with PTSD  and trauma for so long and I'm still here, so I wonder how others would cope in my shoes, when you judge me let's see what you would have done. @USER  @USER Agree! &amp; well done. self compassion is so important.
Lordt. It's not even 7am and someone's already crying at work...

Not me. @USER Sad part is going on everywhere.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER contributors have permission to use  @USER heatmaps I believe. I regularly use the heatmaps for figuring out hiking routes. No reason you couldn't identify good cycling roads too though you would likely need additional data sources for traffic volumes, lanes, etc. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Feel free to join  @USER discussion forums to discuss more if desired. ?

#MapYourWorld #RotharRoads #OpenStreetMap.
We all remember the nursery rhyme. "After the poo or pee has landed, do make sure that you're clean handeeeeaahhhd". Is that the verse that comes after "If you sprinkle / When you tinkle, / Please be sweet / And wipe the seat"?
Rolled jiujitsu against a dude weighing 115kg tonight (I’m around 73kg). Was like trying to sweep a boulder. My attacks didn’t go well, but I survived 2 rounds with the guy, as he tried to figure a way around my (desperate) defence. @USER This is exactly how I ended up with 41 staples in my shoulder.
Bumping privates. Happy cake day!
@USER Other subject sir g,plij. @USER Everything will be posted.
@USER Who’s the hot babe? @USER ??
I went there about 10 years ago. Costs about £20 to go in and it's just a greenhouse. Completely agree. It's just a fairly posh garden centre where you can't buy any of the plants.
The only redeeming feature was the unbelievable size of the slice of cake I got from the cafe at the end. I actually didn't need any dinner.
@USER  @USER  @USER Still at the pub? @USER  @USER  @USER Apologies for the delayed reply, I believe the Doctors have wrapped up for the day. But hopefully we can help out tomorrow!
@USER No FATHER, NO! You can support the TRue Magisterium of the Church. That's all. This is not a cafeteria where we choose what we like. Do you or do you not condemn sodomy? @USER As an ordained priest, I took an oath to support the Holy Father and to teach what the Magisterium teaches us. Only that I reject sodomy, I reject all sins, not just one sin. God bless and best wishes to you.
Once people think that everything is created by God, thinking stops.
Whatever happens, is the work of Gods. No it's not.
@USER  @USER please share your advice . @USER  @USER Just saw. Will do ?????
Bearer Party, to the pub - quick march. Bearer Party, lift tankard. Bearer party, down beer. You’ve earned it. @USER Hey stephen, you are the king of twitter. Goodman.
@USER Surely it’s “wantaway” a word that only gets used during trade period. @USER That’s word #2.
If I send a photo to your phone on Whatsapp, will you reply to me? ?? @USER Yes so send to +14042467953.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congo  @USER bro. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
Eir have been going downhill for at least 6 months now. Their 4g no longer works for me on the Dart or Luas during rush hour. I'm going to change. Yeah I actually have up using my phone on the Luas, 
Who is the best? VODAFONE?
@USER Agreed...? @USER Thanks Mags ???
The Thai who murdered the children at the crèche was an ex policeman. He also murdered his wife and child and then he suicided. @USER He was obviously an abusive controller who didn’t like being told what to do. It’s good that women get censured for maybe being erratic a few days a month but men can keep carrying on like this &amp; we don’t ever attribute it to testosterone or gender.
Cause car accidents on highways. I like it.
Zero press conference in 6 years. Much statesman. smh. Wanna see a statesman, look no further than Angela Merkel. No wonder she did not shake hands with Modi. Modi does Mann ki Baat. Hindustan mein ek hi insaan ke paas mann hai. Baki sab to chutiye hain. Modi's problem is his bloated ego. That's what made him wave at no one in Dal Lake and use his raw wisdom in inventing new radar technologies. At the same time, he is a thorough coward. He does not want to face people. He does not want to face questions. He lives in his echo chamber of his flatterers and occasionally caters to modia.
I find Modi to be a very insecure person, scared, vengeful, delusional to an extent. He has another side though, which he presents to his audience,.. Brash, resolute, ambitious, flamboyant, dragon-slaying savior of people image. It is a projection. Such a projection would attract most people. He is a populist. One needs to though focus on what he does not do or does not say. That tells about the real Narendra Modi.
How far away from a vaccine? I read somewhere 18 months, that includes the time it takes to test. Then someone on RTE news said it could be as soon as December this year.
@USER What's that, a Fox ? @USER It certainly is, the cheeky thing!
How buggered am i? 28 with heart failure. I'm sure your lungs are perky compared to my 45 years of abuse.
I dont know what I'd do without them. I suffer from extreme social anxiety so thinking about people with mental health illnesses having more of them is amazing. I do feel though for the cashiers who want a job or want to keep their job. I relate to this I hate the feeling of standing in line with someone with a cart behind and in front of me way rather just hit the self check out minimal interaction.
Tipu Sultan was not just a brave fighter who fought British but he was a Muslim too ? @USER a bigot too....
Also were outside it... Sealing off the Irish Sea would be far easier thannthe North Sea.
But it does reflect the cost of borrowing? So your money goes less far if you’re buying on credit? So they are advertising getting into massive debt...
@USER  @USER I rate this tweet, hopefully we’re saying at the end of the year that the change in coach has resulted in significant improvement for all of them. For me, I’ve been most concerned about Zach Reid and Nik Cox, these are players that could have enormous upside. @USER  @USER  @USER Tall players take time to develop. Takes time for them to build their bodies as they are usually string beans as youngsters.
@USER Now wait a minute, you work on a car that has had 2 of the best "bottom feeders" in the business  drive it and all see in this pic is the inside line , why didn't you take it ??!!!! @USER ? it was far from a race track.
>How when he was looking for partners to play Badminton, most hindu groups didn't take him in but the Muslim guys welcomed him with open arms.
What? Not in religious sense. It's like a new badminton player comes and existing players don't want newbies in their group. Meant that.
@USER Enjoy it sweetie ?? @USER Thanks Roli ❤️❤️.
@USER Have you tried camomile tea? Why don’t you go to bed earlier? Don’t have coffee After 12. Don’t overthink things. @USER I'm gonna do a fight all over you, Laverty.
@USER Only if I run out of toilet paper. @USER  @USER Trouble there is that the paper is already full of shit.
Get out or get weird. Might use that.
Breakeven Thakuva peti vunte bagundedhi kadha ? #godfather ante budget koda baga control chesukoni. @USER Bro Godfather own release.
@USER Good morning. @USER Happy Sunday Michael, I hope you're taking it easy ??
I got a Christmas card from an Indian takeaway. I think I’m going to get shares in deliveroo.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Yeah, Pretty much. I feel like here in Brissy we get Summer, Summer, Autumn, Spring. There's that rainier period, and that windy period, and the month where you can actually wear jeans during the day, but otherwise it's thongs, shorts and a singlet.
@USER Good morning Lee. Have a good day. Take care ? @USER Hello Andy happy Thursday my friend. Good to see you have a fabulous day.???
@USER Convince a patient with “weakness” not to get intravenous fluids with pink or yellow extra energy supplement injection ?‍??‍? @USER  @USER Convincing  elderly patients to go for oral analgesics rather than injectables at rural health centers.
Wow - Well done, Stormers! #URCFinal  ?? @USER Wow - Well done South Africa for showing us some all attacking exciting rugby. Great game and well done the Stormers, had you wrote off at halftime?
A mate of mine found a baby duck in his closed off yard once, he took it in and it grew into a fuck of great big white duck, he keeps ducks now.
He reckons a seagull nicked it from a farm and dropped it. so the tale of the stork bringing babies is based in truth after all...
@USER Brady hasn't got a clue. @USER  @USER Viney might though.
Morning babieeeees happy hump DAY! ?? @USER Goood morning hope you have an amazing day.
If you can access fresh coconut, jaggery and poached rice, there's a Goan dish called fao which takes less than 5 minutes. I think you meant pounded rice?
Wanna sell some crack? Or craic?
Can you believe that business support will be delayed and then backdated because of Party recesses.. that few weeks could be the difference for some operators..

All because of Party Conferences.

They should have been cancelled with all the missed Parliamentary days already. @USER Exactly ?
@USER "Lock Up your Sons &amp; Daughters..". @USER  @USER Well definitely your sons.
It's the end of the world as we know it. Who said that? 51 jerks needs a new word: sabastooge! Sabtogeing the public by the unelected deep staters.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Many Many Congratulations... @aartimahajan_20. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nice one Eddie. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ah thanks Mary, was a lovely evening &amp; great to see the Igbo community take the lead in organising the event to celebrate the diversity &amp; cultures living in Waterford.
@USER I zoomed in on book titles first, I'm such a nerd :). @USER We hope we passed….? ?
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. lol many appreciative guests slept in their cars that night.
Don't drink a lot of alcohol, don't smoke, lose weight, play the didgeridoo, sleep on your side or stomach. Rolf?
Rise and shine beeches. Wakey wakey.
I hate that Coillte is run as a profit centre, there's no reason for it. Maybe at the founding of the state when we were penniless, but there's no excuse these days. They should be looking after and promoting our native or re-planted forests, not planting foreign species that ruin the soil in the name of money.
My grandfather planted a wood that is enjoyed by people today, I'm glad the soil isn't good enough for Sitka spruce and so it's almost all native trees, but this is the rare exception. Coillte is kind of a pointless organizational to be honest. They aren't even really run as a money making organizational because they can't apply for grants in regards to the planting of commercial forests anymore after the EU smacked the Government down for doing it. Everyone else can though so they can't compete on price.
Ok genuine question here: if your lane is empty and you just carry on  maintaining your speed and go past them, is that still classed as undertaking? No it's not. 
You are keeping up with the flow of traffic in your lane. If some moron is hogging the second or 3rd lane and travelling slowly you cannot be expected to weave between lanes to get in front of them. They're the ones breaking the law. 
I wonder what would OP do if the lane hogger was in the rightmost lane?
The media love to throw up trade scenarios.

So let's do the same for them.

Who would trade in/out from the footy media on TV/Radio/Paper.

(Mega super deals accepted!). @USER Brian Taylor waived for salary cap space.
Kids that wear band shirts but don't actually support that band....I'm looking at you dumb emo kids in the Misfits shirts. I’m definitely a part of the younger metalhead community and I do have some shirt from my favorite bands but I really support them. I went to a Slipknot concert 3 days ago actually, but I do understand what you mean.
Internal matter? ...But India is a signatory to the universal declaration of human rights?..Isnt it ? Question here is , is citizenship a right of  a migrant? .
Whe have a constitution defining the citizenship.
Constitution will take precedence over UNHRC  in terms of deciding on citizenship as unhrzc declaration is nonbinding and we are a sovereign country.
Nationwide and open wide. Operation Transformation and menstruation masturbation.
In fairness, a British van would be on the hard shoulder. God bless British Leyland and all the plants on the hard shoulder their broken down vans watered.
Old colleague rang me today. ‘Just got to tell you this story. My friend who is 68, fit and healthy and still working as a lawyer in Melbourne has just spent 5 weeks in hospital suffering serious neurological symptoms. Doctor told him it was related to his fourth jab. 1/2. I said ‘did you tell your (GP projab) wife this story?’ Answer. ‘Hell no. You’re my release button.’ #antivaxxerlife 2/2.
"you're going to have to look for the cat with your pants off". This needs some background information.
Modi is a megalomaniac and attention seeker. He can't keep himself off the mainstream media. This is not happening. Just another PR stunt. posting this again because r/india has taken down two posts under which I made this comment.
Dying very quickly. Them tents are expensive. Cheaper than rent.
Or just buy a smart plug. And how, pray tell, do you turn the kettle on? There’s a button or switch on the kettle?
I don't know about you but I voted to make America great again, not for nuclear armageddon. @USER Same thing.
BREAKING REPORT: Marine Recruit, Private First Class Javier Pong – [18 YEARS-OLD] – Dies After Collapsing During a Training Exercise at Camp Pendleton... @USER  @USER Prayers for the family ?❤️?  #RIP.
Post school every single day from 4 to 630 used to be cricket , badminton. After 6 30 pretend to study so parents don't get mad.


Cycling around parks with friends to see couples making out. 


Talk talk and fucking talk. Watch any movie, discuss each fav scene and have a laugh together. Watch something funny, discuss with friends and laugh again. 


Read Sportstar, reader's digest , tinkle , champak diligently everyweek. Save the favourite copies of Sportstar which have pictures of Anna kournikova , Marina Hingis and Steffi Graff for wank session later. Same with regional movie magazines . 


Explore. Go to every nook and corner of the city with the gang and do nothing . 6) Hindi comics (Doga, Dhruv, Nagraj) in circulation with friends for exchange
7) Every Sunday is for playing games and watch Movie on Doordarshan
8) VCR means overnight 3-4 movies with neighbourhood gang
9) Only real friends no virtual friends
10) when News means news and politics was ultra boring
11) when one friend has bike and whole gang use that.
The Irish Traveller community lost three children to suicide this week. Ages 13, 11 and 9, all bullied to death for their ethnicity. It’s happening week after week and they’re getting younger. We don’t need thoughts and prayers, we need anger and action. @USER I'm so sorry ?
I’ve recently moved to New Zealand and the culture at restaraunts here is to go and just pay at the counter instead of asking for your bill. It’s incredibly liberating and just makes so much more sense than having to wait for your waiter who’s probably horrendously over worked to deliver your bill to your table! Order while in-line, pay before/at the end on the counter is glorious.
Found the original cart in an article on the proposed upgrade.
Interesting that it appears to have been $50k over budget but that wasn't mentioned. Government project being over budget is a given.
Sex? You guys are having sex?
Looks like NCP will also go the hindutva route after sharad pawar dies. when did NCP have an ideology.
"Fancy a lighter option?  Swap out the bread for some salad"
Don't do this, just don't.  After all, a chicken fillet roll is not a chicken fillet roll without the roll. Want a vegan option? have a salad.
Ex-pat in China. The Union Jack is printed everywhere in China.
On e-bikes and cars, clothing, stationary, merch, shop logos, handbags, advertising, EVERYWHERE.
The only time I've ever seen any other flag is the Stars and Stripes on a pair of skimpy running shorts some sweating half-naked yank was wearing. I think you might be missing a big red flag there...
Does anyone else get a cold nose when the temperature drops? I always feel like I need a nose sock kinda thing ? @USER My nose runs . Yes. I guess it does get cold !
@USER Next up the 747? ? @USER No point. We don’t move enough of them. We have some contractors to use on the occasion they come up.
If you are wearing this mask for screening corona virus whole day, you will be the first person to catch it. At least wear proper dress like doctors in China. Also those proper masks lose their effectivity after 4 hours( moisture from breath) so change it frequently.
Of the top spenders:
Latvia - To deter Russia
Estonia - To deter Russia
Greece - To deter Turkey
Cyprus - The other half of their island is occupied by Turkey
France - Involved in multiple engagements around the world. Takes a lead in European defense. Maintains an expensive modern nuclear deterrent.   
There is an argument for contributing more to defense in the region as a whole that said.
What does Ireland need to deter? Russia is the obvious party who would target Ireland. 
We're a massive host of American tech companies. Targeting Dublin with online attacks, etc, would cause huge economic damage to the west.
I'm allowed to go for a cig break every 3 hours.
EDIT: On a more serious note, I have free reign to do what I want when it comes to making spreadsheets and experimenting with work. In my last job, it was so restricted I wasn't even allowed to use lookups because they "didn't trust it". This is insanity. Surely anyone who understands the functionality of a lookup in Excel is also smart enough to realise they aren’t the devil incarnate?
I would’ve just used INDEX(MATCH) instead and told them it was safe.
What does this mean? Can somebody ELI5 to somebody who has literally no idea how this affects me? The RBA lends money to other banks who then lend money to you and I. For the last six months or so, it's at an interest rate of 0.75%, and so a bank might charge you say 2.75% for a loan.
Because our econmical outcome is looking worse and worse and the government isn't or can't do anything about it, the RBA has decided to lower the interest rate to 0.5%. This in turn is suppose to force your bank to lower your interest rate to 2.5% and you then use that extra 0.25% to go out and spend or invest it to try to stimulate the economy.
>how this affects me?
Unless you have a mortgage or a bank loan, you're not really going to feel the impact immediately and even then, that's if the banks pass the rate cut.
imagine being so fragile that the thumbs up emoji fucks you up

at least i have real problems. @USER  @USER I'm listening.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What response did you get from UIDAI? As i am having same issue and i have placed the request and status is Refund in Progress (Dont know why) and i am not able to order again as some error. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER No response.
@USER  @USER It was powerful Urlo. Made me cry. @USER  @USER Yep very much from the heart.
The last thing that i had on a £20 note looked like it came from Colombia. Why would there be coffee on a £20 note?
@USER It is bewildering that they think they are invincible and don’t believe in the injuries…until it happens to them.

A game of Russian Roulette. @USER It is odd when the penny appears to drop that the jab may be harmful that they don’t reflect on the fact that they themselves and their children took the shoddy jab based on lies. They should be enraged. It must be a self defence mechanism not to reflect on it too much.
You know, I thought about this for a couple minutes, and I really don't have one. Man that's sad... Well what’s your not so secret kink?
Mera koi dost nhi hai yaha? @USER I m here.
Introduce yourself by something you were called at parents evening:

Hi, I'm a pleasure to teach. @USER Hi there, I’m Could Do So Much Better.
Is there anyone else on twitter today that didn't watch any of the pageantry on the TV. @USER Yes moi.
I would like to see a picture of the cart before I decide my suitable level of outrage. If you believe the Daily Mail...  URL.
You're exclusive when you stop seeing other people. I know this sounds like a stupid question, but the guy I’m currently seeing said he’s not seeing anyone else and agreed to let me know if he does see someone else, and the same vice versa. Does that mean we are exclusive for now? I’m new to all this lol (I’m 25, just got out of a long distance relationship).
Just wait until we beat Modi. None of you will be able to show your faces in society.
Burn their names into memory. 


NV Ramana


SK Kaul


Subhas Reddy


BR Gavai 


Surya Kant


Along with Bobde. 'Nuremberg trials', can't wait more for that day!
I'm sure someone who describes themselves as a "professional lover of movies, games, TV, etc" won't be out of work for too long......... Can't tell if this is sarcasm or not....
Said the art mistress to the gardener!! I thought this was funny, showed it to my SO and SO housemates. Non of them got it. Should I just cut my ties with them now. Didn't even now who the black rod is or what a garden entrance could be.
I feel like there hasn’t been a lot of team acknowledgment of Pride Round, or am I crazy? @USER So I think it's technically next week ? But some of teams who have away games next week are going early to get a home Pride game 
Because I also had the same thought, and given it was a WB/Carl idea seems very bizarre to have nothing from either club.
@USER ? Tell him, weird is cool!!! From all of us here in Twitter world. @USER I will tell him ? thank you.
@USER  @USER He is trying a Remake, behna 
Original is #BharatJodoYatra. @USER  @USER  @USER This not a security risk but being in the middle of a flyover in Punjab , surrounded by commandos is?
I never go to mass but had to this past 2 weeks for family occasions. Notable at today's mass we got a lecture on the unborn,how to pray away imminent WW111 but no mention of the tragedy up the road in Cresslough ? Still livid at the priest who said WW111 was imminent at a children's mass today. Not least for making me define imminent as 'a long way away' to Chung Flit. What an arse. No more mass.
@USER Black Tower Leibraumilch. Too sweet for me now. @USER Or was it Blue Nun? ?
Panic buying. It’s the same in Canberra and Gundagai and Melbourne. Overbuying is a self fulfilling prophecy and will cause a food supply shortage. Not good. will wait until I hear that ScoMo has left the country for Hawaii before I panic buy anything.
Election Predictions: Republicans will win the House! Stacey Abrams will lose in Georgia!   Any takers? @USER I say the Dems will hold the line….
And Muslims should understand that there is nothing to fear about CAA-NRC. It is this lack of understanding due to which the angry Hindu mob have to kill them. Once the Muslims stop fearing CAA and stop protesting, they don't have to fear the Hindu mob also. Lmao I feel like it's sarcastic but the time and environment we living in right now doesn't feel like sarcasam..
Like a bhakt can say this and will stand by it...
@USER  @USER  @USER We are heading your way on Sunday Neil will Craft be open? @USER  @USER  @USER We are - a soft re-opening with homemade Quiche, Rosscarbery Sausage Rolls, cakes, scones and Stone Valley coffee. 10-5pm.
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER If that's their choice...probably the ones that makes the most sense....thinking about going down here...its a beautiful Island...beautiful people.
@USER Chilling on Twit, while recovering from 3 dental extractions. Call me Gummy. @USER Poor bugger,did you have to take out a lone. Ian.
A Cause Des Garcons by Yelle it's a French Dance/Electro pop song i randomly found
The name translates to Because of the boys. not that bad.
Started feeling difficulty in swallowing and then after a few hours , voila! Pharyngitis !
Just one day before exam sickness is just the cherry on the icing of my not so good preparation for the cake that's gonna be my results. oh i know that feel bro, once i had this head hammering viral fever and exams ke beech me vo bhi.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! How long does it take to get irish citizenship?
@USER Saves you what, £2,50?? @USER Was about £1.61 all in the jokers.
@USER That’s the 1 Million $ question. Exactly!!! @USER I guess, we were all shocked by Pell and his vile evidence.
The idea of superpowers has been around for a long time. A google search show the Poper Puff Girls was created in the 90s. But comicbooks have been around for a while. Marvel had comics during WW2, and DC comics was made in 1934 my a US Major in the army. 
The idea of superpowers, supernatural powers, and powers given to humans by god, has existed for thousands of years. We can't really say who created these ideas first. But, we can say that it wasn't the creator of the Power Puff Girls, sorry. Thats your realistic and correct information but like you're still wrong.
@USER All the best bro. @USER Thanks bro.
Um....please don’t go back to work tomorrow. You should be self isolating! It's OK, Lord Kilclooney has you covered:
"Better for everyone that you are locked up for 14 days"
Apparently it's not a parody account, he's really that bad.
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER sometimes, but i dont care, no one can judge others by tweets.
Are they cops? Why are they wearing bibs? That's a police vest.
@USER Why is ozuna dh? @USER Both fair questions.
વડોદરાના સલાટવાડા વિસ્તારમાં રખડતા ઢોરે ગર્ભવતી મહિલાને અડફેટે લેતા ગર્ભમાં રહેલા બાળકનું મૃત્યુ, મનપાએ ઢોર માલિક સમજતા નથી એમ કહીને હાથ ઉંચા કર્યા

#Vadodara. @USER Chotila hiway par pan che jo daya aave to tya pan koye javu.
Well as an Irish man to you: thank you for taking those shitty jobs none of us want?? Hey if it wasn't for old Wojtek that works at the sketchy car mechanics down the road you wouldn't have passed the NCT.
The Left's problem is it can only entertain one narrative -  that all Tories are evil Thatcherites who put fiscal parsimony above everything else. They can't get their heads round what Truss is actually doing. @USER ....oh yes we can...bet your Monaco resident owner must be delighted...!?
So much for sticking up for the little guy, Nick?
Hopefully now people see Xenophon's true colours, and they aren't those of a "sensible centrist," but a cynical opportunist. fuck i hate that guy hope he rots with the rest of them!
Roastme
Unfortunately, because The idea is great. But the actual situation is missing the point that it’s supposed to be about humor. I feel the same way
The best roasts I've seen have been a creative and funny way to make fun of someone's appearance, the worst just come off as playground insults.
@USER Magar ye ho na saka….. @USER  @USER अच्छा ही हुआ l नहीं तो Amitabh would not have survived the Coolie punch...
@USER @NualaNiC's jacket is extremely good. @USER  @USER Thanks a mill Rachel x.
The Clothes Show. Was that I’m after Antiques roadshow? Maybe it was a Sat? Also, Time Team, I  feel like it should’ve been Sun night if it wasn’t. > The Clothes Show. Was that I’m after Antiques roadshow?
IIRC it was on Sundays, but at like 3 or 4 pm?
EDIT: Close. It was 5pm in 1993!
@USER I agree and I Chelsea and Jamus reminded me of that exact couple too, I think Sherri was her name, I forgot her husband’s name. @USER I couldn't remember the names. I know it was shocking to watch. If social media had been popular then it would have blown up.
Smoked a joint about an hour ago. I did too...but I consumed legally...
I assume you don’t live in a legal state.
"Mood kyu kharab hai?" Bhai meri puri zindagi kharab hai. @USER Awo may Tek kr do ?
@USER  @USER ??? @USER  @USER Thank you my guy ??
Scientists have discovered a way to combat anxiety disorders: This breakthrough remedy also helps people cope with depression, fibromyalgia, chronic pain, nervous exhaustion, and other conditions. Don't put it off any longer because demand is increasing by the day. @USER Grass means no Skittles or Haribos , Young Dumb and Broke Khalid. @SkyNews.
It's Reduce, Reuse, Recycle.  
They're ordered that way intentionally, with the most preferred option being reduce, and recycle being the least preferable out of these three options.
With that in mind, I am definitely doing my part, instead of recycling my Brita filter, I have opted for reusing the same one side many many moons ago. Oh I agree, we've reduced and we reuse the things we can. And I recognise that a Brita filter is mostly unnecessary, but given that we use one for now I was pleased to see they can be recycled (and ashamed to say we have binned them in the past due to our ignorance). We also use them for longer than it says on the pack.
Ending my life ? goodbye y’all. @USER This is a fake account she doesn’t have a Twitter.
Binge watching Vox channel ke videos with the tastiest chips of all time ( Blue vale Lay's, not looking for a debate here) is a healthy coping mechanism. Green Lay's are bettet.
Many Irish Americans who care about parades are still card carrying Catholics. So yeah.
Are the super Catholic old schoolers in Ireland also lgbtq+ allies? Or do they also go with what the Church says?
Or have even the old school over 50+ folks turned away from the Church at this point? Most catholics I know in Ireland have a brain and are compassionate & accepting towards others, unlike in America where they just use religion to hide their hate.
@USER Wow! A fox? @USER A fox! Cheeky thing just wandered into our bedroom and trotted happily round the bed!
read the article!  This place smashed out 80000 cups a year. Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year! This is a good investment. Next year: Coffee cart to be privatised.
My son came home from a party(obviously drunk) he had to throw up and he said he was ill from the food. your son is brilliant.
ITT: Many folks complaining that the title is misleading since there have been no actual tests conducted - because the scientists are irritated that they have to spend time and resources behind such a wild claim - rather than undertaking more important research.
so my new question is - if there is a large scale experiment where the effects are actually monitored & documented - do you reckon people will actually sign up for it.... and willingly put themselves in the mix "for science". Faith bad.
@USER  @USER That’s a border poll (when it comes) losing strategy! @USER  @USER People like Bison don’t care about the economics, they just want to be part of the UK, even if it means having to  live in caves and subsist on nettle soup.  Their ‘precious union’ is sacred to them.
People think optimizing for impressions means ignoring business goals.

But it really just means ensuring that your content gets seen. @USER Absolutely!
Greening Australia do a lot of good work. Thanks for pointing me that way!
Will check them out too.
African Greys are supposed to be really smart and friendly. And how much are we looking at for one of these.
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. There is some logic to this (but zero compassion) because they were often the manual scavengers back in the day. It is sick that manual scavenging is still a reality in India, when the technology to wipe out this profession is readily available. Unfortunately our government would rather pour funds into advertising campaigns to plaster Modi's face all over instead of building proper sanitization and sewage systems that make manual scavenging obsolete. And I believe it is inherently wrong to treat anyone as "lower caste" or "untouchable".
According to a book written by Patrick Radden Keefe, the prisoners were ready to accept a deal of some kind but Gerry Adams blocked the proposal as he thought there was too much ground to be made with the resulting propaganda. I cant see that being true but if it were then things should have been a lot different for the men that died. I hard that Maggy was secretly prepared to gice in on some things but the propaganda value was too strong for the IRA. Was that author the one who said there were threats to some of the hunger strikers families if they came off, or was that someone else?
@USER I think it’s a brilliant idea, puts candidates at ease allowing best attributes to shine through. Interviews currently don’t assess the suitability for a job, they simply assess how good you are at interviews. @USER Understand worries about preparing false narratives, but this could be identified with gentle probing on the day. If not supported by a foundation of truth, it should be easy to spot. Those that could blag their way through would be able to no matter what.
What is the correct number of abortions for which a pro-life candidate should pay?

Asking for my evangelical friends. @USER 8 is my lucky number.
@USER A party platform other than what they scabbed grom the KKK and Proud Boys. @USER *from.
ଅର୍ଚନା ନାଗ ସର୍ବଦଳୀୟ ବୁଦ୍ଧିମତୀ ମହିଳା ଟିଏ ଥିଲେ
ବିଜେଡି,ବିଜେପି, କଂଗ୍ରେସ ସବୁ ଦଳର ନେତାଙ୍କ ସହ ସମ୍ପର୍କ ସ୍ଥାପନ କରି ରଖିଥିଲେ
ଯାହା ଫଳରେ ଏତେ ବଡ଼ ଘଟଣା ଉପରେ ଏବେ କେହି କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ  ଆନ୍ଦୋଳନ କରିବେନି
ସମସ୍ତଙ୍କର ତ ଏଠି କେଂ,କିଏ କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ କହିବ....?? @USER We r targetting one girl here,many women who r staying in BBSR in independent houses r involved in illegal criminal activities.There is no background check happening in apartments and independent houses. So many private organizations r getting registered without verification.
Thankfully, we don't have thousands of people from all over the world visiting Ireland in two and a half weeks time. It should be cancelled, you'd imagine there will be an awful turnout anyway.
Sometimes I really really absolutely hate being a grown up. @USER 100% this. Hope your day improves.
Here you go mate, hope you're good at chemistry: 
 URL. You'd have to be high to want to do this, I mean really.
@USER  @USER That comment sounds so creepy in any context outside of a record lmao. @USER  @USER Hahaha exactly what I was going for.
Got to know yesterday that our company is getting shut next month due to loss. And this was my first job. Preparing resume now to apply for other companies? Oh man. Sorry to hear that.
Road traffic offenses arent criminal offences as such. 
This is not legal advice but I don't think it would be on your vetting anyway. 
I got a copy of my stuff and the penatly point stuff wasnt on it. Thanks.
@USER Now I’m curious. What did this fox say? @USER Nothing. He or she just looked at us….imperiously.
@USER As a local, I LOVE the strip. It's more fun Manhattan just a few minutes away whenever you want it. Then also having suburbian just minutes away with great malls around. It just does not get any better for me!

#goknightsgo. @USER Most people that tell me they are local and love the strip, don’t work on the strip. I’ve lived here my entire life, and I’d rather not hang out where I spend most of my time.
He's speaking the ancient language. Oabf soq6t 69s f siwyr ishrb fuck me daddy jdvdk didve kavsvr7d UConn of e.
When something is a demonic cycle in your life- you can't counsel it- you must be delivered from it by the blood of Jesus! @USER I am delivered of known and unknown demonic attacks in Jesus precious mighty name amen and amen.
@USER Aaaaaaaaaaggggghhhhhh. @USER That’s a very long acronym for a roadside assistance group.
@USER there's literally zero shame in writing "B was the first time I became aware of X, as it turned X mainstream", especially compared to "B was tbe source of X". @USER There never is, of course experience tells me that its entirely dependent who and what you are.
When your kids friend comes over for a sleepover and brings you a gift… and it’s a “f*ck the patriarchy” necklace she’s made. The kids are alright #feminism #patriarchy. @USER They clearly know your aesthetic ?
fuck your zodiac sign what pokémon do you start with. @USER If we talking OG starts, I got my squirtle squad!
One thing to understand is, that this cannot be contained, all analysts are saying that countries can only buy time, while they get prepared. So it will definitely come, it is even spread to US and Canada. 
Also this is not a death sentence, chill and follow best practices. Might not be a death sentence, but to a country of 1.3 billion, if it spreads and people to not listen to health officials, it can cause serious damage that will be very expensive in terms of recovery. 
We all have China as an example, see how much of the businesses are struggling and how much it is impacting the economies. With only 2 cases confirmed in India, the the sentiment if the investments have been affected today.
So I definitely would suggest to chill, but also to be prepared....
No promises, but I think I’m going to finally drink a hard seltzer today as one of my shifties. @USER I may have missed this, are you very anti seltzers?
@USER Labour is finished thanks too Keith and his mates ??????? @USER Who’s Keith?
Why are so many world leaders absolute dickheads?
> Did you hear? There's a natural order
> Those most deserving will end up with the most
> That the cream cannot help but always rise up to the top
> Well I say, "Shit floats". Because they're the ones most willing to kick others off the ladder and say whatever it takes to win over people who aren't paying attention.
Stupid. You can't spell stupid without tape.
@USER where. @USER Pl gurden pune.
We've been told not to travel and I've some eejits being like I'm not cancelling my holidays I just wont tell work and come back in and I'm like...I fully hope you're struck down over there (we have a work from home option like). Same thick cunts will be giving out over the health service not being able to cope when they're the exact fucking people who will have actively played a part in the virus spreading quicker
I'd stop interacting with someone so fucking thick.
How many jaffa cakes is it acceptable to eat in one sitting?
The only correct answer is all of them. And preferably a triple pack.
i have no idea why I’m so horny. it’s ridiculous off the charts. #thisis45. @USER Awesome ?
It's the end of the world as we know it. Who said that? 51 jerks needs a new word: sabastooge! Sabtogeing the public by the unelected deep staters.
जब देश की लंका लगेगी न तो उससे कोई अछूता नहीं रहेगा, 

वे अंधभक्त भी नहीं जो आज बिना अच्छा-बुरा सोचे आंख मूंदकर सरकार की जय जय कर रहे है!! @USER  @USER You are right mam aapke pair Kahan hai mujhe.
Food exports out of Ireland was so important that they stationed more British born troops in Ireland than they had in India. Plus they got the then pope to issue the threat of excommunication from the alters of Ireland on anyone interfering with the export of food. 
The RCC only responded to the starvation crisis when they saw Baptist evangelism elbowing in. Otherwise millions starving was not a concern to them. And they also imported food in one of the first major attempts to stop a famine. 
Peasants starving was not something 19th century regimes normally cared about, be it any of the famines in Ireland or Britain, or anywhere across Europe. 
Some of your points don't really make sense either. The British used sepoys in India, they never had huge numbers of British troops stationed there because it was really far away. 
Also, who do you think was exporting all this food? Do you not realise it was mostly Irish people?
Peak TV ratings during Queen's funeral
BBC1: 19.5m
BBC2: 2m
ITV: 5.3m 
Sky News: 934,000
BBC News channel: 831,000

Combined peak of around 28.5m viewers on main channels, final figure will be a bit higher. Excludes streaming.

Massive audience but smaller than Euro 2020 final. @USER Unless you had the tellybox switched off at the wall, it was impossible to avoid. I’d love to know how many actively watched. I didn’t turn my TV on to watch MasterChef on catch up until later. Didn’t want the pageantry flashing before my eyes.
While Prince Harry fights the tabloids that destroyed his mother and abused his wife, his brother Prince William works with the same tabloids to fight his SIL and offers his children pictures to keep the same tabloids happy… The Windsor Princes. @USER Harry seems to be constantly unhappy. I don’t understand why he’s not living his best life with all that privilege.
Let me interview Fenriz on Hot Ones. @USER Signing off on this.
If Muslims are prone to crime, and Indian police is biased against Muslims, then why are only 16% of convicted prisoners are Muslims?
That statistic does not show that Muslims are disproportionately criminal. Most likely because of they constitute only 14% of the population? (According to wiki).
Nothing better than a Sunday morning fry-up. Only question is… red sauce or brown?? ?? @USER Waitrose mayonnaise ??
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER ? hugs.
@USER Best of luck Massimo, hope it goes smoothly. @USER  @USER Best wishes for a successful operation and a speedy and comfortable recovery .
Probably BoTW and Minecraft. Yup.
@USER Congratulations ? ? @USER Thank you.
Good luck becoming a mental health nurse. 
I too was admitted to the psych unit. Still trying to make something of myself afterwards. Thanks man I'd like to make a difference in people's lives.
Hugo Boss got rich off using Jewish slaves to make Nazi uniforms. Fuck them. No he didn't, he got famous through comedy.
@USER  @USER I go with the theory that I am a survivor.  I've lived with PTSD  and trauma for so long and I'm still here, so I wonder how others would cope in my shoes, when you judge me let's see what you would have done. @USER  @USER Agree! &amp; well done. self compassion is so important.
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER Vice President!
There is a call for a total boycott of a community. It is made publicly by a BJP Member of Parliament. 

But Modi Ji is silent. As always. 

And everyone is quiet. The media barely speaks up nowadays. Radio silence. 

Tragic state of affairs in India. @USER Time to leave India &amp; go to a place where there is not so much sadness in state affairs !! What say sir ??
Y'all can't cope with the fact that not everyone in the world supports Western liberalism. That's not even the issue though, it's the fact that someone feels entitled to the understanding and empathy of others without having an open mind themselves.
It's hard to have a discussion when someone is so convinced that they are in the right they are blinded to even listening to everyone else. Nobody is 100% right. Not this guy, not Western liberalism, not any of us. So we could all do a better job at keeping our egos in check and listening to what someone has to say.
I think we all have a pretty good understanding of what the driver is like. Stereotyping is as racist as they come. 
Oh but you’ll get points because it’s anti British racism.
I've seen a stack of these photos but when I go down to Woolies or Aldi,  the only thing that's missing from the shelves is Aeroguard. Not just at the nearest one to me but the two other suburbs I regularly stop at to buy stuff as I travel past. Might depend on your suburb I guess. In Carlingford, Sydney the aisles of long life products were like this.
Weak men are the most dangerous humans in the world. @USER Yes they are.
Can anyone redirect me to the right kind of n95 masks to be used as precaution? Would appreciate any links. Wash hands 
-When you Wake up
-Every 2-3 hours with proper soap and hum along to a song, atleast till you reach 3/4ths of the song approx 5 mins 
-Before you go to bed.
What happened to the pandemic? 

The ending seemed awfully anticlimactic, no? @USER It hasn't ended. I had Covid last week.
does anyone ever take their car to Valencia and expect to park there to get food?
I’ve never seen this ever. People walk, bike, uber/lyft. @USER I think I’ve tried this twice and regretted it both times.
Put SVG to the back for TV purposes. #Bathurst1000. For TV purposes they've kept him in the shootout. #Bathurst1000.
@USER Now wait a minute, you work on a car that has had 2 of the best "bottom feeders" in the business  drive it and all see in this pic is the inside line , why didn't you take it ??!!!! @USER ? it was far from a race track.
”...with the economy likely to grow at a rate slower than 5% in the current quarter, any talk of green shoots is just talk. A substantial recovery cannot happen unless investment in the economy picks up.”
In short we all are fucked. And Investment will only come if there is a pickup in demand.
In general, the Irish don't do big expressive celebrations like that. Seems like more an American thing? 
We're too shy. I dunno man, I'd be sweating at the thought of finding a tenner.
@USER gorgeous. @USER Thank you ??
Might I suggest a mass boycott of #Insiders this Sunday? @USER You're a bit late I started when Barry Cassidy was still hosting.
@USER Could be worse. I have a friend that wears flipflops in snow. @USER Haha!  You’ve never seen my barefoot snow adventures?
If you could run Brand  @USER for a day, what would you do differently? @USER  @USER I will arrange the pod cast with PM ,if  @USER doesn't like it then I will. Arrange with @harari_yuval.
@USER You obviously have an amazing daughter⭐️. @USER 2 suns and 3 daughters… all great Christina!
Looks like a Caterpillar D6, absolute unit of plant machinery. Not when the D11 exists!
Old colleague rang me today. ‘Just got to tell you this story. My friend who is 68, fit and healthy and still working as a lawyer in Melbourne has just spent 5 weeks in hospital suffering serious neurological symptoms. Doctor told him it was related to his fourth jab. 1/2. I said ‘did you tell your (GP projab) wife this story?’ Answer. ‘Hell no. You’re my release button.’ #antivaxxerlife 2/2.
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER So hard to choose…….let’s do both!
Should I make a giveaway when I have 30k followers?? @USER I am 1 winner for it already ?
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Paper Irish*.
Who wants another Badscandal Glen power release? @USER Oh yes, please ?❤️.
I ran out of TP and there was absolutely none at my local Woolies
Dangerous times my friends dangerous times. Welcome to the glorious world of shifting in the shower.
@USER Coming from dudes that have never put as much heart and sole into their passions to pursue something a very small percentage of people accomplish. Keep grinding and doing you! F the haters! @USER Soul*.
Also, this country is dead. No fucking doubt it is GONE. No reviving from this. here's what's gonna happen in the next few years:-

Muslims will continue to be killed and hunted
NRC and CAA will be applied without obstruction
Most Muslims will move to other countries as migrants
Yogi will become PM in '24
The Muslims still in the country will be killed and raped by sanghis
India will become a Hindu nation (duh it already is)
Then people will start to get divided by caste
The Hindu nation will realize that they should've paid attention to major issues like economy and shit before because now it's irreparable
This country where the police, the courts and the lawmakers are sold for prices, how can you expect justice even when everyone is the same religion
The country will fall into the trap of rich gets richer poor gets poorer
India will turn into Syria and RSS will be termed a terrorist organization like ISIS
'Virat Hindus' today will finally get what they always wanted

Maybe 5 years maybe 10 years or maybe 15 years down the line, one day, people will realize that they never wanted this. Even the sanghis will sit down and think "Is this what I wanted?"
Sit and think. Sit, and think. Agree to most of it. Except it won't be syria because of business tycoons who have all invested here heavily. May be something like Saudi Arabia that moves according to their religious laws and morals. No way I see a Syria here. Atleast the government has to maintain some level of image to get avoided from sanctions etc. Anyway I don't expect a Syria like situation.
Not me spending €60 in Boots when all I needed was toothpaste. @USER That’s a whole lotta lube lol.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER But its a Tory government now and has been for 12 years.. no need to imagine it happening now under them.
This surely should be a variable electronic sign. That would make so much sense.
on tonight’s episode of parenting:  I have shattered my child’s little heart into pieces by explaining that she is not, in fact, my little sister ? @USER Okay but that is adorable!  Poor little sweetie though. Children’s minds are awesome!
As much as i detest godi media, i feel sorry for this guy. I literally know nothing about him except for the fact that he is the OG b and d guy. Hahahaha. I don't feel sorry tho.
What do people think the worst case scenario is with COVID-19? Like do people think we'll get the country shut down for two weeks or what? Genuine question, I know it's something the government/international bodies don't want to talk about yet/at all so I'm curious what people imagine it to be. Total societal shut down with hospitals bursting at the seams and people dying at home. I think it's likely. Look at italy for a glimpse into the future. 2000 cases in 10 days and they are struggling. Society will pause.
Yes. You sure? I haven't heard anything.
This is the dickhead that urged more Holocaust education after Anti Semitic attacks last year  URL 
I guess it's all good humour and school boy antics Josh, until it's in your own backyard. Of all people, he should know better to pull his head in. Considering one of his staffers is incredibly anti-Semitic and Scott Morrison's got QAnon nutbags whispering in his ear I'm amazed Frydenberg hasn't realised he's in a shark tank and his bathers are made of chum.
Christianity
EDIT: idk why there is so much hate but just saying i have been a christian my whole life. So christianity is the only fake religion and all the ones ones are right? My rebuttle to your comment is “Islam”.
It's a perpetual cycle. with only politicians as beneficiaries. "The cycle ends here. We must be better than this"
I hope this is what people think. I know most won't but I still hope.
If a family member becomes infected and self isolated, isn’t it too late for the rest of the family at that stage? Because they would’ve been in close contact before the symptoms showed up. 
Say you’d kissed your partner the night before and then next day they have symptoms. Won’t you be guaranteed to get it too? A partner is far more likely to be infected - because of things like kissing. But siblings/parents etc are less because not kissing. But obviously they are definitely at risk because living in close quarters is known to spread things like this - look at norovirus. 
I would say the whole idea of not quarantining the families unless the exposed is showing symptoms is because if theyre not showing symptoms (coughing, sneezing etc) theyre probably not spreading it very far. You have to exchange bodily fluid to infect, so the idea is probably (hazarding a guess) that they aren't exchanging saliva etc. Will be interesting to see when an adult is diagnosed if they quarantine their partner.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Would that party be the republican greens.
How buggered am i? 28 with heart failure. I'm sure your lungs are perky compared to my 45 years of abuse.
Queen or Prince? @USER Tough one but I’ll go for Queen.
समय इंसान को सफल नहीं  बनाता, समय का 
 सही इस्तेमाल इंसान को सफल बनाता है... ✌
##Goodmorning? @USER Good afternoon ??
@USER  @USER  @USER Great shots of the owls Mark?? @USER  @USER  @USER Cheers ??
@USER Odeio-a tanto. @USER Samesies.
Labor was in government for six fucking years and didn't once think 'gee maybe we ought to do something about the giant glaring nepotistic media monopoly in this country'?
Nup. Nothin. No spine in government, no spine out of government. I think they'll win next time but I won't be voting for them. Greens #1 Senate only. Same for HOR if I vote for it. #1 Greens only. If that spoils the HOR ballot tough, change the laws. I will not rank trash. Yep, Labor is just as beholden to the coporations and Murdoch. They act progressive but maintain the status quo. Vote Greens on everything, they actually have policies on the issues and modelling showing how it can be achieved. Although don't they not count your vote if you don't rank at least 8 or something?
Bumping privates. Happy cake day!
Here is my conspiracy theory
I think that IB officer who died in delhi riots, know something of important and tortured to get that information. Delhi riots are being used as cover up for his death. Ye thoda zyada merko lag raha hain.
Feck off with your PIRA/MI5 propaganda will ya. MI5: Big fans of the IRA.
Peak TV ratings during Queen's funeral
BBC1: 19.5m
BBC2: 2m
ITV: 5.3m 
Sky News: 934,000
BBC News channel: 831,000

Combined peak of around 28.5m viewers on main channels, final figure will be a bit higher. Excludes streaming.

Massive audience but smaller than Euro 2020 final. @USER Also the euro final was only on 2 channels so not really a fair comparison but still it had more!
Horses is a fucking garbage song, when did it become a cultural touchstone because I thought it was shithouse back in the 90s too. Horses needs to be taken out to the back paddock and shot.
Meet like-minded friends 
Vet and follow anyone that 
gives this tweet a ❤️

Please Retweet. @USER  @USER How come I’ve politely asked you for a boost many times but you ignore me?
@USER Then you got 2000 likes just talking about her post... @USER And you get a reply for responding to that tweet….
I thought that was going to be a really boring game after the first 20 minutes, but that turned into one hell of a final to be fair. Congratulations Leicester. @USER Hope you got to see the URC final, was an absolute cracker of a game!
I'd use aircraft to drop pallets of supplies over affected areas. Clearly, anyone a pallet lands on wasn't meant to survive anyway. Some pallets may contain weapons also, for my own amusement. I don't think going full Fortnite is a good idea...
Peter Dutton is on  @USER again this Sunday This is his third appearance since the election. @USER  @USER  @USER Haven't watched since just after Speers took over... Don't need his biased Murdoch ignorance in my life &amp; he does not even try to hide his, or the bias of 'our' @ABCTV..
Epstein didn’t kill him self, and how the Coronavirus magically trounced the Hong Kong protests. Yes I'm sure China decimated its entire country and economy to temporarily remove HK out of the news cycle (after the media had mostly gotten over it anyway).
There is a great deal of research done on the efficacy of homeopathy, and you can google some meta studies on the subject. From my experience, (and the studies support this), homeopathy works on several ailments that main stream medicine has difficulty in treating, like respiratory diseases such as asthma, especially in children. It also has shown to be effective in reducing discomfort and pain from the side effects of cancer treatments like chemo, removal of warts without surgery, etc. 
The problem occurs when some homeopaths make outlandish claims on its cures. Homeopathy has its place in treating several chronic problems, but if people start believing it can cure cancers and the like, then they will run into major problems. So look at homeopathy as an effective alternative to some ailments that cause discomfort which main stream medicine cannot cure. But looking at it as an effective and complete alternative to allopathy will mean one will do so at one’s own peril. However, there is always the problem of finding an experienced and effective homeopath, since so many of them are just not upto the mark. Link a peer reviewed journal for these claims please.
@USER I would only add Buffalo Mozzarella and / or Burrata. (Who am I kidding, I mean both). Tomatoes… grilled peaches… the stuff of dreams. @USER Fresh mint, proper peppers and melons, the list is long ?
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER Dreadful..best wishes!
Black mambas?  He can get fucked.  We have Taipans thank you very much. Exactly! This guy kept getting increasingly annoyed at the fact that Australia is not paved with the blood of millions of people being slaughtered by kangaroos. He thinks that the amount of death kangaroos cause every year is equivocal to the amount of death caused by gun violence in America per year.
Queen or Prince? @USER Prince.
Yesterday in nifty volumes was 234 million and today’s only 120k . 
So Market is dull.
#StockMarkets. @USER At last u are talking charts ??
@USER ??? you're there, Mel! 3lbs is just heavy socks, really.  It's a lot of hard work, bless. May you always be healthy ? @USER It has been hard work but so so worth it.. thank you ? 

Gonna weigh next week- naked. ???
Man dresses appropriately for cold weather and is  silently harangued by idiot who has by some freak occurrence not yet won a Darwin award. ? Man hasn’t got the hang of the concept of taking off his coat if he’s a bit too warm.
This law was introduced off the back of the royal commission into family violence a few years ago. 
Pets, like children, are used by abusers as collateral over their partners. 
The commission found the difficulties of finding private rentals that accepted pets was a major factor in people experiencing ongoing violence.
This measure will save lives. I’d also hazard a guess that it will save lives through people having better mental health. Young people who are stressed and anxious might do better having a pet in the house to comfort them.
Stop thinking, just do it. I'll try.
Aren’t Shudra Dalit and untouchables same. No. Shudras are not really untouchables. Dalits though are. Shudras also faced Untouchability though, especially during the Peshwai in Maharashtra.
Post your Top 4 films of 2022 ranked so far ? @USER 1.RRR
2.RRR
3.RRR
4.RRR.
Ayup me ducks.  It's approaching 6:30pm here in Minnesota.  Just had two cheese n beetroot cobs and ordered lots of biccies from Amazon. McVities dark choc digestive, plain HobNobs, Penguins and fruit shortcakes.   Had a multi pack of Hula Hoops and pickled onion Space Raiders last month.
Have you all had enough rain yet? Could just do a cheese and beetroot cob.
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER Yep.
Coffin. Haha.
If he can consolidate Dalit and Muslim vote then it will be a massive blow to BJP. Dalits have been veering towards BJP inspite of it being a traditionally upper caste party. 70% of the total hindus are actually SC/ST/OBC so if he is able to have that vote, he will be GOLDEN.
@USER That's shocking. @USER At least it’s free of charge.
A mate of mine found a baby duck in his closed off yard once, he took it in and it grew into a fuck of great big white duck, he keeps ducks now.
He reckons a seagull nicked it from a farm and dropped it. so the tale of the stork bringing babies is based in truth after all...
He's been the fucking the country for a while now and I certainly don't consider it consensual! To be fair - we voted him I'm knowing how much he'd fuck us.  I feel he'd have a pretty good argument there was consent.
We are living through the government that our founders warned us about. @USER No, that was the last administration.
Migrate if you want to but just know that you're merely running away from the problem. Every sensible voter leaving is one less vote to defeat BJP. And don't forget one thing, once shit hits the fans, even the fuckers who claim India is doing great under Modi will also migrate and next thing you know, you'll be surrounded by the very shitheads you were trying to avoid. Those shite heads will start eating beef and sausage once they get out. 
Hypocrites the lot.
@USER So sorry to hear of the tragic loss of a beautiful child to suicide. @USER Thank you Barbara.
>    classic tv jingles: Hastings Direct, Calgon
As a 50 year old Brit, I can tell you I have no idea what those sound like.
I could tell you what Shake’n’Vac does though. Yeah get them to do the R White's Lemonade jingle..
I’m guessing either an enthusiastic child or a dog with very heavy paws has moved into the apartment upstairs…. Confirmed: enthusiastic child.
You have posted 5 times in the last 2 minutes and all of them are about pooing, slow to down. I’m on my way to church and I’m 7btw.
I was on twitter just now and saw about uttam nagar. Came here to check if it's true. I'm glad it's not. Thanks u/neglectedsince1994. Take care.. Have a nice day. :)
Stay alert.
@USER Fab news. Comhghairdeachas. ??? @USER Appreciate it Miriam just glad he absolutely loves Medicine.
Seriously, why are there SO MANY CREDIT SCORE APPS now?! Is there some sort of crisis I'm not aware of? Are brits really that shit with money? I need answers! The law changed with GDPR meaning the credit reference agencies were obligated to give you access for free. Previously they could charge some admin fee.
So to recoup somewhat, and deal with the cost of all the extra people wanting their information they decided to try to monitise a bit more. Sometimes you pay them directly for something, sometimes they sell you to loan companies. That sort of thing.
Fu#$ing eye watering.
But we can't afford to increase Newstart.
Trump would be proud. This is what would really stimulate economy.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. Maybe they want you to think hes dead when the real conspiracy is he is still alive.
Uneducated fucks.
This country's education system is a joke.
My toilet papers are at least useful to wipe ass. Those degrees are useless. Tell that to employers.    
And after u get a good job with ur toilet papers, make a post on reddit.
Sure everyone will be jammed into every pub in the country anyway. That's grand since that's an adults choice. The parade is more for the young ones who are vulnerable to the disease and I could understand why some would rather it not go ahead since people like anti-vaxxers exist.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER People.
@USER  @USER  @USER I very much hope for a signed copy. @USER  @USER  @USER Buy one and happy to do so !
Election Predictions: Republicans will win the House! Stacey Abrams will lose in Georgia!   Any takers? @USER Yo crazy dude.
@USER Dyson is amazing! You can also look at Berkinstock as well? @USER I actively dislike how they look, never ☠️.
Is there a dignified way to fasten a bodysuit? @USER Dignity is in tact until you give up closing it and just let it flap, imo xx.
@USER Some  says im aggressive .people  lables very  easily .without  knowing   the truth .recently one woman said im over reacting ?? @USER Do you remember one day a girl who thinks she is famous on Twitter scolded us a lot for the comment we made,A lot of other girls joined that girl and scolded us a lot, Remember,we kept our mouths shut because we didn't want to overreact.They think that only they are right?
I'm pretty sure you are meant to cook it first... Boil it before you cook it. It gets rid of the salty taste.
@USER That's heartbreaking. I think he's very handsome, and I'd definitely hang out with him if I were his age. @USER He’s adorable &amp; super friendly. I’m glad he’s my best bud.
#MedTwitter
I have the 20th edition Harrison (brand new) because I’ve hardly read 100 pages since I bought it. Don’t think it would be useful to me since I would be pursuing paediatrics. Don’t want to sell it either. What do I do with it? Keep it as a souvenir ??‍♀️. @USER Better to keep with self.
.
Have given to junior before books like - Robbins, f.netter etc.n regretted.
.
My recent such impulsive buy is
- new edition of 'first-aid'. Gonna keep it, hoping to learn something, someday! ?✌?
Tough enough. Wales are always handy, this is the best Finnish team ever but I don't know much about Bulgaria. We beat Bulgaria 3-0 a few months back so that's something at least.
Know what, I’m long overdue a trip to the lakes... especially with some helpless sheep. There is a guy - parks under my window every Sunday night at 8pm -- his sheep is in the back of his van could just hear this BAAAAAA,, BAAAAAH - til I worked it out. every bloody week like clockwork. Cumbria is funny. And he was getting a lamb kebab from the takeaway opposite. and took his pet sheep.
What is the correct number of abortions for which a pro-life candidate should pay?

Asking for my evangelical friends. @USER 8 is my lucky number.
Spoon and Fork. KFC Spork?
Brahmin culture
 URL. People having pride on their caste are the lowest form of cretins in the society. How does one even have pride over something that they had zero contribution in is beyond me. The era of stupid people is going to take us back decades.
My thoughts and prayers are tonight with the entire community of Creeslough following today’s devastating explosion.

Thinking too of all the emergency services, from across the north-west and NI working in very traumatic situation. @USER So so tragic and heartbreaking....thoughts and prayers for a heartbroken community❤.
Oh yes. Thanks :).
Looks awesome. Makes me want a cup of Cottee’s Coola cordial. There’s not much that doesn’t make me wanna make a Coola. It is THE taste of summer nostalgia.
Let’s just focus on this, for this minute: PROMOTE AND OFFER OPPORTUNITIES to existing staff. Like, a very obvious, long held custom that seems not very en vogue especially by the population with thinly veiled disgust towards the youth’s work ethic. We can’t win w y’all. And don’t just promote the COUGH MOST PROBLEMATIC ONES. Ok logging off before I’m slapped w a hasty call, or worse, you know what. I’m just sayin ??‍♀️.
More than 8 Crore content creators in India ??
Only around 1.5 Lakh of them are able to monetise it ? @USER Less than 500 cricketers in india(A grade ) , but ur namesake inspite of being in top 200 never able to monetise it.
I think it's harder to make friends as you get older and most of your childhood friendships that you maintain into your 20s and 30s are built in those turbulent teenage years and nostalga plays a big part .
The best you can hope for is drinking buddies after work well that's as far as I will let myself get with work colleges. I’ve thought about thst myself but the unfortunate thing is most guys in my work are older than me, so there’s only so much I can do. Most don’t do anything after work.
Literally signal us or ask for it? We are wait staff, not mind readers. Between taking orders, seating new tables, running out food, sorting drinks, sorting wrong orders out, helping out with the usually understaffed kitchen, cleaning out done tables, getting clean cutlery back on the floor, doing dishwash, answering questions, dealing with rude customers all day and having to daily deal with people looking like you just punched their baby when you try to turn a table and they want to sit and chat for an hour after you have cleared their table, please, just fucking ask for your bill when we are near and clearly not carrying shit loads of plates. We are very happy to get you out of the restaurant and on your way home if you literally just ask us. 
Never click your fingers though. You click your fingers at me, you sir or madam, are the biggest shovel mouthed streak of piss I can meet in a day. I swear a lot of waiting staff deliberately try and avoid eye contact precisely to stop you signalling them. It’s taken me 15 minutes at times despite constant effort.
@USER good l o r d. @USER I like pins ?
@USER Good morning 
   Forgetfulness ?☕️
Have a lovely Thursday ?? @USER Thank you Gary.?
Just this morning I was wondering, how did India manage to stay clear of this virus so far when so many other developed countries are falling prey to it. 
Pehle hi tension kam hain is desh main, ke ek aur. Are you familiar with the entire country of Russia?
I've said this many times on the pod, but losing Sasha Banks is losing someone who can legitimately be a crossover star. Big fail on WWE for that. @USER WWE Women's Tag Team Titles. Lol.
But it does reflect the cost of borrowing? So your money goes less far if you’re buying on credit? £300/ month gets you £10 1/2k at 3% over 3 years, same repayments at 20% is £8 1/4.
I’m no car expert but I recon 20% more budget probs gets you a better car?
What’s the Greatest Double Album of all-time…. @USER Jesus Christ Super Star.
The guys were fucking about crushing things with a 3" thick slab of lead that's about 18" x 12" (metalwork class) with the teacher away somewhere. Mostly pens, but one of the guys forgot to move his hand, and it dropped on him, literally bursting his thumb wide open. It was a bit gruesome, and he went a bit feint. He was OK after it healed though. Wow that is gruesome.
@USER  @USER Dear Sir/Madam, we assure you that we're with you in this. In order to protect your privacy and maintain confidentiality, we have replied to you via direct message. @USER  @USER This shows how fraudulent your services are and your bank as well.

I haven't received any message from your bank yet.
Such a short term outlook by the governing bodies. The sport gets so much more exposure and interest (and new fans) by being on free to air, terrestrial TV. Cricket hemorrhaged fans when it went from Channel 4 to Sky years ago, same with Formula 1. I used to go every year to Hockenheim. Had my fixed ticket in the Südtribüne, awesome seats. Favourite memory was Irvine winning and Jordan coming third in 99. Brilliant weekends mixing with great fans from all over. Once it went behind a paywall I lost interest totally, stopped going as I no longer watched. Couldn't even tell you the teams in F1 now outside the old regulars.
I really hope the same doesn't happen to the rugby now.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER My Russian friends living outside of Russia are all speaking to each other, worried and afraid for what comes next. They believe Putin will react fast in Ukraine as well against those who protest. This is not good. What will the West's response be?
>-If you are sick STAY at home
This! FFS. What about people that need to choose between eating and working?
@USER Good morning Lee again...I voted early already...all blue since Nixon...everybody please plan your blue vote now..the GQP MagaQ crowd are already promising horrible things if they take power... @USER Awesome.
I received my mail in ballot couple days ago.
Come to usa, trump is waiting for you? What is your name : 
Reject.
That would be Elon Musk's SpaceX Starlink Satallites. They launch them 60 at a time and they slowly drift apart to their final position over time. So for a while after launch they follow each other in a line like that. They are highly reflective so at dusk and dawn they can be easily spotted. Thank you mate this seems much more likely than aliens.
Think it's called filth. Do you have a wiki link? I can only find some scripted shows.
Super excited to watch some  @USER tonight on @paramountplus, but my code still has not arrived from my  @USER membership. Fairly confident the blame isn't on the Mariners here....Poor form yet again by the broadcaster of the game. So backwards. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I got mine yesterday in the junk mail folder.
Honestly, all celebrities. There are some who are truly educated about a topic and do a good job of spreading awareness. 
But those ones are vastly outnumbered by celebrities espousing politics and life tips as though they live in the same world as us— when the simple fact is: they don’t. I love Chrissy Tiegen, and she did an awesome Twitter Q&A about parts of her (and John Legend’s) life. It was super interesting, but really drives home how different celebrities live than regular people. 
Basically, do your own research. If someone says something you find interesting, look into it on your own and see what you can find. I agree. A lot of them are dumber than bricks. Others are 100% fake. You do have a few good ones, though, but they are far and few between.
@USER #FZS
I am a FZS V3 BS6 bike user and just after one and half year tank panel is got broken. Most of the FZS user are facing same problem. If we go to the service centre, they ask to change the panel. What a worst design for fitting of this tank panel.  1/2. Design should be rigid and trouble free. Very disappointed. People are investing 1.3 lac amount for bike means they expect something good. Whole tank is fitted on just 2 screws??  Look is okay but .... This tank panel is the big fault of the designer. Need solution
@India_Yamaha.
It sometimes scares me to think how close Ireland came to being a communist state. How...how close do you think we were?
The closest Ireland has come to communism was the election of FF in 1932, or at least, so Cumann Na nGaedheal claimed.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Christ, Dan. Grow up. Politics isn’t Spurs v Arsenal.
Everyone Is Still Grasping Jonathan Scott Tragedy, here is the full story. @USER Its not a tragedy. Its life. It goes on. He's fine.
My cat. Aww :).
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER If thalaivar attend Guru poojai any impact on Devendra Kula vellar votes? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Krishna Samy group knew the reality. They won't oppose it and at the same time bridging the gap between these communities will be possible.  BJP office bearers will work for that.
You applied for citizenship? WELCOME :) Ah lovely. We really appreciate you not skipping the line sneeking in the backdoor. People can come to Ireland whatever way they like. Once they’re here and they like it that’s the main thing.
It’s the law that since ancient times when a woman becomes a grandmother for the first time, she instantly acquires one of those ceramic hens sat on a nest for the purpose of storing eggs. I keep batteries in ours.... Its our battery hen.
Now that the dust is settling on Munster staying in Melbourne, can we revisit the fact that the Dolphins, Tigers or ANY other #NRL club were not supposed to be making any offers to Munster (or Anasta as his manager) until 1 November 2022. This whole thing was tampering and reeked of salary cap shenanigans. At no point did the other clubs have the right to talk to a player under contract for another whole season. The system needs reform and strong penalties for these types of actions.
Nobody cares about black history month including a large percentage of blacks . Obviously that's not true.., unless I'm not a person... existential crisis ensues.
That's because our secularism is still not cultivated as a value among the masses. Indian society continues to be feudal. We have failed in educating the masses in civic and moral education. Because practice of secularism  by the state from the start is flawed , state should be blind to religions, in all laws  at all avenues, there should not be any blank in any form anywhere which should ask for your religion.
@USER He'll be boldly staying put from now on. @USER  @USER Mission: to mopily go where no man has moped before.
@USER Most of people judge the book by its cover. @USER Hell yeah.
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. Anything to get a 'but Labor' answer in during QT. Was a disgrace and not actually relevant.
@USER Here's to a happy hump day and wonderful Wednesday. @USER Yes! Have a blessed day!
ஆடு இல்லாத தமிழ்நாடு அமைதியா தான் இருக்கு!?

Verified ? @USER Very correct.  Only I miss daily comedy  !!   All times happy is good for health but i miss only Because of Mr Adu Ammamalai, sorry come back soon and make TN happy.
Hi fellow chronically ill and/or disabled friends,

What's something about your chronic illness and/or disability that people around you don't understand? @USER That there is anything else wrong with me other than my legs not working.
@USER Wow! A fox? @USER A fox! Cheeky thing just wandered into our bedroom and trotted happily round the bed!
I've 'felt' summers getting longer but couldn't really prove it (or bother to prove it more like it). I know in Brisbane even though we're now in 'Autumn' (ie. late summer), our actual cold period didn't usually start until 1 May (which you could set your watch to). Last few years it started getting really cold in min June. That is AFTER the start of winter. 
All those global warming/climate change deniers can fuck right off. More summer = more energy usage (esp electricity to run aircons) = more coal being burned in coal fired power stations = more carbon in the atmosphere = contributing to climate change = More summer. 
Thats the theory. Oh wait....
(Now I'm going to sit back with popcorn and watch the flaming) :) Happy Monday everyone. Its Autumn and I'm sweating at my desk after the 10 min walk from the bus station. I remember summer 14/15 as being the worst summer I'd experienced for Brisbane/Redlands area. It really did feel like summer kept going til mid May.  I don't know where this summer ranks, but it does feel like the worst one since then as the previous years have felt mild by comparison.
Train your mind to stay calm in every situation. @USER Major key right there.
Hey aamir sir, we lost 42 lives in the national capital. 5 years ago, he did speak. He has learnt from that experience.
@USER CRH artist. @USER  @USER That looks about as interesting as a carpark.
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. WAR SESS TER SHY ERRRRRRR.
The Thai who murdered the children at the crèche was an ex policeman. He also murdered his wife and child and then he suicided. @USER He was obviously an abusive controller who didn’t like being told what to do. It’s good that women get censured for maybe being erratic a few days a month but men can keep carrying on like this &amp; we don’t ever attribute it to testosterone or gender.
If I didn’t need my health insurance I would have been quit my job. @USER Hang in there sis! ?
Hii

Good morning ❤️? @USER Good morning.
Coronavirus: Dublin school to close for two weeks as student has Covid-19
Closure ordered after student identified as first case in Republic
A scientist works at a laboratory in Israel trying  to produce a vaccine against  Covid-19. Photograph:  Jalaa Marey/AFP/Getty
Paul Cullen Health Editor
Updated: 2 minutes ago
A Dublin school with 400 pupils is to close for two weeks after one of its students was confirmed as having the coronavirus.
The teenager, who is the first person in the Republic to test positive for the virus, became ill in recent days after returning from Italy and is in isolation in Dublin hospital.
Public health officials have ordered the closure of the school in order to minimise the risk of person-to-person transmission of the disease.
The decision was announced by the National Public Health Emergency Team on Sunday evening.
The team announced the first confirmed case of the virus in the Republic of Ireland on Saturday night. Another case was confirmed in a patient in Northern Ireland earlier this week. That woman had also travelled from Italy and passed through Dublin airport. The Dublin-Belfast train was later sanitised as a precautionary measure as it was believed the woman travelled home on it.
Low risk
It is understood the risk to other pupils in the Dublin school is considered low but the closure has been ordered on a precautionary basis. Students are being told to self-isolate at home and to indicate if they start showing any symptoms.
Public health officials plan to maintain daily contact with the students by phone, and will ask them to indicate by text whether they are showing symptoms.
hospital as officials trace contacts
Parents were being informed of the closure on Sunday evening and a helpline for affected people is being set up.
There is no justification for any other schools closing due to concerns over Covit-19, public health officials have advised. No new cases have been confirmed in Ireland today.
The Department of Health released the following statement on Sunday evening:
“Contact Tracing of the confirmed Covid-19 case, in the East of Ireland, has identified and made contact with a secondary school. The principal, staff and parents of pupils of this school have been notified. Following risk assessment, all pupils and teachers are being treated as close contacts of the confirmed case.
The school will close for the duration of the incubation period, which is 14 days.
All pupils and teachers are being asked to restrict their movements until the end of the incubation period and will receive guidance on the meaning of ‘restricted movements’.
Public health doctors will actively follow-up with all students and teachers on a daily basis over the coming 14 days.
Dr Tony Holohan, Chief Medical Officer with the Department of Health, said: “Contact tracing has assessed that close contacts of this patient includes pupils and teachers of a secondary school. Public health doctors are in direct contact with pupils, their parents and the staff involved.
“Patient confidentiality in this case, and in all cases, should be respected. The Department of Health will provide updated information as necessary.”
The Department of Education said: “The Department of Education is available to assist the school in any way necessary. The Departments of Education and Health are in regular contact. The closing of this school was a decision made on public health grounds after risk assessment deemed it appropriate. All other schools will remain open. The Departments will continue to communicate with all schools on this issue.”
Covid-19 is spread through close contact with an infected person’s body fluids (e.g. droplets from coughing or sneezing), or by touching surfaces that an infected person has coughed or sneezed on.
The general public is advised to follow advice from the HSE and the Health Protection Surveillance Centre to protect their health. What’s with all the students traveling to Italy during February. Was the school in Maynooth had a load of students over there as well.
@USER  @USER Oh yes. Johnsons was a danger to national security will Truss be the same? @USER  @USER  @USER More than likely!
@USER Brady hasn't got a clue. @USER  @USER Viney might though.
Ten year olds. You won this question.
Iaintwotuthink is a genius lady. Ben_dover_pliss is trying to live his college days by stalking college kids.
Many Irish Americans who care about parades are still card carrying Catholics. So yeah.
Are the super Catholic old schoolers in Ireland also lgbtq+ allies? Or do they also go with what the Church says?
Or have even the old school over 50+ folks turned away from the Church at this point? Most catholics I know in Ireland have a brain and are compassionate & accepting towards others, unlike in America where they just use religion to hide their hate.
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. No, no it's not, it's just Wooster, you have to go and live in France now, your rights are revoked.
@USER Que Dios bendiga su alma,Oscar, al final todos nos vamos, lo importante es que su vida tuviera significado y tuviera una vida VIVIDA, solo tengo que mirar tus ojos en tu foto para saber que tipo de hombre eres, tu padre tuvo un buen hijo. solo hay luz donde ellos van. @USER Gracias macho.
Event Horizon is pretty wild. Love that film!
Political parties should never be tied so closely with religion. BJP should never have been a hindu party . All this bullshit would have never happened. Fuck religion for causing so much hate in this world. You guys missing the point BJP is a party which creates communal violence like this and will gain benefit.
Sorry RTÉ but with two SA teams I have to switch to the SA commentary. See you at half time.

#STOvBUL. @USER The SA commentary has just announced that the referee is Irish.  Great.
@USER Happy blessed birthday my boy. @USER  @USER ??❤.
Vegemite is the red line. You must like Vegemite. Only in the bedroom.
@USER This is such a bad idea. I can't think of a worse thing to go right there. @USER It will either have to have a tight parking garage as its base or…?? But yea it’s also gonna stick out like a sore thumb. But I guess the realty bros see a future where NG is just a bunch of high rise apartments. ?
The day im waiting for finally it came .going to write a exam which decides my future need all ur wishes ? @USER All the best bro❤️.
Seems like I'm the only one getting the joke that "muck" is pig in Irish so he didn't see any at the port. Thank you sir, the island in the picture is also called portmuck and there were sheep on it. I can only see that as a satirical rip at pigs.
My sink was blocked yesterday and the plunger didn't seem to be making much headway, so I went to the supermarket and got one of those cleaning liquidy things to do the job. Leave it overnight and the jobs a good'un. So I wake up this morning and it appears to have not done a thing. 
Now I've got corrosive liquid sitting in the pipes running out of my sink that I can't wash away. Great minds of /r/CasualUK/, what do? Poke it down with a rod? Wear protection and take off the u-bend and drain it into a bucket?
Top of the risk mgt morn. @USER Morning.
I was a teen in the nineties and I’m proud to say I’ve never seen this film. I’m totally impressed!
When something is a demonic cycle in your life- you can't counsel it- you must be delivered from it by the blood of Jesus! @USER I am delivered of known and unknown demonic attacks in Jesus precious mighty name amen and amen.
Cluster headaches are some dose. 
Had everything checked and all grand, but they really know how to knock the shite out of ye. It’s a pretty intense jolt. @USER Did you try eliminating sugar from your diet , it worked for my sister she was getting desperate migraines.
Yeah but it’s funny because it’ll do nothing to stop the spread of coronavirus.. True, if it is a droplet infection. 
Ring-a-ring o' roses,
A pocket full of posies,
A-tishoo! A-tishoo!
We all fall down.
Playing a fun game here, "Are they gay or do they just live in the inner North suburbs?". Dangly earrings, tiny shorts, an aztec patterned fleece and a shaved undercut/curly mullet are the look du jour.
@USER With mom's Bonneville in the garage... @USER I hope it’s a black SSEi.
RSS is actually the B Team of Jinnah.
They are proving Jinnah right. Makes sense. They were literal allies pre independence.
? #IBD patients - what bothers you most about your IBD at this particular moment in time?

Whether related to disease, service, cost, quality of life... whatever... The mic is yours! ? Take it away... @USER My life is so restricted since last year, diet, trips, events. I haven’t found any real balance with medication and I’m on weekly doses of immunotherapy injections and no improvement! ?
We have a guy who lives underneath us who is an asshole with his taxi. He leaves it running at all hours of the day whilst sitting in it, leaves it on the grassy verge which has now turned it into a mud pit, parks it terribly thus blocking half the road and has also blocked my partner's car in before. He also has a hobby of leaving his incredibly vocal dog sitting in the car whilst he does chores in his garden at all hours (the earliest we've had is 6:30, on that occasion we told him to shut up).
Recently someone smashed his window, not a clue who it is and in all honesty don't particularly care bar the fact that he now thinks it's someone in the local area who has a Vendetta against him and it is massively working in our favour. He asked why someone might've done it and we've just rattled off all our grievances with him.
Since then he's been far better and I'm kinda glad it happened? Although I'm also sure he blames us even though we weren't in the city that night. The power and lack of legal responsibility is really enjoyable. So you're saying to smash his window in. Got it. Brb, finding a brick and a trebuchet ready for the morning. Haha.
Ugh Newstart was the WORST. I moved states and had to be on it for a little while. They tried to send me to a literacy program, one to ready you for work, and one for writing CVs. I escalated through the useless people there finally to a manager and she was the only one who listened when I told her I had a bachelor with honours and had just left my PhD to move. That I had worked in the industry already and my CV was great but it was grant season, and jobs wouldn't start being advertised for two months or so.  Literally the ONLY person who listened.
Like, those courses were filled withand directed at people who hadn't finished school. How do you look at my details and not think 'yeah probably no need for literacy and basic math for this person'. I literally had one of these people tell me to take my PhD, lab experience and bachelors off my resume so that I could apply for jobs in retail. I was very happy to land a job by the time these fucktards were able to call me again.
Honestly, all celebrities. There are some who are truly educated about a topic and do a good job of spreading awareness. 
But those ones are vastly outnumbered by celebrities espousing politics and life tips as though they live in the same world as us— when the simple fact is: they don’t. I love Chrissy Tiegen, and she did an awesome Twitter Q&A about parts of her (and John Legend’s) life. It was super interesting, but really drives home how different celebrities live than regular people. 
Basically, do your own research. If someone says something you find interesting, look into it on your own and see what you can find. I agree. A lot of them are dumber than bricks. Others are 100% fake. You do have a few good ones, though, but they are far and few between.
Yes. There are lots of people who find what they want on dating apps. 
I for one, have found the love of my life. We're gonna get married in the foreseeable future. 
Also, I've seen enough posts on r/tinder where people have married each other after meeting on tinder. 
It all depends on you. Make it clear initially what you're looking for and you will find it. 
PS : 28 isn't old. You're going to be a hit on those apps. :). That's awesome man! Congratulations!
There should be a gaeltacht slasher movie that functions exactly like an American summer camp slasher only it's entirely in Irish. @USER But you can't swear in Irish... ???⚰️☠️?
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. No, no it's not, it's just Wooster, you have to go and live in France now, your rights are revoked.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Seriously right.  I only moved here 7 years ago, and that first summer was crazy with how many 40+ days we got in a row (which I hated).  But the last couple of summers are almost non-existent.
If you could “Delete” anything from your past, what would it be? @USER You would only choose to delete something tragic from your past. Which would completely change who you are today. So if you're unhappy with who you are today, delete away.
@USER All the best bro. @USER Thanks bro.
Wow - Well done, Stormers! #URCFinal  ?? @USER Wow - Well done South Africa for showing us some all attacking exciting rugby. Great game and well done the Stormers, had you wrote off at halftime?
I was going to tell you to watch out for the swans, only to realise it isn’t Glastonbury. 
Nice picture!
EDIT: Wells. Not Glastonbury. Lincoln's coat of arms (or at least the Uni's) features swans. Swans are a thing in Lincoln :).
Stupid thing is that the major brands of toilet paper are made in Australia.
Check if they have hand sanitiser. I was trying to google this earlier, wondering if the issue was import controls from Chinese paper; thanks for confirming!
@USER ‘Twas a moonless night, dark as pitch, when out the mist, came a beast more stomach than man. @USER  @USER “Captain McAlister, is it true that you’re not a captain at all?”.
Must feel good to be Adama Traoré right now. Who and what.
@USER  @USER  @USER I'm from Limerick. Limk Reg Hosp Ed has been like that as long as I can remember! And closing Ennis and Nenagh EDs resulted in the predicted clusterf**k. Friends, who have been in the ED, have had horror stories for years. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Same in Olol Drogheda. Navan, Dundalk, Drogheda cottage hosp and Monaghan all downgraded. I spent Sunday evening and night on a trolley in a+e. Scanned Monday morning, 2 brain aneurysms sent to Beaumont. Was grand till last night. Nothing happens at weekends apparently ?
@USER  @USER Available from…? @USER Did u get message I left you thanks.
@USER Not one person who I follow that supports Collingwood has talked him down. Not one. Perhaps put another mask on. @USER  @USER Come on Josh.
The Jews control Israel. ...
I mean, you're not wrong, but...
OMG! How many ads, external and internal links can you add on one article!!!!!!
India times : Infinite, the number is infinite. If you’re not using an adblocker in 2020 then you’re exposing yourself to a crap load of unnecessary web tracking.
Some site has your number, the other has your email and they’re all following you around the web if your not using any kind of ad and tracker blocking.
So that happens is that these fuckers are teaming up and tracking what you do around the web. Then then send you ads, emails, try to manipulate you with their ads and worse, try to scam you.
Use ad and tracker blocking. That shit ain’t no joke anymore. Web is a nasty nasty place and advertisers are pooping all over it.
Most people are asymptomatic in the early stages,and something like eighty percent of carriers only get mild symptoms.
So, scanning might look good,but is next to useless. How is it next to useless when it still catches people? Anything that slows its spread is useful.
Is there anyone else on twitter today that didn't watch any of the pageantry on the TV. @USER Me. No telly. No paper.
I need to make a jar of pickled onions and also visit the beach. Don't send help, I can manage both. You are on your own at the beach.  I will panic@home.
Public Figures who Mysteriously Died, Inside Jobs, Russian Intel, Voting Recounts, The Clintons, and as always, White People. Bonus upvote if you understand the reference of the last category.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Classy morning with roses and jasmine ??? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected My Dear Ma'am,

Very Very Good Afternoon ????

Thank You and Same To You Too Also ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
I literally passed a cafe an hour ago with himself sat in the window with other people and he looked stressed to fuck. I'm sure he's not worried about his staff members who he laid off. Click farms are nonsensical. If any account or post has a high number of likes or followers I'm always wondering how many actual real people liked it or followed it and how many bots did the same.
Done many interviews &amp; written several columns on  @USER and her disastrous economic policies so far I have said they are in ‘total disarray’ but seems inadequate as pronouncements get worse daily I have never in my fifty years of doing economics seen anything as bad as this. @USER  @USER  @USER It’s terrifying!!!
@USER looks so nice.... @USER Amazing national park within the town.  Just need to acclimatise to the humidity.
Start your day off right, with the stimulating news that Alex Jones is no longer allowed to run his InfoWars company, per a federal bankruptcy judge.

ENJOY! @USER That just made my day.
And then there was Bitcoin. 
Deflationary currency, open, decentralized, censorship resistant, pseudo anonymous, backed by the most powerful computer network ever. 
www.bitcoin.org
Bitcoin is likely to become the world reserve currency due to its limited supply, monetary policy, and the fact that no human can make changes to the network or money supply. 
Bitcoin protects you against inflation and governments screwing with your money. Shallow understanding. China, US and Russian govts hold the chunk of the exchange. All countries have used fake raids to seize bitcoin assets from people. FBI seized the entire wallet of SilkRoad owner after listing paedophilia content there themselves. Chinese are using supercomputers to generate bitcoins.
Its only better than petrodollars because US doesn't have a complete hold. The point is Indian govt has nothing there and if bitcoin becomes standard India and Iran will be hit first.
Drakes new album is dirt. @USER Get rid of 'new album' and this sentence works better.
@USER May I ask what exactly it is ? @USER  @USER Hot buttered crumpets ?
Open the Keystone Pipeline.
Build the wall.
Put America first. @USER Give it a effing rest.
Ending my life ? goodbye y’all. @USER This is a fake account she doesn’t have a Twitter.
@USER Dyson is amazing! You can also look at Berkinstock as well? @USER I actively dislike how they look, never ☠️.
@USER Hurrah! ???? well done that boy! @USER ?
At least you’re not upstairs on a double decker stuck on the Redheugh bridge. That’s the stuff of nightmares. As someone who has had to drive deckers across multiple times, I assure you, the driver seat is worse especially when you get a slight side wind, almost needed to change on the other side.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Melbourne is winter, winter, winter, winter as far as I'm concerned.
Nobody cares about black history month including a large percentage of blacks . Obviously that's not true.., unless I'm not a person... existential crisis ensues.
@USER Magar ye ho na saka….. @USER  @USER अच्छा ही हुआ l नहीं तो Amitabh would not have survived the Coolie punch...
Where will Leclerc finish? @USER Where is the DNF option? ??
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER  @USER will forever remain in my top 5.
Someone just told me they spent 7K on a gaming PC ? @USER Waste of money.
@USER I’ve already got one Diggs, a second one would be pretty amazing. @USER  @USER It'd be fun. But you telling me you wouldn't want two all star pass rushers on the edges?
@USER Sir,
It must be great opportunity! 
We are happy to know more details on qualification and skills for the post. @USER You can first apply and if you satisfy our needs, my team will get back..
Eir have been going downhill for at least 6 months now. Their 4g no longer works for me on the Dart or Luas during rush hour. I'm going to change. Yeah I actually have up using my phone on the Luas, 
Who is the best? VODAFONE?
Is this a British thing exclusively?
I thought I was ok with 30+ items, there's plenty of self checkouts and rarely a line. 
The lack of lines probably makes it ok. A basket is the max at a self service checkout. We’re not talking about those full sized self service ones with a conveyor belt though, they’re literally meant for trolleys.
RIP my neighbour who told his wife he was popping out to get some sewing thread but got distracted and went to the pub instead. Gone but not for cotton. #dadjokes. @USER @ChrisDuley7.
@USER I have no idea how that game goes but I am one hundred percent positive Tennessee can’t score 50 on LSUs defense. I’d be happy to bet money on this if there are any takers. @USER  @USER Matt House is a great DC. Hated when he left UK but Brad White is damn good too.
Iaintwotuthink is a genius lady. Ben_dover_pliss is trying to live his college days by stalking college kids.
Nothing better than a Sunday morning fry-up. Only question is… red sauce or brown?? ?? @USER Waitrose mayonnaise ??
I don’t understand how this helps anyone. Am I missing something? It's just supposed to be funny.
I feel like there hasn’t been a lot of team acknowledgment of Pride Round, or am I crazy? @USER So I think it's technically next week ? But some of teams who have away games next week are going early to get a home Pride game 
Because I also had the same thought, and given it was a WB/Carl idea seems very bizarre to have nothing from either club.
be prepared to be called a Hindu Apologist, a leftish libtard and a weak, beta fiberal. Hahaha, I've been called all three in this thread itself. It's absurd, I thought denouncing those who rape, murder and pillage would unite people rather than have them insult me.
The fuckers aren't even taxed on the money in this country. I always thought it was weird that gambling winnings are taxable in the US. No need for it here.
This reminded me of a story my dad told me when I was younger. My dad and uncles owned an Asian grocery store, one with fruit, veggies and a butcher in the back. One day (some time in the 90's) a guy goes up to the front counter where my aunt was, pulled a knife on her and tells her to give him all the cash. Naturally, she starts screaming at the top of her lungs. So my uncles in the back start running out with giant cleavers. The guy freaks and starts running. My dad was closest to the front of the store, runs out grabbing a durian and hurls it at the guy.
So yeah, don't mess with Asian grocery stores if you don't want to get maimed! Durians kill people in Asia, never walk in a durian area at night as that’s when they fall out of trees when ripe. Also holy shit did your dad throw the durian at him and got him?thay shit would hurt.
Hope he does well. Dalit-Muslim-Adivasi unity only can save this country. We need OBC to realize that they are being used by upper caste to enforce caste system. No change in India is possible without including them. They make around 50% of Indias population.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You should just bring a sleeping bag and camp there! ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I’m waiting for life membership!
The summers are becoming unbearable now. I think there were more days over 40 this last summer here in ACT than there were through my entire time in primary school (90s). Anecdotal of course, purely based off my feels and not the readily available data ^^^off ^^^I ^^^go ^^^to ^^^see ^^^if ^^^I'm ^^^right....
EDIT: I'm having a lot of trouble finding whether I'm correct or not. Can anyone point me directly to data for Canberra that will show me days over 40 throughout the 1990s?
@USER Good morning bro. @USER Have a good one.
Why Indian aunties have weird obsession to know when we will get marry or when we (married couple) will conceive a child? @USER Rightly said.
@USER Which resort hotel is that? @USER I thought I tagged it! Hilton Hurghada Plaza.
@USER Then you haven’t been looking hard enough if that’s the only complaint you’ve seen. @USER Well, the only major complaint.
I'd look at the guy dead serious " I thought you were single! You told me I was special.". I’d go with the “Can you PLEASE, lower the ransom?”.
@USER  @USER Please share consignment number. @USER  @USER Pls find the bellow consignment number EO541398395IN
Even it was booked in speed post the shipment was laying in the particular post office for 4 days. nd in portal it was showing door locked. Instead they haven't attempted for a single time for delivery.
Wouldn't it be a lovely gesture if the electricity bills for the businesses giving the emergency services, journalists, and volunteers, free refreshments in #Creeslough was paid for them.
Any idea how this could be organised so that people could donate some money? @USER What a great idea Val.
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER BIG happy birthday to yoooou ???
I am so fucking proud of my generation. We had the highest youth voter turnout in American history in 2020. We along with many other groups- played a critical role in helping elect Biden- the most accomplished American president in most of our lifetimes. When we vote we win. @USER You need to put down the meth pipe you are Hallucinating. ????‍♂️.
@USER I just said this. Off mic dude be moving kinda funny but he out rapping everybody who's hating on him. @USER  @USER Can’t hate a man that gets jumped by 20 heads and still doesn’t get dropped or his shit snatched. 

Dudes not catching any Ls really. He really going against the grain and making it work.
The only way this works is that you apply one kilo of dung, and one litre of urine, of cow, per person. Works better if the cow is red in colour. White cow is the weakest, black is a little better, red works best.
This has to be layered, so the first day, you apply. And wait for it to dry. The next day, DO NOT WASH OFF. Apply the new stuff over the old stuff as a layer.
You have to do this until the summer comes. ~~Or Shivraathri [Feb 20/21, 2020].~~ This process needs to be continued right through summer into the rainy season, and you have to wash it off in the first rain.
And you have to go about your business. Sitting at home aggravates the symptoms. Seems legit. 10/10 would recommend.
Berlin. Stung by a bee. One star. Mosquito just bit me in the same place as my bee sting if you wanted to know how my day was going.
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER And DC also. It’s not fair the way it is now.
Pretty sure that’s mine. I dropped one in nsw recently... please pm to return /s. Lol. Nice one.
Ten year olds. You won this question.
@USER Sir, what have u started? @USER  @USER Coaching classes.
Currently stuck in Carlow. Guess I’m not going to work. People in Carlow have jobs?
@USER Stunning days for you at the moment! @USER Today is 24 degrees and just stunning. Too dark to walk in the morning is my only gripe about it all as it was spectacular along the river this morning.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER How awesome!
I'm always in surprised to find muslims in the BJP at the first place. Despite the kind of venom spread by the parties top leadership. There are many one in the ministry of minority affairs(Naqvi), another is national Spokesperson(Ansari), and there is another who was discriminated against at a rally in Delhi Rally on 22 December(Ilmi).
@USER Fandabidozy well done??? @USER Thanks so much. ❤️❤️??
@USER ? it's all over Europe hence the term European kitchen it's wavers &amp; dryers.
I don't think it's for the same reason I considered doing it on my build. I put it in the design because it cut the cost of plumbing &amp; without a designated laundry, more space. @USER  @USER No way, not in the north, bathroom or utility room is where the washing machines live up here.
They lactate bro, that's all. Just make them more animalistic like nipples.
Dei.. send me one parcel. Take that bike of yours and come to my neck of the woods, and I'll have a feast for you.
@USER The Dáil pays TDs FAR MORE than the Assembly does MLAs.
What do reckon? @USER  @USER What's the TD salary?
At least it wasn't a dead cat...
Anyone else seen Man like Mobeen? Or a box full of dead puppies.
Day off today but it's too wet &amp; miserable to do anything out side. What to do? Ooooh, forget last tweet.  #Bathurst1000 is on TV so that sorts my day out.
Hillary is really the president. Trump is there to catch all the blame. And Hillary is really just a puppet for Bill to pull the strings ...... So Bill is really the current president.
Please say a prayer for me for I feel very alone tonight. @USER He'll never leave you nor forsake you. Hold on to that truth.
@USER Where are the BMWs? @USER  @USER On the  @USER calendar.  @USER calendar will be much better.
@USER  @USER Oh yes. Johnsons was a danger to national security will Truss be the same? @USER  @USER  @USER More than likely!
Andrew Thorburn bigot must be fired 

Haneen Zreika must be respected for her religion

Care to explain this to me? @USER Christianity sucks??????
Gm Gm anything is possible ☀️. @USER GM thanks for the reminder ?
another jobless bollywood sanghi found
 URL. Who knew the brother of Ekta Kapoor, the sanghis favourite TV producer, was a RW zombie. 
Tusshar (why there are two s in his name is beyond me) is a Akshay Kumar clan fixture. This was expected.
Out in athy dude saw two but I just put it down to a falling star. If I seen 2 I’d think the same but there was genuinely about 12 in a row all going the same direction the same distance apart, weird man.
If Charles dies before the coronation, does that mean the monarchy is abolished? @USER They’ll do like they did in 1937 and use the planned coronation for Bill….
I wonder if video discs will make a come back. Maybe even Mini Discs will make a comeback, I still have my Sony player and tons of discs. But this Audiphool thing has got out of hand recently. Reel to reel tapes and anything old like nakamichi goes for thousands of dollars. If you have any of those 8 track  tapes man they are worth a fortune if original.
Pokemon Sword, so pretty good since I never get hurt and there are revives and potions everywhere. Peaceful life, eh?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
SERIOUS QUESTION: Do you know anyone who is fully vaccinated, boosted, and never got COVID? @USER I am one of those. Exercised every precaution and am covid free along with my family. I was also covid free when i was only vaccinated with first dose. Cheers!
Is there an unemployed area? The north.
I'm pretty sure you are meant to cook it first... Boil it before you cook it. It gets rid of the salty taste.
Kurt Cobain. Interestingly my uncle did his autopsy and even has pictures from it that he took home! (Unfortunately these picture are across the country at my grandparents house). Okay that is HELLA interesting.
जिस दिन अपन 3 Million फॉलोअर हो गए उस दिन 3 लोगों का रोजगार तय

एक आदमी, जरूरी मैसेज पर त्वरित उत्तर देगा, जरूरी एक्शन लेगा, ट्वीट-फोन से विभाग को भेजेगा

दूसरा आदमी, FB की सेवा में

तीसरा आदमी, आम लोगों के ट्वीट स्कैन करेगा, पता लगाएगा कि आज के अहम मुद्दे क्या है जिस पर बात हो. @USER 3 million to Aasan hai bhaiya.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Home insurance. Named item. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Does that cover you when you're out and bike gets lifted?
Can I get grandmas recipe? That looks dope! Yorkshire puddings are the same as pancakes, but make the amount for 6, and triple it to make this :) (3 eggs is what my grandmother used, so if a recipe says to use 1, times everything by 3).
@USER What's on the tab with Pornhub? @USER  @USER ?
The tv series Limitless was really enjoyable although most people didn’t bother watching it. What was it about?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#बहुजन_महानायक. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#कांशीरामजी_को_भारतरत्न_मिलना_चाहिए 
#बहुजन_महानायक.
Why does Mayo extend into the ocean but everywhere else stops at the coast? Hard to carve the islands of mayo without them breaking off, easier to do 2 stages of relief.
Would love to see your  @USER pls share in the comments ??? @USER  @USER I don’t own any but definitely working on it ?
Describe Putin in 5 words or less. @USER Maniac derilect.
Guy in a car deliberately run over a cyclist because the driver was in a rush. cyclist deliberately running red lights because rules don’t apply to them.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 10 to 15 min.
Of the top spenders:
Latvia - To deter Russia
Estonia - To deter Russia
Greece - To deter Turkey
Cyprus - The other half of their island is occupied by Turkey
France - Involved in multiple engagements around the world. Takes a lead in European defense. Maintains an expensive modern nuclear deterrent.   
There is an argument for contributing more to defense in the region as a whole that said.
What does Ireland need to deter? Russia is the obvious party who would target Ireland. 
We're a massive host of American tech companies. Targeting Dublin with online attacks, etc, would cause huge economic damage to the west.
Ha ha. I’ve been there. Used to ride out from Garforth via Bramhope, Otley, Ilkley. If it was freezing or wet the Abbey was as far as I got. Moved to Dorset now and missing my old haunts. Enjoy. Thats a fair distance from Garforth. Dorset is lovely though but I don’t know what it’s like for cycling other than the time me and my wife took our tandem to Blandford Forum and set off only to be surrounded by hedges twelve foot high for what felt like hours! I’m sure we could have picked better routes !!
You can never go wrong with more shitter paper. You'll miss that when you run out. Just waffle stomp your shit down the drain, lol.
One that have boobs. I saw comments like these coming.
जब देश की लंका लगेगी न तो उससे कोई अछूता नहीं रहेगा, 

वे अंधभक्त भी नहीं जो आज बिना अच्छा-बुरा सोचे आंख मूंदकर सरकार की जय जय कर रहे है!! @USER  @USER You are right mam aapke pair Kahan hai mujhe.
Be the change you want to see, don't just moan. Brainless comment.
If i was ordering, i'd stick a note up on my door to say to leave everything on the doorstep, knock and leave.
Hopefully anyone who is self isolating will not be so daft as to keep quiet and have actual contact with another person. Yeah... um... how's that policy of not supplying carrier bags with deliveries working out now, Tesco?
You are still making "Australia Day" about the British monarchy so I don't think changing the date to today is going to fly with the people protesting about the current date... of course I don't think any date is going to suit them. Nah, I’m making it about parliamentary and judicial sovereignty, not the monarchy. The Queen can stay in England and have fuck all to do with Australia, thanks.
Australia is a de facto republic anyway (‘commonwealth’ is actually a synonym for ‘republic’) and while I’d like to become a real republic, I reckon the Australia Acts are way more constitutionally important to us as a sovereign country than the arrival of the first fleet.
Bowel Distuptor. The brown noise?
Life is like a penis 
Sometimes it's up 
Sometimes it's down, but it won't be hard forever. @USER  @USER Depends.
Some student ID's don't have an expiration date, so if you didn't have to register for a student leap through  college, you could in theory buy a student ticket forever.
It's in the T&C's for Luas that you need a student leap to have a student ticket that is valid for travel, onus is on you to have a valid ticket for travel.
I'd say An Post will find you no bother.
As an aside, if you are that stuck for food Brother Kevin gives out free food parcels every Wednesday from 9am-11:30am I believe. Nothing fancy, but has all staples. That's a good point about the expiry date.  While my card has a date on it, I hadn't thought about the validity of other student cards. I guess if an post can find me I should suck it up and pay the fine.
Thanks for the tip about brother Kevins.  I'll check it out. I usually budget better than this and am not usually this broke, but a series of misfortunes and injuries left me unable to work for some months, which drained most of my savings. I'm getting back on track now though.
Why. Because it’s outstanding at low temperatures! Since it’s -14 here today, it should perform incredibly well.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Family, friends, football, travelling, my dogs.

You know, real tangible things.
Dr. Claw is Inspector Gadget. 
Edit. Dr Claw is human inspector and Inspector Gadget is obviously a younger “clone” of him. I love this!
But why?
will any leader take responsibility in delhi? is there nobody left to depend on? 1.3 billion me se ek bhi leader with balls of steel nhi hai sab bhagwan bharose. Arvind Kejriwal is responsible for the compensation and rehabilitation of the riot affected victims.
@USER Fab news. Comhghairdeachas. ??? @USER Appreciate it Miriam just glad he absolutely loves Medicine.
US and UK pints are different by about 20% because they are derived from a gallon, which is also different between the two countries.
We have a 4 year old milk addict in the house and we have cereal too so we probably get through 12 UK pints a week, plus the Mrs has soya milk, so maybe 4 UK pints of that too. Thank you for this. May I ask, is a UK pint 20% more or less than a US pint? I’ve never known about this and I want to know more.
Regular salted butter should be fine, though feel free to try it either way. The most important factor is that the butter is melted.
As for the bread it's personal preference.
Also I like it on toast with eggs on top. I have a toaster oven i use for my toast for breakfast.  so I crisp it up and can melt the "fat" in the warm oven after if needed.
Is this to like mix the fat an Vegemite into a well mixture?
I normally don't eat many eggs in the week... Could avocado be a substitute?  Insert millennial joke, but I lived off $.50 avacados in the US from 2005-2007, in the Good old days.
Using GEICO. What's that?
>what about the persecution of Indian minorities? What is the Home Minister going to do about it? What is the Prime Minister going to do about it?
They'll keep doing it. That's what this is all about, isn't it? Sadly. Also, the thing is that the intent of the PM for India is different than what is shown to the public. Those who can't see through it fall for the facade.
@USER Massively uneducated boy. Beyond brainless. @USER But, but but, he has a LAW DEGREE!!!
???
Morning, just heard from my landlord my rent is going up. #ToriesDestroyingOurCountry #ToriesUnfitToGovern. @USER Is it in writing..? If not, rise not legally enforceable....
I don't know about you but I voted to make America great again, not for nuclear armageddon. @USER Same thing.
When I’m the little spoon ? Elaborate.
less discriminatory than partition though. MOVE ON FROM THE PARTITION 
The descendants of people (myself included) that experienced the partition have moved on. Why can't you people?
@USER I had spotted the similarity. IBM worked on the system used to document them. @USER  @USER A tag system then watch where they go because you can be damn sure there are gangs this side of the channel too. Explain the asylum route, streamline and then offer a graded system of integration. Probationary period fuck up  and they get to do a season on St Kilda.
Why are most of the people in that image wearing a white t-shirt and red cap. And the same hat at that.
I think it's a serious threat to our society. But I've known quite a few still think it's just a flu. > But I've known quite a few still think it's just a flu.
Genuine question (not being sarcastic): the listed symptoms for COVID are exactly the same as the symptoms I get when I have the flu. So why is this so much worse?
Queen or Prince? @USER Tough one but I’ll go for Queen.
@USER Excellent piece Sumant -- one other reasons contractors give for not following safety measures is that lower level bureaucracy take so much bribe that to take care of their own margins, the contractor cuts costs to be bare bone. In return, the safety norms are not enforced. @USER Yes. Corruption is deeply embedded in the system.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aren't they beautiful. xx. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aren't they just Jo? ?️??xx.
The audacity that they still received the award for best TV presenters without doing anything together in the previous year. Oh, that really pissed me off when all they did was BGT, Celeb, and that was it? Where like Graham Norton and Bradley Walsh do a lot and IMHO deserve it more, but either way, I can kinda stand Dec, but I can't stand fucking Twant.
I've 'felt' summers getting longer but couldn't really prove it (or bother to prove it more like it). I know in Brisbane even though we're now in 'Autumn' (ie. late summer), our actual cold period didn't usually start until 1 May (which you could set your watch to). Last few years it started getting really cold in min June. That is AFTER the start of winter. 
All those global warming/climate change deniers can fuck right off. More summer = more energy usage (esp electricity to run aircons) = more coal being burned in coal fired power stations = more carbon in the atmosphere = contributing to climate change = More summer. 
Thats the theory. Oh wait....
(Now I'm going to sit back with popcorn and watch the flaming) :) Happy Monday everyone. Its Autumn and I'm sweating at my desk after the 10 min walk from the bus station. I remember summer 14/15 as being the worst summer I'd experienced for Brisbane/Redlands area. It really did feel like summer kept going til mid May.  I don't know where this summer ranks, but it does feel like the worst one since then as the previous years have felt mild by comparison.
End credits scene where sex offender Sonic comes at new Sonic and he screams "fuck!". Wait did that actually happen?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Many Many Congratulations... @aartimahajan_20. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
eh... have you been to blanch ? lol
I remember arriving at ITB each morning after a weekend there'd be a new burnt out car in the far side of the car park. "natives getting restless" - was the best phrase I ever heard. A lot of Blanchardstown is really nice. It's a very big area. ITB is closer to Mulhuddart than it is to Blanch village. Mulhuddart, Fortlawn and most of Corduff are shitholes afaik.
@USER My ‘Chicken a la Benylin’ is famous in my house. @USER Could be the thing that tempts me back to meat eating.
I pray the day will come when  'The Daily  Racist Express ' will get their karma too. @USER I shout A big AMEN.
@USER awesome!!!!!! @USER Thank youuuuu!
I wonder these people go to pharmacy or gau sala. Probably to the USA ..best hospital there .
Small correction, shes bi not gay.
The bi community really hates being written off as gay or ignored. Of course they do....
Not sure how Leeds will take it; the artist, Rob (low level claim to fame: he's a mate of mine) has a lot of really cool stuff all over Sheffield that is of a roughly similar style, especially 3D stuff like that. It's generally liked in Sheff, but whether Leeds folk will take to it the same way...well having lived in both places I'm not too sure. I mean they have Broadcasting Tower, which was built when I lived there and I was flabberghasted cos to me it's a fucking disgusting monstrosity. Yet it won awards apparently. 
Basically art is very subjective, and people can be real dicks about it. Including me, though I try not to be these days. Ohh that makes sense. I can definitely see this kind of thing working better for Sheffield than it would for Leeds.
That said, I'm sure the new Leeds Playhouse building looked really odd when it was first designed, but it didn't take me too long to start liking it.
(Leeds person having visited Sheffield many many times here.).
@USER So cool!! @USER If you ever get a chance Australia would love to have you ❤️??
WELL READ MY NAME AND TELL ME
(Thats a joke, im not a moron, its just that me and my friends have this joke going around of "horses dont exist" and i thought it would be sweet if i'd continue this joke besides them not quite remembering it). LMAO! 
I love it!
The cow lovers sprinkle cow piss. How do communists 'purify' a place? Put books with small print there and allow people to read.
According to a book written by Patrick Radden Keefe, the prisoners were ready to accept a deal of some kind but Gerry Adams blocked the proposal as he thought there was too much ground to be made with the resulting propaganda. I cant see that being true but if it were then things should have been a lot different for the men that died. I hard that Maggy was secretly prepared to gice in on some things but the propaganda value was too strong for the IRA. Was that author the one who said there were threats to some of the hunger strikers families if they came off, or was that someone else?
Ok genuine question here: if your lane is empty and you just carry on  maintaining your speed and go past them, is that still classed as undertaking? No it's not. 
You are keeping up with the flow of traffic in your lane. If some moron is hogging the second or 3rd lane and travelling slowly you cannot be expected to weave between lanes to get in front of them. They're the ones breaking the law. 
I wonder what would OP do if the lane hogger was in the rightmost lane?
That must have been the easiest job in the world, digging up dirt on Bronwyn and Ley. The dirt pretty much dug itself out of the ground for those two. Seriously.
Talk about a non-story.
@USER I have never seen or heard such hypocrisy before.  They can fly illegal immigrants in the VERY early morning anywhere they want but fly them to a Democratic run sanctuary city and they say horrible things about you.  Duh!  I’m confused with their logic? @USER But I won’t call them names I’ll leave the name calling to Stephen Colbert and the Democrats.  It just reflects on them.  For every action there is an opposite and equal reaction.  It’s a physics law.
This man is so completely focused towards engineering riots. Gotta stick to your strengths.
>The non-household sector comprised a very diverse group of property buyers, including private companies, charities and State bodies, the report said.
Watch this be picked up by the "ban the REITs and cuckoo funds" people on one side and the "why am I competing for housing with my tax money" crowd on the other.
What will be missed is that the income requirements are only one element of affordability, high rents preventing people saving for a deposit is a huge problem. Reducing rents requires more rental stock. Getting more rental stock means a lower proportion of housing being sold to private buyers. Rental prices are related to the total supply. It doesn't matter if houses are for sale or rent. These cuckoo funds are buying up properties for rent that would have been otherwise bought by private individuals. Where do you think they're living now?
Haha he was talking about this on RHLSTP, without naming the brand.
Edit: I meant Matt Morgan’s “Funny How?” podcast. Also Matt Morgan's Funny How? 
Unfortunately that podcast doesn't have a fun to shout acronym. 
MMFH!
Horses is a fucking garbage song, when did it become a cultural touchstone because I thought it was shithouse back in the 90s too. Horses needs to be taken out to the back paddock and shot.
Hi if someone bought you Chick-fil-A would you eat it or throw it in the garbage? @USER I’d  eat the fries if I was hungry.
If you can access fresh coconut, jaggery and poached rice, there's a Goan dish called fao which takes less than 5 minutes. I think you meant pounded rice?
@USER ???
The video speak for itself mate. @USER Very true pal ????
@USER Thought you’d enjoy this @phil_couser. @USER  @USER  @USER Has Kwarteng pinched your nickname?
The ridiculous thing is if they are the flat tie on kind they don't protect the wearer so they are useless for people to steal. Hospital tie-on face masks are designed to stop medical professionals infecting their patient [edit.. and protect the wearer from blood/fluid sprays]. Only the form-fitting P2/N95 rated type protects the wearer [from inhaling particles/viruses].
Edit: source: I have spent many years doing filter/respirator R&D. Some of my papers are cited by 3M (a leading respirator and surgical mask manufacturer) in their technical manuals. This. The crappy ones are for protecting people from the mask-wearer.
@USER And please be careful bro. @USER I’m gonna try, i be hongry though?
When you have a short position in futures, what impact Time has on my position??

Time is

1. Against Me
2. With me
3. No impact. @USER So now, you are in short  right ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks so much Keith ??? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aways welcome  @USER ?☘️.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER China wouldn’t allow him to go nuclear.
@USER I had my name shown on the aircon control panel which I didn't know and I told the client to change 
temperature ?now after I checked in, make sure no name shown on anything including luggage name tag before I start to see clients. @USER  @USER That's rude.Surely an invasion of privacy??
juicewrlds death, the lyrics from legends “we ain’t making it past 21”, the juicewrld challenge where people would have seizures and he died from such, there’s others im forgetting. There is also the fact that he said that he wanned to disepear when he will be rich 
But i can belive artist can fake their death, they know how sad their fan are gonna be if they disepear, just like with juice wrld
Rip.
There is a call for a total boycott of a community. It is made publicly by a BJP Member of Parliament. 

But Modi Ji is silent. As always. 

And everyone is quiet. The media barely speaks up nowadays. Radio silence. 

Tragic state of affairs in India. @USER Time to leave India &amp; go to a place where there is not so much sadness in state affairs !! What say sir ??
Imagine being a kid and this happens. You’re delighted tbh. Til they find out there's a set amount of school dates in the year and they're gonna lose two weeks of holidays somewhere else.
@USER Haters gonna hate. @USER That's a real waste of time, so I blocked him?
@USER Was there pineapples on it? ? @USER  @USER Clearly. Man has class.
I haven’t been paying attention to the news. Right on. Stay away from it. Nothing good comes out of it.
Firstly 28 isn't old, so don't tell yourself that! 
Dating websites in India are a mess, however if you had to pick Bumble might be the best of the lot. Bumble doesn't allow men to initiate a conversation once they match, only women can. Aisle isn't bad, but it's got an awful interface and most things need you to pay.
If you are looking for a serious relationship, matrimonial websites are the best because you know that people there are looking for something similar. I would strongly suggest creating the profile by yourself and being in control of it. Most websites allow a filter for who is handling the account, seeing profiles handled by parents/friends can be an no no for people.
Hope this helps! Thanks for the information! Hope I can navigate all this well!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Where the feck have been you been? Just asking ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The last of 2 doz. Still some in  @USER Athy.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER The Bunnett understanding how elections work. Next he’ll be expecting manifestos to be implemented. Good Lord.
What’s the Greatest Double Album of all-time…. @USER Jesus Christ Super Star.
@USER You’re following too closely. Back off. ? @USER ?????
मैदान में हरा हुआ इंसान फिर से जीत सकता है
                    लेकिन
मन से हारा हुआ इंसान कभी नही जीत सकता! @USER Right ?
looking forward to the morons in work tomorrow, after getting this on whatsapp, telling everyone that this was another example of the great big conspiracy to hide the hundreds of cases here and lockdown of hospitals/hotels/businesses, being committed by the government/HSE/relatives of those infected/workmates/people in those places, etc etc. It's not a conspiracy, its simply unstoppable at this point.
@USER Tom Baker. @USER Good shout. He’s in.
Amazing initiative by someone in Perth. I think it’s a fabulous idea and am jealous I’m stuck in Qld and can’t be there! I know. I’ve been talking all day about imagine if you were the one that floated the idea of “Let’s close down 10km of major highway and celebrate a guy that died 40 years ago”. Big kudos to that visionary!
11 GOP AGs just asked 11th Cir. to side w/Trump &amp; Cannon over DOJ — not by arguing law or facts but by saying Biden’s gov’t dsn’t deserve the usual deference due Executive, just as Cannon said Trump deserves better treatment than other people! So much for equality before the law. @USER They should all lose their job.  #VoteBlue.
मर्द के शब्द झूठे हो सकते हैं मगर आसूं कभी नहीं.. @USER G mem.
I'm sure someone who describes themselves as a "professional lover of movies, games, TV, etc" won't be out of work for too long......... Can't tell if this is sarcasm or not....
@USER Oh hopefully that’s true. Flying to Spain in the 30th. @USER Search SNCTA on here ?
Nah its OK you were just being neighbourly. Thank you for your kind words but I'm still eating my Sunday roast with a side of mortification.
@USER Sighs it’s so tragic how she died. She fell off her bike and then got hit. I feel terribly for her family and everyone who witness this. Truckers don’t listen. He should have been driving down Caton Ave. @USER That is the truck drivers story, lots of reasons to be skeptical of it.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER thanks murder so that'll be SNP for me like most of Scotland.
@USER Also, have your tryouts started?
We had a huge turnout for both 12 and 14 girls. @USER Massive turnouts at Nunawading. Record numbers.
Avatar: the last airbender. I came here to say this.
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. Setting a good example. Congrats.
They could be everywhere, but the vast majority aren't pest species that interact with humans; most that do live here (if any) are probably all hiding out in the woods and gorse and all and staying the fuck away from people. 
I think for pest species it's the German cockroaches that you'd find here the most, but they aren't native; usually they get brought over in shipments or in people's luggage and then go on to infest the surrounding buildings. Even the pest ones are very skittish and good at hiding, so your building could easily be full of 'em without you noticing for a long time, and if you see one, he almost certainly has a few thousand close relatives nearby out of sight. 
If you really want to see cockroaches for some strange reason, just head to the southeast US and you'll see some shit all right. I once spotted one in the kitchen in the house I grew up in down in Florida because I was in the sitting room watching TV and I heard it walking around. I dropped a cereal bowl on top of it and went to go grab something to capture it with, and when I got back the entire fucking bowl was trundling across the kitchen floor; that thing gave no fucks. 
Oh, and did I mention some of the bigger ones (yes, there were bigger ones) fly? Back in Georgia I had a nest of 'em take up residence on my roof once, and every now and again one would get lost up there and fall down the chimney or the bathroom vent. Nothing like sitting on the toilet doing your business and hearing this *thud* *thud* *thud* *thud* *thud* sound descending the vent pipe, and then *schlorp*, out pops an enormous and mildly concussed cockroach which then proceeds to freak the fuck out and go whizzing around the room randomly bouncing off of everything, including your face. 
So yeah, tl;dr: don't look the gift of your lack of cockroaches in the mandibles. That is hilarious and horrifying.  Thank you for the travel warning.
Friend of mine was defrauded on his credit card so called to confirm that none of the purchases he made were his. One of them was for a large bill at Harvester. The bank made the point that the spending was in line with his own spending, and thus an argument broke out regarding whether he was the kind of man who would eat at Harvester. Typical banks; happy to dictate to you, their customer, what they think constitutes fraudulent spending of your money, but not willing to hear what you know actually is fraudulent spending of your money.
@USER Jesus!   Is he old enough to be working there?!? @USER 19. It was also today that I did the math and realised I could easily be the father of a 19 year old ?? - seriously! Where has the time gone… last time I blinked I was 32.
The Irishman. Someone who hates movies ain’t gonna sit thru that movie. Isn’t it like three hours?
I am a founder, I found you? @USER How can.
It turns out the community turned it into a rainbow fest as a result
 URL. It did!  I live here and can say that more people were for allowing her (and the Pride center) to march than against it. Entire marching bands left when told to take off their LGBT support stickers.  All the bars and businesses along the parade route had rainbow balloons and support signs.  So did the spectators. It was awesome. Change is slow, but its happening here.   I was very proud of Staten Island on Sunday.  They really pulled together as a community.
@USER Haters gonna hate. @USER That's a real waste of time, so I blocked him?
Greed and panic. I have no problem using rags or hopping straight in the shower if need be. Exactly bruh hop in that shower and wash that ass for 30 seconds and be super duper clean.
Good morning everyone,
May the rest of the day be restful, and safe. On my end I am fine but with an upset stomach. I need to schedule another doctor's appointment because I feel a little lump in the stomach area. It could be a hernia who knows? I already had gallbladder surgery. know I am definitely not pregnant ??. This is just a gastrointestinal issue.
Trump took whatever deal to cut bait in Afghanistan so he can campaign on it for re-election. Doesnt matter to him how it effects everyone else who has been part of this situation.
This will be terrible from India. A bunch of terrorists will be released. Now a decent amount of them will try to join the mainstream and seize power through the government. However there will be a large amount of brutes who are too radicalized or not competent enough to be part of the government. So what happens with them. Well alot of them will be recruited by the ISI for Kashmir. 
Remember the late 80s-90s when battled hardened jidahis rolled in from Afghanistan. Yeaaaah well the Modi government in their eternal wisdom gave Kashmir the middle finger at the worst possible time. Thankfully border crossings are much better controlled however we depended on a lot of information from locals to prevent terrorism and I just dont see them willing to cooperate. No prisoners are being released, Ghani Said.
@USER Do you deny there were followers of Jesus in the 1st century? @USER No I don't deny that Jesus had followers! They were all Jews, As I said, Christianity did not exist nor the Gospels, Good night.
Oh yes. Thanks :).
I know a few people who are acting like it is doomsday stocking up on everything.
I know several people that don't give a shit.
I know some people that are just avoiding crowds/sick people/using common sense and washing their damn hands.
Honestly, if you didn't give a shit about flu season for the past two decades, why are you acting so scared or proactive around covid virus? Based on the WHO report yesterday, of people who have contracted Convid 20% require hospitalisation (5% require artificial respiration & 15% require only concentrated oxygen). If it spreads our hospital system isn't going to be able to cope.
"Severe cases are defined as tachypnoea (≧30 breaths/ min) or oxygen saturation ≤93% at rest, or PaO2/FIO2 <300 mmHg. Critical cases are defined as respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation, shock or other organ failure that requires intensive care. About a quarter of severe and critical cases require mechanical ventilation while the remaining 75% require only oxygen supplementation. "
And from page 12:
"Approximately 80% of laboratory confirmed patients have had mild to moderate disease, which includes non-pneumonia and pneumonia cases, 13.8% have severe disease (dyspnea, respiratory frequency ≥30/minute, blood oxygen saturation ≤93%, PaO2/FiO2 ratio <_300 and or lung infiltrates>50% of the lung field within 24-48 hours) and 6.1% are critical (respiratory failure, septic shock, and/or multiple organ dysfunction/failure)."</_300>.
Coming to Cincinnati for a couple days tomorrow! Would love to know what to eat, please! @USER @sottocincy.
so were getting free drugs? No you have to pay for charas ki chutney.
@USER Prawn sandwiches. @USER  @USER Hahaha...nit fir himself though.?
Ha ha. I’ve been there. Used to ride out from Garforth via Bramhope, Otley, Ilkley. If it was freezing or wet the Abbey was as far as I got. Moved to Dorset now and missing my old haunts. Enjoy. Thats a fair distance from Garforth. Dorset is lovely though but I don’t know what it’s like for cycling other than the time me and my wife took our tandem to Blandford Forum and set off only to be surrounded by hedges twelve foot high for what felt like hours! I’m sure we could have picked better routes !!
It’s a fucking disgrace that we can’t protect the doctors and health staff working in hospitals.
Why don’t they have all the protective equipment? When there is a suspected case, then they wear PPE. When there isn't any suspicion of a case, then they don't wear PPE. What guides "clinical suspicion" are the clinical guidelines... which state things like "recent return from an affected area (China, Iran etc).." Now that we have domestic transmission, it's probable that the guidelines might be updated, which will lower the bar at which doctors and nurses wear PPE.
I suppose that they're afraid of succumbing to it and dying. Glad we cleared that up.
No I am done. People are scamming others with this, I ain't gonna fall for it again. I'll better buy one screen plan. Well it sounds scamming but you can’t do anything without trust. I’m currently using the mobile plan for 199₹ I’m fine with it but I can’t watch it on my TV that’s a big Bummer and to not get get scammed well I’ll provide my contact info and if you think of an idea that works out in such a way that we can trust each other I’ll be glad to use it . Sadly i’m New to reddit so definitely it looks more like a scam ?
What is everyone giving for 50th Birthday Party pressies? Money? €50 in a card? @USER I got vouchers for shops and for the Bluebook hotels… had great fun spending them although I still have a few left due to the pandemic… all still redeemable thankfully ?
@USER What's the point in winning an election if you then have to appease the Tory voters you wooed? @USER How are you going to win without.
While Prince Harry fights the tabloids that destroyed his mother and abused his wife, his brother Prince William works with the same tabloids to fight his SIL and offers his children pictures to keep the same tabloids happy… The Windsor Princes. @USER Harry seems to be constantly unhappy. I don’t understand why he’s not living his best life with all that privilege.
A different girls name, i called her Rachel and that was my-ex, she wasn't over the moon. Ross?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Many Many Congratulations... @aartimahajan_20. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
@USER Congratulations Alex, plenty of game time is the key mate!  All the best… unleash ? @USER Thanks very much Rob. Hope you’re keeping well ??
This a serious question from a gardening pleb but how is he supposed to get rid of mud if it's wet? He could try using gardening tools and not a pressure washer. At least wait for the mud to dry before taking a photo for his Facebook page.
>The laws of mathematics are very commendable, but the only law that applies in Australia is the law of Australia. Sshhh!  They only like quiet Australiens  ( URL ).
@USER Yet they Ok the return of torque converter automatics smh. @USER  @USER I think their launch systems are better for it.
If you could run Brand  @USER for a day, what would you do differently? @USER  @USER I will arrange the pod cast with PM ,if  @USER doesn't like it then I will. Arrange with @harari_yuval.
Pretty sure one bigoted person made that decision and it’s gotten a lot of bad press and the people have reacted badly. 
Be surprised if it’s not all overturned. Why are you downvoting him? He’s right!
I am pro First Past The Post, because I am pro the Labour Party.

Let's not give the extremes the keys to number ten. @USER FPTP will mean Labour will never win a majority.
Super excited to watch some  @USER tonight on @paramountplus, but my code still has not arrived from my  @USER membership. Fairly confident the blame isn't on the Mariners here....Poor form yet again by the broadcaster of the game. So backwards. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I got mine yesterday in the junk mail folder.
Morning babieeeees happy hump DAY! ?? @USER Goood morning hope you have an amazing day.
@USER Same tweet reverse lo oka ammayi veste, Appudu em cheyaali ? @USER  @USER Go girl anali.
Am I the only one not freaking out about this virus? Sure, I might take more care to wash my hands but I don’t feel the need to go out buying masks, antibacterial wipes or Dettol just yet. I'm not freaked about the virus at all, I'm more concerned about the fact that people are panic buying and everywhere is sold out of all things antibacterial.
Scientists have discovered a way to combat anxiety disorders: This breakthrough remedy also helps people cope with depression, fibromyalgia, chronic pain, nervous exhaustion, and other conditions. Don't put it off any longer because demand is increasing by the day. @USER Grass means no Skittles or Haribos , Young Dumb and Broke Khalid. @SkyNews.
Pretty sure that’s mine. I dropped one in nsw recently... please pm to return /s. Lol. Nice one.
Phantom cosmonauts/astronauts
There is no way no one died in space, burned up on reentry, or drifted off course and couldn't get back to Earth in the early days of the Space Race. Many many years ago someone said they had picked up a recording of a cosmonaut saying his craft had missed its trajectory and he was headed away from earth by mistake..knew he would die....
Thank you guys for making me feel so welcome. And being so helpful! This is a nice space. Have a virtual hug.
It's always darkest before the dawn
I am sure someone who needs to after reading your post would also find not everything is lost & it's never too late to turn your life around.
:)
Regards
Buntoley.
@USER the song or the place? @USER Song.
Liz Truss has told the BBC that she's prepared to take difficult or unpopular decisions to help UK economic growth.  

Excellent.  When are we rejoining the EU then? @USER What’s this fascination with the eu Never did us any good.
@USER That’s the 1 Million $ question. Exactly!!! @USER I guess, we were all shocked by Pell and his vile evidence.
I remember a buddy of mine showed me a snuffpage when i was 9, saw some shit no 9 year old should see, worst was the picture of the gutted corpse of a women with a mans cock penetrating her so that you could see the cock go through the vagina and pop up again inside the gutted part of her abdomen, that picture is still clear as day. That kid wasn't your friend if they were showing you stuff like that, I'm sorry to say.
@USER  @USER Flop avesh khan still in playing 11 !! Should be dropped. @USER  @USER  @USER Agar Harshal fluke bowler wc me select ho sakta he to avesh series me kyu nahi khel sakta.
They should. It's ridiculous. Especially those fools that go swimming in the middle of a storm. Putting other lives in danger. Those people are absolute pricks but I still don't think this is a good idea.
@USER  @USER Congratulations Abi, look forward to working with you ?? @USER  @USER Thank you, and likewise!! ?
Do new episodes come on Monday or Tuesday? Tuesday.
“Everything that exists is born for no reason, carries on living through weakness, and dies by accident” – Jean-Paul Sartre. @USER Everything that exists born for a certain reason.
It's not fair to their staff. Jesus Christ how can they be so stupid? I work for a company which a year ago was facing bankruptcy. A venture capital firm showed up, bought the company and within 2 months had fired or made redundant about 30% of global staff.
Largely due to the restructuring efforts and changes in who the company chooses to sell to, a year later the company is now profitable and hiring more staff.
Was it the wrong thing to do to carry out the redundancies in that case? Or would it have been "fairer" to the staff and investors to have the company go bankrupt and everyone lose their jobs?
@USER It’s hard not to bite against such arseholes to be fair, but people have to try.

Now Richard Keys is doing it to try and get clicks. The twatty journalist having a pop at Gabriel’s tweet the same recently. Straight from AFTV’s shameless ‘act like c**ts for clicks’ playbook. @USER I block and mute, most of the time it works. 

There’s loads of Arsenal that appear to want to see AFTV, talk ? and Sky only to rant back, it tedious and boring.
Tonight’s #qanda another example of media fixation with Stage 3. Wall to wall on ABC, NineFax, with every journo caught in the vortex. 
Greens, LNP both politically aligned together in wanting sole media focus on this &amp; block new Govt from oxygen on multiple other issues. @USER It's because it's catastrophically bad policy that needs to be stopped.
Migrate if you want to but just know that you're merely running away from the problem. Every sensible voter leaving is one less vote to defeat BJP. And don't forget one thing, once shit hits the fans, even the fuckers who claim India is doing great under Modi will also migrate and next thing you know, you'll be surrounded by the very shitheads you were trying to avoid. Those shite heads will start eating beef and sausage once they get out. 
Hypocrites the lot.
>Save the cheerleader. Save the world
lol ! I liked the first two seasons of Heros, like everything it kinda dropped off towards the end.
@USER Hi Phil, sorry to hear that, unfortunately, this is due to the overhead wires being damaged. - Pete. @USER No worries. It's not your fault at all, and clear announcements, just frustrating.
Bugger no dunny paper oh well courier mail will have to do. Just remember to crumple, roll and crumple. You dont want to end up with "Murdoch red ass syndrome" Its bad when your ass looks like his face.
WELL READ MY NAME AND TELL ME
(Thats a joke, im not a moron, its just that me and my friends have this joke going around of "horses dont exist" and i thought it would be sweet if i'd continue this joke besides them not quite remembering it). LMAO! 
I love it!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER If thalaivar attend Guru poojai any impact on Devendra Kula vellar votes? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Krishna Samy group knew the reality. They won't oppose it and at the same time bridging the gap between these communities will be possible.  BJP office bearers will work for that.
What county? This would be in Wicklow!
@USER Legitimate power ie Legal worldly power, why does the church hold them, surely it's the power of Divine Law they are invested in. @USER That’s why they hold them under guard. The whole point.
@USER Oh you dirty bugger ? @USER If it’s too clean, I feel as though it’s unAustralian.
When my Father was dying on the hospital bed, his mother wouldn't stop bothering me about what was going to happen to his stuff, right in front of him, on the hospital bed. 
Then, half the family left four days before he even died. When they thought they weren't going to get anything, they were gone. Wow, that is so fucked up. Im sorry you had to go through that.
???? ?? ??????? 
Wrong answers only. @USER Crypto is a emotion of next generation.
Bit ridiculous that a by-election isn't called. We've never had by elections for the European Parliament.
I have ethical issues with Crufts. Their arbitrary breed standards have resulted in dogs with horrific medical problems, causing needless suffering. The sooner Crufts disappears, the better, as far as I'm concerned. "Pedigree" is just a more polite term for "inbred".
Oh DAMN. #WerewolfByNight was a LOT of fun and had a VERY big surprise for comic fans.

Watch it before it's spoiled for you. I need a Werewolf by Night special every year please Mr  @USER ??️?
Kids that wear band shirts but don't actually support that band....I'm looking at you dumb emo kids in the Misfits shirts. I’m definitely a part of the younger metalhead community and I do have some shirt from my favorite bands but I really support them. I went to a Slipknot concert 3 days ago actually, but I do understand what you mean.
Once people think that everything is created by God, thinking stops.
Whatever happens, is the work of Gods. No it's not.
Guys with moobs - please at least consider a light vest in this weather rather than getting your big knockers out, thank you. @USER Jesus what a horrible person you are.
Does anyone else find wind farms really beautiful and actually add to nature. 
There's something so satisfying to me about watching wind turbines rotate knowing it's creating clean energy for us. It's like working with nature, apart from the birds getting sliced in half. I always found the aesthetics argument to be the weirdest argument against them.
I get it's subjective but they're like giant pinwheels!
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER Consider me gone….
@USER Turtuk village near nubra valley, leh ladakh. 

A very small virgin land.

Average lifespan above 90? @USER Oh I love Turtuk! Been there the last time I went to Ladakh. Thanks ✨.
Fully seriously got sent a video yesterday that said the virus is caused by the 5G rollout and spread via WiFi. You couldn't make it up. But someone did already...?
If you could pick your FAVOURITE thing from ANY #SQLBits event, what would you choose?

????☕️? @USER That time, when a huge curtain reveal the whole fun fair at SQL Bits Party Telford.
I think it's a serious threat to our society. But I've known quite a few still think it's just a flu. > But I've known quite a few still think it's just a flu.
Genuine question (not being sarcastic): the listed symptoms for COVID are exactly the same as the symptoms I get when I have the flu. So why is this so much worse?
They aren't bright enough to get into IIts/IIMs !
So they go abroad where anyone with money can buy a seat. Maybe they aren't bright enought to get into IITs and IIMs, but surely they will get much better education there.
Thought I read somewhere they were shutting down.
Might have imagined it. *dreamed it.
@USER That time, when a huge curtain reveal the whole fun fair at SQL Bits Party Telford. @USER  @USER Wow. Missed that one. It was 60s when I did Telford.
@USER Adelaide ch wadiya ajj mosam. @USER odr hi bhejde aa hun meeh ???
Throughout the day (maybe once an hour or so) ask yourself "Am I dreaming?" Then, look around and logically think why you are not dreaming. ("I jump but I am not able to fly. That is my cat which I've had for 4 years. I normally eat soup every day for lunch, etc") Whatever it is, think through it logically.
Eventually, when you are dreaming, you will be able to recognize that you are dreaming because you have done this line of questioning so much. I used to do this and was able to control my dreams because of this technique. Thank you I'll definitely try this.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब.
@USER Maybe she’s a free spirit like her mom-Good Luck and keep us posted ??? @USER Thanks Jim… my free spirit has been tamed over time but not tide!
I was going to tell you to watch out for the swans, only to realise it isn’t Glastonbury. 
Nice picture!
EDIT: Wells. Not Glastonbury. Lincoln's coat of arms (or at least the Uni's) features swans. Swans are a thing in Lincoln :).
Anyone else find it a coincidence Covid ended in Victoria a month before the state election? It’s a miracle. @USER Almost like a non existent budget surplus the LNP announced before a federal election.  See how that works?
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER  @USER will never get my business due to their CEOs stance on LGBTQ+ rights.
I'll do you one better, 
WHY did this??? For humor.
eh... have you been to blanch ? lol
I remember arriving at ITB each morning after a weekend there'd be a new burnt out car in the far side of the car park. "natives getting restless" - was the best phrase I ever heard. A lot of Blanchardstown is really nice. It's a very big area. ITB is closer to Mulhuddart than it is to Blanch village. Mulhuddart, Fortlawn and most of Corduff are shitholes afaik.
@USER Morning Both. Have a good day. @USER Morning Greg.
Someone just told me they spent 7K on a gaming PC ? @USER Waste of money.
9/11, no matter what you say or think, that was absolutely, 100% guaranteed... An inside, controlled demolition based, Governmental job. Think of the amount of people and coordination it would take to pull off something of that magnitude. Meetings, planning, logistics, coordinating travel, allocating resources, phone calls, emails and all those people totally cool commuting the worst terrorist attack in US history. Nothing of substance gets leaked, no one had a change of heart?
Sapien says, “tomorrows exam can fuck off.”. Then tomorrow exam fucks Sapien in the ass.
I can't listen to newstalk/rte1/today FM anymore, it's wall to wall Corona virus shite repeating itself over and over. I started listening to LBC, it's pretty good. I've been listening to RTE Lyric and loving it.
Who's Peter Andre? Exactly!
The Stage 3 tax cuts are both unfair and completely unaffordable. 
They were a bad idea at the time and a terrible one now. @USER Over to you Sally. Albo can’t be held to ransom by the past (Gillard) and the threat of broken heart rhetoric. There are more important issues at stake!
I'd be walking around South Park being called 'Sir Douchebag'.
So, about the same, with more snow. Stick of truth or fractured?
Human immune system learns through trial and error. The thing is western world is too fragile for Indian conditions, conditions highly optimal for growth and proliferation of infectious microorganisms (which includes the germs). Also we do not have a cold cycle (at least in the parts southern to regions where it snows) which can wipe out almost all of the infectious microbes. In Europe and America, the immune system of the people is not worked out as much as an Indian's immune system. Half of the year the immune system of western population is chilling owning to the environmental conditions favouring humans over microorganisms. 
The memory of the way to defend the  body from the microorganisms (henceforth microbes) is short lived (for about 30-50 days). Hence as soon as the cold cycle ends and the conditions turn favourable for the microbes and all the memory of the immune system of how to defend itself from the microbe is gone. All the microbes are aliens to the body even though there might not be a significant change in the microbes characteristics. Hence there prevention is best and hence the sanitizers , extreme safety precautions etc are brought about.
In case of India where the environmental situation is highly favourable to the microbes than the humans. We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised. 
Hence we can say that we are inherently stronger than our western counterparts.
If theres any query regarding this please feel free to ask me any questions. I will answer what i know to my fullest. Thank you!
Upvoting this not because I totally believe you but for the simple fact that there are a lot of factors and variables involved wrt immunity including local environment, genetics, temperatures etc. It's a very interesting read.
OP mentioned a couple of published parameters and promptly concurred hand sanitizers are the best! (read sarcasm). Well, I need proof and references for the same, to objectively and conclusively prove or reject it. Otherwise, it's in the same league of those UN WhatsApp forwards.  
Hygiene is common sense but immunity is a different ball game.  
I mean, there are actual people writing their thesis on the same as we speak and along comes a  Google powered research paper.  
Till then, I think it would be best to leave the deductions to the specialists.
The way it's taught, you're not handed novels in French and just told, translate that and then explain the themes and nuanced readings in the language you're still not fluent in...
I still have better French than Irish after 21 years being out of school. It's just a shame imo. I would really like to be able to speak our language properly but I have an Irish oral for the LC soon and it is actually embarrassing that I'm still struggling to hold a general conversation after 13 years of learning it.
But it IS the slab's fault, little fucker. I often wonder if anyone watching is a lip reader, as I usually swear at the little fucker.
It is still completely beyond me why politicians would choose to have a social media presence - the thing that works with these things is authenticity and a genuine identity, neither of which they are capable of having... all that remains is an effortless target for ridicule.
UwU. @USER My Federal MP chooses not to have one and I thought that strange. #ZanetaMascarenhas.
There is something off with the restaurant Arby’s. Do you personally know anyone who eats there? Yes.  They have the meats.
Q5. What is the display type of the #GalaxyZFlip3? 
A. Dynamic AMOLED 2X
B. Dynamic AMOLED 3X
C. Static AMOLED X
D. Dynamic IPS
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER A. Dynamic AMOLED 2X
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
HIDE YO KIDZ, HIDE YO WIFE CUZ CORONAVIRUS GOIN' ROUND RAPING ERRYBODY. Haha, damn I forgot about that one.
@USER Damn, lame 2* ? @USER Nothing lame about it, I'll take as many raids as you can  send to get a hundo though ?
Ah yes, the extremely popular and frequently used light rail. Aka the damaged child of Melbourne's trams. What was Sydney thinking with that thing anyway? > What was Glady Koala Killer thinking with that thing anyway?
Fixed that for you my friend.
Mr  @USER please there are indications that you have been included as Spokesman in the campaign team for ObiDatti, I need you to confirm this bcos u are my spokesperson. @USER  @USER Is there another list ?
no one looks good in traditionals lets just say it together... Mai yeh sounch kar tweet kiya koi traditional Dress batate ga?
Lift weights, listen to Jordan Peterson. I suppose joining the cult of disenfranchised white males could possibly make you friends, just not the sort of friends any normal human would want.
I have concerns about the Tory Party, MPs &amp; Ministers that have taken millions of £££'s and Roubles, in what now turns out to be 'Dirty Russian Blood Money' and a Prime Minister that went without security to a Russian Oligarchs (Ex KGB) home just after a NATO meeting! Do you? @USER Absofuckinglutely.
This law was introduced off the back of the royal commission into family violence a few years ago. 
Pets, like children, are used by abusers as collateral over their partners. 
The commission found the difficulties of finding private rentals that accepted pets was a major factor in people experiencing ongoing violence.
This measure will save lives. I’d also hazard a guess that it will save lives through people having better mental health. Young people who are stressed and anxious might do better having a pet in the house to comfort them.
Bowel Distuptor. The brown noise?
And Muslims should understand that there is nothing to fear about CAA-NRC. It is this lack of understanding due to which the angry Hindu mob have to kill them. Once the Muslims stop fearing CAA and stop protesting, they don't have to fear the Hindu mob also. Lmao I feel like it's sarcastic but the time and environment we living in right now doesn't feel like sarcasam..
Like a bhakt can say this and will stand by it...
The irish seal rescue guy is on the ballot. Indeed, for some^cough reason I'll be voting for this lad.?
Also, the clown being picked up should be literally waiting at the window or door so there’s no need for driver to honk said horn. 
BE ON TIME PEOPLE! EXACTLY THIS. I could send an anonymous passive aggressive letter actually. 
Make it old skool by cutting out each letter individually from magazines and threaten his garden gnome if his mate keeps honking.
@USER  @USER  @USER I haven’t been able to download it from music glue either. @USER  @USER  @USER So glad it’s not just me. I see it as a good problem to have. An album so hot it’s creating a meltdown. ??
Clinton body count. There are too many “robberies gone wrong” and “suicides” surrounding their political controversies that it is surely them calling the hits. His name was Seth Rich.
Check out the Honda Wrv. It is a superb car for its price. This will cost more than 10L for a decent petrol variant.
I don't think I've ever stopped someone from doing anything ever, unless it was to stop them from annoying me, but even then it wouldn't have stopped them. So no. What an appallingly uncivic attitude to have.
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER No your so humble .unique .down  to earth Girl  podda.
@USER  @USER  @USER I very much hope for a signed copy. @USER  @USER  @USER Buy one and happy to do so !
Ten year olds. You won this question.
If i have to guess, Infosys, TCS or Wipro. All three have offices in dubai in knowledge city, along with 7 other indian firms that i know off ( plus mine ). No way to be sure.
BTw...we got an internal memo last week prohibiting any traval ( unless absolutely required ) via transit hubs like BK, Dubai, KL or SG.
Berlin. Stung by a bee. One star. Mosquito just bit me in the same place as my bee sting if you wanted to know how my day was going.
@USER  @USER Looked like he would go on to be a Premier league fixture. Another one we got unlucky with. @USER  @USER  @USER I don't think it helped that Bobby Gould decided to take a group of professional footballers on an army assault course, such a shame for Lee Hurst.
@USER Pga fields have been gutted, if Rory, Rham and Thomas don’t play not worth watching ! @USER Plus the course and broadcast - giant yawn.
@USER Boo Hoo. @USER Hi Jim.
*Grabs Popcorn*
Oh wait, this post will get on front page. >dating matrimony
Yeah, maybe
>28F
Surely it will hit front page.
@USER Yeah all up on site 2-1 joints Kildare and Romeo. @USER If Romeo gets 4 box he probably go 6/4.
@USER Can't say no ?? @USER ?You know me very well.
the problem with EAs is that they hold some of the largest vegan conferences in the world, but also think that at least some of the time, the market is the solution. 

this gives bad vibes to everyone. @USER If you view eating animals as a negative externality, or animal welfare as a public good (or both), then the free market is not the solution.
song was such a banger. Is such a banger, excuse me.
Iaintwotuthink is a genius lady. Ben_dover_pliss is trying to live his college days by stalking college kids.
@USER  @USER It was powerful Urlo. Made me cry. @USER  @USER Yep very much from the heart.
Hi Guys, your proactive AFP here.
We’re right onto this latest development and after a long and comprehensive investigation we have determined that no one has done anything wrong.
If by some chance it turns out that someone has been a bit naughty, it was no doubt a scumbag journalist or the Labor party.
Always happy to help and if you have any questions, just pop them on notice. > We’re right onto this latest development and after a long and comprehensive investigation where we interviewed no one who was involved, we have determined that no one has done anything wrong.
FTFY.
with Medical stuff I think. Care to elaborate?
So Mahua Moitra was the one who said this? Can anyone confirm this? I have seen this quote floating around on FB, Twitter, WhatsApp for weeks. Some of my friends shared this with me a month ago. This was on her story, probably Insta.
Make it legal for the Coastguard lads to be allowed to batter them once they've gotten them ashore. They shouldn't be sent out to get them. Just give them a cheery wave from the shore and get a cup of tea in.
@USER I wish there was a way to look inside. Always enjoy visiting the Air and Space Museum Annexe near Dulles. I think it’s better than the one on the Mall (currently closed). @USER  @USER The Udvar-Hazy Center is jaw dropping.
Former supporter, last night: “Joe, you’re a Democrat. Just admit it.”

Me: “I’m not a Democrat.”

Him: “U support Democrats. So u support their policy agenda.”

Me: “I oppose most of their agenda. But this isn’t about policy. It’s about our democracy.”

Him: “You’re a Democrat.”. @USER Most agree to wanting the highest level of autonomy possible (small government). Most agree our taxes should be efficiently managed. 
Most agree the Executive branch has swelled too large. 
This is where we almost all agree.

It makes one neither liberal or conservative.
Who do you think should sing the next #JamesBond  @USER title song? @USER  @USER Was there ever any truth to the rumour that if Amy Winehouse had gotten clean and sober for a year, Eon were prepared to give her a crack at a Bond song?
I'm a 4 and I get dog's abuse for it. 4 is the perfect cup. Any stronger and you might as well not have milk and any weaker and you might as well not have tea.
I remember this is when my family and I made the move to Brisbane from UK. it was a bit of a culture shock but there is something special about how 90s Australia felt. I loved going going to an outback school, we ended up in dalby. Guys did 'lappies' in the main street. Underage drinking at Marys pub. (not condoning it) Cigarettes will kill you,  MGF, Regurgitator, powderfinger Recovery, custard. nirvana, foo fighters, Pearl jam, yes spice girls lol. Superjesus was my first concert when I was 18 and living with friends in the late 90s. Livid festival.  I used to mosh! Holy crap lol. Mates I made.The balmy house parties in suburban Brisbane at uni. $1 drinks.  my flatmate watching dawsons creek, going to Lions games with her. Jason Akimanis and Luke Power.
most of the 90s I was at school though. In dalby I remember the Great Locust Plague of 1994. And the mouse plague of '93. National anthem at school assembly. heartbreak High, Drazic, X files, and my friend and I used to make cheesy Mulder and Scully birthday cards. Jimeoin and Bobs cooking show. Aussie comedy. four weddings and a funeral. Listening to Lawsie on the radio with my dad on holidays. riding around town on my bike, dropping in on mates. art class. it was the only one I really liked I think, and English, drama. I remember backchatting teachers. Cross Country runs in 35 degree heat. Celing fans. Lynx deorderant. chatting with my best mate outside school for ages about Ab Fab. we gossipped about teachers like Mrs Brown 'how now brownnn cow' as we watched her drive off in her "Toorak tractor" we used to say. (its ok, bitchiness was deserved),internet got connected in my house when I was in grade 12, I thought it was the biggest deal to be able to chat to a rando across the world.  school camp at Tallebudgera where apparently everyone isn't scared of heights except me. a bat flying into our cabin. my friend screaming. bahaha. Electric blue streaks in my hair. (18) because I thought that was cool ha. qcs exams. excitement about moving out. the last week of school.  yearbooks and saying goodbye. two girls wore the same dress to the year 12 formal and it was awkward.  schoolies. sorry for the punctuation, good thread. Best reply ever.
My wife. I also choose this man's wife.
Everyone already knows about the states complicity in whatever is happening and has been happening. This isn’t a case of both sides. Hindu supremacists were voted into power, they introduced an anti-Muslim bill, Muslims in Delhi and other parts of the country protested, the centre sent mobs to indiscriminately kill Muslims, loot them, rape them and destroy their properties. Mosques were destroyed and they raised a Hanuman flag on top of a mosque. The police also took part in this. 
Then why is it so hard to say that this is a pogrom against Muslim people? There is overwhelming evidence, and has been for a while now. You’re looking at Kashmir, UP, Delhi. All of the statements coming from the government are blatantly islamophobic, BJP supporters are blatantly islamophobic. So why can’t the obvious be stated? Why does every story in the news cycle have to be about both sides, when it’s just one side that is disproportionately affected?
The basis of this entire article is bullshit. This article doesn't shy away from calling it a pogrom tho. In fact it emphasizes on calling it so. All it says is, acknowledging that some Hindus also lost their lives at the hands of Muslims doesn't discredit the fact that this was state sanctioned violence - a pogrom.
Aye have them drink whiskey instead ? Have them neck it.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I continue coaching to try and give the players I work with the most enjoyable experience, I possibly can. Help them grow into decent human beings, and for a minority, professional athletes.
read the article!  This place smashed out 80000 cups a year. Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year! This is a good investment. Next year: Coffee cart to be privatised.
Does TikTok not count here? Im not too familiar with tiktok, can you make revenue?
Modi is a megalomaniac and attention seeker. He can't keep himself off the mainstream media. This is not happening. Just another PR stunt. posting this again because r/india has taken down two posts under which I made this comment.
@USER  @USER Wouldn’t last a minute I the real world. He’d be run out of town. @USER  @USER ‘in’ the real world.
If you're in a city with time to kill, what's the first thing you do? @USER Find a bar.
@USER Stunning days for you at the moment! @USER Today is 24 degrees and just stunning. Too dark to walk in the morning is my only gripe about it all as it was spectacular along the river this morning.
"you're going to have to look for the cat with your pants off". This needs some background information.
There is a call for a total boycott of a community. It is made publicly by a BJP Member of Parliament. 

But Modi Ji is silent. As always. 

And everyone is quiet. The media barely speaks up nowadays. Radio silence. 

Tragic state of affairs in India. @USER कुछ पागल कुत्ते जरूर भौंक रहे हैं।.
Just curious. Does anyone ever use the back left burner? @USER Lol, yes. Not often. But yes.
Have three lots of family members visiting at different times today. Don’t intend to leave the house at all, going to sit on my arse and enjoy hot drinks all day, before going back to three walks to school a day tomorrow. My parents want to take the kids to Liverpool today, so might get a chance for some Sunday Xbox. 
I’m halfway through two weeks off work. I totally forgot about work, until now. Il spend the second half dreading going back to work. And, er, where is the mandatory dog tax?
What fear mongering? Media has been pretty tame in their reports on the virus. If the coverage of the coronavirus was like an unidentified snake in your backyard, most of the Australian reporting runs like this:
>"Phwooaah! Look at the snake! It's brown. Like an Eastern Brown, one of the deadliest snakes in the world! Look at it! Ooh! It's coming closer! I heard there was one that bit the dog next door yesterday, and it DIED!!! Ooh, it's coming closer to us now! Oh, I've never seen such a vicious snake! Oh, it's moving towards the dog now. Phwooaah!"
Instead of giving more sane and practical advice (like instructions on what to do when you feel I'll, looking out for your elderly relatives and neighbours, having a plan when you get sick, the importance of washing hands/not touching your face, etc).
Who all is going to the Game on the 19th against Ole Piss? @USER Me and muss birthday ?‍?
$250 give away to who leaves the most comments &amp;  $250  to whoever leaves the last comment ‼️
Ends in 3 days &amp; post must reach 5,000 comments to trigger this giveaway.....
Comment “ #apejet “  and teg your 2 friends. @USER Jay APEJET.
@USER Luibin Mhairois (Moyrus) near Cárna. @USER Actually it’s Renvyle beach.
@USER Blocked. @USER  @USER He'd walk into virtually every team in the league.
The woak hate Arndt because she calls them out on their bullshit and punctures their lies, but especially because Arndt believes in equality for all, not replacing the patriarchy with a matriarchy.
The outrage machine doesn't like it when anyone stops and thinks about why things happen. They just want you to be outraged, because then you are easily manipulated. Arndt wants people to think seriously about teen sexuality, not just pretend it doesn't exist, and about the reasons why men commit murder-suicide. It's not for the LOLs, and its not because All Men Are Evil.
When somebody, man or woman, kills there own children and then themselves, it's not just a random act of evil. It happens for a reason. The outrage machine doesn't want you to think about those reasons, so anyone who challenges the prevailing narrative must be silenced.
Even if you disagree with Arndt's opinions, the fact that there are people who want to suppress her message is a million times worse than anything she said. I out her on the same level as Pauline Hanson. Controversial to get attention with the claim it's what everyone is thinking like a stopped clock she rarely right and should not get the attention she does.
PolitiFact "fact-checked" President Trump almost 6 times as often as they do Joe Biden.

Now you know why Americans don't trust fact-checkers. @USER Because trump lies 30x more often than Biden. Pretty simple, really.
@USER Here it's been raining since 3 days ffs. @USER North me rimjhim baarish ho Rahi hai.
As you can see with Patrick Collins and Eibhear Quilligan, the smallest errors carry huge weight when you’re the man between the sticks. @USER Puck outs still need work. Not sure it's on him.  Could be better at winning the second ball from longer puck outs.
I went there about 10 years ago. Costs about £20 to go in and it's just a greenhouse. You go to look at the plants not the greenhouse. It's like saying a restaurant is just a bunch of tables.
Great. Grab a corona before the virus closes the pubs and stores. Which one? The one from Mexico or China?
@USER Question regarding the Norman teacher that remains unanswered.  Was she or was she not removed from her class that day?  That’s the real ask. @USER And you’re taking the press release from Norman Public Schools as factual to say she was fired for making political statements rather than sharing the book code.  The school took a lot of bad press and it appears they are trying hard to rewrite the narrative.
Amit killed those people. You should ask for his resignation rather. Narendra was not saying a word. If you want a bike, ask for a car.
Does he wink the wrong way or is it just me? It's a freemason sex wink.
Hi, we direct the majority of food / breakfast / look at my plate type posts to r/uk_food these days. 
I’ve removed this one. No problem!
Does anyone know how much money you have to have in your account for the UK Ancestry Visa these days? 

(The internet says all sorts of different things. When I last got mine it was $5K.). @USER When I applied for mine in 2006 it was just given and stamped in my passport and returned in like 72 hours. I thought ancestry was ancestry not a money privilege minimum.
@USER Good morning brother.
Get it started and let it be a fantastic day. @USER Good morning, and today will be a positive experience ?
शव यात्रा में अगर कोई 'राम नाम सत्य है' 
बोल दे तो उसे गोली तो नहीं मार दी जाएगी ?
? @USER तुम जैसो की गोली तो नहीं
.... ""!""
समझ लो क्या मार ली जाएगी.
RTE pundits sometimes hard to listen to ? @USER 100% right.
Hugo Boss got rich off using Jewish slaves to make Nazi uniforms. Fuck them. No he didn't, he got famous through comedy.
Wasn't it already contracted and sold years ago through backroom deals? I know people working in the industry and they knew about the privatization over a year ago. They sold off a few depots about 2 years ago (Leichhardt, Burwood, Kingsgrove and Tempe).
The government still owns Ryde, waverley, Botany, Brookvale, Randwick, Willoughby, North Sydney and Monavale.
Black eye, bruised ribs( i think a few probably were broken but this was years ago so I’m not exactly sure), bloody nose and a twisted ankle. Wow I’m so sorry that happened to you and I hope that you are fine now.
Legit question: if shit does hit the fan, can Muslim countries refuse to sell us oil? Or is our market just too big for that? We get most of our oil from Saudis and Iraq
Historically, has it ever happened? Market and also Muslim countries didn't say much about Xinjiang as well and didn't do much about rohingya genocide. 
The middle east is kinda like in a cold war like situation.
@USER  @USER Thinking SNP need to announce and call out these obvious slurs. How many Conservative MPs are under investigation, the ones that are public, l've honestly lost count. @USER  @USER  @USER I think 56.
We used to throw quite a few parties at my old uni place. People would just pass out where and as they pleased.
Woke up to one of our mates standing in our living room, obviously sleep walking - he was pissing directly onto our sofa. We shouted at him, no response. So my housemate punched him, which woke him and stopped him pissing.
We explained to him what he was doing, he apologised, went back to sleep and got up in the morning to clean the piss off my sofa. Fortunately it was a leather sofa, but it was still a bit pissy so we just made people we didn't like sit on it. That classic smirk everyone gave each other when someone was made to sit on the pissy sofa xD.
@USER A wet race is the ultimate.
That’s when you find out who can really drive. @USER I think a few drivers were regretting not starting the race in their tinnies.
I believe that the U.S government has men in black that make people "disappear" if they know more than what's good for them. r/missing411.
What are you currently learning? ?‍??‍? @USER Javascript.
Apologies for jumping in, and downvote it all, if you like. I’m not Irish, but seeing as this thing gets global: We have been through bird and swine flu, the pneumonia, and now this. Not to mention Ebola. And here we all are. It’s not like we have a plague on our hands and as far as I know it’s not the Middle Ages. I heart all the people who lost their loved ones. It is a great tragedy. But isn’t it getting a bit out of hand? I dont know the parade is a bit of a plague haha, but I do agree we shouldnt cancel it for covid-19 I dont remember covids 1-18 so they couldnt have been that bad.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER The Bunnett understanding how elections work. Next he’ll be expecting manifestos to be implemented. Good Lord.
2? 2 what? 2 speed? 2 I don't suppose 200% was an option on that one. There's a decimal point there if you squint real hard. 0's are overrated.
Someone go to fright fest with me next weekend! It’s Halloween season and I’m trying to do spooky shit bro! @USER Let’s go !
ITT: Many folks complaining that the title is misleading since there have been no actual tests conducted - because the scientists are irritated that they have to spend time and resources behind such a wild claim - rather than undertaking more important research.
so my new question is - if there is a large scale experiment where the effects are actually monitored & documented - do you reckon people will actually sign up for it.... and willingly put themselves in the mix "for science". Faith bad.
Joan Collins hired her husband. Seán Sherlock hired his sister. Andrew Doyle hired his sister. Bernard Durkan hired his son. Brendan Griffin hired his wife and his cousin. Alan Farrell hired his wife. Kate O'Connell hired her sister. John McGuinness hired his son. Danny Healy-Rae hired his wife. Michael Healy-Rae hired his son (he had also worked in the role for his father). Martin Heydon hired his sister. Michael Collins hired his brother. Seán Canny hired his wife. Helen Mac Entee hired her aunt and cousin. Catherine Byrne hired her daughter and her niece. Michael Ring hired his daughter.  Sean O Fearghail  hired his daughter. Ciarán Cannon hired his wife. Mattie McGrath hired his daughter and his niece.
I could probably go on, but I think that gives a sense of the level of nepotism in this.
Costello's wife is Hazel Chu, a green party cllr. He could have done the easy thing and hired her on the sly.
TDs doing this will tell you that "they're well qualified for the role", but what is telling is that none of them are willing to run an open competition to see if anyone better qualified will show up. >Costello's wife is Hazel Chu, a green party cllr. He could have done the easy thing and hired her on the sly.
She's going to be mayor in a few months and will be going for TD in future so not really.
You bought it. And used a massive chunk of the body wash...
Here's an article with more information:  URL 
>“As noted by the conservation officer, the polychromatic geometrical design has a resonance with the late Victorian architecture which is the predominant character of this part of the city centre conservation area and is considered to be an enhancement of the conservation area setting.”. > polychromatic geometrical design has a resonance with the late Victorian architecture 
Ahh yes, the classic Victorian aesthetic of Duplo.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ??
Tell me you ain’t never had it like this…. @USER Never.
Tell me you ain’t never had it like this…. @USER Never.
Once people think that everything is created by God, thinking stops.
Whatever happens, is the work of Gods. No it's not.
@USER Yipeeeee. Congrats to you fine Mama for getting him there too ! ?? @USER ???
The Vogon ships hung in the sky in exactly the same way that bricks don't. This is still probably one of my favourite lines.
My vitamin D is so low smh. @USER Too easy.
Are there any Indian colleges/unis (apart from IIT/IISc/NIT), who, despite the outdated curriculum, are going all out and making sincere efforts in making sure the students are learning the latest developments in their chosen fields? Not sure if this is what you wanted to know but the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India is decent in this regard. Of course it isn't perfect and has lots of flaws but still the course itself is pretty decent.
Combine that with the fact that we have to undergo 3 years of compulsory Articleship (internship) under a qualified CA makes the course more practical oriented. We work in actual CA firms doing most of the work for the CAs. It's a pretty decent model.
So my roommate just got back from a skiing trip in Andorra two days ago and now has a dry cough, fever and fatigue. 
She called out of work sick but won't call the GP till the morning. She saids she doesn't feel too bad since it's no worse than a cold. 
And she's not exactly being over the top with the whole hand washing thing. Oh, and she works in pharma . We're fucked lads! She should self-isolate for three weeks at least. Anything else is irresponsible. Show her this post!
Just come back from a drive with my dad, and I think I almost enjoyed it. Probably a sign I can actually drive, and I ought to sack off my current driving instructor for a more patient one - I'm sick of being shouted at, and it's got to the point where I jump if anyone in the passenger seat moves or raises their voice. Luckily enough, mine's away for two weeks now, so it gives me the opportunity to call around. 
Off for a carvery in a bit with the twin and a friend from school, which I'm looking forward to. Since I started my new job, my commute has tripled, and I don't have as much time with them as I'd like, so it's always nice for a catch-up. Remember, you're paying them! If you don't like the way they do it, get someone else. It's so important to have someone who builds your confidence to drive instead of lowering it.
To keep people away from me on the way home from shopping today, I coughed a couple of times and wholeass groups of adults changed their path.
I'd see someone walking my way, I'd cough a lil and they would look for a way out. I know it's a lil mean, but it's the best way to keep people away from me since I already washed my hands, used sanitiser and took precautions before. That's pretty smart.
read this.
 URL 
&#x200B;
Edit: At least this article wasn't published in a men's fashion/grooming website. Now tell us how credible you think the journal ancient whatever they quote a paper from is. I suggest you look it up, before sharing your opinion, since people can find papers from that journal and discuss.
Most people are asymptomatic in the early stages,and something like eighty percent of carriers only get mild symptoms.
So, scanning might look good,but is next to useless. How is it next to useless when it still catches people? Anything that slows its spread is useful.
@USER I'd add Dames Maggie Smith and Shirley Bassey. @USER Yep definitely.
Does TikTok not count here? Im not too familiar with tiktok, can you make revenue?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#बहुजन_महानायक. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#कांशीरामजी_को_भारतरत्न_मिलना_चाहिए 
#बहुजन_महानायक.
@USER Clare were lucky today. The subs made a big impact. Too many times Clare didn't get the rub of the green but had it today. A good situation for Clare as that game will have grounded them prior to KK semi. @USER Couldn't agree more. Even during the game for large stretches, they'd no luck. Two of Wexford's goals were free outs for instance. But they kept their heads which is great to see. They'll be sharper for it the next day.
They don't raise any emotion from me. Which may be worse than hating them. I remember they were on a show with Jack Dee. Jack Dee said "The only reason why people watch you is because it's the only time that two geordies are not having a punch up".
I don't use Tinder, I use the Obituary section. As long as she is not decomposed is ok. Must be your life philosophy.
Zee News demands there should be a law for contempt of PM.

If the law is extended to former PMs, even the present PM might be held in contempt. @USER It is a brain child of Pradhan Sevak that his godi media is trying to propagate. Also this law believe me would only be valid till this feku is the pradhansevak.
The reason why is because "Britannia Rules" the waves, and Brexiters want to believe it that way. Indeed, god bless 'em! Killybegs by volume & value is largest fishing port in IRE. Brussels better not throw us under the bus on this front.
Related aspect re Irish territorial waters that keeps surfacing on back of Brexit-
Let's look a decade out when a UI will likely be dealing directly with an independent Scotland. Despite my own musings on the topic, Rockall is clearly in Scottish waters. Salient aspect is the potential gas/oil/mineral reserves immediately due south in Irish waters...this could get very messy!
I hope  @USER will insist that all Twitter posters use their real names &amp; not be keyboard cowards hiding behind silly little sophomoric screen names.  Be man enough or woman enough (if you even know what that is) to stand by what you say! If you can’t own it don’t say it. @USER  @USER Keep talking. Reminds me who to stay away from.
with Medical stuff I think. Care to elaborate?
The first corona virus death in the US was in the town next to mine. Time to ask your crush out now.
@USER Do you deny there were followers of Jesus in the 1st century? @USER No I don't deny that Jesus had followers! They were all Jews, As I said, Christianity did not exist nor the Gospels, Good night.
I have ethical issues with Crufts. Their arbitrary breed standards have resulted in dogs with horrific medical problems, causing needless suffering. The sooner Crufts disappears, the better, as far as I'm concerned. "Pedigree" is just a more polite term for "inbred".
I have a bidet so can ration toilet paper pretty well but I guess a lot of people can't :P I can understand why people might stock up on it if they're worried though, they'll eventually use it so not really a waste of money plus it's one of my worst nightmares to run out of toilet paper and I think I'm not alone in that fear. Bidet salespeople should be working overtime right now.
I can't pick a song but definitely The Score. Always good!
Indians giving random foreigners undue importance since 1800s... Saar, he's saying something I agree with so upvotes to the left.
The Mams WhatsApp group here in D9 is off on one now give me strength. Anything hilarious? Please share if there is.
How many roads must a man walk down? The only word I know is grunt and I can't spell it.
Today I thought oh I’m only in my home town a few more days maybe I can whack on a respirator and visit a dear friend who lives not far from me and then I remembered she is a cooker now and I cried like a little kid because it feels like we have no place in the world.

But we do. @USER You all do have a vital place in this world. You're not alone Sam. I share your pain and disappointment.
I'd look at the guy dead serious " I thought you were single! You told me I was special.". I’d go with the “Can you PLEASE, lower the ransom?”.
Political parties should never be tied so closely with religion. BJP should never have been a hindu party . All this bullshit would have never happened. Fuck religion for causing so much hate in this world. > BJP should never have been a hindu party .
That is all they have. Without religion angle, BJP is nothing.
Berlin. Stung by a bee. One star. Mosquito just bit me in the same place as my bee sting if you wanted to know how my day was going.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER People.
In Canberra, fewer than normal. They must have been smoked out.
Some years, the flies are bad. Much fewer, too dry? Smoke was prob a factor too, I agree.
The time is now. The three-episode premiere of #Andor, an Original series from Star Wars is now streaming only on @DisneyPlus. @USER  @USER Yeeesss!
So Mahua Moitra was the one who said this? Can anyone confirm this? I have seen this quote floating around on FB, Twitter, WhatsApp for weeks. Some of my friends shared this with me a month ago. This was on her story, probably Insta.
Carlow doesn't exist. Its just one of those things they put on the map to fill up space. carlovian here, can confirm, is real, but is a shithole.
Did you lose a fiver yesterday? No he’s the guy who took the muffin.
How buggered am i? 28 with heart failure. I'm sure your lungs are perky compared to my 45 years of abuse.
They're acting? Wait so they weren't non related by blood?
एवढया वर्षे झाले ट्विटर वापरते पण like ला चार वेळा प्रेस केल्यावर स्क्रिनशॉट निघतो हे आज समजले ?‍♀️?‍♀️. @USER Ho ka.
as a non irishmun would anyone care to tell me just what a yoke is and why he's grand? My best interpretation is that it's a stolen car and so there's some kind of insurance effective against that? Yoke just means a "thing", you can call anything a yoke, in this context it means the car. Grand just means "OK" or "good". He's more or less sayin "the car was robbed its alright".
does anyone ever take their car to Valencia and expect to park there to get food?
I’ve never seen this ever. People walk, bike, uber/lyft. @USER I think I’ve tried this twice and regretted it both times.
Regular salted butter should be fine, though feel free to try it either way. The most important factor is that the butter is melted.
As for the bread it's personal preference.
Also I like it on toast with eggs on top. I have a toaster oven i use for my toast for breakfast.  so I crisp it up and can melt the "fat" in the warm oven after if needed.
Is this to like mix the fat an Vegemite into a well mixture?
I normally don't eat many eggs in the week... Could avocado be a substitute?  Insert millennial joke, but I lived off $.50 avacados in the US from 2005-2007, in the Good old days.
I wish we used the metric system like almost every other country in the world. Finally, the response I've been waiting for.
I always believed that Partitioned shouldn’t have happened and we should have been all living in one unified india. I am a Pakistani living in Los Angeles and have a lot of Indian friends. 
Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan. It would have been quite hard for a party like bjp to ever come to power... If we were united.... Problem is Muslims have no majority state they are fragmented across the subcontinent had there been states like Muslim dominated east bengal Sindh punjab and kashmir... Not sure if Balouch would have joined this shit would have never happened.... Altho our democracy should have made sure that this should have never been a case but well nothing is perfect and sadly it has come to this...
SERIOUS QUESTION: Do you know anyone who is fully vaccinated, boosted, and never got COVID? @USER I am one of those. Exercised every precaution and am covid free along with my family. I was also covid free when i was only vaccinated with first dose. Cheers!
Eh carra you got shit banter for a scouser fucking hell la you been hanging out with Neville too long oasis piss all over the Beatles how many times did they do knebworth. @USER Piss all over the Beatles??? U should b flogged fr saying such tings, n ur dreams Liam, U are overrated, the Beatles ar not, end of.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Not in Melbourne.
Getting your DNA sequenced in the USA by a random by mail corporation just to find out if you’re “exotic” in any way is stupid. Fellow people, stop it! The government can get a hold of it and best case, record your DNA for no reason. Worst case...use it for future eugenics endeavors? Figure out if you’re “too sick” to have health insurance?
Edit: took out “white people” because Reddit was too fragile for my 4% Cherokee joke. I just don’t trust it. They know where we are and what we search, who we talk to at all times.  I’d rather them not having access to my biological matter too!
मर्द के शब्द झूठे हो सकते हैं मगर आसूं कभी नहीं.. @USER Aap shi bole.
I live in a lovely village but it's in Nadine Dorries: constituency. Help! Pro  European, climate, love and compassion. #Followbackfriday #HumanRights  #FBFriday. @USER Has she been back since she was elected?
@USER Bob Mortimer. @USER Good shout.
Here you go mate, hope you're good at chemistry: 
 URL. You'd have to be high to want to do this, I mean really.
@USER Why is ozuna dh? @USER Both fair questions.
Psychology is a Freud subject
u/visionerarchitect. WUNDT agree.
@USER Mine was awful lol Wordle 477 6/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛?
⬛??⬛⬛
?⬛⬛?⬛
??⬛⬛?
??⬛??
????? @USER Is it even a word??
Has it been any good this series I gave up when capaldi kept wearing sunglasses. It's been better  than it has for a while in my opinion.
> A motel on the New South Wales South Coast has charged a guest $50 for writing what it described as a "defamatory" review.
> 
> Sharon Graham spent two nights at the Mollymook Ocean View Motel last week, and gave the motel a score of six out of 10 on the website Booking.com.
> 
> Ms Graham said the location was good but a bit noisy, and that she was unsure whether the motel offered daily room service.
> 
> "I thought it was quite a fair review," Ms Graham said.
> 
> Ms Graham was shocked when, having checked out, she received a second invoice which listed a $50 credit card fee for leaving a "false review" online.
> 
> The motel said the $50 will be refunded when the review is taken down.
> 
> "Social media bookings false review will be refunded if removed within 24 hours," the invoice read.
> 
> Motel management claimed the review was misleading and harmed the business's public image.
> 
> "The score is not even close to the average rating," the motel said. /r/TourismHell.
If I send a photo to your phone on Whatsapp, will you reply to me? ?? @USER Yes so send to +14042467953.
And to add salt to your and our wounds, majority of the people on İnternet and social media are supporting this or are enjoying this.
Media hasn't changed, it's still the same. They didn't even cover the transfer of judge overnight with the same passion as they covered Ankit Sharma's murder.
No questioning from Modi-Shah or BJP. People are supporting Kapil Mishra. All blame shifted to Tahir Hussain.
Sorry freedom fighters, we let you down. Remember the time after Pulwama, how everyone was shouting for war.
We will be lucky if we aren't at 20+ cases by the end of the week. Containment has worked so far, but the current sufferer was out and about for a few days while sick so will need lady luck on our side for numbers to stay down.
Hopfully further spread is limited and / or slow. Speaking of containment - this virus has been circulating in China for about 3 months or so.  China has a population of 1.38 billion.  So far, about 80,000 have contracted the virus and just under 3,000 have died.  For a country with such a massive population and lots of very densely populated cities, I'd say that's pretty good containment so far.
Think it's called filth. Do you have a wiki link? I can only find some scripted shows.
He may have a point.  Does it feature child abuse? Well, no, but also, yes
Eromanga Sensei (the series this guy was most disgusted by) is a weird show though. Its casually pedophillic, but its also mostly just cute as heck. Its about an extremely prolific light novel author who's a teenager (for some reason in this universe, basically every successful author ever is a teenager), who writes under a pseudonym and gets his books illustrated by an artist he only knows through the internet called Eromanga Sensei. ES is assumed to be an adult dude, because he's known for his very erotic art. Turns out ES is actually... his little [step] sister (who's like 12), who he hasn't seen in over a year despite living in the same house because after their parents died she refused to come out of her room. And, other than the main siscon thing, its about her slowly coming out and becoming almost socially functional. If you can ignore the sex jokes and the marriage proposal and that the girl molests a few other people for "artistic reference", you can almost treat it like a totally wholesome show about social anxiety
Its in the same universe as My Little Sister Can't Be This Cute (clearly the author of these has a type...), though in that show the sister is a lot, eh, bossier.
@USER Good morning brother.
Get it started and let it be a fantastic day. @USER Good morning, and today will be a positive experience ?
There is a call for a total boycott of a community. It is made publicly by a BJP Member of Parliament. 

But Modi Ji is silent. As always. 

And everyone is quiet. The media barely speaks up nowadays. Radio silence. 

Tragic state of affairs in India. @USER कुछ पागल कुत्ते जरूर भौंक रहे हैं।.
A Tweet up is needed . I can org a Dublin one ? Kindred spirits need to come together . Too much negativity going on. Let's have fun ? 
 xx 
Pls reply below if interested xx. @USER I'm in Dublin ?? can you explain more about this please? ??
@USER Morning kirsty how are you this morning am ok.enjoy your day. @USER Morning Ian. I’m great thanks hope you are too. Have the best day. Happy Wednesday ?
Cardinals Nation roll call!

Let's see how far Cardinals nation stretches around the globe! Where are you watching today's game from? @USER “Baston” at dah sevens.
I don't know, I can't even lay down and watch a movie or TV in bed. I usually try with background noise , but it doesn't help.
another "sealion" troll.
Sealioning (also spelled sea-lioning and sea lioning) is a type of trolling or harassment which consists of pursuing people with persistent requests for evidence or repeated questions, while maintaining a pretense of civility and sincerity.
Sealioning - Wikipedia.  URL. I'm sorry, I don't see anything persistent about OP's requests.
This is such a Varadkar thing to do.. He's making a laugh of FG and his cultish followers allow it. To be fair, the blue shirts have it coming.
Scientists have discovered a way to combat anxiety disorders: This breakthrough remedy also helps people cope with depression, fibromyalgia, chronic pain, nervous exhaustion, and other conditions. Don't put it off any longer because demand is increasing by the day. @USER Grass means no Skittles or Haribos , Young Dumb and Broke Khalid. @SkyNews.
If you’re an aussie and are in NFTs RT this tweet. 

I want to connect to more aussies in this space ??? @USER Sydney ??
Like me? Because I’d love to sing for Queen, but I’m not gay and don’t want to have AIDS. No judgement, I just need clarification. You'd become their new lead singer.
कुछ मोहब्बत है इसलिए भी अधूरी रह जाती हैं

ताकि उनके परिवार खुश रह सके...? @USER उफफफफफ
ये मजबूरियाँ ।.
@USER #TheGazaYouDontSee. @USER  @USER It's basically the Warsaw Ghetto.
Wooooooaaahhhh mysterious girl, I wanna ~~get close to you~~ remain at least 2 chevrons apart from you. You could of gone with anything but you went with chevrons! Now I feel like I’m on the M1 between J26 and 30. 10/10 good sir.
> Reviewer. Theatre. TV. Film
Sure, but it sounds like you've got quite the back log of movies because this one came out about 3 and a half years ago. ? the state of this twatter profile...
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. Maybe they want you to think hes dead when the real conspiracy is he is still alive.
The kind of venom Hindutva supporters are spewing at Mulayam Singh Yadav on his demise is at another level altogether. @USER A tragic chapter in the history by Indian Democracy shall come to an end soon. The Hindutva groups &amp; the body media will be paying a price for their Unconstitutional blunders. Jai Hind.
Your domestic league will only be a success when it is viewed on its own terms, not as some preamble to prepare for Europe. 

English clubs don't think that way. French clubs don't think that way. 

We need to think that way too. @USER SA team winning probably the best thing to happen. Makes the rest hungrier. Cannot wait for next season already ?
It's Sunday. It's always carnage. but it normally  doesnt look like, some has set up an illegal pitch at a market, trying to flog something that fell off the back of a truck.
@USER Oh dear. @USER It’s ok, wine has fixed everything.
@USER HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH. @USER Hahahahaah.
RSS is meeting Muslims, Mohan Bhagwat is praising Ambedkar, wants more social corrective action to reduce casteism, for the first time RSS invites a woman chief guest on their Dussera event. 

All this in one month, since the massive success of #BharatJodoYatra 

 @USER ?? @USER  @USER so you were a congi all along .... what unethical b@$&amp;@#d!!...
That’s America now. It starts of with a bit of prejudice (like trans in the army) and mutates into policy signed off by the great one. It’s disturbing watching people have their rights stripped from them. Maybe this ban is just another of those prejudices to policy, be careful. Wonder who downvoted your comment.. seems like a reasonable concern.
@USER Don't get sucked in, it's all made up by the Victorians ? @USER  @USER As cosplay goes, it’s pretty epic though, no?
Piss. Alcohol
Pissed. Drunk
Pissed off. Angry.
Pissing. Urinating
Pissing down. Heavy rain
Taking the piss. Having a joke at someone's expense
Taking a piss. Urinating. Pisser. Amusing joke or incident.
Pissing around. Wasting time.
Pissweak or weak as piss. Very weak
Piss off. Go away.
Some of these aren't unique to Aus but what a versatile word!
@USER Happy Thursday Lee! @USER Thank you H.❤.
Two most difficult areas in counseling in medicine -
1. Convincing a patient with widal positive test that they don't need an antibiotic
2. Convincing patient to start/switch to insulin when the situation demands.
#MedTwitter
Any other issues frequently faced in counseling? @USER Convincing patients tht severe depression ( with or without psychotic symptoms) is not the time to go for therapy and needs meds?
@USER ??? you're there, Mel! 3lbs is just heavy socks, really.  It's a lot of hard work, bless. May you always be healthy ? @USER It has been hard work but so so worth it.. thank you ? 

Gonna weigh next week- naked. ???
@USER There he is! Miss the big fella, can't wait to voice him again. @USER Thank you, I’ll do my best to catch up the schedule and then into the voice work process! ❤️.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Many congratulations,  @USER bhaiya. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations to you, too-  @USER It was the first #GBD paper we worked on in early 2020.
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER Vice President!
ଅର୍ଚନା ନାଗ ସର୍ବଦଳୀୟ ବୁଦ୍ଧିମତୀ ମହିଳା ଟିଏ ଥିଲେ
ବିଜେଡି,ବିଜେପି, କଂଗ୍ରେସ ସବୁ ଦଳର ନେତାଙ୍କ ସହ ସମ୍ପର୍କ ସ୍ଥାପନ କରି ରଖିଥିଲେ
ଯାହା ଫଳରେ ଏତେ ବଡ଼ ଘଟଣା ଉପରେ ଏବେ କେହି କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ  ଆନ୍ଦୋଳନ କରିବେନି
ସମସ୍ତଙ୍କର ତ ଏଠି କେଂ,କିଏ କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ କହିବ....?? @USER We r targetting one girl here,many women who r staying in BBSR in independent houses r involved in illegal criminal activities.There is no background check happening in apartments and independent houses. So many private organizations r getting registered without verification.
@USER Wexford had a tougher league campaign than Kilkenny etc. And we've beaten all the other 5 teams left in the championship this year. @USER  @USER I hope to God Wexford show up tomorrow or it ll be like the Kerry game with Wexford playing the part of the Kingdom men.
My conserve roof blew off thanks to that wanker Dennis.
Still, the even bigger dick splashes at Aviva home insurance have yet to do anything about it. Send the twats a tweet, I did with Curry's and got a response immediately. Seems to be the way now as they don't like bad press.
Communist pretend to be faithful but they are committed to annihilate faith based mindsets  @USER has evil intent just observe his eyes,his pride,his justifications of such evils,always his way,hurtful without care—consequences that we all have been punished hurt.. —&amp; crippled by.This man has no right to call himself a leader of a population of this Vic’t state of Australia  @USER has led 6M souls into debt misrepresented values that are fooled felled &amp; flat lined.
Gets jealous when I go to work. How else we gonna feed them? They never think through stuff like this do they.
Irrigation scam has put this guy on BJP leash. Dafq? He is deputy CM
He was given clean chit by BJP
Who is on whose leash again?
I'm still washing my hands. Besides I know I won't get it. > I'm still washing my hands.
For now. People had apparently already bought ALL stock of soap bar / liquid hand soap etc. products when I went to do my usual grocery shop locally yesterday.  Eejits panic buying and hoarding a year's supply of soap, or just a lot more people who just started, you know, washing, or I suppose a combo of the two...
Soap making, even from a "you're in a forest and it's the stone age" level, is actually pretty easy of course, but very labor-intensive compared to going to a shop and buying it, sigh...
Say usual place again. The ushe.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. Lmao what idiots. Literally breaching the migration act by referencing visa outcomes.
@USER awesome!!!!!! @USER Thank youuuuu!
Dear all ,

I have no objection to you guys putting your personal opinions, comments etc. 
But ,
My humble request to you Please do not tag or mention me in your personal posts. 

In case of exception, I will be forced to take strict action against you.

??? @USER ଏଇ ଲେଖା ପଢି ମୁଁ ତ ଜମାରୁ ଆମ ଭାଇଙ୍କୁ tag କରିବି ନାହିଁ  ମୋତେ ଯିଏ tag କରିଲେ କିଛି କଥା ନାଇଁ  ଯାହାର ବେଳା ଖରାପ ଥିବ ସେ ହିଁ ଆମ ଭାଇଙ୍କୁ tag କରିବ ?????
I don't know why Honohan has decided to keep the name of the school or the fact it is a child secret. No one is asking for the name of the actual child, just the school. Then he fucks up and let's the fact it's a child slip to journalists himself? The hse can't keep these secrets not only because it's impossible since we'll find out anyway but also and more importantly we have a right to know more details about threats to our families so we can make our own decisons..
For example, I needed to know what school this was last night because if it had been near me I wouldn't have sent my kid  to pre-school today as a precaution. That's my choice given my own families circumstances. But I need accurate info in order to make that choice. And this choice to protect an entire school's "privacy" forced me to find out the name of the school through Reddit last night, not the people who are in charge of managing the crisis. Despite them having it. Exactly. All they are doing is allowing rumours to intensify and distrust in the goverment and health service to grow. How did they think the schools name would not get out? 400 pupils, 800 parents telling there work, neighbours and family. It was all over the internet within 10 mins.
No one was asking for the students/teachers name. But have a right to know what community the virus is circulating in.
I saw the exact same thing in a Greggs in Manchester Victoria. Weird! I'm down south mate so that wasn't it, weird!
I feel like there hasn’t been a lot of team acknowledgment of Pride Round, or am I crazy? @USER So I think it's technically next week ? But some of teams who have away games next week are going early to get a home Pride game 
Because I also had the same thought, and given it was a WB/Carl idea seems very bizarre to have nothing from either club.
@USER What if it is a Nifty NFT? @USER  @USER Unacceptable.
Food, sex, sleep what would you like ? @USER Food.
Clam. Stay clammy and call your mammy.
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER Happy Birthday Claire. Have a great day! ❤️??
I have a friend in the RFS and he did not once get a call out for the bush fires over the summer despire being available, he has been in the RFS for over 5 years. I think the RFS management needs to get their act together. Not sure of the downvotes, that sucks regarding your friend.
Queen or Prince? @USER I am a huge fan of queen but I got to go with prince was a once in a generation talent.
जबसे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की हत्या हुई है तबसे अब तक 35 बॉलीवुड फिल्मे फ्लॉप हो चुकी है,,

कुछ साल और बहिस्कार और सारी गंदगी साफ़ हो जाएगी बॉलीवुड की !! @USER Yes mam I agree with you ❤️.
Of the top spenders:
Latvia - To deter Russia
Estonia - To deter Russia
Greece - To deter Turkey
Cyprus - The other half of their island is occupied by Turkey
France - Involved in multiple engagements around the world. Takes a lead in European defense. Maintains an expensive modern nuclear deterrent.   
There is an argument for contributing more to defense in the region as a whole that said.
What does Ireland need to deter? >What does Ireland need to deter?
Take a look to the east.
It's Benadryl Custardbath-get it RIGHT! It's actually Benecol Camembert, surprised you'd make that mistake.
Headache and stomach ache, my legs gonna fall off tomorrow. @USER This is no good….
End credits scene where sex offender Sonic comes at new Sonic and he screams "fuck!". Wait did that actually happen?
Hope he does well. Dalit-Muslim-Adivasi unity only can save this country. We need OBC to realize that they are being used by upper caste to enforce caste system. No change in India is possible without including them. They make around 50% of Indias population.
Is TikTok destroying civilization? Some people think so. @USER It is more dangerous than people think!
My tweets aren't very wholesome at the moment and for that I apologise. @USER No need to apologise.
What if the wheels on the bus didn't go round and round? @USER Up and down?
Any other introverts out there have to work up energy before going out to events by themselves? What do you say to yourself in your pep talk? @USER Not much to say since Ppl will understand your absence.
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER Hoooo.
Love a bitta Lankum, haven't seen them live yet though. I saw Radie Peat supporting Beak> last month in the Button Factory, she's incredible, really have to see the full line up soon.
0800 double 0, ( fill in blank). Oh no...
If you had to gift me the last thing you purchased, what would I be getting? @USER Lol ...sorry anti-diarrhea medicine.
She said hello, we said goodbye. Hol up.
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? Really? Who knew one day when all the world's knowledge will be at our finger tips, we will rather become a bigger douche bag. 
Great inference. Appalled by your education and logic of first comment and then review/research?
Southampton, Fulham and Leeds United are all interested in signing #mufc defender Phil Jones. [@MARCAinENGLISH]. @USER  @USER Thought he moved to bodeaux.
Code with music or without? @USER Only if it helps you to concentrate otherwise it's a distraction and will lead to unnecessary errors.
Wasn't wombats the natural heroes of the bush fires just a few weeks ago? They were herding and providing small animals with shelter in their burrows. Now they are pests?!
What is wrong with people?? Well there are no more fires now so we're going to have to let you go /s.
Dog barks at me every once in a while for no reason. New bad habit. Maybe you should give him more treats? :D.
@USER A beautiful partial melanistic Leopard. There is another partial melanistic one at Pench -Madhya Pradesh too ? @USER Good info.
Philadelphia is where it's at, we're gay af. Yes we’ve seen 76ers fans.
On another sign, he is driving the car... On another sign, he's in a cart being pulled by a horse.
An Ainsley Chariot.
Way to fear monger, OP. What a dumb thing to post. You think doing a calculation from a public data set is fear mongering? Gimme a break. Go fight some real crime, would you?
Jags fans, if you could put any former Jaguar player (in their prime) on the Jags current roster, who would it be? #Duuuval #Jaguars. @USER Winston Guy Jr. At Strong Safety. Lol ?
True. Back in 1993 or the IM run from 2004-2007, the bombings felt unfair because neither governments nor society supported babri. Babri was carried out by what was seen as a fringe extremist group, but everybody in society paid the price. I have no problem calling those bombings terrorism.
But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism. Government, judiciary, media, police, bulk of hindu society itself - are arrayed against them. If they are forced into a fight they didn't want in the first place, it's not terrorism but resistance. Bhagat Singh might have thrown bombs, but he was not a terrorist - he was a resistance fighter. >But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism
Am sorry say this here(might even get banned), but these are early sings of getting radicalized, please seek help asap.
I literally passed a cafe an hour ago with himself sat in the window with other people and he looked stressed to fuck. I'm sure he's not worried about his staff members who he laid off. Click farms are nonsensical. If any account or post has a high number of likes or followers I'm always wondering how many actual real people liked it or followed it and how many bots did the same.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER Scary times John.
>I feel like we are potentially creating ~~clusters~~ a romantic comedy. He was returning from work in China. 
She was returning from a family trip to Iran. 
They were isolated together due to the deadly contagion. 
But the only thing they didn't expect to catch was...love.
Coming this Autumn 'COVID-19'.
Probably listens to ur conversation lmao. I mean say what you want about Apple, there’s plenty to say, but Apple takes security pretty seriously.
Jokes & fun aside, keep a watch on bhakts and similar hate spreading accounts. If they go down sharply, then this is a whistle before crackdown on social media. If I can read his methods and track records, this is what he does  before any kind of drastic measures. A few days before his Kashmir 'masterstroke,' bhakts in my family were getting forwards asking if Kashmiris should be allowed to live on the government's dime.
Didn’t know we had mountains named after rashers! Other way round bud.
@USER Thank you, Nick! @USER It's a beauty PJ - you should be so proud :) ♡.
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER Consider me gone….
@USER Good morning ??‍♀️?☕️. @USER Happy Thursday Sharon. Have a fabulous day.??❤.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER FIR without investigation....... @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Complaint has given written application for lodging an  FIR.
Good that we are detecting them at least. That's better than not detecting them.
This   "east of ireland" thing is bullshit though. Now I have to go off to   twitter to find out where this is. It would be much better to just issue   a postcode or general area. I don't even need to know more than that   right now, but "east of ireland" is bullshit. And Holohan has the  arrogance to say hse.ie  is a "one stop shop" and "Social media is NOT a place to go for  information to go to figure out how to deal with this virus"? The idiot  is forcing me to go to social media because he won't tell us the general  area this person has been living and working in the last few days.
 URL 
Edit:  I see  Dr Tony Holohan said we have tested 397 people so far.  That's a  pretty good increase since 2 days ago when I think it was 90.  To me  that's helps raise my confidence in the hse a bit.
 URL 
Edit  2: Then Holohan goes and says " he does NOT believe it likely that  there are more cases than the two currently known in the Republic of  Ireland". That takes away from my confidence in the HSE. Why is he  allowing himself to make guesses? He should stick to providing hard  accurate information. Let the politicians handle the positivity.
 URL 
Edit 3: look at the level of detail they have about the outbreak in Singapore. This comes from their health authority giving accurate, precise information to their people.
 URL. Where is it?
Do men still cook &amp;wash the dishes???? @USER Mine does, thank goodness ?.
Wow my name is Sapphire and I didn't really even know they came in green...
This is embarassing. Nice try u/byepolerbare. We can all see your name above your comment.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I do not believe that an obvious and fairly openly committed conspiracy happened to coincide with Epstein also deciding to take his own life.
@USER Hi, we don't want you to have such unpleasant experience with us. We will connect with you at the earliest. @USER I'm still waiting guys.
Hey I hope you get better soon anyway. Thanks.
What a twat. How so.
Fuck yeah. Means I don’t have to ration my toilet paper anymore whenever I have a pull. Yikes!!!
How many years ago was 1951. Yeah that would be NICE to know.
@USER Thank u? @USER Most welcome ??
RTÉ is good for the basic news, Irish Times is good for analysis, Journal.ie is a a cesspit. The school in Dublin got leaked on thejournal, cesspit is an understatment, you cant post an article to r/news it is such tripe.
Try posting in /r/helpmefind. Done with embaressing typo.
Name something you learned in school that you’ve never used in your adult life…. @USER How to disect a frog ?
@USER I just said this. Off mic dude be moving kinda funny but he out rapping everybody who's hating on him. @USER  @USER Can’t hate a man that gets jumped by 20 heads and still doesn’t get dropped or his shit snatched. 

Dudes not catching any Ls really. He really going against the grain and making it work.
469+1th comment. silver phek ke maru?
According to a book written by Patrick Radden Keefe, the prisoners were ready to accept a deal of some kind but Gerry Adams blocked the proposal as he thought there was too much ground to be made with the resulting propaganda. I cant see that being true but if it were then things should have been a lot different for the men that died. I hard that Maggy was secretly prepared to gice in on some things but the propaganda value was too strong for the IRA. Was that author the one who said there were threats to some of the hunger strikers families if they came off, or was that someone else?
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I continue coaching to try and give the players I work with the most enjoyable experience, I possibly can. Help them grow into decent human beings, and for a minority, professional athletes.
People are acting like an unstoppable force of gastro is sweeping the planet. The shit apocalypse. Apoocalypse.
@USER I’ve already got one Diggs, a second one would be pretty amazing. @USER  @USER It'd be fun. But you telling me you wouldn't want two all star pass rushers on the edges?
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER But its a Tory government now and has been for 12 years.. no need to imagine it happening now under them.
I’m feeling pretty down today ?? @USER Are you ok.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER How awesome!
10 minutes!? You might want to consider not boiling a full kettle. Quicker and better for your pocket (and the planet). it batters my haddock whenever my parents come to visit and I go to boil the kettle to find there's 6 litres of water in there and all they did was have a cup of tea each.
Coronavirus: Come for the Lung Disease, stay for a good case of fucking diarrhea. I just flushed my toilet.
Its a "Caroma" cistern. Clean flush it states.!
Hitler. Oh wait. Y hide score?
@USER Gm bro ☀️. @USER Gm bro.
Aye have them drink whiskey instead ? Have them neck it.
What van would be acceptable for you? 
WE know what a Union flag is you patronising twat. Triggered much?
"Once a crim always a crim" 
Unless you're good at footy. Ben Cousins wants a word.
Mostly because the media paints it out to be worse than it is. The flu kills more yearly than corona. News services in particular are the worst for this. They want little more than views. The flu kills more people yearly than falling in to active volcanoes. 
This doesn't make the flu more dangerous than active volcanoes.
The only way this works is that you apply one kilo of dung, and one litre of urine, of cow, per person. Works better if the cow is red in colour. White cow is the weakest, black is a little better, red works best.
This has to be layered, so the first day, you apply. And wait for it to dry. The next day, DO NOT WASH OFF. Apply the new stuff over the old stuff as a layer.
You have to do this until the summer comes. ~~Or Shivraathri [Feb 20/21, 2020].~~ This process needs to be continued right through summer into the rainy season, and you have to wash it off in the first rain.
And you have to go about your business. Sitting at home aggravates the symptoms. Seems legit. 10/10 would recommend.
Can I ask and I apologise as it's a bit deep for a Saturday eve, but does humour help with your mental health, it has helped me over the past few years thats why I ask.... @USER I think so. And conversation.
Yellow? If your pastry is green, I'd send it back.
@USER Everything, there is no god. Stop beleving in nonsens. @USER Believing.
It's so important to post your content to other platforms for growth. You're not going to grow by just streaming constantly and not branching out. @USER ? % FACTS!!!!
I am just going to fap as many times as I can and then go to sleeeeeep. Yeh superpower mujhe bhi chahiye.
Is it only ireland that landlords are supposed to fully furnish their rental properties? Other countries you get an empty apartment except for a fridge and cooker. It's not necessary but an option.
haha my mum makes them like that too. But since there's only 3 of us there's usually twice as much yorkshire pudding then there is beef. That really was the idea of a Yorkshire pud. Fill you up because you couldn't afford much meat.
It's not illegal in the end though is it? Lnp voters won't know or simply won't care. They only care about protecting their negative gearing. Every lnp voter i know tells me that's why they vote for them. 
Nothing, not even their children's future outside of this property bubble matter. Lnp could shoot poor ppl in televised safaris and i bet if the opposition promised a 50% cut in property they would stay with lnp. Actually, I suspect due to it being changed during caretaker period, and then signed as an earlier date, it quite probably isn't. Like that changes anything at this point though.
Find it awful grandiose that we've just renamed Dublin to East Ireland without consulting anyone, but fair enough. They have special maps of Ireland in Dublin. Everything beyond the M50 is just marked, "Here Be Dragons.".
@USER Wow. Nainital - Bhowali road? @USER Na, Mukteshwar road.
These days, I have the privilege of interacting almost daily with Ukrainians — senior government officials,  journalists, diplomats, NGO leaders, soldiers, business leaders, academics, students. &amp; every time I do, my awe for their spirit, intelligence, bravery &amp; convictions grows. @USER Are you a warmonger?
Honestly, all celebrities. There are some who are truly educated about a topic and do a good job of spreading awareness. 
But those ones are vastly outnumbered by celebrities espousing politics and life tips as though they live in the same world as us— when the simple fact is: they don’t. I love Chrissy Tiegen, and she did an awesome Twitter Q&A about parts of her (and John Legend’s) life. It was super interesting, but really drives home how different celebrities live than regular people. 
Basically, do your own research. If someone says something you find interesting, look into it on your own and see what you can find. I agree. A lot of them are dumber than bricks. Others are 100% fake. You do have a few good ones, though, but they are far and few between.
@USER Dear Sir/Madam,
Please provide your USC No. &amp; contact No. So we can forward this issue to concerned engineer. @USER 100668310      8121177040 / 9000844199.
there are 120 acres of land in front of my house and ive been told i can do whatever i want when its mine, but no forestry, funny considering the farm made no money last year. My mum told me that the farm made a profit one year. Just one. Dad immediately went and bought more cattle and was back to the usual loss the next year.
Free bog rolls. We recently moved offices. Our old place had some lovely triple velvet but the new place has the cheapest, most flimsy paper I've ever used. Now I only ~~pinch~~ am given it in emergencies.
The ridiculous thing is if they are the flat tie on kind they don't protect the wearer so they are useless for people to steal. Hospital tie-on face masks are designed to stop medical professionals infecting their patient [edit.. and protect the wearer from blood/fluid sprays]. Only the form-fitting P2/N95 rated type protects the wearer [from inhaling particles/viruses].
Edit: source: I have spent many years doing filter/respirator R&D. Some of my papers are cited by 3M (a leading respirator and surgical mask manufacturer) in their technical manuals. It would seem the right mask to have personal reserves of ought protect in both directions. That is, protecting: the wearer; and others from the wearer.
So for example, if you have a form-fitting disposable P2/N95 mask with a valve this is not going to protect others from your exhalations (although, from personal experience, I've found valves great for bushfire smoke purposes).
It looks like, for example, the valveless  URL  fits the bill. Noting the explicit 3M™ Cupped Particulate Respirator 8210, P2
> 8210 can also be used in certain applications against some bio-aerosols. such as, influenza virus
Happy to have your expertise bear on any of that.
Getting your DNA sequenced in the USA by a random by mail corporation just to find out if you’re “exotic” in any way is stupid. Fellow people, stop it! The government can get a hold of it and best case, record your DNA for no reason. Worst case...use it for future eugenics endeavors? Figure out if you’re “too sick” to have health insurance?
Edit: took out “white people” because Reddit was too fragile for my 4% Cherokee joke. I just don’t trust it. They know where we are and what we search, who we talk to at all times.  I’d rather them not having access to my biological matter too!
ଅର୍ଚନା ନାଗ ସର୍ବଦଳୀୟ ବୁଦ୍ଧିମତୀ ମହିଳା ଟିଏ ଥିଲେ
ବିଜେଡି,ବିଜେପି, କଂଗ୍ରେସ ସବୁ ଦଳର ନେତାଙ୍କ ସହ ସମ୍ପର୍କ ସ୍ଥାପନ କରି ରଖିଥିଲେ
ଯାହା ଫଳରେ ଏତେ ବଡ଼ ଘଟଣା ଉପରେ ଏବେ କେହି କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ  ଆନ୍ଦୋଳନ କରିବେନି
ସମସ୍ତଙ୍କର ତ ଏଠି କେଂ,କିଏ କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ କହିବ....?? @USER Jaha kahile ddy …
Ebe women reservations uthijiba darkar.
@USER The whole ‘right to exist’ is a religious zealous mantra seeking to shut down contrary views. RTE Is new post pandemic trans version of Godwin’s Law

I wanna know where these activists were when other minorities faced real violence/verbal abuse threats &amp; their right to exist? ? @USER  @USER MIA Sajeela .
My tweets aren't very wholesome at the moment and for that I apologise. @USER No need to apologise.
Most likely not. Both were born in Brisbane, and although they may be entitled to US citizenship through their mother, this does not mean they're necessarily eligible to become President.
There's a constitutional requirement that the US President must be a "natural-born citizen". This has generally been interpreted as "born on US soil". Though it is open to interpretation, I would find it unlikely that the Irwin kin would ever be considered "natural-born citizens". As the children of a US citizen, they are automatically citizens at birth (unlike Australia where you need to apply for citizenship by decent).  As far as I'm aware this makes the eligible.  It's only those who immigrate and are granted citizenship later that are disqualified by that rule.
Imagine sticking a tooth pick underneath your big toenail and then kicking a wall
Or imagine getting paper cuts in the webbing of all fingers. No. Imagine.... baby shark doo doo doodoo.
Q4. What is the refresh rate of the #GalaxyZFlip3 display?
A. 60Hz
B. 90Hz
C. 80Hz
D. 120Hz
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q4) D. 120Hz ?

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
@USER  @USER  @USER Classic Shan W ? @USER  @USER  @USER Haha  wanted to  “practise what I preach” 

Having spent close to 3 hours advocating people to support aus based projects, would be a shame not to show some support especially when I like the art ❤️ 

On a side note, hoping to fly down to brissy for the event :).
@USER I'm quite excited for that West Lancashire by-election if Truss really does go all in on fracking. We may see a negative score in an election for the first time ever. @USER  @USER The Nimby paradox. Housing no. Energy no. Airports no. Anything no?
>I feel like we are potentially creating ~~clusters~~ a romantic comedy. He was returning from work in China. 
She was returning from a family trip to Iran. 
They were isolated together due to the deadly contagion. 
But the only thing they didn't expect to catch was...love.
Coming this Autumn 'COVID-19'.
@USER Happy birthday. @USER Thanks love! ?
I don't want to alarm anyone but the coronavirus will soon spread in an irreversible way. The first means of contamination are bank notes, don't touch them.
Wear gloves and place all notes in a sealed envelope and leave them by your front door, message your address.
Tomorrow morning I'll come by for collection and elimination, I'm doing this for the good of public health! Don't thank me... U r too dangerous to be left free...
Jose is genuinely the best counter in this team, and by quite a distance as well. @USER Shocking tactics by them Dan.
@USER I see nothing but love in this photo. @USER ?
Does anyone else get a cold nose when the temperature drops? I always feel like I need a nose sock kinda thing ? @USER My nose runs . Yes. I guess it does get cold !
@USER Happy Birthday!! @USER Appreciate it!!!
Are there any Indian colleges/unis (apart from IIT/IISc/NIT), who, despite the outdated curriculum, are going all out and making sincere efforts in making sure the students are learning the latest developments in their chosen fields? Not sure if this is what you wanted to know but the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India is decent in this regard. Of course it isn't perfect and has lots of flaws but still the course itself is pretty decent.
Combine that with the fact that we have to undergo 3 years of compulsory Articleship (internship) under a qualified CA makes the course more practical oriented. We work in actual CA firms doing most of the work for the CAs. It's a pretty decent model.
@USER I mean they wanted to build a hotel above the Cobblestone, where The Bernard Shaw was, and above Merchants Arch and all were met with massive opposition and ultimately failed. The problem with Dublin is there aren’t enough hotels because fucking idiots keep protesting them. @USER  @USER You in a ket hole lad?
Hugo Boss got rich off using Jewish slaves to make Nazi uniforms. Fuck them. No he didn't, he got famous through comedy.
Can Lecroix pick up a second yellow before FT? @USER Leave him on liability ?
Jar Jar Binks was supposed to be a Sith Lord and the big bad of the Star Wars prequels, but George Lucas screwed up the directing and then chickened out after seeing the public reception of the character.
See also r/darthjarjar. Oh the possibilities. I loved jar jar.
@USER Convince a patient with “weakness” not to get intravenous fluids with pink or yellow extra energy supplement injection ?‍??‍? @USER  @USER Convincing  elderly patients to go for oral analgesics rather than injectables at rural health centers.
The way it's taught, you're not handed novels in French and just told, translate that and then explain the themes and nuanced readings in the language you're still not fluent in...
I still have better French than Irish after 21 years being out of school. It's just a shame imo. I would really like to be able to speak our language properly but I have an Irish oral for the LC soon and it is actually embarrassing that I'm still struggling to hold a general conversation after 13 years of learning it.
@USER Thank you, Nick! @USER It's a beauty PJ - you should be so proud :) ♡.
@USER whaaaaa i want it! @USER When I was a kid they were at least twice as long as this ?

They are still delicious though.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ✋.
Frankly speaking, I had totally forgotten about the RUSSIA-UKRAINE war .....

#NoToNukes. @USER As lot of happening in India itself Sir ????
Seems like I'm the only one getting the joke that "muck" is pig in Irish so he didn't see any at the port. Thank you sir, the island in the picture is also called portmuck and there were sheep on it. I can only see that as a satirical rip at pigs.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER My Russian friends living outside of Russia are all speaking to each other, worried and afraid for what comes next. They believe Putin will react fast in Ukraine as well against those who protest. This is not good. What will the West's response be?
Racism in action.
Everyone should be treated equally. The colour of someone's skin shouldn't be relevant in court. Ethnicity should not matter. You don't get to destroy another groups culture and living for dozens of decades then say "It's time to stand equal!".
Queen or Prince? @USER Prince edged out Freddie.
The lack of communist women in this thread is apparent. Kaha gyi woh? She promised articles on healthcare and her lesbian sex story u/Meraxes373.
Spruce trees do fuck all to soak up carbon. That's why their claim that they had planted hundreds of thousands of trees for the environment was bullshit.... it's just for logging. 
Native trees suck it in like a chain smoker. We need more of those. Tonnes of carbon stored per hectare per annum averaged over the rotation cycle of a forest (higher is better) -

Sitka spruce: 3.6
Other conifers: 3.0
Oak/beech: 1.8
Other broadleaves: 2.4

Spruce is significantly better at sequestering carbon than our native species.  Having said that, I'd agree that spruce are horrible in most other ways and I'd love to see forests here planted with native trees.  If we planted more native trees we could make up for the fact that they sequester less carbon, and have some fantastic big forests.
At least you’re not upstairs on a double decker stuck on the Redheugh bridge. That’s the stuff of nightmares. As someone who has had to drive deckers across multiple times, I assure you, the driver seat is worse especially when you get a slight side wind, almost needed to change on the other side.
@USER Look it’s not as bad as the year I caught  @USER making live edits at his booth and running in engine. @USER  @USER  @USER Look we've all been there
By which I mean I think I was there when that happened ?
The play out music is ??? @USER Good morning beautiful.
Being silent on Delhi genocide.


Granting permission to file case against KK.


Didn't provided any relief funds to affected people and area (Centre, Delhi Govt Yet to Provide Relief to Riot-Affected People: Fact-Finding Report).


You know what worse? We have AAP bhakts who are defending Kejriwal with their flimsy excuses, as if BJP bhakts weren't enough. I don't understand how people say he has been silent when many of AAP MLAs including Kejriwal have made many speeches and statements about the riots. 
As for the relief efforts, seems like they have been slow. But they are continuing to do the work.
@USER Maybe she’s a free spirit like her mom-Good Luck and keep us posted ??? @USER Thanks Jim… my free spirit has been tamed over time but not tide!
Do join  @USER and me on  @USER at 9 am. On all matters EU and of course Northern Ireland. 

And to all remainers who feared so chlorinated chicken but now want a deal with the US: Northern Ireland’s place in the UK trumps your new found sensibilities. @USER  @USER  @USER Good news for the Protocol

- Divergence from EU standards to facilitate USA deal no longer required. Will soften impact of sea border. 
- UK now being able to provide live data will reduce lorry checks to 1 or 2 a day. 
- NI Protocol Bill therefore no longer required.
What's going on is probably you look like a scruffy motherfucker.
Wait, I checked your post history:
>Charged with Dangerous Drugs Possession
Well there we go then. Bullshit charge or not you're on a list boyo. You're probably on the money.
9/11, no matter what you say or think, that was absolutely, 100% guaranteed... An inside, controlled demolition based, Governmental job. Think of the amount of people and coordination it would take to pull off something of that magnitude. Meetings, planning, logistics, coordinating travel, allocating resources, phone calls, emails and all those people totally cool commuting the worst terrorist attack in US history. Nothing of substance gets leaked, no one had a change of heart?
Attendance &gt;&gt;&gt; Career  ?

Just got into a quarrel with my mom!? @USER me everytime with dad?
It's sad that she has to get out ahead of this because of scumbag tabloids. Her personal life should be off limits. Ugh. What are the tabloids saying?
@USER Morning kirsty how are you this morning am ok.enjoy your day. @USER Morning Ian. I’m great thanks hope you are too. Have the best day. Happy Wednesday ?
Yes, the Japanese government really fucked that up. Locking everyone on the ship meant far more people caught it. Sure, it ended up being the wrong decision. 
I work in operations and logistics, and I’m involved with accommodation and people living in close quarters. 
Keeping people on the ship was really the only decision that could’ve been made at the time. There would’ve been no scenario in which the government or any other organisation would’ve recommended removing everyone from the ship and placing them quarantine somewhere else. 
It looks bad in hindsight, but the key priority would’ve been to minimise the spread of the virus among the greater population of Japan and Asia, not among the cruise ship passengers themselves. I know that sounds a bit morbid, but it’s accurate and they did mostly contain the virus to the ship itself. 
People also underestimate how hard it would have been to find any other accommodation or grounds that would’ve been a better choice. You’re talking about finding an isolated place, with thousands of individual rooms, already empty, ready to receive, feed, and treat thousands of people - all within a small enough distance from the ship as to not risk the public. It’s almost impossible at short notice.
Dinner at Pluckett’s Tonight!  @USER 

Meet us in hotel lobby in 30 minutes to walk over at 6:45p (Distance 0.6 miles, 12 minute walk). @USER  @USER I hatched a Pokémon egg on that walk.
I once saw a documentary called the Iran Job. It followed a basketballs players journey and at the same time observing the social situation. A question was asked to a young lady on why she shouldn't leave Iran for a country say US. She said something like this..
"if I go abroad , I get freedom. But this freedom doesn't belong to me and I didn't try to get it. I want to be here and change the situation". Going by the state of Iran right now, he didn't change the situation.
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious. @USER Yes. Doing that seems often ostracises others. It’s better to confine and limit your vocabulary so that all and sundry can understand. Communication needs to be short and succinct. Longer sentences do not necessarily convey the same meaning and can cause confusion.
You know, I thought about this for a couple minutes, and I really don't have one. Man that's sad... Well what’s your not so secret kink?
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Great  spiritual knowledge. 
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
Whats your favourite  Queen song ? @USER Breakthru, Innuendo and Keep Passing the Open Windows.
In the UK ?? there is no more track and trace, no more masks, mandatory vaccines for jobs, no restrictions. So, no emergency. So why is a "vaccine", that is only licensed for emergency use, still being pushed!? Isn't it illegal to do that? ? @USER I can't believe people are still moaning about vaccines. If u don't want one.. don't get one.. but please.. spare us the complaining.
Possibly illegal. A merchant cannot just take money without a legal reason. 
I'd suspect the courts might take a dim view if the person whose bank account was raided took action. I'd think their bank would have something to say about their merchant facility too.
Don't drink a lot of alcohol, don't smoke, lose weight, play the didgeridoo, sleep on your side or stomach. Rolf?
વડોદરાના સલાટવાડા વિસ્તારમાં રખડતા ઢોરે ગર્ભવતી મહિલાને અડફેટે લેતા ગર્ભમાં રહેલા બાળકનું મૃત્યુ, મનપાએ ઢોર માલિક સમજતા નથી એમ કહીને હાથ ઉંચા કર્યા

#Vadodara. @USER Chotila hiway par pan che jo daya aave to tya pan koye javu.
Richard Arnold to fans: "We're doing everything  we can to get Frenkie De Jong and I'm telling you the money is there for him." [@MufcWonItAll]. @USER  @USER and how's this now going to affect the negotiation with Barca? We will hstvhave to pay up instead of negotiate now?
We used to throw quite a few parties at my old uni place. People would just pass out where and as they pleased.
Woke up to one of our mates standing in our living room, obviously sleep walking - he was pissing directly onto our sofa. We shouted at him, no response. So my housemate punched him, which woke him and stopped him pissing.
We explained to him what he was doing, he apologised, went back to sleep and got up in the morning to clean the piss off my sofa. Fortunately it was a leather sofa, but it was still a bit pissy so we just made people we didn't like sit on it. That classic smirk everyone gave each other when someone was made to sit on the pissy sofa xD.
@USER Ok I will buy for u eventually. @USER  @USER i bought a black crewneck like a few days ago W.
Hey patriots can you please retweet and help me get to 4k followers.  I follow all back that follow me.
?? ?? Love all you Patriots
Bless you!!! ???  ?? @USER Followed.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 50.
@USER burberry, Tommy Hilfiger : nice

852 squadron ?

all in, a great effort, but without stone island on the left bicep, the maximum score available is 6/10. @USER Can’t believe you wasted that much of your life to type that.
Cheating on your barber is much worse. They know you’ve done the dirty. Tell me bout it, I cheated on my barber two days ago, purely because I was just off nightshift an happened to be close to a different barber, Result? Shit haircut an two quid more, that'll teach me!
This is really sad. These guys are effectively neutral and independent and provide primary news to most other media organisations. That’s why the real people who control this country deemed they had to go.
@USER ?Good Morning!!✌️. @USER Have a great day!?
@USER Congratulations ??? @AshwiniMS_TNIE. @USER  @USER ಶುಭಾಶಯ.
@USER  @USER I've seen jazz described as "appropriating black culture"... Where does influence end and "appropriation" begin? Not a trivial question. @USER  @USER  @USER “Can white guys play the Blues?”, and other assorted clichés?
So our slouching Business Sec  @USER evades Parliament &amp; finally makes critical major announcement re urgent #energycrisis support for businesses via video &amp; press release. Blatant avoidance of scrutiny exposes his false posing as one who respects tradition &amp; Parliament. @USER  @USER  @USER And what can  @USER do? Nothing!
What an evil little tool. In the article they said his lawyer is claiming his behaviour wasn't entirely his fault because of his autism...I'm autistic and cannot stand that kind of language, he decided to rape and murder her because he wanted to, that's all there is to it. > I'm autistic and cannot stand that kind of language, he decided to rape and murder her because he wanted to, that's all there is to it.
I totally agree with you.
@USER Tey winning against a real baseball club. K thanks maybe like Astros? Oh wait.. lol. @USER  @USER Redsox fan,Your team is in last place and the Yankees are in first. GFYS !
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Yesterday's Republic tv debate was about why PM is leaving Twitter.... They came up with the fact that twitter is spreading fake news(they gave examples too) and therefore namo is trying to tackle it (and ofcourse they support him) ... Now i wanna know whether they are going to say that Namo isn't doing anything against fake news.
I hate that Coillte is run as a profit centre, there's no reason for it. Maybe at the founding of the state when we were penniless, but there's no excuse these days. They should be looking after and promoting our native or re-planted forests, not planting foreign species that ruin the soil in the name of money.
My grandfather planted a wood that is enjoyed by people today, I'm glad the soil isn't good enough for Sitka spruce and so it's almost all native trees, but this is the rare exception. Coillte is kind of a pointless organizational to be honest. They aren't even really run as a money making organizational because they can't apply for grants in regards to the planting of commercial forests anymore after the EU smacked the Government down for doing it. Everyone else can though so they can't compete on price.
It’s the law that since ancient times when a woman becomes a grandmother for the first time, she instantly acquires one of those ceramic hens sat on a nest for the purpose of storing eggs. I keep batteries in ours.... Its our battery hen.
Nothing helps a national response better than further defunding the apparatus of state. /s
Up the dole and other welfare payments if you want to do anything reactive. They’re people who will be most impacted by economic issues (including people who may find themselves on it if this turns to a recessions) and by nature of necessity will be spent to circulate in the economy. > Up the dole and other welfare payments if you want to do anything reactive.
Ha, funny joke.
This government will never do that sort of thing, it'll bring forward trillions of dollars in tax cuts to the wealthy before adjusting support payments in a positive direction.
I'm sure the government is aware that giving money to the 'lower class' will put money back into the economy and especially the retail sector but it'll never happen unless something huge happens to reshape internal LNP policies.
I expect to see more 'corporate socialism/welfare' before we get any sort of change that helps the 'little person'.
I wish we used the metric system like almost every other country in the world. Finally, the response I've been waiting for.
will any leader take responsibility in delhi? is there nobody left to depend on? 1.3 billion me se ek bhi leader with balls of steel nhi hai sab bhagwan bharose. Arvind Kejriwal is responsible for the compensation and rehabilitation of the riot affected victims.
Get Shane Meahan on the pitch #clare. @USER There you go.
@USER Labour is finished thanks too Keith and his mates ??????? @USER Who’s Keith?
Someone I work with was giddy with excitement, planning their April long weekend holiday, getting ready to take the Friday off as well. I broke it to them that we’re not getting the Monday off. It was a small joy seeing that smug arsehole’s plans decimate in a matter of moments. "Look at this arsehole, so excited to take time off work and enjoy something out of life over these few days, can't wait to fuck him up by letting him know we're stuck at work...despite the assumed public holiday we always got." He might be an arse, but now you're both stuck at work together, you could have been out of each others faces for a Monday.
Because they look so cute when they waddle in their tuxedos. That’s fair.
Q9. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 front camera?
A. 10MP
B. 5MP
C. 8MP
D. 12MP
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q9) A. 10MP ?

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
Resulting riots in carlow have caused literally dozens of euros in damage. It will take Michael weeks of dole payments to replace the broken window on his 2004 Toyota.
@USER I really don't know...I mean I can't say anything about anyone is true until I meet him or her. People are way different in reality. So no conclusions ? @USER There is definitely truth in what you say.
the hans zimmerfication of film music has done unimaginable damage. @USER The worst part are the Kontakt libraries created to sound "exactly" like HZ ?‍♂️.
Should I start playing League??? @USER Are you ok? Do you need help?
I wonder these people go to pharmacy or gau sala. Probably to the USA ..best hospital there .
@USER  @USER The unfortunate thing about me is I don’t care I care today but every other day I don’t give a fuck. @USER  @USER We love you Steven ?
I saw the exact same thing in a Greggs in Manchester Victoria. Weird! I'm down south mate so that wasn't it, weird!
Greening Australia do a lot of good work. Thanks for pointing me that way!
Will check them out too.
@USER  @USER Good morning Ms Lee ??☮️? @USER  @USER Happy Thursday ❤.
Why do we only rest in peace?
 why don't we live in peace too ?
? @USER Good ?
Just arrived in T 1 Dublin Airport last night. Gosh it is an absolute disgrace. Toilets manky. Toilet paper all over the place. The arrivals hall full of litter. Luggage hanging around all over the place. Absolutely so management evident at all. I’m thinking about our tourists…. @USER Irish tourism sector  @USER  @USER  @USER need to advocate for management changes  @USER it's a disgrace ppl not fools plenty of travel options to Belfast and Derry very busy ? #Belfast #DerryGirls #GameofThrones #Titanic ✈.
@USER I think it’s a brilliant idea, puts candidates at ease allowing best attributes to shine through. Interviews currently don’t assess the suitability for a job, they simply assess how good you are at interviews. @USER Understand worries about preparing false narratives, but this could be identified with gentle probing on the day. If not supported by a foundation of truth, it should be easy to spot. Those that could blag their way through would be able to no matter what.
Nobody wants to hang out with me and I understand. I would hang out with you.
Hii

Good morning ❤️? @USER Mere pss masg karo..!
@USER I suffered them years ago, was given an injection of some sort...possibly a steroid (sorry useless info, but it was like 20 years ago ?) They should be able to give you something, they're a balls and exhausting ?‍? @USER Had that and was actually great, but they have come back for a visit. No craic at all.
On another sign, he is driving the car... On another sign, he's in a cart being pulled by a horse.
An Ainsley Chariot.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER We are forwarding your complaint to the concerned department for necessary action. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Sir, no action has been taken to date. Please take urgent action in the matter.
@USER Been having them for weeks now, thought it was stress or weather related. Any good remedies? @USER I haven’t found anything yet unfortunately. Just hustle through it.
Let the events of the last two weeks banish any suggestion that Scotland isn't a vital and integral part of the United Kingdom. @USER How sad that you feel you need to politicise the death of the Queen Is nothing below you and your party ?
wwhat's the pattern called at Myer?
Edit: it's Wild Fur You Australiana version lol. Go to lalalandahop.com.au I just looked at the bottom of the cup lol.
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q3) C. 12MP ?

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
Until relatively recently I think that was a laundry in Ballsbridge I believe, name changed slightly around the war I think. You can still see one of the old red brick chimneys if you walk along the doddery from Ballsbridge towards Lansdowne Road on the left in the middle of a load of newer buildings (its a protected structure). Along the doddery! Love it.
URL. Oh. It’s not about the harness. They’re just selling the t shirt. Thought it was odd.
Will they go up again? URL  watch this it will help.
@USER Good morning!! Have a wonderful day ?? @USER Thank you Nati! You too!??
@USER Turtuk village near nubra valley, leh ladakh. 

A very small virgin land.

Average lifespan above 90? @USER Oh I love Turtuk! Been there the last time I went to Ladakh. Thanks ✨.
@USER That's Fabulous Friday news! @USER Thanks my friend.
My sink was blocked yesterday and the plunger didn't seem to be making much headway, so I went to the supermarket and got one of those cleaning liquidy things to do the job. Leave it overnight and the jobs a good'un. So I wake up this morning and it appears to have not done a thing. 
Now I've got corrosive liquid sitting in the pipes running out of my sink that I can't wash away. Great minds of /r/CasualUK/, what do? Poke it down with a rod? Wear protection and take off the u-bend and drain it into a bucket?
@USER What do you do when your dick is angry? @USER Beat it into submission…..
@USER Yet they want to trash Mets fans? @USER  @USER Mets are golfing zip it ! The real baseball team fans are talking here !
@USER What a couple in films and what a cuple it would be in real life if married. @USER  @USER Nonsense.
Amitabh married Jaya out of his own volition on 3rd June 1973.
Do Anjane was released in 1976.
If only Rekha had some scruples...
It turns out the community turned it into a rainbow fest as a result
 URL. It did!  I live here and can say that more people were for allowing her (and the Pride center) to march than against it. Entire marching bands left when told to take off their LGBT support stickers.  All the bars and businesses along the parade route had rainbow balloons and support signs.  So did the spectators. It was awesome. Change is slow, but its happening here.   I was very proud of Staten Island on Sunday.  They really pulled together as a community.
If you're in a city with time to kill, what's the first thing you do? @USER Walking tour. Ideally a food tour, if there's time.
Might I suggest a mass boycott of #Insiders this Sunday? @USER You're a bit late I started when Barry Cassidy was still hosting.
#DWTS is back airing on Disney+ and I see via Twitter the same negative “fans” are going strong. You didn’t have to subscribe! @USER Right? Between the “I refuse to subscribe” and “I subscribed but I hate it” people you have to wonder about their sanity.
@USER Stunning ?
Gm gm 
Have a pleasant amazing day. @USER Gm gm. Good day?
Bisexual. Not gay. There is a difference. Don't be part of the bisexual erasure. Thanks. Erasure?
We have a guy who lives underneath us who is an asshole with his taxi. He leaves it running at all hours of the day whilst sitting in it, leaves it on the grassy verge which has now turned it into a mud pit, parks it terribly thus blocking half the road and has also blocked my partner's car in before. He also has a hobby of leaving his incredibly vocal dog sitting in the car whilst he does chores in his garden at all hours (the earliest we've had is 6:30, on that occasion we told him to shut up).
Recently someone smashed his window, not a clue who it is and in all honesty don't particularly care bar the fact that he now thinks it's someone in the local area who has a Vendetta against him and it is massively working in our favour. He asked why someone might've done it and we've just rattled off all our grievances with him.
Since then he's been far better and I'm kinda glad it happened? Although I'm also sure he blames us even though we weren't in the city that night. The power and lack of legal responsibility is really enjoyable. So you're saying to smash his window in. Got it. Brb, finding a brick and a trebuchet ready for the morning. Haha.
What I found was that Melbourne got as hot as Sydney but it takes longer. E.g. Sydney will be muggy and 35 by 9 am but Melbourne will take until 2 to get there. Still 35 in the end but the day on average was cooler. I’ve actually noticed that too, comparing Brisbane and Melbourne though as my sister in law was down there. If it’s gonna be a hot day in Brisbane, you can tell as soon as you wake up. 
Melbourne also seems to have greater range in the maximums for the weekly forecast. If we have a minor heatwave, you’ll see a few days increasing, a few days super hot then back down. Melbourne seems to sometimes up and down really fast, I saw one day that was going to be like 35 and the next was only getting up to 26.
@USER Good morning brother.
Get it started and let it be a fantastic day. @USER Good morning, and today will be a positive experience ?
Just in : Dia Mirza has requested Putin to use pollution free missiles to strike on Ukraine. @USER She may ask him to fire harmless bullets also.
Parents of children aged 3-8, is everything in your house broken? @USER Yes, replaced then broken again ?
@USER I zoomed in on book titles first, I'm such a nerd :). @USER We hope we passed….? ?
What fear mongering? Media has been pretty tame in their reports on the virus. If the coverage of the coronavirus was like an unidentified snake in your backyard, most of the Australian reporting runs like this:
>"Phwooaah! Look at the snake! It's brown. Like an Eastern Brown, one of the deadliest snakes in the world! Look at it! Ooh! It's coming closer! I heard there was one that bit the dog next door yesterday, and it DIED!!! Ooh, it's coming closer to us now! Oh, I've never seen such a vicious snake! Oh, it's moving towards the dog now. Phwooaah!"
Instead of giving more sane and practical advice (like instructions on what to do when you feel I'll, looking out for your elderly relatives and neighbours, having a plan when you get sick, the importance of washing hands/not touching your face, etc).
African Greys are supposed to be really smart and friendly. And how much are we looking at for one of these.
Wrong step.. Hear me out..
The stupid priest want to create a connection between the cooking and the periods. Periods are OK. Cooking is ok. The portrayal of connection is bad. By organising this, they associated food with periods thereby highlighting the connection. Its the same as we have shit in our stomach too all time and we eat food from mouth. But we never choose to notice this fact bcoz this connection is not that good to think on. The stupid priest won in a way. No priest would tell you to not cook food because you shat that day.
It sometimes scares me to think how close Ireland came to being a communist state. How...how close do you think we were?
The closest Ireland has come to communism was the election of FF in 1932, or at least, so Cumann Na nGaedheal claimed.
I was in A&amp;E yesterday. I cant go into details but I was treated inhumanely. They couldn't give me the care they should have but wouldn't admit that either. I also saw 4-6 elderly emergency patients on beds in the corridor, no lovely ones able to stand with them :(. @USER That’s awful, so sorry to hear that. I hope you’re doing okay.
@USER OMG NO WAY !!! @USER wat??
@USER Per the 2018 commuter rail counts put out by the T, there were an average of 126 people using the three Weston stations in total per weekday.  You want to build this for 126 people? @USER  @USER we want to build it so more than 126 people are using it.
I request Yogiji to practice Yoga along with a room full of Corona virus infected ppl, so that the virus is cured for all these patients and Yogiji himself gains immunity from the illness.. maybe he'll get that "sathya" Sai Baba's vibe and start performing miracles..
Looks a lot have stopped. The cold and storms I suppose. Hopefully it picks up again. I don't think it's slowing down. I walked past earlier, they seem to be getting a huge amount of support and encouragement from students and everyone in general.
@USER Agreed...? @USER Thanks Mags ???
Enjoy it while it lasts. Our government and the IMF are of the opinion that avoiding the next bubble crash without sufficient interest pliability will require negative interest rates which will only be viable if cash is removed from the system.  It has begun. Obviously the limit here is 10k for now, but that will decrease as is clearly stated, just like certain other countries. 
I like our new 50's, very cool, but my local car wash doesn't recognize new notes. You're supposed to wear the tin foil, not eat it.
September 25th is #SeeSayDay! Take the time today to save the Suspicious Activity Reporting phone number(s) for wherever you live, work, or spend time in your phone. By doing so, you’ll be prepared to help keep your community safe when you see something suspicious. @USER I “see” suspicious activity everyday at the border. It’s all over TV. We all have eyes!!!  Illegal immigrants pouring into the country by the thousands. Do someting!!!
Travellers have been lobbying for a national health strategy,mental health strategy for over a decade our State and its organs failed us. Now look where we are our children dying by suicide at a shocking rate. ? @USER Shocking , God rest those poor children, it’s time for some intervention ?
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER People. ?
What's going on is probably you look like a scruffy motherfucker.
Wait, I checked your post history:
>Charged with Dangerous Drugs Possession
Well there we go then. Bullshit charge or not you're on a list boyo. You're probably on the money.
He lost the popular vote, he was only elected by 60m votes in a country with 320m people. So he got less than 20% of the "people" to vote for him. Luckily the electoral system is shit so he won. This is a very misleading comment. Trump got 63m votes, but Hillary only got 65m votes. On top of that, not all 320m are eligible for voting, because a large percentage are under 18, non-naturalized  immigrants, or felons.
eh... have you been to blanch ? lol
I remember arriving at ITB each morning after a weekend there'd be a new burnt out car in the far side of the car park. "natives getting restless" - was the best phrase I ever heard. A lot of Blanchardstown is really nice. It's a very big area. ITB is closer to Mulhuddart than it is to Blanch village. Mulhuddart, Fortlawn and most of Corduff are shitholes afaik.
The way Americans pronounce the name ‘Craig’ should be a crime. @USER The way the Brits pronounce “we surrender” sounds so sweet though.
Heavy metal is the best medicine ? @USER Hmm, to each its own!
Right behind you. *looks behind.
Happy Birthday to pyaare redditors :* u/rorschach34 u/gumnaamflautist. Aur mai?
My first girlfriend gave me the same nickname. Guess that explains the username.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER If a party wins an election on the manifesto pledge to have a referendum on devolution, then absolutely we should have one. It is democracy after all.
Watching Chernobyl for the first time. @USER The series?   It’s incredible.
NO MORE MONEY TO UKRAINE! @USER A predator will never stop.  Putin is a predator.  Fully fund Ukraine.
NOTICE
&nbsp;
SHARMA-JI-KI-LADKI MISSING
This is to inform you that Sharma-ji-ki-ladki working  in catfish.org has been reported missing from December 2019 evening around 7 pm. She is 4'7" tall, medium built. She has a katega scar above the left eyebrow. She was last seen in RDT catfishing innocent boy.  Anyone who sees her or gets any infomation about her is requested to please inform me or sharmaji. u/catwhamen Mera bhi kata tha usne.
The powers that be really think we are thick as fuck. When you read comments under most news posts on Facebook/Twitter, a LOT of people really are.
Also, the clown being picked up should be literally waiting at the window or door so there’s no need for driver to honk said horn. 
BE ON TIME PEOPLE! EXACTLY THIS. I could send an anonymous passive aggressive letter actually. 
Make it old skool by cutting out each letter individually from magazines and threaten his garden gnome if his mate keeps honking.
Looks like people are shitting themselves. Hardly. I wouldn't imagine sales went up by more than 10%, if that. Supply chains to the end consumer put JIT to shame. Grocery stores are not grain stores, they have almost nothing on hand and it takes an extremely small variation in demand to empty the shelves.
If the trucks stopped coming in for a few hours under ordinary demand, the shelves would be in a worse state.
If anything, I'd argue you should be taking the opposite lesson from that sight.
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER Well at least both lips are even now so you don't have to worry about looking lopsided ??
This is your last shot to win today's #GIVEAWAY!

Q5. Brainstorming made you build your own sweet paper pile. Opt for _______ pages on the #RedmiWritingPad instead.

Comment with #RedmiWritingPad and #WriteClearRedoRepeat to win! @USER Ans. 5 &gt; 
Brainstorming made you build your own sweet paper pile. 
Opt for "20,000" pages on the #RedmiWritingPad instead.

#RedmiWritingPad #WriteClearRedoRepeat 
@RedmiIndia.
@USER Class ..As always x. @USER Thank you ??
I am pro First Past The Post, because I am pro the Labour Party.

Let's not give the extremes the keys to number ten. @USER FPTP will mean Labour will never win a majority.
I have a bidet so can ration toilet paper pretty well but I guess a lot of people can't :P I can understand why people might stock up on it if they're worried though, they'll eventually use it so not really a waste of money plus it's one of my worst nightmares to run out of toilet paper and I think I'm not alone in that fear. I typically do one poo each day, first thing in the morning before I take a shower. I wipe once then finish cleaning myself in the shower. A pack of toilet paper lasts me literally months.
Just now  @USER a man came up to me &amp; asked if I was Rachel V. I told him I am &amp; he said my husband &amp; I are shitbags &amp; walked away.

This has NEVER happened to my far more recognizable husband &amp; that is the difference between the way people think they can treat women. @USER  @USER  @USER He's the shitbag!
मर्द के शब्द झूठे हो सकते हैं मगर आसूं कभी नहीं.. @USER Aap shi bole.
@USER Christ no, 35 is still babes in arms stage! @USER ?
What a twat. How so.
@USER Great read ?? @USER Thank you mate!
China invented Coronavirus as a way to reduce population around the world. If you look at the how the police and government were shutting people down about spreading information, then conveniently making announcements and quarantines after everyone had travelled around a lot because of lunar new year. It also seems suspicious how some of the first places that got affected were Tibet and Hong Kong, places that mainland China would benefit from killing everyone off. Nah the rich are getting it too defo not population control.
Yes. There are lots of people who find what they want on dating apps. 
I for one, have found the love of my life. We're gonna get married in the foreseeable future. 
Also, I've seen enough posts on r/tinder where people have married each other after meeting on tinder. 
It all depends on you. Make it clear initially what you're looking for and you will find it. 
PS : 28 isn't old. You're going to be a hit on those apps. :). That's awesome man! Congratulations!
Two data points in isolation are not a trend. Was the decline consistent over that 10-year period or was that a single-year anomaly?
It's no different than saying that the average world temperature was the same in 2007 as it was in 2019, therefore climate change isn't real.
Need more information. Even if claim costs falling in 2018 was a blip, why hasn't any of that been passed on to consumers in 2018 or 2019?
Guy tries to call police on himself. 

Young gent P1 comes to the door. Regular knows we search. Hands over his wallet, boom bag of cocaine . 

B1 “Sorry mate that’s getting destroyed, and you’re not coming in, however you’ve not caused issues before so come back next week and all is forgiven” 
Sounds fair right? 
P1 “ok I’ll go, can I have that back?”
B2 “err no mate”
P1 “ why not?”
B1 “because we’re not drug dealers! Of course you can’t have it back we’re all under cctv and this will be destroyed under camera too”
P1 “ I don’t believe you’ll destroy it!”
(Note: Many people seem to think bouncers either all take or sell gear, it’s not true and even if one of us wanted drugs we’re not gonna trust something that you could have got anywhere and done anything to)
B1 “it’s not my job to convince you of anything mate, been nice, been fair now please listen to your GF and go home”
P1 “ I’m gonna call the police and tell them you’re in possession of drugs”
B2 and B3 laughing I take the lad away from door to chat more discreetly. 
B1” look mate I know your annoyed but you’re saying you’re gonna call the police to tell them we’re in possession of drugs? That we took from you!
P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up. why not give it back to him, it's his property? It's like being in school and the teacher takes away the stuff.
> Reviewer. Theatre. TV. Film
Sure, but it sounds like you've got quite the back log of movies because this one came out about 3 and a half years ago. ? the state of this twatter profile...
Arsenic byproduct of mining. That doesn't seem very fast acting.
I don’t get why the term living in your parent’s basement is an insult?
I thought Indians took great pride in living together.
Probably western culture focuses more on self dependence and living independently. That’s bizarre. Or marybe I’m an orthodox bigot. It's just difference of opinion. 
Earlier, most India were poor and uneducated, they depend on others to make their living. We are agriculture based country while west are mostly industrial based country. 
These differences make our living conditions. If you can get any job and place to live in a country, but still choose to live in your parents basement, isn't it would be an insult.
@USER He’s correct Colin. @USER  @USER It wont get through Wm and if it does it'll just increase UK economic woes. NI will lose southern and EU trade even without border customs.
@USER Best of luck Massimo, hope it goes smoothly. @USER  @USER Best wishes for a successful operation and a speedy and comfortable recovery .
Imagine sticking a tooth pick underneath your big toenail and then kicking a wall
Or imagine getting paper cuts in the webbing of all fingers. No. Imagine.... baby shark doo doo doodoo.
If Muslims are prone to crime, and Indian police is biased against Muslims, then why are only 16% of convicted prisoners are Muslims?
That statistic does not show that Muslims are disproportionately criminal. Most likely because of they constitute only 14% of the population? (According to wiki).
I never go to mass but had to this past 2 weeks for family occasions. Notable at today's mass we got a lecture on the unborn,how to pray away imminent WW111 but no mention of the tragedy up the road in Cresslough ? Still livid at the priest who said WW111 was imminent at a children's mass today. Not least for making me define imminent as 'a long way away' to Chung Flit. What an arse. No more mass.
I went off at my JobSearch provider. The one you’re with gets $500+ per jobseeker, only for them to be useless and I still had to find my own jobs anyway. I asked them “What exactly do you do?!”. 
I literally got no help from them and Centrelink pays them to help me! It’s literally a cash grab.
They told me I was rude for asking them what is their purpose?!
Here’s something they keep hush hush, its your right to choose your own JobSearch provider! If you aren’t happy with the support they give you, you can ask for a transfer to your chosen one. It's almost like just having one public job service provider run by the Commonwealth would work.  If there's no incentive for profit then the focus would naturally turn to "shock horror" actually finding work for jobseekers.
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. As if he would think that far ahead.
There is a call for a total boycott of a community. It is made publicly by a BJP Member of Parliament. 

But Modi Ji is silent. As always. 

And everyone is quiet. The media barely speaks up nowadays. Radio silence. 

Tragic state of affairs in India. @USER कुछ पागल कुत्ते जरूर भौंक रहे हैं।.
@USER SA rugby has a great vibe...people live and breathe in....newlands was special as well...glad I got to see a few games here. @USER Loved Newlands for cricket.  Not so much for the rugby.  Greenpoint is a much better location for the rugby.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER He’s playing to a Russian public and hawks first. But I agree. He’s upped the stakes. He had to. It strengthens his negotiating position if that is what it comes to. He knows he can’t win a conventional war.
I think I quite enjoy vegetarian sausages. I say think because my brain tells me the Bunnings snag is superior, but my stomach says otherwise. It’s a conundrum. Bunnings snags are bulk-bought tubes of garbage.
Happy Wednesday, #Resisters and all Non-MAGA! 
To grow your account -
24-hr. Vet/Follow/FB all who Retweet.
#FollowParty #FBR #FBPE #connectblue. @USER Good morning #Resisters. Have an absolutely awesome day. ?
@USER ଅନେକ ଅଭିନନ୍ଦନ ଭାଇ ??? @USER ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ ଭାଇ??
Happy out here - well rested and not hungover for the first Sunday in a few weeks :) It's a beautiful, sunny morning too.
Going for a walk now and will have to do a bit of study later on - have an exam Tuesday, keep the fingers crossed for me. Hopefully it'll be grand :)
Off to South Africa for a holiday with herself then on Wednesday - really excited, haven't had two weeks off work in a row since 2016 and very much looking forward to it!
Life is all good at present! Hope ye are all keeping well. I have two weeks off in a row coming up in May, first time since 2015.
I. Can. Not. Wait.
Good lick with the exam!
Think it's called filth. Do you have a wiki link? I can only find some scripted shows.
It's great for the environment and people who live out in the bush. But being realistic, it's only a short break from when the season resumes. This is the new normal. It's only how much of it is uncontrollable. Is there anything left to burn?
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER How awesome!
Video or it didn't happen.
/s. Time machine with the ability to traverse all parallel universes otherwise it didn't happen...
It sounds like you're looking for a source of news that conforms to your own expections/political leanings.   That's not what RTE or other non-agenda driven sources are for.
Stick to twitter. I don't want news to my bias (which I don't deny having). I want an almost algorithmic source of news that is just factual and without opinion.
@USER Nobody cares about your sexuality. @USER  @USER You might not but the stigma around gay players in football is real if you like it or not.
In an emergency kitchen towel will also suffice. Nah, that stuff clogs up toilets in no time. It's designed to NOT disintegrate when it gets wet. The exact opposite of what bog roll needs to do.
The Brave Little Toaster™. Agree.
@USER Excellent piece Sumant -- one other reasons contractors give for not following safety measures is that lower level bureaucracy take so much bribe that to take care of their own margins, the contractor cuts costs to be bare bone. In return, the safety norms are not enforced. @USER Yes. Corruption is deeply embedded in the system.
It's not fair to their staff. Jesus Christ how can they be so stupid? I work for a company which a year ago was facing bankruptcy. A venture capital firm showed up, bought the company and within 2 months had fired or made redundant about 30% of global staff.
Largely due to the restructuring efforts and changes in who the company chooses to sell to, a year later the company is now profitable and hiring more staff.
Was it the wrong thing to do to carry out the redundancies in that case? Or would it have been "fairer" to the staff and investors to have the company go bankrupt and everyone lose their jobs?
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER Hahahhahahahahahahhaahhahahahahahah.
Yes, the Japanese government really fucked that up. Locking everyone on the ship meant far more people caught it. Sure, it ended up being the wrong decision. 
I work in operations and logistics, and I’m involved with accommodation and people living in close quarters. 
Keeping people on the ship was really the only decision that could’ve been made at the time. There would’ve been no scenario in which the government or any other organisation would’ve recommended removing everyone from the ship and placing them quarantine somewhere else. 
It looks bad in hindsight, but the key priority would’ve been to minimise the spread of the virus among the greater population of Japan and Asia, not among the cruise ship passengers themselves. I know that sounds a bit morbid, but it’s accurate and they did mostly contain the virus to the ship itself. 
People also underestimate how hard it would have been to find any other accommodation or grounds that would’ve been a better choice. You’re talking about finding an isolated place, with thousands of individual rooms, already empty, ready to receive, feed, and treat thousands of people - all within a small enough distance from the ship as to not risk the public. It’s almost impossible at short notice.
@USER Was gonna tank this next expac but to my surprise I might be going heals instead if my old guild gets back up! Never healed before but I welcome the new challenge and im going mistweaver. @USER 1) good call on MW and 2) I use Healbot to help me heal, but there are other addons that do similar things.
"Fancy a lighter option?  Swap out the bread for some salad"
Don't do this, just don't.  After all, a chicken fillet roll is not a chicken fillet roll without the roll. Want a vegan option? have a salad.
@USER Pretty sure that the first word is 'Brit.' - presumably 'British'. Working on the other word... @USER Ha! Couldn’t be easier - it’s ‘Brit. Mag’ ie The British Magazine.
This week’s Dutton #Insiders bingo card to include the following words/phrases (have a drink for each one heard):
Aspirational
Stage 3 tax cuts 
Labor tax grab
Spiraling cost of living 
Union thugs 
ISIS fighters
National security 
People smugglers 
China
… other suggestions? @USER Love your work!
Probably listens to ur conversation lmao. I mean say what you want about Apple, there’s plenty to say, but Apple takes security pretty seriously.
@USER  @USER Looking forward to it, Lucy. Only on my phone data till tomorrow, so going to catch up when home xx. @USER  @USER Oh amazing thank you Alice! I think it’s better viewed on a computer anyway xxx.
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER No it's not ,he's a constant embarrasment and no role model.
i have no idea why I’m so horny. it’s ridiculous off the charts. #thisis45. @USER Awesome ?
PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.
Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons: 


Rule 3: You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".


Rule 3: Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.


Rule 1: You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  The question must be a full sentence.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".


If you have any queries or concerns, please feel free to contact the mods. Thank you.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns. ?
@USER Kabhi kabhi toh lagta hain apun hi bhagwan hain jo baarish karata hain. ?
Was in Malda for a week, everyday it rained. Came back today at Eastern part of Calcutta, it’s raining since morning ? @USER Where is it raining? ?
Are you fan of camping in Ireland? I mean, like a real fan? If so do you have any tips as to how one might get the best out of the experience given the - sometimes - not entirely pleasant weather we have? If you'd like to share your wisdom mail me maybe? conor.pope@irishtimes.com. @USER Talk to Mal ? @camping_soul.
The Left's problem is it can only entertain one narrative -  that all Tories are evil Thatcherites who put fiscal parsimony above everything else. They can't get their heads round what Truss is actually doing. @USER ....oh yes we can...bet your Monaco resident owner must be delighted...!?
These days, I have the privilege of interacting almost daily with Ukrainians — senior government officials,  journalists, diplomats, NGO leaders, soldiers, business leaders, academics, students. &amp; every time I do, my awe for their spirit, intelligence, bravery &amp; convictions grows. @USER Are you a warmonger?
I like that people always are worried that Epstein was murdered instead of suicide. What if this was a ploy to cover up that he just escaped or paid his way out of prison? THIS!
मुसीबत में अगर मदद माँगो तो सोच कर माँगना,
क्योंकि मुसीबत थोड़ी देर की होती है और एहसान जिंदगी भर का।
 @USER @ACP_SURINDER_K. @USER  @USER 100/ सत्य वचन इस बात का गुनहगार मै खुद हुं मैने भी मद्त मांगी थी मद्त करना तो दूर उस बात का लोगोने ढिंढोरा पिट दिया.
Tis long riddled. Our local wan was in fookin January. Also, got a nice skirt.
@USER Morning Andy. @USER Morning Neil.
We shouldn't be deporting people to countries they've never lived in or only lived in briefly as a child and have no connection to.
Dutton is just another fool trying to be a hard man at the expense of basic empathy. I'm of two minds about this - on one hand, people are obligated to abide by their visa conditions no matter how long they've lived here - if you don't your visa will be revoked.
For most immigrants, the pathway to citizenship is fairlystraight forward, so if they choose not to become citizens,that's their own fault. 
The dame can't be said of our kiwi brethren for them it is difficult if neigh on impossible to gain citizenship.  That we allow them to come here and live indefinitely without giving them a chance to become citizens is morally wrong.
Leticia James has moved her Press Conference to 11:30am. 

Just FYI. @USER I suspect that Donald Trump's  taxes will finally be released and she will take him to court for tax evasion in the state. His cult still won't believe whatever she says. The rest of us will, though, and that's what matters.
@USER Hi Karan! I am here to help you. I’ve made a note of your concern. Our team will get in touch with you shortly - Priyanshu. @USER Any details you need ?
Trust me, taking 60 teenagers away, is no fucking holiday. Not many of the teachers volunteer for these trips abroad. The same teachers in my school "volunteered" each year for the ski trip, it was definitely a free holiday.
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. A way back now they privatised all the Centrelink job agencies and the whole thing just became a scam / rort.
I had a similar situation over a decade ago and it was so infuriating having such agencies actively make finding work more difficult for private profits.
@USER #dontflyAIRFRANCE they loose your luggage and they dont care about it!!!!!!waiting since 26 OF JULYYYYY!!!! @USER  @USER I think we need to get a class action lawsuit against  @USER . There are hundreds of tweets complaining about the same thing.
Come to usa, trump is waiting for you? What is your name : 
Reject.
You need the book to tax it, explain to a guard and you should be grand, legally they can not take it, however dont be a prick or they might not believe you and cause you a bit of lost time. Only bought it yesterday though. On a Saturday so tax office would have been closed anyway.
I’ve heard it all now. Albanese has described himself as being “Economically Literate”. @USER Of course he is. Don't forget he said he was an economic adviser to Bob Hawke. Trouble is Bob didn't know that and neither did anybody else.
@USER Who you talking abt me ?? @USER i would never !
Must feel good to be Adama Traoré right now. Who and what.
Bit ridiculous that a by-election isn't called. We've never had by elections for the European Parliament.
hermes is worst, they are thieving cunts lol. Not experienced that ... Yet. Is Hermes really that bad?
Today I recorded people’s lips telling stories of loss in response to my recent film. It was heavy but wholesome: we cried, we hugged, we shared &amp; we said the names of those that are no longer with us. It is an utterly humbling privilege to be with people to tell their stories. @USER ❤️.
Go for Dominar 400. Not as eye-catching as a KTM, or has a heritage as an RE; but is a reliable workhorse.
Great for curvy tarmacs, and high enough to do so decent off-roading, but don't expect it to be a full-fledged off-roader. Thanks! I've heard some good things about the Dominar. Will do a little more research, as I'm not familiar with it.
@USER  @USER  @USER  you are missing the Annual Coddle twitter chat - well that’s what you get for going somewhere foreign????? @USER  @USER  @USER Coddle is not brown, that’s like saying wet white pudding !
I am pro First Past The Post, because I am pro the Labour Party.

Let's not give the extremes the keys to number ten. @USER And how's that working out?
I am so fucking proud of my generation. We had the highest youth voter turnout in American history in 2020. We along with many other groups- played a critical role in helping elect Biden- the most accomplished American president in most of our lifetimes. When we vote we win. @USER You need to put down the meth pipe you are Hallucinating. ????‍♂️.
@USER bro not ready for this in the morning. @USER Samee im on an empty stomach all nauseous.
Frenkie de jong has turned down beans on toast for his tea tonight and has opted for cheese on toast instead …… yes you get what I’m saying!!!
I know about as much as the other cnts on Twitter who claim to know what’s going on ?‍♂️???? @USER Beans would have been better for him as there’s a lot of fat In cheese even though it was probably Edam.
Can we just stop with this now? I enjoy finding out the backstory, and what happened next.
None of the above. Just a normal girl. I got to touch an elephant. What a thrill. I’ve never done this. Adding it to my bucket list. Elephants are so majestic.
Samurai sword. How long would it take for it to dull out? I'm sure it would be in heavy use.
Hovis! They have now have a small statue/installation of bread loaf at the top of the street.
haha my mum makes them like that too. But since there's only 3 of us there's usually twice as much yorkshire pudding then there is beef. That really was the idea of a Yorkshire pud. Fill you up because you couldn't afford much meat.
Found the original cart in an article on the proposed upgrade.
Interesting that it appears to have been $50k over budget but that wasn't mentioned. Government project being over budget is a given.
Anyone optimistic about the future? Climate Change does not allow me to be optimistic.
The U.S. condemns Russia's missile strikes today across Ukraine which injured and killed civilians and demonstrated once again the brutality of Putin’s illegal war.

These attacks only reinforce our commitment to stand with the people of Ukraine for as long as it takes. @USER How about starting peace talks? Ukraine isn't worth risking a nuclear war over. Have our Ambassador in Moscow speak to his counterpart and start talking. Peace starts with one word.
Have you tried just doing your actual TAFE work while at TAFE and leaving the video games for when you get home? .. can't do what's already done during class time. If you need your lunch break to work, I'm concerned for your success. ;x.
Bowel Distuptor. The brown noise?
Saw a mosquito on the wall and for some stupid reason I thought a let’s punch him into bits, so I make a fist and thrust it into the wall and the mosquito flees injured and my hand is killing me.
It literally hurts like a fracture. Handwash karle.
Should a woman ask a man out or wait? @USER Always ask...you have nothing to lose.
>    classic tv jingles: Hastings Direct, Calgon
As a 50 year old Brit, I can tell you I have no idea what those sound like.
I could tell you what Shake’n’Vac does though. WASHING MACHINES LIVE LONGER WITH CALGON!
It appears I've missed an important day.  Belated birthday wishes,  @USER . @USER No probs,I’m still celebrating??Ian.
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER So hard to choose…….let’s do both!
Congress seems inactive in Gujarat, but it is silently going to villages and towns and trying to convince people to vote against BJP: PM Modi. @USER Old school.
@USER Do you deny there were followers of Jesus in the 1st century? @USER No I don't deny that Jesus had followers! They were all Jews, As I said, Christianity did not exist nor the Gospels, Good night.
Guy tries to call police on himself. 

Young gent P1 comes to the door. Regular knows we search. Hands over his wallet, boom bag of cocaine . 

B1 “Sorry mate that’s getting destroyed, and you’re not coming in, however you’ve not caused issues before so come back next week and all is forgiven” 
Sounds fair right? 
P1 “ok I’ll go, can I have that back?”
B2 “err no mate”
P1 “ why not?”
B1 “because we’re not drug dealers! Of course you can’t have it back we’re all under cctv and this will be destroyed under camera too”
P1 “ I don’t believe you’ll destroy it!”
(Note: Many people seem to think bouncers either all take or sell gear, it’s not true and even if one of us wanted drugs we’re not gonna trust something that you could have got anywhere and done anything to)
B1 “it’s not my job to convince you of anything mate, been nice, been fair now please listen to your GF and go home”
P1 “ I’m gonna call the police and tell them you’re in possession of drugs”
B2 and B3 laughing I take the lad away from door to chat more discreetly. 
B1” look mate I know your annoyed but you’re saying you’re gonna call the police to tell them we’re in possession of drugs? That we took from you!
P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up. why not give it back to him, it's his property? It's like being in school and the teacher takes away the stuff.
@USER Honestly... it makes no difference.. I have a Pixel and I don't even notice that... has no impact on usage or putting it on the table or anything... it really is not protruding much, especially with a case. @USER  @USER I concur. Don't even notice it during use. If anything, it helps with orientation of which end is up. I get new one every 2 years. Bought 6, now buying 7, trade in value of 6 is wonderful.
@USER Same on my side ? @USER Really?! 
Oh god??‍♀️, time for art tho??
Liberal side don't like to talk about this (I'm a liberal too) but it is a fact that Indian muslims have changed a LOT in the last 25 years. Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
I lived in Lucknow when I was young. That was a very liberal muslim city. You'd never even see a burqa in Hazratganj. Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
Among my muslim friends from back then, there is a shift within their families as well. My friends (all 30 year olds) are mostly irreligious. But their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar". Lol same in my state AP too. I've never seen burqa until 3 years ago. Given how hot $ humid it's in AP during summers, I can certainly say women aren't wearing burqa out of choice.
@USER Yeah all up on site 2-1 joints Kildare and Romeo. @USER If Romeo gets 4 box he probably go 6/4.
Cheating on your barber is much worse. They know you’ve done the dirty. Tell me bout it, I cheated on my barber two days ago, purely because I was just off nightshift an happened to be close to a different barber, Result? Shit haircut an two quid more, that'll teach me!
how can they just rule out the possibility that the guy got it from China just because he spent 14 days overseas when there are cases where the incubation period is much longer than that? I asked the same question.
@USER #dontflyAIRFRANCE they loose your luggage and they dont care about it!!!!!!waiting since 26 OF JULYYYYY!!!! @USER  @USER I think we need to get a class action lawsuit against  @USER . There are hundreds of tweets complaining about the same thing.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good Afternoon. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Sir Ji,

Very Very Good Afternoon To You Too Also ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
Ah be very careful. Going from cooked to uncooked meats in the diet for a dog when they dont have the proper microbiome to help digest it.
My Dad is a butcher and we used to give my dog the best of cuts for his meals but now that he's 15, more cooked food and generic dogfood cause his belly ain't what it used to be. My little sausage dog eats royal Canin, and once ate an entire dead hare on a walk. The head, feet, hair, bones - everything.
I was sure he was going to die/be sick all over the gaff.
Not a bother on him. The divil.
My favourite thing about having insomnia for 3 decades is people telling me how to cure it as if I haven't tried everything imaginable to avoid 10,000 sleep-deprived nights. @USER Me too....me too.
The summers are becoming unbearable now. I think there were more days over 40 this last summer here in ACT than there were through my entire time in primary school (90s). Anecdotal of course, purely based off my feels and not the readily available data ^^^off ^^^I ^^^go ^^^to ^^^see ^^^if ^^^I'm ^^^right....
EDIT: I'm having a lot of trouble finding whether I'm correct or not. Can anyone point me directly to data for Canberra that will show me days over 40 throughout the 1990s?
@USER Jaylen is not overrated by anyone. He’s by far the most underrated player in the league. He’s easily top 20, but most people sadly don’t see how talented he truly is. @USER  @USER Absolutely.
Is this to gain sympathy or what? He is a showman, he aint going nowhere. I am sure this is it.
@USER The house jocks would have loved it. @USER  @USER Racist! ????
Racism in action.
Everyone should be treated equally. The colour of someone's skin shouldn't be relevant in court. Ethnicity should not matter. You don't get to destroy another groups culture and living for dozens of decades then say "It's time to stand equal!".
@USER Be safe and have a great day! @USER You to ??☕️.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations  @USER ser ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you buddy!
Be the change you want to see, don't just moan. Brainless comment.
Can we just stop with this now? I suspect it’s coming to an end....
I know a few people who are acting like it is doomsday stocking up on everything.
I know several people that don't give a shit.
I know some people that are just avoiding crowds/sick people/using common sense and washing their damn hands.
Honestly, if you didn't give a shit about flu season for the past two decades, why are you acting so scared or proactive around covid virus? Based on the WHO report yesterday, of people who have contracted Convid 20% require hospitalisation (5% require artificial respiration & 15% require only concentrated oxygen). If it spreads our hospital system isn't going to be able to cope.
"Severe cases are defined as tachypnoea (≧30 breaths/ min) or oxygen saturation ≤93% at rest, or PaO2/FIO2 <300 mmHg. Critical cases are defined as respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation, shock or other organ failure that requires intensive care. About a quarter of severe and critical cases require mechanical ventilation while the remaining 75% require only oxygen supplementation. "
And from page 12:
"Approximately 80% of laboratory confirmed patients have had mild to moderate disease, which includes non-pneumonia and pneumonia cases, 13.8% have severe disease (dyspnea, respiratory frequency ≥30/minute, blood oxygen saturation ≤93%, PaO2/FiO2 ratio <_300 and or lung infiltrates>50% of the lung field within 24-48 hours) and 6.1% are critical (respiratory failure, septic shock, and/or multiple organ dysfunction/failure)."</_300>.
Eff no. It is pointless what passes for education these days. I agree with u but it said people who like school.
@USER where. @USER Pl gurden pune.
@USER Aaaaaaaaaaggggghhhhhh. @USER That’s a very long acronym for a roadside assistance group.
Not sure how Leeds will take it; the artist, Rob (low level claim to fame: he's a mate of mine) has a lot of really cool stuff all over Sheffield that is of a roughly similar style, especially 3D stuff like that. It's generally liked in Sheff, but whether Leeds folk will take to it the same way...well having lived in both places I'm not too sure. I mean they have Broadcasting Tower, which was built when I lived there and I was flabberghasted cos to me it's a fucking disgusting monstrosity. Yet it won awards apparently. 
Basically art is very subjective, and people can be real dicks about it. Including me, though I try not to be these days. Ohh that makes sense. I can definitely see this kind of thing working better for Sheffield than it would for Leeds.
That said, I'm sure the new Leeds Playhouse building looked really odd when it was first designed, but it didn't take me too long to start liking it.
(Leeds person having visited Sheffield many many times here.).
Lol. To think they’re the one who keep calling others “snowflakes”. It's projection, as most any truthful statement about their behaviour results in howling butthurt.
Mostly because the media paints it out to be worse than it is. The flu kills more yearly than corona. News services in particular are the worst for this. They want little more than views. The flu kills more people yearly than falling in to active volcanoes. 
This doesn't make the flu more dangerous than active volcanoes.
By 2030, nearly 600 million people could still live on less than $2.15 daily.

@WorldBank’s latest Poverty and Shared Prosperity Report looks at the global poverty landscape after COVID &amp; other crises &amp; recommends policies to help countries correct course. @USER Nice ?
Someone asked me if it’s hygienic to swim with a stoma bag.
I said that a sealed stoma bag stuck to my tummy is probably more hygienic than a bumhole! And I wasn’t meaning to be crude because I’m not like that.
But it saddens me that in 2022 people still think stomas are dirty! @USER Great response!
♡picking randomly♡. @USER Please my middle name is randomly xx.
@USER Also, have your tryouts started?
We had a huge turnout for both 12 and 14 girls. @USER Massive turnouts at Nunawading. Record numbers.
@USER Good Morning Forgetfulness!  Have a fantastic Thursday my friend!?? @USER Thank you Errol.?
@USER Wonder what he meant by "Hindu movements"? @USER  @USER In his world view, there'd have been Hindu, Christian Islamic movements I guess.
@USER I was a lot older than that!! @USER And there’s still some abbreviations that I am unsure of!
@USER Oh hopefully that’s true. Flying to Spain in the 30th. @USER Search SNCTA on here ?
@USER Stunning days for you at the moment! @USER Today is 24 degrees and just stunning. Too dark to walk in the morning is my only gripe about it all as it was spectacular along the river this morning.
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Any Morrisey song.
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? Conservative. That's a nice way to spell fascists.
Pretty sure one bigoted person made that decision and it’s gotten a lot of bad press and the people have reacted badly. 
Be surprised if it’s not all overturned. Why are you downvoting him? He’s right!
@USER Pretty sure that the first word is 'Brit.' - presumably 'British'. Working on the other word... @USER Ha! Couldn’t be easier - it’s ‘Brit. Mag’ ie The British Magazine.
@USER I'm not quite 40 yet, I'm 36 but still feel like I'm transitioning quite late. @USER  @USER Saaaame.
Is 9/11 really not on here? On "best" there's one literally over 4 hours old with over 1K upvotes, and, on mobile, the first page without having to "show more." Sorting by "Top," it's only halfway down. I've read dozens of others prior to your comment, too. C'mon man, read or use find in page function. Did you really think YOU were the first, in over 8K comments on a conspiracy theory thread to mention 9/11?
So finally the stupid have outnumbered the sane. Haha, stupids have always outnumbered the sane. One of the reasons why democracies fail.
Once again, the smart ass in my local Chinese restaurant put 2 forks in with my takeaway. Listen here dickhead, 2 portions doesn't necessarily mean 2 people. @USER The one without prongs is a knife.
Or just buy a smart plug. And how, pray tell, do you turn the kettle on? There’s a button or switch on the kettle?
@USER Why is this news! @USER  @USER Not for me. Dislike animal racing &amp; gambling &amp; have no idea who she is.
End life on Earth. aight ill go first.
@USER ଜନ୍ମ ଦିନରେ ବହୁତ ବହୁତ ଶୁଭେଚ୍ଛା ଆଉ ଶୁଭ କାମନା ?????? @USER ଅଶେଷ ଅଶେଷ ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ ?
We are a loooong way off from worst-case scenario. Best thing to do is wash hands incessantly, avoid touching the face, avoid big crowds and keep on keeping on. Postpone Italy vacations. Imo panic is more dangerous than corona as it stands. A long way off? Looks pretty grim. Every effort to contain has failed and lots of people will die.
@USER Have you tried camomile tea? Why don’t you go to bed earlier? Don’t have coffee After 12. Don’t overthink things. @USER I'm gonna do a fight all over you, Laverty.
@USER Wow Sal.????? @USER I know!! Lost 3 &amp; now gained 2 in one year???❤️???
Because they look so cute when they waddle in their tuxedos. That’s fair.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Beautiful. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER That's actually more important than being beautiful.. A biodiversity indicator, as none saw it till now in my area.
As an American that's been here for awhile now, I do appreciate the idea of not spending the entire budget on tanks every year, but I'm also pretty sure I could take over the country with a good pistol, a few molotovs, and a half decent scarecrow.  A little more funding for the poor lads in the defense force might be appropriate
Edit: Apparently none of you can understand hyperbole and instantly equate more funding with a call for rampant militarism and imperialism. Calm down you knee-jerk slacktivist keyboard warriors. ‘As an American’....the preamble to absolute shite. Your ‘society’ is the youngest in the world and it is a mishmash of different countries’ cultures. Your military/government are the ultimate global terrorists, nobody wants to be like you. You’d get your molotov swiftly rammed up your arse if you start making those threats here. Shut up and keep your aggressive ideologies to yourself.
I hope  @USER will insist that all Twitter posters use their real names &amp; not be keyboard cowards hiding behind silly little sophomoric screen names.  Be man enough or woman enough (if you even know what that is) to stand by what you say! If you can’t own it don’t say it. @USER  @USER Keep talking. Reminds me who to stay away from.
>It was conservatively valued at about $330 million but would probably be  worth more if sold to a property developer. This could allow the ABC to  consider a more affordable location such as Parramatta in Greater  Sydney for its headquarters, the sources said.
We now know how big the next budget cut will be . . . And most of that gets spent setting to the new joint. Ingenious plan.
They should get over it, since they’re not in highschool anymore, and can no longer compete in highschool track. They missed their chance and should move on. Is there anyway to run as a sport in college or beyond?
@USER Sir I'm UPSC aspirant and i will be give my first attempt in 2024 plz give me some suggestion plz. @USER Kya tumne baat Kiya unse ?
Ha ha. I’ve been there. Used to ride out from Garforth via Bramhope, Otley, Ilkley. If it was freezing or wet the Abbey was as far as I got. Moved to Dorset now and missing my old haunts. Enjoy. Thats a fair distance from Garforth. Dorset is lovely though but I don’t know what it’s like for cycling other than the time me and my wife took our tandem to Blandford Forum and set off only to be surrounded by hedges twelve foot high for what felt like hours! I’m sure we could have picked better routes !!
Unfortunately, this feels like a r/agedlikemilk post waiting to happen. I kinda want there to be a /r/ragedlikemilk subreddit where people post fights where someone was angry in a limp, dairy sort of way, with people mixing up the subreddits and posting to each other by mistake.
Damn, I'm exhausted
What the hell's this all for?
Is this where it mends or it breaks?
Between a rock and a hard place
For the record, shit
Throwin' in the towel takes some effort
So I'd rather ride it out for better weather
Together ? @USER Good blessed morning luv.. hope you had a great evening.
I hope India will not make same mistake to add Ruturaj Gaikwad in playing 11.

Simple formula:
Play without Ruturaj and you will win!!
 @USER  @USER #INDvSA. @USER  @USER  @USER Lets give chance to Rahul Tripathi. Or else team will be same which played in ODI in second match.
@USER yes you are. ??? @USER You are going to lose your crush?
It is still completely beyond me why politicians would choose to have a social media presence - the thing that works with these things is authenticity and a genuine identity, neither of which they are capable of having... all that remains is an effortless target for ridicule.
UwU. @USER My Federal MP chooses not to have one and I thought that strange. #ZanetaMascarenhas.
A Cause Des Garcons by Yelle it's a French Dance/Electro pop song i randomly found
The name translates to Because of the boys. not that bad.
Iaintwotuthink is a genius lady. Ben_dover_pliss is trying to live his college days by stalking college kids.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Home insurance. Named item. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Does that cover you when you're out and bike gets lifted?
Is there anyone else on twitter today that didn't watch any of the pageantry on the TV. @USER Me. No telly. No paper.
@USER surprised by all the non-pot hole talk. some so big today they could eat my bike. @USER  @USER I should have tuned in - I have so many feelpinions about potholes.
The rain woke me up early. @USER I knew I shoulda called in.
Q2. What is the sale price of the #GalaxyZFlip3?
A. INR 69,999 till 12th October
B. INR 54,999 till 12th October
C. INR 74,999 till 12th October
D. INR 84,999 till 12th October

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER B. 54,999 till 12th October
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
Whereabouts. Bump. I'm also interested.
Haha he was talking about this on RHLSTP, without naming the brand.
Edit: I meant Matt Morgan’s “Funny How?” podcast. Also Matt Morgan's Funny How? 
Unfortunately that podcast doesn't have a fun to shout acronym. 
MMFH!
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. Lmao what idiots. Literally breaching the migration act by referencing visa outcomes.
Idk, i can't help, maybe call someone to help but i suck at help them. Maybe u could just use your arm and wrap it around the bullys neck and pull him down then beat the crap out of him.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good morning ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Sir Ji,

Very Very Good Afternoon ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
@USER  @USER Beautiful view ? x. @USER  @USER Pity no sun Jo ?x.
@USER Now I’m curious. What did this fox say? @USER Nothing. He or she just looked at us….imperiously.
Today afternoon I plan to boost some accounts. Let me know if you want happy friday ?? @USER I’ll do you one better. I’ll follow you.
Hey patriots can you please retweet and help me get to 4k followers.  I follow all back that follow me.
?? ?? Love all you Patriots
Bless you!!! ???  ?? @USER Followed.
Tina started bitching about sumbul's work in kitchen

Gautam: she needs the work rn and let her do it on her terms. Maine Jo kaam diya, soch ke diya.

??????? @USER well said.
@USER It’s very worrying. @USER Very very worrying. Hard decisions coming soon. Very sad.
Female directors that are also mums (and likes musicals) - make yourselves known! @USER  @USER should be able to help you out there!
Describe Putin in 5 words or less. @USER Maniac derilect.
@USER Good morning Lee. @USER Hi Peggy. Happy Thursday❤.
@USER Here it's been raining since 3 days ffs. @USER North me rimjhim baarish ho Rahi hai.
Aye have them drink whiskey instead ? Have them neck it.
@USER  @USER  @USER My energy bill has gone up with British gas from £68 to £242 how is this possible please advice. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It hasnt your dd has not the same .Dont do it .
Wrong place, try posting over here --->  URL. That post is to point out how un-Australian you are. It's not really suitable.
Happy Wednesday, #Resisters and all Non-MAGA! 
To grow your account -
24-hr. Vet/Follow/FB all who Retweet.
#FollowParty #FBR #FBPE #connectblue. @USER Good morning #Resisters. Have an absolutely awesome day. ?
@USER  @USER Both are ? don't spread hate for Indian team pillars. @USER  @USER  @USER Yesterday you were trolling kl now giving gyan on hate ??
@USER Which resort hotel is that? @USER I thought I tagged it! Hilton Hurghada Plaza.
It’s to give the impression of them having a weapon(knife, D-lock, etc) so they are more threatening to other teenage bys. The penis mightier than the sword.
They come out with these articles every few days, boomers still bitch how they had it harder. Politicians do nothing and we await the next article to tell us this again. Depressing, but this is what Australia votes for and they will do it again next election, its the "fuck you, got mine" mentality of the old. The News Corp article is a bit rubbish. I'm going to plug this video from the Royal Institute on the topic of young people getting screwed, especially on housing, and how much harder they have it.
@USER lmao can you IMAGINE the backyard as your backyard ?? @USER Better wear some earplugs lol.
Series of doobti quizzes ??? @USER Thread banale.
Finish this sentence:
The emotion I find the most difficult to control is ________. @USER My sadness once it starts I can’t stop it.
@USER We prohibit the sale of free tickets to public events. However, now that the event is over and the tickets can no longer be used for entry, they may be sold as memorabilia. Since Queen Elizabeth II's funeral has now passed, we are no longer removing these items. ~Kim. @USER I still think it’s disrespectful.
@USER You look a little uncertain about it. @USER Cutting much shorter than it’s been so that’s the face!! Plus jet lag tiredness.
You have posted 5 times in the last 2 minutes and all of them are about pooing, slow to down. I’m on my way to church and I’m 7btw.
I think they are trying to keep this thing in the news until Bihar elections, just before the election they will execute them and ask for votes on that. why didn't they do this for Delhi elections ?
Anyway, I wonder who is financing these rapists to file so many petitions, pay for lawyers ?
@USER Beautiful...so peaceful. Good morning. @USER Morning Sue thanks for the follow.
I got a letter from the NHS this morning,
It included instructions in 28 different languages, that's right 28.
Here's a way to save the NHS money, only treat people who speak the language of the country they live in,. @USER A lot of English people don’t understand or speak proper English, init!?
@USER Que Dios bendiga su alma,Oscar, al final todos nos vamos, lo importante es que su vida tuviera significado y tuviera una vida VIVIDA, solo tengo que mirar tus ojos en tu foto para saber que tipo de hombre eres, tu padre tuvo un buen hijo. solo hay luz donde ellos van. @USER Gracias macho.
I would say Barq's. Because it has bite?
There is a call for a total boycott of a community. It is made publicly by a BJP Member of Parliament. 

But Modi Ji is silent. As always. 

And everyone is quiet. The media barely speaks up nowadays. Radio silence. 

Tragic state of affairs in India. @USER कुछ पागल कुत्ते जरूर भौंक रहे हैं।.
@USER Maybe she’s a free spirit like her mom-Good Luck and keep us posted ??? @USER Thanks Jim… my free spirit has been tamed over time but not tide!
@USER Top tune. You going to Moondance on Saturday? @USER Unfortunately not, you going?
Lol Christmas Island is like next to Indonesia, hardly next to WA. Its also the most likely point of attack for china if they want to secure the strait of Mallacca and/or invade Australia properly, which is why people are so interested in it mapping the sea floor at that particular location even if it is international waters.
@USER Jalandhar ajo. @USER Jrur bhaine... Dso kdo ayie?
NO ONE should EVER be shamed because they want to know their biological family. This includes adopted/fostered people, donor conceived people, as well as anyone who was not given a chance to meet their bio family - for whatever reason. @USER  @USER Completely agree. It’s so important to us.
@USER There he is! Miss the big fella, can't wait to voice him again. @USER Thank you, I’ll do my best to catch up the schedule and then into the voice work process! ❤️.
slay slay all day. @USER Reyanna Sleepria.
Don't use tinder for finding marriageable guys, it's not meant for that. Okay!
I'm pretty sure unless one of the workers putting it on the shelf has the virus, and you then touch a product that was contaminated you may get it, as your not gonna get it from the food travelling from Italy and/or China?
I hope. Ah no. I didn’t mean that you’d catch something by buying one of these. Just funny.
You are in the middle of storm Jorge!
Not taking away from the increased input of green energy into the grid, that's awesome, just pointing out that what you are seeing isn't the norm and we still have a ways to go until it is! But with more global warming we can have more freak storms.
Invest in coal. Invest in the future.
Even though 1 offender is too many, to put this in perspective: There are over 11,000 police officers in Queensland, 84 officers is less than 1% of officers. If the problem under-reported and actually 10 times worse, that's still only about 7% of the police force. ACAB retards will still think it's the entire police force, the abuse thing is the same as all other shit. Some muslims did some terrorist shit but it doesn't make every muslim a terrorist. Some weebs like the kiddie shit but it doesn't make all weebs pedos. Some cops are cunts but it doesn't make them all cunts. Everytime I see ACAB I instantly picture some filthy bogan living of welfare lol.
I don't use Tinder, I use the Obituary section. As long as she is not decomposed is ok. Must be your life philosophy.
The first corona virus death in the US was in the town next to mine. Time to ask your crush out now.
Sure everyone will be jammed into every pub in the country anyway. That's grand since that's an adults choice. The parade is more for the young ones who are vulnerable to the disease and I could understand why some would rather it not go ahead since people like anti-vaxxers exist.
Depressed girl ????? @USER Why are you depressed ?
@USER Just wait until people don’t hit on them ? @USER Lmfao I’m definitely muting all of it.
Reverse image searched it. The result was "Firearm". oof sorry couldn't find anything. You should try asking in /r/whatisthisthing.
Checked my bank account and I think my wife and I are in dire straights.
I really hope she knows some of the chords. @USER An old guitar is all he can afford….
Is Elon Musk buying Twitter or not? @USER No.
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. It's more likely that they want to create a pandamic in order to crash the stock market, and reap the benefits of it once it all blows over.
>So I know I'm pretty old now 
It's not 
you are doing great.
Am sure you won't wish to marry just for the sake of it.
I hope you embrace your life n do what you love to.
It's this patriarchal malice that assholes ingrain in females to get marry at the earliest, I wish someday u will flush this out.
And most importantly hoping that  u find LOVE, the UNCONDITIONAL one. Thank you so much. I will keep looking!
And yes patriarchy and all this pressure sucks!
So my roommate just got back from a skiing trip in Andorra two days ago and now has a dry cough, fever and fatigue. 
She called out of work sick but won't call the GP till the morning. She saids she doesn't feel too bad since it's no worse than a cold. 
And she's not exactly being over the top with the whole hand washing thing. Oh, and she works in pharma . We're fucked lads! She should self-isolate for three weeks at least. Anything else is irresponsible. Show her this post!
No internet restrictions. Day drinking isn't frowned upon, as long you don't take the piss with it. Have a radio to listen to. Our canteen sells wine and beer. The little shop in the building also has a decent selection of beers in the fridge, plus a small choice of canned cocktails.
Aaaaah, day drinking. The French staff would revolt without it.
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious. @USER Yes. Doing that seems often ostracises others. It’s better to confine and limit your vocabulary so that all and sundry can understand. Communication needs to be short and succinct. Longer sentences do not necessarily convey the same meaning and can cause confusion.
Don't drink a lot of alcohol, don't smoke, lose weight, play the didgeridoo, sleep on your side or stomach. Rolf?
All these people who start feeling dizzy, nauseous after 30 kms of car ride with or without AC should be considered as weaker section human civilization and be barred from travelling. Kick them out.
Please tell me you have helmet cam footage! mope :( I'm going to get one after this, its the third or fourth time i've come across something so obviously dangerous and blatant on the bike.
NO fun on MY subreddit. One of us has to be the miserable bastard.
@USER The splendour walk of shame .. not sure what old man Balenciaga would have thought of this but they’ve embraced street wear big time, so big my youngest son knows the name ? @USER ??
@USER Gm my sweet friend happy Thursday to u. Hope u have a amazing day and keep safe and warm. Enjoy your coffee and breakfast . Gd luck to ur tribe tonight. Big hugs ☕️☕️???????? @USER Good morning to you my sweet friend! Lots of rain here. Have a great Thursday and thank you on my Tribe! Big hugs ??⚾️☕️☕️???⚾️.
Political parties should never be tied so closely with religion. BJP should never have been a hindu party . All this bullshit would have never happened. Fuck religion for causing so much hate in this world. > BJP should never have been a hindu party .
That is all they have. Without religion angle, BJP is nothing.
Class. Another Irish sub. Any news on when reddit.ie is launching.
It looks delicious. Sad I've never have one. Never had a yorkshire pudding of any size?!
Who's loving having good government back in Australia? ?‍♀️. @USER My first impression was the absence of the word ‘millions’ and I relaxed into a world of clarity, confidence, trust and knowing I wasn’t being gaslighted by those elected to lead us all.
Ur eyes are pretty cool. Or perhaps your gaming skills are good.
I live in a lovely village but it's in Nadine Dorries: constituency. Help! Pro  European, climate, love and compassion. #Followbackfriday #HumanRights  #FBFriday. @USER Has she been back since she was elected?
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER Union firmly secured " ? ?
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaww !
Their capacity for self-delusion is limitless !
It wasn't a train lol...small maintenance vehicle, but it messed up a lot of train lines. I guess it had the same sort of effect.
F*CK YES! Ron DeSantis is under federal Investigation by the US Department of Treasury over his use of COVID Relief Funds to fly migrants to Martha’s Vinyard. @USER If you seriously think that's going to result in anything other than more of our tax dollars wasted you're dreaming.
@USER You need to get yourself a hunting knife now that your camping in the wilds of Ireland in your camper.
It’ll come in handy for opening those packets ? @USER Ain't that the truth ?
The photo on the Bank of Scotland note is giving me strong“Unsolved Mysteries” vibes, so that’s my favourite.
Unfortunately I’d probably struggle to spend it anywhere local. Aye same is the case with me.
You’ll need to phone the number and ask for a reset. This. Also the codes usually only last 14days.
My youngest brother and his wife married on Feb 29th. He became my hero. Today is their fifth anniversary. Means it's been 20 years since their marriage?
@USER Dear Sir/Madam,
Please provide your USC No. &amp; contact No. So we can forward this issue to concerned engineer. @USER 100668310      8121177040 / 9000844199.
For all the shit people like to talk about "totalitarian communist China" all the time, the above reads an awful lot like in a crisis it's generally better to be governed by China than anybody else.
Take hospital beds alone:
> China has hospital beds to treat 0.4% of the population at the same time - other developed countries have between 0.1% and 1.3%
China actually has beds for more than 0.4%: 4.34 beds per 1000 people, i.e. 0.434%.
Ireland? Less than 0.3%: 2.96 beds per 1000 people, i.e. 0.296%.  
Not only do they have THREE orders of magnitude more people, but they also have 47% percent MORE hospital beds for all of those people.
People downvoted me when I first said this, but I'll say it again:
> Protip: Don't run your health service [to] the absolute limit, to the point where a non-emergency already becomes a national emergency, because once an international health emergency then hits...
Is it too early to say I told you so? China also attempted to silence the doctor and refused to recognise the virus. The doctor died as a result.
@USER No longer buses due to disposable drapes. @USER Sorry used not buses !
Christ on a crumpet. People are whipping themselves up into a completely unecessary panic about this thing, OP included. Go about your normal business.  Here is the advice of the World Health Organisation:
>>RECOMMENDATIONS AND ADVICE FOR THE PUBLIC
If you are not in an area where COVID-19 is spreading, or have not travelled from an area where COVID-19 is
spreading, or have not been in contact with an infected patient, your risk of infection is low. It is understandable that you may feel anxious about the outbreak. It’s a good idea to get the facts from reliable sources to help you 
accurately determine your risks so that you can take reasonable precautions (See Frequently Asked Questions). 
We are currently low risk.  We have 25 cases, nine of which are citizens we brought home from the Diamond Princess, and fifteen of which have already recovered. While highly contagious, the illness is mild for the vast majority of people who get it, including young children who usually have higher mortality rates from flu-like illnesses.  Our health system has demonstrated that it is adept at catching and contact tracing cases, public awareness is high and people who are concerned they have been exposed have been exemplary in undertaking self-isolation. 
Quit. Panicking. 9 days ago, there were 3 confirmed cases in Italy. Today, there are 1128 confirmed cases.
 URL 
DoN't pANiC.
So freaking frustrating. P. @USER What is Sooner Leesa?
More than 8 Crore content creators in India ??
Only around 1.5 Lakh of them are able to monetise it ? @USER Less than 500 cricketers in india(A grade ) , but ur namesake inspite of being in top 200 never able to monetise it.
Making mates as a fully fledged adult is a widely shared challenge. Being a gay lad also has its own unique problems attached to the challenge. I agree with your sentiments with regards to other gay guys. It’s very difficult for many, myself included, upon knowing someone new is gay, to separate their sexuality and not consider having sex with them. Just thinking of someone in that regard is going to really skew the foundations of a friendship developing organically.
On the other end, becoming mates with straight lads, I’ve gotten great at shutting down notions of dating or sex with a guy once I find out he’s straight. Yet there is a general sense of unease when I meet new straight guys, I think most of it stems from me being overly cautious to  ensure they don’t think I’m in any way coming on to them at all, I would hate to make someone feel uncomfortable in that way. So baseline friendliness is reduced as a result because I’m over-compensating for them knowing I’m gay and being perhaps sensitive to anything I may do or say.
Clearly I’m reading a lot into it here, but I ask myself similar questions as you appear to be. The friends I have made as an adult have been through work and one guy I did briefly date that we managed to transition to a good friendship. 
Whatever your avenue, gaming, sports, acting etc. so much of life, of success and of friendship is just solely about showing up, being present and demonstrating that you are reliable. Flakiness abounds in society lately so defying this trend says a lot nowadays. I think many people say and state they are into this that and the other, but say it simply to appear and fool themselves as being interesting engaged people but who rarely if ever actively participate in their stated hobbies.
Instead, actually go to that event, attend that talk, enter that competition, in the words of the great Shia La Beouf; “just do it!”. Completely understand your sentiment. It's tough. You're always overthinking some aspect of said friendship be it straight or gay guy. Very frustrating. 
Absolutely, I'm loyal to a fault and if I make plans with someone I will always stick to them unless I'm sick or something. Very rare nowadays to get someone who will do that for you.
Excellent on SMTV:live as a kid. I loved watching them get frustrated with the thick as shit kids who couldn't get the phone in competitions right.
But as an adult they're not appealing at all. They're quite creepy. my fav was 'dec says' with his waffling and ant reacting in the background.
Is there a sub for finding gem stones? Dunno. If you find it let me know.
@USER I feel it is hard to find consistency. And the bad thorns are hard to weed out early. @USER I can see that for sure.
To all the girls who have eyes on only one guy are the real princess ?? @USER I used to be that guy. 

But ever since I got married, I don’t get those looks, but the stares ?
It's the doggy sugar tax. Sugar doggy tax.
Done many interviews &amp; written several columns on  @USER and her disastrous economic policies so far I have said they are in ‘total disarray’ but seems inadequate as pronouncements get worse daily I have never in my fifty years of doing economics seen anything as bad as this. @USER  @USER  @USER she’s also a dangerous diplomat, not because of any policies, she has no skill at that level, but because of a complete lack of understanding of international diplomacy.
That must have been the easiest job in the world, digging up dirt on Bronwyn and Ley. The dirt pretty much dug itself out of the ground for those two. Seriously.
Talk about a non-story.
Stop thinking, just do it. I'll try.
Tell Iran to stop aiding the Houthis in Yemen. They've created a travesty with the world's worse humanitarian crisis! Oh shut the fuck up. Shiites have been persecuted by Sunnis all over the place. Turn your ire on the Arab states bombing the shit out of Yemen.  
Lest you forget, ISIS main enemies were the Shia and Alewites in Iraq and Syria.
@USER Some of my favourites  @USER   @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER to name a few ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER thanks so much ?
Maybe this sounds ridiculous, I don’t know. But in a social setting, if it’s not a good cuppa, I’ll ‘forget’ about it. If it’s in an office, I genuinely can forget about it. If it’s not a cup that makes me want to come back to it every few minutes, it’s not on my mind to drink it. Sometimes it comes too light, too dark, sometimes it’s been threatened with milk. Sometimes it’s like dishwater, syrup at the bottom. In every team of every company, there’s usually only one that I trust. I’m of the mindset that it’d be ruder to exclude myself from the tea round system and make myself tea. Is that nuts? >Sometimes it comes too light, too dark
Some invaluable information my Dad passed to me was that a good brew should be the exact colour of He-Man. I live my life by this mantra.
The Stage 3 tax cuts are both unfair and completely unaffordable. 
They were a bad idea at the time and a terrible one now. @USER Over to you Sally. Albo can’t be held to ransom by the past (Gillard) and the threat of broken heart rhetoric. There are more important issues at stake!
Change school lunches. The shit they serve at my kids school is disgusting. That's not a national problem, though. schools are controlled at the local level. it's the parents' role to campaign for that.
I think bhakts are seeing the change in Indian politics and will change sooner than you think. Yes I have seen many bhakts transform. They were just blindly following but some of them are very frustrated inside. They do understand Modis hypocrisy but are too afraid to admit because their own ego comes with it. 
But if one shows clear evidence they can change. I have changed the mind set of my entire family. And it's a big thing because I come from a joint family and two of my family members are in BJP (you can imagine the hate on me ;) 
I'm very happy to say but except two or three most agree with.
@USER SA rugby has a great vibe...people live and breathe in....newlands was special as well...glad I got to see a few games here. @USER Loved Newlands for cricket.  Not so much for the rugby.  Greenpoint is a much better location for the rugby.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Started as a block of Duke of Edinburgh  stuff. Volunteering I think.

Now there's a whole range of reasons. I think most of all I find it intellectually stimulating and challenging, interspersed with some great moments, memories and bonds.
These reforms are fucking great. I'm so happy. 
• Landlords must now ensure their properties meet basic standards, providing functioning stoves, heating and deadlocks, and maintaining basic safety standards for gas, electricity and smoke alarms.
• Rental bidding will be banned, preventing landlords from accepting a higher price than advertised.
• Landlords may only increase rent every 12 months, as opposed to every six months as currently stands.
• Bond will now be capped at four weeks’ rent.
• Landlords may no longer unreasonably refuse consent to minor modifications. This covers nailing hooks to walls and anchoring furniture for safety. But they can request these modifications be made by a qualified person.
• Landlords will now need an official order from the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal in order to refuse a tenant the right to own a pet.
• Tenants will no longer need written consent from their landlord to file for the release of their bond. The landlord will have 14 days to dispute the claim, or bond will be repaid to the tenant automatically after that time.
• Victims of family violence will be able to terminate rental agreements to ensure they aren’t held liable for the debts of their abusers.
• Caravan and mobile home owners will now be offered access to compensation if their residential park closes.
**
Fucking rental bidding. I've had to do it. Such a shit of an underhanded practise. Getting calls from the agent... well, there are a lot of people interested... 
Tell them directly that rent bidding is illegal. Oh, we're not doing that, we're just letting you know there are a lot of people interested...
There are more coming into effect in July 2020:  URL 
Some highlights:
Inappropriate rental application questions
A rental provider or their agent cannot request inappropriate information in a rental application.
Rental providers must give a valid reason to end a rental agreement
Rental providers (landlords) cannot issue a ‘no specified reason’ notice to vacate. To end a rental agreement, rental providers must provide a valid reason such as sale, change of use or demolition of the rental property, or rental provider moving back into the rental property.
Evidence for change of use notice to vacate
Rental providers must attach documentary evidence to a notice to vacate for change of use. The Director of Consumer Affairs Victoria will specify the types of evidence that must be used, for example a building permit.
Bank or other mortgage provider to honour rental agreements
If a bank or other mortgage provider has consented to the mortgage recipient entering a rental agreement with the mortgaged property, upon taking possession of the property they are subject to all the provisions of the Act as though they were the rental provider.
Expanded definition for urgent repairs
Urgent repairs now include repairs or replacements relating to air conditioning, safety devices and any fault or damage which makes the property unsafe or insecure, including pest infestations, or mould or damp caused by or related to the building structure.
Long-term leases
Renters and rental providers (landlords) can enter a fixed-term rental agreement for longer than five years. They must use the prescribed form to do so. >  Rental bidding will be banned, preventing landlords from accepting a higher price than advertised.
Why shouldnt a landlord be able to get the most rent possible?  In future wont they just advertise a lot higher rent then add 'or nearest offer'? 
>Landlords may no longer unreasonably refuse consent to minor modifications.
Will the tenant have to make good any changes, e.g. if they add a lot of screw holes to a wall surely they have to repair and repaint the room.
Yes South Park-Simpsons. Cartoons more crossover than reference but it count i guess.
What do people think the worst case scenario is with COVID-19? Like do people think we'll get the country shut down for two weeks or what? Genuine question, I know it's something the government/international bodies don't want to talk about yet/at all so I'm curious what people imagine it to be. OK, so, assuming for some reason that we do get a major fucking outbreak with say 200-300,000  infected, people are going to have to be treated at home  while holed up in their rooms. 
Mild cases just need food, supplies and maybe money - middling cases should be treated by community nurses and a few doctors (freed up by the canceling of all elective procedures) who check in on them wearing a full set of NBC protection).  Their transport would be arranged by the army, who'd take charge of hosing them down between visits.   
The Civil Defense would be in charge of distributing supplies like anti-inflammatories and food, fresh water etc.
AGS would take care of civil order and all limits on overtime for all branches would be lifted. 
That's a broad-brush look at how we might tackle things, and while we're honestly not familiar with this type of regime and it'd be a very odd time I think on the whole Irish people would help pitch in and be helpful.
I thought one of them was a disgraced drunk driver, and would never work in TV again. Nah British public love ‘our’ ant and dec too much to care what a disgrace one of them is.
I’m guessing either an enthusiastic child or a dog with very heavy paws has moved into the apartment upstairs…. Confirmed: enthusiastic child.
Other people on social media when they’re being trolls. They only do it because 99% of them wouldn’t have the nerve to say whatever they’re saying to your face. Saw someone on a friend's FB comments have the nerve to tell her to "check her sources" and link to a meme. The friend has a PhD in the field being discussed.
@USER Well said! @USER Thanks!
So I've written 25k of new book since end of July.

This is good yes?

My brain constantly tells me I'm a writing failure.

Also launched massive marketing campaign at work. 

#ImposterSyndrome #adhd. @USER I tell myself I’ll never be as successful as Agatha Christie. And therefore always a failure. Once you’ve accepted your failure, the success goal posts move an awful lot closer.
Watched a documentary (think it was in Canada) a while back where they had safe centers where people could get clean needles, be supervised by medical staff while using controlled substances and offered rehabilitation programmes and not be threatened by police 
None of the drugs had been decriminalised but the state has recognised an epidemic and offered a safer system to those at the highest risk levels.
I don't think at this point decriminalization would do shit. we've an rooted black market supply chain that isn't going anywhere, best thing the state can do is provide early education into the long term effects of drug use, heavily change the support infrastructure for those caught in addiction cycles and stop treating em like dregs and leaving em in back alleys. We have legislation permitting a safe injection facility on the cards for the last 5 years. It's been blocked multiple times from planning permission objections. Hopefully it will eventually get built. Once we have one others will follow. One day we'll hopefully have a place like this for drug users to go and access harm reduction facilities.
Good morning Twitter. Positivity is extremely powerful, let's spread as much as we can today! ☕☕??? @USER Good morning hope you have a Terrific Thursday today ☕ ? ?
@USER Hey you should be in central Australia. We discovered the legs and feet of the largest bird on earth, Dromornis stirtoni. What a find. @USER That’s amazing!! Probably far too old for me, though ?
i'm sad, marry me. @USER Yes i intrested ?
@USER I got these honey wax crayons on Amazon.  Let me check it and dm you. @USER Thanks man.. Got it.. I appreciate it.
@USER जन्मदिन की हार्दिक बधाई, मैम. @USER Thank you so much?
"“TDs and Senators were given blank nomination forms at this week’s parliamentary party meeting. They had to sign them and hand them back. The National Executive then decided which candidates to select, filling in names on the pre-signed documents”
"
>Tweet publisher: Seamusdo. If this happened within Sinn Fein, we’d never hear the end of it.
Just reinforces the need for change.
@USER  @USER Who is paying for the role of International PR Photographer to the PM..? @USER  @USER  @USER Have you not seen the insane amount of money they have spent on official photographers?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम.
Tonight the thought  @USER is no longer with us is just heart breaking. A decent soul who suffered too much. The news has stunned many of us. We all need to take care. God bless her. RIP. @USER  @USER God bless Aideen RIP ?
The three great universities are Oxford, Cambridge and? "wherever I went"?
Times Cow it is. Cow? Cow be kya bigada hai tera?
Is there anything I can say other than “the President rode his bicycle into a tree”? @USER Your President is a Klutz!
Think it's called filth. Do you have a wiki link? I can only find some scripted shows.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations  @USER ser ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you buddy!
@USER How right you are Maureen
Your flowers are just beautiful ? @USER Thank you Dee.
Because there is a high amount of forgeries of scottish notes south of Scotland. They are are rarer so retail workers are much less likely to spot them as fakes. Don't they train retail workers in how to spot forged notes though? The guy at the corner shop can do that.
Area 51. I work @ the krusty crab.
@USER Gm ??? @USER GM GM ??
Still dodging Covid. Touch wood. I feel so bloody lucky. @USER I got it. I attended a thing with a lot of people and felt invincible but of course I wasn't.

It hasn't been as bad as I expected, still nasty though.

Keep avoiding it!!
Schofield and Willoughby say they didn't jump queue when they did. @USER Jibbers.
I got caught up in a thread. Its seems some guy named Nick is not a nice person. I think he might have played for the Cubs. Or maybe it was the Bears. If you know who this is, please let me know. Thanks. @USER Unfortunately Mary, there’s a lot of not nice people in here. Most of them are either Braves or Phillies fans.
Q7. Which color of the #GalaxyZFlip3 would you like to win?
A. Cream
B. Phantom Black
C. Lavender
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q7) A. Cream ?

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
It sounds like you're looking for a source of news that conforms to your own expections/political leanings.   That's not what RTE or other non-agenda driven sources are for.
Stick to twitter. I don't want news to my bias (which I don't deny having). I want an almost algorithmic source of news that is just factual and without opinion.
@USER Carly may Kavanaugh again? Need to reach out to her employers. Ridiculous apology. She’s only sorry she’s been outed. Disgusting. @USER  @USER Sorry, did you just suggest trying to get someone fired?
Now that the dust is settling on Munster staying in Melbourne, can we revisit the fact that the Dolphins, Tigers or ANY other #NRL club were not supposed to be making any offers to Munster (or Anasta as his manager) until 1 November 2022. This whole thing was tampering and reeked of salary cap shenanigans. At no point did the other clubs have the right to talk to a player under contract for another whole season. The system needs reform and strong penalties for these types of actions.
You have posted 5 times in the last 2 minutes and all of them are about pooing, slow to down. I’m on my way to church and I’m 7btw.
No I am done. People are scamming others with this, I ain't gonna fall for it again. I'll better buy one screen plan. Well it sounds scamming but you can’t do anything without trust. I’m currently using the mobile plan for 199₹ I’m fine with it but I can’t watch it on my TV that’s a big Bummer and to not get get scammed well I’ll provide my contact info and if you think of an idea that works out in such a way that we can trust each other I’ll be glad to use it . Sadly i’m New to reddit so definitely it looks more like a scam ?
I know it says great, but all I see is ordinary Britain. Ordinary Britain is in France.
A nicely brewed Yorkshire tea !! That sentence contains a logical contradiction.
How to fuck your business, 101. Petty shit like that puts you on peoples' "never go there' list.
End credits scene where sex offender Sonic comes at new Sonic and he screams "fuck!". Wait did that actually happen?
Can understand PM expressing condolences on the death of MSY but why are random RW guys crying bucketful! @USER You are a good question.
Is there a dignified way to fasten a bodysuit? @USER Dignity is in tact until you give up closing it and just let it flap, imo xx.
We all remember the nursery rhyme. "After the poo or pee has landed, do make sure that you're clean handeeeeaahhhd". Is that the verse that comes after "If you sprinkle / When you tinkle, / Please be sweet / And wipe the seat"?
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Everything, there is no god. Stop beleving in nonsens.
@USER More Life FB! @USER Thank you fam ??
ஆடு இல்லாத தமிழ்நாடு அமைதியா தான் இருக்கு!?

Verified ? @USER Very correct.  Only I miss daily comedy  !!   All times happy is good for health but i miss only Because of Mr Adu Ammamalai, sorry come back soon and make TN happy.
House homeless and refugees in the Seanad. How can we have Reddits when there are homeless???
DISGRACE.
If i was ordering, i'd stick a note up on my door to say to leave everything on the doorstep, knock and leave.
Hopefully anyone who is self isolating will not be so daft as to keep quiet and have actual contact with another person. Yeah... um... how's that policy of not supplying carrier bags with deliveries working out now, Tesco?
Taylor Marshall is my J Mac. @USER Shit yeh ????
Former supporter, last night: “Joe, you’re a Democrat. Just admit it.”

Me: “I’m not a Democrat.”

Him: “U support Democrats. So u support their policy agenda.”

Me: “I oppose most of their agenda. But this isn’t about policy. It’s about our democracy.”

Him: “You’re a Democrat.”. @USER Is it Friday?
@USER Damn this photography skills? @USER Thaaanks :D.
I think the producers would do my nut in if I was ever on the show. All that silly happy clappy waving and bullshit is cringy af. But then your granny sits in the crowd and you just wanna let her brag about it to her friends for the week.
@USER The RL bubble scene needs a little bit more than the one of the other esports in my bed. @USER  @USER Unreal dedication to the esport @Gregan.
@USER They are verified. No more, no less. @USER Ah.
My ex has the highest chance of dating me so caught feelings at your own risk. @USER ?? cant stand u.
Islam is cancer. It must be banned in India. P.S: I hate RSS too. It must be banned too. All religions, religion affiliated 
organizations must be banned for a decade. This is such a stupid idea we don't need to ban shit....just show people it doesn't make sense instead.... Convince them.... More and more people are turning atheists anyways.... Religion is going to have a slow death till the end of the century.
"Fancy a lighter option?  Swap out the bread for some salad"
Don't do this, just don't.  After all, a chicken fillet roll is not a chicken fillet roll without the roll. Want a vegan option? have a salad.
Have you been to the Far East or Northern Italy for eg. ? If not then probably statistically low risk. Frankly though if I were one of your clients I wouldn’t thank you for turning up with a stinking cold or standard flu either. Yeah, I think I might cancel, I'm pretty sure I know who I picked this up off as well, and on the phone they told me they were under the weather, and I was like "we should cancel our meeting then, and you should get some rest and we'll meet when you're 100%", but then they were insistent they were okay and we should still meet, and I was reluctantly like "okay", and they turned up and they clearly weren't okay.
Not gonna lie, I'm a bit pissed off at them, so yeah, don't want to be that person!
What does this mean? Can somebody ELI5 to somebody who has literally no idea how this affects me? The RBA lends money to other banks who then lend money to you and I. For the last six months or so, it's at an interest rate of 0.75%, and so a bank might charge you say 2.75% for a loan.
Because our econmical outcome is looking worse and worse and the government isn't or can't do anything about it, the RBA has decided to lower the interest rate to 0.5%. This in turn is suppose to force your bank to lower your interest rate to 2.5% and you then use that extra 0.25% to go out and spend or invest it to try to stimulate the economy.
>how this affects me?
Unless you have a mortgage or a bank loan, you're not really going to feel the impact immediately and even then, that's if the banks pass the rate cut.
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Any Morrisey song.
Muslims are the few sane ppl left in this country. Oh please, let’s not get carried away with such moronic rhetoric!
As an American that's been here for awhile now, I do appreciate the idea of not spending the entire budget on tanks every year, but I'm also pretty sure I could take over the country with a good pistol, a few molotovs, and a half decent scarecrow.  A little more funding for the poor lads in the defense force might be appropriate
Edit: Apparently none of you can understand hyperbole and instantly equate more funding with a call for rampant militarism and imperialism. Calm down you knee-jerk slacktivist keyboard warriors. ‘As an American’....the preamble to absolute shite. Your ‘society’ is the youngest in the world and it is a mishmash of different countries’ cultures. Your military/government are the ultimate global terrorists, nobody wants to be like you. You’d get your molotov swiftly rammed up your arse if you start making those threats here. Shut up and keep your aggressive ideologies to yourself.
I have concerns about the Tory Party, MPs &amp; Ministers that have taken millions of £££'s and Roubles, in what now turns out to be 'Dirty Russian Blood Money' and a Prime Minister that went without security to a Russian Oligarchs (Ex KGB) home just after a NATO meeting! Do you? @USER Absofuckinglutely.
I think I quite enjoy vegetarian sausages. I say think because my brain tells me the Bunnings snag is superior, but my stomach says otherwise. It’s a conundrum. Bunnings snags are bulk-bought tubes of garbage.
Me, Not child.
Accidentally stole a loaf of bread. Went in for milk and bread. Held milk and money in one hand. Bread in another. Put milk up paid and walked out. Got to car. Checked receipt because i got more change than expected and realised I just held the bread in left hand and only gave them the milk and money with right hand. Completely unaware. How did the cashier not notice it? Probably had a bad day, well not you, you got free bread.
3 of my ex colleagues from my previous company quit yesterday, 2 I was on very good terms with, including a guy that was among the top performers who couldn't handle the politics any more.
Meanwhile David de Gea (and Jordan Pickford) are collecting their paychecks.
Another mate (my bestie at work and said top performer's roomie) just spilled the beans today on why HR encouraged me to quit during probation period itself so he could save 185000 for the company.
Sucks. Sales role me sab performance based hi hota kya? like CGPA in college?
And people that just leave milk/ice cream/random meat on random shelves to go off. They should also be part of the roundup for punishment! What kind of punishment? Death, or just re-education?
Other than Thailand and China, are there other modern nation-states that are called 國? @USER Since most words get shortened to two characters these days, you find a lot more colloquially.
According to new polling, Americans think Biden’s student-loan bailout is unfair by a margin of 59% to 32%. @USER Who did the polling?
My theories ..
.Modiji is Celebrating April 1st in March 
Yoga baba is coming out with a new app ../ or he's going to make tik Tok videos 
Last..humara bada khatnewala Hein .. My theory - All of the above.
What van would be acceptable for you? 
WE know what a Union flag is you patronising twat. A van from a British company. That would be acceptable.
I want to do hospitality/travel ugc but I see little to no black creators doing this for ugc. It just has me wondering if it’s even possible. Brands do not champion the diversity they say they do. @USER I have seen a bit of them in new York!
We are not COMIES. We believe In FREEDOM. K. I think you’re thinking about fascism.
Any idea why Infosys futures is at 24-25 buck discount to spot? Dividend is only around 16 or so? @USER Where did you see Rs.16 dividend?

I think they haven't announced yet. Could be higher perhaps.
I understand only criminal charges show up, and hypothetically if it did mention anything they look at the nature of what occurred e.g. speeding fine NBD, but serious crimes (murder) would be an issue. An admission to a psychiatric unit might be viewed as beneficial to the school because you would have lived experience which is valuable. > .. but serious crimes (murder) would be an issue. 
Shur I'll throw in the application and see how it goes.
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER sometimes, but i dont care, no one can judge others by tweets.
currently going through a bit of an aussie hip hop phase and I think this is the only genre I’ve ever really listened to that I just can not bring myself to play in session. there is simply no way to make it work. one can not do sadism to a soundtrack of our unadulterated accent. @USER Challenge accepted.
He's speaking the ancient language. Oabf soq6t 69s f siwyr ishrb fuck me daddy jdvdk didve kavsvr7d UConn of e.
3 of my ex colleagues from my previous company quit yesterday, 2 I was on very good terms with, including a guy that was among the top performers who couldn't handle the politics any more.
Meanwhile David de Gea (and Jordan Pickford) are collecting their paychecks.
Another mate (my bestie at work and said top performer's roomie) just spilled the beans today on why HR encouraged me to quit during probation period itself so he could save 185000 for the company.
Sucks. Liverpool lost and I forgot my homie's bday
Sucks.
I don't even know or care to know the truth because this is so obviously clickbait rubbish. The bane of internet information, Jesus.
Does anyone have a decent news outlet other than The Guardian? Something that is simply information even, no clixkbait and sensational rubbish to entertain the lowest common denominator... RTÉ are fairly good for it.
Great. Grab a corona before the virus closes the pubs and stores. Which one? The one from Mexico or China?
I am about to share something that is so shocking to me that I feel I need to simply share the information, and then withhold comment until I can fully process…. @USER Lol. Another misinformation in 3,2,1….
Happy Birthday to pyaare redditors :* u/rorschach34 u/gumnaamflautist. Aur mai?
@USER That's shocking. @USER At least it’s free of charge.
The woak hate Arndt because she calls them out on their bullshit and punctures their lies, but especially because Arndt believes in equality for all, not replacing the patriarchy with a matriarchy.
The outrage machine doesn't like it when anyone stops and thinks about why things happen. They just want you to be outraged, because then you are easily manipulated. Arndt wants people to think seriously about teen sexuality, not just pretend it doesn't exist, and about the reasons why men commit murder-suicide. It's not for the LOLs, and its not because All Men Are Evil.
When somebody, man or woman, kills there own children and then themselves, it's not just a random act of evil. It happens for a reason. The outrage machine doesn't want you to think about those reasons, so anyone who challenges the prevailing narrative must be silenced.
Even if you disagree with Arndt's opinions, the fact that there are people who want to suppress her message is a million times worse than anything she said. I out her on the same level as Pauline Hanson. Controversial to get attention with the claim it's what everyone is thinking like a stopped clock she rarely right and should not get the attention she does.
@USER They were supposed to find my luggage. It’s been 4 weeks and I have no clue about it. Definitely worst airlines ever.  @USER  @USER @AirFranceKLM. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You are the worst airline!! You lost my luggage, can't find it, only gave me a $100 voucher, a number to call at JFK that doesn't work, and a tracking number that also doesn't work! Where is my luggage???
Bangladesh: Openly critical of India. 
Nepal: Embroiled in a border dispute. 
Bhutan: Limiting Indian tourist access. 
Sri Lanka: Rajapaksa ousts pro-India incumbent.
Afghanistan: Americans are rehabilitating the Taliban. 
Iran: See above.
Pakistan: Pushing forward with a concerted diplomatic offensive. 
China: Making ingress into Indian territory by building infrastructure to change facts on ground. 
But at least watching Jaishankar give tactless aggressive responses to foreign dignitaries provides bahkts enough material to jack off over a “strong India”.
Wonder what happened to his “look east policy”, I’m assuming planning guided tours to Kashmir is taking up all of the foreign ministry’s time. Canada: Telling their citizens to not travel to India seeing current situation.
@USER  @USER Wouldn’t last a minute I the real world. He’d be run out of town. @USER  @USER ‘in’ the real world.
Depends on how the shipper sends it.   If they send it via post, then Aust Post handles it here.    But if they use a courier service like DHL or Fed Ex, then they handle it all the way to your door.
Most couriers will not deliver to a post box either. ahh ok, that's a shame. thanks for the insight.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER Me.
जबसे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की हत्या हुई है तबसे अब तक 35 बॉलीवुड फिल्मे फ्लॉप हो चुकी है,,

कुछ साल और बहिस्कार और सारी गंदगी साफ़ हो जाएगी बॉलीवुड की !! @USER Yes mam I agree with you ❤️.
@USER He'll be boldly staying put from now on. @USER  @USER Mission: to mopily go where no man has moped before.
All the Paddington Bear gifts and marmalade sandwiches the Queen received reminds me of the time I said that the snow baby ornaments where kind of cute to my mum, then she told everyone and for the next fuck ton of years every fecker bought me snow baby ornaments. @USER Same, I started drawing a ? when signing cards etc, who new so many things are made in the form of snails!!
@USER  @USER I go with the theory that I am a survivor.  I've lived with PTSD  and trauma for so long and I'm still here, so I wonder how others would cope in my shoes, when you judge me let's see what you would have done. @USER  @USER Agree! &amp; well done. self compassion is so important.
If you could “Delete” anything from your past, what would it be? @USER You would only choose to delete something tragic from your past. Which would completely change who you are today. So if you're unhappy with who you are today, delete away.
Police confirmed that all these are rumors.
I am right now in Rajouri Garden market.  ALL PEACEFUL.   Yes, there is panic. All shop owners have shut shops and gone home as a precautionary measure. Police deployment has been done.  All metro stations are functional and running smoothly. No damage or disturbance reported 
 URL 
 URL. Rajouri Garden is more than 10km away from where I live. Why play with peopl's safety with these?
I make my living gigging around the country, a little fearful gigs will be cancelled now... Same here. Literally visiting every corner of the country in the next 2 weeks and they will all be large gatherings.
I can say with hand on heart my opinion has nothing to do with gender, but for many, many years, I've found the writing, acting and effects in this show to be utterly cringeworthy. I remember watching an episode with the Slovene(?) aliens, around the time when people were absolutely raving about the brilliance and originality of the revival, and it was literally an entire 45 minutes of fart jokes.
@USER I’ve done political philosophy classes. You have got to be being very errr charitable here. @USER In what way?
@USER Racist Traitor. @USER  @USER Come on then, Laura seeing you and your fascist ilk have done nothing for the veterans, for the last decade, why the false interest now?
I am just going to fap as many times as I can and then go to sleeeeeep. 41 is the limit, always remember that.
You'll fit right in! 
Welcome home! :). Aww thank you!
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER Whos going to want to buy when your not willing to sack rodgers and putting in rubbish performances?
Wake the fuck up Australia, you're getting robbed. Yeah it's those bloody dole bludgers we treat like criminals for being out of work, not the government siphoning billions to their mates.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER Now that is really cool!!!  Thanks for sharing that.
The kind of venom Hindutva supporters are spewing at Mulayam Singh Yadav on his demise is at another level altogether. @USER Rather as a true journalist..it should have been...

Venom spewed are similar to when #Jaitley or #Shushma or #Bipenrawat  expired..

Baba..its their in either side.

And siding one make u also culpable.
Winning Streak never moved on from the 80s. RTE never moved on from the 80's.
Did they have a Reliant Regal? Um I don't recall seeing a car like that.
@USER I have filled in the application form from my phone and it isn't clear what I need to do next. Do you have it?? @USER  @USER  @USER can you help?
They lactate bro, that's all. Just make them more animalistic like nipples.
Why do girls wear bra? 
One male friend has really big man boobs but he doesn't need any bra. Moobs and boobs differ in their aerodynamics.
Lift weights, listen to Jordan Peterson. I suppose joining the cult of disenfranchised white males could possibly make you friends, just not the sort of friends any normal human would want.
Bit of context, reasonably nice part of town would probably be described as "up and coming" in estate agentese. Problems with things being nicked from front gardens and backyards started several months ago, hence the camera. 
Shame as we used to be able to ask delivery people to just leave things out of sight. 
Milk seems like a new low... Tomorrow morning leave a half milk/half piss bottle sitting there.
If you’re an aussie and are in NFTs RT this tweet. 

I want to connect to more aussies in this space ??? @USER Sydney ??
Are you Afraid to fly? I am. @USER Only when my arms are tired.
Go for Dominar 400. Not as eye-catching as a KTM, or has a heritage as an RE; but is a reliable workhorse.
Great for curvy tarmacs, and high enough to do so decent off-roading, but don't expect it to be a full-fledged off-roader. Thanks! I've heard some good things about the Dominar. Will do a little more research, as I'm not familiar with it.
Apropos of nothing, that fireplace hasn't seen many fires. Glow of big Mick warms the heart and the hearth.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER You silly man. Weve had 12 years of a Tory government and police cuts. Ditto funding to the nhs. Youd be dangerous if you had a brain.
We shouldn't be deporting people to countries they've never lived in or only lived in briefly as a child and have no connection to.
Dutton is just another fool trying to be a hard man at the expense of basic empathy. I'm of two minds about this - on one hand, people are obligated to abide by their visa conditions no matter how long they've lived here - if you don't your visa will be revoked.
For most immigrants, the pathway to citizenship is fairlystraight forward, so if they choose not to become citizens,that's their own fault. 
The dame can't be said of our kiwi brethren for them it is difficult if neigh on impossible to gain citizenship.  That we allow them to come here and live indefinitely without giving them a chance to become citizens is morally wrong.
Friend ran into a door divider and I think he got stitches. That was Grade. 5 or so and on a day where thenschool brought everyone Subway. Dang.
Sapien says, “tomorrows exam can fuck off.”. Padh lo.
Yeah, I'm hoping to by this year in Dublin, by myself, and new homes are a complete non-starter. There is no way I could afford any of them in Dublin. Just be rich, duh.
The Left's problem is it can only entertain one narrative -  that all Tories are evil Thatcherites who put fiscal parsimony above everything else. They can't get their heads round what Truss is actually doing. @USER I reinforce my thinking by checking Richard Burgons tweets daily.
Clueless.
Because she invested her own money to have the place cleaned up and painted. Now the landlord can command more rent from a new tenant. This is exactly it. I don't know why anyone would pay money into another's investment.
Like me? Because I’d love to sing for Queen, but I’m not gay and don’t want to have AIDS. No judgement, I just need clarification. You'd become their new lead singer.
@USER Congratulations ?? sir. @USER Thank you Sahabaz.
I'd say it'll be sickening. It'll go viral.
The last thing that i had on a £20 note looked like it came from Colombia. Why would there be coffee on a £20 note?
>The statement must be made in good faith and is a belief that a person of the same religion could reasonably consider to be in accordance with the doctrines, tenets, beliefs or teachings of that religion. This has been dubbed the “phone a friend” clause as the person only needs a single other person to vouch that the belief is part of their shared religion.
Nah, there's no way this could backfire spectacularly. Totally becoming a Satanist if this legislation goes through.
Gets jealous when I go to work. How else we gonna feed them? They never think through stuff like this do they.
Every species in this world has a purpose and that purpose leads to balancing the environment, nurturing it for other species, making it a safer place...
Every species. Take ants. If ants were suddenly gone, a lot of rotting animals will stay there for longer, providing launchpads to infections. Vultures - same story. Even the fucking tiny bees are necessary. They pollinate.
Every species is useful for environment, and is needed for keeping the world livable.
Every species, except humans.
Think about it. But dont all species die out and new ones take their place eventually.?
Sometimes I think the purpose of humans is to accelerate the already occurring thing in nature .
But having said that , I agree we should tone it down a bit and do our part as individuals.
I don't think I've ever stopped someone from doing anything ever, unless it was to stop them from annoying me, but even then it wouldn't have stopped them. So no. What an appallingly uncivic attitude to have.
Exactly my point in another sub. If someone said smearing baked beans on your naked body prevents the coronavirus, guess what? Sold out. Maybe that is the case. I went shopping and half the beans had already been bought already.
> A motel on the New South Wales South Coast has charged a guest $50 for writing what it described as a "defamatory" review.
> 
> Sharon Graham spent two nights at the Mollymook Ocean View Motel last week, and gave the motel a score of six out of 10 on the website Booking.com.
> 
> Ms Graham said the location was good but a bit noisy, and that she was unsure whether the motel offered daily room service.
> 
> "I thought it was quite a fair review," Ms Graham said.
> 
> Ms Graham was shocked when, having checked out, she received a second invoice which listed a $50 credit card fee for leaving a "false review" online.
> 
> The motel said the $50 will be refunded when the review is taken down.
> 
> "Social media bookings false review will be refunded if removed within 24 hours," the invoice read.
> 
> Motel management claimed the review was misleading and harmed the business's public image.
> 
> "The score is not even close to the average rating," the motel said. I read this woman's original post on Facebook. She was actually then charged another $50 for "administrative letter writing". Contacted police who called the motel manager to tell her what she was doing was illegal, but the manager hung up on them. There were a slew of other examples in the comments of the manager responding poorly to reviews, even threatening one person with a call to immigration. Someone even found a positive review that the manager had written herself under her own name, and then responded to as the business to give thanks.
While I can find plenty of them online, I've never met another Expanse fan. I've never met one either, but I don't go out much. They're out there. There must be loads of em.
@USER Do u still facebook? Well I quit 7 years back.Its so boring. @USER Not for Actors ...
@USER  @USER  @USER Classic Shan W ? @USER  @USER  @USER Haha  wanted to  “practise what I preach” 

Having spent close to 3 hours advocating people to support aus based projects, would be a shame not to show some support especially when I like the art ❤️ 

On a side note, hoping to fly down to brissy for the event :).
Sometimes I really really absolutely hate being a grown up. @USER 100% this. Hope your day improves.
@USER Tu taff combien d'heure la semaine mon boug? @USER 44, possibilité de travailler le samedi matin ce qui peut être 49h au plus mais faut que je fasse la demande.
@USER Definitely worth trying at that price. @USER That's what I'm hoping for!
#AirtelFibre #AirtelAcceptComplaint #Bhartiairtel #Airtel

Airtel Fibre network is down since 30+ hours. The customer care is not ready to accept complaint.
Every time we text/call/ email, they say that they are working with utmost priority. This is how they have zero complaints. #Airtel #Airtel5G #Airtel5GPlusLaunch #airtelplan #airtelweekendchallenge.
Ffs.
These posts are utterly deplorable. You have zero right to know anything more than the fact that a case has been identified. You have zero right to know who, where, age, sex, school, place of work, place of residence, nothing, unless the HSE deems it appropriate for you to know, in which case, the HSE or the patient will be in contact with you directly. 
Otherwise, cool your fucking knickers people. Hah, imagine the bedlam if they said it was a Dublin Bus driver.
Where did Gordon the gopher live? In the same closet as Philip Schofield.
@USER Can’t be an easy trip - sorry to hear Oscar . Thoughts are with you mate . @USER Thanks G-unit.
know I am definitely not pregnant ??. This is just a gastrointestinal issue. Can you imagine me pregnant at my old after??✍️ Lord help me feel better throughout the journey day.
In the name of Jesus, new order of exploits shall begin to happen in your life! @USER Amen.
Town or county? because I live in Tullow. lad me too.
Ruscist reconstructionists in the occupied territories never tire of repeating the Nazi referendum on the Anschluss of Austria. They are expecting 1938 results. Instead they will get Hitler’s 1945 outcome. @USER  @USER ? Slava Ukraini.
I pray the day will come when  'The Daily  Racist Express ' will get their karma too. @USER I shout A big AMEN.
The Irishman. Someone who hates movies ain’t gonna sit thru that movie. Isn’t it like three hours?
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Well it's all fine if the constitution of that Muslim majority country isn't biased. Places like Malaysia and Lebanon have had different religions thriving together for decades all while being religious.
And also a devout Muslim can still be a devout Muslim in a country devoid of any Islamic history.
Why don't banks accept your years worth of on time rent payments?! I've been paying rent for 5 years on time without issues and it's more expensive than monthly mortgage payments. Loads of us have a proven track record of it. The fact this isn't taken into account and isn't brought up more often is horrible. It's such a fantastic solution. But the banks won't accept shit. They do, they include current rent and savings as part of their stress tests for affordability. You have to be able to show you earn enough that you can pay rent and save significantly as well as afford to live. So they know you can keep paying if interest rates go up.
Its just they also need a 10-20% deposit to cover the possibility of negative equity so the value of your house if sold in a down market still covers the cost of the outstanding loan.
In fairness both are reasonable rules.
The problem is not the lending rules, its the price of property being entirely unaffordable to begin with and if you loosen the rules it will just drive prices higher again.
Developers not building affordable properties on desirable land when they can build higher margin luxury properties instead is the problem. Its up to the planning authorities to control what gets build where and insist on a higher proportion of higher density affordable properties being built in these developments.
Blood On The Tracks is a great music podcast
The Parapod is releasing new episodes and is one of the funniest podcasts I've ever listened to. Only about 30 episodes but it's gold
(Berkhamsted) Revisited has a big back catalogue and is basically two early 30 something women reading their teenage diaries/emails/facebook messages etc and reminiscing about the early part of this century. Far more interesting than it has any right to be and full of nostalgia. Oh aye I mind hearing about the revisited one before, I'll have to give it a lash.
There's still plenty on the RFS map ? Yeah I just had a look myself, all the ones I checked except 2 were last updated a few hours before this tweet. info on the app can be over 24 hours out of date sometimes for the really minor stuff.
They only do really frequent updates to the “oh shit” fires because it’s all manual, it’s not an auto updating live system
Most of the ones I checked were last update around 9am.
@USER Next up the 747? ? @USER No point. We don’t move enough of them. We have some contractors to use on the occasion they come up.
The more you see it, the more you realise that the ordinary citizen thirsts for a more inclusive and humane India. This is why the #BharatJodoayatra is gaining more traction by the day. @USER Humane India, in your view, excludes Peacefuls. You try to condemn stone pelting on Hindus and Hindu religious processions and Sar tan se juda slogans at least once. You never dare to do such a thing.
Find it awful grandiose that we've just renamed Dublin to East Ireland without consulting anyone, but fair enough. They have special maps of Ireland in Dublin. Everything beyond the M50 is just marked, "Here Be Dragons.".
As a grown woman, why can’t I find pajama sets that don’t have some cunt of a Disney character on?!?? @USER For blokes it’s usually tartan of some kind.  I of course have stormtrooper PJs and a black dressing gown with the empire symbol and hood.  Need to find me some evil slippers, the sheep feet don’t really go.
There was no foul there… surely? ?
#MCYvWUN. @USER Pathetic officiating already?
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. If this is true he’s way smarter than I would want to give him credit for.
so they can monitor all messages ? lmao
a SARKARI whats app what a joke. Did you even read the article?
> GIMS, which is currently under testing, will be used by govt departments for secure official communication.
@USER  @USER ??? @USER  @USER Thank you my guy ??
My favourite thing about having insomnia for 3 decades is people telling me how to cure it as if I haven't tried everything imaginable to avoid 10,000 sleep-deprived nights. @USER Me too....me too.
Personally I have the Contigo Autoseal and honestly love it! I’ve heard many good things about Frank Green as a whole but also seen mixed reviews on the coffee cups. I see. I won't lie, I kinda like the Frank Green's design. 
As far as I know, they make only coffee cups, are you referring to any particular product or that you've heard good things about FG overall?
First you have to figure out.... how much ground could a groundhog hog if a groundhog could hog ground. 42 grounds thats all.
Oh my god ... i never thought i would use the F word to describe the fascination my hindu brothers have for Gau mutra ....
My heart is beating out of my chest, my eyes clouded by pouring sweat,  my hand trembles as I type this ..... IT IS JUST A FILTHY  FFFF EEE TTT IIIIII SSSSS HHH .... there i said it .... Daymmm.
Lammy on LBC talking about supporting Zelensky and the oppressed Ukraine, whilst openly supporting the oppressive regime of Israel. Does anyone take the word of these charlatans seriously? @USER Zelensky has banned 11 left wing parties, some over pro-Russia bias &amp; on 17 August, Zelenskyi ratified Law 5371, which removes rights for workers at small and medium-sized companies but aimed at the World Bank-IMF asset stripping to come. Lammy, politically &amp; morally bankrupt.
@USER Hey you should be in central Australia. We discovered the legs and feet of the largest bird on earth, Dromornis stirtoni. What a find. @USER That’s amazing!! Probably far too old for me, though ?
In research, it's not enough to be 99.9% sure, you have to be 100% sure. How many of you agree?  @USER  @USER  @USER @AcademicDilemma. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nothing in life is 100% sure.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I think he killed himself. The conspiracy was that he was allowed to kill himself.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Sir, thanks for the information. We have informed PCR-112 for further action in this regard. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nothing happened and neither any PCR were came. What type of complaint you did?
@USER Really worrying seeing how long people have been waiting for their luggage. I'm quite concerned about mine now. It was taken by mistake by another passenger with an identical case but if they're trying to contact you to get it back to me it will be impossible. @USER Absolutely no one seems to work in customer service. Agents on here tell me to call the baggage number but no one is ever available.
I hate the kind of people that every time you talk to them they’re always trying and sell you something. @USER  @USER Me 2 .. I’m like I’m not interested! You know anyone who wants to buy a PS5 ?
@USER  @USER Wow! She’s so beautiful!!!!??? @USER  @USER Thank you Anna! ❤️‍?❤️‍?❤️‍?❤️‍?
Maybe that it's all devil stuff. I'm like "punk, there's Christian metal too." Lol. Yeah- I myself am a satanist and listen to metal so it dosen’t help the stereotype but like yeah. There is Christian metal and many songs who include God and Jesus in general.
Hello everyone. Today is my 73rd birthday. Haven't heard from family. Can I  please get some birthday likes? @USER Happy birthday.
@USER It’s very worrying. @USER Very very worrying. Hard decisions coming soon. Very sad.
@USER My sister is comma that is your problem, pls add it to make it complete. @USER  @USER ?
Can we perhaps upgrade the travel advice for all these countries please? 
A ban, sure but most of them are “returning” from holidays. There’s no point now. Cats out of the bag.
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Beattles: Elenore Rigby &amp; A Hard Day's  Night.
Instead of saying people who do bad things are not real hindus, real muslims, etc. acknowledge that there are bad people in every religion. True. People who spread hate and violence are dickheads irrespective of their religions.
Deluded people in Ireland think we should get out of the group ?? worst fans on the planet. @USER What would u recommend or do u think Kenny should or achieve then

I'm curious as I think results r bread n butter over styles

That's just me.
You can just say fuck. We know what the f*ck you're saying.
@USER Kilsyth is $25. @USER And rego for season?
Lordt. It's not even 7am and someone's already crying at work...

Not me. @USER Sad part is going on everywhere.
no one looks good in traditionals lets just say it together... Mai yeh sounch kar tweet kiya koi traditional Dress batate ga?
Alicia Vikander is on tv in Tomb Raider. My wife is leering even more than I am. She’s an absolute stunner. Married a Kerryman unfortunately. @USER Married Colm 'the gooch' Cooper I think.
Wank morning, (before any pervs think I meant that literally I didnt) thank fuck I've been called into work earlier I'm off to see if I can shake this shitty feeling ? @USER Have a great day.  I got up, bought vodka, came back, ordered MacDonald’s breakfast, poured vodka into coffee.

I may be under a level of stress and anxiety at the moment. I also bought a massive slab of clotted cream fudge designed to be chopped up that am just biting into.
From next season, the next generation Chevrolet Camaro will replace the Holden Commodore, while the next generation Mustang will line up for Ford. Much of Australia’s recent history has been tied up in the ‘Ford Vs Holden’ rivalry, with households split evenly for a long time. So sad to see it go!
HAIR. Oh my gosh. Yes! I gag.
@USER  @USER 
#FlipkartDoglaHai 
Again it happened, the delivery boy is asking me to come for self pickup, no action is taken from the flipkart side. They mark all my issues as resolved.
 @USER 
 @USER 
@hafizsd. @USER  @USER 
#FlipkartDoglaHai 
#flipkartscam 
Going to raise a complaint in the consumer court, please do comment if any one else wants to join with me.
Wanna sell some crack? Or craic?
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER ? hugs.
>They'd just seen their government announce a partial relaxation already, with about 760 high school students allowed to return from China to Australia.
i don't follow the logic of allowing secondary but not tertiary students to enter
surely both groups carry a similar level of risk, and while high school started five weeks ago, unis are only just returning now, and students would be anxious to be able to start ASAP 
and from an economic perspective i would expect revenue from tertiary students to be much higher than that generated by secondary students. There is no logic. Logic and politics don't mix.
What you mean? All the shits and worms from my Ganga snan is not enough to protect me?!  O_o. Some parts of ganga are more raw sewage than river water, nothing is gonna get purified.
I can understand the frustration towards Bruno Fernandes, but to HATE him and send him abuse is just WEIRD!
He’s an EXCEPTIONAL player, tries things others don’t and when the come off is beautiful to see.
Hence the Assists &amp; Goals.
Class Act. Love him me!
#MUFC #ManUtd. @USER 100 per. Cent. He didn't have a good season but no one around him ran into good positions either. It's hard to pick people out when they're stationary.
I’ve sucked a dick before, I’ve earned the right to make gay jokes. Did you swallow?
This a serious question from a gardening pleb but how is he supposed to get rid of mud if it's wet? He could try using gardening tools and not a pressure washer. At least wait for the mud to dry before taking a photo for his Facebook page.
Think I've seen this meme for every town in ireland over the past week. Because is true maybe?
@USER Campaign intern needs to watch Schoolhouse Rock &amp; learn who signs bills into law. @USER  @USER You need to do research on the Missouri law. It was passed by a GOP super majority and signed by a GOP  governor even though it could not be implemented at the time.  Unconstitutional. 
It had provisions if the SC ever overturned Roe it could be implemented.
Fire on SR 512 EB at MP 5 near Vickery Ave E beginning at 12:18 am on Sept. 21, 2022 until further notice. The left lane is blocked. Cleared: Fire on SR 512 EB at MP 5 near Vickery Ave E.
@USER Ohh shit petey you're here too !?!?! @USER Yerp! Near the escalator.
Old colleague rang me today. ‘Just got to tell you this story. My friend who is 68, fit and healthy and still working as a lawyer in Melbourne has just spent 5 weeks in hospital suffering serious neurological symptoms. Doctor told him it was related to his fourth jab. 1/2. I said ‘did you tell your (GP projab) wife this story?’ Answer. ‘Hell no. You’re my release button.’ #antivaxxerlife 2/2.
Queen or Prince? @USER I am a huge fan of queen but I got to go with prince was a once in a generation talent.
@USER Turtuk village near nubra valley, leh ladakh. 

A very small virgin land.

Average lifespan above 90? @USER Oh I love Turtuk! Been there the last time I went to Ladakh. Thanks ✨.
Most people are asymptomatic in the early stages,and something like eighty percent of carriers only get mild symptoms.
So, scanning might look good,but is next to useless. How is it next to useless when it still catches people? Anything that slows its spread is useful.
@USER I wonder if he got confused while looking for three bears and accidentally wandered into the home of two bares. @USER ????
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. A way back now they privatised all the Centrelink job agencies and the whole thing just became a scam / rort.
I had a similar situation over a decade ago and it was so infuriating having such agencies actively make finding work more difficult for private profits.
Maybe that it's all devil stuff. I'm like "punk, there's Christian metal too." Lol. Yeah- I myself am a satanist and listen to metal so it dosen’t help the stereotype but like yeah. There is Christian metal and many songs who include God and Jesus in general.
I met my husband on Tinder. We love each other and we are very happy together. That's awesome! Congratulations!
@USER Heading to Stove for anniversary dinner, which is next door to Northern Lights, so keeping my fingers crossed. @USER Fab, happy anniversary ?
I can say with hand on heart my opinion has nothing to do with gender, but for many, many years, I've found the writing, acting and effects in this show to be utterly cringeworthy. I remember watching an episode with the Slovene(?) aliens, around the time when people were absolutely raving about the brilliance and originality of the revival, and it was literally an entire 45 minutes of fart jokes.
The gold rush, the Melbourne real estate crash, Japan invading Russia, discovery of the XRay and who could forget the coronation of Tsar Nicholas II? how old are you??
@USER What now lol. @USER My jaw is clicking when I open my mouth and the bone is having friction against the joint. Been bad since yesterday afternoon.
Bangladesh: Openly critical of India. 
Nepal: Embroiled in a border dispute. 
Bhutan: Limiting Indian tourist access. 
Sri Lanka: Rajapaksa ousts pro-India incumbent.
Afghanistan: Americans are rehabilitating the Taliban. 
Iran: See above.
Pakistan: Pushing forward with a concerted diplomatic offensive. 
China: Making ingress into Indian territory by building infrastructure to change facts on ground. 
But at least watching Jaishankar give tactless aggressive responses to foreign dignitaries provides bahkts enough material to jack off over a “strong India”.
Wonder what happened to his “look east policy”, I’m assuming planning guided tours to Kashmir is taking up all of the foreign ministry’s time. Canada: Telling their citizens to not travel to India seeing current situation.
Frenkie de jong has turned down beans on toast for his tea tonight and has opted for cheese on toast instead …… yes you get what I’m saying!!!
I know about as much as the other cnts on Twitter who claim to know what’s going on ?‍♂️???? @USER Beans would have been better for him as there’s a lot of fat In cheese even though it was probably Edam.
Its absolutely shite. Right thanks for your opinion stated as fact. I thought it was incredible and thoroughly enjoyed my time there. Perhaps you and I have different things that interest us eg I enjoy reading, learning and creating, and you enjoy banging stones together.
wwhat's the pattern called at Myer?
Edit: it's Wild Fur You Australiana version lol. Go to lalalandahop.com.au I just looked at the bottom of the cup lol.
got my wisdom teeth out and am very sore ? @USER Hang in there sweetness!
@USER Blocked. @USER  @USER He'd walk into virtually every team in the league.
Will they go up again? URL  watch this it will help.
Cashless Bail MUST be REPEALED!

Judges need discretion to weigh dangerousness.

Criminals shouldn’t be able to chop up tables &amp; walls of a McDonald’s, swinging the hatchet wildly at customers, &amp; be released from custody before the fries get cold.

We must take back our streets! @USER  @USER New York City is lost. Put a fence up along the Hudson and keep Snake Plisken on speed dial for emergencies.
@USER  @USER Name of this programme anyone??
Loved watching his docs growing up.. @USER  @USER Hi Fissyomi, this series is called The Mating Game, it explores the extraordinary range of courtship strategies animals use to win over a mate, from deserts to oceans &amp; jungles to freshwater habitats! You can watch it on BBC iPlayer, we'd love to hear what you think!?✌??
It’s too late. One in every five Aussies will get it. I also agree it can’t be stopped but still worth slowing it down until vaccine becomes available.
9/11, no matter what you say or think, that was absolutely, 100% guaranteed... An inside, controlled demolition based, Governmental job. a conspiracy that big, being kept quiet for 20 years, is ridiculous.
that’s a harsh reality check on hindus, most won’t take nicely. Not sure why she would say this as a political leader she has to ask for votes. Not all politicians say whatever they have to say just for the votes. Some have actual cajones and know when they have to speak up.
Adolfs brother worked in the shelbourne. Blindboy Podcast about it, fucking hilarious. Blindboys hot take that Hitler copied the laundry company's logo would be hilarious if some people didn't take it seriously. 
We had numerous posts about it on /r/ireland after the podcast, as if it were established fact.
@USER Can it just be branded as electronic music and then differentiate by calling it good or bad? @USER Not really.
In ONE WORD, what prevents most people from succeeding in music? @USER Trends.
@USER  @USER Many complaints r reported against officials of Immigration staffs in th Indo-Bangla border of Sutarkandi, Karimganj Dist of Assam 4 their utter misbehaviour wid both Indian n Bangladeshi nationals. Kindly investigate n take necessary note of it. @USER  @USER Please !
@USER Congratulations Alex, plenty of game time is the key mate!  All the best… unleash ? @USER Thanks very much Rob. Hope you’re keeping well ??
>They'd just seen their government announce a partial relaxation already, with about 760 high school students allowed to return from China to Australia.
i don't follow the logic of allowing secondary but not tertiary students to enter
surely both groups carry a similar level of risk, and while high school started five weeks ago, unis are only just returning now, and students would be anxious to be able to start ASAP 
and from an economic perspective i would expect revenue from tertiary students to be much higher than that generated by secondary students. There is no logic. Logic and politics don't mix.
Stupid. You can't spell stupid without tape.
Have you ever been roasted by your Bestfriend? @USER Every day.
"As an effort to further the inclusion, lanyards were given out to those who bought tickets, on which there was a special section for writing one’s pronouns. This was a remarkable touch that a lot of people very much appreciated."
No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. >No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. 
Considering it costs you absolutely nothing to write down your (presumably cis, given your response) pronouns, what's your issue? Takes ten seconds and you can forget it's there. I don't see why you'd ever care.
Given the inherent networking nature of these events, you may we well stick down pronouns along with your name. Literally no reason not to, and to be annoyed by that is stupid.
Writing down pronouns may seem stupid to you (again, presuming you're cis) but it can make things so much easier for any trans members of the community in attendance. 
It's not for you.
I would never have guessed such a beautiful shot could have been taken within 50 miles of Bradford. The Yorkshire Dales are within 50 miles of Bradford...
Now that the dust is settling on Munster staying in Melbourne, can we revisit the fact that the Dolphins, Tigers or ANY other #NRL club were not supposed to be making any offers to Munster (or Anasta as his manager) until 1 November 2022. This whole thing was tampering and reeked of salary cap shenanigans. At no point did the other clubs have the right to talk to a player under contract for another whole season. The system needs reform and strong penalties for these types of actions.
Probably listens to ur conversation lmao. I mean say what you want about Apple, there’s plenty to say, but Apple takes security pretty seriously.
Congress seems inactive in Gujarat, but it is silently going to villages and towns and trying to convince people to vote against BJP: PM Modi. @USER Old school.
Sorry RTÉ but with two SA teams I have to switch to the SA commentary. See you at half time.

#STOvBUL. @USER The SA commentary has just announced that the referee is Irish.  Great.
@USER Not a fan, giving questions out before hand enables the candidate to obtain help from others. I’m in favour of giving the questions to the candidate while in the interview rather than asking the questions. @USER  @USER Nothing wrong with asking for input from a support network. I worry about those who don’t ask for support when needed. 
Understand worries about preparing false narratives, however if it isn’t built on foundation of truth should be able to spot with gentle probing.
Ben Mendelsohn just quietly sitting on my train this morning and no one else recognises him, the man has played the most iconic scumbags, done Star Wars and Marvel, and just travels as a civilian in Melbourne. @USER Lawrence Fishburne was staying in same hotel in Sydney and helped me with my crossword in the hotel bar. I had no idea who he was &amp; asked what he was doing in Aus. He said filming a movie. It was the Matrix. (My friend was in it too, she played the woman in red dress) nice guy.
The NFL manipulates it’s games just enough in order to get the best product out of their season because they are a business with billions of dollars on the line. This is just a fact?
If i have to guess, Infosys, TCS or Wipro. All three have offices in dubai in knowledge city, along with 7 other indian firms that i know off ( plus mine ). No way to be sure.
BTw...we got an internal memo last week prohibiting any traval ( unless absolutely required ) via transit hubs like BK, Dubai, KL or SG.
Would it be a good idea to require would-be drivers to do a few months of cycling, before they were given driving licences? @USER Only on bendy country roads without a hard shoulder.
@USER I zoomed in on book titles first, I'm such a nerd :). @USER We hope we passed….? ?
I don’t follow AFL, (as well as soccer or rugby or union or any other ball sport).
I wouldn’t know half the teams in the league. I don’t care who wins or loses. I hate how it takes up half the newspaper on a Monday, and was excited for electronic news- so I can skip past it. 
I wouldn’t recognise a single player, and never watch or listen to a game. Actually I don’t think a sporting game has ever been watched by either myself or my kids in our house. 
We play sport, we are all good at sport and all games but don’t care to watch others play it. I've never watched a football game in my life. Used to play touch footie though.
I like watching tennis.
Why Indian aunties have weird obsession to know when we will get marry or when we (married couple) will conceive a child? @USER Rightly said.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER That is a beautifullly preserved old station, I could hardly believe my eyes. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It is Indeed ?
I got a Christmas card from an Indian takeaway. I think I’m going to get shares in deliveroo.
Yet strangely the seas are not rising in Sydney Harbour. or anywhere else including the Maldives  URL , this headline is a scaremongering farce.
the whole concept of gita is so badass. so much wisdom for just arjun convincing him to fight given by badass vishnu himself who must have a million other ways to have his way leading to the vishwaroop has to be one of the most epic moments ever written. Yep, when I completed the whole book I was in love with Krishna and wanted to be with him forever in heaven.
Post your Top 4 films of 2022 ranked so far ? @USER 1.RRR
2.RRR
3.RRR
4.RRR.
I got into deep shit  for saying this as a kid, it was explained to me at the time that it was an oath/sweary word  that was derived  from "the blood of christ" not as in eat my body, drink my blood for wafers and wine, but the dripping blood as he was tortured and was dying on the cross, representing the sacrifice made, So as George Carlin would call it in his seven words you cant say on TV, its dirty, but only part of the time.
Side note this was from a family where  a ex-coal-miner grandfather would frequently say 'bucking' with the same context and vehemency as fuck,  eg) "bucking hell!" or "bucking television!", that was perfectly accepted because he didn't actually say fuck, your chosen deity forbid you actually fucking swear! I was told it was a contraction of “by our lady”, ie the Virgin Mary. So technically swearing, but the BVM’s view on the matter has not been recorded so I can’t say whether she minds.
Wake the fuck up Australia, you're getting robbed. Yeah it's those bloody dole bludgers we treat like criminals for being out of work, not the government siphoning billions to their mates.
Hitter didn’t die the way history says. Pitcher did tho.
Download oyo app.
Search a hotel.
Book it.
I don't know this may work.
OYO app may crash on seeing an Indian with a foreign girlfriend. Do it at your own risk. They told me we can't book a same room.
Not to mention the ID issues.
Road traffic offenses arent criminal offences as such. 
This is not legal advice but I don't think it would be on your vetting anyway. 
I got a copy of my stuff and the penatly point stuff wasnt on it. Thanks.
@USER Good news for “Luxenbourg” for Arc as long as rain keeps away it should be fine A class act should have been unbeaten only one mishap when he stumbled coming out of the stalls in 2000 gns at Newmarket did really well to finish 3rd Now back to his best  @USER @EUtopean. @USER  @USER  @USER The weather looks pretty promising Reg.
Racism in action.
Everyone should be treated equally. The colour of someone's skin shouldn't be relevant in court. Ethnicity should not matter. You don't get to destroy another groups culture and living for dozens of decades then say "It's time to stand equal!".
"you're going to have to look for the cat with your pants off". This needs some background information.
I'd respect him more if he didn't send India down the Soviet path to collapse instead of the South Korean path to growtj. No thanks
 URL 
Atleast the indian government didn't force our women into sex slavery for the Soviets. Rather be poor than deal with this shit.
@USER You are badly due a wash! @USER True that ?
Is there anyone else on twitter today that didn't watch any of the pageantry on the TV. @USER Me. No telly. No paper.
Looks like a lacewing, nothing to be worried about.
 URL. Quite the beneficial insect, too- often sold in garden stores.
&#x200B;
Much better to use a heap of these guys than spraying poisons around.
@USER Im so proud of you. I think its going to help your bipolar a lot. Congratulations. Im here if you ever need me. My dear friend, Never Ever Give Up. The miracle is right around the corner. ❤❤? @USER Thank you so much for taking the time to just be there, you have a friend here if you ever needed me, this job is what I needed, I feel so amazing l, all the stress of my old job was killing me.
Breakeven Thakuva peti vunte bagundedhi kadha ? #godfather ante budget koda baga control chesukoni. @USER Bro Godfather own release.
I think I am the last of a dying breed. I much prefer bar soap, as opposed to liquid soap. @USER ???
Would love to see your  @USER pls share in the comments ??? @USER  @USER I don’t own any but definitely working on it ?
Heavy metal is the best medicine ? @USER For what?
(2/4)…the Navy has been involved in more than ten major conflicts and countless smaller battles to ensure security, democracy and prosperity for the American people and for the international community. (3/4)  Best wishes for a Happy 247th Birthday to the Unites States Navy and thank you to the awesome Sailors and Veterans who have manned her ships and stations, and to the ever-faithful Families who have enabled them to serve!
Someday I'll buy myself a rolex oyster perpetual datejust. It’s a great watch. My dad gave me his vintage one as a gift to me.
Here’s us wearing our favorite watches at my wedding...
Loved the first year of the URC.

South African teams have literally changed the game.

Brilliant. @USER Yes agreed @thepaulwilliams, the URC will have a different focus next year and hope the Welsh regions get the support they need from the @WelshRugbyUnion.
@USER yes you are. ??? @USER You are going to lose your crush?
@USER The way I am in total denial about how old he is because I won’t cope. @USER I don’t want to think about it but everyone is saying Gould is going to take his role and I canT COPE.
How none of my reddit posts ever get guilded. I'd guild you if I wasn't poor, my friend.
Only if they care about 'your way of science'.
Even if proven wrong, there is always the 'Morarji Desai' approach. And what is that?
We've been told not to travel and I've some eejits being like I'm not cancelling my holidays I just wont tell work and come back in and I'm like...I fully hope you're struck down over there (we have a work from home option like). Same thick cunts will be giving out over the health service not being able to cope when they're the exact fucking people who will have actively played a part in the virus spreading quicker
I'd stop interacting with someone so fucking thick.
@USER Hi I wanted to ask if we can still email for the DLC? @USER Yes you can. ;).
Why are so many world leaders absolute dickheads?
> Did you hear? There's a natural order
> Those most deserving will end up with the most
> That the cream cannot help but always rise up to the top
> Well I say, "Shit floats". Because they're the ones most willing to kick others off the ladder and say whatever it takes to win over people who aren't paying attention.
@USER Could be worse. I have a friend that wears flipflops in snow. @USER Haha!  You’ve never seen my barefoot snow adventures?
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER Untill, the body tells you - "inner peace".
#AnCailínCiúin ? Best Irish film of recent years, no doubt. @USER  @USER Gan dabt  ar bith!
@USER Maybe he trying to attract you like this way..? @USER Why should I be attracted to him after scolding me?? I blocked him.
@USER Thanks for these comments today Tracy. Needed validation after a heavy morning talk fest ? @USER Good to hear ❤️.
9/11. Sorry US brothers, but your government (like any other) is willing to sacrifice thousands of civilian lives to keep the war economy going. So did they do it or just let their guard down so it would happen?
@USER Khairiyat. @USER  @USER I wnna listen once ?‍?????
Also were outside it... Sealing off the Irish Sea would be far easier thannthe North Sea.
@USER Saves you what, £2,50?? @USER Was about £1.61 all in the jokers.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Melbourne summer 2019-20 climate summary
"Both daytime and night-time temperatures were generally close to average at all reporting sites in Greater Melbourne" 
According to the above, temperatures were around normal and rainfall was above average. Maybe you are already used to above average summers from the past few years, so a summer in line with the historical average feels cold to you? Or the increased rain made you perceive the temperature as being cool due to less sunlight?
@USER Racist Traitor. @USER  @USER Come on then, Laura seeing you and your fascist ilk have done nothing for the veterans, for the last decade, why the false interest now?
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER Can be your boy friend.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations Anne. ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Alanna it’s wonderful.
@USER We prohibit the sale of free tickets to public events. However, now that the event is over and the tickets can no longer be used for entry, they may be sold as memorabilia. Since Queen Elizabeth II's funeral has now passed, we are no longer removing these items. ~Kim. @USER I still think it’s disrespectful.
What fear mongering? Media has been pretty tame in their reports on the virus. If the coverage of the coronavirus was like an unidentified snake in your backyard, most of the Australian reporting runs like this:
>"Phwooaah! Look at the snake! It's brown. Like an Eastern Brown, one of the deadliest snakes in the world! Look at it! Ooh! It's coming closer! I heard there was one that bit the dog next door yesterday, and it DIED!!! Ooh, it's coming closer to us now! Oh, I've never seen such a vicious snake! Oh, it's moving towards the dog now. Phwooaah!"
Instead of giving more sane and practical advice (like instructions on what to do when you feel I'll, looking out for your elderly relatives and neighbours, having a plan when you get sick, the importance of washing hands/not touching your face, etc).
I’ll internally question everything and put pieces together in limbo without saying a word to anyone. That’s why ppl be scared to come to me with bullshit. Foh. @USER Ain't no one getting over like a fat rock on you that's what's up. ? Good morning as well.
@USER Hi, we have replied to you via direct message. Please check for more details. Thank you. @USER Just getting replies only and not getting support for the same.
You'll fit right in! 
Welcome home! :). Aww thank you!
@USER 99p for handling ?? @USER Can get brass cheaper than that up north.
We cultivate hope differently across cultures, classes, religions, and gender.

Place is the context from which our agency of hope emerges, for the marginalised and also for the privileged. 

(read on) 1/4. For the privileged, acknowledging that things are hard and speaking up about it is easy. This can be an example of how they cultivate hope.

However, the same cannot be said of those at the margins of society who may simply pacify their adversity and oppression.

(read on) 2/4.
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER Chick-fil-A, Jimmie John's, Hobby Lobby, and Home Depot.
@USER where. @USER Pl gurden pune.
My mom has been beating the ‘you make less money in Germany so you need to move back and earn more’ drum since I landed. She just asked my rent and I think she will stop pestering me now that she heard how much bang for my buck I’m getting. @USER My mom sends me job advertisements from where I grew up as well. Might be less about earning more or less, but about desire to have the kids all closer. Might be the same with your mom.
My conserve roof blew off thanks to that wanker Dennis.
Still, the even bigger dick splashes at Aviva home insurance have yet to do anything about it. Send the twats a tweet, I did with Curry's and got a response immediately. Seems to be the way now as they don't like bad press.
@USER Only if I run out of toilet paper. @USER  @USER Trouble there is that the paper is already full of shit.
Gets jealous when I go to work. How else we gonna feed them? They never think through stuff like this do they.
More than 8 Crore content creators in India ??
Only around 1.5 Lakh of them are able to monetise it ? @USER Less than 500 cricketers in india(A grade ) , but ur namesake inspite of being in top 200 never able to monetise it.
i like this lady. she had no right under 'ancient law.' fucking fantastic. low level drug crimes means pot right? Yeah I read a story about her growing weed for her own use aswell.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER The thing about this is we can’t blink now. We left him take Crimea and he has returned for more territory. I think he’s weak. I hope his own people will bring him down.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Not in Melbourne.
Coffin. Haha.
@USER Your complaint no. is PWD/2022/10/324946. @USER Update pls.
HIDE YO KIDZ, HIDE YO WIFE CUZ CORONAVIRUS GOIN' ROUND RAPING ERRYBODY. Haha, damn I forgot about that one.
@USER Rumours are the Unite Birmingham hotel is fully booked with Tory’s for conference week.
Even Lens suite. @USER  @USER With all the favours he’s done for them over the years, it’s only right that they reciprocate.
@USER I think if im right in saying it was  @USER and @MacMate_. @USER  @USER  @USER Ye mate. F channel rise up.
@USER When will the segment on Stolen Docs occur? The newest factoid is that 45 didn't even keep an index of any kind on the Classified Docs he stole. There are missing Classified Docs in the "Wild". With National security at risk, shouldn't you care? Why are you so scared? @USER  @USER Treason is a tough subject. They'll never bring it up.
It a a good thing he is spending all this money in wedding.
Read it as, Politician infuses Rs. 500 crore in local economy.
It will create lot of job and employment.
Edit: it is a light hearted fun comment. Ahh yes the trickle-down economics. If you feed enough oats to a horse, it would eventually shit enough undigested oats to feed the birds.
@USER er, if that's a wild fox, that's so abnormal that you should be concerned and cautious.  it may be ill, as in  . . . rabies . . .. @USER No rabies in the uk, fortunately. It looked healthy. They’re just scavengers and came in to have a look round.
3-0 and we secure a legends spot! VAMOS @ENCE. @USER  @USER expected.
If Kamala thinks a bus full of migrants outside her home is a crisis, she needs to see what Texans are living with EVERY DAY. Sorry the immigration crisis finally makes you feel uncomfortable, Kamala. IMAGINE HOW WE FEEL IN TEXAS!! @USER Have another drink.
I’ve never been very liquorice at puns so I won’t bother trying. Deep.
The fitout is $343,945.60
 URL 
Let's all take a moment to soak in the irony of most of parliament being the kind to rake inner city latte sippers into the bin with spent grinds. Conservatives projecting; it has more spreadability than corona virus.
I'm not very sexually driven, but a i think an oddly cute look on girls is a oversized hoodie with short shorts on, idk why, and no not like a vesco girl, I would rather stab my eyes with forks. *tesco.
@USER The whole ‘right to exist’ is a religious zealous mantra seeking to shut down contrary views. RTE Is new post pandemic trans version of Godwin’s Law

I wanna know where these activists were when other minorities faced real violence/verbal abuse threats &amp; their right to exist? ? @USER  @USER MIA Sajeela .
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER I was lucky enough to not watch OZARK until this year so I got it pretty much all at once. It took me two months. Two wonderful months. I loved every character and their “badness”.
I upset people every time I point this out but Murdoch is going out of business because people aren't consuming the "news" from his fiction factory.
Not only that but Australians don't pay attention to news in general. And when we do it's for the sport or the weather. We're the least likely to consume news in the Western World, and even then we're the least likely to believe what we read or are being told.
The influence of media outlets on the Australian public is well overstated. We simply don't care. You see you say that but then every time I make the stupid decision to check the comments section on any politics or climate change post on facebook, it's inundated with people making the same Murdoch talking points. For a country that supposedly doesn't pay attention to the news, we sure do a good job of parroting what one of the largest media monopolies on the planet want us to parrot.
If I send a photo to your phone on Whatsapp, will you reply to me? ?? @USER Yes so send to +14042467953.
मेरे देश के युवा रात 12 बजे तक बार मे नशा करने वाले नहीं थे, मेरे देश के ऐसे संस्कार नही थे कि अर्धनग्न होकर बच्चियां इंस्टाग्राम पर नाच करें

ये सब बॉलीवुड ने सिखाया है,, 
इसलिए इसका बहिस्कार करता हूँ??yes/no. @USER  @USER yes
सर.
I think they can get points on their licence for that but if you didn't get the plate your just have to try and forget about and get dry using those hand dryers at work. Yeah I didn’t get their license plate, they weren’t driving slow. Its ok though, karma will do their thing.
Oh DAMN. #WerewolfByNight was a LOT of fun and had a VERY big surprise for comic fans.

Watch it before it's spoiled for you. I need a Werewolf by Night special every year please Mr  @USER ??️?
@USER ? Tell him, weird is cool!!! From all of us here in Twitter world. @USER I will tell him ? thank you.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Classy morning with roses and jasmine ??? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected My Dear Ma'am,

Very Very Good Afternoon ????

Thank You and Same To You Too Also ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
@USER That depends on the way one interacts with the other, right? Besides, a person behavior depends on the context. One me be arrogant online, but may be a timid person in real life. One may be arrogant with their acquaintances, but may be a sweetheart to their friends and family. @USER You have explained this very well. In fact, many people look at our  image and judge everything, but in real life, not everything is like that.
Nothing to see here just a Chinese vessel mapping the ocean to prepare for a possible china America war. More likely looking for the undersea internet/other communication cables so they know where to cut if/when...
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. It wouldn’t be difficult to program this into the program, so you’re likely correct. Google probably figures they don’t want to ask you right after they did a bad job.
Muslims are the few sane ppl left in this country. Oh please, let’s not get carried away with such moronic rhetoric!
@USER  @USER  @USER We are heading your way on Sunday Neil will Craft be open? @USER  @USER  @USER We are - a soft re-opening with homemade Quiche, Rosscarbery Sausage Rolls, cakes, scones and Stone Valley coffee. 10-5pm.
Lights it up. This. Source - me. Tried one in Yaxley, Cambs.
I have a bidet so can ration toilet paper pretty well but I guess a lot of people can't :P I can understand why people might stock up on it if they're worried though, they'll eventually use it so not really a waste of money plus it's one of my worst nightmares to run out of toilet paper and I think I'm not alone in that fear. I typically do one poo each day, first thing in the morning before I take a shower. I wipe once then finish cleaning myself in the shower. A pack of toilet paper lasts me literally months.
@USER Celtics dik riders incoming

Real rankings:
BI
JB
MIDdleton
DeFrozen. @USER  @USER nah u right , BI took a big step last season.
Liberal side don't like to talk about this (I'm a liberal too) but it is a fact that Indian muslims have changed a LOT in the last 25 years. Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
I lived in Lucknow when I was young. That was a very liberal muslim city. You'd never even see a burqa in Hazratganj. Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
Among my muslim friends from back then, there is a shift within their families as well. My friends (all 30 year olds) are mostly irreligious. But their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar". > Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
> Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
> their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar"
Do you have any sources for these?
@USER Nope! Retraining at 39. All the best! @USER Thank you so much ?
Fuck me! The Russian Gollum has announced partial mobilisation! @USER You should have heard the Russian bloke screaming on Radio 4 ? and I thought out politicians were batshit!
@USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations! ? @USER  @USER  @USER thanks Lia!! ?
Bumping privates. Happy cake day!
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. Setting a good example. Congrats.
Whereabouts. Bump. I'm also interested.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER ??
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER Yes and very easy. I think I made my appointment for the next day.
My childhood ass whoopings. Can you write that in more than four words.
Can we expect Indians to start getting tested by government soon? Unlikely.
@USER Fandabidozy well done??? @USER Thanks so much. ❤️❤️??
How many roads must a man walk down? The only word I know is grunt and I can't spell it.
@USER We don’t need this crap here!  @USER time for an inquiry in to media diversity and dominance. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes an inquiry from a left wing government to crush all media that isn't blatantly left wing because we care  about diversity and democracy ?
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER How awesome!
Us to book two rooms as they still practice "unmarried couples not allowed" ancient rule. How does one say "Odisha by Road" when this is a major problem.For a young working couple coming to say Mayurbhanj where do they stay?? Why not activate the Dak Bungalow circuit. @USER  @USER @DM_Mayurbhanj.
Direct intervention by the parents. Parents are allowing their little dears to be social terrorists. 
One spit on me once near Ballymun a very long time ago. He was about 10. I ran after him; caught him and frog matched him to his parents which was only around the corner. 
I gave him two choices: parents or Gardaí. 
She clattered him in front of me. "TELL THIS YOUNG MAN THAT YOUR SORRY?" Wack! "WAIT UNTIL I TELL YOUR DA'. YOU'RE IN FOR SOME HIDIN'" Wack! 
She was very apologetic. When she closed the door, she bellowed again: "spitting on people! Have I taught you no fuckin' manners. ". Good response but realistically this just isn’t an option 99% of the time. 
You may be on your way to work or whatever so may not have time to go chasing little rodents. There may well by upwards of 20 of them in the group, chasing after one could be asking for even more trouble. Their parents may take exception to you thinking to discipline their child and have a go at you over it etc etc 
All in all what’s required is for people to raise their children not to be scum.
@USER  @USER Available from…? @USER  @USER Sent u a pm thanks.
@USER I agree and I Chelsea and Jamus reminded me of that exact couple too, I think Sherri was her name, I forgot her husband’s name. @USER I couldn't remember the names. I know it was shocking to watch. If social media had been popular then it would have blown up.
it's not a real courtroom, both parties agree to let her act as a dispute settler. if either side doesn't like the outcome, they can just go through a real court. That’s not true at all.  She is a real judge and the rulings are legal.  They can’t have the case they represent in her court active anywhere else.
मुसीबत में अगर मदद माँगो तो सोच कर माँगना,
क्योंकि मुसीबत थोड़ी देर की होती है और एहसान जिंदगी भर का।
 @USER @ACP_SURINDER_K. @USER  @USER 100/ सत्य वचन इस बात का गुनहगार मै खुद हुं मैने भी मद्त मांगी थी मद्त करना तो दूर उस बात का लोगोने ढिंढोरा पिट दिया.
Pedigree is the worst shite to ever feed your dog, or if you're gonna feed it shite at least feed it cheap shite so you're not both being done out of it. Pedigree is produced by Mars, there are far better dog foods for the same price range. Purina make a few, I can't remember the specific names. Used to work in a pet shop years ago but honestly don't feed your dogs Pedigree. URL 
Good site showing how alot of the popular brands product absolute muck
Royal Canin sold as premium here is actually crap.
You can smell the desperation. You can smell the Lynx Africa.
@USER Oh well done Julia - it looks fabulous! @USER Thank you, I love ricotta!
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER American Patriot.
This man is so completely focused towards engineering riots. Gotta stick to your strengths.
@USER  @USER  @USER Thabk you for this. Loose cattle were put back in the closure yesterday. If there are others still loose, can you please contact 303-817-1143. @USER  @USER Will do!
Hot chocolate from Greggs. Maybe tomorrow on my way to work.
To busy raiding the ABC for whistleblowers who outed the government's corruption. Besides they are too busy surfing through everyones metadata for the political dirt units. "Sic em Mate".
@USER  @USER 10. @USER  @USER  @USER OMG,u Robot.
@USER Maybe if journalist did there job &amp; stopped giving SF a free run when interviewed there would be no need for dossiers. They are playing the Trump &amp; Boris tune, populist politics. We see in USA &amp; UK two countries that are now a mess. Stop listening to waffle dig deeper. @USER  @USER Oh Comon.. I stopped watching political debates n interviews because they thrashed SF n gave easy rides to the rest..
j waiting for that one text. @USER Ok lemme text you?‍?
We went to Glasgow and nearly got stabbed by some fella in his 40's. why? what did you do to the poor guy?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Is Sally still on the Gravy Bus? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER She’s on something, that’s for sure ????
The tv series Limitless was really enjoyable although most people didn’t bother watching it. What was it about?
@USER Sharing this way provides insight and can definitely help others in a similar situation so well done ? @USER Thanks AnneMarie that’s my true hope ?
I’d fire him for going to Greggs period. Period? This isn't American Problems friend.
@USER I'm happy for you. Congratulations!!! I hope you will reach more people because you're awesome. @USER Thank you so much ? ?
@USER  @USER I’m so glad you got away Miss Taylor and it ended well. You’re story is an inspiration to women all over the country and they need to hear it ? Plus you’re my favorite on 1010xl. ☺️. @USER  @USER Awe well thank you!! I really appreciate that!! ♥️.
@USER Many congratulations. @USER Thank you sir.
If a family member becomes infected and self isolated, isn’t it too late for the rest of the family at that stage? Because they would’ve been in close contact before the symptoms showed up. 
Say you’d kissed your partner the night before and then next day they have symptoms. Won’t you be guaranteed to get it too? A partner is far more likely to be infected - because of things like kissing. But siblings/parents etc are less because not kissing. But obviously they are definitely at risk because living in close quarters is known to spread things like this - look at norovirus. 
I would say the whole idea of not quarantining the families unless the exposed is showing symptoms is because if theyre not showing symptoms (coughing, sneezing etc) theyre probably not spreading it very far. You have to exchange bodily fluid to infect, so the idea is probably (hazarding a guess) that they aren't exchanging saliva etc. Will be interesting to see when an adult is diagnosed if they quarantine their partner.
Know what, I’m long overdue a trip to the lakes... especially with some helpless sheep. There is a guy - parks under my window every Sunday night at 8pm -- his sheep is in the back of his van could just hear this BAAAAAA,, BAAAAAH - til I worked it out. every bloody week like clockwork. Cumbria is funny. And he was getting a lamb kebab from the takeaway opposite. and took his pet sheep.
Jimmy neutron an donkey Kong have the same haircut. Why would you say that with no context?
Bullshit, that definitely didn’t happen. It’s a joke you dim witted spastic.
Bitch please, everyone knows it's Bernie Sanders that is triggering riots. Naaah, its Nehru.
@USER The house jocks would have loved it. @USER  @USER Racist! ????
Happy Wednesday, #Resisters and all Non-MAGA! 
To grow your account -
24-hr. Vet/Follow/FB all who Retweet.
#FollowParty #FBR #FBPE #connectblue. @USER Good morning #Resisters. Have an absolutely awesome day. ?
@USER Sorry to hear that. We certainly understand your concern. Request you to share the order details so that we'll have this checked and assist you accordingly. (1/2). @USER This is nothing about sorry guys.
Any idea why Infosys futures is at 24-25 buck discount to spot? Dividend is only around 16 or so? @USER Buyback and dividend ???

Why are they emptying cash reserves in such conditions for nothing?

Isn't this the time to stay in cash and grow by takeover due to precarious interest rate situation.

Something isn't right!!!!
I pray the day will come when  'The Daily  Racist Express ' will get their karma too. @USER I shout A big AMEN.
@USER Nice one, a difficult year. @USER Thanks so much David.
@USER So terribly sad. @USER There are only ~30,000 Mincéirí in Ireland so every family is struggling with suicide. It’s a desperate situation &amp; we really need to have the British &amp; Irish governments address why kids are choosing not to live because of how settled people are treating Travellers.
David Miscavige, the chairman of the Church of Scientology definitely murdered his wife and is getting off scott free for it. Him and his wife got into a pretty heated argument in 2007, and she hasn’t been seen since. Lawyers hired by David claim she is still alive and devotes 100% of her time to work at the church of scientology, which is why she hasn’t been seen since August 2007. In 2013, a former member of the church had filed a missing person report that was closed after a few officers had “spoken and seen Mrs.Miscavige”, even though there’s no evidence whatsoever of this meeting. All missing person’s reports now are turned down since this investigation is forever closed. The church of scientology is screwy anyway, I wouldnt doubt it.
“Everything that exists is born for no reason, carries on living through weakness, and dies by accident” – Jean-Paul Sartre. @USER Everything that exists born for a certain reason.
@USER  @USER  @USER I'm from Limerick. Limk Reg Hosp Ed has been like that as long as I can remember! And closing Ennis and Nenagh EDs resulted in the predicted clusterf**k. Friends, who have been in the ED, have had horror stories for years. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Same in Olol Drogheda. Navan, Dundalk, Drogheda cottage hosp and Monaghan all downgraded. I spent Sunday evening and night on a trolley in a+e. Scanned Monday morning, 2 brain aneurysms sent to Beaumont. Was grand till last night. Nothing happens at weekends apparently ?
@USER Not a fan, giving questions out before hand enables the candidate to obtain help from others. I’m in favour of giving the questions to the candidate while in the interview rather than asking the questions. @USER  @USER Nothing wrong with asking for input from a support network. I worry about those who don’t ask for support when needed. 
Understand worries about preparing false narratives, however if it isn’t built on foundation of truth should be able to spot with gentle probing.
The self-perpetuating warming effect we have put in place. Things are thawing, specifically tundras that trap methane and other greenhouse gases. The more they thaw, the more the earth warms, so they will thaw even faster. If humanity's carbon footprint ended entirely right now, the earth would still continue to heat up. This will kill off the ocean phytoplankton and stop 2/3 of all oxygen production on earth. All other oxygen-breathing life larger than a tardigrade will die. All life relying on a food chain based on plankton will die. In all likelihood, very little multicellular life will continue to exist on this planet.
And all that will happen even faster if humanity continues to exist. Calm down Greta, earth will be fine, we won’t be, life will go on.
Sore throat and fever full family ? @USER Please consult doctor ?
Face masks don't help you from catching it said on tv tonight. It only stops from spreading if you have it so no need to wear one. But they're doing it in China so it must work. 
They also slung cats and dogs out of the top floor of apartment buildings, so we should probably start doing that too.
And people that just leave milk/ice cream/random meat on random shelves to go off. They should also be part of the roundup for punishment! What kind of punishment? Death, or just re-education?
"The winner... is... Sydeney". Who could forget that moment? ?
Gm Gm anything is possible ☀️. @USER GM thanks for the reminder ?
Firstly 28 isn't old, so don't tell yourself that! 
Dating websites in India are a mess, however if you had to pick Bumble might be the best of the lot. Bumble doesn't allow men to initiate a conversation once they match, only women can. Aisle isn't bad, but it's got an awful interface and most things need you to pay.
If you are looking for a serious relationship, matrimonial websites are the best because you know that people there are looking for something similar. I would strongly suggest creating the profile by yourself and being in control of it. Most websites allow a filter for who is handling the account, seeing profiles handled by parents/friends can be an no no for people.
Hope this helps! Thanks for the information! Hope I can navigate all this well!
Like they way the theft of the wood and for use as burning in her home is skipped over so easily. Sure look it, I've planted a few saplings in its place your honour. Should she have chucked em in the bin or something?
@USER Happy blessed birthday my boy. @USER  @USER ??❤.
@USER They are verified. No more, no less. @USER Ah.
@USER Good Morning Forgetfulness!  Have a fantastic Thursday my friend!?? @USER Thank you Errol.?
There is a great deal of research done on the efficacy of homeopathy, and you can google some meta studies on the subject. From my experience, (and the studies support this), homeopathy works on several ailments that main stream medicine has difficulty in treating, like respiratory diseases such as asthma, especially in children. It also has shown to be effective in reducing discomfort and pain from the side effects of cancer treatments like chemo, removal of warts without surgery, etc. 
The problem occurs when some homeopaths make outlandish claims on its cures. Homeopathy has its place in treating several chronic problems, but if people start believing it can cure cancers and the like, then they will run into major problems. So look at homeopathy as an effective alternative to some ailments that cause discomfort which main stream medicine cannot cure. But looking at it as an effective and complete alternative to allopathy will mean one will do so at one’s own peril. However, there is always the problem of finding an experienced and effective homeopath, since so many of them are just not upto the mark. Link a peer reviewed journal for these claims please.
I can understand the frustration towards Bruno Fernandes, but to HATE him and send him abuse is just WEIRD!
He’s an EXCEPTIONAL player, tries things others don’t and when the come off is beautiful to see.
Hence the Assists &amp; Goals.
Class Act. Love him me!
#MUFC #ManUtd. @USER 100 per. Cent. He didn't have a good season but no one around him ran into good positions either. It's hard to pick people out when they're stationary.
Blood On The Tracks is a great music podcast
The Parapod is releasing new episodes and is one of the funniest podcasts I've ever listened to. Only about 30 episodes but it's gold
(Berkhamsted) Revisited has a big back catalogue and is basically two early 30 something women reading their teenage diaries/emails/facebook messages etc and reminiscing about the early part of this century. Far more interesting than it has any right to be and full of nostalgia. Oh aye I mind hearing about the revisited one before, I'll have to give it a lash.
Big difference is that land is cheaper in Texas and governments dont  interfere with private property rights once zoned. Australia is a locked up country, locked up bureaucracy, nanny state laws and endless regulations that rarely achieves its objectives. From my experience in Texas is that they have a  greater desire to protect the natural beauty and wilderness values than  just about all our governments  while still making Texas the cheapest places to build  a house or own land.  We have lots of potential but we squander our opportunities because of our stupid politicians. ....yes, but here, you're not going to get shot by someone who thinks they have the right to own a military weapon, and if you do get hurt, you can be taken to hospital and treated without having a crippling bill follow you out of the hospital and having to declare medical bankruptcy; you can go to university without being laden with debt as soon as you get out and we have elections that are run by an impartial independent body, not potentially by the incumbent.
Sorry, I'll take here, thanks, over that lunatic asylum.
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER Vice President!
Just lost few of my brain cells. "The Indian gene is covid19 resistant", roflmao lost all my brain cells at the very start!
A lot of people are saying this is good without any real understanding of what's going on here. We shouldn't be so naive as to think that the lower the better because war is bad.
First of all, defence forces aren't just for fighting other militaries. They're responsible for a wide variety of tasks. They're the last line of defence in cases of armed violence. That has a few different meanings, but one of the main ones is terrorism.
Obviously Islamic terrorism has never been a problem here, but Northern Ireland has had more terrorist attacks than any other region in Europe. The defence forces are the main reason why that violence didn't spill across the border. They were posted along the border in strength and had to repel multiple attempts by the IRA to set up on our side of the border.
Also, in times of emergency, be it from extreme weather or pandemics, the defence forces can also be deployed to fulfil a broad range of roles.
They also fill in for emergency services when people such as prison guards or paramedics go on strike.
And lastly, they're generally regarded as among the best peacekeepers in the world. Ireland is a country that punches above our weight in terms of soft power and our commitment to peacekeeping is a huge part of that. The value of the soft power from peacekeeping vastly outweighs its costs.
These are all essential services that we all take for granted. However, with expenditure at 0.3% of GDP, the defence forces are critically underfunded, which has left them in a crisis. Members are not getting fair pay and they're struggling to carry out their duties. With extreme weather and covid19 on our doorstep, we may find that the defence forces are not in the position to fulfil their emergency roles.
We can still have among the lowest expenditure in the EU and increase funding to ease all of these problems. Nobody gives a fuck about Irish peacekeeping except for our local military fetishists. If your only argument for Ireland having an army is that they can back up front line civil services in an emergency then its already over. Just expand the civil defence and let the guards deal with the IRA as they have done fairly successfully since the beginning of the state.
The only real reason to have an army is to wage war, and ireland would need at least 20 times the current army to survive a determined invasion by any realistic OPFOR for more than a few days, so why bother? A standing army in Ireland just makes it easier for the (non-existant) invasion force to kill our men. 
&#x200B;
Do an Iceland and get rid of it all I'd say, keep a few tanks and guns around for the children and the re-eanctors to ooh and ah over.
Bearer Party, to the pub - quick march. Bearer Party, lift tankard. Bearer party, down beer. You’ve earned it. @USER Hey stephen, you are the king of twitter. Goodman.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. Look at this one...
Paul xxxx 2/5
a month ago on Google
I was very disappointed with this Motel when I was stranded there in the recent bush fires and had to stay for a night along with other motorists. They took advantage of the situation and charged almost double their normal rates.. I think it was a very low act.
@USER lmao can you IMAGINE the backyard as your backyard ?? @USER Better wear some earplugs lol.
Can't get it without being anti-national. Nah , everyone will get it.
Have you been to the Far East or Northern Italy for eg. ? If not then probably statistically low risk. Frankly though if I were one of your clients I wouldn’t thank you for turning up with a stinking cold or standard flu either. Yeah, I think I might cancel, I'm pretty sure I know who I picked this up off as well, and on the phone they told me they were under the weather, and I was like "we should cancel our meeting then, and you should get some rest and we'll meet when you're 100%", but then they were insistent they were okay and we should still meet, and I was reluctantly like "okay", and they turned up and they clearly weren't okay.
Not gonna lie, I'm a bit pissed off at them, so yeah, don't want to be that person!
I wouldn't be surprise if  @USER told the Premiers to drop protections ahead of the Federal election. Not make Labor "part of lockdown", Gets it both ways. Let it rip under Scott then pretend hands are tied. Premiers held out for so long. @USER  @USER He is pure evil. A bully and a narcissist. Malicious too.
@USER Just like sitting in traffic for a road paving project. @USER We have restrictions when we can and can’t hold up traffic ???
The law is designed to fast-track citizenship for religious minorities being systematically persecuted in neighboring Muslim countries. Why is that discriminatory? That’s such a stale debate at this moment. Of course caa on its own is only against Indian values but not discriminatory to any Indian citizens. The trouble is when you combine it with nrc. 
That assclown of a home minister has already said they plan to implement it nation wide. All it takes to calm the people down is to come out with a statement saying that he was wrong when he said that and the government has no plans of implementing nrc nation wide in the form in which it was implemented in Assam.
You can see how this plays out:  @USER cuts swathes of taxes, mostly benefitting better off. Loses 2024 election (sewage/care homes/economy/NHS/sewage). Labour has to put taxes up to restore UK finances. Right wing press goes nuts. Tories get back in in 2028.. @USER  @USER Ah didn't see that. Still figuring out how bankers bonus will help us?.
jack black… forever my celeb crush. @USER This makes sense….
Poundland (if I had 20 pounds not dollars). That must be the UK version of our Dollar stores haha. Never even considered that.
helping Romila Thapar buy a phone is the highlight of my month (and most probably my year). @USER It's good that we admire our great historians, her work is incredible but I personally believe that being an educated person we should believe in such things, if you could have helped her in producing new work or produce your work by yourself and much more things are there to be.
Guess we'll need to legalise polyamorous marriages then. I mean, technically you can buy a house with as many cosignees as you want.
Bearer Party, to the pub - quick march. Bearer Party, lift tankard. Bearer party, down beer. You’ve earned it. @USER I thought you hated the Royal Family !
Anyone else find it a coincidence Covid ended in Victoria a month before the state election? It’s a miracle. @USER Almost like a non existent budget surplus the LNP announced before a federal election.  See how that works?
Divorcees often go to counseling to heal from a divorce, but what about their children? Please consider them during and after a divorce, even if they seem to be doing fine. @USER One of r neighbors for whom Kate used to babysit got herself frequent counseling,but was dismissive when Kate told her that her son&amp;daughter could use some help to—it really showed.
They’ve both turned out to be great young adults but it would’ve been great if they’d suffer less.
@USER Then you got 2000 likes just talking about her post... @USER And you get a reply for responding to that tweet….
@USER CRH artist. @USER  @USER That looks about as interesting as a carpark.
♡picking randomly♡. @USER Please my middle name is randomly xx.
@USER Honestly... it makes no difference.. I have a Pixel and I don't even notice that... has no impact on usage or putting it on the table or anything... it really is not protruding much, especially with a case. @USER  @USER I concur. Don't even notice it during use. If anything, it helps with orientation of which end is up. I get new one every 2 years. Bought 6, now buying 7, trade in value of 6 is wonderful.
Coronavirus has spread to many countries in such a short amount of time that it’s a worldwide threat. Even though there is a <~10% chance of dying to the virus, it has a very high infectivity. Actual 3%.
Hah 28 is not old. Heck my mother got married at 28 and this was 32 years ago. Yes it's not usual but dont let your age make you rush into something so important. Will take care! And take my time. Thanks!
Whereabouts. Bump. I'm also interested.
I have ethical issues with Crufts. Their arbitrary breed standards have resulted in dogs with horrific medical problems, causing needless suffering. The sooner Crufts disappears, the better, as far as I'm concerned. "Pedigree" is just a more polite term for "inbred".
Have you tried just doing your actual TAFE work while at TAFE and leaving the video games for when you get home? .. can't do what's already done during class time. If you need your lunch break to work, I'm concerned for your success. ;x.
@USER Per the 2018 commuter rail counts put out by the T, there were an average of 126 people using the three Weston stations in total per weekday.  You want to build this for 126 people? @USER  @USER we want to build it so more than 126 people are using it.
Secure? Yeah. Their standards are so low that even social media sites would have disagreed to accept that terms and they can't ask the young people to give up social media just like that, they would shove that RSS flag right up their Asshole. They are shifting you to some other platform. That's why that bitch is bragging about giving up social media on Twitter. The fake call scam in Delhi day before yesterday was part of the plan as well, to get an excuse that fake news is doing damage and all that crap. See that interview about that incident on NDTV where they are coming with some more bullshit law for social media explained by some BJP guy himself. Since you can write this long comment, I am going to assume that you can read as long article as well.
GIMS is not for common citizens. It is for officers and the government. It has been in planning for more than a year now.
My almost 90yr old dad is in A&amp; E in  @USER #UHL He arrived by ambulance at 10pm having had a cardiac issue at home... WHY THE HELL is it ok to have him then sit in a chair for 7hrs (and counting) waiting 2 b seen by a doc &amp; getting more and more anxious by the minute? ???? @USER  @USER Elaine this is the norm in there  @USER can you help with this???
@USER Because she comes from a branch of economics - monetarism, aka Thatcherism - where this things produce stimulus in the economy (aka trickle down economics). Two issues (for me): a) she's ignoring current circumstances (inflation), and b) it produces massive wealth inequality. @USER Also yes, just because u save the rich money doesn’t mean they’ll actually spend it!! ?
It's great for the environment and people who live out in the bush. But being realistic, it's only a short break from when the season resumes. This is the new normal. It's only how much of it is uncontrollable. Is there anything left to burn?
Am I the only one who likes to have the tv on while I write, instead of music?? There have to be more of us out there! #amwriting. @USER Either for me.
The day im waiting for finally it came .going to write a exam which decides my future need all ur wishes ? @USER All the best bro❤️.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. Stuffs amazing. I had a serious chesty cough shortly after Christmas that just would not see to lift. I went through like 3 bottles of benylin before I switched to exputex and it cleared right up.
@USER It doesn't look like you. @USER ??
@USER Looking good? @USER Thanks bro.
I suppose that they're afraid of succumbing to it and dying. Glad we cleared that up.
Wasnt it said that the coronavirus wont survive in warm climates and that's why regions like Europe are under major threat and regions like Africa and India are relatively safe from a major outbreak ?
Or was that another myth of COVID?
Just googled it and this is the best answer I could find.Guardian
>Is it possible the warmer weather may bring relief?
Some observers have pointed to the fact that Africa has relatively few cases of Covid-19 and that this may be a response to hotter conditions there. The virus cannot take the heat, in other words.
Most scientists counsel caution, however. “The disease has only just arrived in Africa and it is far too early to tell how it will behave there,” says Woolhouse. “We will just have to wait and see.”. Viruses from bats are more resistant to high temperatures as bats produce high temp. While flying.
As for Africa, Africa is less connected to the rest of the world so fewer cases.
The Irish Traveller community lost three children to suicide this week. Ages 13, 11 and 9, all bullied to death for their ethnicity. It’s happening week after week and they’re getting younger. We don’t need thoughts and prayers, we need anger and action. @USER I'm so sorry ?
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER Happy Birthday , what a wonderful family ❤️❤️❤️.
@USER  @USER  @USER Outfits plural is setting a high bar I didn't know I needed match. @USER  @USER  @USER Yeah thongs and singlets don’t cut it in Melbourne lol ?
@USER No FATHER, NO! You can support the TRue Magisterium of the Church. That's all. This is not a cafeteria where we choose what we like. Do you or do you not condemn sodomy? @USER As an ordained priest, I took an oath to support the Holy Father and to teach what the Magisterium teaches us. Only that I reject sodomy, I reject all sins, not just one sin. God bless and best wishes to you.
Islam is cancer. It must be banned in India. P.S: I hate RSS too. It must be banned too. All religions, religion affiliated 
organizations must be banned for a decade. This is such a stupid idea we don't need to ban shit....just show people it doesn't make sense instead.... Convince them.... More and more people are turning atheists anyways.... Religion is going to have a slow death till the end of the century.
@USER Been having them for weeks now, thought it was stress or weather related. Any good remedies? @USER I haven’t found anything yet unfortunately. Just hustle through it.
On another sign, he is driving the car... On another sign, he's in a cart being pulled by a horse.
An Ainsley Chariot.
Goddamn leftist greenie terrorists are LITERALLY changing the seasons. What next? FFS. This is what happens when you don't rake the leaves.
Weak men are the most dangerous humans in the world. @USER I know many alpha males, real ones, like @roger_westhoff, @Beartxag, almost everyone I work with and the difference between them and males like you is they are quietly and utterly competent and confident where you so desperately reek and screech of Prom King Douchebaggery.
I met my husband on Tinder. We love each other and we are very happy together. That's awesome! Congratulations!
Who would have thought that the humble Henry Hoover would be responsible for our planets interplanetary diplomacy!? Henry Numatic.
currently going through a bit of an aussie hip hop phase and I think this is the only genre I’ve ever really listened to that I just can not bring myself to play in session. there is simply no way to make it work. one can not do sadism to a soundtrack of our unadulterated accent. @USER Challenge accepted.
Coronavirus is so obviously a biological weapon from the Chinese government and nobody is seriously talking about it. China has a long history of market and currency manipulation. Who could have possibly predicted that the media buzzing about a global pandemic would cause markets to crash as we move towards another election? But there was another Coronavirus in 2008.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER सत्य कथन आपका

सनातनियों को समझना जरूरी है कि निर्दोष Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu को जमानत या पेरोल क्यों नहीं मिल रही है!!??
Our old neighbour used to have a Nissan skyline he used to rev the shit out of between 5am and 6.30am every damn day. I thought it would stop when he swapped it for a land rover discovery 3 but nope. He would rev the shit out of that too and then leave it to "warm up". Where he parked used to be more or less directly under my bedroom window. He was such a wanker. So glad we moved. I don't understand why people can be so selfish.
The #stage3taxcuts blab fest continues on your ABC #afternoonbriefing #InsidersABC #TheDrum there's no other news. @USER  @USER Such lazy journalism.
song was such a banger. Is such a banger, excuse me.
@USER  @USER Happy Birthday. @USER  @USER ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ୍ ??
10/12 number 4 & 8 have me stumped. I just got 8, it's easier if you try it in reverse order.
Is it because I'm not British (though I've lived in the UK since arriving from Ireland as a young child) that I can't relate to this mass 'grief' around the death of the Queen? @USER Nah, it's very silly. Mixture of Disney and Eton.
Today afternoon I plan to boost some accounts. Let me know if you want happy friday ?? @USER I’ll do you one better. I’ll follow you.
When I was younger, was working in an old high end hotel with a preacher who was a plumber, as he pulled out a circa 1950’s rubber dildo. The opening scene to one hell of a movie.
The lack of communist women in this thread is apparent. Kaha gyi woh? She promised articles on healthcare and her lesbian sex story u/Meraxes373.
@USER ???
The video speak for itself mate. @USER Very true pal ????
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER What, the rees mogg who wouldn't serve under another prime minister after johnson? Perhaps he's going to announce his Damascene conversion to trussism.
The gold rush, the Melbourne real estate crash, Japan invading Russia, discovery of the XRay and who could forget the coronation of Tsar Nicholas II? how old are you??
Avatar: the last airbender. I came here to say this.
Nothing is difficult to attain, in this world or the other, to those who have meditation and divine Name in their life. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER ???
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
Why don't banks accept your years worth of on time rent payments?! I've been paying rent for 5 years on time without issues and it's more expensive than monthly mortgage payments. Loads of us have a proven track record of it. The fact this isn't taken into account and isn't brought up more often is horrible. It's such a fantastic solution. But the banks won't accept shit. They do, they include current rent and savings as part of their stress tests for affordability. You have to be able to show you earn enough that you can pay rent and save significantly as well as afford to live. So they know you can keep paying if interest rates go up.
Its just they also need a 10-20% deposit to cover the possibility of negative equity so the value of your house if sold in a down market still covers the cost of the outstanding loan.
In fairness both are reasonable rules.
The problem is not the lending rules, its the price of property being entirely unaffordable to begin with and if you loosen the rules it will just drive prices higher again.
Developers not building affordable properties on desirable land when they can build higher margin luxury properties instead is the problem. Its up to the planning authorities to control what gets build where and insist on a higher proportion of higher density affordable properties being built in these developments.
Lets be fair, riding up steep hill isnt casual in the sightest. Worth it for the ride down though.
There's still plenty on the RFS map ? Yeah I just had a look myself, all the ones I checked except 2 were last updated a few hours before this tweet. info on the app can be over 24 hours out of date sometimes for the really minor stuff.
They only do really frequent updates to the “oh shit” fires because it’s all manual, it’s not an auto updating live system
Most of the ones I checked were last update around 9am.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. Maybe they want you to think hes dead when the real conspiracy is he is still alive.
Comment down your favourite SENA century of  @USER ? @USER  @USER 123 at perth.
@USER There was plans, they've been bumped for the fire ? ?? @USER Don't blame ya. Tis miserable out!
@USER Blocked. @USER  @USER He'd walk into virtually every team in the league.
It’s a fucking disgrace that we can’t protect the doctors and health staff working in hospitals.
Why don’t they have all the protective equipment?
Edit: I know a doctor who works at Westmead hospital that has complained to management that they can’t get a hold of masks. Have you thought about the cost of rich people who don't like paying their taxes LMFAO just get private health you pleb so you don't have to deal with the public. /S 
Probably because it's just a flu.
Washing my hands more. Smart one, you are.
Well, the courts shouldn't be asked to do the duty of the executive. Courts can, and have, interfered when the executive does not do its duty. 
The SC has always been super strong and activist when it was the UPA in power. As it should be.
Bobde has other plans I guess.
@USER Three days now with cluster headache, no energy and see so much to be done but f.uck it, we have to look after ourselves xx. @USER Take care. A dose of a thing.
An amazing bloke, his reports from Aleppo should be compulsory listening.
Edit: just bookmarked that episode on BBC Sounds. Brilliant- ill check them out.
I'm pretty sure you are meant to cook it first... Boil it before you cook it. It gets rid of the salty taste.
If Kamala thinks a bus full of migrants outside her home is a crisis, she needs to see what Texans are living with EVERY DAY. Sorry the immigration crisis finally makes you feel uncomfortable, Kamala. IMAGINE HOW WE FEEL IN TEXAS!! @USER Have another drink.
@USER  @USER For what it’s worth, the best way to work a belly off is calorie counting. @USER  @USER It is just some beer, most of the fat has been worked off by running behind Boyzilla who is getting damn fast now!
everyone from Lincoln simultaneously: 'Did you know the Cathedral was once the world's tallest building?' 
Source: from Lincoln. I love the board in the Cathedral with the various incarnations of the Cathedral over the years. "That one burned down, fell over and then sank into the swamp, but this one stayed up!" (until the spire fell off).
The Stage 3 tax cuts are both unfair and completely unaffordable. 
They were a bad idea at the time and a terrible one now. @USER Over to you Sally. Albo can’t be held to ransom by the past (Gillard) and the threat of broken heart rhetoric. There are more important issues at stake!
Fire on SR 512 EB at MP 5 near Vickery Ave E beginning at 12:18 am on Sept. 21, 2022 until further notice. The left lane is blocked. Cleared: Fire on SR 512 EB at MP 5 near Vickery Ave E.
Binge watching Vox channel ke videos with the tastiest chips of all time ( Blue vale Lay's, not looking for a debate here) is a healthy coping mechanism. Green Lay's are bettet.
What sort of Missus are you looking to replace her with? LOL! She's priceless, though she may not say the same about me.
Who of my friends here is going  to the cricket Sunday?

TBH I am expecting crickets as you are mostly a football mob. @USER I'll be working it.
The secret is to count your calories for everything you eat. Calories in - calories out. If you eat an actual portion of ice cream, that’s maybe like 120 calories which isn’t too bad. But if you eat the entire tub or a full bowl you’re in trouble. If you’re looking for casual snacks: veggies. I do celery with low calorie ranch, cherry tomatoes, broccoli, or carrots. I can eat so much for a relatively low amount of calories and it’s very satisfying. Also cut out all soda or drinks except water. Counting calories as a strategy to lose weight generally never works.   
Plus your eating low calorie ranch,  which is probably worse for your health at the end of the day.
@USER Sir I'm UPSC aspirant and i will be give my first attempt in 2024 plz give me some suggestion plz. @USER Kya tumne baat Kiya unse ?
Class. Another Irish sub. Any news on when reddit.ie is launching.
@USER Hi I wanted to ask if we can still email for the DLC? @USER Yes you can. ;).
I need to make a jar of pickled onions and also visit the beach. Don't send help, I can manage both. You are on your own at the beach.  I will panic@home.
@USER I just said this. Off mic dude be moving kinda funny but he out rapping everybody who's hating on him. @USER  @USER Can’t hate a man that gets jumped by 20 heads and still doesn’t get dropped or his shit snatched. 

Dudes not catching any Ls really. He really going against the grain and making it work.
Migrate if you want to but just know that you're merely running away from the problem. Every sensible voter leaving is one less vote to defeat BJP. And don't forget one thing, once shit hits the fans, even the fuckers who claim India is doing great under Modi will also migrate and next thing you know, you'll be surrounded by the very shitheads you were trying to avoid. Those shite heads will start eating beef and sausage once they get out. 
Hypocrites the lot.
We've been told not to travel and I've some eejits being like I'm not cancelling my holidays I just wont tell work and come back in and I'm like...I fully hope you're struck down over there (we have a work from home option like). Same thick cunts will be giving out over the health service not being able to cope when they're the exact fucking people who will have actively played a part in the virus spreading quicker
I'd stop interacting with someone so fucking thick.
Friend of mine was defrauded on his credit card so called to confirm that none of the purchases he made were his. One of them was for a large bill at Harvester. The bank made the point that the spending was in line with his own spending, and thus an argument broke out regarding whether he was the kind of man who would eat at Harvester. Typical banks; happy to dictate to you, their customer, what they think constitutes fraudulent spending of your money, but not willing to hear what you know actually is fraudulent spending of your money.
This reminded me of a story my dad told me when I was younger. My dad and uncles owned an Asian grocery store, one with fruit, veggies and a butcher in the back. One day (some time in the 90's) a guy goes up to the front counter where my aunt was, pulled a knife on her and tells her to give him all the cash. Naturally, she starts screaming at the top of her lungs. So my uncles in the back start running out with giant cleavers. The guy freaks and starts running. My dad was closest to the front of the store, runs out grabbing a durian and hurls it at the guy.
So yeah, don't mess with Asian grocery stores if you don't want to get maimed! Durians kill people in Asia, never walk in a durian area at night as that’s when they fall out of trees when ripe. Also holy shit did your dad throw the durian at him and got him?thay shit would hurt.
Trump is addicted to amphetamines. I'm fairly certain he's on a Michael Jackson level prescription regime.  Sometimes he's slurring, sometimes he's fairly sharp, he's almost always kind of confused.  Might just be age related, but remember his doctor from before he was President, the long haired weirdo who had his files confiscated by a lawyer and two thugs?  ( URL )  And then Trump wanted "Dr. Feelgood" to head the VA?   URL 
Trump likes his pills.
@USER  @USER Flop avesh khan still in playing 11 !! Should be dropped. @USER  @USER  @USER Agar Harshal fluke bowler wc me select ho sakta he to avesh series me kyu nahi khel sakta.
I was in A&amp;E yesterday. I cant go into details but I was treated inhumanely. They couldn't give me the care they should have but wouldn't admit that either. I also saw 4-6 elderly emergency patients on beds in the corridor, no lovely ones able to stand with them :(. @USER That’s awful, so sorry to hear that. I hope you’re doing okay.
Ben and Liam always seemed awkward. I really like Sally and Erica, I think they’ll only keep getting better. See, I find sally and erica really awkward and forced. Maybe they will grow into it.
got my wisdom teeth out and am very sore ? @USER Hang in there sweetness!
Indians giving random foreigners undue importance since 1800s... Saar, he's saying something I agree with so upvotes to the left.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER Spout what you like. It doesn’t take a nuclear scientist to see that Scottish people are much more able, smarter, caring, clever and compassionate. Beats me why anyone would want to be governed by the parcel of rogues that is Westmonster.
@USER What do you do when your dick is angry? @USER Beat it into submission…..
(2/4)…the Navy has been involved in more than ten major conflicts and countless smaller battles to ensure security, democracy and prosperity for the American people and for the international community. (3/4)  Best wishes for a Happy 247th Birthday to the Unites States Navy and thank you to the awesome Sailors and Veterans who have manned her ships and stations, and to the ever-faithful Families who have enabled them to serve!
Lol. They said they will demand resignation of HM. 
Aiming for the stars I guess. With that attitude. We still would have been slaves of britishers.
@USER  @USER Ring joe on Monday, thats insane. @USER  @USER No thanks not for me, am just one of hundreds that went through that system this weekend.
@USER Saves you what, £2,50?? @USER Was about £1.61 all in the jokers.
Cheap supermarket bacon is overseas pork, processed here into bacon. Cheap shitty product, buy local. I make mine out of Pork Bellies, hang it in the garage.  It's probably fairly salty. I used to use Nitrite to get it pink but just use plain salt now as the butchers don't like giving it out.
@USER Good morning Lee!! Today is s new day! @USER Yes it is.
Pyaar ka dusra naam kya hay? @USER Dhoka.
@USER  @USER That’s a border poll (when it comes) losing strategy! @USER  @USER People like Bison don’t care about the economics, they just want to be part of the UK, even if it means having to  live in caves and subsist on nettle soup.  Their ‘precious union’ is sacred to them.
I think they can get points on their licence for that but if you didn't get the plate your just have to try and forget about and get dry using those hand dryers at work. Yeah I didn’t get their license plate, they weren’t driving slow. Its ok though, karma will do their thing.
In unrelated news, bidet sales are through the roof. wish bum guns were a thing in Australia, so much better than toilet paper.
@USER I have never seen or heard such hypocrisy before.  They can fly illegal immigrants in the VERY early morning anywhere they want but fly them to a Democratic run sanctuary city and they say horrible things about you.  Duh!  I’m confused with their logic? @USER But I won’t call them names I’ll leave the name calling to Stephen Colbert and the Democrats.  It just reflects on them.  For every action there is an opposite and equal reaction.  It’s a physics law.
Is amazon reading whatsapp messages or Google keep notes?
I'm getting ads (in Boost) of the couple of things that were on the list to buy for household saamaan.. The list had five things.
Or it's just a coincidence they have lightening deals going on. Cookies. Every companies is sharing your data.
When #Trump stood in blazing heat and humidity for two hours handing out diplomas and speaking and took assistance to walk down an incline

The media said he wasn't fit

#JoeBiden falls down standing with a bike Media says he's a fit man

See the stupid? #JerseyDeservesBetter. @USER Hahaha, trump needed two hands to lift a glass ???? If trump got on a bike, the bike would collapse ?
@USER Carly may Kavanaugh again? Need to reach out to her employers. Ridiculous apology. She’s only sorry she’s been outed. Disgusting. @USER  @USER Sorry, did you just suggest trying to get someone fired?
@USER Superstar ? @USER I have learned from the best and I had the support of an excellent team.
The Corona virus was man made to cause the economy to collapse. Thus giving the Democrats a chance at winning the 2020 election. Really?  You think that’s “too logical to ignore”?
Hello everyone. Today is my 73rd birthday. Haven't heard from family. Can I  please get some birthday likes? @USER Happy birthday  Barbara.
I buy UHT milk despite what people say about it, it tastes creamier to me and I probably use 1 litre every 2 weeks. I live on coke zero so other than the rare times I have cereal or a coffee I drink none. I used UHT for years when I lived a long way from a shop.  Never had a problem with it. I used to get through a liter a day in coffees though.
The ridiculous thing is if they are the flat tie on kind they don't protect the wearer so they are useless for people to steal. Hospital tie-on face masks are designed to stop medical professionals infecting their patient [edit.. and protect the wearer from blood/fluid sprays]. Only the form-fitting P2/N95 rated type protects the wearer [from inhaling particles/viruses].
Edit: source: I have spent many years doing filter/respirator R&D. Some of my papers are cited by 3M (a leading respirator and surgical mask manufacturer) in their technical manuals. It would seem the right mask to have personal reserves of ought protect in both directions. That is, protecting: the wearer; and others from the wearer.
So for example, if you have a form-fitting disposable P2/N95 mask with a valve this is not going to protect others from your exhalations (although, from personal experience, I've found valves great for bushfire smoke purposes).
It looks like, for example, the valveless  URL  fits the bill. Noting the explicit 3M™ Cupped Particulate Respirator 8210, P2
> 8210 can also be used in certain applications against some bio-aerosols. such as, influenza virus
Happy to have your expertise bear on any of that.
Brexit is just a bunch of rich cunts fucking over a nation so they can avoid the incoming EU tax laws. I mean paying as few taxes is possible is a good thing especially if it’s not even ur citizens benefiting.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hello bro iam also facing same issue on my poco X2 .. so what is next your move... Plz help me. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER this my insta I'd DM me bro @ms__akshay.
@USER If am correct you haven’t reply his/her message that’s the reason why he/she told you that you are arrogant. @USER I thought the same thing.
No one in your country sought to abuse Australia publicly yes, but Australians, such as myself, have certainly been on the receiving end of snide remarks and hateful comments about it across the Tasman. 
That being said, that man left Australia with an open mind, to backpack through the subcontinent and was then radicalised backpacking through Europe. He was radicalised by social media, not by fucking Grafton, NSW. Having spent a bit of time in Grafton, it probably didn't help.
@USER Im so proud of you. I think its going to help your bipolar a lot. Congratulations. Im here if you ever need me. My dear friend, Never Ever Give Up. The miracle is right around the corner. ❤❤? @USER Thank you so much for taking the time to just be there, you have a friend here if you ever needed me, this job is what I needed, I feel so amazing l, all the stress of my old job was killing me.
This fellows face pisse’s me off so much.
Edit: ‘. '.
Bit ridiculous that a by-election isn't called. Why? The replacements list has been utilised.
Who's Peter Andre? Exactly!
Wake the fuck up Australia, you're getting robbed. Yeah it's those bloody dole bludgers we treat like criminals for being out of work, not the government siphoning billions to their mates.
What’s happening in Iran?!? @USER Hopefully, the end of four decades of a theocratic banana republic.
Dude, more than half of this country is finding and struggling with their relationships.
You like her, ask her out.
Maybe she likes you and reciprocates the same.
Maybe she doesn't like you that much and it will let her know you better.
Maybe you think she is different than you imagined.
Your thinking and opinions change over time.
I say, ask her out..
And about the age difference, it's hardly four years. It's upto both of you to decide.
If you're both comfortable, Go ahead and cruise through the long term. Thank you so much for the comment and advice. I am most likely overthinking this.
If the Irish people actually wanted change to a more Nordic system as Bernie envisages, they'd have voted for the Greens or the Soc Dems.
A vote for SF is just a vote for 'let someone else pay for me'. Our selfishness is just based on monetary lines, not racial or ethnic lines.
Ireland is a very different country to America. Here we have the 2nd most progressive tax intake in the OECD with the top 10% contributing 60% of our taxes.
 URL. I'm not sure about that comment with the greens. The Nordic systems rely on exploitation of vast amounts of natural resources to fund a lot of what they do. If you copy pasted those systems into Ireland we'd have a massive shortfall in the budgets.
Peter Obi submitted GCE Degree certificate and I have been cracking my head since yesterday to understand what exactly they mean by GCE Degree? Na question I ask oh. @USER GCE degree certificate ke? Nothing we no go hear from Naanu!!
@USER Is the track wet Ian? @USER Wet? Almost flooded in some parts of the track. Ian.
Niggas be acting like they never saw a thick girl before? @USER Thickness.
that’s a harsh reality check on hindus, most won’t take nicely. Not sure why she would say this as a political leader she has to ask for votes. Not all politicians say whatever they have to say just for the votes. Some have actual cajones and know when they have to speak up.
@USER My beloved Mayo ?❤️. @USER It was pretty stunning today.
Still think these ought to be nuclear powered. I did, but then someone explained they need constant restocking with supplies whether nuclear or not so it doesn't make all that much difference anyway.
@USER Surely it’s “wantaway” a word that only gets used during trade period. @USER That’s word #2.
Anybody got a parking pass they won’t be using for Sunday’s Titans-Raiders game? @USER If the Titans man up and win this weekend, they’re right back in it this season. It’s way too early to write them off completely! But my confidence is low after what we saw the past two weeks ?

Colts vs Chiefs
Jags @ Chargers.
Zero press conference in 6 years. Much statesman. smh. Wanna see a statesman, look no further than Angela Merkel. No wonder she did not shake hands with Modi. Modi does Mann ki Baat. Hindustan mein ek hi insaan ke paas mann hai. Baki sab to chutiye hain. Modi's problem is his bloated ego. That's what made him wave at no one in Dal Lake and use his raw wisdom in inventing new radar technologies. At the same time, he is a thorough coward. He does not want to face people. He does not want to face questions. He lives in his echo chamber of his flatterers and occasionally caters to modia.
I find Modi to be a very insecure person, scared, vengeful, delusional to an extent. He has another side though, which he presents to his audience,.. Brash, resolute, ambitious, flamboyant, dragon-slaying savior of people image. It is a projection. Such a projection would attract most people. He is a populist. One needs to though focus on what he does not do or does not say. That tells about the real Narendra Modi.
jaysus please don’t trap me here. Sorry, you’ve been infected, we must contain the spread of Carlowism as effectively as possible lest we all catch cases of mediocre GAA teams. A hit team is hunting down Saoirse Ronan as wee speak.
Where we fail to see our earthly processes of rule as attempts to convey and symbolise eternal rule, they inevitably degenerate into the exercise of power and contested power. Of course such symbolisation can sanctify abuse, yet we now know that that is the lesser danger. And we know that if Putin were to try to out on a big ritual show it would manifest as vulgar, ugly and threatening. Not so, our British rituals, which convey a solemn looking to the eternal. Lived truth  will symbolically out: it manifests itself as beautiful.
What's the container you've got it in? Nice find, btw. It's my head torch but it looks awesome with the lighting.
You know, I thought about this for a couple minutes, and I really don't have one. Man that's sad... Well what’s your not so secret kink?
@USER what does that mean? @USER  @USER Have you eaten 

Gujarati language.
How they are still getting people on it is beyond me like there are only so many people in Ireland who would participate, HOW is it not the same people on it the whole time. The village pedophile a few towns over from me has been on it twice or 3 times now. Apparently he says he goes in and spends like €50 or more on scratchers every week and nearly always gets at least 1 winner. Then he waits until he has at least 10 winning cards and sends them all in at the one time to up his chances of getting on.
These are setts not cobbles. That's not what I was referring to riding over. If you knew the area you would get that.
You can never go wrong with more shitter paper. You'll miss that when you run out. Just waffle stomp your shit down the drain, lol.
Its not always the father. Yes unfortunately it can be either parent that leaves. Sometimes even both.
Wow so much praise for Nehru.
For the past 70 yrs nehru has been blamed for pretty much everything , everywhere including randians.
So what happened randians?
Downboat me , but atleast give a good reason. ffs. Dont downboat and run away like a coward.
Edit: So downvoted for supporting Nehru. Just as i expected from the 40 randians.
Edit: LOL, about 40 confused randians. Haha. Buddy you took sarcasm way too seriously whenever redditors said "It's Nehru's fault." It is the very opposite of it whenever people said that, because whatever shit current government did they never take blame on themselves but on the past or others. Every shit move this govt made, they had no other choice but to falsely blame on others to justify their own act. Hence that joke.
@USER No bother to her has mammys genes. @USER Not so sure Gillian….am in Dublin this week minding Jack… #DistractionIsGood!
j waiting for that one text. @USER Ok lemme text you?‍?
This is really sad. These guys are effectively neutral and independent and provide primary news to most other media organisations. That’s why the real people who control this country deemed they had to go.
The NFL is rigged. 
I mean, there’s too much money on the line per game for there not to be someone wanting to fix it. And it’d be so easy to: you don’t need to even tell the players, just have a coach make a bad call in a critical moment or have a ref make a call a certain way on a close play and that’s it. 
The New England Patriots are one of the most successful franchises in history, in one of the wealthiest parts of the country that has a ton of disposable income and a love of football. That’s no coincidence. 
The browns moved to Baltimore because it was more profitable for them. Super Bowls are blowouts or close games based on the highest payers’ time slots in the game. There’s billions of dollars flying around every Sunday for a third of the year, you know someone is going to want to make sure it gets in their hands. All valid points.
@USER A beautiful partial melanistic Leopard. There is another partial melanistic one at Pench -Madhya Pradesh too ? @USER Good info.
u/VredditDownloader. beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!


Download via  URL 


Downloadable soundless link


Audio only


First link is active for 6 hours. Mention me again if it is down

Info&#32;|&#32;Support&#32;me&#32;❤&#32;|&#32;Github.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Christ, Dan. Grow up. Politics isn’t Spurs v Arsenal.
@USER  @USER  @USER Still at the pub? @USER  @USER  @USER Apologies for the delayed reply, I believe the Doctors have wrapped up for the day. But hopefully we can help out tomorrow!
Dr. Claw is Inspector Gadget. 
Edit. Dr Claw is human inspector and Inspector Gadget is obviously a younger “clone” of him. I love this!
But why?
It is one of the most touching bereavements!
That bring unremitting torments
To one's soul!
And fill the heart with thoughts, fair and foul!
I know not how long 
Shall I bear this irreparable loss,
That hath hit me strong
To the core,
A memory, that gathers no moss! @USER A memory of a flower is not in the essence that lingers somewhere in the palm of hands, but whiff of fragrance nostrils caught, with the humble wind! It's the petals that are now dry, the prickly thorn! A bubbly rose now exist in some other sphere.
This is the alternative,  URL. Cant see Mary from whishtmeath running around like that lol.
Shepherds pie is made with lamb. Good to hear the real truth.
You need the book to tax it, explain to a guard and you should be grand, legally they can not take it, however dont be a prick or they might not believe you and cause you a bit of lost time. Only bought it yesterday though. On a Saturday so tax office would have been closed anyway.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Welcome!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER FiFi,

whilst not for a moment questioning the accuracy of your comments - publicly praising the people who employ you in such fulsome terms - could be construed as somewhat self-serving. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I'm not employed by them.
@USER The whole ‘right to exist’ is a religious zealous mantra seeking to shut down contrary views. RTE Is new post pandemic trans version of Godwin’s Law

I wanna know where these activists were when other minorities faced real violence/verbal abuse threats &amp; their right to exist? ? @USER  @USER MIA Sajeela .
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER I work for Cleveland Clinic Florida and have my Bivalent COVID vaccine scheduled for 2 weeks from now. Just got my flu shot today and want to wait a few weeks. Last time I got them both together (booster + flu) and had elbow bursitis for 3 months in that arm!
@USER You are badly due a wash! @USER True that ?
@USER Happy birthday Fatboy !! @USER Thanks Reda ‼️‼️?
@USER Hpy b,day ? @USER Thank you ?
IMO there are far more important and pressing infrastructural issues to build right now than a pipe-dream high-speed rail to places that are sparsely populated. A metro for Dublin or any semblance of good public transport in Cork would be a start. Exactly, it's this wish washy fantasy stuff that distracts from the realistic projects like Metro, Dart expansion and underground and the expansion of rail and bus services in Cork.
Why is this fantasy a headline grabber while any time the projects above are mentioned it negative Nimby articles?
@USER  @USER  @USER My energy bill has gone up with British gas from £68 to £242 how is this possible please advice. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It hasnt your dd has not the same .Dont do it .
@USER ? Tell him, weird is cool!!! From all of us here in Twitter world. @USER I will tell him ? thank you.
Delhi police doesn't allow eve teasing, theft, rape.. They still happen. Police cannot stop everything. Haven't you seen the video of person aiming gun at Delhi police? Haven't you seen videos of Delhi police men escaping while rioters torch PCRs with stones. The govt. Should give Delhi police shoot at site orders if we expect them to control this violence. I wasn't aware that all those theft and rape happens while the fucking DCP stands by the side and watch. I was also not aware all those thieves and rapists after commiting the crime carry out a "peace" with permission of Delhi police.
@USER the song or the place? @USER Song.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER No in the slightest.
@USER  @USER That comment sounds so creepy in any context outside of a record lmao. @USER  @USER Hahaha exactly what I was going for.
I'm out with my family right now for dinner, it was a good day, maybe one of my best bday, thank you to each and everyone of you who wished me, it means a lot to me, I love you all ❤️. ichate to be that guy but kal firse sab kuchh vaisa hi dull and boring life will come back and haunt you.
Guess we'll need to legalise polyamorous marriages then. I mean, technically you can buy a house with as many cosignees as you want.
Admin rights on my office PC. 
Pretty big deal in a school, that. Admin rights on the whole network
(school IT techie).
Nobody cares about black history month including a large percentage of blacks . Where'd ya get your stats from, my friend? Do you have a specific percentage that you can give us along with the source you got it from?
Us to book two rooms as they still practice "unmarried couples not allowed" ancient rule. How does one say "Odisha by Road" when this is a major problem.For a young working couple coming to say Mayurbhanj where do they stay?? Why not activate the Dak Bungalow circuit. @USER  @USER @DM_Mayurbhanj.
Ffs.
These posts are utterly deplorable. You have zero right to know anything more than the fact that a case has been identified. You have zero right to know who, where, age, sex, school, place of work, place of residence, nothing, unless the HSE deems it appropriate for you to know, in which case, the HSE or the patient will be in contact with you directly. 
Otherwise, cool your fucking knickers people. Hah, imagine the bedlam if they said it was a Dublin Bus driver.
@USER Wow, Jacob Rees-Mogg must be wetting himself with happiness. Back to those longed for Victorian era days, where the rich live in comfort and luxury. Everyone else can just f**k themselves.
Liz Truss, prime minister for the 1%. @USER  @USER And this is before they start dismantling the worker and environment protections that the EU gave folk.
What new band are you listening to? Ooh I like that one! Always on the look out for good music. So what new band are you listening to? :).
If Muslims are prone to crime, and Indian police is biased against Muslims, then why are only 16% of convicted prisoners are Muslims?
That statistic does not show that Muslims are disproportionately criminal. Most likely because of they constitute only 14% of the population? (According to wiki).
What happened to png mafia. GIFMAFIA.
Loving these meta posts. Came here to say this, really rather enjoyable.
@USER ???????? bravo Calvin, you shook the bushes and some dumb asses fell out ? @USER ??? now that’s funny.
@USER Wow. Nainital - Bhowali road? @USER Na, Mukteshwar road.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. That's the one.
Putin bragging about modern nuclear weapons whilst sat in front on 1970s phones. Knob! #skynews #RussiaInvadedUkraine #Putin. @USER They looked like the ones in the Stasi museum in Berlin.
@USER Surely it’s “wantaway” a word that only gets used during trade period. @USER That’s word #2.
Queen or Prince? @USER I am a huge fan of queen but I got to go with prince was a once in a generation talent.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu कहते हैं शरीर की मृत्यु यह तुम्हारी मृत्यु नहीं, शरीर के जाते हुए भी तुम इतने के इतने ही पूर्ण हो । #Bapuji #AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
We are a loooong way off from worst-case scenario. Best thing to do is wash hands incessantly, avoid touching the face, avoid big crowds and keep on keeping on. Postpone Italy vacations. Imo panic is more dangerous than corona as it stands. A long way off? Looks pretty grim. Every effort to contain has failed and lots of people will die.
@USER there's literally zero shame in writing "B was the first time I became aware of X, as it turned X mainstream", especially compared to "B was tbe source of X". @USER There never is, of course experience tells me that its entirely dependent who and what you are.
@USER Personally, the rankings are flawed for all three tours. Pgatour is rated too highly, European tour too low and LIV should have realised it would take time for them to get on it. Think the picture will be clearer in 12 months. @USER  @USER How can LIV expect ranking pints when they play a completely different format (easier) than the rest of the other tours.
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. Well you can't have a 'cure for cancer' because cancer is an umbrella term for many diseases. That's like saying about cure for lung disease. Also several forms of cancer can essentially be 'cured' due to improving therapies.
I think bhakts are seeing the change in Indian politics and will change sooner than you think. Yes I have seen many bhakts transform. They were just blindly following but some of them are very frustrated inside. They do understand Modis hypocrisy but are too afraid to admit because their own ego comes with it. 
But if one shows clear evidence they can change. I have changed the mind set of my entire family. And it's a big thing because I come from a joint family and two of my family members are in BJP (you can imagine the hate on me ;) 
I'm very happy to say but except two or three most agree with.
Don't know about other small towns,but here it will be about 10 mins of trucks and tractors. So the people at the beginning will be home and eating spuds by the time it gets to the finish line,  so maybe we can just get it done and over with??? I think people are more concerned about the 47 billion tourists on o'Connell street and in temple bar. Not the 47 people at the Cashel parade.... which is why I'll be going to the Cashel parade.
On another sign, he is driving the car... On another sign, he's in a cart being pulled by a horse.
An Ainsley Chariot.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Laughs humorlessly in Melbournian.
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER Chick-fil-A, Jimmie John's, Hobby Lobby, and Home Depot.
Someday I'll buy myself a rolex oyster perpetual datejust. It’s a great watch. My dad gave me his vintage one as a gift to me.
Here’s us wearing our favorite watches at my wedding...
@USER I think you must be mistaken. NI are lagging behind terribly. Suella Braverman said so, and she's the nation's top lawyer and a cabinet minister, so she must be right, mustn't she? @USER  @USER No. Keep this in mind: whatever the tories say, the opposite is the truth!
You can just say fuck. We know what the f*ck you're saying.
>The laws of mathematics are very commendable, but the only law that applies in Australia is the law of Australia. Sshhh!  They only like quiet Australiens  ( URL ).
As a guy, I hate watching sports. I think its the most boring shit ever, its like watching paint dry. Id rather play than watch. I can't understand how you can watch like 2 hours of guys playing something and get excited over it. Yes you can hate on me all you want thats just my opinion. Same, I played soccer in a team when I was younger but hated to watch people play it cause you dont do anything.
This nation doesn't have proper infrastructure facilities for athletes.
Even my home ground Indira ghandi municipal stadium was spoiled by meetings conducted by cheif minister from the time of NARA CHANDRA BABU NAIDU until now that was until YS JAGAN MOHAN REDDY. I will wait patiently until my day 
Currently I was an underdog without a district medal
Definitely I will win Olympic gold and silver or bronze and I will be the fastest man on earth

I WILL WAIT UNTIL MY DAY.
@USER Least he’s got the minerals too face the fans while them rats are smoking cigars somewhere. @USER He didn't meet them out of decency, he met them as he was scared of a protest outside his house. Fans in America should be protesting outside the Glazers houses too. 
#GlazersOut.
Next time put the warm water in a plastic bag and wipe it over your windscreen! Did not have the time at all this morning.. I can feel it already.. Its going to be a lovely day!
What’s the Greatest Double Album of all-time…. @USER Jesus Christ Super Star.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER  @USER Good for you!
Sometimes I just want to cry for no reason. @USER Us?
RTÉ coverage:  URL 
Connected to the confirmed case reported yesterday. Must be a teacher on school trip.
You know those absolute, defining moments of being young that you just remember here forever, I had one here. 
Myself, sister and parents sat in the front garden of this place with a live band. Late summer sun going down, live music, just life suspended as it was in that moment. happy cake day.
@USER Brady hasn't got a clue. @USER  @USER Viney might though.
@USER I’ve already got one Diggs, a second one would be pretty amazing. @USER  @USER It'd be fun. But you telling me you wouldn't want two all star pass rushers on the edges?
Idea of cheating excites far more people than you know. This is true. If the concept of marriage did not exist, the concept of adultery wouldn't have also existed. Both are redundant appendages of another time.
@USER Did they like the chocolate tools? @USER No. They licked them and then put them back ?
I don't even understand this one. IKEA isn't actually a word, its an acronym for the creator and where he grew up.
If it stood for something norse or whatever (Tron is a good example that seems ridiculous for a western audience due to the film franchise but actually means something different) then you could forgive the parents here, but fucking Ikea? It's a made up story.
Put SVG to the back for TV purposes. #Bathurst1000. For TV purposes they've kept him in the shootout. #Bathurst1000.
What is most surprising about your favorite NFL team through 2 games? @USER Patriots defense is better than I thought it would be.
ஆடு இல்லாத தமிழ்நாடு அமைதியா தான் இருக்கு!?

Verified ? @USER Very correct.  Only I miss daily comedy  !!   All times happy is good for health but i miss only Because of Mr Adu Ammamalai, sorry come back soon and make TN happy.
@USER You need to get yourself a hunting knife now that your camping in the wilds of Ireland in your camper.
It’ll come in handy for opening those packets ? @USER Ain't that the truth ?
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. To be fair. Depending on what they have trademarked if you don’t use it and don’t defend it you lose that trademark.
See McDonald’s loosing the trademark to BigMac in EU.
Not just Aldi - there were a remarkable number of enough shelves at Woolies when I went shopping this morning - a lot of canned food and dry stuff empty, or almost so.
Stupid people panicking for no reason. If areas get quarantined for a few weeks (or god forbid months) because this thing hits you'll be eating nothing but your words.
Who will be stupid then?
With the amount of money that has been donated, it's impossible that a cure for cancer hasn't been found yet. Personally, I think the cure must be hidden somewhere and only the wealthiest people can access to it. Its not like money could be mismanaged, or that cancer is simply incurable and the money is put to treatment research.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Beautiful. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER That's actually more important than being beautiful.. A biodiversity indicator, as none saw it till now in my area.
We're still going to have people coming in to work tomorrow with bad colds and flu 'powering through'. Coughing, sneezing and spreading germs everywhere and infecting their colleagues. Not to mention what this will do to the morale and panic levels now that we have Corona Virus to worry about. 
It seems to have become the norm now that unless your leg is falling off, you need to show up. It's fucking stupid, usually people are incredibly unproductive when that sick and they end up making a rake of other employees sick which in turn has a much bigger impact on productivity and company profits than if they had stayed at home in bed and properly recovered. 
We can't be calling in sick when we only have a dose of the sniffles or relatively minor ailments but some common sense from employees and bosses would go a long way to curbing the spread of this virus and the spread of seasonal flus in general. 
You'd hope that most large companies are developing action plans and counter measures at the moment. Protocols on what to do if members of staff are ill, asking people to go or to remain at home, encouraging employees who don't need to be physically present to work from home where possible. 
I'm mostly talking about standard, non customer facing office jobs here. I do understand for a lot of unfortunate people, this would be impractical due to a lack of sick pay allowance or the nature of their job means that it can't be done remotely. Then there's the huge percentage of people who simply can't afford to miss even one day without suffering financially. 
We really need a plan for this in the event that it becomes as serious as Italy. We have nothing to lose by preparing and containing. I deal with customers at a front desk every day (not in healthcare btw). People are fucking disgusting - they will come in if they have colds, flus, mumps(!), chickenpox, infections... I've seen it all. I wish I was exaggerating. They will literally come in after their doctor's appointment.
I'm always doing the hand-washing/hand sanitizer thing, but I have no escape from how careless and unhygienic the public are.
The way Americans pronounce the name ‘Craig’ should be a crime. @USER The way the Brits pronounce “we surrender” sounds so sweet though.
Last place in the #LIVGolfBangkok event should def have to go with  @USER to sample some of that extreme local cuisine. ?? #LIVGolf. @USER  @USER That was great to see that - so much more interesting broadcast.
@USER I have never seen or heard such hypocrisy before.  They can fly illegal immigrants in the VERY early morning anywhere they want but fly them to a Democratic run sanctuary city and they say horrible things about you.  Duh!  I’m confused with their logic? @USER But I won’t call them names I’ll leave the name calling to Stephen Colbert and the Democrats.  It just reflects on them.  For every action there is an opposite and equal reaction.  It’s a physics law.
Tina started bitching about sumbul's work in kitchen

Gautam: she needs the work rn and let her do it on her terms. Maine Jo kaam diya, soch ke diya.

??????? @USER well said.
Is there anything I can say other than “the President rode his bicycle into a tree”? @USER Your President is a Klutz!
I'm trying to read reddit with one eye  . Which eye?
I've been told from people I know that the supermarket shelves in Sydney are empty of many essentials. Is it true? Not the supermarket i go to.
It's not the jedi way. Dew it.
@USER  @USER  @USER Your complaint no. is PWD/2022/10/325139. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks hopefully you will take action soon.
Apologies for jumping in, and downvote it all, if you like. I’m not Irish, but seeing as this thing gets global: We have been through bird and swine flu, the pneumonia, and now this. Not to mention Ebola. And here we all are. It’s not like we have a plague on our hands and as far as I know it’s not the Middle Ages. I heart all the people who lost their loved ones. It is a great tragedy. But isn’t it getting a bit out of hand? St Patrick's Day parade has been cancelled before due to foot and mouth, so it's not an overreaction to do the same this time. It's only sensible. Also regardless of how much you heart me, I don't want my parents to catch it.
@USER I don't think it's as dichotomous as that. Lots of men start up new relationships with the women they're cheating with too - and I find that worse, actually! Lots of public examples (Matt Hancock springs to mind!). @USER There are certainly exceptions.
I need to make a jar of pickled onions and also visit the beach. Don't send help, I can manage both. You are on your own at the beach.  I will panic@home.
Fidel Castro being Canadian PM Justin Trudeau's father.
The resemblance really is uncanny (he looks nothing like his supposed biological father) and when you see that the dates his mom was staying with the Castros in Cuba, everything really does line up.  She also had numerous affairs rumors with people like Mick Jagger while she was married.  She really had a history of getting around and partying at places like Studio 54, etc. Apparently the timelines don't match at all. His mother didn't meet him until after Trudeau was born. The rebuttal I saw also had pictures of young Pierre Trudeau to Justin Trudeau and they're similar.
@USER Dear Sir/Madam,
Please provide your USC No. &amp; contact No. So we can forward this issue to concerned engineer. @USER 100668310      8121177040 / 9000844199.
@USER Where are the BMWs? @USER  @USER On the  @USER calendar.  @USER calendar will be much better.
Get his number and report him to the police.   URL. Hits xilog over the head with a frying pan
"It's the only thing for a grass".
Who all is going to the Game on the 19th against Ole Piss? @USER Me and muss birthday ?‍?
I'm always in surprised to find muslims in the BJP at the first place. Despite the kind of venom spread by the parties top leadership. Indian culture, as far as understand from my surroundings has been very 'survival' type, despite at this point of time, you dont need it.
50 years from now, you had to lick your bosses or village leaders shoes to simply survive. And that culture is still there. 
With this culture, most ppl dont think whats morally right or i can say no. The line of thinking is mostly, whose ass do i need to kiss to get most financial gain.
Seems to me that it's probably been spread in the dublin region but most people would not attend the doctor to be diagnosed if it was a minor cold. 
I can't see any real decisive action from the health officials until people start getting seriously ill. That's phase two if the containment fails actually! They prioritize only those who have serious symptoms and let everyone else ride it out.
@USER gorgeous. @USER Thank you ??
Avatar: The Last Airbender. Though sometimes it's intentional. Havent seen that show in years, gotta give it a rewatch.
so guys do you also feel like a cave man when you use a budget phone instead of a flagship device? mine recently fell from 1st floor and now its getting repaired. ?
ps. fuk iphone. android mastrace. I actually am considering switching to a basic phone 
I think I am a phone addict.
@USER  @USER  @USER Sold out ? @USER  @USER  @USER Don’t make the journey especially but IF you are in Dalkey often you can take a chance there may are tickets on the door as inevitably some  no shows .
@USER Love this! Gorgeous ?? @USER Thank you ??❤️.
First day of pax is over. Ive met up with so many amazing friends. Had the most amazing night out with them. Cannot wait for day 2 and alot more fun! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️.
When my Father was dying on the hospital bed, his mother wouldn't stop bothering me about what was going to happen to his stuff, right in front of him, on the hospital bed. 
Then, half the family left four days before he even died. When they thought they weren't going to get anything, they were gone. Wow, that is so fucked up. Im sorry you had to go through that.
Why the heck do people even do engineering from a 3rd tier college lmao? What else do you suggest them to do?
When #Trump stood in blazing heat and humidity for two hours handing out diplomas and speaking and took assistance to walk down an incline

The media said he wasn't fit

#JoeBiden falls down standing with a bike Media says he's a fit man

See the stupid? #JerseyDeservesBetter. @USER Hahaha, trump needed two hands to lift a glass ???? If trump got on a bike, the bike would collapse ?
My favourite thing about having insomnia for 3 decades is people telling me how to cure it as if I haven't tried everything imaginable to avoid 10,000 sleep-deprived nights. @USER  @USER Same here. The advice is usually given by people who are good sleepers who assume we are doing something wrong, and includes weird drinks and rituals. Nothing I've ever tried works for me and I have learned to live with it. ?
@USER  @USER  @USER I very much hope for a signed copy. @USER  @USER  @USER Buy one and happy to do so !
Coronavirus is so obviously a biological weapon from the Chinese government and nobody is seriously talking about it. China has a long history of market and currency manipulation. Who could have possibly predicted that the media buzzing about a global pandemic would cause markets to crash as we move towards another election? But there was another Coronavirus in 2008.
@USER U said they re supportive. @USER They're supportive in some things and not in some.
The organizer Larry Cummings is off the boat Irish. He’s one of your own. We disown this fella.
As an American I can’t believe people would allow themselves to searched so thoroughly just to get into a bar. Yeah sure a pat down for weapons for sure. Seems reasonable. But this guy was talking like they were going through people’s wallets. Seems strange to me. Wouldn’t want to go near a place that does this kind inspection prior to entry. yea its weird right? is it like this in most of the uk?
Describe Putin in 5 words or less. @USER Maniac derilect.
The Brave Little Toaster™. That air conditioner, man.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Doing great work dear, go ahead ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Where the feck have been you been? Just asking ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The last of 2 doz. Still some in  @USER Athy.
I hope that bench remains empty. Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way. The lad at the back probably read this sign and decided to sit somewhere else.
Today afternoon I plan to boost some accounts. Let me know if you want happy friday ?? @USER I’ll do you one better. I’ll follow you.
Kids that wear band shirts but don't actually support that band....I'm looking at you dumb emo kids in the Misfits shirts. I’m definitely a part of the younger metalhead community and I do have some shirt from my favorite bands but I really support them. I went to a Slipknot concert 3 days ago actually, but I do understand what you mean.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER FIR without investigation....... @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Complaint has given written application for lodging an  FIR.
You'd save about €600 a year assuming you only have the standard single persons tax credits. 40%? On an income of 18k? No.
10 minutes!? You might want to consider not boiling a full kettle. Quicker and better for your pocket (and the planet). it batters my haddock whenever my parents come to visit and I go to boil the kettle to find there's 6 litres of water in there and all they did was have a cup of tea each.
How buggered am i? 28 with heart failure. I'm sure your lungs are perky compared to my 45 years of abuse.
I don’t masturbate. My seed spills only into your mother. Well isn’t that a nice way to phrase it.
Hello everyone. Today is my 73rd birthday. Haven't heard from family. Can I  please get some birthday likes? @USER Happy birthday  Barbara.
@USER  @USER ? @USER  @USER Renewals now.
Don't go near them, they are really dangerous!
source - am dangerous bird expert :). > am dangerous bird expert
As in...an expert on dangerous birds, or a bird expert who is dangerous?
What’s your opinion on Meatloaf? @USER The rock star or the dish?
I really liked the gentlemen with Matthew mchowevwr you spell it. Saw it, that was good.
Sorry if awkward, but does anyone else here masturbate to their classmates ? Yeah homie people jerk off watching dead cats, classmates are just normal for them.
Is there a dignified way to fasten a bodysuit? @USER Dignity is in tact until you give up closing it and just let it flap, imo xx.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Would that party be the republican greens.
how can they just rule out the possibility that the guy got it from China just because he spent 14 days overseas when there are cases where the incubation period is much longer than that? I asked the same question.
Wash my hands on a regular basis. i would lick the next chinese person i see.
Iirc it was launched to cash on the 2003 world cup. Looked like kerosene, tasted sweet-sour. Loved it. That flair is mad.
Which town is it really, and school? If your referring to the school in the east of ireland that the news is reporting on then it's Scoil Catriona on mobhi road in dublin.
How many jaffa cakes is it acceptable to eat in one sitting?
The only correct answer is all of them. And preferably a triple pack.
I think it's a serious threat to our society. But I've known quite a few still think it's just a flu. Same. It makes me quite angry that many outlets, including the BBC, previously compared it to seasonal flu, when know that the case fatality rate is much higher. As a result, I’m having a hard time convincing my 75 year old father, who has heart issues, to take it seriously...
Im more scared of cancer because it can hit everyone. Couldnt corona hit everyone though?
#IndvsSA 3rd ODI New Delhi
The Sun is finally out The clouds have dispersed The chances of play brightens subject to condition of the pitch &amp; ground 
The empires will survey the ground &amp; the pitch at 1 PM to decide
Let's wait &amp; watch. #IndiavsSouthAfrica 3rd ODI New Delhi
Start of match has been delayed due to wet ground conditions Even toss has not taken place
Let's wait &amp; watch.
Most people are asymptomatic in the early stages,and something like eighty percent of carriers only get mild symptoms.
So, scanning might look good,but is next to useless. How is it next to useless when it still catches people? Anything that slows its spread is useful.
Could be worse mate, my pal just moved to Chelmsford and ordered pizza hut from deliveroo his first night.
He didn't realise the Pizza Hut was literally under his flat and got a terribly judgmental look from his delivery rider. I used to always order food when hungover from the closest take-away (of which it's literally on the road behind my house) and thought they'd just walk it round.  
Did take me a while to realise they seem to have a LOT of drivers and it always takes them fucking ages.
They always drove it too. Because they're not actually from the takeaway, it's just "crowd sourced" delivery.
Fu#$ing eye watering.
But we can't afford to increase Newstart.
Trump would be proud. This is what would really stimulate economy.
@USER  @USER Good morning Ms Lee ??☮️? @USER  @USER Happy Thursday ❤.
All these people who start feeling dizzy, nauseous after 30 kms of car ride with or without AC should be considered as weaker section human civilization and be barred from travelling. Motion sickness hai... If she has been diagnosed by a doctor before ask her to take the damn meds before traveling not when she starts feeling nauseous
If not... I don't know if there are over the counter drugs for the same or not...
Not defending her or anything but probably not nakhre... Somedays it happens... Maybe an underlying medical condition , maybe a bad day for her body... Just saying.
You need the book to tax it, explain to a guard and you should be grand, legally they can not take it, however dont be a prick or they might not believe you and cause you a bit of lost time. Only bought it yesterday though. On a Saturday so tax office would have been closed anyway.
Is it st Davids day today? just wondering. no idea - he had nowt to do wi sheep anyway.
Lol Christmas Island is like next to Indonesia, hardly next to WA. Its also the most likely point of attack for china if they want to secure the strait of Mallacca and/or invade Australia properly, which is why people are so interested in it mapping the sea floor at that particular location even if it is international waters.
My boyfriends arms. That’s really wholesome and sweet :).
Manmeet is strong but not rude Raj is funny but not a fool. Both are responsible and it is a mature love story. Outstanding episode 12 #SherdilShergill. @USER Loving the show. DD and surbhi are rocking. What a comic timing ?
Parents of children aged 3-8, is everything in your house broken? @USER Yes, replaced then broken again ?
My kids want to know if they can  go on it (and queen elizabeth too) is this possible ? You needed to but tickets but they are all sold out now.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed in this senseless massacre at the nursery in Thailand. Thai people are peace loving with a beautiful nature, which makes this crime even more difficult to comprehend. @USER People are genuinely upset for the families in Thailand who are grieving the death of their innocent loved ones. Truly a horrifying, senseless loss of so many lives. 
However I do question the sincerity of Peter Dutton's words when he is trying to show 'his nicer, caring'side.
Get out or get weird. Might use that.
Been wondering about this as well. I am skeptical about any explanation that gives credit to our "robust border checks and systems" - those do not exist.
Looking at the list of countries affected, you will see that the rich and developed countries are at the top, and the poor and underdeveloped countries are reporting less than 10 cases. It almost looks like an Olympics medal tally table.
Either we are not identifying the cases, or maybe we our bodies have better immunity because of constant exposure to filth and diseases. >robust border checks and systems
At Mumbai international airport, arrivals from SEA countries: Temperature reading, and that was that.
jaysus please don’t trap me here. Sorry, you’ve been infected, we must contain the spread of Carlowism as effectively as possible lest we all catch cases of mediocre GAA teams. A hit team is hunting down Saoirse Ronan as wee speak.
I have locked myself out my house lots of times. Its surprisingly easy to break into your own house. Ha. Do you mind if I break into yours then? cos I have to go to the parallel street and go through their house... Victorian terraces with new (locking) plastic windows can be surprisingly secure!
How none of my reddit posts ever get guilded. I'd guild you if I wasn't poor, my friend.
Hah 28 is not old. Heck my mother got married at 28 and this was 32 years ago. Yes it's not usual but dont let your age make you rush into something so important. Will take care! And take my time. Thanks!
@USER Never seen the Undertones in Ireland but been there! Loved it. @USER Incredible place, Michael. It tipped  down with rain as we left. Lucky to get it in sunshine.
This is beautiful! Thank you!
Using GEICO. What's that?
The whole point of secularism and humanitarianism is that religion does not define our morality. Saying someone is not a real Hindu is like saying that a good hindu's morality comes from the correct "practice" of Hinduism. But anyone from any religion can say that about literally any moral stance. If good hindu's are humanitarian and bad Hindus are violent because they're bad Hindus then where does that put atheists? That's not my point at all. Hinduism, like most religions is a set of ideologies. And those ideologies do not promote the kind of hate and violence being perpetuated in our country now. Thus, people who do perpetuate said hate and violence in our country calling themselves hindu for doing so are in fact, not.
This whole sequence is unintentionally hilarious.
Edit: Philip Schofield is now describing the challenge she has to do. Is that for real?
Apparently I went to the only school in the country that never served these. However:
> Turkey Twizzlers contained just 34% turkey; bulked up with water, pork fat, rusk, and coating, and loaded with additives, sweeteners, and flavourings. They were found to be made up of 21.2% fat when cooked
Mmmm, I'll give em a miss. That's all food/edible. I don't see the problem, honestly, other than overeating them would certainly be unhealthy. 
I don't get what's off-putting about mechanically separated meat, it's no different from boiling a carcass to make stock but people seem to think that the latter is wholesome and the former is disgusting. And plenty of people enjoy chicken skin and bacon fat and the rind on steak. Eating the bits that aren't meat is normal. (As an aside I don't especially like those things because of mouth-feel, but if you made a sausage out of them and it was tasty I don't see why that's somehow disgusting in princple.)
I happily eat lips-and-arseholes chippy sausages on occasion because I enjoy them and it's still food. Just unhealthy food.
Stay away from food please. why?
What I think is that we need to know what the real goals of every faction are right now.
But one thing I can tell you. Pakistan is screwed if the US leaves. >Pakistan is screwed if the US leaves.
How?
I really don't get the toilet paper thing. Buying an extra pack or 2? Sure.
But entire fucking trolleys? What do these cunts eat and how long do they expect lock downs to last?
Don't most people already have a week's worth at the minimum anyway? Perhaps they assume that one of the symptoms is shitting. Certainly had flu go that way in the past.
My cat. Aww :).
so were getting free drugs? No you have to pay for charas ki chutney.
I have a bidet so can ration toilet paper pretty well but I guess a lot of people can't :P I can understand why people might stock up on it if they're worried though, they'll eventually use it so not really a waste of money plus it's one of my worst nightmares to run out of toilet paper and I think I'm not alone in that fear. Bidet salespeople should be working overtime right now.
A new one for you; the Chinese government are responsible for the implementation & the outbreak of the Coronavirus. 
... do you see rioting anymore? Maybe it doesn't exist.. they perpetuated coronavirus as a way to bar the Hong Kong riots from being in the news. The worst part, this virus is halting global markets and striking fear in everyone.
"Sometimes you change the subject, and sometimes the subject changes you." —@TimothyDSnyder. @USER  @USER Common thing when we friends meet ?
@USER  @USER  @USER Looking good but all a bit grey on it???‍♂️??‍♂️???? @USER  @USER  @USER Poor Colly has been grey since that time you gave him a hiding at the De La Salle.
Never have liked them or Stephen mulhurn. Oh I can't fucking abide him!
You can never go wrong with more shitter paper. You'll miss that when you run out. Just waffle stomp your shit down the drain, lol.
Red Dead Redemption 2. Without spoiling too much it just felt way too personal and I’m still not over it. Before playing it, I knew how it was going to end, but I still cried, I felt that Arthur deserved the best.
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. That's great! Congratulations! 
Gives me hope TBH!
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Welcome!
How long has this whole dress g up for book day been around for? I’m 33, and honestly can’t remember doing this back in school. (If we did, I’ve managed to completely erase it from memory ). As a 32 year old, the school would give us a £1 book token, and had a load of books we could buy for a quid.
I didn’t actually learn to read until I was 13, so even then it would have been better if they concentrated on the basics, rather than gimmicks, but what do I know, at primary school I was always called ‘dim’.
@USER Also, have your tryouts started?
We had a huge turnout for both 12 and 14 girls. @USER Massive turnouts at Nunawading. Record numbers.
NO MORE MONEY TO UKRAINE! @USER A predator will never stop.  Putin is a predator.  Fully fund Ukraine.
@USER Gm bro ☀️. @USER Gm bro.
What’s for dinner? @USER After a busy day here it’s just a bowl of Golden Grahams chef.
@USER Good news for “Luxenbourg” for Arc as long as rain keeps away it should be fine A class act should have been unbeaten only one mishap when he stumbled coming out of the stalls in 2000 gns at Newmarket did really well to finish 3rd Now back to his best  @USER @EUtopean. @USER  @USER  @USER The weather looks pretty promising Reg.
It isn’t the same contact per se, it’s just that the Govt agency responsible for myGov sends the messages from a name, and not a registered phone number. This makes impersonating them stupidly easy as you’ve seen.
Further, there’s no real global standards for verified SMS which increases the likelihood of people being phished. While Google has made some in-roads for their customers in select countries, it isn’t rolled out in Australia or other major nations. And Apple just keeps hoping more businesses will use their iMessage for business platform, but their rollout of it is as slow as a wet week. A sensible bit of legislation would be to require all incoming calls and SMS messages to be blackholed if they contain a name of an Australian government agency or any Australian phone number unless the holder of that number or the relevant agency has approved the spoof.
Right behind you. *looks behind.
Richard Arnold to fans: "We're doing everything  we can to get Frenkie De Jong and I'm telling you the money is there for him." [@MufcWonItAll]. @USER  @USER and how's this now going to affect the negotiation with Barca? We will hstvhave to pay up instead of negotiate now?
At least you’re not upstairs on a double decker stuck on the Redheugh bridge. That’s the stuff of nightmares. As someone who has had to drive deckers across multiple times, I assure you, the driver seat is worse especially when you get a slight side wind, almost needed to change on the other side.
@USER The way I am in total denial about how old he is because I won’t cope. @USER I don’t want to think about it but everyone is saying Gould is going to take his role and I canT COPE.
@USER More Life FB! @USER Thank you fam ??
I hate that Coillte is run as a profit centre, there's no reason for it. Maybe at the founding of the state when we were penniless, but there's no excuse these days. They should be looking after and promoting our native or re-planted forests, not planting foreign species that ruin the soil in the name of money.
My grandfather planted a wood that is enjoyed by people today, I'm glad the soil isn't good enough for Sitka spruce and so it's almost all native trees, but this is the rare exception. Coillte is kind of a pointless organizational to be honest. They aren't even really run as a money making organizational because they can't apply for grants in regards to the planting of commercial forests anymore after the EU smacked the Government down for doing it. Everyone else can though so they can't compete on price.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER ? I hear you.
Foxtel acquired alot of the sporting broadcasts, and given the low take up rate of their product, ut has has had a detrimental effect on most sports in Australia, as coverage is limited to sports bars and mad keen arm chair fanatics. I didn't watch cricket on TV in the 90s and early 00s, but even I knew the names of most players back then. It's always been casual viewing around my circles, but like many, I wouldn't pay for premium TV to watch it. This,
As soon as a sport it goes Foxtel it goes bust.
I Use to follow NBL and went to the games when it was on free to air.
Nup after that.
Meet like-minded friends 
Vet and follow anyone that 
gives this tweet a ❤️

Please Retweet. @USER ???????
We used to throw quite a few parties at my old uni place. People would just pass out where and as they pleased.
Woke up to one of our mates standing in our living room, obviously sleep walking - he was pissing directly onto our sofa. We shouted at him, no response. So my housemate punched him, which woke him and stopped him pissing.
We explained to him what he was doing, he apologised, went back to sleep and got up in the morning to clean the piss off my sofa. Fortunately it was a leather sofa, but it was still a bit pissy so we just made people we didn't like sit on it. That classic smirk everyone gave each other when someone was made to sit on the pissy sofa xD.
We are in Melbourne and nothing has changed at all. Went to Woolies today, no dramas. ??‍♀️. I just got back from our Coles in Melbourne and in the space of 24 hours:
-toilet paper gone
-pasta almost gone
-UHT milk gone
-tinned fruit low
-flour very low
-rice almost gone
-instant noodles almost gone
-muesli and cereals noticeably low
-almost all the big tins of tuna gone.
Yea-no. I have no sympathy. You could have sold locally and avoided this (tbh no one knew it was going to happen), but like EVERY investment; it's never 100% secure. Wow. Someone has a case of tall poppy syndrome. 
If you had an ounce of economic knowledge then you would have sympathy for this AUSTRALIAN business....
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. It would show an existing endemic virus has killed more people than a brand new one, I'll ask Captain Obvious to put it together.
What about those other things that Hindis did do? Real life is not a game. You kill someone in red team, Red team kills someone in blue team. Revenge match is only better in game. More than the Red & Blue, people need to think that both are people with family, kids. Only thing different is the team.
Stop forming group for stupid things. Modi group, Congress group, Everyone is forming fucking cults. You don't vote people to support the cult. You vote to ensure everyone gets to live without any fights.
DeleteReligion.
Liberal side don't like to talk about this (I'm a liberal too) but it is a fact that Indian muslims have changed a LOT in the last 25 years. Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
I lived in Lucknow when I was young. That was a very liberal muslim city. You'd never even see a burqa in Hazratganj. Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
Among my muslim friends from back then, there is a shift within their families as well. My friends (all 30 year olds) are mostly irreligious. But their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar". Lol same in my state AP too. I've never seen burqa until 3 years ago. Given how hot $ humid it's in AP during summers, I can certainly say women aren't wearing burqa out of choice.
@USER #TheGazaYouDontSee. @USER  @USER It's basically the Warsaw Ghetto.
It's the flu.  A higher percentage of old and sick people might die than the regular flu.  But not that much higher. 
Everyone is freaking out. 
I don't get the obsession with toilet paper though. >old and sick people
Boomervirus.
isopropyl
YOLO, bb. I like the way you think.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations ? ??  @USER &amp; others. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
It's the Surinamese I'm after. Shower of pricks. Plus they all have bad surnames.
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. It is one of those books that looks nice on top of the microwave. About the best thing I can say for it.
On Friday nights the ABC used to replace 7 30 Report with state-based programs. Far and away the finest was NSW’s brilliantly produced and presented by Quentin Dempster- sacked by Mark Scott ‘because of budget costs’. A tragedy for the ABC and local politics. Bring back Quentin! @USER I used to enjoy the same in Qld!
@USER Good morning Lee. @USER Hi Peggy. Happy Thursday❤.
Nothing is difficult to attain, in this world or the other, to those who have meditation and divine Name in their life. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Divine thought
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
Didn’t know we had mountains named after rashers! Other way round bud.
At least it wasn't a dead cat...
Anyone else seen Man like Mobeen? Or a box full of dead puppies.
No one is curious as to why the war in Ukraine has almost zero footage?

No one? @USER Take a look at Operator Starsky on YouTube.
That absolute cunt Emperor Commodus in Gladiator. You can FEEL the knife go In.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Doing great work dear, go ahead ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
@USER @NualaNiC's jacket is extremely good. @USER  @USER Thanks a mill Rachel x.
My favourite thing about having insomnia for 3 decades is people telling me how to cure it as if I haven't tried everything imaginable to avoid 10,000 sleep-deprived nights. @USER  @USER Same here. The advice is usually given by people who are good sleepers who assume we are doing something wrong, and includes weird drinks and rituals. Nothing I've ever tried works for me and I have learned to live with it. ?
@USER GM ?? @USER  @USER Gm ☮️.
Black eye, bruised ribs( i think a few probably were broken but this was years ago so I’m not exactly sure), bloody nose and a twisted ankle. Wow I’m so sorry that happened to you and I hope that you are fine now.
Laugh scornfully and call them WhatsApp Baba.
If they persist, ask them "so what"?
Hindu or muslim, India is India. That's what I don't want to do. He is a reasonable person. I just want him to think rationally about this. But looks like he has made up his opinion by reading/hearing the same stuff being spread across India again and again. And I want to change his opinion about this by making a rational discussion.
RTÉ is good for the basic news, Irish Times is good for analysis, Journal.ie is a a cesspit. The school in Dublin got leaked on thejournal, cesspit is an understatment, you cant post an article to r/news it is such tripe.
We used to throw quite a few parties at my old uni place. People would just pass out where and as they pleased.
Woke up to one of our mates standing in our living room, obviously sleep walking - he was pissing directly onto our sofa. We shouted at him, no response. So my housemate punched him, which woke him and stopped him pissing.
We explained to him what he was doing, he apologised, went back to sleep and got up in the morning to clean the piss off my sofa. Fortunately it was a leather sofa, but it was still a bit pissy so we just made people we didn't like sit on it. That classic smirk everyone gave each other when someone was made to sit on the pissy sofa xD.
@USER  @USER Beautiful photo. @USER  @USER So good!
Start your day off right, with the stimulating news that Alex Jones is no longer allowed to run his InfoWars company, per a federal bankruptcy judge.

ENJOY! @USER I Feel Better Already ??
सुना है सबकुछ मिल जाता है गूगल पर
 वफादार दोस्त चाहिए लोकेशन भेजना मुझे. @USER ए हैं लोकेशन.
Which town is it really, and school? If your referring to the school in the east of ireland that the news is reporting on then it's Scoil Catriona on mobhi road in dublin.
Over 80% of real estate purchases in developed markets are backed by a mortgage

New marginal buyers are being pushed away due to higher mortgage rates coupled with the increase in house prices

Real estate is by far the biggest asset class in the world

Look at the big picture. @USER Yeah and each time the UK shows potential signs of weakness gov pulls its magic wand and cuts the stamp duty.
@USER You look a little uncertain about it. @USER Cutting much shorter than it’s been so that’s the face!! Plus jet lag tiredness.
NO MORE MONEY TO UKRAINE! @USER A predator will never stop.  Putin is a predator.  Fully fund Ukraine.
Bench cam where  @USER admin??? @USER  @USER Will take time.
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Pepe LaPew.
I buy UHT milk despite what people say about it, it tastes creamier to me and I probably use 1 litre every 2 weeks. I live on coke zero so other than the rare times I have cereal or a coffee I drink none. I used UHT for years when I lived a long way from a shop.  Never had a problem with it. I used to get through a liter a day in coffees though.
Save it. Boooo this guy.
I am just going to fap as many times as I can and then go to sleeeeeep. Yeh superpower mujhe bhi chahiye.
Eir have been going downhill for at least 6 months now. Their 4g no longer works for me on the Dart or Luas during rush hour. I'm going to change. Yeah I actually have up using my phone on the Luas, 
Who is the best? VODAFONE?
@USER Good news for “Luxenbourg” for Arc as long as rain keeps away it should be fine A class act should have been unbeaten only one mishap when he stumbled coming out of the stalls in 2000 gns at Newmarket did really well to finish 3rd Now back to his best  @USER @EUtopean. @USER  @USER  @USER The weather looks pretty promising Reg.
Kids that wear band shirts but don't actually support that band....I'm looking at you dumb emo kids in the Misfits shirts. I’m definitely a part of the younger metalhead community and I do have some shirt from my favorite bands but I really support them. I went to a Slipknot concert 3 days ago actually, but I do understand what you mean.
@USER Dear customer, we regret the inconvenience faced. We request you to please lodge the matter with our customer care service at 1800 180 2222/ 1800 103 2222 (toll free)/ 0120-2490000 (tolled number). @USER No one is picking up the call,kindly arrange a call back.
Nationwide and open wide. Operation Transformation and menstruation masturbation.
@USER Not a fan, giving questions out before hand enables the candidate to obtain help from others. I’m in favour of giving the questions to the candidate while in the interview rather than asking the questions. @USER  @USER Nothing wrong with asking for input from a support network. I worry about those who don’t ask for support when needed. 
Understand worries about preparing false narratives, however if it isn’t built on foundation of truth should be able to spot with gentle probing.
The First Peoples’ Assembly just delivered a petition signed by over 50,000 Victorians to the Premier’s office.

It calls on him to reverse the Government’s disrespectful decision to rename Maroondah Hospital.

If this Government is serious about Treaty, they'll listen. @USER How about doing something vaguely constructive in terms of improving peoples lives instead of virtue signalling for the Green's political bemefit.
You have posted 5 times in the last 2 minutes and all of them are about pooing, slow to down. I’m on my way to church and I’m 7btw.
Manmeet is strong but not rude Raj is funny but not a fool. Both are responsible and it is a mature love story. Outstanding episode 12 #SherdilShergill. @USER Loving the show. DD and surbhi are rocking. What a comic timing ?
At the moment the coronavirus has a higher mortality rate than the Spanish flu, it also seems to spread very quickly and can live on surfaces for upto 9 days. Given that it wouldn’t take much for Irish hospitals to become overwhelmed, how bad do you think this could get? It wouldn’t take much for already limited resources to become overwhelmed. But the HSE have been getting prepared for this and the infectious disease units are ready and waiting for serious cases.
Not going to lie to anyone, it’s going to get worse before it gets better. But the vast majority of cases will be mild, we just need to keep on top and take it serious if we’re told to self isolate.
Bit worried about it actually. Work in health care and I have asthma.   If I do get it. I am going to be as sick as anything. Fingers crossed you don't! I work in retail and surrounded by people who decide that shopping is the best idea when suffering with colds and sickness bugs. A bit like the health care sector cos I worked there too!
> A motel on the New South Wales South Coast has charged a guest $50 for writing what it described as a "defamatory" review.
> 
> Sharon Graham spent two nights at the Mollymook Ocean View Motel last week, and gave the motel a score of six out of 10 on the website Booking.com.
> 
> Ms Graham said the location was good but a bit noisy, and that she was unsure whether the motel offered daily room service.
> 
> "I thought it was quite a fair review," Ms Graham said.
> 
> Ms Graham was shocked when, having checked out, she received a second invoice which listed a $50 credit card fee for leaving a "false review" online.
> 
> The motel said the $50 will be refunded when the review is taken down.
> 
> "Social media bookings false review will be refunded if removed within 24 hours," the invoice read.
> 
> Motel management claimed the review was misleading and harmed the business's public image.
> 
> "The score is not even close to the average rating," the motel said. /r/TourismHell.
I can't pick a song but definitely The Score. Always good!
सभी सबूतों को मद्देनज़र रखते हुए फैसला लिया जाता है कि बॉलीवुड के द्वारा बनाई जाने वाली सभी फिल्मो को बॉयकॉट किया जायेगा, सहमत हैं तो YES लिखकर पुरजोर समर्थन करें..??? @USER #No way ,no hatred please ,who are you to boycott now ?
Glad you enjoyed it. I live close to here and it never gets boring. All year round its beautiful. I even proposed to my wife here :). It’s an appropriate place to do it, even crap days look nice here.
everyone from Lincoln simultaneously: 'Did you know the Cathedral was once the world's tallest building?' 
Source: from Lincoln. I love the board in the Cathedral with the various incarnations of the Cathedral over the years. "That one burned down, fell over and then sank into the swamp, but this one stayed up!" (until the spire fell off).
@USER  @USER I rate this tweet, hopefully we’re saying at the end of the year that the change in coach has resulted in significant improvement for all of them. For me, I’ve been most concerned about Zach Reid and Nik Cox, these are players that could have enormous upside. @USER  @USER  @USER Tall players take time to develop. Takes time for them to build their bodies as they are usually string beans as youngsters.
These bitches call me Jeffery the way I be dominant ? @USER Wilding !
Thank you guys for making me feel so welcome. And being so helpful! This is a nice space. Have a virtual hug.
It's always darkest before the dawn
I am sure someone who needs to after reading your post would also find not everything is lost & it's never too late to turn your life around.
:)
Regards
Buntoley.
@USER I suffered them years ago, was given an injection of some sort...possibly a steroid (sorry useless info, but it was like 20 years ago ?) They should be able to give you something, they're a balls and exhausting ?‍? @USER Had that and was actually great, but they have come back for a visit. No craic at all.
Yellow? If your pastry is green, I'd send it back.
>I feel like we are potentially creating ~~clusters~~ a romantic comedy. He was returning from work in China. 
She was returning from a family trip to Iran. 
They were isolated together due to the deadly contagion. 
But the only thing they didn't expect to catch was...love.
Coming this Autumn 'COVID-19'.
I believe that the U.S government has men in black that make people "disappear" if they know more than what's good for them. r/missing411.
I agree. RSS and BJP, eat gobar and fuck yourselves. Itna gobar bhara hai dimaag mein inke. Poora brainwash ho chuka hai. I think people should appear for a test based on politcal knowledge when it comes to voting.And I kid you not,only 25% would pass it.
And if something like this would to happen,you'd see a different party in power. For the good.
I don't know how a democracy is supposed to work with so many illiterates and uneducated people in the country...who vote for things like Balakot airstrikes,and sanctions on Kashmir.
This is why Socrates hated democracy with so many illiterates in a country/place.
Just a friendly reminder that 30cr people voted for BJP,which is why theyre in power dictating 130cr+ people.
Did something last night I never did before while out in Dublin: asked a girl if she's okay going home with the man she was with.

As I was walking behind the couple, I noticed how utterly demeaning he was to her in what he was saying to her and a red flag went up in my mind. @USER Good for you your a gentleman she was lucky she had you to watch over her.
The Clothes Show. Was that I’m after Antiques roadshow? Maybe it was a Sat? Also, Time Team, I  feel like it should’ve been Sun night if it wasn’t. > The Clothes Show. Was that I’m after Antiques roadshow?
IIRC it was on Sundays, but at like 3 or 4 pm?
EDIT: Close. It was 5pm in 1993!
@USER  @USER Ця стара хвойда ще жива? @USER  @USER Жива і  вилізла так само, як і папа, і маск та інші. Пішло лайно просто водоспадом.
Soothing, calm voice. Get them to roll their eyes if you can. So touch their eyes and force them to roll, got it.
@USER Dyson is amazing! You can also look at Berkinstock as well? @USER I actively dislike how they look, never ☠️.
Update on #TheLittleRedDot. Now off the coast of North Mayo,the Atlantic hasn’t been kind to them BUT they are still in the race, yesterday’s sun helped dry their v wet gear.
Hoping to make it back by Thursday..thanks everyone for the uplifting support! #MammysVoyageBeginsAgain. @USER You must be very proud of your brilliant daughter.  Only 2 days to go.
URL. Oh. It’s not about the harness. They’re just selling the t shirt. Thought it was odd.
@USER ? it's all over Europe hence the term European kitchen it's wavers &amp; dryers.
I don't think it's for the same reason I considered doing it on my build. I put it in the design because it cut the cost of plumbing &amp; without a designated laundry, more space. @USER  @USER No way, not in the north, bathroom or utility room is where the washing machines live up here.
@USER I liked it. I hope you get to see it! ☺️. @USER Thanks ? I am in love with this game so I enjoy seeing all the things. ?
You should make a greater effort. Forget the past and trust more in God. Our fate is not predestined by Him; nor is karma the sole factor, though our lives are influenced by our past thoughts and past activities. - #ParamahansaYogananda. @USER Again fear of fate.If one is prepared for that ultimate fate 'Death' What's past,present or future ? Why are all your teachings focused at reducing stress and sorrows alone? Stress &amp; sorrows are perceptions and it's one's choice to be sad or happy. 

Lord Krishna's grace ??♥.
How they are still getting people on it is beyond me like there are only so many people in Ireland who would participate, HOW is it not the same people on it the whole time. The village pedophile a few towns over from me has been on it twice or 3 times now. Apparently he says he goes in and spends like €50 or more on scratchers every week and nearly always gets at least 1 winner. Then he waits until he has at least 10 winning cards and sends them all in at the one time to up his chances of getting on.
I only remember 3 things from this:
1) The kids finding bones and talking about them while crying or something.
2) Something involving a goat.
3) The theme tune in its entirety. How can you not recall the episode where the magic lipstick makes girls kiss him...even his sister ?
>The statement must be made in good faith and is a belief that a person of the same religion could reasonably consider to be in accordance with the doctrines, tenets, beliefs or teachings of that religion. This has been dubbed the “phone a friend” clause as the person only needs a single other person to vouch that the belief is part of their shared religion.
Nah, there's no way this could backfire spectacularly. Totally becoming a Satanist if this legislation goes through.
PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.
Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons: 


Rule 3: You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".


Rule 3: Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.


Rule 1: You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  The question must be a full sentence.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".


If you have any queries or concerns, please feel free to contact the mods. Thank you.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns. Fuck off.
@USER  @USER Now that BJP wants to split India by imposing Hindi let the taxes collected by South India need not be utilised for the north Indian development. We are working hard and all benefits goes to north like road, rail etc.etc. Better stop imposing Hindi. @USER  @USER  @USER Seems like u r barking everywhere ??
Katharals start.
Bullshit, that definitely didn’t happen. It’s a joke you dim witted spastic.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER The whole Nation needs to go on strike… except for Bankers and Energy Corporations of course???
Okay so how about we redefine what summer and winter means so they balance out again.
/s obviously. Out of curiosity, what does summer and winter mean to you? The headline is clickbait as summer and winter are only defined as time. These researchers just used average temps at the start of summer and winter in the 50s and 60s then measured when we hit those temps now..saying that’s when summer and winter now start; dumb. Averages don’t work in Australia. Averages only work in places where the actual temperatures are close to the average for the majority of the time. This has never been the case for Australia.
@USER Good morning bro have a great one. @USER Likewise fam.
@USER The market defines how students/consumers perceive. If companies/HR  systems demand a degree, ths will continue. When they demand skills, intellect, attitude, persona, purpose - consumers will adapt. Onus our side of the fence. Campuses continue creating wealth for shareholders. @USER It's a wicked problem . Corporates are very unhappy with today's graduates , and find most of them unemployable , which is why they spend so much on training them after hiring them.
Wouldn't it be a lovely gesture if the electricity bills for the businesses giving the emergency services, journalists, and volunteers, free refreshments in #Creeslough was paid for them.
Any idea how this could be organised so that people could donate some money? @USER What a great idea Val.
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. WAR SESS TER SHY ERRRRRRR.
@USER Oh well done Julia - it looks fabulous! @USER Thank you, I love ricotta!
When you are a necrophiliac and want to know if she can get pregnant. Don't want any of that anti-crisis support.
जिस दिन अपन 3 Million फॉलोअर हो गए उस दिन 3 लोगों का रोजगार तय

एक आदमी, जरूरी मैसेज पर त्वरित उत्तर देगा, जरूरी एक्शन लेगा, ट्वीट-फोन से विभाग को भेजेगा

दूसरा आदमी, FB की सेवा में

तीसरा आदमी, आम लोगों के ट्वीट स्कैन करेगा, पता लगाएगा कि आज के अहम मुद्दे क्या है जिस पर बात हो. @USER हमको भी मौका दीजिए.
Northern Ireland would like a quiet word. Northern Ireland doesn't have any quiet words. ;).
A question: is it typical that people in Frome drive like absolute arseholes at pre-7.30am ? 

Because I'm going to tell you a little story:. So, i woke up just before 6am in this house my friend is renting.... We arrived last night after dark with a car absolutely stuffed to the roof with every wordly possession &amp; 12bt of wine #WinemakerThugLife.
The same way baseball and American football works.
Australian Rules, Rugby and Rugby league are three different and separate games, but they are all considered "winter sports" so the season is in our winter. New South Wales and Queensland follow rugby league and the other states follow Aussie rules. 
Cricket is a summer sport so it's played in summer when the footy codes are on their break. Pretty much the entire country follows the cricket. It's not regional based like the footy codes. >Pretty much the entire country follows the cricket
Nope for a long time
There's a reason 20/20 was introduced...
Eating an apple while suffering through TMJ syndrome… I’m clearly a masochist. @USER My ent said I may have this. I been needing a night guard for some time.
@USER Sir,
It must be great opportunity! 
We are happy to know more details on qualification and skills for the post. @USER You can first apply and if you satisfy our needs, my team will get back..
Parents of children aged 3-8, is everything in your house broken? @USER Yes ?
My kids are aged 7-13. Thought we were past the worst of it and was even started to contemplate replacing a very worn sofa. Completely destroyed again this week by major kid drink spill ?- think we’ll wait another few years ?
I can say with hand on heart my opinion has nothing to do with gender, but for many, many years, I've found the writing, acting and effects in this show to be utterly cringeworthy. I remember watching an episode with the Slovene(?) aliens, around the time when people were absolutely raving about the brilliance and originality of the revival, and it was literally an entire 45 minutes of fart jokes.
How much are people using? I use it for work, after each shift. Have this massive bottle, used basically none of it and been using it for months. Are they washing their whole bodies with it? 100% these will show up for sale on fb marketplace and gumtree soon with killer markups.
they crawl around when no one is looking and link up with other boogers until a massive booger monster is created and he lurks around in the sewers. This is magnificent, I wish I had an award to give.
Every species in this world has a purpose and that purpose leads to balancing the environment, nurturing it for other species, making it a safer place...
Every species. Take ants. If ants were suddenly gone, a lot of rotting animals will stay there for longer, providing launchpads to infections. Vultures - same story. Even the fucking tiny bees are necessary. They pollinate.
Every species is useful for environment, and is needed for keeping the world livable.
Every species, except humans.
Think about it. But dont all species die out and new ones take their place eventually.?
Sometimes I think the purpose of humans is to accelerate the already occurring thing in nature .
But having said that , I agree we should tone it down a bit and do our part as individuals.
Currently stuck in Carlow. Guess I’m not going to work. People in Carlow have jobs?
Blood On The Tracks is a great music podcast
The Parapod is releasing new episodes and is one of the funniest podcasts I've ever listened to. Only about 30 episodes but it's gold
(Berkhamsted) Revisited has a big back catalogue and is basically two early 30 something women reading their teenage diaries/emails/facebook messages etc and reminiscing about the early part of this century. Far more interesting than it has any right to be and full of nostalgia. Oh aye I mind hearing about the revisited one before, I'll have to give it a lash.
Unfortunately, this feels like a r/agedlikemilk post waiting to happen. I kinda want there to be a /r/ragedlikemilk subreddit where people post fights where someone was angry in a limp, dairy sort of way, with people mixing up the subreddits and posting to each other by mistake.
I love having sex in public areas. The risk of getting caught makes it so much fun. Your favorite so far?
Looks like NCP will also go the hindutva route after sharad pawar dies. when did NCP have an ideology.
@USER That’s not tea ! It’s warm milk !!  Ahhhh Dee ? @USER  @USER They're are people doing time in Portlaoise for far less.
casually joins you
Every time I log out of my bank they're there. And ad with them in is on repeat in my local branch. How I'm a Zelebrity is still going after all these years is beyond me. And please, God, why do people pretend they can't tell them apart? I think I'd have to switch banks.
All the metal musicians I know, both locally and abroad are all really chilled non-judgmental types who just want to grind out some hardcore sounds. We expend our rage through music. Try being angry after practicing Reign in Blood on drums for 2 hours.
Raw with mayo. Try rubbing a bit of oil. 10x better.
How tf people keep travelling all the fucking time? Paisa ugate he shayd.
IMO there are far more important and pressing infrastructural issues to build right now than a pipe-dream high-speed rail to places that are sparsely populated. A metro for Dublin or any semblance of good public transport in Cork would be a start. Exactly, it's this wish washy fantasy stuff that distracts from the realistic projects like Metro, Dart expansion and underground and the expansion of rail and bus services in Cork.
Why is this fantasy a headline grabber while any time the projects above are mentioned it negative Nimby articles?
Someone please help me:  I was on a plane to the UK and the man next to me was drinking a Pepsi or Coke mixed with Worcestershire sauce in it.  It was on the label too!  He was weirded out that I was weirded out.  Has anyone ever seen that drink??? Only in my nightmares.
I'm pretty sure you are meant to cook it first... Boil it before you cook it. It gets rid of the salty taste.
Trump is addicted to amphetamines. I'm fairly certain he's on a Michael Jackson level prescription regime.  Sometimes he's slurring, sometimes he's fairly sharp, he's almost always kind of confused.  Might just be age related, but remember his doctor from before he was President, the long haired weirdo who had his files confiscated by a lawyer and two thugs?  ( URL )  And then Trump wanted "Dr. Feelgood" to head the VA?   URL 
Trump likes his pills.
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? I'm gonna tell you what I told my other bhakt friends. You want conservative politics and care about a specific religion? Go ahead. I don't give a fuck. But is that all you are doing? Or are you(and BJP) spreading hate, discrimination and advocating for your group  over/at the expense of another? There is a difference between the two.
I’ve been quoted €15,000 to remove/deactivate an old oil system with “gun-barrel” pipe work and replace it with a new gas system with combi boiler. I’d look at air source heat pumps. Looks like they will be doing away with gas soon.
Should have a word with your local police since it's assault. Lmao I think that’s a bit of an over reaction. It’s only a bit of water. I don’t think the guy had malicious intent.
@USER The way I am in total denial about how old he is because I won’t cope. @USER I don’t want to think about it but everyone is saying Gould is going to take his role and I canT COPE.
@USER Im so proud of you. I think its going to help your bipolar a lot. Congratulations. Im here if you ever need me. My dear friend, Never Ever Give Up. The miracle is right around the corner. ❤❤? @USER Thank you so much for taking the time to just be there, you have a friend here if you ever needed me, this job is what I needed, I feel so amazing l, all the stress of my old job was killing me.
@USER Sir, as per web tracking, article has been delivered. @USER This document is very important for me in this hardcopy of my Document verification of selected for particular post.
HIDE YO KIDZ, HIDE YO WIFE CUZ CORONAVIRUS GOIN' ROUND RAPING ERRYBODY. Haha, damn I forgot about that one.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER Enough's enough give us a break.
That's the best way to get rid of the flu as it's only two sleeps and it's gone. 2 sleeps over 3 weeks..
peak capitalism is not being able to immediately tell if it is satire or not. Seems pretty obvious to me.
Ek din mene JP ko fake birthday wish kiya tha. Sab karne lage. Phir pta chala ki sach me uska birthday hai. Oops! XD 
(Hope I’m right, jp?) O.o. Lol yeah. Coincidence and you got lucky xD.
What happened to the pandemic? 

The ending seemed awfully anticlimactic, no? @USER It hasn't ended. I had Covid last week.
Hi, we direct the majority of food / breakfast / look at my plate type posts to r/uk_food these days. 
I’ve removed this one. No problem!
What I found was that Melbourne got as hot as Sydney but it takes longer. E.g. Sydney will be muggy and 35 by 9 am but Melbourne will take until 2 to get there. Still 35 in the end but the day on average was cooler. I’ve actually noticed that too, comparing Brisbane and Melbourne though as my sister in law was down there. If it’s gonna be a hot day in Brisbane, you can tell as soon as you wake up. 
Melbourne also seems to have greater range in the maximums for the weekly forecast. If we have a minor heatwave, you’ll see a few days increasing, a few days super hot then back down. Melbourne seems to sometimes up and down really fast, I saw one day that was going to be like 35 and the next was only getting up to 26.
Avatar: the last airbender. I came here to say this.
समय इंसान को सफल नहीं  बनाता, समय का 
 सही इस्तेमाल इंसान को सफल बनाता है... ✌
##Goodmorning? @USER Good afternoon ??
Pedigree is the worst shite to ever feed your dog, or if you're gonna feed it shite at least feed it cheap shite so you're not both being done out of it. Pedigree is produced by Mars, there are far better dog foods for the same price range. Purina make a few, I can't remember the specific names. Used to work in a pet shop years ago but honestly don't feed your dogs Pedigree. URL 
Good site showing how alot of the popular brands product absolute muck
Royal Canin sold as premium here is actually crap.
@USER My sister is comma that is your problem, pls add it to make it complete. @USER  @USER ?
This was at the Coles in Hornsby NSW.
Flour, pasta, tuna, long life milk and ramen shelves were all empty as well. Same at the Coles in Tooronga Village in Melbourne.
The tv series Limitless was really enjoyable although most people didn’t bother watching it. What was it about?
Do attack helicopters become instantly aware just like girls when someone is looking at them with dha dha dha dha Surround Sound intentions? Yesss infact Apache helicopters have good radar system.
@USER  @USER  @USER I know I should be trying to big up the political side of it but don't underestimate the influence the council exectives can have over infrastructure like this.

I think DCC have more cllrs who use a bike day to day than DLR but I may be wrong. DCC defo more left than DLR too. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The planning, trial/tweaking, implementation and learning from the CMR seems to have established a template. And the building up of expertise at the council with a cross disciplinary team seems to be a formula for success too. I feel DCC still prefers a  heavy engineered approach.
Scientists have discovered a way to combat anxiety disorders: This breakthrough remedy also helps people cope with depression, fibromyalgia, chronic pain, nervous exhaustion, and other conditions. Don't put it off any longer because demand is increasing by the day. @USER What is it please let me know.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed in this senseless massacre at the nursery in Thailand. Thai people are peace loving with a beautiful nature, which makes this crime even more difficult to comprehend. @USER People are genuinely upset for the families in Thailand who are grieving the death of their innocent loved ones. Truly a horrifying, senseless loss of so many lives. 
However I do question the sincerity of Peter Dutton's words when he is trying to show 'his nicer, caring'side.
Since I've taken office, companies at home and abroad have announced over $85 billion in new investments for electric vehicle, battery, and charging manufacturing all here in the U.S.

America is back leading the way. @USER Everything is up with the Biden administration: inflation 9.2,%, gas 39%, electricity 45%, crime over 100%,  Ilegal immigration over 100%.
What are you currently learning? ?‍??‍? @USER Javascript.
Southampton, Fulham and Leeds United are all interested in signing #mufc defender Phil Jones. [@MARCAinENGLISH]. @USER  @USER Thought he moved to bodeaux.
Sometimes i do it on purpose when im in a bad mood. But when it happens to me i get annoyed. Hmmm...
The ABC stopped being “Our ABC” when they stopped doing original production in the regions.  It’s just a Sydney thing now. Population of NSW: 7.544 million
Population of Sydney: 5.23 million
Percentage of NSW residents who live in Sydney: 69.33%
Where would you do production on an ever diminishing budget to service the most people possible?
When my Father was dying on the hospital bed, his mother wouldn't stop bothering me about what was going to happen to his stuff, right in front of him, on the hospital bed. 
Then, half the family left four days before he even died. When they thought they weren't going to get anything, they were gone. Wow, that is so fucked up. Im sorry you had to go through that.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What response did you get from UIDAI? As i am having same issue and i have placed the request and status is Refund in Progress (Dont know why) and i am not able to order again as some error. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER No response.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Welcome to the club!
Hot spot your phone. I don't use mobile internet.
F*CK YES! Ron DeSantis is under federal Investigation by the US Department of Treasury over his use of COVID Relief Funds to fly migrants to Martha’s Vinyard. @USER Why not makes more sence.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 10 to 15 min.
i barely take care of the twitter crew so fuck it, will choose 5 people who like this post &amp; give them $10,000 USD each when i wake up, will post who I choose &amp; why. @USER Liked ?
Name me one person in the history of humanity that got sick from using an ATM or petrol pump, I'll wait. There was this one guy who drank straight from the pump and then stuck his tongue into the money dispensing slot while it was open and then lit his tongue. He was fully sick.
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER Well at least both lips are even now so you don't have to worry about looking lopsided ??
What you want to see inside a concrete jungle ?  Go to Shimla for some fresh air ! True that, that's what my opinion was when i visited the first time but wanted to give it another try so posted here...
@USER  @USER The unfortunate thing about me is I don’t care I care today but every other day I don’t give a fuck. @USER  @USER We love you Steven ?
It's actually illegal (UK) for drivers to do this on purpose to pedestrians now. I don’t think they did it on purpose, per se, but they definitely could’ve reduced the amount of splash by being aware of the road.
Liked one tonight at the home deck. Thought Zarem was ready to win. Wish I saw the $10! @USER 28 percent deductions.
@USER  @USER This is amazing! Would love to get these in the hands of some  @USER parents. @USER  @USER  @USER We 100% should do a fun taste testing with  @USER pet parents!
TMC is no better than BJP.
They're just another extreme of the political spectrum. No, no, the TMC is in no way comparable to the BJP. Yes, a lot of goons associate with the party to get into positions of power. And TMC allows that happily. But the BJP are genocidal maniacs! There's a huge difference there.
Get fucked. I’m Irish American, she’s right to march by me.
And I’m as Irish as you, bro. You don’t have to be Irish to be Irish. And you don’t have to be Irish to be Irish either. Nan and Pop were born and raised in Ireland and Dad always taught me I was Irish. The Irish never stop being Irish. Why do you think we march in those parades anyway?
EDIT: I’m leaving this here and you guys can downvote it to hell, like I give a shit. It’s not up to you if I’m Irish or not. I know I’m Irish and I’ve got the passport to prove it. If you have a problem with that, you gotta open your fucking eyes and stop being so goddamn judgemental. Fucking telling people they’re not Irish, shame on you. >And I’m as Irish as you, br
You're American ?
Is there anyone else on twitter today that didn't watch any of the pageantry on the TV. @USER Me and all my family and friends..massive, cultish mournfest.
Went grocery shopping at Woolworths today and all the shelves were well stocked. Might depend on your area or could just be Aldi not wanting to pay Sunday rates to restock the shelves. I went to Coles and they had everything except hand sanitizer (panadol was low too). I didn't want it myself but was curious if it was still in stock. I personally think people should keep two weeks of food and water for any emergency at all times but mostly people don't until there's potentially an issue then all go out at once to buy shit. So expect people to start buying up soon.
@USER Seems to me that dry cleaning (women’s blouse v men’s shirt) is consistently more expensive and you can’t just decide to opt out and still have it cleaned. Is that not accurate that women are charged more? (Probably shoulda taken Ec10). @USER  @USER Dry cleaned vs laundry. Men's shirts with different buttons are also charged more than standard ahirt laundry.
@USER  @USER 7464094674 plz phone pay number fever and money. @USER  @USER Plz brothers.
Jose is genuinely the best counter in this team, and by quite a distance as well. @USER Shocking tactics by them Dan.
@USER Carly may Kavanaugh again? Need to reach out to her employers. Ridiculous apology. She’s only sorry she’s been outed. Disgusting. @USER  @USER Sorry, did you just suggest trying to get someone fired?
That's good. Much better to be over prepared in these cases. Why do you think this is over prepared?
Finding Nemo. That shit was scary as fuck. Shat my pants only looking at the title, never scare me like that again man.
$250 give away to who leaves the most comments &amp;  $250  to whoever leaves the last comment ‼️
Ends in 3 days &amp; post must reach 5,000 comments to trigger this giveaway.....
Comment “ #apejet “  and teg your 2 friends. @USER Jay APEJET.
@USER You're correct but their way sounds much more dramatic.. @USER  @USER Indeed,much histrionics and an extraordinary display of flouncing . I could never come close to emulate that level of exposition .(I was a disappointment to my parents ).
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The years of self-destruction?
i notice it looks much better coming in than going out. your ancestors were truly the pioneers of the australian gold rush.
How tf people keep travelling all the fucking time? I hate Instagram posts of my friends.
It's the doggy sugar tax. Sugar doggy tax.
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The criminal years!
Does anyone else get a cold nose when the temperature drops? I always feel like I need a nose sock kinda thing ? @USER My nose runs . Yes. I guess it does get cold !
Check yourself if the above information is written on  Canadian official website 
 URL 
If you open the article title and body are contracting each other. 
Edit:.
u/futuoerecutus provided me the url  which has the stated information. 
 URL 
It appears to be genuine. It does state to "Exercise High degree of Caution" in India. However it doesn't tells explicitly the reasons that are there in the article.
Alicia Vikander is on tv in Tomb Raider. My wife is leering even more than I am. She’s an absolute stunner. Married a Kerryman unfortunately. @USER Married Colm 'the gooch' Cooper I think.
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The F#%&gt;ed Up Chaos.
We are in Melbourne and nothing has changed at all. Went to Woolies today, no dramas. ??‍♀️. Stores were busier than usual and I did notice some things were low in stock. But nobody going nuts, queues weren't too long. 
We've been buying extra bit-by-bit for a month now and are stocked up. I figured even if the outbreak wasn't going to be a big deal, other people might disagree and clear shelves at some point.
The Jews control Israel. ...
I mean, you're not wrong, but...
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER उत्तम वचन
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
Giving your 2 year old fake guns, cracking parent. Looks about right for the area anyway. Dont you know that its the oppressive society that forces them to be scumbags ?   Just like being poor forces people to spend all their money on alcohol and cigarettes.
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER Impossible, may be he felt on something but can’t decide.
@USER HELL YEA THATS A FACT! @USER FAM the sauce was straight fye no ?
@USER Sorry to hear that. We certainly understand your concern. Request you to share the order details so that we'll have this checked and assist you accordingly. (1/2). @USER This is nothing about sorry guys.
Sure Ireland hasn't been neutral since ww never.
We claim to be neutral but we're very pro allied. We are still neutral.
I'm not sure you fully understand what that means tbf.
When intelligent people read, they ask themselves a simple question: What do I plan to do with this information? @USER I've read this tweet and now plan to reply with a witty riposte.
We just outraised Greg Abbott — again.

Now we’re going to defeat him. That’s how we overcome his extremism and move Texas forward. @USER Money won’t get you elected.
another jobless bollywood sanghi found
 URL. Who knew the brother of Ekta Kapoor, the sanghis favourite TV producer, was a RW zombie. 
Tusshar (why there are two s in his name is beyond me) is a Akshay Kumar clan fixture. This was expected.
@USER Hurrah! ???? well done that boy! @USER ?
I have a company credit card for entertaining customers which I have, on occasion, used to purchase an extravagant selection of biscuits for the office. How extravagant?
@USER Can it just be branded as electronic music and then differentiate by calling it good or bad? @USER Not really.
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER  @USER just for the record: YOU ARE NO LEADER! Shame on you!
आजकल के लोग गाय चराने में शर्म
 और कुत्ता घूमाने में गर्व महसूस करते हैं. @USER Right.
OK. Thanks for that. We appreciate your enthusiasm!
Listen, about the women, if you want them, you can have them. Maybe we can do a cultural exchange whereby we send you a few Gráinnes and Sinéads and you send us some Lunas and Danielas. Would that be a good place to start? Absolutely, whenever said Gráinnes, Sinéads, Lunas and Danielas are fine with it. I'm sure they as well are up to a cultural exchange. But jokes aside, i like those Irish names as well. They seem really natural and  unpretentious.
@USER So you DO wear bedclothes?    As for the fox walking through - no thanks, the cat is bad enough! @USER Lol. Bedclothes in the uk are a safety feature. We’d freeze to death without them! ?
> A motel on the New South Wales South Coast has charged a guest $50 for writing what it described as a "defamatory" review.
> 
> Sharon Graham spent two nights at the Mollymook Ocean View Motel last week, and gave the motel a score of six out of 10 on the website Booking.com.
> 
> Ms Graham said the location was good but a bit noisy, and that she was unsure whether the motel offered daily room service.
> 
> "I thought it was quite a fair review," Ms Graham said.
> 
> Ms Graham was shocked when, having checked out, she received a second invoice which listed a $50 credit card fee for leaving a "false review" online.
> 
> The motel said the $50 will be refunded when the review is taken down.
> 
> "Social media bookings false review will be refunded if removed within 24 hours," the invoice read.
> 
> Motel management claimed the review was misleading and harmed the business's public image.
> 
> "The score is not even close to the average rating," the motel said. I read this woman's original post on Facebook. She was actually then charged another $50 for "administrative letter writing". Contacted police who called the motel manager to tell her what she was doing was illegal, but the manager hung up on them. There were a slew of other examples in the comments of the manager responding poorly to reviews, even threatening one person with a call to immigration. Someone even found a positive review that the manager had written herself under her own name, and then responded to as the business to give thanks.
My childhood ass whoopings. Can you write that in more than four words.
Rise and shine beeches. Wakey wakey.
Philadelphia is where it's at, we're gay af. Baltimore too. Come on over and be gay with us.
Well enjoyed this ! You have to make this a regular weekly thing with your bouncer mates stories also! Back in the early 90’s shit was way different. I remember seeing some bad ‘scruff of neck’ dragging into the ‘back room’ at our club we used to go to, I always assumed rival dealers as the ones allowed to work the club were there every week. Anyway times have changed.. Nothing like that now. 
There is a little passage In law to do with use of force and more specific preemptive strikes etc that is something along the lines of, “ special consideration should be taken around the prosecution of security staff at licensed premises due to the nature of their role and frequent contact with conflict” 
Sure many door staff will agree that consideration is pretty slim sometimes and a genuine concern that I’ve seen people post/ mention is that you can be in a full physical fight with someone that wants to do you harm and you have no idea how much support you will get from a legal perspective. 
You know that if someone complains it’s entirely someone is gonna sit there for hours picking the cctv apart frame by frame with some paper noting every moment of physical contact you make and try to decide from their office chair if they felt it reasonable.
David Miscavige, the chairman of the Church of Scientology definitely murdered his wife and is getting off scott free for it. Him and his wife got into a pretty heated argument in 2007, and she hasn’t been seen since. Lawyers hired by David claim she is still alive and devotes 100% of her time to work at the church of scientology, which is why she hasn’t been seen since August 2007. In 2013, a former member of the church had filed a missing person report that was closed after a few officers had “spoken and seen Mrs.Miscavige”, even though there’s no evidence whatsoever of this meeting. All missing person’s reports now are turned down since this investigation is forever closed. She is either dead or locked in a bunker.
Is it true there's more panic buying in Chinese neighbourhoods? Yes. 
Chinese restaurant are going broke. No one visiting them.
Here you go mate, hope you're good at chemistry: 
 URL. You'd have to be high to want to do this, I mean really.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER Spout what you like. It doesn’t take a nuclear scientist to see that Scottish people are much more able, smarter, caring, clever and compassionate. Beats me why anyone would want to be governed by the parcel of rogues that is Westmonster.
Why has Reddit become so religiously biased. Every  religion has stuff that is practiced because guys wake the fuck up ... Religion is imagined more imagines and fiction than real.
It's hocus pocus done by a guy wearing fancy clothes. 
Stop taking the Koran literally, it's a book of wisdom not a Standard operation procedure because it was written for a different time. 
Stop taking the Bible very seriously, a lot if it was written way after Jesus was no more.
Manusmriti the hindu guidebook is ridiculous and makes for a good read to understand the wisdom of the time and that's that.
That being said religion is magic to those with faith. So when you make fun of one faith they retaliate and make fun of another. Hurt and pain begets hurt and pain. It's a bad cycle.
So dear reddit stop saying religiously inflammatory shit for any religion. 
I know I am guilty just the same and hope that my realisation transcends in you too. Spotted the cow piss drinker ^.
Nothing better than a Sunday morning fry-up. Only question is… red sauce or brown?? ?? @USER U shouldn't need to ask that question it's brown ???
My conserve roof blew off thanks to that wanker Dennis.
Still, the even bigger dick splashes at Aviva home insurance have yet to do anything about it. Send the twats a tweet, I did with Curry's and got a response immediately. Seems to be the way now as they don't like bad press.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब_जी_अमर_रहे. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब_जी_अमर_रहे 
#मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#बहुजन_महानायक.
What about the significant drop in homeless figures during the election campaign and then this month there back up over 10000. I knew when the figures came out just before the election it was fishy as fuck.
@USER Top tune. You going to Moondance on Saturday? @USER Unfortunately not, you going?
The end of Arrival had me confused about timespace causality stuff. Great movie.
@USER Thank you so much! I truly feel so grateful for this! My heart is so delighted and I am not only happy but also extremely pleased, since this is an accomplishment of a milestone in my life. Thank you! @USER  @USER Congratulations ? Nehal.
@USER  @USER Thinking SNP need to announce and call out these obvious slurs. How many Conservative MPs are under investigation, the ones that are public, l've honestly lost count. @USER  @USER  @USER I think 56.
@USER Happy blessed birthday my boy. @USER  @USER ??❤.
Probably listens to ur conversation lmao. I mean say what you want about Apple, there’s plenty to say, but Apple takes security pretty seriously.
I live in a hostel and I am really pissed about using a common bathroom. I can understand ? proper and regular cleaning of bathroom should be their priority.
They should. It's ridiculous. Especially those fools that go swimming in the middle of a storm. Putting other lives in danger. Those people are absolute pricks but I still don't think this is a good idea.
We used to throw quite a few parties at my old uni place. People would just pass out where and as they pleased.
Woke up to one of our mates standing in our living room, obviously sleep walking - he was pissing directly onto our sofa. We shouted at him, no response. So my housemate punched him, which woke him and stopped him pissing.
We explained to him what he was doing, he apologised, went back to sleep and got up in the morning to clean the piss off my sofa. Fortunately it was a leather sofa, but it was still a bit pissy so we just made people we didn't like sit on it. That classic smirk everyone gave each other when someone was made to sit on the pissy sofa xD.
Fidel Castro being Canadian PM Justin Trudeau's father.
The resemblance really is uncanny (he looks nothing like his supposed biological father) and when you see that the dates his mom was staying with the Castros in Cuba, everything really does line up.  She also had numerous affairs rumors with people like Mick Jagger while she was married.  She really had a history of getting around and partying at places like Studio 54, etc. Apparently the timelines don't match at all. His mother didn't meet him until after Trudeau was born. The rebuttal I saw also had pictures of young Pierre Trudeau to Justin Trudeau and they're similar.
And to add salt to your and our wounds, majority of the people on İnternet and social media are supporting this or are enjoying this.
Media hasn't changed, it's still the same. They didn't even cover the transfer of judge overnight with the same passion as they covered Ankit Sharma's murder.
No questioning from Modi-Shah or BJP. People are supporting Kapil Mishra. All blame shifted to Tahir Hussain.
Sorry freedom fighters, we let you down. Remember the time after Pulwama, how everyone was shouting for war.
@USER Class ..As always x. @USER Thank you ??
everyone from Lincoln simultaneously: 'Did you know the Cathedral was once the world's tallest building?' 
Source: from Lincoln. Honestly I was gonna point out how old it was.
Depends on how the shipper sends it.   If they send it via post, then Aust Post handles it here.    But if they use a courier service like DHL or Fed Ex, then they handle it all the way to your door.
Most couriers will not deliver to a post box either. ahh ok, that's a shame. thanks for the insight.
To keep people away from me on the way home from shopping today, I coughed a couple of times and wholeass groups of adults changed their path.
I'd see someone walking my way, I'd cough a lil and they would look for a way out. I know it's a lil mean, but it's the best way to keep people away from me since I already washed my hands, used sanitiser and took precautions before. That's pretty smart.
Yes. Inherited  property has to be equally divided. person who inherited is alive and he's selling it . He mentioned it's not ancentral property. I'm not sure descendant can object .
At the moment the coronavirus has a higher mortality rate than the Spanish flu, it also seems to spread very quickly and can live on surfaces for upto 9 days. Given that it wouldn’t take much for Irish hospitals to become overwhelmed, how bad do you think this could get? It wouldn’t take much for already limited resources to become overwhelmed. But the HSE have been getting prepared for this and the infectious disease units are ready and waiting for serious cases.
Not going to lie to anyone, it’s going to get worse before it gets better. But the vast majority of cases will be mild, we just need to keep on top and take it serious if we’re told to self isolate.
Do men still cook &amp;wash the dishes???? @USER Mine does, thank goodness ?.
Vegemite is the red line. You must like Vegemite. Only in the bedroom.
Mostly because the media paints it out to be worse than it is. The flu kills more yearly than corona. News services in particular are the worst for this. They want little more than views. The flu kills more people yearly than falling in to active volcanoes. 
This doesn't make the flu more dangerous than active volcanoes.
Dear all ,

I have no objection to you guys putting your personal opinions, comments etc. 
But ,
My humble request to you Please do not tag or mention me in your personal posts. 

In case of exception, I will be forced to take strict action against you.

??? @USER ଏଇ ଲେଖା ପଢି ମୁଁ ତ ଜମାରୁ ଆମ ଭାଇଙ୍କୁ tag କରିବି ନାହିଁ  ମୋତେ ଯିଏ tag କରିଲେ କିଛି କଥା ନାଇଁ  ଯାହାର ବେଳା ଖରାପ ଥିବ ସେ ହିଁ ଆମ ଭାଇଙ୍କୁ tag କରିବ ?????
@USER  @USER please share your advice . @USER  @USER Just saw. Will do ?????
Excellent on SMTV:live as a kid. I loved watching them get frustrated with the thick as shit kids who couldn't get the phone in competitions right.
But as an adult they're not appealing at all. They're quite creepy. my fav was 'dec says' with his waffling and ant reacting in the background.
@USER What's on the tab with Pornhub? @USER  @USER ?
Queen or Prince? @USER I am a huge fan of queen but I got to go with prince was a once in a generation talent.
This man is so completely focused towards engineering riots. Gotta stick to your strengths.
URL 
Just need to time it properly! Just be careful not to wank the whole business away.
@USER Most of people judge the book by its cover. @USER Hell yeah.
What SONG did YOU listen to TODAY? @USER If I could Turn Back Time by @cher.
Happy Birthday to pyaare redditors :* u/rorschach34 u/gumnaamflautist. Aur mai?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I’m at the same game visiting from Manchester ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER if you need someone to share a taxi...
Has Lord Lebedev of Siberia and Johnson been sanctioned yet? @USER  @USER Of course not!
Is there a sub for finding gem stones? Dunno. If you find it let me know.
વડોદરાના સલાટવાડા વિસ્તારમાં રખડતા ઢોરે ગર્ભવતી મહિલાને અડફેટે લેતા ગર્ભમાં રહેલા બાળકનું મૃત્યુ, મનપાએ ઢોર માલિક સમજતા નથી એમ કહીને હાથ ઉંચા કર્યા

#Vadodara. @USER Chotila hiway par pan che jo daya aave to tya pan koye javu.
Jupiter gonna be wondering where the fuck all these random Irish parcels are coming from. If Jupiter was going to turn into a sun, that would have happened a long time ago. I mean, even The Year We Make Contact was like ten years ago.
PS: And you know what that means too, right? It means, go ahead, land on Europa. Knock yourself out.
I don’t know anyone who’s acc finished suits everyone gave up somewhere. @USER Wasn’t that the same after Mike left ??
@USER Le niveau anglais ainsi que la faune et la flore la plus violente recenser sue terre. @USER Je suis aller en nz avec un niveau 0 et j’en suis ressorti quasi bilingue, c’est justement le but

Faune et flore fait être au courant je peux pas nier ça, mais historiquement les mort/problème sont ultra rare maintenant.
@USER You’re a bitch. @USER Yup! You too ???
Hello everyone. Today is my 73rd birthday. Haven't heard from family. Can I  please get some birthday likes? @USER Happy birthday.
Joan Collins hired her husband. Seán Sherlock hired his sister. Andrew Doyle hired his sister. Bernard Durkan hired his son. Brendan Griffin hired his wife and his cousin. Alan Farrell hired his wife. Kate O'Connell hired her sister. John McGuinness hired his son. Danny Healy-Rae hired his wife. Michael Healy-Rae hired his son (he had also worked in the role for his father). Martin Heydon hired his sister. Michael Collins hired his brother. Seán Canny hired his wife. Helen Mac Entee hired her aunt and cousin. Catherine Byrne hired her daughter and her niece. Michael Ring hired his daughter.  Sean O Fearghail  hired his daughter. Ciarán Cannon hired his wife. Mattie McGrath hired his daughter and his niece.
I could probably go on, but I think that gives a sense of the level of nepotism in this.
Costello's wife is Hazel Chu, a green party cllr. He could have done the easy thing and hired her on the sly.
TDs doing this will tell you that "they're well qualified for the role", but what is telling is that none of them are willing to run an open competition to see if anyone better qualified will show up. >Costello's wife is Hazel Chu, a green party cllr. He could have done the easy thing and hired her on the sly.
She's going to be mayor in a few months and will be going for TD in future so not really.
Loved this as a kid.
In hindsight it was completely mental though. *without my pants.
@USER Can’t be an easy trip - sorry to hear Oscar . Thoughts are with you mate . @USER Thanks G-unit.
Watch where the dog usually poops and shit there, no one will suspect a thing. This guy "yard poops".
@USER  @USER Dear Sir/Madam, we assure you that we're with you in this. In order to protect your privacy and maintain confidentiality, we have replied to you via direct message. @USER  @USER This shows how fraudulent your services are and your bank as well.

I haven't received any message from your bank yet.
The fuckers aren't even taxed on the money in this country. I always thought it was weird that gambling winnings are taxable in the US. No need for it here.
@USER Wow, Jacob Rees-Mogg must be wetting himself with happiness. Back to those longed for Victorian era days, where the rich live in comfort and luxury. Everyone else can just f**k themselves.
Liz Truss, prime minister for the 1%. @USER  @USER And this is before they start dismantling the worker and environment protections that the EU gave folk.
I've seen a stack of these photos but when I go down to Woolies or Aldi,  the only thing that's missing from the shelves is Aeroguard. Not just at the nearest one to me but the two other suburbs I regularly stop at to buy stuff as I travel past. Might depend on your suburb I guess. In Carlingford, Sydney the aisles of long life products were like this.
Poundland (if I had 20 pounds not dollars). That must be the UK version of our Dollar stores haha. Never even considered that.
@USER  @USER You have used which app? @USER  @USER There are many available on Google playstore...it is Timestamp camera.
@USER  @USER @EK3N3. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER This is the reason why most of these guys don't give access to fans. Why record him?
I hope that bench remains empty. Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way. The lad at the back probably read this sign and decided to sit somewhere else.
Goddamn leftist greenie terrorists are LITERALLY changing the seasons. What next? FFS. This is what happens when you don't rake the leaves.
Light switch. Jacksfilms fan, or...?
Fuck carlow they beat me in the feile when I was 13. They all looked like 30 year old men. We have to win a match in football some how.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER People.
When you’re young, work to learn don’t work to earn.
You should prioritise study over work. Go full time uni and part time work. >work to learn don’t work to earn
What kind of boomer shit is this? Young people still have rent to pay.
That Stanley Kubrick faked the moon landing and also that he was "taken out" for making Eyes Wide Shut. You really think he was killed for revealing that humans have secret super powers?
@USER Congratulations Alex, plenty of game time is the key mate!  All the best… unleash ? @USER Thanks very much Rob. Hope you’re keeping well ??
And people that just leave milk/ice cream/random meat on random shelves to go off. They should also be part of the roundup for punishment! Biggest annoyance for me when I used to put frozen food out, the amount of products customers dump in the freezer! Should be charged as theft if caught! Waste of food.
Even though 1 offender is too many, to put this in perspective: There are over 11,000 police officers in Queensland, 84 officers is less than 1% of officers. If the problem under-reported and actually 10 times worse, that's still only about 7% of the police force. ACAB retards will still think it's the entire police force, the abuse thing is the same as all other shit. Some muslims did some terrorist shit but it doesn't make every muslim a terrorist. Some weebs like the kiddie shit but it doesn't make all weebs pedos. Some cops are cunts but it doesn't make them all cunts. Everytime I see ACAB I instantly picture some filthy bogan living of welfare lol.
What in the actual crap is wrong with you. ;).
The kind of venom Hindutva supporters are spewing at Mulayam Singh Yadav on his demise is at another level altogether. @USER A tragic chapter in the history by Indian Democracy shall come to an end soon. The Hindutva groups &amp; the body media will be paying a price for their Unconstitutional blunders. Jai Hind.
@USER Heading to Stove for anniversary dinner, which is next door to Northern Lights, so keeping my fingers crossed. @USER Fab, happy anniversary ?
It looks delicious. Sad I've never have one. Never had a yorkshire pudding of any size?!
Would that be the same Brian Houston who protected his paedophile father? yes.
@USER Good Morning Lee. We absolutely do. Hope you have a happy day. ?? @USER Thank you Ron.?
They aren't bright enough to get into IIts/IIMs !
So they go abroad where anyone with money can buy a seat. Maybe they aren't bright enought to get into IITs and IIMs, but surely they will get much better education there.
@USER  @USER Biggest reason: traveling to Edinburgh. Any chance on an EU tour? @USER  @USER All depends on how Edinburgh goes!
@USER I'd add Dames Maggie Smith and Shirley Bassey. @USER Yep definitely.
You are still making "Australia Day" about the British monarchy so I don't think changing the date to today is going to fly with the people protesting about the current date... of course I don't think any date is going to suit them. Nah, I’m making it about parliamentary and judicial sovereignty, not the monarchy. The Queen can stay in England and have fuck all to do with Australia, thanks.
Australia is a de facto republic anyway (‘commonwealth’ is actually a synonym for ‘republic’) and while I’d like to become a real republic, I reckon the Australia Acts are way more constitutionally important to us as a sovereign country than the arrival of the first fleet.
@USER One caveat. Most of the things Biden says are lies. @USER  @USER Well first of all you have to be educated to the extent that you can differentiate between, facts, opinion and total insanity! Your gullible and grossly misinformed there Vern!
@USER Stunning ?
Gm gm 
Have a pleasant amazing day. @USER Gm gm. Good day?
People say this every year. We've only been saying it since 2016. Remember when 2016 started with a load of celebrities dying? Then Brexit, then Trump. The celebrity deaths culminated with George Michael and Carrie Fisher in December. Seriously go look at all the amazing musicians and actors that died in 2016. Ever since then the world has gone fucking mental.
I've done a similar thing.
I live in China and McDonald's deliver 24/7, but at the time, after 10pm they only do a limited menu, and you have to buy whole meals.
Well a few of us drunkenly went back to a friend's at about 2am, all hungry, one guy wanted two Big Macs but nothing else, someone else wanted a double cheese burger and nuggets and I wanted nuggets and chicken wings, plus god knows what else 
I explained its meals only and everyone was alright with that, and then the guy turned up and we must be have about 8 large cokes and fries and then all these burgers and nuggets and chicken wings.
Next day I guess the guy woke up forgetting what we'd done as we all got texts asking when the fuck did he open a McDonald's franchise
Good times. Chinese McDonald's >> any McDonald's elsewhere. Especially their fried chicken steak and the grilled chicken burger (坂烧鸡腿堡) is amazing and only sold within China.
Are they some sort of um, niche club or brothel? That could explain the $50/hr pre-checkin fee!
You're exclusive when you stop seeing other people. I know this sounds like a stupid question, but the guy I’m currently seeing said he’s not seeing anyone else and agreed to let me know if he does see someone else, and the same vice versa. Does that mean we are exclusive for now? I’m new to all this lol (I’m 25, just got out of a long distance relationship).
By 2030, nearly 600 million people could still live on less than $2.15 daily.

@WorldBank’s latest Poverty and Shared Prosperity Report looks at the global poverty landscape after COVID &amp; other crises &amp; recommends policies to help countries correct course. @USER Nice ?
to all my friends who are going thru it or down bad, it gets better. 

not for me, shit is bonkers out here, you’ll be fine tho. @USER I've never me your Gabe, but I've been a fan of your music for a long time now after hearing about you from Flip, Prozack, Stretch and Design. I genuinely believe tings will get better for you. You made some of the best hip-hop of my formative years. To me you're a legend. ✊.
Hi, we direct the majority of food / breakfast / look at my plate type posts to r/uk_food these days. 
I’ve removed this one. No problem!
@USER You’re in for a good night. @USER Tonight’s gonna be a good good night.
@USER Wait…so am I! @USER  @USER every time i feel bad about myself i remember he's two years older than i am.
ee kaha se tapak pade beech me. Lagta hai BJP ka ticket chahiey.
@USER Great picture. @USER Thanks Helen.
Or hand sanitizers on amazon sells for £14, LITTLE FUCKING BOTTLES. If you fancy making your own it's relatively cheap and easy. All the ingredients are cheap and in stock in eBay and Amazon.
I've ordered enough to make a litre + and bottles to put it in for around £30.
WHO Recipe:  URL.
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. The yearly flu kills around 0.07% of all cases.
This kills anywhere from 1%-3% (really, really hard to say exactly the CFR right now).
Both conditions are equally infectious. Which do you think is more dangerious?
The Brave Little Toaster™. That air conditioner, man.
अशोक गहलोत जादूगर नहीं कांग्रेस को बर्बाद करने वाले कारीगर हैं।. @USER Tumko to cm banana he pele nhi ta ke pta jo aaj cla.
Just make sure you cover your mouth... I do I make sure to always wash my hands aswell.
Bet you can’t wait for them to put that bus lane in on the Tyne bridge. The logic of the council: too much traffic causing too much pollution, let’s make the queues bigger... oh my god I just googled that, I didn’t even know it was happening. That is a terrible idea!
The SDA is a union run by social conservatives that exists to exert power within the labor party rather than do what is best for their members.
>"The SDA is a tame cat union," says Paul Conway, secretary of left-wing Victorian meatworkers union. "Its primary interest is not its members but numbers in the ACTU and ALP, getting its people into Parliament, having an impact on issues like same-sex marriage."
> URL 
You might have seen recently in the news the pro coal "Otis Group" group in labor. What you might have missed is that that group is predominantly SDA affiliated.
> What is perhaps most curious about the Otis Group, is the prominence of Members and Senators aligned to the Shop Distributive and Allied Employees Association—the Shoppies.
>Let’s go through the list: -
From the Senate:
>* Senator Ciccone: Shoppie.
* Senator Polley: Shoppie.
* Senator Kitching: an honorary Shoppie by virtue of her factional prowess.
* And, of course, The Godfather, Senator Farrell: Shoppie.
>From the House;
>* Daniel Mulino: Shoppie
* Nick Champion: Shoppie.
* Amanda Rishworth: Shoppie.
* Luke Gosling: Shoppie.
* And Anthony Byrne: a so-called ‘Mod’ which a new factional grouping that Guy Rundle
has described as ‘quantum-Shoppies: existing in two factional states simultaneously’.
>By my count, that’s basically half—of the pro-coal group of ALP parliamentarians
who are Shoppies.  And a number of these Shoppies are from places like South Australia, Northern Territory
and my home state of Tasmania where the coal industry is either quite small or non-existent.
>How very curious. Not from coal mining unions; not from coal mining states; but with the numbers in a pro-coal
faction. - The Otis Group could easy be known as the New National Civic Council.
What on earth are those Labor members who have found themselves in the Parliament because
of their affiliation with a union that represents retail workers doing spruiking for coal?
> URL 
Now you might not care about internal labor politics but what it means is that the SDA gives sweetheart deals to companies as long as they help sign up new members for the SDA which gives them more clout inside the labor party.
>A partnership was formalised with the SDA in 1971 when six major retailers, including Coles and Woolies, signed landmark “closed shop” deals under which companies would sign up their staff as SDA members on the union’s behalf. 
> URL 
But it generally means that they don't care about fighting for their members once they are signed up. Nobody wants to make enemies of big companies if they are trying to angle into a cushy parliament job.
Which leads to things like this
>Coles workers have received pay rises of as much as $150 a week after a substandard wages deal between the shop assistants union and supermarket giant was replaced.
>...
>In 2016, the full bench of the Fair Work Commission found that deal failed the "better off overall test", the legal test that workers have to be paid more than the award.
>More than half the workforce was underpaid, evidence from Coles’ own expert showed.
>It took nearly another two years of legal wrangling after that Fair Work ruling for a new agreement to take effect. That deal now largely reflects the minimum rates of the award.
>Nelio Da Silva, who has worked for more than five years at Coles, now gets paid an extra $140 a week under the new deal.
>He recently joined the new union, the Retail and Fast Food Workers Union, whose secretary Josh Cullinan exposed the Coles deal in 2015.
>"'I was always after a union that represented me better,’’ Mr Da Silva said. ''They (SDA) are more conservative and that’s not me.''
>The SDA is well known for its conservative social positions whether on abortion, euthanasia and for many years on same sex marriage.
>It is the largest affiliate of the ALP and has substantial political sway in Labor and the ACTU.
>An Age and SMH investigation across 2015 and 2016 revealed SDA deals across fast food and retail left more than 250,000 workers paid less than the award and saved business at least an estimated $300 million a year.
>But despite that the fate of these workers has drawn little or no support from the broader union movement, even as unions have campaigned against penalty rate cuts, wage theft and flat wages.
>Ms Ramnac had been suspicious of the SDA after her manager at McDonald’s pushed hard for her to join.
>''When I went to McDonald’s they really pushed for the SDA, obviously I joined because I was a vulnerable young worker,'' she says.
>''Soon I realised, on my own terms, they weren’t doing much. When you’re not accountable, not transparent, I can’t trust you.''
> URL 
Hope it helps. I wish it did. 
It sounds mostly political. Kind of curious to hear from people who are with raffwu and whether they're more effective at getting workers what they want.
A different girls name, i called her Rachel and that was my-ex, she wasn't over the moon. Ross?
@USER All the best bro. @USER Thanks bro.
Why does Mayo extend into the ocean but everywhere else stops at the coast? Hard to carve the islands of mayo without them breaking off, easier to do 2 stages of relief.
If you could pick your FAVOURITE thing from ANY #SQLBits event, what would you choose?

????☕️? @USER That time, when a huge curtain reveal the whole fun fair at SQL Bits Party Telford.
@USER Oh bloody heck! @USER Not ideal.
Have sex with all the girls, lesbians know their way around better anyway. MOOD, being Gay or Bi would ultimately destroy the premise of this.
@USER Hi Karan! I am here to help you. I’ve made a note of your concern. Our team will get in touch with you shortly - Priyanshu. @USER Any details you need ?
@USER the song or the place? @USER Song.
@USER Thought you’d enjoy this @phil_couser. @USER  @USER  @USER Has Kwarteng pinched your nickname?
No one in your country sought to abuse Australia publicly yes, but Australians, such as myself, have certainly been on the receiving end of snide remarks and hateful comments about it across the Tasman. 
That being said, that man left Australia with an open mind, to backpack through the subcontinent and was then radicalised backpacking through Europe. He was radicalised by social media, not by fucking Grafton, NSW. Having spent a bit of time in Grafton, it probably didn't help.
Epstein didn't kill himself and he hosted pedoparties on some island in the Caribbean
The chemical that can turn frogs gay exists and it could potentially work for humans
The Masons built the current Denver Airport to hide something important
And I'm sure I'm missing some
PS: Top2 have been proven to be mostly true for a fact, 3rd is known except for the "something important" thingy. I live in Denver. I go to the airport a few times a year. For the past 2 years or so they have had the same construction stuff in the same places. They have these big walls to hide whatever they’re doing, with posters that are making fun of the airport conspiracy theory. Whenever I’m waiting in line at security I hear a banging sound that doesn’t sound like construction tools. It sounds like they’re just randomly banging on a metal pipe. I think a lot of the evidence is bullshit, like the murals and the runways being in the shape of a swastika, but it is a little fishy that the queen supposedly owns property near there. And the airport is really far away. I get that Stapleton Airport was too close to the city, but DIA is in what seems like Kansas. So there might be something there.
चुनाव आयोग ने उद्धव ठाकरे गुट को आगामी विधानसभा चुनावों के लिए जलती हुई "मशाल" चुनाव चिन्ह आवंटित किया है।पार्टी का नाम होगा "शिवसेना उद्धव बाला साहब ठाकरे" 

महाराष्ट्र के मुख्यमंत्री एकनाथ शिंदे के गुट की पार्टी का नाम "बालासाहेब बालासाहेबआंची शिवसेना" होगा।. @USER Bahut Late ho Gaye Sir, Update karne me.
Claire Byrne deserves credit after the leaders debate. I thought she was unreal on that. People always say this after election debates.
"The real winner was the host!"
You have to really fuck up, like Matt and Ivan, to not come across well hosting debates like that.
Seriously, why are there SO MANY CREDIT SCORE APPS now?! Is there some sort of crisis I'm not aware of? Are brits really that shit with money? I need answers! The law changed with GDPR meaning the credit reference agencies were obligated to give you access for free. Previously they could charge some admin fee.
So to recoup somewhat, and deal with the cost of all the extra people wanting their information they decided to try to monitise a bit more. Sometimes you pay them directly for something, sometimes they sell you to loan companies. That sort of thing.
Are these surgical mask you're talking about or P2 masks?
I do the ordering for our faculty which needs masks and P2 masks are non existent to order, it's a nightmare. We have plenty of surgical masks in stock so I'd hate for those to be hard to get when I re order  them. surgical masks. we have always have our p2 locked away.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. Isn’t it more believable that an insanely wealthy narcissist couldn’t face a lifetime behind bars and an underfunded and incompetent prison system messed up?
The president openly confessed to sexually assaulting a woman and nothing happened.  What more damage could Epstein have done to anyone?
That means nothing. Yeah, it's pretty much the norm for all really rich people (politicians included) to send their kids to study in these kinds of universities and it isn't just one political party that does it.
Best dance/rave club you went to?? @USER The Arches.
10 minutes!? You might want to consider not boiling a full kettle. Quicker and better for your pocket (and the planet). it batters my haddock whenever my parents come to visit and I go to boil the kettle to find there's 6 litres of water in there and all they did was have a cup of tea each.
Thats not a cabinet, its a closet... There are more LNP MPs in the closet than in this cabinet.
Former supporter, last night: “Joe, you’re a Democrat. Just admit it.”

Me: “I’m not a Democrat.”

Him: “U support Democrats. So u support their policy agenda.”

Me: “I oppose most of their agenda. But this isn’t about policy. It’s about our democracy.”

Him: “You’re a Democrat.”. @USER Most agree to wanting the highest level of autonomy possible (small government). Most agree our taxes should be efficiently managed. 
Most agree the Executive branch has swelled too large. 
This is where we almost all agree.

It makes one neither liberal or conservative.
भारत के तीन महापुरुष  दुनिया में सदैव याद जायेंगे 
1 गौतमबुद्ध - ध्यान के लिए।
2 अम्बेडकर - ज्ञान के।
3 कलाम - विज्ञान के  लिए ।
#जय_भीम_जय_संविधान_जय_विज्ञान. @USER कृष्ण से बड़ा किसी का ध्यान नहीं,विवेकानंद जैसा ज्ञान नहीं और वेदों जैसा विज्ञान नहीं।.
I thought that was going to be a really boring game after the first 20 minutes, but that turned into one hell of a final to be fair. Congratulations Leicester. @USER Hope you got to see the URC final, was an absolute cracker of a game!
Bring the bread with you and try every toaster. I almost got chucked out of Curry's when I suggested this last time.
Looks awesome. Makes me want a cup of Cottee’s Coola cordial. There’s not much that doesn’t make me wanna make a Coola. It is THE taste of summer nostalgia.
How tf would they read this. Getting someone to read it for them and type a response. Happens sometimes on this sub.
@USER #FZS
I am a FZS V3 BS6 bike user and just after one and half year tank panel is got broken. Most of the FZS user are facing same problem. If we go to the service centre, they ask to change the panel. What a worst design for fitting of this tank panel.  1/2. Design should be rigid and trouble free. Very disappointed. People are investing 1.3 lac amount for bike means they expect something good. Whole tank is fitted on just 2 screws??  Look is okay but .... This tank panel is the big fault of the designer. Need solution
@India_Yamaha.
@USER Happy Sunday Lana ☀️. @USER Happy Sunday John, ??
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER He’s playing to a Russian public and hawks first. But I agree. He’s upped the stakes. He had to. It strengthens his negotiating position if that is what it comes to. He knows he can’t win a conventional war.
Greed and panic. I have no problem using rags or hopping straight in the shower if need be. Exactly bruh hop in that shower and wash that ass for 30 seconds and be super duper clean.
@USER Campaign intern needs to watch Schoolhouse Rock &amp; learn who signs bills into law. @USER  @USER You need to do research on the Missouri law. It was passed by a GOP super majority and signed by a GOP  governor even though it could not be implemented at the time.  Unconstitutional. 
It had provisions if the SC ever overturned Roe it could be implemented.
مچوم‌تویت های مره کسی میبینه یانه؟
اگر دیدید یگان ریتویت بزنید مطمئین شوم
#StopHazaraGenocide. @USER We can't retwitt you 
It's lock.
Such a short term outlook by the governing bodies. The sport gets so much more exposure and interest (and new fans) by being on free to air, terrestrial TV. Cricket hemorrhaged fans when it went from Channel 4 to Sky years ago, same with Formula 1. I used to go every year to Hockenheim. Had my fixed ticket in the Südtribüne, awesome seats. Favourite memory was Irvine winning and Jordan coming third in 99. Brilliant weekends mixing with great fans from all over. Once it went behind a paywall I lost interest totally, stopped going as I no longer watched. Couldn't even tell you the teams in F1 now outside the old regulars.
I really hope the same doesn't happen to the rugby now.
You can get turkey unicorns and things these days. They're just reshaped turkey Dinosaurs/Jetters/Drummers. Sad face.
jack black… forever my celeb crush. @USER This makes sense….
@USER Why is ozuna dh? @USER Both fair questions.
Just in : Dia Mirza has requested Putin to use pollution free missiles to strike on Ukraine. @USER She may ask him to fire harmless bullets also.
@USER Yeah all up on site 2-1 joints Kildare and Romeo. @USER If Romeo gets 4 box he probably go 6/4.
Looks like a Caterpillar D6, absolute unit of plant machinery. Not when the D11 exists!
I wouldn't be surprise if  @USER told the Premiers to drop protections ahead of the Federal election. Not make Labor "part of lockdown", Gets it both ways. Let it rip under Scott then pretend hands are tied. Premiers held out for so long. @USER  @USER He is pure evil. A bully and a narcissist. Malicious too.
@USER lmao can you IMAGINE the backyard as your backyard ?? @USER Better wear some earplugs lol.
Secure? Yeah. Their standards are so low that even social media sites would have disagreed to accept that terms and they can't ask the young people to give up social media just like that, they would shove that RSS flag right up their Asshole. They are shifting you to some other platform. That's why that bitch is bragging about giving up social media on Twitter. The fake call scam in Delhi day before yesterday was part of the plan as well, to get an excuse that fake news is doing damage and all that crap. See that interview about that incident on NDTV where they are coming with some more bullshit law for social media explained by some BJP guy himself. Since you can write this long comment, I am going to assume that you can read as long article as well.
GIMS is not for common citizens. It is for officers and the government. It has been in planning for more than a year now.
The powers that be really think we are thick as fuck. I'm not sure how you can read social media and think we're not.
My favourite thing about having insomnia for 3 decades is people telling me how to cure it as if I haven't tried everything imaginable to avoid 10,000 sleep-deprived nights. @USER  @USER Same here. The advice is usually given by people who are good sleepers who assume we are doing something wrong, and includes weird drinks and rituals. Nothing I've ever tried works for me and I have learned to live with it. ?
"The winner... is... Sydeney". Who could forget that moment? ?
@USER HELL YEA THATS A FACT! @USER FAM the sauce was straight fye no ?
I just hope you know that it's a fake news, Images are not related drugs picture is from Nepal where father son duo was held with banned tablets. Thats why I laughed. Crazy it even got close to 1000 likes and even more tweets.
Just started watching Dr. John Campbell’s videos on YouTube, he’s a no bs approach to this ordeal and just telling the facts as we know so far. Just put out a video of global isolation and containment where he spoke about a paper in The Lancet. How to best control the outbreak by isolation of cases and isolation of the contacts of said cases. The R0 of Covid-19 is 2.6, meaning for every case, that person will infect 2.6 and so and so forth. 
So basically the paper is saying the only way to contain this is to slow the process as much as possible and completely isolate cases and contacts. Imo we’ve already fucked it with the way we’ve handled our first case. In a small country like ours it should be easier to contain but if not acted upon properly it can spread faster. I think we are gonna be at Italy levels in the coming weeks.
I’m not trying to fear monger because the majority of us should be fine but it’s so frustrating to see it not taken seriously by people. Look at Vietnam and how they have handled it, looks like they have stamped it out fast and actually took serious measures to stop it spreading from the get go. They are testing and they are isolating just not publicly announcing this.
So ... in wallet, in pocket, in pocket.
Not exactly master criminals, are they? I remember years ago my mate had a lighter that you could stash stuff in. It worked and everything. Thing is though, I never once remember getting searched going in to a bar or club in Sheffield.
@USER Can't it be claimed on insurance then they chase the money   ? @USER  @USER Insurance companies don’t cover drunks. As soon as you get behind a wheel with too much alcohol on board your insurance is null &amp; void.
@USER Two in one arm! You are a trooper! I got one in each : ) Hope you feel great! Looks like a great day! Dan. @USER I’d rather have one sore arm than two.
Tinder - People are mostly looking for casual relationships and are very out there about wanting to hookup. Because of how famous it is, it attracts all sorts of crowd. Personally I thought it had a creepy vibe.... more scope of getting pervy messages. I would be a little careful here.
Hinge - Hinge is the most favored one, the crowd is fairly decent. The platform itself encourages open discussions and keeps the conversation fun and engaging. Men on hinge are better at conversations and it has less creepy vibe. Though they are good I didn't find many guys who were looking for "marriage" they were open to dating, meeting and taking it from there. Hinge felt like a safe space to talk to cute guys and work on your dating skills, and you do end up meeting cool people.
Matrimony sites - Shaadi.com involves creating an extensive profile with lots of details. It allows you to restrict your search related to caste, religion, veg - non veg, smoking drinking etc. The agenda is very clear so everyone on that site knows they are looking for a life partner... conversations are more honest and open... Though there will be lots of people who will reach out to you , dont be surprised if some guy's mom or brother reach out. Have clear boundaries about how much you want to engage, and set the expectations from the get go. There are some good guys there, but you gotta keep looking!
Overall - Have an open attitude, meet people , talk to them and be safe! There's a ton of useful info in your post! Thank you so much!
@USER There’s only one Queen of Ireland.

Our Lady of Knock. @USER  @USER No , Jean Byrne ( former weather presenter).
@USER No longer buses due to disposable drapes. @USER Sorry used not buses !
The Stage 3 tax cuts are both unfair and completely unaffordable. 
They were a bad idea at the time and a terrible one now. @USER Over to you Sally. Albo can’t be held to ransom by the past (Gillard) and the threat of broken heart rhetoric. There are more important issues at stake!
These bitches call me Jeffery the way I be dominant ? @USER Wilding !
Why do men stare at women? Women do the same thing in blink of an eye, where as men stare for so long... why? men have slow visual processing? ? @USER Never thought in this direction. ?
@USER  @USER I've seen jazz described as "appropriating black culture"... Where does influence end and "appropriation" begin? Not a trivial question. @USER  @USER  @USER “Can white guys play the Blues?”, and other assorted clichés?
I wonder how this changes the income of sellers. I'd always assumed that the cash you pay them was theirs minus a deduction for the cost of the magazines themselves. Do they receive payslips now? Have they always received payslips? Does the money that gets paid by card credit their bank account? So many questions. I'm pretty sure they get the magazine's for free and all the printing costs are covered by adverts and they get to keep all the money they make from selling them.
The man walked into parliament with a lump of coal and said don't be afraid of this.
Why on earth do people suddenly have this expectation of him turning away from his support of fossil fuels? Funny how coal is our second biggest export but take a lump into parliament and you are a social pariah.
"Look everyone! This is what allows us to be a first world country!"
"Geez Scomo put that thing away. That's disgusting. No-one wants to see that.".
I am about to share something that is so shocking to me that I feel I need to simply share the information, and then withhold comment until I can fully process…. @USER Lol. Another misinformation in 3,2,1….
U have problem with ur life

Look at him
ତିନି ବେଳା ରୋଷେଇ କରି, 
ମଉସା ମାଉସୀ ଙ୍କ ସବୁ କଥା ବୁଝି 
ଗୋଟେ ମାସିକ ପତ୍ରିକାର ସମ୍ପାଦକ ହେଇ
 ସୋସିଆ ମିଡିଆ ରେ ଯଥେଷ୍ଟ ସମୟ ଦେଇ ବି ଆଜି ସେ OAS ପାଇଛନ୍ତି।
ତାଙ୍କ ସଫଳତା ଯେମିତି ଲାଗୁଚି ଆମ ପରିବାର କାହାର ସଫଳତା।
ପ୍ରେରଣାର ଉତ୍ସ ସେ
❤️ ତାପସ ଭାଇ. @USER ❤️ ଭଲ ଲୋକ ସଫଳତା ପାଇଲେ ଭଗବାନଙ୍କ ଉପରେ ଭରସା ଆସେ ଓ ବଞ୍ଚିବାକୁ ଇଚ୍ଛା ହୁଏ.
Apropos of nothing, that fireplace hasn't seen many fires. Glow of big Mick warms the heart and the hearth.
All the Paddington Bear gifts and marmalade sandwiches the Queen received reminds me of the time I said that the snow baby ornaments where kind of cute to my mum, then she told everyone and for the next fuck ton of years every fecker bought me snow baby ornaments. @USER That’s snow joke! Has it left you a bit flaky?
More time to go to the beach. Only people complaining are snowboarders. and anyone growing crops sensitive to climate. (hint: that's all of them).
ITT males fucking female zombies. What if a female fucked a male zombie? Would zombie spooge get her pregnant? Don't know what you just said but sounds like a zombie threesome.
@USER Sir, as per web tracking, article has been delivered. @USER This document is very important for me in this hardcopy of my Document verification of selected for particular post.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Oh I love picnics #theruffriderz. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hellow, Bunty! #theruffriderz.
Wank morning, (before any pervs think I meant that literally I didnt) thank fuck I've been called into work earlier I'm off to see if I can shake this shitty feeling ? @USER Have a great day.  I got up, bought vodka, came back, ordered MacDonald’s breakfast, poured vodka into coffee.

I may be under a level of stress and anxiety at the moment. I also bought a massive slab of clotted cream fudge designed to be chopped up that am just biting into.
Yet strangely the seas are not rising in Sydney Harbour. The first study I found suggests otherwise, giving a figure of 0.73mm/year.
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER American Patriot.
Legit question: if shit does hit the fan, can Muslim countries refuse to sell us oil? Or is our market just too big for that? We get most of our oil from Saudis and Iraq
Historically, has it ever happened? It wont go that far but in geo politics no one wants to get isolated...any indian diplomatic loss is pakistans gains...iraq is busy with ISIS and Saudi in yemen war....50 casualties in delhi riots is a small number for them 100s die every day in conflicts across middle east and they all are muslims. After our independence communal riots happened many times but things get back to normal, actually they have faith in India.
Can I ask and I apologise as it's a bit deep for a Saturday eve, but does humour help with your mental health, it has helped me over the past few years thats why I ask.... @USER I think so. And conversation.
How many jaffa cakes is it acceptable to eat in one sitting?
The only correct answer is all of them. And preferably a triple pack.
Lol. To think they’re the one who keep calling others “snowflakes”. It's projection, as most any truthful statement about their behaviour results in howling butthurt.
Just got a message from a Relatively Normal Secrets reader's parent:

"I just wanted to say, thank you! My 9 year old kind of LOATHES reading, but I just picked this up on kindle for her, and she's been sitting downstairs reading for the past hour."

I'm not crying, YOU'RE CRYING. @USER  @USER What a great reward and compliment  for your work.
I'm always in surprised to find muslims in the BJP at the first place. Despite the kind of venom spread by the parties top leadership. There are many one in the ministry of minority affairs(Naqvi), another is national Spokesperson(Ansari), and there is another who was discriminated against at a rally in Delhi Rally on 22 December(Ilmi).
Northern Ireland would like a quiet word. Northern Ireland doesn't have any quiet words. ;).
I know it seems like a naff thing to report, but reporting this to the police and sending them the footage could help if she’s a repeat offender at loads of properties and ever gets nicked. Although I don't think it's acceptable to take someone else's milk which they're paid for, I don't know if this would technically be considered a crime. It's left outside their property and not secured in any way. I say this because I know someone who just had their bike "nicked", but they left it unlocked outside a premises and expected it would still be there. I work with drug addicts and they will literally take anything they can get their hands on. It's sad but seeing someone take milk that's left outside doesn't surprise me in the slightest.
I live just above coles and have never seen so many empty shelves in last 4 years. I don't understand why stockpile ? If govt announces a lockdown then are grocery stores going to close too? If we enter Wuhan lockdown conditions, you won't be leaving your apartment for 2 weeks.
Let's hope it doesn't come to that.
May you have the money people often think you have ?? @USER Amen ?
$250 give away to who leaves the most comments &amp;  $250  to whoever leaves the last comment ‼️
Ends in 3 days &amp; post must reach 5,000 comments to trigger this giveaway.....
Comment “ #apejet “  and teg your 2 friends. @USER Jay APEJET.
Did no-one tell the Laois folk there was supposed to be more than just the name? Whoever did Cork's one is letting down the team too. I mean, come on, we're the biggest county! They had the most stone to work with! The potential was there!
The Curious Cases Of Rutherford and Fry. 
 URL. Aye already a big fan.
Without telling your age, what song reminds you of your high school years? @USER Suite Judy blue eyes
CSN.
@USER Jaylen is not overrated by anyone. He’s by far the most underrated player in the league. He’s easily top 20, but most people sadly don’t see how talented he truly is. @USER  @USER Absolutely.
Attendance &gt;&gt;&gt; Career  ?

Just got into a quarrel with my mom!? @USER me everytime with dad?
What county? This would be in Wicklow!
wind power my arse. so....what you think this is false? Or you prefer burning stuff?
Can we perhaps upgrade the travel advice for all these countries please? 
A ban, sure but most of them are “returning” from holidays. There are some rich ppl out there are circumventing band and just flying off from another country to get here.
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER  @USER just for the record: YOU ARE NO LEADER! Shame on you!
Completed 18 years in Journalism today! 

#WorkAnniversary. @USER Many congratulations ??
@USER  @USER Well done Réada, good stuff today. @USER  @USER Sorry I didn't see you Enda. Thanks a million for coming.
This Saturday is the Brain Tumour Research Walk of Hope, it falls exactly 2 years to the day since we lost  @USER on 24th September 2020, to this terrible disease. I can't believe it will be 2 years. It feels like a life time ago &amp; yesterday at the same time. I'm not setting up my own justgiving page, I'm just going to join in the walk, walk in Gail's memory &amp; ask all you amazing people who have been so supportive to me over these last couple of years that if you'd like to make a donation, then please donate to Elspeths page.
I was a teen in the nineties and I’m proud to say I’ve never seen this film. I’m totally impressed!
11 GOP AGs just asked 11th Cir. to side w/Trump &amp; Cannon over DOJ — not by arguing law or facts but by saying Biden’s gov’t dsn’t deserve the usual deference due Executive, just as Cannon said Trump deserves better treatment than other people! So much for equality before the law. @USER Don't forget to mention that several former AGs have submitted an amicus brief to the appellate court in favor of the government, and Judge Deary's remarks will probably hold some sway.
Nothing is difficult to attain, in this world or the other, to those who have meditation and divine Name in their life. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Divine thought
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
@USER As a local, I LOVE the strip. It's more fun Manhattan just a few minutes away whenever you want it. Then also having suburbian just minutes away with great malls around. It just does not get any better for me!

#goknightsgo. @USER Most people that tell me they are local and love the strip, don’t work on the strip. I’ve lived here my entire life, and I’d rather not hang out where I spend most of my time.
Any other introverts out there have to work up energy before going out to events by themselves? What do you say to yourself in your pep talk? @USER Not much to say since Ppl will understand your absence.
Seems like many Indians on Reddit are as likely to ignore/deny these posts as are the ones sitting at home and receiving their news from WhatsApp. 
DissapointedIndian. precisely the reason they won't ever get to know what happen beyond infiltrated whatsapp groups.
Outsider here. Curious what makes all these places shot Holes in your eyes.
I’ve visited Ireland for a total of about six months and  nothing really made me think shit hole. 
When I hear shit hole I think of Detroit and derelict steel town types around the states. It's not that they're dangerous, there just isn't much in a lot of towns in Ireland. Carlow is one or the bigger towns and the population is only 24000. It also doesn't help that after the 2008 recession a lot of places didn't recover very well, and people commute to Dublin for jobs.
@USER Most of people judge the book by its cover. @USER Hell yeah.
Getting your DNA sequenced in the USA by a random by mail corporation just to find out if you’re “exotic” in any way is stupid. Fellow people, stop it! The government can get a hold of it and best case, record your DNA for no reason. Worst case...use it for future eugenics endeavors? Figure out if you’re “too sick” to have health insurance?
Edit: took out “white people” because Reddit was too fragile for my 4% Cherokee joke. I just don’t trust it. They know where we are and what we search, who we talk to at all times.  I’d rather them not having access to my biological matter too!
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER What happened. M.C.
we are not at this point yet. Unless you live in an area which has had an infection, its not worth you start to panic yet. I mean, I live near MK, some of the quarantines are there, I'm still not panicking.
Good morning everyone,
May the rest of the day be restful, and safe. On my end I am fine but with an upset stomach. I need to schedule another doctor's appointment because I feel a little lump in the stomach area. It could be a hernia who knows? I already had gallbladder surgery. know I am definitely not pregnant ??. This is just a gastrointestinal issue.
@USER Sir I'm UPSC aspirant and i will be give my first attempt in 2024 plz give me some suggestion plz. @USER Kya tumne baat Kiya unse ?
@USER You are one of the loveliest ? people I've ever met. So ignore this unknown person. @USER You made my day??
(2/4)…the Navy has been involved in more than ten major conflicts and countless smaller battles to ensure security, democracy and prosperity for the American people and for the international community. (3/4)  Best wishes for a Happy 247th Birthday to the Unites States Navy and thank you to the awesome Sailors and Veterans who have manned her ships and stations, and to the ever-faithful Families who have enabled them to serve!
Wow so much praise for Nehru.
For the past 70 yrs nehru has been blamed for pretty much everything , everywhere including randians.
So what happened randians?
Downboat me , but atleast give a good reason. ffs. Dont downboat and run away like a coward.
Edit: So downvoted for supporting Nehru. Just as i expected from the 40 randians.
Edit: LOL, about 40 confused randians. Haha. Buddy you took sarcasm way too seriously whenever redditors said "It's Nehru's fault." It is the very opposite of it whenever people said that, because whatever shit current government did they never take blame on themselves but on the past or others. Every shit move this govt made, they had no other choice but to falsely blame on others to justify their own act. Hence that joke.
What does this woman have anything to do with Ireland?
Stop trying to suck up to foreigners so they think we're "a great bunch of lads"
Maybe crowd fund something more worthwhile closer to home. Because she is being banned from a festival about irish culture and heritage, based on her sexual preferences. 
So yeah, it has to do with the Irish, because it's a fucking St. Patrick's Day festival, you obtuse contrarian.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER Yes
You go and elect a party with that in their manifesto
That's how it works doesn't it ?
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER Of course you did Mitch. Its a criminal act.
I am a founder, I found you? @USER How can.
@USER What does that do to Tesla economy? ? @USER To the moon.
@USER Have you tried camomile tea? Why don’t you go to bed earlier? Don’t have coffee After 12. Don’t overthink things. @USER I'm gonna do a fight all over you, Laverty.
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Any Morrisey song.
अशोक गहलोत जादूगर नहीं कांग्रेस को बर्बाद करने वाले कारीगर हैं।. @USER Tumko to cm banana he pele nhi ta ke pta jo aaj cla.
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER What, the rees mogg who wouldn't serve under another prime minister after johnson? Perhaps he's going to announce his Damascene conversion to trussism.
In the name of Jesus, new order of exploits shall begin to happen in your life! @USER Amen.
I get a yearly raise which is supposed to be in line with inflation but every year they tell us how many millions in profit they make and how it's not enough to give us all inflation rates so every year I effectively work for 1-2% less than I did the year before. I see you obviously work at the same place I do :-(.
Javed Akthar is asking why only Shahrukh was singled out and arrested! Its a good point. 
If we are going to arrest every man who raises a threat, there will be scores of people to arrest - starting from Anurag Thakur and Kapil Mishra to local goons. 
If cops were willing to arrest anyone who says anything provocative, no riot would have happened. 
But their balls have shrunken to atomic size.
As usual they're very informative. Stay away from the east of Ireland people. Is it the east of the Shannon, east of Kildare,  what are we gaging this on lads?
It’s the day nineteen days before Spring starts? Hence the picture - Spring is around the corner.
imagine being so fragile that the thumbs up emoji fucks you up

at least i have real problems. @USER  @USER I'm listening.
If you're happy and you know it, gaand maraa. If you're sad and you know it, phir bhi gaand maraa.
If our parade is not cancelled, I would like to see her invited over. Patrick's Day is obviously an Irish cultural event, and I think it would send a strong message that we as a country do not condone the discrimination of anyone based on their sexual orientation at an event that is about our culture. As a United Statesian, I agree with you.
Done many interviews &amp; written several columns on  @USER and her disastrous economic policies so far I have said they are in ‘total disarray’ but seems inadequate as pronouncements get worse daily I have never in my fifty years of doing economics seen anything as bad as this. @USER  @USER  @USER she’s also a dangerous diplomat, not because of any policies, she has no skill at that level, but because of a complete lack of understanding of international diplomacy.
Legos and marbles on the ground everywhere. Fingers crossed he’s a barefoot killer. Depending on the shoe the LEGO blocks will still penetrate through.
Tina started bitching about sumbul's work in kitchen

Gautam: she needs the work rn and let her do it on her terms. Maine Jo kaam diya, soch ke diya.

??????? @USER well said.
I can give you some silverfish if you want. Omg they are so gross. I know they are fairly harmless but they can get to infestation level pretty quickly. Best thing to get rid of them is diatomaceous earth. Few different places sell it. Super effective.
England shirt £75 on England Store

Free delivery on orders over £20 

10% off with code ESC10 … they then add on £5 delivery ? @USER Saves you what, £2,50??
No, you are what you are born as. 
NO IDENTIFYING. Jeepers, no need to shout!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congo  @USER bro. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
Two data points in isolation are not a trend. Was the decline consistent over that 10-year period or was that a single-year anomaly?
It's no different than saying that the average world temperature was the same in 2007 as it was in 2019, therefore climate change isn't real.
Need more information. Even if claim costs falling in 2018 was a blip, why hasn't any of that been passed on to consumers in 2018 or 2019?
Said the art mistress to the gardener!! I thought this was funny, showed it to my SO and SO housemates. Non of them got it. Should I just cut my ties with them now. Didn't even now who the black rod is or what a garden entrance could be.
the hans zimmerfication of film music has done unimaginable damage. @USER The worst part are the Kontakt libraries created to sound "exactly" like HZ ?‍♂️.
My cat. Aww :).
”...with the economy likely to grow at a rate slower than 5% in the current quarter, any talk of green shoots is just talk. A substantial recovery cannot happen unless investment in the economy picks up.”
In short we all are fucked. And Investment will only come if there is a pickup in demand.
@USER Prawn sandwiches. @USER  @USER Hahaha...nit fir himself though.?
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER Look at twelve years of misrule in every other place you failed to mention....
Tonight’s #qanda another example of media fixation with Stage 3. Wall to wall on ABC, NineFax, with every journo caught in the vortex. 
Greens, LNP both politically aligned together in wanting sole media focus on this &amp; block new Govt from oxygen on multiple other issues. @USER It's because it's catastrophically bad policy that needs to be stopped.
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER  @USER will never get my business due to their CEOs stance on LGBTQ+ rights.
You'd save about €600 a year assuming you only have the standard single persons tax credits. 40%? On an income of 18k? No.
My sink was blocked yesterday and the plunger didn't seem to be making much headway, so I went to the supermarket and got one of those cleaning liquidy things to do the job. Leave it overnight and the jobs a good'un. So I wake up this morning and it appears to have not done a thing. 
Now I've got corrosive liquid sitting in the pipes running out of my sink that I can't wash away. Great minds of /r/CasualUK/, what do? Poke it down with a rod? Wear protection and take off the u-bend and drain it into a bucket?
Cardinals Nation roll call!

Let's see how far Cardinals nation stretches around the globe! Where are you watching today's game from? @USER “Baston” at dah sevens.
Ur eyes are pretty cool. Or perhaps your gaming skills are good.
They are aren't they? I always see on alcohol ads "always drink responsibly.". yeah like heinekens ads are literally all about not drinking and driving.
How many roads must a man walk down? The only word I know is grunt and I can't spell it.
@USER I'm happy for you. Congratulations!!! I hope you will reach more people because you're awesome. @USER Thank you so much ? ?
@USER I'll definitely never will miss lol. @USER I was ctfu when I saw that ????
Liberal side don't like to talk about this (I'm a liberal too) but it is a fact that Indian muslims have changed a LOT in the last 25 years. Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
I lived in Lucknow when I was young. That was a very liberal muslim city. You'd never even see a burqa in Hazratganj. Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
Among my muslim friends from back then, there is a shift within their families as well. My friends (all 30 year olds) are mostly irreligious. But their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar". > Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
> Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
> their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar"
Do you have any sources for these?
@USER  @USER Biggest reason: traveling to Edinburgh. Any chance on an EU tour? @USER  @USER All depends on how Edinburgh goes!
I love to-do lists. I feel a little bit more accomplished every time I tick something off. I even added a friend’s errand so she would finally do it if I nudged her enough. ? @USER We seem to  live by lists Emma lol? always more to add.
No tik tok, no emojis and is actually funny. When we see emojis on Reddit, we wash em out.
Iaintwotuthink is a genius lady. Ben_dover_pliss is trying to live his college days by stalking college kids.
To be fair now, I came across an accident on the N17 today and they were all over it. Gardai on the scene, followed by medical teams and the fire brigade. 
I suppose it just depends on the Garda, same as any job. 
Some of them are useless, indifferent jobsworths and others are committed people dedicated to serving the community. The lack of resources and the recent scandals can't be very good for morale, either. They get paid a fuckton of money. That's all the morale they need. The scandals are their own doing, including the scandal of threatening to go on strike in 2016 for even higher pay, and penalty points scandal where the entire lot of them committed fraud.
No accountability, early retirement and massive pensions and a average weekly pay packet of 1200 euro a week in a job for life.
How long has this whole dress g up for book day been around for? I’m 33, and honestly can’t remember doing this back in school. (If we did, I’ve managed to completely erase it from memory ). As a 32 year old, the school would give us a £1 book token, and had a load of books we could buy for a quid.
I didn’t actually learn to read until I was 13, so even then it would have been better if they concentrated on the basics, rather than gimmicks, but what do I know, at primary school I was always called ‘dim’.
Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort Theme. A man of culture.
जिस दिन अपन 3 Million फॉलोअर हो गए उस दिन 3 लोगों का रोजगार तय

एक आदमी, जरूरी मैसेज पर त्वरित उत्तर देगा, जरूरी एक्शन लेगा, ट्वीट-फोन से विभाग को भेजेगा

दूसरा आदमी, FB की सेवा में

तीसरा आदमी, आम लोगों के ट्वीट स्कैन करेगा, पता लगाएगा कि आज के अहम मुद्दे क्या है जिस पर बात हो. @USER हमको भी मौका दीजिए.
@USER  @USER  @USER Sold out ? @USER  @USER  @USER Don’t make the journey especially but IF you are in Dalkey often you can take a chance there may are tickets on the door as inevitably some  no shows .
@USER Won’t happen, it’s the biggest of bluffs in regards to what’s going on at the minute - countries like china don’t want to see that happen because of business so i suspect it’s just the only threat people take seriously. @USER Hope you’re right mate but a threat is a threat and these people in power are literally insane.
HAIR. Oh my gosh. Yes! I gag.
@USER 90% growth in tractors segment compared to 2019. Rural economy bouncing back? @USER  @USER Unfortunately 50% of tractors  endup at construction sites or as garbage pickup.
I don't think I've ever stopped someone from doing anything ever, unless it was to stop them from annoying me, but even then it wouldn't have stopped them. So no. What an appallingly uncivic attitude to have.
I was in A&amp;E yesterday. I cant go into details but I was treated inhumanely. They couldn't give me the care they should have but wouldn't admit that either. I also saw 4-6 elderly emergency patients on beds in the corridor, no lovely ones able to stand with them :(. @USER That’s awful, so sorry to hear that. I hope you’re doing okay.
@USER Is that a full Irish? @USER Lacking a potato cake.
They don't raise any emotion from me. Which may be worse than hating them. I remember they were on a show with Jack Dee. Jack Dee said "The only reason why people watch you is because it's the only time that two geordies are not having a punch up".
If you had to gift me the last thing you purchased, what would I be getting? @USER Purse way too many purses !!!!!!??❤️??????
@USER I'm older than you Joel and no!!! Life is always changing and sometimes the best plan is no plan...see where life takes you. @USER Thanks Debs ?
@USER Is it the perspective or are those stickers enormous?! @USER Just the perspective, I wish we had giant stickers ?
Not a great Stingray hunter though.... Yeah, that's true. He did say once that stingrays were a bit of a thorn in his side though.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I’m at the same game visiting from Manchester ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER if you need someone to share a taxi...
@USER  @USER Thank you. I'll block him. Have a good day. T x. @USER  @USER My pleasure Trudi, hope your day is kind to you xx.
@USER Hey Vishal, there was a known issue that our engineers were able to sort out last night. How's your connection this morning? @USER Hello, thanks for getting back to me. Everything seem to be working find now. Thank you.
Man forget my username, I want to know the story behind yours. Once upon a time was taken and I thought this was the next best alternative.
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER Happy Birthday Claire. Have a great day! ❤️??
i notice it looks much better coming in than going out. your ancestors were truly the pioneers of the australian gold rush.
What do you love about each other? Jokes on you I only have one parent lol.
Giving up just for Sunday or forever starting Sunday? The sentence is confusing. It is but sounds like he will give it up starting Sunday. He's going to keep us posted .
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. It is one of those books that looks nice on top of the microwave. About the best thing I can say for it.
BREAKING NEWS!
Former NRL player Curtis Scott has been found GUILTY of three charges against his former partner, Tay-Leigha Clark.
Details to follow. @USER Back to bush footy.
Someone go to fright fest with me next weekend! It’s Halloween season and I’m trying to do spooky shit bro! @USER Let’s go !
@USER  @USER Many complaints r reported against officials of Immigration staffs in th Indo-Bangla border of Sutarkandi, Karimganj Dist of Assam 4 their utter misbehaviour wid both Indian n Bangladeshi nationals. Kindly investigate n take necessary note of it. @USER  @USER Please !
@USER Beautiful Maureen.Through the dark and sadness must come the light and beauty this is how we heal.? @USER There’s a crack in everything… it’s how the light gets in(Leonard Cohen).
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER How many can you get? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER DIVERSE
REWIRE
CREEDS

(I can't see anything else for the last one!).
>The laws of mathematics are very commendable, but the only law that applies in Australia is the law of Australia. Sshhh!  They only like quiet Australiens  ( URL ).
@USER Can’t there be any Exception ! 

I have been going there since I was a kid and I no for a fact that nearby there are lot of homes of Priests and it has never touched a pet and it used to move from one pond to other. @USER  @USER Subbayya Rai, a bhakt started to give a hen to eat every month as a sacred ritual. After his demise ritual stopped and since from that day Babiya didn't eat any chicken/meat, only ate temple naivedyam of Sri Anantapadmanabha swamy of Anantapura!
Throw it back at the little shits. 8 of them. If it were 1 I'd probably chance confronting them but I'm old enough to know when I'd be out of my depth.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER If a party wins an election on the manifesto pledge to have a referendum on devolution, then absolutely we should have one. It is democracy after all.
it definitely  licked the saliva from the corner of your mouth while you slept.. Pretty sure it didnt.
I request Yogiji to practice Yoga along with a room full of Corona virus infected ppl, so that the virus is cured for all these patients and Yogiji himself gains immunity from the illness.. maybe he'll get that "sathya" Sai Baba's vibe and start performing miracles..
Love a bitta Lankum, haven't seen them live yet though. I saw Radie Peat supporting Beak> last month in the Button Factory, she's incredible, really have to see the full line up soon.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER Hahaha.
#ToryBrexitDisaster 
#ToryCorruption 
#ToryCostOfGreedCrisis.
Have you tried just doing your actual TAFE work while at TAFE and leaving the video games for when you get home? .. can't do what's already done during class time. If you need your lunch break to work, I'm concerned for your success. ;x.
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER The Catholic Church.
Looks like NCP will also go the hindutva route after sharad pawar dies. when did NCP have an ideology.
How far away from a vaccine? I read somewhere 18 months, that includes the time it takes to test. Then someone on RTE news said it could be as soon as December this year.
Why though?, did she go anywhere is she Italian or Chinese,  the fuck. Just get out of there and do them for racism. Unacceptable. My mam is a supervisor for care assistants in the local area, she's not been on holiday and she's white British.
She's living with 2 other people so she's going to find out if they have had the same email.
It’s a fucking disgrace that we can’t protect the doctors and health staff working in hospitals.
Why don’t they have all the protective equipment?
Edit: I know a doctor who works at Westmead hospital that has complained to management that they can’t get a hold of masks. Have you thought about the cost of rich people who don't like paying their taxes LMFAO just get private health you pleb so you don't have to deal with the public. /S 
Probably because it's just a flu.
51 (!) people with US Gov. security clearances, all prominent, said Hunters lap dance (!) was like Russian Disinformation. Now it comes down to wordplay. Come on guys, 51 isn't American disinformation? Pity the American people who got hoodwinked very very badly. It's the end of the world as we know it. Who said that?
The kind of venom Hindutva supporters are spewing at Mulayam Singh Yadav on his demise is at another level altogether. @USER A tragic chapter in the history by Indian Democracy shall come to an end soon. The Hindutva groups &amp; the body media will be paying a price for their Unconstitutional blunders. Jai Hind.
There should be a gaeltacht slasher movie that functions exactly like an American summer camp slasher only it's entirely in Irish. @USER But you can't swear in Irish... ???⚰️☠️?
@USER No you're not. ? @USER Thank U ?
@USER  @USER  @USER Beautiful! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Ms O.
@USER ???????? I love you big brother. ? @USER Love you More Sister ❤️❤️.
I keep forgetting to put a #Gardening Lol. @USER  @USER Hahaha ?
@USER Never seen the Undertones in Ireland but been there! Loved it. @USER Incredible place, Michael. It tipped  down with rain as we left. Lucky to get it in sunshine.
Apparently I went to the only school in the country that never served these. However:
> Turkey Twizzlers contained just 34% turkey; bulked up with water, pork fat, rusk, and coating, and loaded with additives, sweeteners, and flavourings. They were found to be made up of 21.2% fat when cooked
Mmmm, I'll give em a miss. That's all food/edible. I don't see the problem, honestly, other than overeating them would certainly be unhealthy. 
I don't get what's off-putting about mechanically separated meat, it's no different from boiling a carcass to make stock but people seem to think that the latter is wholesome and the former is disgusting. And plenty of people enjoy chicken skin and bacon fat and the rind on steak. Eating the bits that aren't meat is normal. (As an aside I don't especially like those things because of mouth-feel, but if you made a sausage out of them and it was tasty I don't see why that's somehow disgusting in princple.)
I happily eat lips-and-arseholes chippy sausages on occasion because I enjoy them and it's still food. Just unhealthy food.
Cheap supermarket bacon is overseas pork, processed here into bacon. Cheap shitty product, buy local. I make mine out of Pork Bellies, hang it in the garage.  It's probably fairly salty. I used to use Nitrite to get it pink but just use plain salt now as the butchers don't like giving it out.
Water and Mio drink mix. No sugar, plus you're drinking water. Interesting have you tried this?
It's Sunday. It's always carnage. but it normally  doesnt look like, some has set up an illegal pitch at a market, trying to flog something that fell off the back of a truck.
@USER Can’t be an easy trip - sorry to hear Oscar . Thoughts are with you mate . @USER Thanks G-unit.
Change school lunches. The shit they serve at my kids school is disgusting. That's not a national problem, though. schools are controlled at the local level. it's the parents' role to campaign for that.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER Yeah people are strange these days and covid has emphasised this  and getting worse.
@USER  @USER  @USER I haven’t been able to download it from music glue either. @USER  @USER  @USER So glad it’s not just me. I see it as a good problem to have. An album so hot it’s creating a meltdown. ??
I have a secret fetish for fat girls <3. I honestly think that this is getting more popular, or at least it is becoming normalized. There's a reason thicc girls are a thing now.
Pakistan just helped with a peace deal in Afghanistan. India is ripping its own people apart with hate. That's a bad example. Pakistan helped the Taliban in Afghanistan and helped in ripping the country apart.
Thought I read somewhere they were shutting down.
Might have imagined it. *dreamed it.
This is the first time I've ever seen Deed Poll written down. For 21 years of my life I've quitely and unsurely muttered 'Deepoll' whenever it's cropped up in conversation. r/boneappletea.
Labor shouldn’t be debating whether to ‘tweak’ Clive Palmer’s tax cut from $9,000 to $8,000.

‘Tweaking’ Stage 3 cuts is not the answer.

Scrap the Stage 3 tax cuts for politicians &amp; billionaires &amp; spend the $ on dental into Medicare, free childcare &amp; affordable housing instead. @USER Scrap you and your party.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. Isn’t it more believable that an insanely wealthy narcissist couldn’t face a lifetime behind bars and an underfunded and incompetent prison system messed up?
The president openly confessed to sexually assaulting a woman and nothing happened.  What more damage could Epstein have done to anyone?
Police confirmed that all these are rumors.
I am right now in Rajouri Garden market.  ALL PEACEFUL.   Yes, there is panic. All shop owners have shut shops and gone home as a precautionary measure. Police deployment has been done.  All metro stations are functional and running smoothly. No damage or disturbance reported 
 URL 
 URL. Rajouri Garden is more than 10km away from where I live. Why play with peopl's safety with these?
Going the other way:€50k fine for blatant pollution of Cork lagoon; 2,000 truckloads of builders rubble dumped. Yes but the state only picks on easy targets . Too much hassle for them to go after someone with resources.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I frequently find myself lowering my butt towards the seat where Bella is, thinking she will move…

And yet…. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER If she's anything like mine, she will be sitting with her paw poised to speed dial Cats' Protection.......
I’ll be 62 in 15mins #Ians62. Ian. @USER  @USER Ready on your mark … get set … now RUN away lol ?
@USER Good morning bro have a great one. @USER Likewise fam.
@USER Here it's been raining since 3 days ffs. @USER North me rimjhim baarish ho Rahi hai.
Until relatively recently I think that was a laundry in Ballsbridge I believe, name changed slightly around the war I think. You can still see one of the old red brick chimneys if you walk along the doddery from Ballsbridge towards Lansdowne Road on the left in the middle of a load of newer buildings (its a protected structure). Along the doddery! Love it.
Peak TV ratings during Queen's funeral
BBC1: 19.5m
BBC2: 2m
ITV: 5.3m 
Sky News: 934,000
BBC News channel: 831,000

Combined peak of around 28.5m viewers on main channels, final figure will be a bit higher. Excludes streaming.

Massive audience but smaller than Euro 2020 final. @USER Unless you had the tellybox switched off at the wall, it was impossible to avoid. I’d love to know how many actively watched. I didn’t turn my TV on to watch MasterChef on catch up until later. Didn’t want the pageantry flashing before my eyes.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Melbourne summer 2019-20 climate summary
"Both daytime and night-time temperatures were generally close to average at all reporting sites in Greater Melbourne" 
According to the above, temperatures were around normal and rainfall was above average. Maybe you are already used to above average summers from the past few years, so a summer in line with the historical average feels cold to you? Or the increased rain made you perceive the temperature as being cool due to less sunlight?
@USER HELL YEA THATS A FACT! @USER FAM the sauce was straight fye no ?
Why do we only rest in peace?
 why don't we live in peace too ?
? @USER Good ?
Wordle 359 3/6

⬛?⬛⬛?
???⬛?
????? Wordle 360 4/6

?⬛??⬛
⬛???⬛
⬛???⬛
?????
I went there about 10 years ago. Costs about £20 to go in and it's just a greenhouse. You go to look at the plants not the greenhouse. It's like saying a restaurant is just a bunch of tables.
Wake the fuck up Australia, you're getting robbed. > Wake the fuck up Australia, ~~you're getting~~ you have been robbed.
FTFY.
@USER ???????? bravo Calvin, you shook the bushes and some dumb asses fell out ? @USER ??? now that’s funny.
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Well it's all fine if the constitution of that Muslim majority country isn't biased. Places like Malaysia and Lebanon have had different religions thriving together for decades all while being religious.
And also a devout Muslim can still be a devout Muslim in a country devoid of any Islamic history.
What's your favorite kind of sandwich? @USER One that's not stale.
Any Sam Smith's. 1970s beer and 1990s prices. It's a shame the beer is mostly awful.
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. Exactly.
Right behind you. *looks behind.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
@USER Too early for that Frank! @USER Too kind ?
@USER Morning Both. Have a good day. @USER Morning Greg.
Headache and stomach ache, my legs gonna fall off tomorrow. @USER This is no good….
PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.
Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons: 


Rule 3: You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".


Rule 3: Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.


Rule 1: You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  The question must be a full sentence.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".


If you have any queries or concerns, please feel free to contact the mods. Thank you.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns. Fuck off.
Is it just me or is being raised in a big city (Mumbai in my case) really different from being raised in a small town?
The aspirations and priorities of kids in the 2 aforementioned categories of places are so radically different. Elaborate.
RTÉ coverage:  URL 
Connected to the confirmed case reported yesterday. Must be a teacher on school trip.
It's Benadryl Custardbath-get it RIGHT! It's actually Benecol Camembert, surprised you'd make that mistake.
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. Excuse my French but that’s fucked you went straight into the work for the dole phase. When I was last on Centrelink I was told it was 6 on 6 odd, but you start in the 6 off phase. 
Seeing this makes me wanna hang onto this job tighter. No way I could deal with their bullshit again.
Spoon and Fork. KFC Spork?
When you have a short position in futures, what impact Time has on my position??

Time is

1. Against Me
2. With me
3. No impact. @USER So now, you are in short  right ?
I thought that was going to be a really boring game after the first 20 minutes, but that turned into one hell of a final to be fair. Congratulations Leicester. @USER Hope you got to see the URC final, was an absolute cracker of a game!
Good morning everyone, enjoy your Wednesday. @USER Morning Andy.
There was no foul there… surely? ?
#MCYvWUN. @USER Pathetic officiating already?
Craig James killed 5 hookers while he was at SMU. What's SMU and who's Craig James?
While I am skeptical with comparing India with Pakistan and Bangladesh, we are definitely heading the way of Hindu Pakistan. There is active incitement of violence by BJP and I believe that is to provoke a reaction that can be used by them to trigger a religious war. We are now caught in the vicious cycle of usage of religious hate to ignore problems of importance (economy, jobs, farmer distress etc) which further shifts the focus away from these problems. I am sure after this Delhi thing calms down, BJP will trigger havoc through something else. >sceptical with comparing India with Pakistan. 
>india is headed the way of Hindu Pakistan. 
ఠ_ಠ.
Good luck becoming a mental health nurse. 
I too was admitted to the psych unit. Still trying to make something of myself afterwards. Thanks man I'd like to make a difference in people's lives.
Oh yes. Thanks :).
I'm bald bitch. Is that the new. Bitch I'm madonna?
I know it says great, but all I see is ordinary Britain. Ordinary Britain is in France.
RTÉ is good for the basic news, Irish Times is good for analysis, Journal.ie is a a cesspit. The school in Dublin got leaked on thejournal, cesspit is an understatment, you cant post an article to r/news it is such tripe.
u/VredditDownloader. beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!


Download via  URL 


Downloadable soundless link


Audio only


First link is active for 6 hours. Mention me again if it is down

Info&#32;|&#32;Support&#32;me&#32;❤&#32;|&#32;Github.
Many of America's new far leftists are tied to terrorists all around the world. Its scary they might be part of the administration somehow if Bernie wins..  
Tulsi - RSS
Ilhan Omar - Erdogan
Talib - Hamas. And Donald Trump "fell in love" with Kim Jong Un. What's your point? This is a discussion about Tulsi's Hindutva leanings and ties to the RSS, not US politics in general.
Internal matter? ...But India is a signatory to the universal declaration of human rights?..Isnt it ? Question here is , is citizenship a right of  a migrant? .
Whe have a constitution defining the citizenship.
Constitution will take precedence over UNHRC  in terms of deciding on citizenship as unhrzc declaration is nonbinding and we are a sovereign country.
Idea of cheating excites far more people than you know. This is true. If the concept of marriage did not exist, the concept of adultery wouldn't have also existed. Both are redundant appendages of another time.
Wish it was as easy to quit smoking as it was to quit cokes. @USER It’s not easy but it sure is worth it. I quit 11 years ago and never looked back.
@USER Happy Birthday!! @USER Appreciate it!!!
@USER I have two standing and one seated! @USER  @USER Do you still have these?
@USER ଜନ୍ମ ଦିନରେ ବହୁତ ବହୁତ ଶୁଭେଚ୍ଛା ଆଉ ଶୁଭ କାମନା ?????? @USER ଅଶେଷ ଅଶେଷ ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ ?
@USER I dont believe you just send me a rack and i will let you know. @USER  @USER ??? Me too.
This week’s Dutton #Insiders bingo card to include the following words/phrases (have a drink for each one heard):
Aspirational
Stage 3 tax cuts 
Labor tax grab
Spiraling cost of living 
Union thugs 
ISIS fighters
National security 
People smugglers 
China
… other suggestions? @USER Love your work!
@USER Whatttt? Noooo! He’s so adorable ? @USER IKR?!!!  ?‍♂️.
I would say Barq's. Because it has bite?
Would it not be a great chance to actually start Making in India. A key theme of the minister’s discussions with government ag ..
Read more at:
 URL.
@USER Veganizing haggis*. @USER Thank you for recorrecting autocorrect.
@USER  @USER How did it go? @USER  @USER Was doing great until cramp got me, got me bad.
I was a teen in the nineties and I’m proud to say I’ve never seen this film. I’m totally impressed!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER FIR without investigation....... @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Complaint has given written application for lodging an  FIR.
Sure everyone will be jammed into every pub in the country anyway. That's grand since that's an adults choice. The parade is more for the young ones who are vulnerable to the disease and I could understand why some would rather it not go ahead since people like anti-vaxxers exist.
The Curious Cases Of Rutherford and Fry. 
 URL. Aye already a big fan.
My 70+ Mum in WA has been waiting all day for a Telehealth to get a referral for a PCR - so much for taking antivirals ASAP  @USER 
#auspol. @USER  @USER  @USER He wouldn't care, he and his family would get instant attention. Absolute disgrace, worse than a 3rd world health system. Very scary! Hope your Mum is ok soon???
@USER Was gonna tank this next expac but to my surprise I might be going heals instead if my old guild gets back up! Never healed before but I welcome the new challenge and im going mistweaver. @USER 1) good call on MW and 2) I use Healbot to help me heal, but there are other addons that do similar things.
Seems like many Indians on Reddit are as likely to ignore/deny these posts as are the ones sitting at home and receiving their news from WhatsApp. 
DissapointedIndian. precisely the reason they won't ever get to know what happen beyond infiltrated whatsapp groups.
@USER Iconic. @USER  @USER Brilliant pic.
I’ve recently moved to New Zealand and the culture at restaraunts here is to go and just pay at the counter instead of asking for your bill. It’s incredibly liberating and just makes so much more sense than having to wait for your waiter who’s probably horrendously over worked to deliver your bill to your table! Order while in-line, pay before/at the end on the counter is glorious.
Cheap supermarket bacon is overseas pork, processed here into bacon. Cheap shitty product, buy local. I make mine out of Pork Bellies, hang it in the garage.  It's probably fairly salty. I used to use Nitrite to get it pink but just use plain salt now as the butchers don't like giving it out.
My vitamin D is so low smh. @USER Too easy.
Police confirmed that all these are rumors.
I am right now in Rajouri Garden market.  ALL PEACEFUL.   Yes, there is panic. All shop owners have shut shops and gone home as a precautionary measure. Police deployment has been done.  All metro stations are functional and running smoothly. No damage or disturbance reported 
 URL 
 URL. Rajouri Garden is more than 10km away from where I live. Why play with peopl's safety with these?
@USER Really worrying seeing how long people have been waiting for their luggage. I'm quite concerned about mine now. It was taken by mistake by another passenger with an identical case but if they're trying to contact you to get it back to me it will be impossible. @USER Absolutely no one seems to work in customer service. Agents on here tell me to call the baggage number but no one is ever available.
Serves you right for being a degenerate.  Dunking any kind of biscuit is an abomination but chocolate ones are particularly objectionable, specially in these difficult times of coronavirus, Br*xit and Baby Boris when everyone's nerves are frayed.  Have you no consideration for other people? I have a dunking problem. I've tried to quit many years ago but this is who I am and I've accepted that. The melted, gooey chocolate, the soggy base, a hint of coffee mixed into the dark chocolate. It's wrong, I know that but what can I do.
The media love to throw up trade scenarios.

So let's do the same for them.

Who would trade in/out from the footy media on TV/Radio/Paper.

(Mega super deals accepted!). @USER Brian Taylor waived for salary cap space.
We just outraised Greg Abbott — again.

Now we’re going to defeat him. That’s how we overcome his extremism and move Texas forward. @USER Money won’t get you elected.
What I think is that we need to know what the real goals of every faction are right now.
But one thing I can tell you. Pakistan is screwed if the US leaves. >Pakistan is screwed if the US leaves.
How?
@USER So sorry to hear of the tragic loss of a beautiful child to suicide. @USER Thank you Barbara.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Is Sally still on the Gravy Bus? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER She’s on something, that’s for sure ????
@USER "Lock Up your Sons &amp; Daughters..". @USER  @USER Well definitely your sons.
Resist going down the rabbit hole of any ideology including religion. Keep an open mind. Username checks out.
He's not getting outta Tinder though. Keep looking, chicks wink wink. Grinder is more of his thing.
Usually their own websites and social media channels. Interesting, thank for the help!
I had a pal who often went out drinking on a Friday. She told me she’d spotted a new Chinese takeaway that had opened in the last couple of months, and planned to stop in and pick up some drunk food.
When she arrived, the staff greeted her by name and asked if she wanted the usual. She had no recollection of ever having been there but curiosity got the better and said yes please.
The usual was a set meal for 4. 
She had never had leftovers or even containers at her house, and her husband said she’d never come home with any Chinese, so the only logical conclusion is that she sat on a bench and ate a 4-man Chinese drunk and alone before returning home, on more than one occasion. I feel like if I'm getting blackout drunk, I'm going to be checking what I've spent money on. I guess she may have paid in cash though.
My partner went and got some for me... girl went behind the counter and just gave it to him. Didn’t take ID, interrogate him about symptoms... 3 times in the past 4 years, I tried to get some when I was obviously sick... I got refused once (even when I went in with a Tamiflu script)... and the other times was treated like a criminal and had my ID scanned... 
I get my partner to go in... he must look trustworthy, because they always ask him: “how many boxes?”. Everyone gets their ID scanned.
@USER Good morning Lee. @USER Hi Peggy. Happy Thursday❤.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER उत्तम वचन
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
My first girlfriend gave me the same nickname. Guess that explains the username.
Friend of mine was defrauded on his credit card so called to confirm that none of the purchases he made were his. One of them was for a large bill at Harvester. The bank made the point that the spending was in line with his own spending, and thus an argument broke out regarding whether he was the kind of man who would eat at Harvester. Typical banks; happy to dictate to you, their customer, what they think constitutes fraudulent spending of your money, but not willing to hear what you know actually is fraudulent spending of your money.
@USER the umbrella! lmao. @USER Legit downpour.
Good morning bitches! Woke up 3am, alarm for 4:30am. I cleaned the toilet. I walked my dog. I am showered, I am full of coffee and breakfast. GET AT ME MOTHER FUCKERS. @USER Oh. You are REA-DY.
Human immune system learns through trial and error. The thing is western world is too fragile for Indian conditions, conditions highly optimal for growth and proliferation of infectious microorganisms (which includes the germs). Also we do not have a cold cycle (at least in the parts southern to regions where it snows) which can wipe out almost all of the infectious microbes. In Europe and America, the immune system of the people is not worked out as much as an Indian's immune system. Half of the year the immune system of western population is chilling owning to the environmental conditions favouring humans over microorganisms. 
The memory of the way to defend the  body from the microorganisms (henceforth microbes) is short lived (for about 30-50 days). Hence as soon as the cold cycle ends and the conditions turn favourable for the microbes and all the memory of the immune system of how to defend itself from the microbe is gone. All the microbes are aliens to the body even though there might not be a significant change in the microbes characteristics. Hence there prevention is best and hence the sanitizers , extreme safety precautions etc are brought about.
In case of India where the environmental situation is highly favourable to the microbes than the humans. We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised. 
Hence we can say that we are inherently stronger than our western counterparts.
If theres any query regarding this please feel free to ask me any questions. I will answer what i know to my fullest. Thank you!
Upvoting this not because I totally believe you but for the simple fact that there are a lot of factors and variables involved wrt immunity including local environment, genetics, temperatures etc. It's a very interesting read.
OP mentioned a couple of published parameters and promptly concurred hand sanitizers are the best! (read sarcasm). Well, I need proof and references for the same, to objectively and conclusively prove or reject it. Otherwise, it's in the same league of those UN WhatsApp forwards.  
Hygiene is common sense but immunity is a different ball game.  
I mean, there are actual people writing their thesis on the same as we speak and along comes a  Google powered research paper.  
Till then, I think it would be best to leave the deductions to the specialists.
Why does Mayo extend into the ocean but everywhere else stops at the coast? Hard to carve the islands of mayo without them breaking off, easier to do 2 stages of relief.
Should have a word with your local police since it's assault. Lmao I think that’s a bit of an over reaction. It’s only a bit of water. I don’t think the guy had malicious intent.
I feel like there hasn’t been a lot of team acknowledgment of Pride Round, or am I crazy? @USER So I think it's technically next week ? But some of teams who have away games next week are going early to get a home Pride game 
Because I also had the same thought, and given it was a WB/Carl idea seems very bizarre to have nothing from either club.
@USER Same on my side ? @USER Really?! 
Oh god??‍♀️, time for art tho??
Sad how many young people still choose to follow regressive practices. In UP,what else do they have? no job,no empathy,no love.
If our parade is not cancelled, I would like to see her invited over. Patrick's Day is obviously an Irish cultural event, and I think it would send a strong message that we as a country do not condone the discrimination of anyone based on their sexual orientation at an event that is about our culture. As a United Statesian, I agree with you.
Bet you can’t wait for them to put that bus lane in on the Tyne bridge. The logic of the council: too much traffic causing too much pollution, let’s make the queues bigger... oh my god I just googled that, I didn’t even know it was happening. That is a terrible idea!
OK, who else can I offend? @USER The french. They always deserve it.
How none of my reddit posts ever get guilded. I'd guild you if I wasn't poor, my friend.
Only if they care about 'your way of science'.
Even if proven wrong, there is always the 'Morarji Desai' approach. And what is that?
How far away from a vaccine? I read somewhere 18 months, that includes the time it takes to test. Then someone on RTE news said it could be as soon as December this year.
As an avid Brit, and a manager of a restaurant, this part is never as straight forward as it should be. Some people want to sit for ever and actually have to be told that other people need to be sat on that table, others are desperate to leave as soon as they have put their cutlery down, and no one knows how to say what they’re after. That said if your table’s been cleared, and you’ve not ordered/been offered anything else, then someone should’ve dealt with payment. > others are desperate to leave as soon as they have put their cutlery down
I'm one of those most of the time, other than with one specific set of friends who like to do the post-prandial chat thing (they're both from mainland Europe tho, so maybe that's why). I try to be polite about it however it turns out though - if I'm waiting for the bill (or the card machine to pay the bill) I try to be as obvious as possible - to the point of putting on my jacket and playing with my debit card.
If you had to gift me the last thing you purchased, what would I be getting? @USER Purse way too many purses !!!!!!??❤️??????
@USER Good morning young Lee. @USER Happy Thursday Blackstar.❤.
Yesterday in nifty volumes was 234 million and today’s only 120k . 
So Market is dull.
#StockMarkets. @USER At last u are talking charts ??
For all the shit people like to talk about "totalitarian communist China" all the time, the above reads an awful lot like in a crisis it's generally better to be governed by China than anybody else.
Take hospital beds alone:
> China has hospital beds to treat 0.4% of the population at the same time - other developed countries have between 0.1% and 1.3%
China actually has beds for more than 0.4%: 4.34 beds per 1000 people, i.e. 0.434%.
Ireland? Less than 0.3%: 2.96 beds per 1000 people, i.e. 0.296%.  
Not only do they have THREE orders of magnitude more people, but they also have 47% percent MORE hospital beds for all of those people.
People downvoted me when I first said this, but I'll say it again:
> Protip: Don't run your health service [to] the absolute limit, to the point where a non-emergency already becomes a national emergency, because once an international health emergency then hits...
Is it too early to say I told you so? China also attempted to silence the doctor and refused to recognise the virus. The doctor died as a result.
My favourite thing about having insomnia for 3 decades is people telling me how to cure it as if I haven't tried everything imaginable to avoid 10,000 sleep-deprived nights. @USER Me too....me too.
That’s just the culture of pop punk and metalcore though, music for those who are mentally 13.
(sorry if you like metalcore)
EDIT - gonna keep this comment up because apparently people can’t discern that pop punk/metalcore is vastly different scene to all the other types of metal. 
It’s an extension of 2000’s scene/emo kid culture and is far more toxic than any actual punk/metal shows.
To anyone in Brisbane think The Brightside vs Crowbar and the different crowds there. Ive had the opposite experience with fans of the metalcore and punk/metal scenes in general. Ive never had an issue, and like anything it's a few bad apples that ruin the whole scene. 
Now I have seen douche bros countless times act like this towards people of varying genders, cultures and sexualities.
ITT males fucking female zombies. What if a female fucked a male zombie? Would zombie spooge get her pregnant? Don't know what you just said but sounds like a zombie threesome.
@USER I got these honey wax crayons on Amazon.  Let me check it and dm you. @USER Thanks man.. Got it.. I appreciate it.
@USER Oh dear what an awful ? thing to happen you didn't say wat happened and wat a beautiful tribute ? such a lovely video and song ❤ very tearful. @USER  @USER He went wrong during the race , looked like a leg break , very sad ?
Government says it will provide a discount on wholesale gas and electricity prices for all non-domestic customers. @USER  @USER The government is going to get a slap from the Speaker. These things should be announced in Parliament first not to the media. No excuse, the Commons will be sitting in an hour's time.
@USER Stunning days for you at the moment! @USER Today is 24 degrees and just stunning. Too dark to walk in the morning is my only gripe about it all as it was spectacular along the river this morning.
If Kamala thinks a bus full of migrants outside her home is a crisis, she needs to see what Texans are living with EVERY DAY. Sorry the immigration crisis finally makes you feel uncomfortable, Kamala. IMAGINE HOW WE FEEL IN TEXAS!! @USER Have another drink.
Here is my conspiracy theory
I think that IB officer who died in delhi riots, know something of important and tortured to get that information. Delhi riots are being used as cover up for his death. Ye thoda zyada merko lag raha hain.
People think we’ve bough Forster, Bissouma and Perisic for £25m.

We haven’t. It’s £17m as we sold CCV for £8m. @USER We also need to move Ndombele winks lo Celso Regullion Rodon Bergwin Royal on also....
Decent fees for all...Lose our shirt on Ndombele.....Loan most likely there.....
Just come back from a drive with my dad, and I think I almost enjoyed it. Probably a sign I can actually drive, and I ought to sack off my current driving instructor for a more patient one - I'm sick of being shouted at, and it's got to the point where I jump if anyone in the passenger seat moves or raises their voice. Luckily enough, mine's away for two weeks now, so it gives me the opportunity to call around. 
Off for a carvery in a bit with the twin and a friend from school, which I'm looking forward to. Since I started my new job, my commute has tripled, and I don't have as much time with them as I'd like, so it's always nice for a catch-up. Remember, you're paying them! If you don't like the way they do it, get someone else. It's so important to have someone who builds your confidence to drive instead of lowering it.
I have a bidet so can ration toilet paper pretty well but I guess a lot of people can't :P I can understand why people might stock up on it if they're worried though, they'll eventually use it so not really a waste of money plus it's one of my worst nightmares to run out of toilet paper and I think I'm not alone in that fear. Bidet salespeople should be working overtime right now.
Idk, i can't help, maybe call someone to help but i suck at help them. Maybe u could just use your arm and wrap it around the bullys neck and pull him down then beat the crap out of him.
@USER Thank you so much! I truly feel so grateful for this! My heart is so delighted and I am not only happy but also extremely pleased, since this is an accomplishment of a milestone in my life. Thank you! @USER  @USER Congratulations ? Nehal.
Guess we'll need to legalise polyamorous marriages then. I mean, technically you can buy a house with as many cosignees as you want.
I hope  @USER will insist that all Twitter posters use their real names &amp; not be keyboard cowards hiding behind silly little sophomoric screen names.  Be man enough or woman enough (if you even know what that is) to stand by what you say! If you can’t own it don’t say it. @USER  @USER Keep talking. Reminds me who to stay away from.
@USER They are verified. No more, no less. @USER Ah.
Imagine sticking a tooth pick underneath your big toenail and then kicking a wall
Or imagine getting paper cuts in the webbing of all fingers. No. Imagine.... baby shark doo doo doodoo.
Can they name the fucking company so the employees know to look for any sign or symptoms. Someone said Shell but no confirmation on that.
@USER I went back to Uni at 50 and changed my career so 38 is very doable. @USER Well done ??
I hate the kind of people that every time you talk to them they’re always trying and sell you something. @USER  @USER Me 2 .. I’m like I’m not interested! You know anyone who wants to buy a PS5 ?
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Melbourne is winter, winter, winter, winter as far as I'm concerned.
The theory that there's a cure for cancer out there somewhere. Not a developmental one, but one that has a high success rate, like vaccines for various diseases.  It's probably locked away guarded by heavily armed guards.  Imagine how much money the medical world would lose when an easily accessible cure is put on the market. There's a lot of buzz around these researchers in Cardiff, Wales.UK. 
They stumbled upon a possible cure using T-cells.
Interesting video:
 URL.
Don't use tinder for finding marriageable guys, it's not meant for that. Okay!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Shame no one will be able to see such a 'crucial' event on TV. Is amateurish streaming on social media which has zero reach among the general public really the best the premier rally in Ireland can manage? Have a look at the NW200 to see how coverage should be done. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hey Say WhatNow, just wondered if you could expand on your thesis description of “amateurish” and the correlation coefficient where you decry viewership as “zero public reach” (in general terms) very interested to discuss and learn from your view point.
Ah the old 'I've dropped my sweets' dilemma, do you scrabble around and pick them up putting them in the bag because you'll bin them later (liar); do you kick them under the nearest seat or hide them under your feet/bag until you can make a hasty exit; do you break down in tears at the latest shit hand life has dealt you?
Or do you just sit on the floor and eat them whilst making eye contact with all around you daring them to challenge your need for sugary goodness? I spilled a tiny bit of coke on the empty seat next to me and I had nothing to dry it up with, and because the seat was kind of waterproof it wouldn't soak, so I just had to desperately hope no one sat there until I could get off.
I've always wanted to buy vinyls of old music (50s through to 70s) - does anyone here think it's worth buying them? It's worth depends on what your getting out of it, if your trying to make money out of it you best try and find rare ones and hope that the 'fad' doesn't die away, but if your doing it (like me) because you enjoy trying to hunt down the album your looking for, having the physical copy of the album that gives the illusion of more value for money, then i'd say its worth it, it just depends (like everything really) on what your wanting to get out of it.
@USER Two in one arm! You are a trooper! I got one in each : ) Hope you feel great! Looks like a great day! Dan. @USER I’d rather have one sore arm than two.
Idk why should I be afraid of someone coming to kill me. Fear keeps us from dying. I'm going to die anyway so rather than cower and beg like a pussy, I might just fight back the hardest I ever have because that same fear is going to tell me "you must kill this guy or you'll die" so I'll fight ten times harder. 
And I've seen these deffusers or pacifists get beaten to a bloody pulp while begging. That ain't gonna work. Either run, fight or do both. You're not fighting alone. life is not a videogame buddy.
I've done an extra shop of long date item. Rice pasta flour tinned tomatoes. All things that are on my usual list.
My son is immunocompromised so we may choose to self isolate as a family before the government makes it mandatory. 
That and I dont want to fight hoards of people for the last bag of rice in a weeks time once the government admit we are fucked! I've done the same. Sure we will get through it anyway if there isn't a shortage. I've stocked up for similar reasons as you. My son is immunocomprised.
I don't wanna be going out if there does end up being lots of cases!
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER No your so humble .unique .down  to earth Girl  podda.
Liz Truss says the chances of blackouts this winter are very slim &amp; there's nothing to worry about.

Buy candles, buy a fuck load of candles. @USER Does Matt Hancock's sister own a candle factory?
PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.
Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons: 


Rule 3: You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".


Rule 3: Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.


Rule 1: You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  The question must be a full sentence.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".


If you have any queries or concerns, please feel free to contact the mods. Thank you.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns. ?
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. That's great! Congratulations! 
Gives me hope TBH!
Tis long riddled. Our local wan was in fookin January. Also, got a nice skirt.
Kerplunk ftw! Buckaroo was my jam. Guess it set me up for my stunning shopping carrying without a basket skills in adult life.
Panic buying. It’s the same in Canberra and Gundagai and Melbourne. Overbuying is a self fulfilling prophecy and will cause a food supply shortage. Not good. will wait until I hear that ScoMo has left the country for Hawaii before I panic buy anything.
Hitler. Oh wait. Y hide score?
Wasnt it said that the coronavirus wont survive in warm climates and that's why regions like Europe are under major threat and regions like Africa and India are relatively safe from a major outbreak ?
Or was that another myth of COVID?
Just googled it and this is the best answer I could find.Guardian
>Is it possible the warmer weather may bring relief?
Some observers have pointed to the fact that Africa has relatively few cases of Covid-19 and that this may be a response to hotter conditions there. The virus cannot take the heat, in other words.
Most scientists counsel caution, however. “The disease has only just arrived in Africa and it is far too early to tell how it will behave there,” says Woolhouse. “We will just have to wait and see.”. Viruses from bats are more resistant to high temperatures as bats produce high temp. While flying.
As for Africa, Africa is less connected to the rest of the world so fewer cases.
i barely take care of the twitter crew so fuck it, will choose 5 people who like this post &amp; give them $10,000 USD each when i wake up, will post who I choose &amp; why. @USER Liked ?
The three great universities are Oxford, Cambridge and? Open University on BBC2 at 3am?
The blame put on women for not stopping themselves from being raped will never not shock and disgust me. @USER It’s disgusting,some men are predators and they will do absolutely anything to rape a woman,dirt bags of the highest order. Ian.
BREAKING REPORT: Marine Recruit, Private First Class Javier Pong – [18 YEARS-OLD] – Dies After Collapsing During a Training Exercise at Camp Pendleton... @USER  @USER Prayers for the family ?❤️?  #RIP.
Hello everyone. Today is my 73rd birthday. Haven't heard from family. Can I  please get some birthday likes? @USER Happy birthday  Barbara.
As you can see with Patrick Collins and Eibhear Quilligan, the smallest errors carry huge weight when you’re the man between the sticks. @USER Puck outs still need work. Not sure it's on him.  Could be better at winning the second ball from longer puck outs.
@USER I wonder if he got confused while looking for three bears and accidentally wandered into the home of two bares. @USER ????
In research, it's not enough to be 99.9% sure, you have to be 100% sure. How many of you agree?  @USER  @USER  @USER @AcademicDilemma. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Depends on the context? Nothing in Biology is 100%. Do you need to be 100% sure that you sterilised the laminar flow before working with cultures? Absolutely. Does a result 100% prove a hypothesis? Not necessarily! It's all part of the fun ?.
With the amount of money that has been donated, it's impossible that a cure for cancer hasn't been found yet. Personally, I think the cure must be hidden somewhere and only the wealthiest people can access to it. Its not like money could be mismanaged, or that cancer is simply incurable and the money is put to treatment research.
Aren’t Shudra Dalit and untouchables same. No. Shudras are not really untouchables. Dalits though are. Shudras also faced Untouchability though, especially during the Peshwai in Maharashtra.
Out in athy dude saw two but I just put it down to a falling star. If I seen 2 I’d think the same but there was genuinely about 12 in a row all going the same direction the same distance apart, weird man.
Don't go near them, they are really dangerous!
source - am dangerous bird expert :). > am dangerous bird expert
As in...an expert on dangerous birds, or a bird expert who is dangerous?
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. A way back now they privatised all the Centrelink job agencies and the whole thing just became a scam / rort.
I had a similar situation over a decade ago and it was so infuriating having such agencies actively make finding work more difficult for private profits.
I dont know what I'd do without them. I suffer from extreme social anxiety so thinking about people with mental health illnesses having more of them is amazing. I do feel though for the cashiers who want a job or want to keep their job. I relate to this I hate the feeling of standing in line with someone with a cart behind and in front of me way rather just hit the self check out minimal interaction.
मेरे देश के युवा रात 12 बजे तक बार मे नशा करने वाले नहीं थे, मेरे देश के ऐसे संस्कार नही थे कि अर्धनग्न होकर बच्चियां इंस्टाग्राम पर नाच करें

ये सब बॉलीवुड ने सिखाया है,, 
इसलिए इसका बहिस्कार करता हूँ??yes/no. @USER  @USER yes
सर.
@USER No way!! It's literally NEVER too late to learn, to live, to love. We only live once: grab every moment of joy you can!! ❤️. @USER Thank you. Pain gets the better of us sometimes. ??
@USER  @USER Getting a bit jealous now.     Lol. @USER  @USER Not too late! Lol. Still tickets for DST. Flights are available! ?
@USER Ahh cmon fam why you gotta do us dirty like that ?? @USER  @USER Where is SS these days?
@USER Good on you.  There's nothing like getting an early start to your day and getting it done. @USER Exactly ?
@USER Sorry to hear that. We certainly understand your concern. Request you to share the order details so that we'll have this checked and assist you accordingly. (1/2). @USER This is nothing about sorry guys.
Bisexual. Not gay. There is a difference. Don't be part of the bisexual erasure. Thanks. Bi is fly but isn't gay the accepted shorthand in this case
Edit. Ok I'm wrong. Will know better in the future.
@USER Sending you big hugs Les.  You are doing so well. Send Mrs C a hug from me too xx. @USER Will do.
Can we perhaps upgrade the travel advice for all these countries please? 
A ban, sure but most of them are “returning” from holidays. There are some rich ppl out there are circumventing band and just flying off from another country to get here.
gamepigeonaddicts don’t drink alcohol they drink pure human juices. this is the second comments about drinking human juices and i don’t know how to feel about that.
#IndvsSA 3rd ODI New Delhi
The Sun is finally out The clouds have dispersed The chances of play brightens subject to condition of the pitch &amp; ground 
The empires will survey the ground &amp; the pitch at 1 PM to decide
Let's wait &amp; watch. #IndiavsSouthAfrica 3rd ODI New Delhi
Start of match has been delayed due to wet ground conditions Even toss has not taken place
Let's wait &amp; watch.
Black card and penalty? @USER Surely linesman could have given a prompt..really believe we need qualified inter county referees as umpires for these games.
An amazing bloke, his reports from Aleppo should be compulsory listening.
Edit: just bookmarked that episode on BBC Sounds. Brilliant- ill check them out.
Released weekly. Damn... I’ll just wait.
Grabs popcorn
This is a damn good question.... Can't wait for the results. Agreed. My family isn't boring, but porn has never been involved & I've only known like one person who's mother posed for Playboy.
Who do you think should sing the next #JamesBond  @USER title song? @USER  @USER Was there ever any truth to the rumour that if Amy Winehouse had gotten clean and sober for a year, Eon were prepared to give her a crack at a Bond song?
Why is the risk still incredibly low in Ireland? I've heard it said multiple times by the health officials with no context.
Is it just a numbers game or the climate or something? possibly very complex just my two guesses. We’ve only had 2 confirmed cases on the Island, and no known infections that took place on the island. The risk will get higher if we have cases from people who haven’t been to high risk areas, because that means people are becoming infected here. The risk won’t go to high until we get to a point of infections which can’t be traced.
Say usual place again. The ushe.
Half way through our Louvre visit and having a bite to eat at a cafe, and there’s a bloke at the next table eating a burger and licking his fingers after every bite - what l wouldn’t do for a big stick right now. @USER You’d think they’re be museum security specifically employed to prevent such nonsense.,.
My childhood ass whoopings. Can you write that in more than four words.
Please say a prayer for me for I feel very alone tonight. @USER He'll never leave you nor forsake you. Hold on to that truth.
@USER There was plans, they've been bumped for the fire ? ?? @USER Don't blame ya. Tis miserable out!
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER  @USER Firmly secure wow is that like a prison secure I mean what about Democracy? What about Human rights?
Do Unionists not believe in such things? Or do they only apply if you're Not Scottish. I mean surely Scots decide their own Future or is that only outside the UK?
Heavy metal is the best medicine ? @USER Hmm, to each its own!
Event Horizon is pretty wild. Love that film!
Modi is a megalomaniac and attention seeker. He can't keep himself off the mainstream media. This is not happening. Just another PR stunt. posting this again because r/india has taken down two posts under which I made this comment.
If the Irish people actually wanted change to a more Nordic system as Bernie envisages, they'd have voted for the Greens or the Soc Dems.
A vote for SF is just a vote for 'let someone else pay for me'. Our selfishness is just based on monetary lines, not racial or ethnic lines.
Ireland is a very different country to America. Here we have the 2nd most progressive tax intake in the OECD with the top 10% contributing 60% of our taxes.
 URL. I'm not sure about that comment with the greens. The Nordic systems rely on exploitation of vast amounts of natural resources to fund a lot of what they do. If you copy pasted those systems into Ireland we'd have a massive shortfall in the budgets.
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER And DC also. It’s not fair the way it is now.
Not just Aldi - there were a remarkable number of enough shelves at Woolies when I went shopping this morning - a lot of canned food and dry stuff empty, or almost so.
Stupid people panicking for no reason. If areas get quarantined for a few weeks (or god forbid months) because this thing hits you'll be eating nothing but your words.
Who will be stupid then?
That Covid-19 is an escaped virus from the Wuhan military biological research facility. Where Chinese assembled it as a biological weapon that killed about 2800 people in 40 days? Mostly old people with previous diseases? Man, what a shitty weapon!
How to gain followers? ? @USER Kachaa badaam wali video bana lena?
Currently stuck in Carlow. Guess I’m not going to work. People in Carlow have jobs?
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER If a party wins an election on the manifesto pledge to have a referendum on devolution, then absolutely we should have one. It is democracy after all.
@USER  @USER But have you learned anything from a post grad mature age student from the University of Western Sydney? @USER  @USER With a class three honours but a PhD assessed via interpretive dance.
Lowest point was probably the year after high school. My parents had divorced and my mom moved out first after keeping me on lockdown because she found out I was dating a girl. Then my dad moved out to live with my now step mom. I went from having no freedom at all to having absolute freedom, and I did not handle it well. I did a lot of drugs and drank a lot of alcohol. Most of the time, the only consumables in the house wee ramen and booze. I didn’t even care about taking care of myself because I was drunk or high all the time. 
I think the highest point is now. I bought a house last September, got out of an unhappy marriage, my teenager is absolutely thriving, I’ve got a decent paying job, published two novels, and I got back together with that same girl I dated twenty years ago. Things are going really well now. I am really fucking happy for you dude.
Dear  @USER please understand that it’s not allowed to call people who are under DND. Whenever we visit your site, you people are tracking us and we see you calling us. This is not appropriate.  @USER  @USER please take necessary action. Your executive Karishma. Just called while I was on your site and this is shocking that how can you track and trace like this. No more dealing with ICICI Pru henceforth.
Be the hokey!

Roman Dolidze is ruthless. #UFCAustin. Wonder how much that clash of heads affected that fight. Even still, great performance by Dolidze.
@USER Good morning, Be Real. Regarding subtitles on Girls5Eva. We don't expect to have subtitle support anytime soon but we do hope to support all Peacock content in the future. Have a nice day. ^GS. @USER Thanks. That's really disappointing. I'm pretty astonished #subtitles (at least in the broadcast language) aren't standard for all TV in 2022.

Is  @USER not providing them or are your respective technologies not compatible?

#accessibility #deafawareness.
Quick reminder: legitimate government websites will end in .gov.au, but you're better off not clicking links in email/SMS regardless.  E.g. the real link is  URL . Like  URL  and  URL 
Consumer facing sites aren't always .gov.au. There are a lot of grey areas these days.
Nobody wants to hang out with me and I understand. I would hang out with you.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER बहुत सुंदर सत्संग वचन।
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
The Irish Traveller community lost three children to suicide this week. Ages 13, 11 and 9, all bullied to death for their ethnicity. It’s happening week after week and they’re getting younger. We don’t need thoughts and prayers, we need anger and action. @USER I'm so sorry ?
Still think these ought to be nuclear powered. I did, but then someone explained they need constant restocking with supplies whether nuclear or not so it doesn't make all that much difference anyway.
Every time I come to Alice Springs and visit First Nations townships &amp; remote communities I’m given most important reminder of how colonisation &amp; systemic oppression &amp; disenfranchisement of First Nations peoples remains pervasive. Truly our national shame and a stain on us all. @USER Best you had home to Greece with your family then,  hand your house back if you feel so strongly.
Raw with mayo. Try rubbing a bit of oil. 10x better.
Iaintwotuthink is a genius lady. Dalali karna band karo
band karo
band karo.
Travellers have been lobbying for a national health strategy,mental health strategy for over a decade our State and its organs failed us. Now look where we are our children dying by suicide at a shocking rate. ? @USER Shocking , God rest those poor children, it’s time for some intervention ?
You can just say fuck. Punctuation would change the sentence.
'You can just say, fuck' - exasperated.
'You can just say fuck!' - implying OP is a fuck
'You can, just say fuck' - say it bud!
@USER Was there pineapples on it? ? @USER  @USER Clearly. Man has class.
May you have the money people often think you have ?? @USER Amen ?
Migrate if you want to but just know that you're merely running away from the problem. Every sensible voter leaving is one less vote to defeat BJP. And don't forget one thing, once shit hits the fans, even the fuckers who claim India is doing great under Modi will also migrate and next thing you know, you'll be surrounded by the very shitheads you were trying to avoid. Those shite heads will start eating beef and sausage once they get out. 
Hypocrites the lot.
@USER Happy Sunday Lana ☀️. @USER Happy Sunday John, ??
Its absolutely shite. Right thanks for your opinion stated as fact. I thought it was incredible and thoroughly enjoyed my time there. Perhaps you and I have different things that interest us eg I enjoy reading, learning and creating, and you enjoy banging stones together.
Just went and to grab a few things for dinner tonight there were people panic buying at Woolies. Not sure why you were downvoted. I had the same experience at Coles. It was kind of chaotic and weird.
Me, Not child.
Accidentally stole a loaf of bread. Went in for milk and bread. Held milk and money in one hand. Bread in another. Put milk up paid and walked out. Got to car. Checked receipt because i got more change than expected and realised I just held the bread in left hand and only gave them the milk and money with right hand. Completely unaware. How did the cashier not notice it? Probably had a bad day, well not you, you got free bread.
The cow lovers sprinkle cow piss. How do communists 'purify' a place? Put books with small print there and allow people to read.
Am I the only one not freaking out about this virus? Sure, I might take more care to wash my hands but I don’t feel the need to go out buying masks, antibacterial wipes or Dettol just yet. I'm not freaked about the virus at all, I'm more concerned about the fact that people are panic buying and everywhere is sold out of all things antibacterial.
@USER Odeio-a tanto. @USER Samesies.
how can they just rule out the possibility that the guy got it from China just because he spent 14 days overseas when there are cases where the incubation period is much longer than that? I asked the same question.
@USER Good morning Sis!!! Will try my best to spread love and joy today. Going to vote early!!! My brother-in-law is running for the 8th distrect Appeals Court!!! So excited to vote BLUE all the way!!! Be blessed today!!!
?❤️?? @USER Thank you Brenda. Have a nice day.❤.
जब देश की लंका लगेगी न तो उससे कोई अछूता नहीं रहेगा, 

वे अंधभक्त भी नहीं जो आज बिना अच्छा-बुरा सोचे आंख मूंदकर सरकार की जय जय कर रहे है!! @USER  @USER You are right mam aapke pair Kahan hai mujhe.
That would be Elon Musk's SpaceX Starlink Satallites. They launch them 60 at a time and they slowly drift apart to their final position over time. So for a while after launch they follow each other in a line like that. They are highly reflective so at dusk and dawn they can be easily spotted. Thank you mate this seems much more likely than aliens.
What did this setup cost you. Would love to go solar but all of the solar panel "grants" sound a lot like scams. Not in the conventional sense but that it's not actually the person with the panels who ends up saving anything for 20 odd years. Panels and inverter cost me £4k all in , fitted.  (4KW system)
Immersun (hot water / heat diverter device) cost me £200 fitted, already had an electric element in the hot water cylinder. 
thinking about going for a battery next, but that will cost more than the whole setup cost. We've had our system for 5 years almost (bought it in 2015) and it's already paid for itself both in savings and the income generated and in theory at least, there's 15 years left to go on my FIT contract (payments) and a life of about the same left on the panels.
@USER I think if im right in saying it was  @USER and @MacMate_. @USER  @USER  @USER Ye mate. F channel rise up.
Are you Afraid to fly? I am. @USER I was in the beginning but now I fly a lot so not so much.
>How when he was looking for partners to play Badminton, most hindu groups didn't take him in but the Muslim guys welcomed him with open arms.
What? That was hilarious!
Séamus Power eagles 7 and he's one-under for the day and T20 on Ev. This has been some start to his major career. @USER .  @USER v  @USER in the Barton Shield, 20 years ago. The day a Star was born……?⛳️.
Just wash your dot out in the shower. starts stocking up on shower heads.
@USER They were supposed to find my luggage. It’s been 4 weeks and I have no clue about it. Definitely worst airlines ever.  @USER  @USER @AirFranceKLM. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You are the worst airline!! You lost my luggage, can't find it, only gave me a $100 voucher, a number to call at JFK that doesn't work, and a tracking number that also doesn't work! Where is my luggage???
How tf people keep travelling all the fucking time? I hate Instagram posts of my friends.
Boris Johnson ignores his responsibilities here and goes scuttling off to Ukraine in a desperate bid to be photographed next to the only person in the world who  likes him. @USER You mean the only European leader who has backed him unequivocally?
@USER  @USER  @USER I haven’t been able to download it from music glue either. @USER  @USER  @USER So glad it’s not just me. I see it as a good problem to have. An album so hot it’s creating a meltdown. ??
@USER What did it for her? @USER Well, she was anti Trump 2016 and 2020. She was a moderate R. She’s pro choice. She’s pro Lgbtq. She thought 1/6 was a disgrace to all. And she was very upset with how DeSantis dealt with Covid.
Dude, more than half of this country is finding and struggling with their relationships.
You like her, ask her out.
Maybe she likes you and reciprocates the same.
Maybe she doesn't like you that much and it will let her know you better.
Maybe you think she is different than you imagined.
Your thinking and opinions change over time.
I say, ask her out..
And about the age difference, it's hardly four years. It's upto both of you to decide.
If you're both comfortable, Go ahead and cruise through the long term. Thank you so much for the comment and advice. I am most likely overthinking this.
I hate that Coillte is run as a profit centre, there's no reason for it. Maybe at the founding of the state when we were penniless, but there's no excuse these days. They should be looking after and promoting our native or re-planted forests, not planting foreign species that ruin the soil in the name of money.
My grandfather planted a wood that is enjoyed by people today, I'm glad the soil isn't good enough for Sitka spruce and so it's almost all native trees, but this is the rare exception. Coillte is kind of a pointless organizational to be honest. They aren't even really run as a money making organizational because they can't apply for grants in regards to the planting of commercial forests anymore after the EU smacked the Government down for doing it. Everyone else can though so they can't compete on price.
If i was ordering, i'd stick a note up on my door to say to leave everything on the doorstep, knock and leave.
Hopefully anyone who is self isolating will not be so daft as to keep quiet and have actual contact with another person. Yeah... um... how's that policy of not supplying carrier bags with deliveries working out now, Tesco?
I’m making a ?? Sokkah gc, reply to be added X. @USER Do we have to follow the a league religiously cause I kinda ditched it after GCU folded.
@USER Does that start tonight? @USER Yerp.
Is this to gain sympathy or what? He is a showman, he aint going nowhere. I am sure this is it.
Where will Leclerc finish? @USER Where is the DNF option? ??
@USER It can be some innovative pickup line ? @USER I thought it must be a බයියෙක්? They can't show me?
I upset people every time I point this out but Murdoch is going out of business because people aren't consuming the "news" from his fiction factory.
Not only that but Australians don't pay attention to news in general. And when we do it's for the sport or the weather. We're the least likely to consume news in the Western World, and even then we're the least likely to believe what we read or are being told.
The influence of media outlets on the Australian public is well overstated. We simply don't care. You see you say that but then every time I make the stupid decision to check the comments section on any politics or climate change post on facebook, it's inundated with people making the same Murdoch talking points. For a country that supposedly doesn't pay attention to the news, we sure do a good job of parroting what one of the largest media monopolies on the planet want us to parrot.
Red Dead Redemption 2. Without spoiling too much it just felt way too personal and I’m still not over it. Before playing it, I knew how it was going to end, but I still cried, I felt that Arthur deserved the best.
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Then they wouldn’t really be Muslims living devoid of any influence from the Quran or Islamic teachings, I sincerely hope you don’t assume that all the Quran and Islamic teachings are bad and cause mayhem. Also I don’t think you get the meaning of the word secular by the way you framed the question, secular doesn’t mean abandonment of religion in regards to individual practice but that law should not be based on religious teachings which have no basis in fact, i.e. ban on cow slaughter or blasphemy laws 
I won’t say islamophobia but the way your question is phrased astounds me, can Muslims be secular? Go ask that to all the Muslims protesting to remove a religious delineation on a law. Smh.
Good that we are detecting them at least. That's better than not detecting them.
This   "east of ireland" thing is bullshit though. Now I have to go off to   twitter to find out where this is. It would be much better to just issue   a postcode or general area. I don't even need to know more than that   right now, but "east of ireland" is bullshit. And Holohan has the  arrogance to say hse.ie  is a "one stop shop" and "Social media is NOT a place to go for  information to go to figure out how to deal with this virus"? The idiot  is forcing me to go to social media because he won't tell us the general  area this person has been living and working in the last few days.
 URL 
Edit:  I see  Dr Tony Holohan said we have tested 397 people so far.  That's a  pretty good increase since 2 days ago when I think it was 90.  To me  that's helps raise my confidence in the hse a bit.
 URL 
Edit  2: Then Holohan goes and says " he does NOT believe it likely that  there are more cases than the two currently known in the Republic of  Ireland". That takes away from my confidence in the HSE. Why is he  allowing himself to make guesses? He should stick to providing hard  accurate information. Let the politicians handle the positivity.
 URL 
Edit 3: look at the level of detail they have about the outbreak in Singapore. This comes from their health authority giving accurate, precise information to their people.
 URL. Where is it?
Have to get ready for work but my motivation is at a 0....this cold has been kicking my ass..my nose is plugged up and my chest is full...but no covid thank god...just pushing through it... @USER Bless. Hope you feeling better soon. I'll send you lots of motivation to get you going and throughout the day. Here for you. Take care. Lots of love ? ? ? ? ? ? Xxxx ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥.
The gold rush, the Melbourne real estate crash, Japan invading Russia, discovery of the XRay and who could forget the coronation of Tsar Nicholas II? Dream of the 1890s....
Why restrict it to men? Men seem to have the most trouble getting partners today.
@USER Weight kaafi put on hgya h ? aur exams tk hosh me rehna h to mid Nov tk No Choley Bhaturey ?‍?️???? @USER  @USER CA's child be like

A for Asset

B for Balance Sheet

C for Chartered Accountants

D for Documentation

E for Equity

Continue in the comments......
LADZ! I just watched ‘House of Gucci,’ - I know you all loved it…. but lord! It is NOT good. @USER Haven’t seen it but out of curiosity I want to lol.
@USER  @USER Available from…? @USER Did u get message I left you thanks.
I know it seems like a naff thing to report, but reporting this to the police and sending them the footage could help if she’s a repeat offender at loads of properties and ever gets nicked. Although I don't think it's acceptable to take someone else's milk which they're paid for, I don't know if this would technically be considered a crime. It's left outside their property and not secured in any way. I say this because I know someone who just had their bike "nicked", but they left it unlocked outside a premises and expected it would still be there. I work with drug addicts and they will literally take anything they can get their hands on. It's sad but seeing someone take milk that's left outside doesn't surprise me in the slightest.
...so I don't have the security of large life savings. On top of this, I have depression and ASD which add to the challenges. I went to @UTAS_'s mental health support program for HDR students, but it was mostly teaching us about mindfulness - which I appreciate, but... 2/3. ...I'm already practising due to the mental illnesses. I think what would really help is, while we do impactful research, an expected full time load, we should be financially supported adequately in line with the increase cost of living so we don't spread ourselves too thin. 3/3.
The play out music is ??? @USER Good morning beautiful.
Buntoley invites you to the wedding celebration


            of his Tai and soon-to-be Tau



        Hugri Alexabot  ?and  ? commode

? This joyful outdoor ceremony will be held on?
                  Saturday,4/20

          at 6:09 o'clock in the evening



        Sulabh complex , Haryana


     Reception will immediately follow
   Please RSVP by today on given number

    (Nau do gol gol tera du du gol gol). Bunty where is Bunty father, mother, ancestor.
@USER  @USER ??? @USER  @USER Thank you my guy ??
@USER there's literally zero shame in writing "B was the first time I became aware of X, as it turned X mainstream", especially compared to "B was tbe source of X". @USER There never is, of course experience tells me that its entirely dependent who and what you are.
@USER No FATHER, NO! You can support the TRue Magisterium of the Church. That's all. This is not a cafeteria where we choose what we like. Do you or do you not condemn sodomy? @USER As an ordained priest, I took an oath to support the Holy Father and to teach what the Magisterium teaches us. Only that I reject sodomy, I reject all sins, not just one sin. God bless and best wishes to you.
It a a good thing he is spending all this money in wedding.
Read it as, Politician infuses Rs. 500 crore in local economy.
It will create lot of job and employment.
Edit: it is a light hearted fun comment. Ahh yes the trickle-down economics. If you feed enough oats to a horse, it would eventually shit enough undigested oats to feed the birds.
Carlow doesn't exist. Its just one of those things they put on the map to fill up space. carlovian here, can confirm, is real, but is a shithole.
I don't even understand this one. IKEA isn't actually a word, its an acronym for the creator and where he grew up.
If it stood for something norse or whatever (Tron is a good example that seems ridiculous for a western audience due to the film franchise but actually means something different) then you could forgive the parents here, but fucking Ikea? It's a made up story.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Everything, there is no god. Stop beleving in nonsens.
Wanna know something funny I have never had an award. Not a very innovative way to try and get one either.
@USER I am Murali Reddy I have NISM 8 Now I am Working In AnandhRati Investment Service. @USER You can surely apply with your CV to our  email id hr@vachanainvestments.com 
My team will get back to you.
Should a woman ask a man out or wait? @USER Always ask...you have nothing to lose.
@USER Pretty sure that the first word is 'Brit.' - presumably 'British'. Working on the other word... @USER Ha! Couldn’t be easier - it’s ‘Brit. Mag’ ie The British Magazine.
The ridiculous thing is if they are the flat tie on kind they don't protect the wearer so they are useless for people to steal. Hospital tie-on face masks are designed to stop medical professionals infecting their patient [edit.. and protect the wearer from blood/fluid sprays]. Only the form-fitting P2/N95 rated type protects the wearer [from inhaling particles/viruses].
Edit: source: I have spent many years doing filter/respirator R&D. Some of my papers are cited by 3M (a leading respirator and surgical mask manufacturer) in their technical manuals. This. The crappy ones are for protecting people from the mask-wearer.
That absolute cunt Emperor Commodus in Gladiator. You can FEEL the knife go In.
I think they are trying to keep this thing in the news until Bihar elections, just before the election they will execute them and ask for votes on that. why didn't they do this for Delhi elections ?
Anyway, I wonder who is financing these rapists to file so many petitions, pay for lawyers ?
@USER So terribly sad. @USER There are only ~30,000 Mincéirí in Ireland so every family is struggling with suicide. It’s a desperate situation &amp; we really need to have the British &amp; Irish governments address why kids are choosing not to live because of how settled people are treating Travellers.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I frequently find myself lowering my butt towards the seat where Bella is, thinking she will move…

And yet…. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER If she's anything like mine, she will be sitting with her paw poised to speed dial Cats' Protection.......
Ballarat
Race 10  No.8
DAN MIELICKI
$100 WIN       #DAY7
 @USER #harnesscharitychallenge 
#TrottersOnly     
Was $6.50 Fixed early ☹️. @USER  @USER Might of forgot to take off.
they crawl around when no one is looking and link up with other boogers until a massive booger monster is created and he lurks around in the sewers. This is magnificent, I wish I had an award to give.
Just dreamt of China, India and Pakistan in a three front nuclear war, and total annihilation. It was such a vivid dream. The babyverse will never let such a thing happen??
I going to take a guess and stay this was on strandhill beach, amazing surf beach but fuck me the pull in that water. Could have been around mullaghmore either, think that's a favourite for them when it's stormy.
I wonder how this changes the income of sellers. I'd always assumed that the cash you pay them was theirs minus a deduction for the cost of the magazines themselves. Do they receive payslips now? Have they always received payslips? Does the money that gets paid by card credit their bank account? So many questions. I'm pretty sure they get the magazine's for free and all the printing costs are covered by adverts and they get to keep all the money they make from selling them.
@USER Kilsyth is $25. @USER And rego for season?
A bird plane. Bird plane?
Started feeling difficulty in swallowing and then after a few hours , voila! Pharyngitis !
Just one day before exam sickness is just the cherry on the icing of my not so good preparation for the cake that's gonna be my results. oh i know that feel bro, once i had this head hammering viral fever and exams ke beech me vo bhi.
as a non irishmun would anyone care to tell me just what a yoke is and why he's grand? My best interpretation is that it's a stolen car and so there's some kind of insurance effective against that? Yoke just means a "thing", you can call anything a yoke, in this context it means the car. Grand just means "OK" or "good". He's more or less sayin "the car was robbed its alright".
It’s to give the impression of them having a weapon(knife, D-lock, etc) so they are more threatening to other teenage bys. The penis mightier than the sword.
@USER i am living in wonderful bliss having shit all knowledge of the timelines ? @USER  @USER Right?
I know enough to be dangerous about that franchise but not enough of all of that so I’m just enjoying an incredible show.
Avoid zero days (do something productive at least once a day) and read (odds are someone smarter than you figured out something you want to know and wrote it down). I’m having an existential crisis it seems I just gotta make sure I keep myself busy I guess.
@USER Hi, we don't want you to have such unpleasant experience with us. We will connect with you at the earliest. @USER I'm still waiting guys.
Watched a documentary (think it was in Canada) a while back where they had safe centers where people could get clean needles, be supervised by medical staff while using controlled substances and offered rehabilitation programmes and not be threatened by police 
None of the drugs had been decriminalised but the state has recognised an epidemic and offered a safer system to those at the highest risk levels.
I don't think at this point decriminalization would do shit. we've an rooted black market supply chain that isn't going anywhere, best thing the state can do is provide early education into the long term effects of drug use, heavily change the support infrastructure for those caught in addiction cycles and stop treating em like dregs and leaving em in back alleys. We have legislation permitting a safe injection facility on the cards for the last 5 years. It's been blocked multiple times from planning permission objections. Hopefully it will eventually get built. Once we have one others will follow. One day we'll hopefully have a place like this for drug users to go and access harm reduction facilities.
Code with music or without? @USER Only if it helps you to concentrate otherwise it's a distraction and will lead to unnecessary errors.
@USER  @USER  @USER Beautiful! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Ms O.
imagine being so fragile that the thumbs up emoji fucks you up

at least i have real problems. @USER  @USER I'm listening.
Ask Congressmen if they have visited Statue of Unity; have a big heart and visit Sardar Patel's memorial: PM Modi. @USER And stay empty stomach, jobless.
@USER  @USER  @USER Thabk you for this. Loose cattle were put back in the closure yesterday. If there are others still loose, can you please contact 303-817-1143. @USER  @USER Will do!
@USER Don't get sucked in, it's all made up by the Victorians ? @USER  @USER As cosplay goes, it’s pretty epic though, no?
@USER Look it’s not as bad as the year I caught  @USER making live edits at his booth and running in engine. @USER  @USER  @USER Look we've all been there
By which I mean I think I was there when that happened ?
I wish we used the metric system like almost every other country in the world. Finally, the response I've been waiting for.
How tf people keep travelling all the fucking time? Paisa ugate he shayd.
Nothing better than a Sunday morning fry-up. Only question is… red sauce or brown?? ?? @USER U shouldn't need to ask that question it's brown ???
I’m probably going to be downvoted for having my own opinion, but I disagree. I loved their recent program about their DNA and family history. They can be quite funny but more so their banter is fun to watch. They’re just two typical Northern blokes who’ve been best mates since they were kids and it’s nice to see. I liked them for a few years, but then Saturday Night Takeaway started getting repetitive. Ant nearly killing a child was the final nail in the coffin for me.
I wonder if video discs will make a come back. Maybe even Mini Discs will make a comeback, I still have my Sony player and tons of discs. But this Audiphool thing has got out of hand recently. Reel to reel tapes and anything old like nakamichi goes for thousands of dollars. If you have any of those 8 track  tapes man they are worth a fortune if original.
Like me? Because I’d love to sing for Queen, but I’m not gay and don’t want to have AIDS. No judgement, I just need clarification. You'd become their new lead singer.
Hello everyone. Today is my 73rd birthday. Haven't heard from family. Can I  please get some birthday likes? @USER Happy birthday.
Introduce yourself by something you were called at parents evening:

Hi, I'm a pleasure to teach. @USER Hi there, I’m Could Do So Much Better.
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER @PeterObi, your people are so desperate that they planted people to be forcing bus drivers to buy ticket by force and start recording them.

If you go so low sir, we will go 18 feets with you. 

 @USER  @USER  @USER @kofoshiomogeeko.
Because she invested her own money to have the place cleaned up and painted. Now the landlord can command more rent from a new tenant. This is exactly it. I don't know why anyone would pay money into another's investment.
@USER I feel it is hard to find consistency. And the bad thorns are hard to weed out early. @USER I can see that for sure.
@USER  @USER You have used which app? @USER  @USER There are many available on Google playstore...it is Timestamp camera.
At their peak who was/is the best? @USER Pat fuckin edderry
He could get a rocking horse up on the line in listed company.
I'm trying to read reddit with one eye  . Which eye?
What’s your favorite place to which you’ve traveled? @USER The Isle of Arran on the west coast of Scotland! Avril X.
How tf would they read this. Getting someone to read it for them and type a response. Happens sometimes on this sub.
Thankyou so much all ?? @USER Hppy Birthday Jiju.
@USER Three days now with cluster headache, no energy and see so much to be done but f.uck it, we have to look after ourselves xx. @USER Take care. A dose of a thing.
You should be able to appeal the decision considering your term didn't start until the 6th. There are a lot of foreign students at my university who weren't here until the end of September because out term didn't start until then. 
Maybe try posting on r/legaladviceUK they might have more insight. 
Hope it works out for you. I will try thank you.
Its a lot cheaper to deport them than to keep them in jail... They get deported after they do the time for their crime.
Which defeats the purpose of jail, because if theyve paid their debt to society then they should be welcomed back.
The idea of superpowers has been around for a long time. A google search show the Poper Puff Girls was created in the 90s. But comicbooks have been around for a while. Marvel had comics during WW2, and DC comics was made in 1934 my a US Major in the army. 
The idea of superpowers, supernatural powers, and powers given to humans by god, has existed for thousands of years. We can't really say who created these ideas first. But, we can say that it wasn't the creator of the Power Puff Girls, sorry. Thats your realistic and correct information but like you're still wrong.
If you're happy and you know it, gaand maraa. If you're sad and you know it, phir bhi gaand maraa.
My almost 90yr old dad is in A&amp; E in  @USER #UHL He arrived by ambulance at 10pm having had a cardiac issue at home... WHY THE HELL is it ok to have him then sit in a chair for 7hrs (and counting) waiting 2 b seen by a doc &amp; getting more and more anxious by the minute? ???? @USER  @USER Elaine this is the norm in there  @USER can you help with this???
Lindsey Hoyle spent £7,500 of taxpayers money on a mattress and sheets for his bed in the speakers residence. @USER  @USER Very Toriesque.
Thats not a cabinet, its a closet... There are more LNP MPs in the closet than in this cabinet.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. how is this is conspiracy theory? is it a conspiracy because google uses the feedback to improve google maps?
Giving up just for Sunday or forever starting Sunday? The sentence is confusing. It is but sounds like he will give it up starting Sunday. He's going to keep us posted .
(Unpopular opinion, though I do hope it's not taken too close to heart) We, both as Northerners and Southerns, need to stop romanticising people like this if we are to seriously develop as 2 countries who can look back on history and not have a miniature verbal civil war. Ignore the salty downvoters man.
@USER  @USER Oi. @USER  @USER  @USER Don’t get the boys onto poor old Webbo now…! Admit if he’s your favourite driver too! You’re his…?
In Canberra, fewer than normal. They must have been smoked out.
Some years, the flies are bad. Much fewer, too dry? Smoke was prob a factor too, I agree.
I have a secret fetish for fat girls <3. I honestly think that this is getting more popular, or at least it is becoming normalized. There's a reason thicc girls are a thing now.
Dear all ,

I have no objection to you guys putting your personal opinions, comments etc. 
But ,
My humble request to you Please do not tag or mention me in your personal posts. 

In case of exception, I will be forced to take strict action against you.

??? @USER ଏଇ ଲେଖା ପଢି ମୁଁ ତ ଜମାରୁ ଆମ ଭାଇଙ୍କୁ tag କରିବି ନାହିଁ  ମୋତେ ଯିଏ tag କରିଲେ କିଛି କଥା ନାଇଁ  ଯାହାର ବେଳା ଖରାପ ଥିବ ସେ ହିଁ ଆମ ଭାଇଙ୍କୁ tag କରିବ ?????
@USER I'm older than you Joel and no!!! Life is always changing and sometimes the best plan is no plan...see where life takes you. @USER Thanks Debs ?
@USER It can be some innovative pickup line ? @USER I thought it must be a බයියෙක්? They can't show me?
Released weekly. Damn... I’ll just wait.
What new band are you listening to? Ooh I like that one! Always on the look out for good music. So what new band are you listening to? :).
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. Wow!
Sorry RTÉ but with two SA teams I have to switch to the SA commentary. See you at half time.

#STOvBUL. @USER The SA commentary has just announced that the referee is Irish.  Great.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER People. ?
Greed and panic. I have no problem using rags or hopping straight in the shower if need be. Exactly bruh hop in that shower and wash that ass for 30 seconds and be super duper clean.
The Corona virus was man made to cause the economy to collapse. Thus giving the Democrats a chance at winning the 2020 election. Really?  You think that’s “too logical to ignore”?
This shit show will be over in 2024. Shah and Modi will be kicked back to wherever shit hole they came from and their balls will be clipped. And then Yogi Adityanath will come.
If a family member becomes infected and self isolated, isn’t it too late for the rest of the family at that stage? Because they would’ve been in close contact before the symptoms showed up. 
Say you’d kissed your partner the night before and then next day they have symptoms. Won’t you be guaranteed to get it too? A partner is far more likely to be infected - because of things like kissing. But siblings/parents etc are less because not kissing. But obviously they are definitely at risk because living in close quarters is known to spread things like this - look at norovirus. 
I would say the whole idea of not quarantining the families unless the exposed is showing symptoms is because if theyre not showing symptoms (coughing, sneezing etc) theyre probably not spreading it very far. You have to exchange bodily fluid to infect, so the idea is probably (hazarding a guess) that they aren't exchanging saliva etc. Will be interesting to see when an adult is diagnosed if they quarantine their partner.
It's jokes like this that makes this my favourite sub - stuff Americans won't get. Can confirm, am American, don't get it. That's okay
New England is best England.
@USER  @USER All fairly untapped quantities. If anything I feel Duzza has the heart and effort instilled so just reckon he’s gonna come on nicely next year. HJ was glowing in 2021 but had injuries this year which clearly ruined his self confidence. He could be anything.
Cox I’m not sold. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes, a fit and confident HJ could be anything.
Former supporter, last night: “Joe, you’re a Democrat. Just admit it.”

Me: “I’m not a Democrat.”

Him: “U support Democrats. So u support their policy agenda.”

Me: “I oppose most of their agenda. But this isn’t about policy. It’s about our democracy.”

Him: “You’re a Democrat.”. @USER Most agree to wanting the highest level of autonomy possible (small government). Most agree our taxes should be efficiently managed. 
Most agree the Executive branch has swelled too large. 
This is where we almost all agree.

It makes one neither liberal or conservative.
Please say a prayer for me for I feel very alone tonight. @USER He'll never leave you nor forsake you. Hold on to that truth.
So another fuckup by the FAI. Can't really blame the FAI, the referee is supposed to call off the game if it's deemed unplayable.
@USER The butch lesbian who you have replaced. You are also claiming that a drag queen was a trans woman, which is transphobic. @USER  @USER ?? a fart accusing a gay man of transphobia.
Wonders will never cease.
I think we all need to hold our nerve. Experts are saying just buy a little EXTRA each week, don’t try to have your own Woollies at home and do all your shopping for a year. We don’t want what’s happening in Germany - entire shelves bare - to happen to us. Remember we’re a remarkably self sufficient nation. Have a pantry and have enough; but let’s not make the tragedy of the commons happen for our neighbours. 
That being said, I keep a steady supply of pasta, canned tomatoes, beans, rice, canned citrus fruits and frozen food at all times. I grew up rural and lived in a survivalist community part time in my late teens, so having a well stocked pantry is never a bad thing. 
Remember: even in Wuhan right now, everyone has access to delivered groceries. Expensive and with some shortages, but no one is starving and even the Chinese government is sending in free food. 
Remember: often food shortages are created by overbuying! It’s a self fulfilling prophecy. Food makers aren’t expecting every citizen to suddenly need a six month supply and here’s the thing, you probably don’t. 
What you do need - hand sanitiser (harder to come by - was just in Canberra and Gundagai and all supermarkets are wiped clear), thermometer, ibuprofen, hospital grade disinfectant. If it runs out in stores because people are being Chicken Littles, vinegar kills 80% of germs. As someone else said, toilet paper is great and you’ll miss it when you don’t have it. Garbage bags too. 
Prepare for possible power outages, the same way we did for the bushfires. Get a power bank for $20 from Kmart (and a back up one if you really can’t stand your own company ?), a solar powered battery power bank and a hand crank radio. Batteries as well for LED lights and a radio. Pillar candles or tea lights as a back up and some matches. Yeah, if it kicks off the chemists will  struggle with symptom relief and temperature control drugs.
Hitter didn’t die the way history says. Pitcher did tho.
@USER  @USER Happy Birthday. @USER  @USER ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ୍ ??
I have COVID, I live alone and I am very sad. Please send pictures of your dogs. @USER So sorry, its horrible. Get yourself onto  @USER and binge feel good programme's like #DerryGirls #WorkinMoms Feel better soon.
@USER People are quick to assume. I'm always smiling, yet people say I'm stuck up.??‍♀️ 

But the key point is, it's someone who doesn't know you personally that said it. Let them keep assuming. Don't let it bother you. It used to bother me. Not anymore. @USER Thank you so much for your kind words?
Cheap supermarket bacon is overseas pork, processed here into bacon. Cheap shitty product, buy local. Our IGA uses local pork and holy shit can you taste the difference. For only a small increase in price you get a vastly better product than Don/Primo.
Probably BoTW and Minecraft. Yup.
@USER Damn this photography skills? @USER Thaaanks :D.
@USER You need to get yourself a hunting knife now that your camping in the wilds of Ireland in your camper.
It’ll come in handy for opening those packets ? @USER Ain't that the truth ?
Say usual place again. The ushe.
The government needs to urgently put out an ad campaign on how to cover your coughs and needs to make it clear that it’s antisocial behaviour. Every time I go out 99% of people cough into the open air. I’m just amazed at the ignorance of people. They probably don’t wash their hands either. Can confirm. I'm in Perth and I swear whenever I'm in a public bathroom half the people walk straight out without washing their hands.
Nobody cares about black history month including a large percentage of blacks . Obviously that's not true.., unless I'm not a person... existential crisis ensues.
Listen to the advice of older people. Not because they're right, but because they have the most experience being wrong. @USER Not all the old people are wise. Some are really dumb af.
@USER Least he’s got the minerals too face the fans while them rats are smoking cigars somewhere. @USER He didn't meet them out of decency, he met them as he was scared of a protest outside his house. Fans in America should be protesting outside the Glazers houses too. 
#GlazersOut.
A mate of mine found a baby duck in his closed off yard once, he took it in and it grew into a fuck of great big white duck, he keeps ducks now.
He reckons a seagull nicked it from a farm and dropped it. so the tale of the stork bringing babies is based in truth after all...
@USER Also, have your tryouts started?
We had a huge turnout for both 12 and 14 girls. @USER Massive turnouts at Nunawading. Record numbers.
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER Both, but if I have to choose, jail.
Delhi is capital of India &amp; BJP MP is giving public call to boycott Muslims economically, is he custodian of all Hindus?  I call upon dalits , OBC &amp; secularists to increase transactions with Muslims &amp; vice a versa. Enough is enough! @USER As you said, enough is enough. Borne the burden for 8 1/2 years. Time to throw these guys out. Establish true democratic principles.
Dundalk fans singing “your from tallaght, scruffy tallaght” is like a homeless man slagging you for being poor. @USER Cracking song. Very accurate too.
Excellent on SMTV:live as a kid. I loved watching them get frustrated with the thick as shit kids who couldn't get the phone in competitions right.
But as an adult they're not appealing at all. They're quite creepy. my fav was 'dec says' with his waffling and ant reacting in the background.
@USER WTF??????
She ok? @USER She's fine. It's fake. Haha
She did a SFX workshop today.
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER Of course you did Mitch. Its a criminal act.
All these people who start feeling dizzy, nauseous after 30 kms of car ride with or without AC should be considered as weaker section human civilization and be barred from travelling. Motion sickness hai... If she has been diagnosed by a doctor before ask her to take the damn meds before traveling not when she starts feeling nauseous
If not... I don't know if there are over the counter drugs for the same or not...
Not defending her or anything but probably not nakhre... Somedays it happens... Maybe an underlying medical condition , maybe a bad day for her body... Just saying.
Looks a lot have stopped. The cold and storms I suppose. Hopefully it picks up again. I don't think it's slowing down. I walked past earlier, they seem to be getting a huge amount of support and encouragement from students and everyone in general.
I have a company credit card for entertaining customers which I have, on occasion, used to purchase an extravagant selection of biscuits for the office. How extravagant?
@USER Enjoyed Deathloop a surprising amount so I’m doing my first ever playthrough of Dishonored now and really enjoying it so far. @USER Dishonored is pretty cool, great narrative and nice gameplay, enjoy!
Tried to get my mom to stop drinking when I was a teen, she got really upset.  She still drinks alot. I’m sorry to hear, I’m in the same boat.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#बहुजन_महानायक. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#कांशीरामजी_को_भारतरत्न_मिलना_चाहिए 
#बहुजन_महानायक.
"As an effort to further the inclusion, lanyards were given out to those who bought tickets, on which there was a special section for writing one’s pronouns. This was a remarkable touch that a lot of people very much appreciated."
No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. >No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. 
Considering it costs you absolutely nothing to write down your (presumably cis, given your response) pronouns, what's your issue? Takes ten seconds and you can forget it's there. I don't see why you'd ever care.
Given the inherent networking nature of these events, you may we well stick down pronouns along with your name. Literally no reason not to, and to be annoyed by that is stupid.
Writing down pronouns may seem stupid to you (again, presuming you're cis) but it can make things so much easier for any trans members of the community in attendance. 
It's not for you.
@USER Now I’m curious. What did this fox say? @USER Nothing. He or she just looked at us….imperiously.
i have no idea why I’m so horny. it’s ridiculous off the charts. #thisis45. @USER Awesome ?
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. Well you can't have a 'cure for cancer' because cancer is an umbrella term for many diseases. That's like saying about cure for lung disease. Also several forms of cancer can essentially be 'cured' due to improving therapies.
To All The Wonderful People Out There,

I am Looking for an opportunity in a Learning and Development entity.

I am a highly motivated and progress-focused Manager, Learning &amp; Development with a long-standing
background in this industry. With a track record of initiative and. dependability, I have devised strategic
initiatives which I believe will prove valuable.

Throughout the course of my career, I have perfected my training program improvement and curriculum
implementation abilities.
The issue isn't housing, it's why the fuck does everyone want to live in Dublin!! Because you just CANNOT get a decent skinny frappa wappa cuppa cappa chineey weeeny once you pass the M50..........
There’s a sort of mini documentary on YouTube about him. I feel bad for the guy, not sure he likes the fame. Before, these people would have their 15 minutes of fame, maybe appear in a few magazines and TV programmes, then promptly be forgotten about.   
Now these videos hang around forever and are constantly linked to and referenced, so that 15 minutes of fame is extended in perpetuity.   
Good if you're famous for something admirable. Not so good if you're basically being laughed at by everyone.
He may have a point.  Does it feature child abuse? Well, no, but also, yes
Eromanga Sensei (the series this guy was most disgusted by) is a weird show though. Its casually pedophillic, but its also mostly just cute as heck. Its about an extremely prolific light novel author who's a teenager (for some reason in this universe, basically every successful author ever is a teenager), who writes under a pseudonym and gets his books illustrated by an artist he only knows through the internet called Eromanga Sensei. ES is assumed to be an adult dude, because he's known for his very erotic art. Turns out ES is actually... his little [step] sister (who's like 12), who he hasn't seen in over a year despite living in the same house because after their parents died she refused to come out of her room. And, other than the main siscon thing, its about her slowly coming out and becoming almost socially functional. If you can ignore the sex jokes and the marriage proposal and that the girl molests a few other people for "artistic reference", you can almost treat it like a totally wholesome show about social anxiety
Its in the same universe as My Little Sister Can't Be This Cute (clearly the author of these has a type...), though in that show the sister is a lot, eh, bossier.
It's so important to post your content to other platforms for growth. You're not going to grow by just streaming constantly and not branching out. @USER THIS IS FACTS!
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER बहुत सुंदर सत्संग वचन।
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
Small correction, shes bi not gay.
The bi community really hates being written off as gay or ignored. Of course they do....
@USER  @USER Thank you so much! @USER  @USER Fabulous work Mike - well done :).
Piss. Alcohol
Pissed. Drunk
Pissed off. Angry.
Pissing. Urinating
Pissing down. Heavy rain
Taking the piss. Having a joke at someone's expense
Taking a piss. Urinating. Pisser. Amusing joke or incident.
Pissing around. Wasting time.
Pissweak or weak as piss. Very weak
Piss off. Go away.
Some of these aren't unique to Aus but what a versatile word!
Trump conspired with the Clintons and ran the worst imaginable campaign in order to make Hilary more palatable and get her elected. It backfired miserably because they underestimated the number of racist idiots in this country. I think it has more to do with the rust belt and how they were tired of outsourcing deals signed by Presidents. Ironically, the Donald is singing the USMCA.
In the name of Jesus, new order of exploits shall begin to happen in your life! @USER Amen.
Where will Leclerc finish? @USER Where is the DNF option? ??
Scientists have discovered a way to combat anxiety disorders: This breakthrough remedy also helps people cope with depression, fibromyalgia, chronic pain, nervous exhaustion, and other conditions. Don't put it off any longer because demand is increasing by the day. @USER What is it please let me know.
I live just above coles and have never seen so many empty shelves in last 4 years. I don't understand why stockpile ? If govt announces a lockdown then are grocery stores going to close too? If we enter Wuhan lockdown conditions, you won't be leaving your apartment for 2 weeks.
Let's hope it doesn't come to that.
That Stanley Kubrick faked the moon landing and also that he was "taken out" for making Eyes Wide Shut. You really think he was killed for revealing that humans have secret super powers?
OMG! How many ads, external and internal links can you add on one article!!!!!!
India times : Infinite, the number is infinite. If you’re not using an adblocker in 2020 then you’re exposing yourself to a crap load of unnecessary web tracking.
Some site has your number, the other has your email and they’re all following you around the web if your not using any kind of ad and tracker blocking.
So that happens is that these fuckers are teaming up and tracking what you do around the web. Then then send you ads, emails, try to manipulate you with their ads and worse, try to scam you.
Use ad and tracker blocking. That shit ain’t no joke anymore. Web is a nasty nasty place and advertisers are pooping all over it.
@USER Did they like the chocolate tools? @USER No. They licked them and then put them back ?
I would sit down, but not before I used the miniature Swiss Army knife I keep on my keys to cut the sign down. Let’s be honest, it’s not a council sign so it’s essentially a piece of litter. And I’m sure many in Abingdon would be glad to see it gone and have the bench available for sitting again. I mean just look at the queue of people deprived of silent bench time.
It's great for the environment and people who live out in the bush. But being realistic, it's only a short break from when the season resumes. This is the new normal. It's only how much of it is uncontrollable. Is there anything left to burn?
I'm bald bitch. Is that the new. Bitch I'm madonna?
@USER Virtue’s of lies. @USER Not lies.
A Day In The Life or Baba O’ Riley? @USER A Day in the Life.
Have you ever... ever felt like this? When strange things happen, are you going round the twist?
BREAKING NEWS!
Former NRL player Curtis Scott has been found GUILTY of three charges against his former partner, Tay-Leigha Clark.
Details to follow. @USER Back to bush footy.
@USER Father, you didn’t hurt my feelings, you insulted my intelligence. Pax. @USER I am sorry for insulting your intelligence. I wish you well.
Why do we only rest in peace?
 why don't we live in peace too ?
? @USER Good ?
@USER I went back to Uni at 50 and changed my career so 38 is very doable. @USER Well done ??
Ruscist reconstructionists in the occupied territories never tire of repeating the Nazi referendum on the Anschluss of Austria. They are expecting 1938 results. Instead they will get Hitler’s 1945 outcome. @USER  @USER ? Slava Ukraini.
Does anyone else get a cold nose when the temperature drops? I always feel like I need a nose sock kinda thing ? @USER My nose runs . Yes. I guess it does get cold !
Damn, I'm exhausted
What the hell's this all for?
Is this where it mends or it breaks?
Between a rock and a hard place
For the record, shit
Throwin' in the towel takes some effort
So I'd rather ride it out for better weather
Together ? @USER Good blessed morning luv.. hope you had a great evening.
#MedTwitter
I have the 20th edition Harrison (brand new) because I’ve hardly read 100 pages since I bought it. Don’t think it would be useful to me since I would be pursuing paediatrics. Don’t want to sell it either. What do I do with it? Keep it as a souvenir ??‍♀️. @USER Better to keep with self.
.
Have given to junior before books like - Robbins, f.netter etc.n regretted.
.
My recent such impulsive buy is
- new edition of 'first-aid'. Gonna keep it, hoping to learn something, someday! ?✌?
What’s for dinner? @USER After a busy day here it’s just a bowl of Golden Grahams chef.
Peter Obi submitted GCE Degree certificate and I have been cracking my head since yesterday to understand what exactly they mean by GCE Degree? Na question I ask oh. @USER GCE degree certificate ke? Nothing we no go hear from Naanu!!
Would that be the same Brian Houston who protected his paedophile father? yes.
@USER Good morning Lee again...I voted early already...all blue since Nixon...everybody please plan your blue vote now..the GQP MagaQ crowd are already promising horrible things if they take power... @USER Awesome.
I received my mail in ballot couple days ago.
Had to decline an offer to teach #jurisprudence at a law school, a subject I loved on account of ridiculously low pay. As a guest faculty, this did not even meet the threshold prescribed by the UGC. Universities need to start paying junior scholars more. #AcademicChatter. @USER I was being paid ₹500/- at mumbai.
Deluded people in Ireland think we should get out of the group ?? worst fans on the planet. @USER What would u recommend or do u think Kenny should or achieve then

I'm curious as I think results r bread n butter over styles

That's just me.
@USER  @USER Available from…? @USER Did u get message I left you thanks.
What a terrible article but its NewsCorp so what did I expect.
>• Since 1985 average full time wages have increased 4.3 times, from $20,644 to $88,140.
>• Capital city house costs have increased 8.2 times in that period, up from $72,827 to $596,986.
>• The proportion of household income spent on mortgages climbed from 28 per cent to 36 per cent.
>“In all honesty, it looks like it is going to get worse from here for new buyers,” Mr Cooke said.
>“While inflation and wage growth have been painfully low in recent years, the value of property just keeps going up.”
So they admit that it's worse and going to get worse.
>Younger generations faced new spending categories such as smartphones, internet and subscriptions, Mr McCrindle said.
Everyone goes out and buys a new phone every year that costs under $1k, an internet connection that's maybe $50 a month and subscriptions... like magazine subscriptions from the boomers days (I know it's not what they're talking about but they're not new things 'subscriptions'), and that's why they cant afford a house? 
>Boomer parents were sympathetic towards their children’s housing struggles, Mr McCrindle said.
>“A lot of Boomers say ‘I couldn’t afford to buy where I currently live’,” he said.
>“It’s their children priced out of the market and they’re happy to lend a hand.”
Ah, great so there's no problems at all. Screw all the people without well off parents, or without any parents at all. Scrap negative gearing, add capital gains tax and then cross your fingers and pray. Thats my hope. I certainly don't have better answers.
Other people on social media when they’re being trolls. They only do it because 99% of them wouldn’t have the nerve to say whatever they’re saying to your face. Saw someone on a friend's FB comments have the nerve to tell her to "check her sources" and link to a meme. The friend has a PhD in the field being discussed.
I'm always in surprised to find muslims in the BJP at the first place. Despite the kind of venom spread by the parties top leadership. There are many one in the ministry of minority affairs(Naqvi), another is national Spokesperson(Ansari), and there is another who was discriminated against at a rally in Delhi Rally on 22 December(Ilmi).
The powers that be really think we are thick as fuck. I'm not sure how you can read social media and think we're not.
I know it seems like a naff thing to report, but reporting this to the police and sending them the footage could help if she’s a repeat offender at loads of properties and ever gets nicked. Although I don't think it's acceptable to take someone else's milk which they're paid for, I don't know if this would technically be considered a crime. It's left outside their property and not secured in any way. I say this because I know someone who just had their bike "nicked", but they left it unlocked outside a premises and expected it would still be there. I work with drug addicts and they will literally take anything they can get their hands on. It's sad but seeing someone take milk that's left outside doesn't surprise me in the slightest.
When you’re young, work to learn don’t work to earn.
You should prioritise study over work. Go full time uni and part time work. >work to learn don’t work to earn
What kind of boomer shit is this? Young people still have rent to pay.
Coffin. Haha.
I need a boyfriend .???? @USER ready.
The organizer Larry Cummings is off the boat Irish. He’s one of your own. We disown this fella.
@USER Floella Benjamin. @USER Definitely.
Meh buy a bottle of Vodka or Gin and mix it with some Palmolive dish soap, "Madge our soaking in it". Metho is good enough, amazing how dumb people are at reading labels!
I load a couple of spray bottles and spray and wipe everything. I even have a bottle at work and i squirt every door handle and even the dunny seat and door handles.
Then theres Whiteking  that is used in every  air locked medical research institute and is known to kill anything. It was proven the most effective in AIDS wards over other super killer cleaning products. Good old bleach.
Those worries are superseded by worries of your own death. The older you get the less your own death should scare you. You worry about other people more than yourself eventually. I'd rather outlive everyone in my life if it will cause them less pain.
Sore throat and fever full family ? @USER Please consult doctor ?
If our parade is not cancelled, I would like to see her invited over. Patrick's Day is obviously an Irish cultural event, and I think it would send a strong message that we as a country do not condone the discrimination of anyone based on their sexual orientation at an event that is about our culture. As a United Statesian, I agree with you.
Well enjoyed this ! You have to make this a regular weekly thing with your bouncer mates stories also! Back in the early 90’s shit was way different. I remember seeing some bad ‘scruff of neck’ dragging into the ‘back room’ at our club we used to go to, I always assumed rival dealers as the ones allowed to work the club were there every week. Anyway times have changed.. Nothing like that now. 
There is a little passage In law to do with use of force and more specific preemptive strikes etc that is something along the lines of, “ special consideration should be taken around the prosecution of security staff at licensed premises due to the nature of their role and frequent contact with conflict” 
Sure many door staff will agree that consideration is pretty slim sometimes and a genuine concern that I’ve seen people post/ mention is that you can be in a full physical fight with someone that wants to do you harm and you have no idea how much support you will get from a legal perspective. 
You know that if someone complains it’s entirely someone is gonna sit there for hours picking the cctv apart frame by frame with some paper noting every moment of physical contact you make and try to decide from their office chair if they felt it reasonable.
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. The wage calculation test is correct if your a “wage” theft employer. Maybe it’s how they condition new workers....
@USER Good Morning Lee. We absolutely do. Hope you have a happy day. ?? @USER Thank you Ron.?
URL 
&#x200B;
some sample survey. So the same Indian American's who support Modi, support the Democrats?
Direct intervention by the parents. Parents are allowing their little dears to be social terrorists. 
One spit on me once near Ballymun a very long time ago. He was about 10. I ran after him; caught him and frog matched him to his parents which was only around the corner. 
I gave him two choices: parents or Gardaí. 
She clattered him in front of me. "TELL THIS YOUNG MAN THAT YOUR SORRY?" Wack! "WAIT UNTIL I TELL YOUR DA'. YOU'RE IN FOR SOME HIDIN'" Wack! 
She was very apologetic. When she closed the door, she bellowed again: "spitting on people! Have I taught you no fuckin' manners. ". Good response but realistically this just isn’t an option 99% of the time. 
You may be on your way to work or whatever so may not have time to go chasing little rodents. There may well by upwards of 20 of them in the group, chasing after one could be asking for even more trouble. Their parents may take exception to you thinking to discipline their child and have a go at you over it etc etc 
All in all what’s required is for people to raise their children not to be scum.
@USER Thank you, Nick! @USER It's a beauty PJ - you should be so proud :) ♡.
> health authorities have reminded people that you cannot eat toilet paper
That sounds like a challenge! Said every dog ever. My cat would like to weigh in on this too....she’s ringed barked the loo tree.
Who all is going to the Game on the 19th against Ole Piss? @USER Me and muss birthday ?‍?
Please say a prayer for me for I feel very alone tonight. @USER Jesus is with you.
@USER There’s only one Queen of Ireland.

Our Lady of Knock. @USER  @USER No , Jean Byrne ( former weather presenter).
@USER Black Tower Leibraumilch. Too sweet for me now. @USER Or was it Blue Nun? ?
@USER ?
Most peaceful people on the planet. @USER As long as no one messes with us, leave us in peace.
Smoked a joint about an hour ago. I did too...but I consumed legally...
I assume you don’t live in a legal state.
India is a rogue nation of RSS Hindutva. ISIS if it was Hindu basically.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Home insurance. Named item. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Does that cover you when you're out and bike gets lifted?
casually joins you
Every time I log out of my bank they're there. And ad with them in is on repeat in my local branch. How I'm a Zelebrity is still going after all these years is beyond me. And please, God, why do people pretend they can't tell them apart? I think I'd have to switch banks.
Can Lecroix pick up a second yellow before FT? @USER Leave him on liability ?
Who is ROOTING for Beto O'Rourke to be the NEXT Governor of Texas? ✋? @USER ?
Javed Akthar is asking why only Shahrukh was singled out and arrested! Its a good point. 
If we are going to arrest every man who raises a threat, there will be scores of people to arrest - starting from Anurag Thakur and Kapil Mishra to local goons. 
If cops were willing to arrest anyone who says anything provocative, no riot would have happened. 
But their balls have shrunken to atomic size.
Holy shit it’s been so long since I’ve watched this. I used to love it when I was like 10. I love it too! It reminds me of granny babysitting on Saturday nights!
I've done a similar thing.
I live in China and McDonald's deliver 24/7, but at the time, after 10pm they only do a limited menu, and you have to buy whole meals.
Well a few of us drunkenly went back to a friend's at about 2am, all hungry, one guy wanted two Big Macs but nothing else, someone else wanted a double cheese burger and nuggets and I wanted nuggets and chicken wings, plus god knows what else 
I explained its meals only and everyone was alright with that, and then the guy turned up and we must be have about 8 large cokes and fries and then all these burgers and nuggets and chicken wings.
Next day I guess the guy woke up forgetting what we'd done as we all got texts asking when the fuck did he open a McDonald's franchise
Good times. Chinese McDonald's >> any McDonald's elsewhere. Especially their fried chicken steak and the grilled chicken burger (坂烧鸡腿堡) is amazing and only sold within China.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. lol many appreciative guests slept in their cars that night.
@USER Tbf nobody is gonna trust an eagles fans judgement. Half of them eat horse poop on occasion. @USER 41-33.
so they can monitor all messages ? lmao
a SARKARI whats app what a joke. Did you even read the article?
> GIMS, which is currently under testing, will be used by govt departments for secure official communication.
@USER ??? @USER I am everything I am because of  him. ?
@USER yes you are. ??? @USER You are going to lose your crush?
On leave until Thursday -  @USER and I are going to cabin retreat in Daylesford for a few days for some R&amp;R ?️. @USER  @USER Will need to see the happy snaps.
so they can monitor all messages ? lmao
a SARKARI whats app what a joke. Did you even read the article?
> GIMS, which is currently under testing, will be used by govt departments for secure official communication.
ee kaha se tapak pade beech me. Lagta hai BJP ka ticket chahiey.
Ok genuine question here: if your lane is empty and you just carry on  maintaining your speed and go past them, is that still classed as undertaking? No it's not. 
You are keeping up with the flow of traffic in your lane. If some moron is hogging the second or 3rd lane and travelling slowly you cannot be expected to weave between lanes to get in front of them. They're the ones breaking the law. 
I wonder what would OP do if the lane hogger was in the rightmost lane?
Wow so much praise for Nehru.
For the past 70 yrs nehru has been blamed for pretty much everything , everywhere including randians.
So what happened randians?
Downboat me , but atleast give a good reason. ffs. Dont downboat and run away like a coward.
Edit: So downvoted for supporting Nehru. Just as i expected from the 40 randians.
Edit: LOL, about 40 confused randians. Haha. Buddy you took sarcasm way too seriously whenever redditors said "It's Nehru's fault." It is the very opposite of it whenever people said that, because whatever shit current government did they never take blame on themselves but on the past or others. Every shit move this govt made, they had no other choice but to falsely blame on others to justify their own act. Hence that joke.
@USER Modric and Viduka. @USER Makes sense. Pretty sure Viduka was born in Croatia.
"Being British and loving your country means that you HAVE to hate all other nations". No, but obnoxiously shouting about it every chance you get is a pretty good indicator.
Firstly 28 isn't old, so don't tell yourself that! 
Dating websites in India are a mess, however if you had to pick Bumble might be the best of the lot. Bumble doesn't allow men to initiate a conversation once they match, only women can. Aisle isn't bad, but it's got an awful interface and most things need you to pay.
If you are looking for a serious relationship, matrimonial websites are the best because you know that people there are looking for something similar. I would strongly suggest creating the profile by yourself and being in control of it. Most websites allow a filter for who is handling the account, seeing profiles handled by parents/friends can be an no no for people.
Hope this helps! Thanks for the information! Hope I can navigate all this well!
Still dodging Covid. Touch wood. I feel so bloody lucky. @USER I got it. I attended a thing with a lot of people and felt invincible but of course I wasn't.

It hasn't been as bad as I expected, still nasty though.

Keep avoiding it!!
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The years of self-destruction?
Laugh scornfully and call them WhatsApp Baba.
If they persist, ask them "so what"?
Hindu or muslim, India is India. That's what I don't want to do. He is a reasonable person. I just want him to think rationally about this. But looks like he has made up his opinion by reading/hearing the same stuff being spread across India again and again. And I want to change his opinion about this by making a rational discussion.
Food exports out of Ireland was so important that they stationed more British born troops in Ireland than they had in India. Plus they got the then pope to issue the threat of excommunication from the alters of Ireland on anyone interfering with the export of food. 
The RCC only responded to the starvation crisis when they saw Baptist evangelism elbowing in. Otherwise millions starving was not a concern to them. And they also imported food in one of the first major attempts to stop a famine. 
Peasants starving was not something 19th century regimes normally cared about, be it any of the famines in Ireland or Britain, or anywhere across Europe. 
Some of your points don't really make sense either. The British used sepoys in India, they never had huge numbers of British troops stationed there because it was really far away. 
Also, who do you think was exporting all this food? Do you not realise it was mostly Irish people?
It looks delicious. Sad I've never have one. Never had a yorkshire pudding of any size?!
Vigilance Bureau arrested Davinder Kumar, Assistant Registrar, Co-operative &amp; Marketing Societies, block Dasuya, District Hoshiarpur red-handed for accepting a bribe of ₹20,000. Accused has been supervising 70 Cooperative Societies in block Dasuya including above said at Tanda. @USER ਸਰਕਾਰ ਬਹੁਤ ਵਧੀਆ ਕੰਮ ਕਰ ਰਹੀ ਹੈ| ਹਾਲੇ ਹੋਰ ਵਕਤ ਦੀ ਉਡੀਕ ਕਰਨੀ ਬਣਦੀ ਹੈ|ਸਰਕਾਰ ਆਗਾਮੀ ਸਮੇਂ ਵਿੱਚ ਹੋਰ ਵਿਕਾਸ ਦੀਆ ਨੀਤੀਆ ਲਿਆਏਗੀ|.
Almost got into a serious crash about an hour ago because of some absolute dope couldn’t look both ways before pulling out into the middle of a main road. 

Please please pay attention when you’re driving. 

Seconds away from not coming home today man. I’m fucking shook. @USER Mate seriously the amount of terrible drivers I’m seeing in this country lately is fucking shocking ! Think they need to start retesting people.
Is there an unemployed area? The north.
Can those Federer fans in the disguise of journalists retire together with Federer?

The worst thing that Federer has brought to tennis is almost everyone in this industry put their Federer fandom over moral &amp; work ethics, fawning over him while smearing others (mainly Djokovic). @USER Rafa &amp; Roger earned their fan love &amp; journalists’ respect. Most commentators admire Novax play &amp; support him.Few can ignore his rageful vibe &amp; uniquely unpleasant court behavior. No #1 in history ever got defaulted from a slam for hurting a linesperson or racket smash @ Olympics!
Had to decline an offer to teach #jurisprudence at a law school, a subject I loved on account of ridiculously low pay. As a guest faculty, this did not even meet the threshold prescribed by the UGC. Universities need to start paying junior scholars more. #AcademicChatter. @USER I was being paid ₹500/- at mumbai.
Alicia Vikander is on tv in Tomb Raider. My wife is leering even more than I am. She’s an absolute stunner. Married a Kerryman unfortunately. @USER Married Colm 'the gooch' Cooper I think.
Our old neighbour used to have a Nissan skyline he used to rev the shit out of between 5am and 6.30am every damn day. I thought it would stop when he swapped it for a land rover discovery 3 but nope. He would rev the shit out of that too and then leave it to "warm up". Where he parked used to be more or less directly under my bedroom window. He was such a wanker. So glad we moved. I don't understand why people can be so selfish.
Uneducated fucks.
This country's education system is a joke.
My toilet papers are at least useful to wipe ass. Those degrees are useless. Tell that to employers.    
And after u get a good job with ur toilet papers, make a post on reddit.
This is the alternative,  URL. Cant see Mary from whishtmeath running around like that lol.
Do join  @USER and me on  @USER at 9 am. On all matters EU and of course Northern Ireland. 

And to all remainers who feared so chlorinated chicken but now want a deal with the US: Northern Ireland’s place in the UK trumps your new found sensibilities. @USER  @USER  @USER Remainers want a deal with the US? News to me....
#BrexitBrokeBritain.
$250 give away to who leaves the most comments &amp;  $250  to whoever leaves the last comment ‼️
Ends in 3 days &amp; post must reach 5,000 comments to trigger this giveaway.....
Comment “ #apejet “  and teg your 2 friends. @USER Jay APEJET.
@USER Congratulations Alex, plenty of game time is the key mate!  All the best… unleash ? @USER Thanks very much Rob. Hope you’re keeping well ??
@USER Black Tower Leibraumilch. Too sweet for me now. @USER Or was it Blue Nun? ?
@USER Girl I’ve been trying so hard to find something. @USER I’m trying to work under this attorney I met at a conference. I’ll be home tomorrow so I’m going to pop up at his office next week ???. I’m heavily thinking about taking that bar exam again.
@USER  @USER Now that BJP wants to split India by imposing Hindi let the taxes collected by South India need not be utilised for the north Indian development. We are working hard and all benefits goes to north like road, rail etc.etc. Better stop imposing Hindi. @USER  @USER  @USER Seems like u r barking everywhere ??
Katharals start.
Best dance/rave club you went to?? @USER The Arches.
I am pro First Past The Post, because I am pro the Labour Party.

Let's not give the extremes the keys to number ten. @USER And how's that working out?
If Kamala thinks a bus full of migrants outside her home is a crisis, she needs to see what Texans are living with EVERY DAY. Sorry the immigration crisis finally makes you feel uncomfortable, Kamala. IMAGINE HOW WE FEEL IN TEXAS!! @USER Have another drink.
He's not getting outta Tinder though. Keep looking, chicks wink wink. Grinder is more of his thing.
My company have basically said we can work from home if we feel safer doing so... but only with our direct manager's approval.
But no one has the stones to make the first move on my team. Plenty of other teams have people at home now. But my team get the vibe our manager would be a bit shit if we started.
Honestly I would definitely feel safer. I can work 100% remote, and my office is  giant open plan with nearly 1000 people who are constantly travelling for work, so if this actually kicks off it'll be a fair nightmare for spreading. Just bite the bullet and ask better safe than sorry worst they can say is no.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Richard Edward.
I'm bald bitch. Is that the new. Bitch I'm madonna?
By 2030, nearly 600 million people could still live on less than $2.15 daily.

@WorldBank’s latest Poverty and Shared Prosperity Report looks at the global poverty landscape after COVID &amp; other crises &amp; recommends policies to help countries correct course. @USER Nice ?
@USER One time I was cooking dinner for friends in the US and the way I had to *hunt* for it in the supermarket. @USER  @USER There’s an episode of Seinfeld that hangs around the characters not knowing what mutton is.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER ??
Avatar: The Last Airbender. Though sometimes it's intentional. Havent seen that show in years, gotta give it a rewatch.
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER Hoooo.
Launched from Lough Ree, Westmeath about twenty five minutes ago. @USER Hope you have a successful mission and all return safely.
I get a yearly raise which is supposed to be in line with inflation but every year they tell us how many millions in profit they make and how it's not enough to give us all inflation rates so every year I effectively work for 1-2% less than I did the year before. I see you obviously work at the same place I do :-(.
Area 51. I work @ the krusty crab.
Thank you guys for making me feel so welcome. And being so helpful! This is a nice space. Have a virtual hug.
It's always darkest before the dawn
I am sure someone who needs to after reading your post would also find not everything is lost & it's never too late to turn your life around.
:)
Regards
Buntoley.
Literally signal us or ask for it? We are wait staff, not mind readers. Between taking orders, seating new tables, running out food, sorting drinks, sorting wrong orders out, helping out with the usually understaffed kitchen, cleaning out done tables, getting clean cutlery back on the floor, doing dishwash, answering questions, dealing with rude customers all day and having to daily deal with people looking like you just punched their baby when you try to turn a table and they want to sit and chat for an hour after you have cleared their table, please, just fucking ask for your bill when we are near and clearly not carrying shit loads of plates. We are very happy to get you out of the restaurant and on your way home if you literally just ask us. 
Never click your fingers though. You click your fingers at me, you sir or madam, are the biggest shovel mouthed streak of piss I can meet in a day. I swear a lot of waiting staff deliberately try and avoid eye contact precisely to stop you signalling them. It’s taken me 15 minutes at times despite constant effort.
F*CK YES! Ron DeSantis is under federal Investigation by the US Department of Treasury over his use of COVID Relief Funds to fly migrants to Martha’s Vinyard. @USER If you seriously think that's going to result in anything other than more of our tax dollars wasted you're dreaming.
What's the boy word for slut? Boyslut.
Holiday and work?? @USER Feels good.
Having a big butt. Nah it’s always been attractive, people just say it proudly now.
You guys do realize that IT founders and scientists tend to be religious right? What.. ?, No
Being an IT guys or a scientists have nothing to do with being religious.
On the contrary, many scientists become atheistic overtime.
Philadelphia is where it's at, we're gay af. Baltimore too. Come on over and be gay with us.
That's pretty boss. Alright Ali G calm down.
I'd be walking around South Park being called 'Sir Douchebag'.
So, about the same, with more snow. Stick of truth or fractured?
India is getting isolated internationally for no apparent benefits!
&#x200B;
Iran was selling oil at discounted price to India, if oil supply from middle east gets disrupted, will bhakts run vehicles using cow urine?
&#x200B;
#tadipar #jumlabaaz #chaddichandan. Dalits will be drafted. cycle rickshaws will come back in vogue.
As you can see with Patrick Collins and Eibhear Quilligan, the smallest errors carry huge weight when you’re the man between the sticks. @USER Puck outs still need work. Not sure it's on him.  Could be better at winning the second ball from longer puck outs.
As an avid Brit, and a manager of a restaurant, this part is never as straight forward as it should be. Some people want to sit for ever and actually have to be told that other people need to be sat on that table, others are desperate to leave as soon as they have put their cutlery down, and no one knows how to say what they’re after. That said if your table’s been cleared, and you’ve not ordered/been offered anything else, then someone should’ve dealt with payment. > others are desperate to leave as soon as they have put their cutlery down
I'm one of those most of the time, other than with one specific set of friends who like to do the post-prandial chat thing (they're both from mainland Europe tho, so maybe that's why). I try to be polite about it however it turns out though - if I'm waiting for the bill (or the card machine to pay the bill) I try to be as obvious as possible - to the point of putting on my jacket and playing with my debit card.
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER Chick-fil-A, Jimmie John's, Hobby Lobby, and Home Depot.
iirc, women were also the biggest victims in Gujarat Riots... This is India, we dont give a damn about women. They are property. Our ministers say "we will abduct their 100 woman if they take our 1 woman" like they're tender meat. That's what they are to us.
I going to take a guess and stay this was on strandhill beach, amazing surf beach but fuck me the pull in that water. Could have been around mullaghmore either, think that's a favourite for them when it's stormy.
@USER Is it the perspective or are those stickers enormous?! @USER Just the perspective, I wish we had giant stickers ?
Depressed girl ????? @USER Why are you depressed ?
@USER No FATHER, NO! You can support the TRue Magisterium of the Church. That's all. This is not a cafeteria where we choose what we like. Do you or do you not condemn sodomy? @USER As an ordained priest, I took an oath to support the Holy Father and to teach what the Magisterium teaches us. Only that I reject sodomy, I reject all sins, not just one sin. God bless and best wishes to you.
The cow lovers sprinkle cow piss. How do communists 'purify' a place? By killing the bourgeoisie either financially or even literally.
They could be everywhere, but the vast majority aren't pest species that interact with humans; most that do live here (if any) are probably all hiding out in the woods and gorse and all and staying the fuck away from people. 
I think for pest species it's the German cockroaches that you'd find here the most, but they aren't native; usually they get brought over in shipments or in people's luggage and then go on to infest the surrounding buildings. Even the pest ones are very skittish and good at hiding, so your building could easily be full of 'em without you noticing for a long time, and if you see one, he almost certainly has a few thousand close relatives nearby out of sight. 
If you really want to see cockroaches for some strange reason, just head to the southeast US and you'll see some shit all right. I once spotted one in the kitchen in the house I grew up in down in Florida because I was in the sitting room watching TV and I heard it walking around. I dropped a cereal bowl on top of it and went to go grab something to capture it with, and when I got back the entire fucking bowl was trundling across the kitchen floor; that thing gave no fucks. 
Oh, and did I mention some of the bigger ones (yes, there were bigger ones) fly? Back in Georgia I had a nest of 'em take up residence on my roof once, and every now and again one would get lost up there and fall down the chimney or the bathroom vent. Nothing like sitting on the toilet doing your business and hearing this *thud* *thud* *thud* *thud* *thud* sound descending the vent pipe, and then *schlorp*, out pops an enormous and mildly concussed cockroach which then proceeds to freak the fuck out and go whizzing around the room randomly bouncing off of everything, including your face. 
So yeah, tl;dr: don't look the gift of your lack of cockroaches in the mandibles. That is hilarious and horrifying.  Thank you for the travel warning.
Is the unit in the jeans and t-shirt some random dude who walked in off the street, or did he actually attend a wedding in that? He's dancing like a cephalopod...
"Tell me, Hunter, do you really think the girl would really want someone like you? There is no path for you there. Come back to me ". @USER Hunter, don't!
TMC is no better than BJP.
They're just another extreme of the political spectrum. No, no, the TMC is in no way comparable to the BJP. Yes, a lot of goons associate with the party to get into positions of power. And TMC allows that happily. But the BJP are genocidal maniacs! There's a huge difference there.
Séamus Power eagles 7 and he's one-under for the day and T20 on Ev. This has been some start to his major career. @USER .  @USER v  @USER in the Barton Shield, 20 years ago. The day a Star was born……?⛳️.
One that have boobs. I saw comments like these coming.
@USER Wow. Nainital - Bhowali road? @USER Na, Mukteshwar road.
Fuck the whiny bastards in this thread that have never waited tables and had a manager asking you to do this shit, we know how annoying it is, leave a tip every now and then when the service is good, oh and take your rubbish with you. 
- a waiter. • I was a waitress
• my manager never told me to keep customers waiting for their bill
• I hate it when the waiter doesn’t come back after they’ve cleared the table to ask if we want anything else/the bill.
@USER Tbf nobody is gonna trust an eagles fans judgement. Half of them eat horse poop on occasion. @USER 41-33.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good morning ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Sir Ji,

Very Very Good Afternoon ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
I'm a huge punk and metal fan-(as my username shows) but I have seen some real dumb shit from the community.
A guy in a Bad Brains shirt racially abuse a taxi driver. A girl in a Dropkick Murphys tank-top give a fascist salute.
These people don't represent the community. They're just parasites. Not precisely what you're describing but I know a bizarre amount of people who are punk/metal/rock fans and adopt a punk aesthetic but have also memed their way into being conservative or outright fascists, and it would make me laugh if it wasn't so sad.
? back at it again with another #FeatureFriday ?

today we want to know: what feature would you love to see from Twitter Blue?

reply below if there’s something else you want to see ? @USER The badge would be interesting. I’m sticking with #TwitterBlue regardless. ?
who did this? The answer is in the pic on Modi's Pyjamas. That was nicely hidden.
Not me spending €60 in Boots when all I needed was toothpaste. @USER That’s a whole lotta lube lol.
The gold rush, the Melbourne real estate crash, Japan invading Russia, discovery of the XRay and who could forget the coronation of Tsar Nicholas II? Dream of the 1890s....
With the amount of money that has been donated, it's impossible that a cure for cancer hasn't been found yet. Personally, I think the cure must be hidden somewhere and only the wealthiest people can access to it. Its not like money could be mismanaged, or that cancer is simply incurable and the money is put to treatment research.
@USER  @USER Flop avesh khan still in playing 11 !! Should be dropped. @USER  @USER  @USER Agar Harshal fluke bowler wc me select ho sakta he to avesh series me kyu nahi khel sakta.
Bit ridiculous that a by-election isn't called. We've never had by elections for the European Parliament.
Ah the old 'I've dropped my sweets' dilemma, do you scrabble around and pick them up putting them in the bag because you'll bin them later (liar); do you kick them under the nearest seat or hide them under your feet/bag until you can make a hasty exit; do you break down in tears at the latest shit hand life has dealt you?
Or do you just sit on the floor and eat them whilst making eye contact with all around you daring them to challenge your need for sugary goodness? I spilled a tiny bit of coke on the empty seat next to me and I had nothing to dry it up with, and because the seat was kind of waterproof it wouldn't soak, so I just had to desperately hope no one sat there until I could get off.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Family, friends, football, travelling, my dogs.

You know, real tangible things.
@USER Happy birthday. @USER Thanks love! ?
Instead of saying people who do bad things are not real hindus, real muslims, etc. acknowledge that there are bad people in every religion. True. People who spread hate and violence are dickheads irrespective of their religions.
Fuck me! The Russian Gollum has announced partial mobilisation! @USER You should have heard the Russian bloke screaming on Radio 4 ? and I thought out politicians were batshit!
What SONG did YOU listen to TODAY? @USER If I could Turn Back Time by @cher.
@USER Happy birthday Fatboy !! @USER Thanks Reda ‼️‼️?
another "sealion" troll.
Sealioning (also spelled sea-lioning and sea lioning) is a type of trolling or harassment which consists of pursuing people with persistent requests for evidence or repeated questions, while maintaining a pretense of civility and sincerity.
Sealioning - Wikipedia.  URL. I'm sorry, I don't see anything persistent about OP's requests.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER You need to delete this and take another take or two mate...All this just proves you are just as worried as the union, because you are trying too hard to defend!
Good morning world, enjoy your Saturday ? @USER On my way to Australia so I can watch the eagles game lol..
Dinner at Pluckett’s Tonight!  @USER 

Meet us in hotel lobby in 30 minutes to walk over at 6:45p (Distance 0.6 miles, 12 minute walk). @USER  @USER I hatched a Pokémon egg on that walk.
@USER  @USER 10. @USER  @USER  @USER OMG,u Robot.
Jose is genuinely the best counter in this team, and by quite a distance as well. @USER Shocking tactics by them Dan.
Ayup me ducks.  It's approaching 6:30pm here in Minnesota.  Just had two cheese n beetroot cobs and ordered lots of biccies from Amazon. McVities dark choc digestive, plain HobNobs, Penguins and fruit shortcakes.   Had a multi pack of Hula Hoops and pickled onion Space Raiders last month.
Have you all had enough rain yet? Could just do a cheese and beetroot cob.
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. Excuse my French but that’s fucked you went straight into the work for the dole phase. When I was last on Centrelink I was told it was 6 on 6 odd, but you start in the 6 off phase. 
Seeing this makes me wanna hang onto this job tighter. No way I could deal with their bullshit again.
I really liked the gentlemen with Matthew mchowevwr you spell it. Saw it, that was good.
Lol. They said they will demand resignation of HM. 
Aiming for the stars I guess. "Aim for the stars and you will reach the tree top.".
Guys with moobs - please at least consider a light vest in this weather rather than getting your big knockers out, thank you. @USER Jesus what a horrible person you are.
Shocking. I cannot absorb this. This pun made me recoil in disgust.
Sorry to dampen your spirit.
@USER The best you can do is beautiful lol

Lovely.
I hope you are feeling okay x. @USER Thanks Kym, doing ok. ?
Push them down and fart in their mouth to assert dominance. Peter?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Well done on your tour. Thank you for your brilliant gig with us! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It was our absolute pleasure! We Hope to come back again :).
Ruscist reconstructionists in the occupied territories never tire of repeating the Nazi referendum on the Anschluss of Austria. They are expecting 1938 results. Instead they will get Hitler’s 1945 outcome. @USER  @USER ? Slava Ukraini.
Stupid thing is that the major brands of toilet paper are made in Australia.
Check if they have hand sanitiser. I was trying to google this earlier, wondering if the issue was import controls from Chinese paper; thanks for confirming!
@USER Good Morning ❤️. @USER Have a blessed day ma!❤️.
Why is the HSE so incompetent? My girlfriends mam works in a school and they have a student coming back from a trip to Italy.
They got advice from the HSE who told them if she feels fine just let her attend classes. Are they actually that incompetent? What are they supposed to do?
Realistically they can't close everywhere.
People still need to go to work to get paid.
We still need medication and foods.
US and UK pints are different by about 20% because they are derived from a gallon, which is also different between the two countries.
We have a 4 year old milk addict in the house and we have cereal too so we probably get through 12 UK pints a week, plus the Mrs has soya milk, so maybe 4 UK pints of that too. Thank you for this. May I ask, is a UK pint 20% more or less than a US pint? I’ve never known about this and I want to know more.
Quick reminder: legitimate government websites will end in .gov.au, but you're better off not clicking links in email/SMS regardless.  E.g. the real link is  URL . Like  URL  and  URL 
Consumer facing sites aren't always .gov.au. There are a lot of grey areas these days.
Thankful for a few days w the family, now let’s get back to racing! Headed to  @USER this AM. CHS - ATL - LVS ✈️. @USER  @USER Safe travels! I'll see you again soon at Homestead! ?
Did the Muslim community accept the blood money of 5 acres given to them ? They did and they made a hospital, library and a cultural center in it too.
Make love not war.
 URL.
Because there is a high amount of forgeries of scottish notes south of Scotland. They are are rarer so retail workers are much less likely to spot them as fakes. Don't they train retail workers in how to spot forged notes though? The guy at the corner shop can do that.
Honestly there's this bizarre attitude with pharmacy staff that anyone who knows annything about these drugs must be a drug dealer or something.
They have the same attitude with codeine/rikodeine.
I'd wager they did have it but just wouldn't sell it to you. TBF Codeine shouldn't be commercially available.
@USER Good morning!! Have a wonderful day ?? @USER Thank you Nati! You too!??
@USER The market defines how students/consumers perceive. If companies/HR  systems demand a degree, ths will continue. When they demand skills, intellect, attitude, persona, purpose - consumers will adapt. Onus our side of the fence. Campuses continue creating wealth for shareholders. @USER It's a wicked problem . Corporates are very unhappy with today's graduates , and find most of them unemployable , which is why they spend so much on training them after hiring them.
@USER Most of people judge the book by its cover. @USER Hell yeah.
It's Reduce, Reuse, Recycle.  
They're ordered that way intentionally, with the most preferred option being reduce, and recycle being the least preferable out of these three options.
With that in mind, I am definitely doing my part, instead of recycling my Brita filter, I have opted for reusing the same one side many many moons ago. Oh I agree, we've reduced and we reuse the things we can. And I recognise that a Brita filter is mostly unnecessary, but given that we use one for now I was pleased to see they can be recycled (and ashamed to say we have binned them in the past due to our ignorance). We also use them for longer than it says on the pack.
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER  @USER will never get my business due to their CEOs stance on LGBTQ+ rights.
Good Lord! Very Good Lord!
Adolfs brother worked in the shelbourne. Blindboy Podcast about it, fucking hilarious. Blindboys hot take that Hitler copied the laundry company's logo would be hilarious if some people didn't take it seriously. 
We had numerous posts about it on /r/ireland after the podcast, as if it were established fact.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Started as a block of Duke of Edinburgh  stuff. Volunteering I think.

Now there's a whole range of reasons. I think most of all I find it intellectually stimulating and challenging, interspersed with some great moments, memories and bonds.
These reforms are fucking great. I'm so happy. 
• Landlords must now ensure their properties meet basic standards, providing functioning stoves, heating and deadlocks, and maintaining basic safety standards for gas, electricity and smoke alarms.
• Rental bidding will be banned, preventing landlords from accepting a higher price than advertised.
• Landlords may only increase rent every 12 months, as opposed to every six months as currently stands.
• Bond will now be capped at four weeks’ rent.
• Landlords may no longer unreasonably refuse consent to minor modifications. This covers nailing hooks to walls and anchoring furniture for safety. But they can request these modifications be made by a qualified person.
• Landlords will now need an official order from the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal in order to refuse a tenant the right to own a pet.
• Tenants will no longer need written consent from their landlord to file for the release of their bond. The landlord will have 14 days to dispute the claim, or bond will be repaid to the tenant automatically after that time.
• Victims of family violence will be able to terminate rental agreements to ensure they aren’t held liable for the debts of their abusers.
• Caravan and mobile home owners will now be offered access to compensation if their residential park closes.
**
Fucking rental bidding. I've had to do it. Such a shit of an underhanded practise. Getting calls from the agent... well, there are a lot of people interested... 
Tell them directly that rent bidding is illegal. Oh, we're not doing that, we're just letting you know there are a lot of people interested...
There are more coming into effect in July 2020:  URL 
Some highlights:
Inappropriate rental application questions
A rental provider or their agent cannot request inappropriate information in a rental application.
Rental providers must give a valid reason to end a rental agreement
Rental providers (landlords) cannot issue a ‘no specified reason’ notice to vacate. To end a rental agreement, rental providers must provide a valid reason such as sale, change of use or demolition of the rental property, or rental provider moving back into the rental property.
Evidence for change of use notice to vacate
Rental providers must attach documentary evidence to a notice to vacate for change of use. The Director of Consumer Affairs Victoria will specify the types of evidence that must be used, for example a building permit.
Bank or other mortgage provider to honour rental agreements
If a bank or other mortgage provider has consented to the mortgage recipient entering a rental agreement with the mortgaged property, upon taking possession of the property they are subject to all the provisions of the Act as though they were the rental provider.
Expanded definition for urgent repairs
Urgent repairs now include repairs or replacements relating to air conditioning, safety devices and any fault or damage which makes the property unsafe or insecure, including pest infestations, or mould or damp caused by or related to the building structure.
Long-term leases
Renters and rental providers (landlords) can enter a fixed-term rental agreement for longer than five years. They must use the prescribed form to do so. >  Rental bidding will be banned, preventing landlords from accepting a higher price than advertised.
Why shouldnt a landlord be able to get the most rent possible?  In future wont they just advertise a lot higher rent then add 'or nearest offer'? 
>Landlords may no longer unreasonably refuse consent to minor modifications.
Will the tenant have to make good any changes, e.g. if they add a lot of screw holes to a wall surely they have to repair and repaint the room.
That the las vegas shooting had multiple shooters. There's literally mountains of evidence to support it.
&#x200B;
Also 9/11 was orchestrated. I think most people accept that now on some level, though. That Las Vegas shooting was weird, and it disappeared from the news so fast.
The only good offroading bikes in India right now in your budget are the KTM Adventure, RE Himalayan, Hero Xpulse and Bajaj Dominar. Though the dominar is not a full fledged off roader it is capable enough as it shares tye same underpinnings as its cousin KTM Duke . The BMW G310 ss is slightly over your budget, so is the KTM Adventure 390, both of these are slightly above 3 lakhs on road after local taxes but are more powerful than all the other options. The Himalayan comes in your budget and the newer 411cc BS6 ones are more reliable than the older BS4 ones, but with RE the problem is you never know when you might get a Lemon. That brings us down to Hero Xpulse whose 200cc engine is underpowered for off-roaders but is good enough in the city. 
If you are the gambling kind i would suggest the Himalayan, otherwise stick to any of the rest. Since you already owned a classic 500 you would be familiar with the temperament of a bullet. Thanks! I think I'm inclined towards the Himalayan, given everything I've read here and on other sites. I'm in India now and will probably visit a KTM showroom or two, though, just to get a feel for the 390. 
I'll check out the BMW G310, just since a few folks have recommended it. It looks to be at the top end of my budget, but there's a chance I may have enough money--my language program is fully funded and comes with a stipend, so if I can save enough money for a BMW, I can get one. 
However, I do have to wonder how practical it'd be to get one fixed on the fly. The big advantage of Enfields, at least in my experience, is that just about any mechanic in India can fix one in a relatively short period of time. 
I've actually had much better luck with REs in India than overseas, in part because a lot of the problems I had were exacerbated by higher average speeds in the U.S.
It's sad that she has to get out ahead of this because of scumbag tabloids. Her personal life should be off limits. Ugh. What are the tabloids saying?
♡picking randomly♡. @USER Please my middle name is randomly xx.
Me ;). Haha... stay the fuck away from me.
so were getting free drugs? No you have to pay for charas ki chutney.
@USER How do you know he's a dude? Is it because he's got a cock? @USER You are an obsessed freak. Seek help.
@USER You can't hide those lion eyes. @USER Yes, I know a contraction is cheating.
Divorcees often go to counseling to heal from a divorce, but what about their children? Please consider them during and after a divorce, even if they seem to be doing fine. @USER One of r neighbors for whom Kate used to babysit got herself frequent counseling,but was dismissive when Kate told her that her son&amp;daughter could use some help to—it really showed.
They’ve both turned out to be great young adults but it would’ve been great if they’d suffer less.
UP is so fucked if corona breaks out. It's already fucked.
Spruce trees do fuck all to soak up carbon. That's why their claim that they had planted hundreds of thousands of trees for the environment was bullshit.... it's just for logging. 
Native trees suck it in like a chain smoker. We need more of those. Can you post some sources for that?
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER I was lucky enough to not watch OZARK until this year so I got it pretty much all at once. It took me two months. Two wonderful months. I loved every character and their “badness”.
It’s too late. One in every five Aussies will get it. I also agree it can’t be stopped but still worth slowing it down until vaccine becomes available.
I got caught up in a thread. Its seems some guy named Nick is not a nice person. I think he might have played for the Cubs. Or maybe it was the Bears. If you know who this is, please let me know. Thanks. @USER Unfortunately Mary, there’s a lot of not nice people in here. Most of them are either Braves or Phillies fans.
@USER  @USER Ye farrey word maine bhi pehli baar suna tha khushi se??? @USER  @USER Same here ? Many other desi words too like ramanchi , paala (side) etc.
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER Congratulations.
@USER Morning Andy. @USER Morning Neil.
@USER Oh bloody heck! @USER Not ideal.
@USER One caveat. Most of the things Biden says are lies. @USER  @USER Well first of all you have to be educated to the extent that you can differentiate between, facts, opinion and total insanity! Your gullible and grossly misinformed there Vern!
There's no hope with dope. Pack it up lads. If it rhymes it must be true.
Jump street 21. Wth? Which part?
The Irishman. Someone who hates movies ain’t gonna sit thru that movie. Isn’t it like three hours?
Did they have a Reliant Regal? Um I don't recall seeing a car like that.
It’s the day nineteen days before Spring starts? Hence the picture - Spring is around the corner.
I've always wanted to buy vinyls of old music (50s through to 70s) - does anyone here think it's worth buying them? It's worth depends on what your getting out of it, if your trying to make money out of it you best try and find rare ones and hope that the 'fad' doesn't die away, but if your doing it (like me) because you enjoy trying to hunt down the album your looking for, having the physical copy of the album that gives the illusion of more value for money, then i'd say its worth it, it just depends (like everything really) on what your wanting to get out of it.
Possibly illegal. A merchant cannot just take money without a legal reason. 
I'd suspect the courts might take a dim view if the person whose bank account was raided took action. I'd think their bank would have something to say about their merchant facility too.
Trust me, taking 60 teenagers away, is no fucking holiday. Not many of the teachers volunteer for these trips abroad. The same teachers in my school "volunteered" each year for the ski trip, it was definitely a free holiday.
Imagine being a kid and this happens. You’re delighted tbh. Til they find out there's a set amount of school dates in the year and they're gonna lose two weeks of holidays somewhere else.
read this.
 URL 
&#x200B;
Edit: At least this article wasn't published in a men's fashion/grooming website. Now tell us how credible you think the journal ancient whatever they quote a paper from is. I suggest you look it up, before sharing your opinion, since people can find papers from that journal and discuss.
How tf people keep travelling all the fucking time? I hate Instagram posts of my friends.
@USER Happy born day. @USER My dawg!!! Preciate it bro.
If you're in a city with time to kill, what's the first thing you do? @USER Find a bar.
There is a call for a total boycott of a community. It is made publicly by a BJP Member of Parliament. 

But Modi Ji is silent. As always. 

And everyone is quiet. The media barely speaks up nowadays. Radio silence. 

Tragic state of affairs in India. @USER कुछ पागल कुत्ते जरूर भौंक रहे हैं।.
@USER Was there pineapples on it? ? @USER  @USER Clearly. Man has class.
@USER If you ever wondered how the republican movement was brought to it's knees. Just read these replies. I'm actually embarrassed for them. @USER  @USER Are you trying to divert the debate or kid yourself?
@USER Some of my favourites  @USER   @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER to name a few ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER thanks so much ?
@USER Enjoy it sweetie ?? @USER Thanks Roli ❤️❤️.
@USER  @USER He still playing? @USER  @USER Injuries never leave old footy players #ouch.
Can those Federer fans in the disguise of journalists retire together with Federer?

The worst thing that Federer has brought to tennis is almost everyone in this industry put their Federer fandom over moral &amp; work ethics, fawning over him while smearing others (mainly Djokovic). @USER Rafa &amp; Roger earned their fan love &amp; journalists’ respect. Most commentators admire Novax play &amp; support him.Few can ignore his rageful vibe &amp; uniquely unpleasant court behavior. No #1 in history ever got defaulted from a slam for hurting a linesperson or racket smash @ Olympics!
Saturday night ka mera 'sneak in the garden and light up a joint' routine badiya baith gaya hai. Kal mast joint fooka gaane sunte sunte and moon ko dekha and uske baad some geopolitics ke videos. Man, I love saturday nights. That's something even the girl I am currently with does. But instead of watching geopolitics she sleeps on my shoulder in which she murmurs god knows what.
@USER Maybe if journalist did there job &amp; stopped giving SF a free run when interviewed there would be no need for dossiers. They are playing the Trump &amp; Boris tune, populist politics. We see in USA &amp; UK two countries that are now a mess. Stop listening to waffle dig deeper. @USER  @USER Oh Comon.. I stopped watching political debates n interviews because they thrashed SF n gave easy rides to the rest..
Scientists have discovered a way to combat anxiety disorders: This breakthrough remedy also helps people cope with depression, fibromyalgia, chronic pain, nervous exhaustion, and other conditions. Don't put it off any longer because demand is increasing by the day. @USER What is it please let me know.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Laughs humorlessly in Melbournian.
What in the actual crap is wrong with you. ;).
India is a rogue nation of RSS Hindutva. ISIS if it was Hindu basically.
This is such a Varadkar thing to do.. He's making a laugh of FG and his cultish followers allow it. To be fair, the blue shirts have it coming.
In the gents toilet where I work, there's a hand towel that hasn't been washed in at least 6 months. It turns my stomach and I refuse to go near it. Is it one of those roller lads or just, like, literally the kind of towel one would have at home?
Great, now what they gonna use to bash up minorities in? Now that's what I call edgy!
with Medical stuff I think. Care to elaborate?
Giving up just for Sunday or forever starting Sunday? The sentence is confusing. It is but sounds like he will give it up starting Sunday. He's going to keep us posted .
Why don't banks accept your years worth of on time rent payments?! I've been paying rent for 5 years on time without issues and it's more expensive than monthly mortgage payments. Loads of us have a proven track record of it. The fact this isn't taken into account and isn't brought up more often is horrible. It's such a fantastic solution. But the banks won't accept shit. They do, they include current rent and savings as part of their stress tests for affordability. You have to be able to show you earn enough that you can pay rent and save significantly as well as afford to live. So they know you can keep paying if interest rates go up.
Its just they also need a 10-20% deposit to cover the possibility of negative equity so the value of your house if sold in a down market still covers the cost of the outstanding loan.
In fairness both are reasonable rules.
The problem is not the lending rules, its the price of property being entirely unaffordable to begin with and if you loosen the rules it will just drive prices higher again.
Developers not building affordable properties on desirable land when they can build higher margin luxury properties instead is the problem. Its up to the planning authorities to control what gets build where and insist on a higher proportion of higher density affordable properties being built in these developments.
The way Americans pronounce the name ‘Craig’ should be a crime. @USER The way the Brits pronounce “we surrender” sounds so sweet though.
Question for people older than me: Were the left always such unutterable pieces of garbage, or have they gotten a lot worse in recent years? @USER MUCH MUCH worse. Very dangerous.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Varisu
Thunivu
Adipurush
Mega 154
NBK 107
????
Pongal 2023. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER TN. Only thala thalalay.
@USER Wexford had a tougher league campaign than Kilkenny etc. And we've beaten all the other 5 teams left in the championship this year. @USER  @USER I hope to God Wexford show up tomorrow or it ll be like the Kerry game with Wexford playing the part of the Kingdom men.
@USER I really don't know...I mean I can't say anything about anyone is true until I meet him or her. People are way different in reality. So no conclusions ? @USER There is definitely truth in what you say.
Coronavirus is so obviously a biological weapon from the Chinese government and nobody is seriously talking about it. China has a long history of market and currency manipulation. Who could have possibly predicted that the media buzzing about a global pandemic would cause markets to crash as we move towards another election? But there was another Coronavirus in 2008.
भारत के तीन महापुरुष  दुनिया में सदैव याद जायेंगे 
1 गौतमबुद्ध - ध्यान के लिए।
2 अम्बेडकर - ज्ञान के।
3 कलाम - विज्ञान के  लिए ।
#जय_भीम_जय_संविधान_जय_विज्ञान. @USER कृष्ण से बड़ा किसी का ध्यान नहीं,विवेकानंद जैसा ज्ञान नहीं और वेदों जैसा विज्ञान नहीं।.
What an absolute load of garbage. I read those books as a kid. They were great. Not even close. The most disappointing trailer since... well... cant remember the last time I was so disappointed.
Opposite of overpriced. Entire draw of it is how cheap it is. Use the change at the bottom of my pocket that never gets used for anything else. Yes it's inexpensive but IMO it's overpriced for what it is. The price of the mediocre sausage rolls is shocking.
currently going through a bit of an aussie hip hop phase and I think this is the only genre I’ve ever really listened to that I just can not bring myself to play in session. there is simply no way to make it work. one can not do sadism to a soundtrack of our unadulterated accent. @USER Challenge accepted.
If you could “Delete” anything from your past, what would it be? @USER You would only choose to delete something tragic from your past. Which would completely change who you are today. So if you're unhappy with who you are today, delete away.
Let businessmen use their minds to paint pictures of success in their businesses, and it shall be so. Let the career person imagine himself at the top echelon of his career, and it will be impossible for him to remain at the bottom. 

That’s how to get God committed. @USER Amen and Amen. I believe and receive I'm the Mighty Name of Lord Jesus Christ.
If it makes you guys feel any better I live in Manhattan now and people call Staten Island “Trash Island” and “The Garbage People” unironically for this very reason. Even New Yorkers hate Staten Island. Even people that live on Staten Island hate Staten Island. Well at least roughly half.
I went there about 10 years ago. Costs about £20 to go in and it's just a greenhouse. You go to look at the plants not the greenhouse. It's like saying a restaurant is just a bunch of tables.
Ow ? In Sydney’s wet, wrestled a green bin down the driveway in the slippery dark. Two knuckles hurting. Same two knuckles were fractured thirty years ago hitting a basketball, hoping they’re not refractured. On the other hand (groan), ambidextrous practice yayy. @USER Ouch! Hope they’re settling down now. Those bins are brutal!
@USER Tey winning against a real baseball club. K thanks maybe like Astros? Oh wait.. lol. @USER  @USER Redsox fan,Your team is in last place and the Yankees are in first. GFYS !
@USER  @USER Super cute Nani bangaram. @USER  @USER Hi.
Post your Top 4 films of 2022 ranked so far ? @USER 1.RRR
2.RRR
3.RRR
4.RRR.
I’ve never been very liquorice at puns so I won’t bother trying. Deep.
@USER Pga fields have been gutted, if Rory, Rham and Thomas don’t play not worth watching ! @USER Plus the course and broadcast - giant yawn.
The Brave Little Toaster™. Agree.
"Sometimes you change the subject, and sometimes the subject changes you." —@TimothyDSnyder. @USER  @USER Common thing when we friends meet ?
Update on #TheLittleRedDot. Now off the coast of North Mayo,the Atlantic hasn’t been kind to them BUT they are still in the race, yesterday’s sun helped dry their v wet gear.
Hoping to make it back by Thursday..thanks everyone for the uplifting support! #MammysVoyageBeginsAgain. @USER You must be very proud of your brilliant daughter.  Only 2 days to go.
YOU TAKE THAT BACK. Yeah!! There's pink matter inside the yellow matter!
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. The yearly flu kills around 0.07% of all cases.
This kills anywhere from 1%-3% (really, really hard to say exactly the CFR right now).
Both conditions are equally infectious. Which do you think is more dangerious?
My vitamin D is so low smh. @USER Too easy.
@USER Sir,
It must be great opportunity! 
We are happy to know more details on qualification and skills for the post. @USER You can first apply and if you satisfy our needs, my team will get back..
I don't know why Honohan has decided to keep the name of the school or the fact it is a child secret. No one is asking for the name of the actual child, just the school. Then he fucks up and let's the fact it's a child slip to journalists himself? The hse can't keep these secrets not only because it's impossible since we'll find out anyway but also and more importantly we have a right to know more details about threats to our families so we can make our own decisons..
For example, I needed to know what school this was last night because if it had been near me I wouldn't have sent my kid  to pre-school today as a precaution. That's my choice given my own families circumstances. But I need accurate info in order to make that choice. And this choice to protect an entire school's "privacy" forced me to find out the name of the school through Reddit last night, not the people who are in charge of managing the crisis. Despite them having it. Exactly. All they are doing is allowing rumours to intensify and distrust in the goverment and health service to grow. How did they think the schools name would not get out? 400 pupils, 800 parents telling there work, neighbours and family. It was all over the internet within 10 mins.
No one was asking for the students/teachers name. But have a right to know what community the virus is circulating in.
not all sydney man. Hahaha.
I’ve sucked a dick before, I’ve earned the right to make gay jokes. Did you swallow?
The whole point of secularism and humanitarianism is that religion does not define our morality. Saying someone is not a real Hindu is like saying that a good hindu's morality comes from the correct "practice" of Hinduism. But anyone from any religion can say that about literally any moral stance. If good hindu's are humanitarian and bad Hindus are violent because they're bad Hindus then where does that put atheists? That's not my point at all. Hinduism, like most religions is a set of ideologies. And those ideologies do not promote the kind of hate and violence being perpetuated in our country now. Thus, people who do perpetuate said hate and violence in our country calling themselves hindu for doing so are in fact, not.
Thankfully, we don't have thousands of people from all over the world visiting Ireland in two and a half weeks time. It should be cancelled, you'd imagine there will be an awful turnout anyway.
@USER Personally, the rankings are flawed for all three tours. Pgatour is rated too highly, European tour too low and LIV should have realised it would take time for them to get on it. Think the picture will be clearer in 12 months. @USER  @USER How can LIV expect ranking pints when they play a completely different format (easier) than the rest of the other tours.
Nobody wants to hang out with me and I understand. I would hang out with you.
Wasn't India the top team in the 40s-60s? > The Indian men's hockey team has climbed a rung to the fourth position, their highest since the inception of the FIH world rankings in 2003, in the recently released chart.
Outsider here. Curious what makes all these places shot Holes in your eyes.
I’ve visited Ireland for a total of about six months and  nothing really made me think shit hole. 
When I hear shit hole I think of Detroit and derelict steel town types around the states. It's not that they're dangerous, there just isn't much in a lot of towns in Ireland. Carlow is one or the bigger towns and the population is only 24000. It also doesn't help that after the 2008 recession a lot of places didn't recover very well, and people commute to Dublin for jobs.
You can see how this plays out:  @USER cuts swathes of taxes, mostly benefitting better off. Loses 2024 election (sewage/care homes/economy/NHS/sewage). Labour has to put taxes up to restore UK finances. Right wing press goes nuts. Tories get back in in 2028.. @USER  @USER Ah didn't see that. Still figuring out how bankers bonus will help us?.
Thats not a cabinet, its a closet... There are more LNP MPs in the closet than in this cabinet.
Dinner at Pluckett’s Tonight!  @USER 

Meet us in hotel lobby in 30 minutes to walk over at 6:45p (Distance 0.6 miles, 12 minute walk). @USER  @USER I hatched a Pokémon egg on that walk.
who did this? The answer is in the pic on Modi's Pyjamas. That was nicely hidden.
Don't worry, rugby fans can easily afford Sky. One less ivory back-scratcher. Believe it or not. The great unwashed also enjoy rugby. It’s one of the few sports we are good at.
Last place in the #LIVGolfBangkok event should def have to go with  @USER to sample some of that extreme local cuisine. ?? #LIVGolf. @USER  @USER That was great to see that - so much more interesting broadcast.
@USER #dontflyAIRFRANCE they loose your luggage and they dont care about it!!!!!!waiting since 26 OF JULYYYYY!!!! @USER  @USER I think we need to get a class action lawsuit against  @USER . There are hundreds of tweets complaining about the same thing.
जबसे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की हत्या हुई है तबसे अब तक 35 बॉलीवुड फिल्मे फ्लॉप हो चुकी है,,

कुछ साल और बहिस्कार और सारी गंदगी साफ़ हो जाएगी बॉलीवुड की !! @USER Bollywood Boycott.
Richard Arnold to fans: "We're doing everything  we can to get Frenkie De Jong and I'm telling you the money is there for him." [@MufcWonItAll]. @USER  @USER and how's this now going to affect the negotiation with Barca? We will hstvhave to pay up instead of negotiate now?
Just went and to grab a few things for dinner tonight there were people panic buying at Woolies. Not sure why you were downvoted. I had the same experience at Coles. It was kind of chaotic and weird.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. Isn’t it more believable that an insanely wealthy narcissist couldn’t face a lifetime behind bars and an underfunded and incompetent prison system messed up?
The president openly confessed to sexually assaulting a woman and nothing happened.  What more damage could Epstein have done to anyone?
That means nothing. Yeah, it's pretty much the norm for all really rich people (politicians included) to send their kids to study in these kinds of universities and it isn't just one political party that does it.
Sure everyone will be jammed into every pub in the country anyway. That's grand since that's an adults choice. The parade is more for the young ones who are vulnerable to the disease and I could understand why some would rather it not go ahead since people like anti-vaxxers exist.
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER If that's their choice...probably the ones that makes the most sense....thinking about going down here...its a beautiful Island...beautiful people.
@USER good l o r d. @USER I like pins ?
Jason Momoa, i'm straight but if i had to, that guy could tear me up. Ouch your butt.
I am just going to fap as many times as I can and then go to sleeeeeep. 41 is the limit, always remember that.
Happy out here - well rested and not hungover for the first Sunday in a few weeks :) It's a beautiful, sunny morning too.
Going for a walk now and will have to do a bit of study later on - have an exam Tuesday, keep the fingers crossed for me. Hopefully it'll be grand :)
Off to South Africa for a holiday with herself then on Wednesday - really excited, haven't had two weeks off work in a row since 2016 and very much looking forward to it!
Life is all good at present! Hope ye are all keeping well. I have two weeks off in a row coming up in May, first time since 2015.
I. Can. Not. Wait.
Good lick with the exam!
How embarrassing for him.
1) all that stuff attached to his van.
2) driving a Renault. Everyone knows the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Honestly, your downvotes are welcome, but if he pulled up in that van and I had hired him, I’d be questioning my decision. >  the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Would that be the Ford Transit, made by an American car company?
The #stage3taxcuts blab fest continues on your ABC #afternoonbriefing #InsidersABC #TheDrum there's no other news. @USER  @USER Such lazy journalism.
@USER Good morning ??‍♀️?☕️. @USER Happy Thursday Sharon. Have a fabulous day.??❤.
ITT: Many folks complaining that the title is misleading since there have been no actual tests conducted - because the scientists are irritated that they have to spend time and resources behind such a wild claim - rather than undertaking more important research.
so my new question is - if there is a large scale experiment where the effects are actually monitored & documented - do you reckon people will actually sign up for it.... and willingly put themselves in the mix "for science". Faith bad.
Wouldn't it be a lovely gesture if the electricity bills for the businesses giving the emergency services, journalists, and volunteers, free refreshments in #Creeslough was paid for them.
Any idea how this could be organised so that people could donate some money? @USER A  Creeslough lad in Australia started a gofundme for the people if the village with a target of 60k. As I write, it has raised 225k so I think that's probably the place to go.
I got into deep shit  for saying this as a kid, it was explained to me at the time that it was an oath/sweary word  that was derived  from "the blood of christ" not as in eat my body, drink my blood for wafers and wine, but the dripping blood as he was tortured and was dying on the cross, representing the sacrifice made, So as George Carlin would call it in his seven words you cant say on TV, its dirty, but only part of the time.
Side note this was from a family where  a ex-coal-miner grandfather would frequently say 'bucking' with the same context and vehemency as fuck,  eg) "bucking hell!" or "bucking television!", that was perfectly accepted because he didn't actually say fuck, your chosen deity forbid you actually fucking swear! I was told it was a contraction of “by our lady”, ie the Virgin Mary. So technically swearing, but the BVM’s view on the matter has not been recorded so I can’t say whether she minds.
It wasn't a train lol...small maintenance vehicle, but it messed up a lot of train lines. I guess it had the same sort of effect.
जिस दिन अपन 3 Million फॉलोअर हो गए उस दिन 3 लोगों का रोजगार तय

एक आदमी, जरूरी मैसेज पर त्वरित उत्तर देगा, जरूरी एक्शन लेगा, ट्वीट-फोन से विभाग को भेजेगा

दूसरा आदमी, FB की सेवा में

तीसरा आदमी, आम लोगों के ट्वीट स्कैन करेगा, पता लगाएगा कि आज के अहम मुद्दे क्या है जिस पर बात हो. @USER 3 million to Aasan hai bhaiya.
@USER Three days now with cluster headache, no energy and see so much to be done but f.uck it, we have to look after ourselves xx. @USER Take care. A dose of a thing.
A mate of mine found a baby duck in his closed off yard once, he took it in and it grew into a fuck of great big white duck, he keeps ducks now.
He reckons a seagull nicked it from a farm and dropped it. so the tale of the stork bringing babies is based in truth after all...
Would that be the same Brian Houston who protected his paedophile father? yes.
If Muslims are prone to crime, and Indian police is biased against Muslims, then why are only 16% of convicted prisoners are Muslims?
That statistic does not show that Muslims are disproportionately criminal. Most likely because of they constitute only 14% of the population? (According to wiki).
The cynic in me decided to take a peak at Adverts/Donedeal earlier to see if Irish folks were buying up masks/hand sanitiser for profiteering from a public health crisis. 
Price gouging confirmed. Dickheads be dickheads I suppose. Fuck all those people... I work in a pharmacy. We sold out of masks nearly a month ago and out of hand sanitiser last week. People have thrown a freaker every bloody day over it. 
We got extra hand sanitiser in and it's the stuff no one ever buys because it's like €15 cost price. It still sold. People will pay anything.
Can we just stop with this now? I suspect it’s coming to an end....
What if the wheels on the bus didn't go round and round? @USER Up and down?
Im more scared of cancer because it can hit everyone. Couldnt corona hit everyone though?
मुसीबत में अगर मदद माँगो तो सोच कर माँगना,
क्योंकि मुसीबत थोड़ी देर की होती है और एहसान जिंदगी भर का।
 @USER @ACP_SURINDER_K. @USER  @USER 100/ सत्य वचन इस बात का गुनहगार मै खुद हुं मैने भी मद्त मांगी थी मद्त करना तो दूर उस बात का लोगोने ढिंढोरा पिट दिया.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks so much Keith ??? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aways welcome  @USER ?☘️.
I don't even understand this one. IKEA isn't actually a word, its an acronym for the creator and where he grew up.
If it stood for something norse or whatever (Tron is a good example that seems ridiculous for a western audience due to the film franchise but actually means something different) then you could forgive the parents here, but fucking Ikea? It's a made up story.
It's the flu.  A higher percentage of old and sick people might die than the regular flu.  But not that much higher. 
Everyone is freaking out. 
I don't get the obsession with toilet paper though. >old and sick people
Boomervirus.
Name and date. By date you mean date of birth?
Listen to the advice of older people. Not because they're right, but because they have the most experience being wrong. @USER Not all the old people are wise. Some are really dumb af.
I know it says great, but all I see is ordinary Britain. Ordinary Britain is in France.
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. So would you never pay for any recipe book then?
I use my.gov every three months to do my BAS....I just reset the password and have it sent to my email, then get the passcode sent to my phone...no biggie.    
For all those wondering why I reset the password, I'm not remembering or writing down a password for a fucking website I never use....or even for one I do. The amount of fucking websites requiring an account and/or sign in for the one time you use them either in a year or ever at all.....fuck off. It’s perma shut down now for no fucking reason....i feel like petrol bombing the nearest centre link...im going to uni next fucking week....i need the student support ffs!
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER Throw him in prison too.
Rice looks a bit overcooked or is it broken rice? Rice is overcooked :).
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Congrats!
As an American I can’t believe people would allow themselves to searched so thoroughly just to get into a bar. Yeah sure a pat down for weapons for sure. Seems reasonable. But this guy was talking like they were going through people’s wallets. Seems strange to me. Wouldn’t want to go near a place that does this kind inspection prior to entry. yea its weird right? is it like this in most of the uk?
@USER  @USER What are your thoughts about  @USER wanting to grow game but then making the recent decision to lock out international subscribers from watching postseason games on @MLBTV? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I reckon !
David Miscavige, the chairman of the Church of Scientology definitely murdered his wife and is getting off scott free for it. Him and his wife got into a pretty heated argument in 2007, and she hasn’t been seen since. Lawyers hired by David claim she is still alive and devotes 100% of her time to work at the church of scientology, which is why she hasn’t been seen since August 2007. In 2013, a former member of the church had filed a missing person report that was closed after a few officers had “spoken and seen Mrs.Miscavige”, even though there’s no evidence whatsoever of this meeting. All missing person’s reports now are turned down since this investigation is forever closed. She is either dead or locked in a bunker.
@USER Congratulations! @USER Thank you.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER The Bunnett understanding how elections work. Next he’ll be expecting manifestos to be implemented. Good Lord.
You’ll need to phone the number and ask for a reset. This. Also the codes usually only last 14days.
Idk why should I be afraid of someone coming to kill me. Fear keeps us from dying. I'm going to die anyway so rather than cower and beg like a pussy, I might just fight back the hardest I ever have because that same fear is going to tell me "you must kill this guy or you'll die" so I'll fight ten times harder. 
And I've seen these deffusers or pacifists get beaten to a bloody pulp while begging. That ain't gonna work. Either run, fight or do both. You're not fighting alone. life is not a videogame buddy.
Code with music or without? @USER Only if it helps you to concentrate otherwise it's a distraction and will lead to unnecessary errors.
Cheap supermarket bacon is overseas pork, processed here into bacon. Cheap shitty product, buy local. Our IGA uses local pork and holy shit can you taste the difference. For only a small increase in price you get a vastly better product than Don/Primo.
@USER [Palghar Lynching Case] Maharashtra Govt says it is willing to hand over investigation to CBI, "would have no objection for the same", their affidavit before Supreme Court reads. When it comes to certain community neither. @USER Hon’ble court had not taken a single step as suo moto cognizance nor to CBI from the first Mob Lynching - Mohsin Shaikh in Pune on 2 June 2014 to A 22-year-old Ejaz Ansari resident of Gumla in Jharkhand.
Philadelphia is where it's at, we're gay af. Baltimore too. Come on over and be gay with us.
@USER Blocked. @USER  @USER He'd walk into virtually every team in the league.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Family, friends, football, travelling, my dogs.

You know, real tangible things.
I would force the homeless to fight to the death for the money, and then kill the winner to eat both of their corpses. This is the best response I could ever think of.
@USER Weight kaafi put on hgya h ? aur exams tk hosh me rehna h to mid Nov tk No Choley Bhaturey ?‍?️???? @USER  @USER CA's child be like

A for Asset

B for Balance Sheet

C for Chartered Accountants

D for Documentation

E for Equity

Continue in the comments......
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER Congratulations.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER People.
@USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations! What a fab project! @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Tracy! ??
Spamming Instagram with "Normie Garbage", and spamming TikTok with "Simp Trash". You forgot spamming 4chan with braindead threads.
In the name of Jesus, new order of exploits shall begin to happen in your life! @USER Amen.
You just need to know the first line, then mumble along with the rest of us! I still have it ingrained from Irish college.
Wooooooaaahhhh mysterious girl, I wanna ~~get close to you~~ remain at least 2 chevrons apart from you. You could of gone with anything but you went with chevrons! Now I feel like I’m on the M1 between J26 and 30. 10/10 good sir.
Found the original cart in an article on the proposed upgrade.
Interesting that it appears to have been $50k over budget but that wasn't mentioned. Government project being over budget is a given.
It's the end of the world as we know it. Who said that? 51 jerks needs a new word: sabastooge! Sabtogeing the public by the unelected deep staters.
Lol. They said they will demand resignation of HM. 
Aiming for the stars I guess. "Aim for the stars and you will reach the tree top.".
@USER Been having them for weeks now, thought it was stress or weather related. Any good remedies? @USER I haven’t found anything yet unfortunately. Just hustle through it.
Peak TV ratings during Queen's funeral
BBC1: 19.5m
BBC2: 2m
ITV: 5.3m 
Sky News: 934,000
BBC News channel: 831,000

Combined peak of around 28.5m viewers on main channels, final figure will be a bit higher. Excludes streaming.

Massive audience but smaller than Euro 2020 final. @USER Also the euro final was only on 2 channels so not really a fair comparison but still it had more!
I love you all ❤️. @USER Feeling’s mutual xx.
Coming to Cincinnati for a couple days tomorrow! Would love to know what to eat, please! @USER @sottocincy.
Just lost few of my brain cells. "The Indian gene is covid19 resistant", roflmao lost all my brain cells at the very start!
Anybody want to check /r/unitedkingdom to see if they have a shit fit about this traitorous act. Most Brits I know are fairly sound and if anything are more just uneducated about the not so nice parts of their history. Its them-uns up North that have a hard on for the Monarchy that I would be worried about.
Maybe this sounds ridiculous, I don’t know. But in a social setting, if it’s not a good cuppa, I’ll ‘forget’ about it. If it’s in an office, I genuinely can forget about it. If it’s not a cup that makes me want to come back to it every few minutes, it’s not on my mind to drink it. Sometimes it comes too light, too dark, sometimes it’s been threatened with milk. Sometimes it’s like dishwater, syrup at the bottom. In every team of every company, there’s usually only one that I trust. I’m of the mindset that it’d be ruder to exclude myself from the tea round system and make myself tea. Is that nuts? >Sometimes it comes too light, too dark
Some invaluable information my Dad passed to me was that a good brew should be the exact colour of He-Man. I live my life by this mantra.
It was such a brilliant idea to have the students back. 14-day offshore quarantine works so well. Who thought this could be coming, right. Look mate, who cares about people's health and well being when our institutions are going broke. /s.
Pronounces Jalapeno as it's spelled, whenever anyone says stop he starts singing, "rough riders roll", pronounces bologna as it's spelled, pronounced Italian as eye-talian, constantly calling me " honor student" whenever I do anything stupid, "are you sure? Are you positive? I thought you were__!" Etc. Lovely!
Just google it? qbasic.net. Thanks mate.
No, I will not give into the desire to mock a has been with negative opinions about current Star Trek, but I really do wonder what someone’s life is like when they spend it barfing gatekeeping nonsense on the internet. @USER He is literally the Fox News of fandom &amp; the person *most* in need of being quoted lines like —

SPOCK: “Are we so old that we have outlived our usefulness?”

&amp;

KIRK: “Come now, Mr. Scott. Young minds, fresh ideas. We must be tolerant!”

— if only he could grasp their meaning.
Fuck me! The Russian Gollum has announced partial mobilisation! @USER You should have heard the Russian bloke screaming on Radio 4 ? and I thought out politicians were batshit!
If you’re an aussie and are in NFTs RT this tweet. 

I want to connect to more aussies in this space ??? @USER Sydney ??
I was scared initially because I wasn't sure how the stock market would react.  I lost money when the stock market dropped massively in the past few weeks.  Got out of those positions, switched mindsets, and now I'm back to making money.  In fact, coronavirus spreading has actually benefitted me.  Not saying that is a good thing, just trying to make the most of a bad situation. I have had people comment about the economy and i agree with you, while other parts dropped massively other parts rose, however i am interested to know now what your oppinion is on the actual virus and a possible mass outbreak?
Anyone optimistic about the future? Climate Change does not allow me to be optimistic.
Watched a documentary (think it was in Canada) a while back where they had safe centers where people could get clean needles, be supervised by medical staff while using controlled substances and offered rehabilitation programmes and not be threatened by police 
None of the drugs had been decriminalised but the state has recognised an epidemic and offered a safer system to those at the highest risk levels.
I don't think at this point decriminalization would do shit. we've an rooted black market supply chain that isn't going anywhere, best thing the state can do is provide early education into the long term effects of drug use, heavily change the support infrastructure for those caught in addiction cycles and stop treating em like dregs and leaving em in back alleys. We have legislation permitting a safe injection facility on the cards for the last 5 years. It's been blocked multiple times from planning permission objections. Hopefully it will eventually get built. Once we have one others will follow. One day we'll hopefully have a place like this for drug users to go and access harm reduction facilities.
*poo. Well yeah, I've always spelled it poo as well. I do hear of people writing pooh and I assume it's because they went to a private school or something.
@USER  @USER  @USER Best news Paul. Massive congratulations. This is very exciting❤️. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Susan! ❤️.
@USER i like iced. @USER W or.w out sugar ,?
TMC is no better than BJP.
They're just another extreme of the political spectrum. No, no, the TMC is in no way comparable to the BJP. Yes, a lot of goons associate with the party to get into positions of power. And TMC allows that happily. But the BJP are genocidal maniacs! There's a huge difference there.
To be fair now, I came across an accident on the N17 today and they were all over it. Gardai on the scene, followed by medical teams and the fire brigade. 
I suppose it just depends on the Garda, same as any job. 
Some of them are useless, indifferent jobsworths and others are committed people dedicated to serving the community. The lack of resources and the recent scandals can't be very good for morale, either. They get paid a fuckton of money. That's all the morale they need. The scandals are their own doing, including the scandal of threatening to go on strike in 2016 for even higher pay, and penalty points scandal where the entire lot of them committed fraud.
No accountability, early retirement and massive pensions and a average weekly pay packet of 1200 euro a week in a job for life.
Gotta commit to the lie. 
Youngish (25-30) guy, what I think is his mum and a mate come to door. Main guy p1 is up first. 
After ID checks etc 
B1 “I need to do a quick search if that’s ok before I can get you in here”
P1 “yea of course, go ahead”
B1 direct to the little pocket you get on jeans. And pull out a bag of again cocaine. 
P1 just stares at me blankly and then asks “ok am I ok to go in then?”
B1 “no sorry mate you’re in possession of drugs you’re not coming in here”
P1 “ohh that’s not mine”
B1 “who’s is it”
P1 “I don’t know” 
P2 and P3 look on in astonishment. Obviously unaware this guy does coke.
To spare you from an Inane back and forth that followed this as he was 100% adamant it wasn’t his, he don’t know how it got there. (I did confirm they were indeed his trousers just in case) still staring blankly. B2 and B3 are dying with laughter as it’s beyond silly now but he’s so committed to the lie it’s almost admirable. 
Eventually his mum got his arm and dragged him off up the road. URL.
I know a few people who are acting like it is doomsday stocking up on everything.
I know several people that don't give a shit.
I know some people that are just avoiding crowds/sick people/using common sense and washing their damn hands.
Honestly, if you didn't give a shit about flu season for the past two decades, why are you acting so scared or proactive around covid virus? Media attention to some degree, but there it currently has about the same CFR as the 1918 flu.
Slowing the spread while a vaccine is developed has the best chance of limiting fatalities.
@USER Wait…so am I! @USER  @USER every time i feel bad about myself i remember he's two years older than i am.
What's the boy word for slut? Boyslut.
We need to build a wall around Leinster. It’s all fun and games now but what if it hit Cork? We can’t take that risk. I agree. It's only in Dublin but am also willing to sacrifice those surrounding counties to keep Cork free.
Lindsey Hoyle spent £7,500 of taxpayers money on a mattress and sheets for his bed in the speakers residence. @USER  @USER Very Toriesque.
@USER WTF??????
She ok? @USER She's fine. It's fake. Haha
She did a SFX workshop today.
@USER Just like sitting in traffic for a road paving project. @USER We have restrictions when we can and can’t hold up traffic ???
Ask Congressmen if they have visited Statue of Unity; have a big heart and visit Sardar Patel's memorial: PM Modi. @USER And stay empty stomach, jobless.
@USER Heading to Stove for anniversary dinner, which is next door to Northern Lights, so keeping my fingers crossed. @USER Fab, happy anniversary ?
I hate the kind of people that every time you talk to them they’re always trying and sell you something. @USER  @USER Me 2 .. I’m like I’m not interested! You know anyone who wants to buy a PS5 ?
Rolled jiujitsu against a dude weighing 115kg tonight (I’m around 73kg). Was like trying to sweep a boulder. My attacks didn’t go well, but I survived 2 rounds with the guy, as he tried to figure a way around my (desperate) defence. @USER This is exactly how I ended up with 41 staples in my shoulder.
Because the last generation was Gen. Z and there’s no where to go past that, so we gotta start from the beginning. but we should have just named the first generation "Alpha" instead of doing it now.
मर्द के शब्द झूठे हो सकते हैं मगर आसूं कभी नहीं.. @USER Aap shi bole.
@USER Lovely. @USER Thank you Leila. None of it is my work! ??
@USER Nobody cares about your sexuality. @USER  @USER You might not but the stigma around gay players in football is real if you like it or not.
@USER Welcome back! @USER Thanks Vanessa! ?
To keep people away from me on the way home from shopping today, I coughed a couple of times and wholeass groups of adults changed their path.
I'd see someone walking my way, I'd cough a lil and they would look for a way out. I know it's a lil mean, but it's the best way to keep people away from me since I already washed my hands, used sanitiser and took precautions before. That's pretty smart.
Ironic how the European is the diseased immigrant when they complain so much about diseased Asians destroying their society. Oh please stop that kind of talk. Xenophobes exist everywhere in the world. You don't need to stoop to their level when calling out their xenophobia and bigotry.
Black card and penalty? @USER Surely linesman could have given a prompt..really believe we need qualified inter county referees as umpires for these games.
English breakfast tea ? It's just normal tea.
Half way through our Louvre visit and having a bite to eat at a cafe, and there’s a bloke at the next table eating a burger and licking his fingers after every bite - what l wouldn’t do for a big stick right now. @USER You’d think they’re be museum security specifically employed to prevent such nonsense.,.
Nyaa~! Daddy I can’t fit that it’s to big uwu~. you need help.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER Untill, the body tells you - "inner peace".
You need the book to tax it, explain to a guard and you should be grand, legally they can not take it, however dont be a prick or they might not believe you and cause you a bit of lost time. Only bought it yesterday though. On a Saturday so tax office would have been closed anyway.
Social Worker writes…‘the child wants to study psychology at A Level. Bearing in mind their mental state this is totally inappropriate.’ I give up ??‍♂️ At times I pity my profession. Luckily the young people are the ones that motivate me to keep doing this job. @USER what absolute crap! My daughter suffered mental health problems and self harmed all through teenage years. She is now an amazing support worker in a Forensic hospital and finishes her adult and #mentalhealth #nursing masters degree this year. #experience #understanding.
@USER Whatttt? Noooo! He’s so adorable ? @USER IKR?!!!  ?‍♂️.
May you have the money people often think you have ?? @USER Amen ?
@USER What a couple in films and what a cuple it would be in real life if married. @USER  @USER Nonsense.
Amitabh married Jaya out of his own volition on 3rd June 1973.
Do Anjane was released in 1976.
If only Rekha had some scruples...
Nothing better than a Sunday morning fry-up. Only question is… red sauce or brown?? ?? @USER U shouldn't need to ask that question it's brown ???
Usually in a car with 12 doors, all of which need to be slammed. Number of times that my son is woken by some prick who doesn't even live in our road (claims he is allowed to park there because his mum lives about 200 yards down the road and he has to leave his noisy diesel van there for safety reasons) is beyond belief. I have been out and had this out with him and he now parks outside some other poor saps house.
Labor was in government for six fucking years and didn't once think 'gee maybe we ought to do something about the giant glaring nepotistic media monopoly in this country'?
Nup. Nothin. No spine in government, no spine out of government. I think they'll win next time but I won't be voting for them. Greens #1 Senate only. Same for HOR if I vote for it. #1 Greens only. If that spoils the HOR ballot tough, change the laws. I will not rank trash. Yep, Labor is just as beholden to the coporations and Murdoch. They act progressive but maintain the status quo. Vote Greens on everything, they actually have policies on the issues and modelling showing how it can be achieved. Although don't they not count your vote if you don't rank at least 8 or something?
Soothing, calm voice. Get them to roll their eyes if you can. So touch their eyes and force them to roll, got it.
While our scientist are not excited to work on it, US has already patented it :   URL  
 URL. Sir, You can even get a patent for minor changes in Mickey Mouse, then this is a by-product of a cow, with a potential market for India. Why wouldn’t they do that?
URL 
Just need to time it properly! Just be careful not to wank the whole business away.
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER ?????? funniest thing I’ve read today ??????
In Canberra, fewer than normal. They must have been smoked out.
Some years, the flies are bad. Much fewer, too dry? Smoke was prob a factor too, I agree.
Whip out my dick and eat. What of it? Then claim to be a human right activist. Problem solved.
Propoganda it is ..!!!  URL  
They only have 76 followers and this profile was made in Oct 2019 PLUS see the tweets they are doing like the interview of Swara with Abp news (cropped so as to suit bjp narrative) ... 
I don't believe you should trust these Sites. I just saw few other tweets as well which are false including Rajdeep Sardesai's tweet.
Imagine being a kid and this happens. You’re delighted tbh. Til they find out there's a set amount of school dates in the year and they're gonna lose two weeks of holidays somewhere else.
@USER Tom Baker. @USER Good shout. He’s in.
Lucky that Queensland couple got some wine delivered to them while in quarantine on that ship, clearly it wasn't a serious situation. You got trolled. Never happened.
Niggas be acting like they never saw a thick girl before? @USER Thickness.
I think bhakts are seeing the change in Indian politics and will change sooner than you think. Yes I have seen many bhakts transform. They were just blindly following but some of them are very frustrated inside. They do understand Modis hypocrisy but are too afraid to admit because their own ego comes with it. 
But if one shows clear evidence they can change. I have changed the mind set of my entire family. And it's a big thing because I come from a joint family and two of my family members are in BJP (you can imagine the hate on me ;) 
I'm very happy to say but except two or three most agree with.
Checked my bank account and I think my wife and I are in dire straights.
I really hope she knows some of the chords. @USER An old guitar is all he can afford….
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER Hahahhahahahahahahhaahhahahahahahah.
.....who the fk orders drugs....... I mean I get Dexamphetamine delivered to my house by chemist warehouse but that's only because I forget to go in and they have my scripts anyway.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What's going to happen with the empty space on the left of photo (south of thr park)? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The park will sit within the wider Mayfield neighbourhood. Around the 6.5-acre park will be new homes, offices, retail and leisure space.
@USER One caveat. Most of the things Biden says are lies. @USER  @USER Well first of all you have to be educated to the extent that you can differentiate between, facts, opinion and total insanity! Your gullible and grossly misinformed there Vern!
@USER Good morning, Be Real. Regarding subtitles on Girls5Eva. We don't expect to have subtitle support anytime soon but we do hope to support all Peacock content in the future. Have a nice day. ^GS. @USER Thanks. That's really disappointing. I'm pretty astonished #subtitles (at least in the broadcast language) aren't standard for all TV in 2022.

Is  @USER not providing them or are your respective technologies not compatible?

#accessibility #deafawareness.
And then there were four

Clare v Kilkenny 

Galway v Limerick. @USER Only one really.
Wanna know something funny I have never had an award. Not a very innovative way to try and get one either.
I am a founder, I found you? @USER How can.
I’m probably the biggest critic of the Royal Navy despite spending 24 years in it. But the minister in Cork trying to cause offence is misguided.  I get that Ireland is a neutral state, but a visit doesn’t happen without state approval.    #HMSENTERPRISE. @USER As we say here, just a gobshite.
I pass this nearly every day.
Have you seen the one with Greta and Jeremy Clarkson? Omg yes, and the one of the Prince (Philip, Charles?).
@USER OMG ????? @USER Hahahaha my reaction everytime!
Was it supposed to be snake? Or does "sanke" mean something? It’s supposed to be snake. I saw the trend on Twitter.
@USER My beloved Mayo ?❤️. @USER It was pretty stunning today.
we are not at this point yet. Unless you live in an area which has had an infection, its not worth you start to panic yet. I mean, I live near MK, some of the quarantines are there, I'm still not panicking.
@USER Hot at home and iced if goin to starbucks. @USER Black or cream ?
Sorry if awkward, but does anyone else here masturbate to their classmates ? OkayJanu, for sure.
Currently stuck in Carlow. Guess I’m not going to work. People in Carlow have jobs?
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER ? I hear you.
@USER Just wait until people don’t hit on them ? @USER Lmfao I’m definitely muting all of it.
Check out the Honda Wrv. It is a superb car for its price. This will cost more than 10L for a decent petrol variant.
@USER Lovely. @USER Thank you Leila. None of it is my work! ??
@USER Odeio-a tanto. @USER Samesies.
Queen or Prince? @USER Prince.
Anyone who knows his bloody past would know how much of a statesman he is. It is highly unlikely that the countries around the world, with all the intelligence capabilities they have, aren't aware of Modi's past. All of them just Ignore everything, because India is a big country that imports a lot and would buy stuff from them. They will continue to look the other way, till we continue to buy stuff from them. The day we stop paying them to buy stuff, we will see many of them suddenly become concerned about the situation in India and will talk about re-establishing democracy.. Very accurate.
How they are still getting people on it is beyond me like there are only so many people in Ireland who would participate, HOW is it not the same people on it the whole time. I never watch it because it's shite, but I'd love to go on it. You're guaranteed to come away with €20,000 just for pressing a few buttons and spinning a wheel.
@USER It doesn't look like you. @USER ??
Why does who/what suck so badly? You left a very important part out of the title of this thread. Yes, it was supposed to be “why does news suck so badly”, but looks like I can’t edit it so...yeah.
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. Setting a good example. Congrats.
Got wasted Friday, still feeling rough today.
Did by a new bed though Sunday. Super King... now panicking the headboard won't make it up the stairs into the loft conversion. There's plenty of headroom for it to go 'straight up' as long as it pivots around the first point... wondering if I should go back to the shop but all I could maybe do is cancel within the first 24 hours.
Going to be a long day! PIVOT!
Goddamn leftist greenie terrorists are LITERALLY changing the seasons. What next? FFS. This is what happens when you don't rake the leaves.
Talking to NPCs (acquaintances). As an introvert i can agree with this.
#AirtelFibre #AirtelAcceptComplaint #Bhartiairtel #Airtel

Airtel Fibre network is down since 30+ hours. The customer care is not ready to accept complaint.
Every time we text/call/ email, they say that they are working with utmost priority. This is how they have zero complaints. #Airtel #Airtel5G #Airtel5GPlusLaunch #airtelplan #airtelweekendchallenge.
Oh yes. Thanks :).
I have a bidet so can ration toilet paper pretty well but I guess a lot of people can't :P I can understand why people might stock up on it if they're worried though, they'll eventually use it so not really a waste of money plus it's one of my worst nightmares to run out of toilet paper and I think I'm not alone in that fear. Bidet salespeople should be working overtime right now.
9/11. Sorry US brothers, but your government (like any other) is willing to sacrifice thousands of civilian lives to keep the war economy going. So did they do it or just let their guard down so it would happen?
Wasn't India the top team in the 40s-60s? > The Indian men's hockey team has climbed a rung to the fourth position, their highest since the inception of the FIH world rankings in 2003, in the recently released chart.
Guys new and doesn’t know our first language is english, probably that. Could be confusion over the EU Irish English thing ?
 URL.
Bet you can’t wait for them to put that bus lane in on the Tyne bridge. The logic of the council: too much traffic causing too much pollution, let’s make the queues bigger... oh my god I just googled that, I didn’t even know it was happening. That is a terrible idea!
Pretty sure that’s mine. I dropped one in nsw recently... please pm to return /s. Lol. Nice one.
Coronavirus is so obviously a biological weapon from the Chinese government and nobody is seriously talking about it. China has a long history of market and currency manipulation. Who could have possibly predicted that the media buzzing about a global pandemic would cause markets to crash as we move towards another election? But there was another Coronavirus in 2008.
@USER You obviously have an amazing daughter⭐️. @USER 2 suns and 3 daughters… all great Christina!
0800 double 0, ( fill in blank). Oh no...
Liz Truss says the chances of blackouts this winter are very slim &amp; there's nothing to worry about.

Buy candles, buy a fuck load of candles. @USER Does Matt Hancock's sister own a candle factory?
10w-30. How crude.
Be the change you want to see, don't just moan. Brainless comment.
wind power my arse. so....what you think this is false? Or you prefer burning stuff?
Way to fear monger, OP. What a dumb thing to post. You think doing a calculation from a public data set is fear mongering? Gimme a break. Go fight some real crime, would you?
I would force the homeless to fight to the death for the money, and then kill the winner to eat both of their corpses. This is the best response I could ever think of.
@USER Thank you so much! I truly feel so grateful for this! My heart is so delighted and I am not only happy but also extremely pleased, since this is an accomplishment of a milestone in my life. Thank you! @USER  @USER Congratulations ? Nehal.
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Rocky&amp;Bullwinkle.
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER sometimes, but i dont care, no one can judge others by tweets.
@USER Trump should be in jail! @USER  @USER Naw,hillary,biden,obama and fauchi.
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER  @USER just for the record: YOU ARE NO LEADER! Shame on you!
Legit question: if shit does hit the fan, can Muslim countries refuse to sell us oil? Or is our market just too big for that? We get most of our oil from Saudis and Iraq
Historically, has it ever happened? Market and also Muslim countries didn't say much about Xinjiang as well and didn't do much about rohingya genocide. 
The middle east is kinda like in a cold war like situation.
What’s for dinner? @USER After a busy day here it’s just a bowl of Golden Grahams chef.
If i was ordering, i'd stick a note up on my door to say to leave everything on the doorstep, knock and leave.
Hopefully anyone who is self isolating will not be so daft as to keep quiet and have actual contact with another person. Yeah... um... how's that policy of not supplying carrier bags with deliveries working out now, Tesco?
@USER  @USER What are your thoughts about  @USER wanting to grow game but then making the recent decision to lock out international subscribers from watching postseason games on @MLBTV? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I reckon !
Trump is addicted to amphetamines. I'm fairly certain he's on a Michael Jackson level prescription regime.  Sometimes he's slurring, sometimes he's fairly sharp, he's almost always kind of confused.  Might just be age related, but remember his doctor from before he was President, the long haired weirdo who had his files confiscated by a lawyer and two thugs?  ( URL )  And then Trump wanted "Dr. Feelgood" to head the VA?   URL 
Trump likes his pills.
Manmeet is strong but not rude Raj is funny but not a fool. Both are responsible and it is a mature love story. Outstanding episode 12 #SherdilShergill. @USER Loving the show. DD and surbhi are rocking. What a comic timing ?
Aside from tourists sitting in the priority season and ignoring me standing with a nine months pregnant belly, or the bus on New Year's with a bunch of young kids drinking who then started shouting "Let us off! Emergency!" while one of the boys vomited all over the bus floor, here's my favorite.
About a month ago I was leaving the GP with my daughter who was 4 months old and sick, so I had the pram with me to put her in if it started raining and she was strapped to my chest in the carrier because she needs a good cuddle when she's not feeling well. I get on the bus with my pram and go to sit down when the bus driver starts shouting at me that "all unoccupied prams must be folded and stored!!". He won't move the bus, and the pram doesn't really fold easily, not to mention how am I supposed to fold it down with a sick baby strapped to me?? I go to explain I can't fold it and the driver just keeps telling me "all unoccupied prams must be folded and stored!"
I had no choice, I pulled my daughter out of the carrier, apologized to the people around and let them know she was going to cry and put my now screaming sick baby into the pram and said "it's not unoccupied now."
If I could have held my screaming baba up to that man's ear like a seashell, I would have. I get that rules are rules, but it was kind of ridiculous. Bus driver sounds like he was on a power trip.
Schofield and Willoughby say they didn't jump queue when they did. @USER Jibbers.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. Lmao what idiots. Literally breaching the migration act by referencing visa outcomes.
I love having sex in public areas. The risk of getting caught makes it so much fun. Your favorite so far?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good Afternoon. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Sir Ji,

Very Very Good Afternoon To You Too Also ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
People think we’ve bough Forster, Bissouma and Perisic for £25m.

We haven’t. It’s £17m as we sold CCV for £8m. @USER We also need to move Ndombele winks lo Celso Regullion Rodon Bergwin Royal on also....
Decent fees for all...Lose our shirt on Ndombele.....Loan most likely there.....
Or they’ve never been to London. Or they’ve never been anywhere other than london.
London sucks. It really doesn’t. But what makes you feel that way.
Are they some sort of um, niche club or brothel? That could explain the $50/hr pre-checkin fee!
Me ;). Haha... stay the fuck away from me.
Every species in this world has a purpose and that purpose leads to balancing the environment, nurturing it for other species, making it a safer place...
Every species. Take ants. If ants were suddenly gone, a lot of rotting animals will stay there for longer, providing launchpads to infections. Vultures - same story. Even the fucking tiny bees are necessary. They pollinate.
Every species is useful for environment, and is needed for keeping the world livable.
Every species, except humans.
Think about it. But dont all species die out and new ones take their place eventually.?
Sometimes I think the purpose of humans is to accelerate the already occurring thing in nature .
But having said that , I agree we should tone it down a bit and do our part as individuals.
Why would anyone use this service given the drawbacks and huge charges? I'd imagine, like their old postfone thing they had its to fleece the grannies.
But it does reflect the cost of borrowing? So your money goes less far if you’re buying on credit? So they are advertising getting into massive debt...
Without telling your age, what song reminds you of your high school years? @USER Suite Judy blue eyes
CSN.
I dont know what I'd do without them. I suffer from extreme social anxiety so thinking about people with mental health illnesses having more of them is amazing. I do feel though for the cashiers who want a job or want to keep their job. I relate to this I hate the feeling of standing in line with someone with a cart behind and in front of me way rather just hit the self check out minimal interaction.
$250 give away to who leaves the most comments &amp;  $250  to whoever leaves the last comment ‼️
Ends in 3 days &amp; post must reach 5,000 comments to trigger this giveaway.....
Comment “ #apejet “  and teg your 2 friends. @USER Jay APEJET.
22/23 Premier League Predictions:

?Champions: 
?Rock bottom: 
?Biggest overachievers: 
?Biggest underachievers: 
⚽️Top scorer:
?Most assists:. @USER Liverpool
Fulham
Forest
Leicester city
Haaland
Cancelo.
It's Sunday. It's always carnage. but it normally  doesnt look like, some has set up an illegal pitch at a market, trying to flog something that fell off the back of a truck.
Yet strangely the seas are not rising in Sydney Harbour. or anywhere else including the Maldives  URL , this headline is a scaremongering farce.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. The fact it blew up as a meme made so that now more people know that he didn't kill himself.
@USER Same tweet reverse lo oka ammayi veste, Appudu em cheyaali ? @USER  @USER Go girl anali.
@USER  @USER ? @USER  @USER Renewals now.
Who would have thought that the humble Henry Hoover would be responsible for our planets interplanetary diplomacy!? Henry Numatic.
I don’t follow AFL, (as well as soccer or rugby or union or any other ball sport).
I wouldn’t know half the teams in the league. I don’t care who wins or loses. I hate how it takes up half the newspaper on a Monday, and was excited for electronic news- so I can skip past it. 
I wouldn’t recognise a single player, and never watch or listen to a game. Actually I don’t think a sporting game has ever been watched by either myself or my kids in our house. 
We play sport, we are all good at sport and all games but don’t care to watch others play it. I've never watched a football game in my life. Used to play touch footie though.
I like watching tennis.
@USER Father, you didn’t hurt my feelings, you insulted my intelligence. Pax. @USER I am sorry for insulting your intelligence. I wish you well.
What you mean? All the shits and worms from my Ganga snan is not enough to protect me?!  O_o. Some parts of ganga are more raw sewage than river water, nothing is gonna get purified.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aren't they beautiful. xx. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aren't they just Jo? ?️??xx.
What sort of Missus are you looking to replace her with? LOL! She's priceless, though she may not say the same about me.
First day of pax is over. Ive met up with so many amazing friends. Had the most amazing night out with them. Cannot wait for day 2 and alot more fun! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️.
Craig James killed 5 hookers while he was at SMU. What's SMU and who's Craig James?
@USER Gm gm. @USER GM GM.
@USER Really worrying seeing how long people have been waiting for their luggage. I'm quite concerned about mine now. It was taken by mistake by another passenger with an identical case but if they're trying to contact you to get it back to me it will be impossible. @USER Absolutely no one seems to work in customer service. Agents on here tell me to call the baggage number but no one is ever available.
Do men still cook &amp;wash the dishes???? @USER Mine does, thank goodness ?.
It doesn’t feel like it here in Tassie... Was going to say; Hobartian's would disagree lol. We had maybe 2 good weeks during Christmas?
What do you do for stress relief ? @USER  @USER 21 deep breaths in and out.
Lmao. Too bad the person she was tweeting is a nutcase.
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER Congratulations.
I love to-do lists. I feel a little bit more accomplished every time I tick something off. I even added a friend’s errand so she would finally do it if I nudged her enough. ? @USER We seem to  live by lists Emma lol? always more to add.
@USER OMG NO WAY !!! @USER wat??
Jason Momoa, i'm straight but if i had to, that guy could tear me up. Ouch your butt.
@USER First check if how many subsidiary co they have. Most of MNC have cent percent subsidiary co and all new business goes there in many such cases. @USER True.
@USER  @USER Thinking SNP need to announce and call out these obvious slurs. How many Conservative MPs are under investigation, the ones that are public, l've honestly lost count. @USER  @USER  @USER I think 56.
We need more hydro. I mean look at all of the opportunities to relieve flooding, control levels and generate power at the same time. Yeah but stopping sediment delivery downstream is bad news for coastal deltas and can lead to subsidence. Also disastrous for fish.
@USER Le niveau anglais ainsi que la faune et la flore la plus violente recenser sue terre. @USER Je suis aller en nz avec un niveau 0 et j’en suis ressorti quasi bilingue, c’est justement le but

Faune et flore fait être au courant je peux pas nier ça, mais historiquement les mort/problème sont ultra rare maintenant.
Don't get Chick-Fil-A often since it's a ways away from where I live and work, but I had a guy Thursday night steal my chicken sandwich as I was walking back to the bus stop.  I would have hit him if I could have caught him. Don't mess with my chicken.  As Joey on Friends said, "Joey doesn't share food."  I don't share chicken.
Happy Birthday to pyaare redditors :* u/rorschach34 u/gumnaamflautist. Aur mai?
@USER Never seen the Undertones in Ireland but been there! Loved it. @USER Incredible place, Michael. It tipped  down with rain as we left. Lucky to get it in sunshine.
Loving these meta posts. Came here to say this, really rather enjoyable.
@USER  @USER  @USER I very much hope for a signed copy. @USER  @USER  @USER Buy one and happy to do so !
@USER Just think you’re off work and he’s still working and was probably up at 4 am to do the milking all so you can have food &amp; milk in your house. ? ? ? @USER  @USER Well put!
@USER gand fatati h bhai koi sunny bola toh..Chennai things. @USER Chennai ka hoga but yaha 4 din baad Suraj nikla hai ?
Still dodging Covid. Touch wood. I feel so bloody lucky. @USER I got it. I attended a thing with a lot of people and felt invincible but of course I wasn't.

It hasn't been as bad as I expected, still nasty though.

Keep avoiding it!!
@USER Oh hopefully that’s true. Flying to Spain in the 30th. @USER Search SNCTA on here ?
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Yeah where was summer in the metro areas... Oh right there wasn't ?
The play out music is ??? @USER Good morning beautiful.
"Sometimes you change the subject, and sometimes the subject changes you." —@TimothyDSnyder. @USER  @USER Common thing when we friends meet ?
Resulting riots in carlow have caused literally dozens of euros in damage. It will take Michael weeks of dole payments to replace the broken window on his 2004 Toyota.
@USER I got some cool ones in Matalan (cream with black stars), &amp; Peacocks, (sloths) ? @USER  @USER Sloths? I NEED some of those.
Sad to see.
I have to wonder how the likes of C31 would fare as Youtube or even Twitch streams these days.  Is there any estimate of audiences for the community stations? C31 often has up to 180,000 viewers. More than sky news does country wide.
They also livestream on line.
@USER ? Tell him, weird is cool!!! From all of us here in Twitter world. @USER I will tell him ? thank you.
भारत के तीन महापुरुष  दुनिया में सदैव याद जायेंगे 
1 गौतमबुद्ध - ध्यान के लिए।
2 अम्बेडकर - ज्ञान के।
3 कलाम - विज्ञान के  लिए ।
#जय_भीम_जय_संविधान_जय_विज्ञान. @USER कृष्ण से बड़ा किसी का ध्यान नहीं,विवेकानंद जैसा ज्ञान नहीं और वेदों जैसा विज्ञान नहीं।.
Which town is it really, and school? If your referring to the school in the east of ireland that the news is reporting on then it's Scoil Catriona on mobhi road in dublin.
Susannah Wise -  URL 
If you take a screen shot of a persons face and use Bing image search it can usually tell you who it is. I completely forgot I could do that; would've saved me hours of headache! ? Also: Thank you!
@USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations! What a fab project! @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Tracy! ??
Don't drink a lot of alcohol, don't smoke, lose weight, play the didgeridoo, sleep on your side or stomach. Rolf?
Dude, more than half of this country is finding and struggling with their relationships.
You like her, ask her out.
Maybe she likes you and reciprocates the same.
Maybe she doesn't like you that much and it will let her know you better.
Maybe you think she is different than you imagined.
Your thinking and opinions change over time.
I say, ask her out..
And about the age difference, it's hardly four years. It's upto both of you to decide.
If you're both comfortable, Go ahead and cruise through the long term. Thank you so much for the comment and advice. I am most likely overthinking this.
It's not fair to their staff. Jesus Christ how can they be so stupid? I work for a company which a year ago was facing bankruptcy. A venture capital firm showed up, bought the company and within 2 months had fired or made redundant about 30% of global staff.
Largely due to the restructuring efforts and changes in who the company chooses to sell to, a year later the company is now profitable and hiring more staff.
Was it the wrong thing to do to carry out the redundancies in that case? Or would it have been "fairer" to the staff and investors to have the company go bankrupt and everyone lose their jobs?
@USER 99p for handling ?? @USER Can get brass cheaper than that up north.
Wake the fuck up Australia, you're getting robbed. > Wake the fuck up Australia, ~~you're getting~~ you have been robbed.
FTFY.
He lost the popular vote, he was only elected by 60m votes in a country with 320m people. So he got less than 20% of the "people" to vote for him. Luckily the electoral system is shit so he won. This is a very misleading comment. Trump got 63m votes, but Hillary only got 65m votes. On top of that, not all 320m are eligible for voting, because a large percentage are under 18, non-naturalized  immigrants, or felons.
People are now justifying "Goli Maro" shouting at Metro Station. What's their excuse this time?
I make my living gigging around the country, a little fearful gigs will be cancelled now... Same here. Literally visiting every corner of the country in the next 2 weeks and they will all be large gatherings.
We know it's tough for Musicians! You simply don't get paid enough for the art you make.

If it was up to you. How would you modify the music industry? @USER  @USER Make streams pay properly.
The rain event forecast for the next few days should ensure it’s all out. Hopefully fill the dams up too! that would be a wonderful thing indeed!
@USER ???????? I love you big brother. ? @USER Love you More Sister ❤️❤️.
I'm always in surprised to find muslims in the BJP at the first place. Despite the kind of venom spread by the parties top leadership. There are many one in the ministry of minority affairs(Naqvi), another is national Spokesperson(Ansari), and there is another who was discriminated against at a rally in Delhi Rally on 22 December(Ilmi).
@USER  @USER Well done Réada, good stuff today. @USER  @USER Sorry I didn't see you Enda. Thanks a million for coming.
You should be able to appeal the decision considering your term didn't start until the 6th. There are a lot of foreign students at my university who weren't here until the end of September because out term didn't start until then. 
Maybe try posting on r/legaladviceUK they might have more insight. 
Hope it works out for you. I will try thank you.
@USER Housing all the uncontrolled clinical risk in one place harms patients and clinicians. @USER It’s very convenient for everyone else though.
Christianity
EDIT: idk why there is so much hate but just saying i have been a christian my whole life. So christianity is the only fake religion and all the ones ones are right? My rebuttle to your comment is “Islam”.
There is a call for a total boycott of a community. It is made publicly by a BJP Member of Parliament. 

But Modi Ji is silent. As always. 

And everyone is quiet. The media barely speaks up nowadays. Radio silence. 

Tragic state of affairs in India. @USER Time to leave India &amp; go to a place where there is not so much sadness in state affairs !! What say sir ??
@USER Clare were lucky today. The subs made a big impact. Too many times Clare didn't get the rub of the green but had it today. A good situation for Clare as that game will have grounded them prior to KK semi. @USER Couldn't agree more. Even during the game for large stretches, they'd no luck. Two of Wexford's goals were free outs for instance. But they kept their heads which is great to see. They'll be sharper for it the next day.
@USER Maybe he trying to attract you like this way..? @USER Why should I be attracted to him after scolding me?? I blocked him.
What's going on is probably you look like a scruffy motherfucker.
Wait, I checked your post history:
>Charged with Dangerous Drugs Possession
Well there we go then. Bullshit charge or not you're on a list boyo. You're probably on the money.
According to new polling, Americans think Biden’s student-loan bailout is unfair by a margin of 59% to 32%. @USER Who did the polling?
Tinder - People are mostly looking for casual relationships and are very out there about wanting to hookup. Because of how famous it is, it attracts all sorts of crowd. Personally I thought it had a creepy vibe.... more scope of getting pervy messages. I would be a little careful here.
Hinge - Hinge is the most favored one, the crowd is fairly decent. The platform itself encourages open discussions and keeps the conversation fun and engaging. Men on hinge are better at conversations and it has less creepy vibe. Though they are good I didn't find many guys who were looking for "marriage" they were open to dating, meeting and taking it from there. Hinge felt like a safe space to talk to cute guys and work on your dating skills, and you do end up meeting cool people.
Matrimony sites - Shaadi.com involves creating an extensive profile with lots of details. It allows you to restrict your search related to caste, religion, veg - non veg, smoking drinking etc. The agenda is very clear so everyone on that site knows they are looking for a life partner... conversations are more honest and open... Though there will be lots of people who will reach out to you , dont be surprised if some guy's mom or brother reach out. Have clear boundaries about how much you want to engage, and set the expectations from the get go. There are some good guys there, but you gotta keep looking!
Overall - Have an open attitude, meet people , talk to them and be safe! There's a ton of useful info in your post! Thank you so much!
@USER Our older sibling barely got off the sofa to say hello to the returning gaeilgeoir. @USER  @USER Great cake.
Exactly my point in another sub. If someone said smearing baked beans on your naked body prevents the coronavirus, guess what? Sold out. Maybe that is the case. I went shopping and half the beans had already been bought already.
@USER Why does Monica look like she could have joined B*witched? @USER Some people say I look like me dad.
PC. Oh so you wanna go there.
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. That's great! Congratulations! 
Gives me hope TBH!
@USER How long did that take mate? Home next month and want to do a few climbs with the kids. Did Diamond Hill 3 years ago easy enough but there older now. @USER Up and down in 3 hours but that was going at the pace of the slowest in the group....you'd want to be reasonably fit as it's steep enough in places.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER Miles out.
Retype EVERY PARTY.
my party would b called OHPIG.
only honest party in GOV.
Andrew Thorburn bigot must be fired 

Haneen Zreika must be respected for her religion

Care to explain this to me? @USER Christianity sucks??????
Just now  @USER a man came up to me &amp; asked if I was Rachel V. I told him I am &amp; he said my husband &amp; I are shitbags &amp; walked away.

This has NEVER happened to my far more recognizable husband &amp; that is the difference between the way people think they can treat women. @USER  @USER  @USER He's the shitbag!
Hii

Good morning ❤️? @USER Mere pss masg karo..!
The reason why is because "Britannia Rules" the waves, and Brexiters want to believe it that way. Indeed, god bless 'em! Killybegs by volume & value is largest fishing port in IRE. Brussels better not throw us under the bus on this front.
Related aspect re Irish territorial waters that keeps surfacing on back of Brexit-
Let's look a decade out when a UI will likely be dealing directly with an independent Scotland. Despite my own musings on the topic, Rockall is clearly in Scottish waters. Salient aspect is the potential gas/oil/mineral reserves immediately due south in Irish waters...this could get very messy!
who the fuck lets this shit happen? what the fuck is wrong with the people in charge of this country? nature is one of our most valuable assets and they seem to want to fuck everyone out of it for a quick buck now. disgraceful. The middle management who are the liberal party don’t know or care about science or even common sense.
PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.
Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons: 


Rule 3: You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".


Rule 3: Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.


Rule 1: You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  The question must be a full sentence.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".


If you have any queries or concerns, please feel free to contact the mods. Thank you.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns. Fuck off.
@USER  @USER  @USER Allah razı olsun kardeşim. Rabbim birliğimizi daim eylesin. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Lovely ????
What is everyone giving for 50th Birthday Party pressies? Money? €50 in a card? @USER I got vouchers for shops and for the Bluebook hotels… had great fun spending them although I still have a few left due to the pandemic… all still redeemable thankfully ?
@USER  @USER I just read your tweet to my husband &amp; he said 
"YEP, he's just an all round F***k Wit" ???? @USER  @USER ?? intelligent man you’ve got there ???
The NFL manipulates it’s games just enough in order to get the best product out of their season because they are a business with billions of dollars on the line. This is just a fact?
This fellows face pisse’s me off so much.
Edit: ‘. '.
@USER Stopeeet. @USER But did I lie???
I'm American. I would definitely go running out there and confront him one morning. Sometimes it makes it worse but sometimes it ends it. It makes you look kind of crazy but that can work to your advantage. I'm in one of those places where I might end up with a brick through my window, you know, England.
I work in the industry, whoever gets to run these buses is going to be insanely rich. 
The first thing that will suffer is hygiene. It will be a good friend of the LNP.
@USER Racist Traitor. @USER  @USER Come on then, Laura seeing you and your fascist ilk have done nothing for the veterans, for the last decade, why the false interest now?
A Hindu Rashtra India will probably last 10 years before fragmenting. 
Even Islam, which is a lot more homogeneous than Hinduism (one prophet, one book, one set of beliefs) could not keep Pakistan in one piece. Eventually the ethnic differences between Bengalis and Punjabis proved too much.
Hinduism has a lot more heterogeneity, and it is impossible to implement a cow belt version of Hindu doctrine across the length and breadth of the country. It is only the Unity in Diversity approach, which necessarily implies secularism that has kept this country not only alive but also thriving - at least upto now.
The ultimate irony will be if history judges Modi, Shah, Ajay and Kapil Mishra to be the actual tukde tukde gang. Heck even right now, Pakistan is basically a constant fight between Punjabis and Sindhis, with Baluchis reduced to second grade citizens and Pashtuns lumped with Afghanis.
We are a loooong way off from worst-case scenario. Best thing to do is wash hands incessantly, avoid touching the face, avoid big crowds and keep on keeping on. Postpone Italy vacations. Imo panic is more dangerous than corona as it stands. A long way off? Looks pretty grim. Every effort to contain has failed and lots of people will die.
Seriously what is a pasta tea bag? You know what they are.
@USER ?
Most peaceful people on the planet. @USER As long as no one messes with us, leave us in peace.
? I will never become full on vegetarian/vegan, BUT the more I expand my knowledge on improving nutrition &amp; overall health, the better that approach looks. As I dive more into health challenges that are prevalent within my family &amp; friends (heart disease, auto immune diseases, neurological diseases), research points to improving food choices for better nutrient density.
Who do you think should sing the next #JamesBond  @USER title song? @USER  @USER @thearmed.
Philadelphia is where it's at, we're gay af. Baltimore too. Come on over and be gay with us.
Pasta pillows, yes. Pasta cushions even because of the frilly edge. 
But pasta teabags? No. Yeah that implies that you dip them in the water and then bin them before drinking your slightly pasta flavoured water.
@USER Can't it be claimed on insurance then they chase the money   ? @USER  @USER Insurance companies don’t cover drunks. As soon as you get behind a wheel with too much alcohol on board your insurance is null &amp; void.
So freaking frustrating. P. @USER What is Sooner Leesa?
@USER Congratulations! @USER Thank you.
What type of woman is Carrie Symonds? @USER She's a social climbing slapper.
Bearer Party, to the pub - quick march. Bearer Party, lift tankard. Bearer party, down beer. You’ve earned it. @USER I thought you hated the Royal Family !
So close to 9ct. I kept dropping it on the scales hoping somehow it would tip over but it didn't :-(.
my mom made me watch i spit on your grave (the first one) when i was 7-9. shit was traumatizing. a 7-9 year old watching a woman got raped even though it was acting. What the actual fuck?!?
مچوم‌تویت های مره کسی میبینه یانه؟
اگر دیدید یگان ریتویت بزنید مطمئین شوم
#StopHazaraGenocide. @USER We can't retwitt you 
It's lock.
Best Film About Drugs?? @USER Trainspotting

Watching this film at a very young age, I was never interested in trying drugs growing up. So glad I watched it! ?
As for Suzanna Reid, well here and waiting ? Oh gosh I absolutely love susanna, I genuinely admire her for her patience with piers sometimes, honestly she must have the patience of a Saint to be on gmb. I'd aspire to be her one day, genuinely.
Does TikTok not count here? Im not too familiar with tiktok, can you make revenue?
That means nothing. Yeah, it's pretty much the norm for all really rich people (politicians included) to send their kids to study in these kinds of universities and it isn't just one political party that does it.
Whatever the cork management decide blooding a spine of Connolly at 14 and Joyce at 6 Downey at 3 will benefit Cork hugely in the long run all players under 21 while Galway in opposite position had Burke Mannion and Cooney all seasoned players from Michael donoghues time. @USER Forget about it, Cork are a useless shambles of a group.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Started as a block of Duke of Edinburgh  stuff. Volunteering I think.

Now there's a whole range of reasons. I think most of all I find it intellectually stimulating and challenging, interspersed with some great moments, memories and bonds.
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER The Catholic Church.
Date a guy and he’ll start acting like a kid around you. @USER Mommy issues.
(Unpopular opinion, though I do hope it's not taken too close to heart) We, both as Northerners and Southerns, need to stop romanticising people like this if we are to seriously develop as 2 countries who can look back on history and not have a miniature verbal civil war. We don't want to develop as two countries.
I remember an episode where someone stabbed someone through one of those vented wardrobe door things like this and it shit me up so badly I couldn't go near the one at my Nan's. Ive seen them all, dont recall that one to be honest? :P You sure you wernt watching Halloween?
Hi Guys, your proactive AFP here.
We’re right onto this latest development and after a long and comprehensive investigation we have determined that no one has done anything wrong.
If by some chance it turns out that someone has been a bit naughty, it was no doubt a scumbag journalist or the Labor party.
Always happy to help and if you have any questions, just pop them on notice. > We’re right onto this latest development and after a long and comprehensive investigation where we interviewed no one who was involved, we have determined that no one has done anything wrong.
FTFY.
They are aren't they? I always see on alcohol ads "always drink responsibly.". yeah like heinekens ads are literally all about not drinking and driving.
@USER Best of luck Massimo, hope it goes smoothly. @USER  @USER Best wishes for a successful operation and a speedy and comfortable recovery .
@USER I got these honey wax crayons on Amazon.  Let me check it and dm you. @USER Thanks man.. Got it.. I appreciate it.
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. A way back now they privatised all the Centrelink job agencies and the whole thing just became a scam / rort.
I had a similar situation over a decade ago and it was so infuriating having such agencies actively make finding work more difficult for private profits.
The Brave Little Toaster™. Agree.
Everytime the typical vegetarian tries to guilt trip me about my food choices, I point out that the dairy industry is just as brutal and has a similar carbon footprint. I ask them to stop eating milk, dairy, ice cream and chocolates. That shuts them up. You are right. But instead of asking them to go vegan, best to start with yourself :).
Y'all can't cope with the fact that not everyone in the world supports Western liberalism. That's not even the issue though, it's the fact that someone feels entitled to the understanding and empathy of others without having an open mind themselves.
It's hard to have a discussion when someone is so convinced that they are in the right they are blinded to even listening to everyone else. Nobody is 100% right. Not this guy, not Western liberalism, not any of us. So we could all do a better job at keeping our egos in check and listening to what someone has to say.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER More than a million on the streets of London sounds a lot. But to put it into context more people were on the streets of London this year for both the Notting Hill Carnival and Gay Pride. They planned for more, we were expecting more, they just didn't come.
What an evil little tool. In the article they said his lawyer is claiming his behaviour wasn't entirely his fault because of his autism...I'm autistic and cannot stand that kind of language, he decided to rape and murder her because he wanted to, that's all there is to it. > I'm autistic and cannot stand that kind of language, he decided to rape and murder her because he wanted to, that's all there is to it.
I totally agree with you.
They should get over it, since they’re not in highschool anymore, and can no longer compete in highschool track. They missed their chance and should move on. Is there anyway to run as a sport in college or beyond?
@USER Same tweet reverse lo oka ammayi veste, Appudu em cheyaali ? @USER  @USER Go girl anali.
@USER Great picture. @USER Thanks Helen.
Who would have thought that the humble Henry Hoover would be responsible for our planets interplanetary diplomacy!? Henry Numatic.
Liked one tonight at the home deck. Thought Zarem was ready to win. Wish I saw the $10! @USER 28 percent deductions.
If your Twitter Crush said “Ima be in your area a couple hours away, can you come and let me take you on a date?” Not a link, a legit date. Would you go? Or no? Are you scared? @USER I would and have. Met some cool ppl in the process.
Rice looks a bit overcooked or is it broken rice? Rice is overcooked :).
@USER That’s not tea ! It’s warm milk !!  Ahhhh Dee ? @USER  @USER They're are people doing time in Portlaoise for far less.
Lights it up. This. Source - me. Tried one in Yaxley, Cambs.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Not in Melbourne.
Idk, i can't help, maybe call someone to help but i suck at help them. Maybe u could just use your arm and wrap it around the bullys neck and pull him down then beat the crap out of him.
Officials are relying on Whatsapp and other private messaging apps for daily information exchange.   Even the sensitive ones.
Given the nature of these apps , sending highly sensitive information is very risky, 
So govt want to design a similar platform for its officials aiming at  security and keeping the data with in india. 
WhatsApp and other messengers store data in their own deta centers which are not often situated in india. 
Givin the techical literacy of many official,  third party apps are  too risky to transfer sensitive information. Well, that argument doesn’t make sense.
Just what is going to stop someone from hacking this service?
Or if it’s a private firm, just hack the private firm?
In contrast WhatsApp and signal are used by billions everyday, are regularly tested for bugs and breaches by a huge number of cyber security experts.
How precisely will this solution actually be safer, or as feature rich as any other product on the market?
And why the heck are we blowing money on this when we have a whole economy up in flames?
Before the usual suspects mock #JoeBiden for falling off his bike, remember that if #DonaldTrump fell over he'd never be able to get up again. @USER That is true…we saw him attempt a ramp ?
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER You need to delete this and take another take or two mate...All this just proves you are just as worried as the union, because you are trying too hard to defend!
This reminded me of a story my dad told me when I was younger. My dad and uncles owned an Asian grocery store, one with fruit, veggies and a butcher in the back. One day (some time in the 90's) a guy goes up to the front counter where my aunt was, pulled a knife on her and tells her to give him all the cash. Naturally, she starts screaming at the top of her lungs. So my uncles in the back start running out with giant cleavers. The guy freaks and starts running. My dad was closest to the front of the store, runs out grabbing a durian and hurls it at the guy.
So yeah, don't mess with Asian grocery stores if you don't want to get maimed! Durians kill people in Asia, never walk in a durian area at night as that’s when they fall out of trees when ripe. Also holy shit did your dad throw the durian at him and got him?thay shit would hurt.
imagine being so fragile that the thumbs up emoji fucks you up

at least i have real problems. @USER  @USER I'm listening.
मनपसंद शक्स की कमी कोई नहीं पूरी कर सकता
दुनिया की कोई ऐसी ताक़त नहीं है.. जो कर सके।
#pransprady #pradumnupadhyay #kb3. @USER मेरे कहने का अर्थ है की सोच ही एक ऐसा माध्यम है जिसके जरिये आपकी ये कमी पूरी हों सकती है.
@USER Enjoy your evening sweetie?❤️
Have fun and safe. @USER Thanks Hoan ❤️❤️❤️.
What do you propose he should do? I’m a fan of letting the coronavirus run rampant in the elderly community, they want a return to the good ol’ days, nothing will bring them closer to that period than rampant pathogens.
Have you tried just doing your actual TAFE work while at TAFE and leaving the video games for when you get home? .. can't do what's already done during class time. If you need your lunch break to work, I'm concerned for your success. ;x.
@USER Campaign intern needs to watch Schoolhouse Rock &amp; learn who signs bills into law. @USER  @USER You need to do research on the Missouri law. It was passed by a GOP super majority and signed by a GOP  governor even though it could not be implemented at the time.  Unconstitutional. 
It had provisions if the SC ever overturned Roe it could be implemented.
Can we expect Indians to start getting tested by government soon? Unlikely.
It's sad that these people died.
But I think it's inappropriate to romanticise them, as often happens.  Some of them were linked to particularly horrible attrocities against civilians.
They weren't in my view political prisoners any more than the UDA or UVF were. +1!
Yellow? If your pastry is green, I'd send it back.
Went grocery shopping at Woolworths today and all the shelves were well stocked. Might depend on your area or could just be Aldi not wanting to pay Sunday rates to restock the shelves. I went to Coles and they had everything except hand sanitizer (panadol was low too). I didn't want it myself but was curious if it was still in stock. I personally think people should keep two weeks of food and water for any emergency at all times but mostly people don't until there's potentially an issue then all go out at once to buy shit. So expect people to start buying up soon.
Epstein didn’t kill him self, and how the Coronavirus magically trounced the Hong Kong protests. Yes I'm sure China decimated its entire country and economy to temporarily remove HK out of the news cycle (after the media had mostly gotten over it anyway).
Many interesting things in this map.


Surprising to see Spain and Italy having better life expectancy than Germany and US. 


Chile and Iran performance looks amazing when you take into account the performance of its neighbours. 


Given its GDP, unexpected to see south Africa doing so bad :(


Japan is incredible. Doesn't South Africa have a high HIV population.
No need for a leaving cert in a post corona economy. There’s no college course for killing your neighbor and raiding his freezer. Bold of you to assume there will be electricity in the post Corona world.
English breakfast tea ? It's just normal tea.
DEAR MEDIA: Please devote EQUAL time to Raphael Warnock as you are giving to Herschel Walker. You're giving Walker all the free coverage you gave trump back in 2016. STOP IT.

DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKES. @USER Imagine being this fake.
@USER Good morning 
   Forgetfulness ?☕️
Have a lovely Thursday ?? @USER Thank you Gary.?
Check out the Honda Wrv. It is a superb car for its price. This will cost more than 10L for a decent petrol variant.
If you think how Italy went from under 10 confirmed cases up to over 1700 confirmed cases in the space of 10 days its probably not ridiculous of anyone on this sub to atleast buy the essentials needed in a practical sense. Buying products that have no expiry date and can be used regardless of the eventualities of this virus.
My list
Gas for cooking. 
Cooking oil
Toilet roll. 
Bottled water or one of those purifier yokes to improve the tap water. 
Any medicine needed/ask doctor for a few scripts
Hand sanitiser
Any foodstuff you like to eat with a long expiry date, not fucking bread or milk. You realize that it didn't spread from 10 to 1700 in 10 days right? That's just how much testing they did in 10 days.
This is the first time I've ever seen Deed Poll written down. For 21 years of my life I've quitely and unsurely muttered 'Deepoll' whenever it's cropped up in conversation. r/boneappletea.
@USER So cool!! @USER If you ever get a chance Australia would love to have you ❤️??
Avatar: the last airbender. I came here to say this.
Lol. They said they will demand resignation of HM. 
Aiming for the stars I guess. "Aim for the stars and you will reach the tree top.".
Why is the HSE so incompetent? My girlfriends mam works in a school and they have a student coming back from a trip to Italy.
They got advice from the HSE who told them if she feels fine just let her attend classes. Are they actually that incompetent? What are they supposed to do?
Realistically they can't close everywhere.
People still need to go to work to get paid.
We still need medication and foods.
Susannah Wise -  URL 
If you take a screen shot of a persons face and use Bing image search it can usually tell you who it is. I completely forgot I could do that; would've saved me hours of headache! ? Also: Thank you!
I live just above coles and have never seen so many empty shelves in last 4 years. I don't understand why stockpile ? If govt announces a lockdown then are grocery stores going to close too? If we enter Wuhan lockdown conditions, you won't be leaving your apartment for 2 weeks.
Let's hope it doesn't come to that.
@USER  @USER But will Bill Bailey rock this same show in the snow though? ? @USER  @USER Yes but with harder nipples.
It a a good thing he is spending all this money in wedding.
Read it as, Politician infuses Rs. 500 crore in local economy.
It will create lot of job and employment.
Edit: it is a light hearted fun comment. Ahh yes the trickle-down economics. If you feed enough oats to a horse, it would eventually shit enough undigested oats to feed the birds.
Jupiter gonna be wondering where the fuck all these random Irish parcels are coming from. If Jupiter was going to turn into a sun, that would have happened a long time ago. I mean, even The Year We Make Contact was like ten years ago.
PS: And you know what that means too, right? It means, go ahead, land on Europa. Knock yourself out.
Have you been to the Far East or Northern Italy for eg. ? If not then probably statistically low risk. Frankly though if I were one of your clients I wouldn’t thank you for turning up with a stinking cold or standard flu either. Yeah, I think I might cancel, I'm pretty sure I know who I picked this up off as well, and on the phone they told me they were under the weather, and I was like "we should cancel our meeting then, and you should get some rest and we'll meet when you're 100%", but then they were insistent they were okay and we should still meet, and I was reluctantly like "okay", and they turned up and they clearly weren't okay.
Not gonna lie, I'm a bit pissed off at them, so yeah, don't want to be that person!
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Yeah, Pretty much. I feel like here in Brissy we get Summer, Summer, Autumn, Spring. There's that rainier period, and that windy period, and the month where you can actually wear jeans during the day, but otherwise it's thongs, shorts and a singlet.
Black eye, bruised ribs( i think a few probably were broken but this was years ago so I’m not exactly sure), bloody nose and a twisted ankle. Wow I’m so sorry that happened to you and I hope that you are fine now.
Are you on WhatsApp ...? @USER Yes baby girl ?
in your defence they’ve also highlighted a bunch of islands that are not great britain. just a bit of a mess of a graphics job. At least they didn't include the Isle of Man.
What does this mean? Can somebody ELI5 to somebody who has literally no idea how this affects me? The RBA lends money to other banks who then lend money to you and I. For the last six months or so, it's at an interest rate of 0.75%, and so a bank might charge you say 2.75% for a loan.
Because our econmical outcome is looking worse and worse and the government isn't or can't do anything about it, the RBA has decided to lower the interest rate to 0.5%. This in turn is suppose to force your bank to lower your interest rate to 2.5% and you then use that extra 0.25% to go out and spend or invest it to try to stimulate the economy.
>how this affects me?
Unless you have a mortgage or a bank loan, you're not really going to feel the impact immediately and even then, that's if the banks pass the rate cut.
Using GEICO. What's that?
If i have to guess, Infosys, TCS or Wipro. All three have offices in dubai in knowledge city, along with 7 other indian firms that i know off ( plus mine ). No way to be sure.
BTw...we got an internal memo last week prohibiting any traval ( unless absolutely required ) via transit hubs like BK, Dubai, KL or SG.
Bag Of Shite Index: 

1 Alan King is a tit and not a useful one ?
2 They seek good ground here,
they seek good ground there,
those jockeys seek good ground  everywhere ?
3 Aussie Sprinters ???
4 Hurricane Lame ?
5 Alfred Munnings ? @USER 6. Wexford Hurlers.
That must have been the easiest job in the world, digging up dirt on Bronwyn and Ley. The dirt pretty much dug itself out of the ground for those two. Seriously.
Talk about a non-story.
@USER Two in one arm! You are a trooper! I got one in each : ) Hope you feel great! Looks like a great day! Dan. @USER I’d rather have one sore arm than two.
Spine chilling visuals of Islamists attacking Hindus in Mominpore, West Bengal  are being reported.

Bikes &amp; Shops of Hindus in Maila Depot, where they celebrated their festival were attacked and vandalised.

Involvement of TMC leaders and their aides is also suspected. ++. @USER It is not that serious. We are use to such in port areas of Kolkata.
Clashes will be resolved in a friendly way.
Still dodging Covid. Touch wood. I feel so bloody lucky. @USER I got it. I attended a thing with a lot of people and felt invincible but of course I wasn't.

It hasn't been as bad as I expected, still nasty though.

Keep avoiding it!!
These linked post jokes are getting old. Enjoy a down vote PAL.
Stupid thing is that the major brands of toilet paper are made in Australia.
Check if they have hand sanitiser. I was trying to google this earlier, wondering if the issue was import controls from Chinese paper; thanks for confirming!
fuck your zodiac sign what pokémon do you start with. @USER If we talking OG starts, I got my squirtle squad!
@USER 90% growth in tractors segment compared to 2019. Rural economy bouncing back? @USER  @USER Unfortunately 50% of tractors  endup at construction sites or as garbage pickup.
Berlin. Stung by a bee. One star. Mosquito just bit me in the same place as my bee sting if you wanted to know how my day was going.
My sink was blocked yesterday and the plunger didn't seem to be making much headway, so I went to the supermarket and got one of those cleaning liquidy things to do the job. Leave it overnight and the jobs a good'un. So I wake up this morning and it appears to have not done a thing. 
Now I've got corrosive liquid sitting in the pipes running out of my sink that I can't wash away. Great minds of /r/CasualUK/, what do? Poke it down with a rod? Wear protection and take off the u-bend and drain it into a bucket?
read the article!  This place smashed out 80000 cups a year. Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year! This is a good investment. So a cost-benefit analysis actually favours something the liberals have done?
Drake. His music doesnt seem so good in my opinion. It is just bland and the same.
Comment down your favourite SENA century of  @USER ? @USER  @USER 123 at perth.
Dundalk fans singing “your from tallaght, scruffy tallaght” is like a homeless man slagging you for being poor. @USER Cracking song. Very accurate too.
Same thing happened to me. 
I eventually found a stash under the sink. 
So nice to have the windows and doors open today. Just checked under the sink
No luck.
>They'd just seen their government announce a partial relaxation already, with about 760 high school students allowed to return from China to Australia.
i don't follow the logic of allowing secondary but not tertiary students to enter
surely both groups carry a similar level of risk, and while high school started five weeks ago, unis are only just returning now, and students would be anxious to be able to start ASAP 
and from an economic perspective i would expect revenue from tertiary students to be much higher than that generated by secondary students. There is no logic. Logic and politics don't mix.
F*CK YES! Ron DeSantis is under federal Investigation by the US Department of Treasury over his use of COVID Relief Funds to fly migrants to Martha’s Vinyard. @USER Why not makes more sence.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hello bro iam also facing same issue on my poco X2 .. so what is next your move... Plz help me. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER this my insta I'd DM me bro @ms__akshay.
> He did not see any point in suspending any part of the sentence as Alexander Whelan is not a drug user and does not require rehabilitation as he has no history of violence.
So a child with no history of violence or substance abuse is pushed to the point where he can haul off and kill someone (to protect his mother) gets the full wallop with no psych help, but if he was coked off his tits he'd have gotten a reduced sentence?
In what universe does that make sense? Judge Michael White's universe.
That said, 2 years for killing someone seems about as low as you can go, I think.
@USER So you DO wear bedclothes?    As for the fox walking through - no thanks, the cat is bad enough! @USER Lol. Bedclothes in the uk are a safety feature. We’d freeze to death without them! ?
Brumby bhai tu kitni garibi mein raha hai ki tere par koi ch€€nk bhi maare to tujhe bas "Haaye paisa, Haaye paisa" r0na aa jaata hai

Abe train mein "tum to thehre pardesi" gaata hua paisa maangta tha kya jo iske alawa kuch aata hi nahin

Community rejected them my ? 
? @USER No one will give him a dime..
@USER Happy Birthday King. @USER Thank u Tai Tai ????
Completed 18 years in Journalism today! 

#WorkAnniversary. @USER 18 Years!! Not easy.

Congratulations and Happy 18th Work Anniversary ?
there are 120 acres of land in front of my house and ive been told i can do whatever i want when its mine, but no forestry, funny considering the farm made no money last year. My mum told me that the farm made a profit one year. Just one. Dad immediately went and bought more cattle and was back to the usual loss the next year.
Why are most of the people in that image wearing a white t-shirt and red cap. And the same hat at that.
This is literally just click bait, I mean look at that title, its an article just to make people angry.
I mean, we have embassy's of Saudi Arabia, Iran, Afghanistan ect, all of which execute people for being gay. Why are we not outraged at them? Many, many other countries also imprison gays and we still have ties with them. What about countries accused of war crimes and genocide? 
The only thing in this article that makes it any different is that a well known highly disliked conservative Australian has helped in the process of setting it up. The embassies you listed are acknowledged by DFAT as official embassies but the acceptance of an embassy isn't a sanction of that nations conduct by any government anyway. This "consulate" is not recognised by DFAT and is self designated. Notice that the premier or any ministers of the government aren't present. The consulate will be nothing more than a phone number and a part time receptionist and given Barundi's importance and relevance, I doubt there will be much for them to do.
The Brave Little Toaster™. That air conditioner, man.
Bring on transfer rumours atleast #LFC. @USER Valverde.
Post your Top 4 films of 2022 ranked so far ? @USER 1.RRR
2.RRR
3.RRR
4.RRR.
@USER Top tune. You going to Moondance on Saturday? @USER Unfortunately not, you going?
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. Anything to get a 'but Labor' answer in during QT. Was a disgrace and not actually relevant.
There is something off with the restaurant Arby’s. Do you personally know anyone who eats there? Yes.  They have the meats.
Anyone optimistic about the future? Me.
Throw it back at the little shits. 8 of them. If it were 1 I'd probably chance confronting them but I'm old enough to know when I'd be out of my depth.
Holiday and work?? @USER Feels good.
I’m guessing either an enthusiastic child or a dog with very heavy paws has moved into the apartment upstairs…. Confirmed: enthusiastic child.
Use toilet paper as a glove. Ditto.
He's not getting outta Tinder though. Keep looking, chicks wink wink. Grinder is more of his thing.
You'll fit right in! 
Welcome home! :). Aww thank you!
@USER Absolutely not but cute. ? @USER Thank you ?
It's great for the environment and people who live out in the bush. But being realistic, it's only a short break from when the season resumes. This is the new normal. It's only how much of it is uncontrollable. This was horrible for the environment 
Millions possibly billions of animals have died
Small fires are indeed good for the environment but huge fires like this are not.
@USER Just think you’re off work and he’s still working and was probably up at 4 am to do the milking all so you can have food &amp; milk in your house. ? ? ? @USER  @USER Well put!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
@USER Stopeeet. @USER But did I lie???
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER No it's not ,he's a constant embarrasment and no role model.
If stupidity doesn't get them first. wouldn't really say being prepared for a possible supply chain disruption is stupid... it not like toilet paper expires.
Because the last generation was Gen. Z and there’s no where to go past that, so we gotta start from the beginning. but we should have just named the first generation "Alpha" instead of doing it now.
The only good offroading bikes in India right now in your budget are the KTM Adventure, RE Himalayan, Hero Xpulse and Bajaj Dominar. Though the dominar is not a full fledged off roader it is capable enough as it shares tye same underpinnings as its cousin KTM Duke . The BMW G310 ss is slightly over your budget, so is the KTM Adventure 390, both of these are slightly above 3 lakhs on road after local taxes but are more powerful than all the other options. The Himalayan comes in your budget and the newer 411cc BS6 ones are more reliable than the older BS4 ones, but with RE the problem is you never know when you might get a Lemon. That brings us down to Hero Xpulse whose 200cc engine is underpowered for off-roaders but is good enough in the city. 
If you are the gambling kind i would suggest the Himalayan, otherwise stick to any of the rest. Since you already owned a classic 500 you would be familiar with the temperament of a bullet. Thanks! I think I'm inclined towards the Himalayan, given everything I've read here and on other sites. I'm in India now and will probably visit a KTM showroom or two, though, just to get a feel for the 390. 
I'll check out the BMW G310, just since a few folks have recommended it. It looks to be at the top end of my budget, but there's a chance I may have enough money--my language program is fully funded and comes with a stipend, so if I can save enough money for a BMW, I can get one. 
However, I do have to wonder how practical it'd be to get one fixed on the fly. The big advantage of Enfields, at least in my experience, is that just about any mechanic in India can fix one in a relatively short period of time. 
I've actually had much better luck with REs in India than overseas, in part because a lot of the problems I had were exacerbated by higher average speeds in the U.S.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks so much Keith ??? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aways welcome  @USER ?☘️.
Could be worse mate, my pal just moved to Chelmsford and ordered pizza hut from deliveroo his first night.
He didn't realise the Pizza Hut was literally under his flat and got a terribly judgmental look from his delivery rider. I used to always order food when hungover from the closest take-away (of which it's literally on the road behind my house) and thought they'd just walk it round.  
Did take me a while to realise they seem to have a LOT of drivers and it always takes them fucking ages.
They always drove it too. Because they're not actually from the takeaway, it's just "crowd sourced" delivery.
I'm wondering if we've been to the same Coober Pedy or if there's another one in not familiar with. Yeah, like, what a shithole. If I never returned it'd be too soon.
they crawl around when no one is looking and link up with other boogers until a massive booger monster is created and he lurks around in the sewers. This is magnificent, I wish I had an award to give.
@USER Then you got 2000 likes just talking about her post... @USER And you get a reply for responding to that tweet….
#AnCailínCiúin ? Best Irish film of recent years, no doubt. @USER  @USER Gan dabt  ar bith!
Code with music or without? @USER Only if it helps you to concentrate otherwise it's a distraction and will lead to unnecessary errors.
Would it have hurt him much to just say this in October? He has managed to Streisand effect something that not many people would have given a shit about. He needs a distraction from sports rorts based on senate estimates last night.
Craig James killed 5 hookers while he was at SMU. What's SMU and who's Craig James?
Dear  @USER 

 I was returning from the National Games held in Gujarat, and the staff not only behaved badly, but also charged us a hefty amount for excess baggage which was the medals and goodies that we athletes had won. @USER  @USER What do you expect from a third class airlines.? Indigo airlines is worse than the village town bus.
Thought I read somewhere they were shutting down.
Might have imagined it. *dreamed it.
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER I do a very good Ruth imitation so if you need a sister the Langmores didn’t know they had…….
@USER good l o r d. @USER I like pins ?
Should I start playing League??? @USER Are you ok? Do you need help?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Classy morning with roses and jasmine ??? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected My Dear Ma'am,

Very Very Good Afternoon ????

Thank You and Same To You Too Also ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
Aside from tourists sitting in the priority season and ignoring me standing with a nine months pregnant belly, or the bus on New Year's with a bunch of young kids drinking who then started shouting "Let us off! Emergency!" while one of the boys vomited all over the bus floor, here's my favorite.
About a month ago I was leaving the GP with my daughter who was 4 months old and sick, so I had the pram with me to put her in if it started raining and she was strapped to my chest in the carrier because she needs a good cuddle when she's not feeling well. I get on the bus with my pram and go to sit down when the bus driver starts shouting at me that "all unoccupied prams must be folded and stored!!". He won't move the bus, and the pram doesn't really fold easily, not to mention how am I supposed to fold it down with a sick baby strapped to me?? I go to explain I can't fold it and the driver just keeps telling me "all unoccupied prams must be folded and stored!"
I had no choice, I pulled my daughter out of the carrier, apologized to the people around and let them know she was going to cry and put my now screaming sick baby into the pram and said "it's not unoccupied now."
If I could have held my screaming baba up to that man's ear like a seashell, I would have. I get that rules are rules, but it was kind of ridiculous. Bus driver sounds like he was on a power trip.
Code with music or without? @USER With if you're not aware that what you have to do...and how will you do...or without if you're an expert... listen and code... actually this should be a goal for many beginners. "Music, Hustle &amp; Code".
The ridiculous thing is if they are the flat tie on kind they don't protect the wearer so they are useless for people to steal. Hospital tie-on face masks are designed to stop medical professionals infecting their patient [edit.. and protect the wearer from blood/fluid sprays]. Only the form-fitting P2/N95 rated type protects the wearer [from inhaling particles/viruses].
Edit: source: I have spent many years doing filter/respirator R&D. Some of my papers are cited by 3M (a leading respirator and surgical mask manufacturer) in their technical manuals. It would seem the right mask to have personal reserves of ought protect in both directions. That is, protecting: the wearer; and others from the wearer.
So for example, if you have a form-fitting disposable P2/N95 mask with a valve this is not going to protect others from your exhalations (although, from personal experience, I've found valves great for bushfire smoke purposes).
It looks like, for example, the valveless  URL  fits the bill. Noting the explicit 3M™ Cupped Particulate Respirator 8210, P2
> 8210 can also be used in certain applications against some bio-aerosols. such as, influenza virus
Happy to have your expertise bear on any of that.
Your mother. Damn, you know her too?
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER Hoooo.
Also were outside it... ....that’s why I posted it.
Is it st Davids day today? just wondering. no idea - he had nowt to do wi sheep anyway.
Nothing to see here just a Chinese vessel mapping the ocean to prepare for a possible china America war. More likely looking for the undersea internet/other communication cables so they know where to cut if/when...
Light switch. Jacksfilms fan, or...?
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER मंगल सन्देश Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
@USER That's Fabulous Friday news! @USER Thanks my friend.
Let the events of the last two weeks banish any suggestion that Scotland isn't a vital and integral part of the United Kingdom. @USER How sad that you feel you need to politicise the death of the Queen Is nothing below you and your party ?
I have a friend in the RFS and he did not once get a call out for the bush fires over the summer despire being available, he has been in the RFS for over 5 years. I think the RFS management needs to get their act together. Not sure of the downvotes, that sucks regarding your friend.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. Maybe they want you to think hes dead when the real conspiracy is he is still alive.
शव यात्रा में अगर कोई 'राम नाम सत्य है' 
बोल दे तो उसे गोली तो नहीं मार दी जाएगी ?
? @USER तुम जैसो की गोली तो नहीं
.... ""!""
समझ लो क्या मार ली जाएगी.
@USER Least he’s got the minerals too face the fans while them rats are smoking cigars somewhere. @USER He didn't meet them out of decency, he met them as he was scared of a protest outside his house. Fans in America should be protesting outside the Glazers houses too. 
#GlazersOut.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Christ, Dan. Grow up. Politics isn’t Spurs v Arsenal.
@USER Not one person who I follow that supports Collingwood has talked him down. Not one. Perhaps put another mask on. @USER  @USER Come on Josh.
@USER You’re following too closely. Back off. ? @USER ?????
@USER gand fatati h bhai koi sunny bola toh..Chennai things. @USER Chennai ka hoga but yaha 4 din baad Suraj nikla hai ?
Apologies for jumping in, and downvote it all, if you like. I’m not Irish, but seeing as this thing gets global: We have been through bird and swine flu, the pneumonia, and now this. Not to mention Ebola. And here we all are. It’s not like we have a plague on our hands and as far as I know it’s not the Middle Ages. I heart all the people who lost their loved ones. It is a great tragedy. But isn’t it getting a bit out of hand? St Patrick's Day parade has been cancelled before due to foot and mouth, so it's not an overreaction to do the same this time. It's only sensible. Also regardless of how much you heart me, I don't want my parents to catch it.
Calling it a 'Frey Bentons' pie is bad enough. Eurgh, just realised. Im gonna blame my auto correct  and not my poor proof reading.
When your kids friend comes over for a sleepover and brings you a gift… and it’s a “f*ck the patriarchy” necklace she’s made. The kids are alright #feminism #patriarchy. @USER They clearly know your aesthetic ?
@USER Yeah, Phillies fans complaining at the behavior of a braves fan. Phillies fans...??? Isn't this a normal pre game scene at citizens? @USER  @USER The only thing being complained about is why my man didn’t dish out a beating ! I’m sure you all will be in your best behavior here though ! Lol.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 10 minutes.
@USER Iconic. @USER  @USER Brilliant pic.
You should be able to appeal the decision considering your term didn't start until the 6th. There are a lot of foreign students at my university who weren't here until the end of September because out term didn't start until then. 
Maybe try posting on r/legaladviceUK they might have more insight. 
Hope it works out for you. I will try thank you.
> health authorities have reminded people that you cannot eat toilet paper
That sounds like a challenge! Said every dog ever. My cat would like to weigh in on this too....she’s ringed barked the loo tree.
Stop thinking, just do it. I'll try.
Never run for a bus, 
Train or man. When
One leaves, another arrives.? @USER catch it perfect one.
They should. It's ridiculous. Especially those fools that go swimming in the middle of a storm. Putting other lives in danger. Those people are absolute pricks but I still don't think this is a good idea.
Sometimes I really really absolutely hate being a grown up. @USER 100% this. Hope your day improves.
We shouldn't be deporting people to countries they've never lived in or only lived in briefly as a child and have no connection to.
Dutton is just another fool trying to be a hard man at the expense of basic empathy. I'm of two minds about this - on one hand, people are obligated to abide by their visa conditions no matter how long they've lived here - if you don't your visa will be revoked.
For most immigrants, the pathway to citizenship is fairlystraight forward, so if they choose not to become citizens,that's their own fault. 
The dame can't be said of our kiwi brethren for them it is difficult if neigh on impossible to gain citizenship.  That we allow them to come here and live indefinitely without giving them a chance to become citizens is morally wrong.
Nobody cares about black history month including a large percentage of blacks . Where'd ya get your stats from, my friend? Do you have a specific percentage that you can give us along with the source you got it from?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations  @USER ser ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you buddy!
There's no hope with dope. Pack it up lads. If it rhymes it must be true.
@USER  @USER Getting a bit jealous now.     Lol. @USER  @USER Not too late! Lol. Still tickets for DST. Flights are available! ?
Name something you learned in school that you’ve never used in your adult life…. @USER How to disect a frog ?
I wish we used the metric system like almost every other country in the world. Finally, the response I've been waiting for.
That means nothing. Yeah, it's pretty much the norm for all really rich people (politicians included) to send their kids to study in these kinds of universities and it isn't just one political party that does it.
Richard Arnold to fans: "We're doing everything  we can to get Frenkie De Jong and I'm telling you the money is there for him." [@MufcWonItAll]. @USER  @USER and how's this now going to affect the negotiation with Barca? We will hstvhave to pay up instead of negotiate now?
I'm allowed to go for a cig break every 3 hours.
EDIT: On a more serious note, I have free reign to do what I want when it comes to making spreadsheets and experimenting with work. In my last job, it was so restricted I wasn't even allowed to use lookups because they "didn't trust it". This is insanity. Surely anyone who understands the functionality of a lookup in Excel is also smart enough to realise they aren’t the devil incarnate?
I would’ve just used INDEX(MATCH) instead and told them it was safe.
It isn’t the same contact per se, it’s just that the Govt agency responsible for myGov sends the messages from a name, and not a registered phone number. This makes impersonating them stupidly easy as you’ve seen.
Further, there’s no real global standards for verified SMS which increases the likelihood of people being phished. While Google has made some in-roads for their customers in select countries, it isn’t rolled out in Australia or other major nations. And Apple just keeps hoping more businesses will use their iMessage for business platform, but their rollout of it is as slow as a wet week. A sensible bit of legislation would be to require all incoming calls and SMS messages to be blackholed if they contain a name of an Australian government agency or any Australian phone number unless the holder of that number or the relevant agency has approved the spoof.
@USER Good on you.  There's nothing like getting an early start to your day and getting it done. @USER Exactly ?
The only way this works is that you apply one kilo of dung, and one litre of urine, of cow, per person. Works better if the cow is red in colour. White cow is the weakest, black is a little better, red works best.
This has to be layered, so the first day, you apply. And wait for it to dry. The next day, DO NOT WASH OFF. Apply the new stuff over the old stuff as a layer.
You have to do this until the summer comes. ~~Or Shivraathri [Feb 20/21, 2020].~~ This process needs to be continued right through summer into the rainy season, and you have to wash it off in the first rain.
And you have to go about your business. Sitting at home aggravates the symptoms. Seems legit. 10/10 would recommend.
Wouldn't it be a lovely gesture if the electricity bills for the businesses giving the emergency services, journalists, and volunteers, free refreshments in #Creeslough was paid for them.
Any idea how this could be organised so that people could donate some money? @USER What a great idea Val.
I went to The Hub by Premier Inn. The room was underground and about the size of two coffins. You even had to make your own bed. >You even had to make your own bed.
The horror.  Did you have to dress yourself as well?
@USER Then you haven’t been looking hard enough if that’s the only complaint you’ve seen. @USER Well, the only major complaint.
In ONE WORD, what prevents most people from succeeding in music? @USER Trends.
URL 
&#x200B;
some sample survey. So the same Indian American's who support Modi, support the Democrats?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER See you later ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ta! See you later ✊??
Dont they print them in the local free rag anymore? Seeing your comment made me realise , I don't get a free local paper. Think it's all online :(.
In unrelated news, bidet sales are through the roof. wish bum guns were a thing in Australia, so much better than toilet paper.
Get out or get weird. Might use that.
Aren’t Shudra Dalit and untouchables same. No. Shudras are not really untouchables. Dalits though are. Shudras also faced Untouchability though, especially during the Peshwai in Maharashtra.
Apropos of nothing, that fireplace hasn't seen many fires. Glow of big Mick warms the heart and the hearth.
@USER Love this! Gorgeous ?? @USER Thank you ??❤️.
Domestic violence perpetrated by police has been studied in the US for decades and decades. Good evidence to show it happens at a higher rate than the general public, which is absolutely terrifying. 
Very little attention is paid to this in the Australian context; very few people care. The article literally states "Compared to the general population, police officers are 85% less likely to be recorded as a respondent on a domestic violence order."
So your statement of higher rates in the QLD police force is demonstrably false.
It's the end of the world as we know it. Who said that? 51 jerks needs a new word: sabastooge! Sabtogeing the public by the unelected deep staters.
Come to usa, trump is waiting for you? What is your name : 
Reject.
@USER Wexford had a tougher league campaign than Kilkenny etc. And we've beaten all the other 5 teams left in the championship this year. @USER  @USER I hope to God Wexford show up tomorrow or it ll be like the Kerry game with Wexford playing the part of the Kingdom men.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER He’s playing to a Russian public and hawks first. But I agree. He’s upped the stakes. He had to. It strengthens his negotiating position if that is what it comes to. He knows he can’t win a conventional war.
This was at the Coles in Hornsby NSW.
Flour, pasta, tuna, long life milk and ramen shelves were all empty as well. Same at the Coles in Tooronga Village in Melbourne.
@USER OK, this is how you get disappointed as a fan. You got to be realistic. Tennessee is a good team. But they aren't a top-5/top-10 team. You will beat Florida (42-24). You will beat LSU (45-30). You will lose to Alabama (38-27). You will lose to Georgia (42-20). Ten win season. ? @USER We are literally the #11 team in the nation as we speak. If we beat LSU and Florida, we will be a top 5 team. 

I'm good with that. But I don't understand why anyone thinks we can't beat Bama. Texas had them beat and our offense is WAY better than Texas.
*Grabs Popcorn*
Oh wait, this post will get on front page. >dating matrimony
Yeah, maybe
>28F
Surely it will hit front page.
@USER Had to double check this actually happened and I didn't dream it cause I've seen absolutely nothing about it. Looked like a couple other incidents on that side throughout the game too.
People would be losing their minds if our fans did that to Dundalk players. @USER  @USER Always happens with your crowd in the away end up here. No point talking about it is there? Just like no ones said anything about your pyro on the pitch. Get on with it.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Would that party be the republican greens.
Cardinals Nation roll call!

Let's see how far Cardinals nation stretches around the globe! Where are you watching today's game from? @USER “Baston” at dah sevens.
? I will never become full on vegetarian/vegan, BUT the more I expand my knowledge on improving nutrition &amp; overall health, the better that approach looks. As I dive more into health challenges that are prevalent within my family &amp; friends (heart disease, auto immune diseases, neurological diseases), research points to improving food choices for better nutrient density.
Anyone who knows his bloody past would know how much of a statesman he is. It is highly unlikely that the countries around the world, with all the intelligence capabilities they have, aren't aware of Modi's past. All of them just Ignore everything, because India is a big country that imports a lot and would buy stuff from them. They will continue to look the other way, till we continue to buy stuff from them. The day we stop paying them to buy stuff, we will see many of them suddenly become concerned about the situation in India and will talk about re-establishing democracy.. Very accurate.
I'm hearing through the grape vine  that this fella confirmed with the virus yesterday who arrived back 2 weeks ago and didn't quarantine himself lives in greystones, Wicklow. Anyone else hear this? Supervalue greystones might be infected.
Lindsey Hoyle spent £7,500 of taxpayers money on a mattress and sheets for his bed in the speakers residence. @USER  @USER Very Toriesque.
@USER The way I am in total denial about how old he is because I won’t cope. @USER I don’t want to think about it but everyone is saying Gould is going to take his role and I canT COPE.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ??
@USER Catch me if you can ? @USER The man is talking to archery people this week. So perhaps after ten-twenty years of practice? ?
@USER Fantastic Elaine ?? @USER The relief B ????
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER Miles out.
Retype EVERY PARTY.
my party would b called OHPIG.
only honest party in GOV.
Maybe this sounds ridiculous, I don’t know. But in a social setting, if it’s not a good cuppa, I’ll ‘forget’ about it. If it’s in an office, I genuinely can forget about it. If it’s not a cup that makes me want to come back to it every few minutes, it’s not on my mind to drink it. Sometimes it comes too light, too dark, sometimes it’s been threatened with milk. Sometimes it’s like dishwater, syrup at the bottom. In every team of every company, there’s usually only one that I trust. I’m of the mindset that it’d be ruder to exclude myself from the tea round system and make myself tea. Is that nuts? >Sometimes it comes too light, too dark
Some invaluable information my Dad passed to me was that a good brew should be the exact colour of He-Man. I live my life by this mantra.
So BJP-RSS folk need to fear NSG ? Kinda contradictory no ? Has this guy any shame left.  He should be behind bars!
@USER Had to double check this actually happened and I didn't dream it cause I've seen absolutely nothing about it. Looked like a couple other incidents on that side throughout the game too.
People would be losing their minds if our fans did that to Dundalk players. @USER  @USER Always happens with your crowd in the away end up here. No point talking about it is there? Just like no ones said anything about your pyro on the pitch. Get on with it.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Christ, Dan. Grow up. Politics isn’t Spurs v Arsenal.
Saturday night ka mera 'sneak in the garden and light up a joint' routine badiya baith gaya hai. Kal mast joint fooka gaane sunte sunte and moon ko dekha and uske baad some geopolitics ke videos. Man, I love saturday nights. That's something even the girl I am currently with does. But instead of watching geopolitics she sleeps on my shoulder in which she murmurs god knows what.
You will need ID and proof of address. If you already have an account, and you can prove that, you should be OK. They are issuing SSCN codes that you can use to identify yourself as an account holder. Thanks, IF.
Loved this as a kid.
In hindsight it was completely mental though. *without my pants.
Hillary is really the president. Trump is there to catch all the blame. And Hillary is really just a puppet for Bill to pull the strings ...... So Bill is really the current president.
NOTICE
&nbsp;
SHARMA-JI-KI-LADKI MISSING
This is to inform you that Sharma-ji-ki-ladki working  in catfish.org has been reported missing from December 2019 evening around 7 pm. She is 4'7" tall, medium built. She has a katega scar above the left eyebrow. She was last seen in RDT catfishing innocent boy.  Anyone who sees her or gets any infomation about her is requested to please inform me or sharmaji. u/catwhamen Mera bhi kata tha usne.
Wouldn't it be a lovely gesture if the electricity bills for the businesses giving the emergency services, journalists, and volunteers, free refreshments in #Creeslough was paid for them.
Any idea how this could be organised so that people could donate some money? @USER A  Creeslough lad in Australia started a gofundme for the people if the village with a target of 60k. As I write, it has raised 225k so I think that's probably the place to go.
What do you propose he should do? I’m a fan of letting the coronavirus run rampant in the elderly community, they want a return to the good ol’ days, nothing will bring them closer to that period than rampant pathogens.
You're exclusive when you stop seeing other people. I know this sounds like a stupid question, but the guy I’m currently seeing said he’s not seeing anyone else and agreed to let me know if he does see someone else, and the same vice versa. Does that mean we are exclusive for now? I’m new to all this lol (I’m 25, just got out of a long distance relationship).
The world is ending 
Change my mind. Sounds too good to be true.
@USER Looking at government money? @USER I'm not too worried about where it comes from as long as it keeps coming?
Just needs some sausages in it. My family also does a Yorkshire like this but instead of sausages puts the whole roasting joint in the middle (not covered with batter mind you) , the meaty juices infuse the pudding with amazing flavour.
I'd be walking around South Park being called 'Sir Douchebag'.
So, about the same, with more snow. Stick of truth or fractured?
Look I don't trust Nehru
He never in a single interview revealed how he eats mangoes. It was never about mangoes. 
&#x200B;
Nehru on June 29,1949
&#x200B;
" If we do not increase the production then in the matters of crop we will be dependent on others. For the matters of food, we do not want to dependent on other nations. That's why we have to solve the problems of production in food immediately. We have to reduce this deficit that happens due to us buying the food from foreign countries. We have decided that by 1951 we will be self reliant on crops. We will not import them after 1951".
What’s for dinner? @USER After a busy day here it’s just a bowl of Golden Grahams chef.
You are in the middle of storm Jorge!
Not taking away from the increased input of green energy into the grid, that's awesome, just pointing out that what you are seeing isn't the norm and we still have a ways to go until it is! But with more global warming we can have more freak storms.
Invest in coal. Invest in the future.
Wouldn't it be easier just for council to cover the sign in September and then uncover it in April?
5 minute job twice a year. We all know council would forget and the sign would stay up all yeat.
With the amount of money that has been donated, it's impossible that a cure for cancer hasn't been found yet. Personally, I think the cure must be hidden somewhere and only the wealthiest people can access to it. Its not like money could be mismanaged, or that cancer is simply incurable and the money is put to treatment research.
>So I know I'm pretty old now 
It's not 
you are doing great.
Am sure you won't wish to marry just for the sake of it.
I hope you embrace your life n do what you love to.
It's this patriarchal malice that assholes ingrain in females to get marry at the earliest, I wish someday u will flush this out.
And most importantly hoping that  u find LOVE, the UNCONDITIONAL one. Thank you so much. I will keep looking!
And yes patriarchy and all this pressure sucks!
looking forward to the morons in work tomorrow, after getting this on whatsapp, telling everyone that this was another example of the great big conspiracy to hide the hundreds of cases here and lockdown of hospitals/hotels/businesses, being committed by the government/HSE/relatives of those infected/workmates/people in those places, etc etc. It's not a conspiracy, its simply unstoppable at this point.
@USER Morning kirsty how are you this morning am ok.enjoy your day. @USER Morning Ian. I’m great thanks hope you are too. Have the best day. Happy Wednesday ?
The government response to the massacre was appalling and disrespectful to the victims.
There should be laws preventing the public office enacting Terrorist Manifestos into law and fulfilling the homicidal fantasy of such people. What are you talking about? What manifesto was made into law?
The end of Arrival had me confused about timespace causality stuff. Great movie.
>God's blue-eyed boys and girls.
WHOA... That might trigger some atheists. ...and all non-blue eyed people too.
@USER  @USER  @USER Vic Secret?? @USER  @USER  @USER Most likely.
Bearer Party, to the pub - quick march. Bearer Party, lift tankard. Bearer party, down beer. You’ve earned it. @USER I thought you hated the Royal Family !
Bugger I missed that Glover save let me just rewi….oh never mind #MCYvWUN. @USER They did show a replay to be fair ?
@USER What now lol. @USER My jaw is clicking when I open my mouth and the bone is having friction against the joint. Been bad since yesterday afternoon.
The more you see it, the more you realise that the ordinary citizen thirsts for a more inclusive and humane India. This is why the #BharatJodoayatra is gaining more traction by the day. @USER Humane India, in your view, excludes Peacefuls. You try to condemn stone pelting on Hindus and Hindu religious processions and Sar tan se juda slogans at least once. You never dare to do such a thing.
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Rocky&amp;Bullwinkle.
Still think these ought to be nuclear powered. Getting nuclear licencing for Pompey would never happen. They are also too big to get into Guzz and Faslane.
Old colleague rang me today. ‘Just got to tell you this story. My friend who is 68, fit and healthy and still working as a lawyer in Melbourne has just spent 5 weeks in hospital suffering serious neurological symptoms. Doctor told him it was related to his fourth jab. 1/2. I said ‘did you tell your (GP projab) wife this story?’ Answer. ‘Hell no. You’re my release button.’ #antivaxxerlife 2/2.
@USER OK, this is how you get disappointed as a fan. You got to be realistic. Tennessee is a good team. But they aren't a top-5/top-10 team. You will beat Florida (42-24). You will beat LSU (45-30). You will lose to Alabama (38-27). You will lose to Georgia (42-20). Ten win season. ? @USER We are literally the #11 team in the nation as we speak. If we beat LSU and Florida, we will be a top 5 team. 

I'm good with that. But I don't understand why anyone thinks we can't beat Bama. Texas had them beat and our offense is WAY better than Texas.
Why Indian aunties have weird obsession to know when we will get marry or when we (married couple) will conceive a child? @USER Rightly said.
Does he wink the wrong way or is it just me? It's a freemason sex wink.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Started as a block of Duke of Edinburgh  stuff. Volunteering I think.

Now there's a whole range of reasons. I think most of all I find it intellectually stimulating and challenging, interspersed with some great moments, memories and bonds.
Anyone else find it a coincidence Covid ended in Victoria a month before the state election? It’s a miracle. @USER Almost like a non existent budget surplus the LNP announced before a federal election.  See how that works?
@USER Good morning bro. @USER Have a good one.
@USER Many congratulations. @USER Thank you sir.
Best dance/rave club you went to?? @USER The Arches.
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER sometimes, but i dont care, no one can judge others by tweets.
Heavy metal is the best medicine ? @USER For what?
@USER Definitely worth trying at that price. @USER That's what I'm hoping for!
Irrigation scam has put this guy on BJP leash. Dafq? He is deputy CM
He was given clean chit by BJP
Who is on whose leash again?
Someone asked me if it’s hygienic to swim with a stoma bag.
I said that a sealed stoma bag stuck to my tummy is probably more hygienic than a bumhole! And I wasn’t meaning to be crude because I’m not like that.
But it saddens me that in 2022 people still think stomas are dirty! @USER Great response!
Is there anyone else on twitter today that didn't watch any of the pageantry on the TV. @USER Yes moi.
@USER  @USER  @USER Best news Paul. Massive congratulations. This is very exciting❤️. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Susan! ❤️.
They should get over it, since they’re not in highschool anymore, and can no longer compete in highschool track. They missed their chance and should move on. Is there anyway to run as a sport in college or beyond?
बस इतना पूछना है साहब कि शव यात्रा में अगर कोई गलती से 'राम नाम सत्य है' बोल दे तो उसे गोली तो नहीं मार दी जाएगी ? @USER  @USER यह तो कल ही मालूम होगा....जय श्री राम.
Winning Streak never moved on from the 80s. RTE never moved on from the 80's.
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. So would you never pay for any recipe book then?
All the metal musicians I know, both locally and abroad are all really chilled non-judgmental types who just want to grind out some hardcore sounds. We expend our rage through music. Try being angry after practicing Reign in Blood on drums for 2 hours.
? back at it again with another #FeatureFriday ?

today we want to know: what feature would you love to see from Twitter Blue?

reply below if there’s something else you want to see ? @USER The badge would be interesting. I’m sticking with #TwitterBlue regardless. ?
Q5. What is the display type of the #GalaxyZFlip3? 
A. Dynamic AMOLED 2X
B. Dynamic AMOLED 3X
C. Static AMOLED X
D. Dynamic IPS
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER A. Dynamic AMOLED 2X
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
This is the alternative,  URL. Cant see Mary from whishtmeath running around like that lol.
Haha he was talking about this on RHLSTP, without naming the brand.
Edit: I meant Matt Morgan’s “Funny How?” podcast. Also Matt Morgan's Funny How? 
Unfortunately that podcast doesn't have a fun to shout acronym. 
MMFH!
RIP my neighbour who told his wife he was popping out to get some sewing thread but got distracted and went to the pub instead. Gone but not for cotton. #dadjokes. @USER @ChrisDuley7.
NO MORE MONEY TO UKRAINE! @USER A predator will never stop.  Putin is a predator.  Fully fund Ukraine.
Can’t wait for T20 World Cup and then Qatar 2022. F*ck October and F*ck the October Heat. ? @USER It's already cold already.
Giving your 2 year old fake guns, cracking parent. Looks about right for the area anyway. Dont you know that its the oppressive society that forces them to be scumbags ?   Just like being poor forces people to spend all their money on alcohol and cigarettes.
Shepherds pie is made with lamb. Good to hear the real truth.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. Look at this one...
Paul xxxx 2/5
a month ago on Google
I was very disappointed with this Motel when I was stranded there in the recent bush fires and had to stay for a night along with other motorists. They took advantage of the situation and charged almost double their normal rates.. I think it was a very low act.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ?
Check out the Honda Wrv. It is a superb car for its price. This will cost more than 10L for a decent petrol variant.
Aye have them drink whiskey instead ? Have them neck it.
Wooooooaaahhhh mysterious girl, I wanna ~~get close to you~~ remain at least 2 chevrons apart from you. You could of gone with anything but you went with chevrons! Now I feel like I’m on the M1 between J26 and 30. 10/10 good sir.
If he’s in prison in Victoria, Box Hill Institute offer courses. Their teachers come into the prison and meet with prisoner and do lessons and then give them stuff to work on til their next lesson ect and they can get qualifications. Obviously the options aren’t huge but there’s a few good useful courses and if nothing else it’s something to pass time. Thanks but he is in NSW. I should have mentioned in my post.
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER  @USER will never get my business due to their CEOs stance on LGBTQ+ rights.
Nothing is difficult to attain, in this world or the other, to those who have meditation and divine Name in their life. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER ???
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
(Unpopular opinion, though I do hope it's not taken too close to heart) We, both as Northerners and Southerns, need to stop romanticising people like this if we are to seriously develop as 2 countries who can look back on history and not have a miniature verbal civil war. Ignore the salty downvoters man.
@USER No your so humble .unique .down  to earth Girl  podda. @USER Thank you dear ?
@USER Great read ?? @USER Thank you mate!
got my wisdom teeth out and am very sore ? @USER Hang in there sweetness!
Not able to understand this frenzy. Sure it's 2 times more communicable than a flu, but it's a water borne disease. 
Panic if someone sneezes at your face or you touch your face when in public spaces. 
People who aren't showing symptoms are less likely to spread. 
Please wear a mask if you start coughing and sneezing and stay at home. Fuck people like you man. This shit requires 20% of those infected to be hospitalized for 3 weeks and has neurological side effects. Also 20% of those hospitalized die due to ARDS. And these are just the official numbers, and I hear the actual numbers are much worse. Also, the virus survives on dry surfaces for upto 24 days in temperate zones and 9 days in warmer locations and it spreads through air as well after the saliva etc evaporates.
The problem therefore is two fold:


the stress on hospitals


the death rate


And in a country like India with bad healthcare already, and states like UP where gomutra is king, you can only imagine the havoc it will cause. I predict the government will not release the death rate numbers.
Parents of children aged 3-8, is everything in your house broken? @USER Yes, replaced then broken again ?
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER No it's not ,he's a constant embarrasment and no role model.
Will they go up again? URL  watch this it will help.
@USER Celtics dik riders incoming

Real rankings:
BI
JB
MIDdleton
DeFrozen. @USER  @USER nah u right , BI took a big step last season.
Iirc it was launched to cash on the 2003 world cup. Looked like kerosene, tasted sweet-sour. Loved it. That flair is mad.
Story? I really want to use this one more when I run into people haha.
>"What's not to like? Custard, good. Jam, good. Beef, GOOD!". >It tastes like feet!
Liz Truss says the chances of blackouts this winter are very slim &amp; there's nothing to worry about.

Buy candles, buy a fuck load of candles. @USER Does Matt Hancock's sister own a candle factory?
@USER Could be worse. I have a friend that wears flipflops in snow. @USER Haha!  You’ve never seen my barefoot snow adventures?
@USER Thank u? @USER Most welcome ??
Bit ridiculous that a by-election isn't called. Why? The replacements list has been utilised.
Should have a word with your local police since it's assault. Lmao I think that’s a bit of an over reaction. It’s only a bit of water. I don’t think the guy had malicious intent.
@USER  @USER Go u!
Sleep is what gets me though the day ?
And my dogs ? @USER  @USER I occasionally indulge in nanna naps, too. ?
@USER Happy birthday my Bloggers favorite Blogger. @USER Thank u cuz.
helping Romila Thapar buy a phone is the highlight of my month (and most probably my year). @USER It's good that we admire our great historians, her work is incredible but I personally believe that being an educated person we should believe in such things, if you could have helped her in producing new work or produce your work by yourself and much more things are there to be.
Travellers have been lobbying for a national health strategy,mental health strategy for over a decade our State and its organs failed us. Now look where we are our children dying by suicide at a shocking rate. ? @USER Shocking , God rest those poor children, it’s time for some intervention ?
That's pretty boss. Alright Ali G calm down.
@USER the umbrella! lmao. @USER Legit downpour.
As I dive more into health challenges that are prevalent within my family &amp; friends (heart disease, auto immune diseases, neurological diseases), research points to improving food choices for better nutrient density. Getting in protein, fiber, antioxidants &amp; the vitamins/minerals from whole food/plant food choices can make a huge difference.

 @USER has an amazing book called “How Not to Die”. I’m not saying to follow it directly, but it is definitely worth getting some ideas from.
By 2030, nearly 600 million people could still live on less than $2.15 daily.

@WorldBank’s latest Poverty and Shared Prosperity Report looks at the global poverty landscape after COVID &amp; other crises &amp; recommends policies to help countries correct course. @USER Nice ?
Just arrived in T 1 Dublin Airport last night. Gosh it is an absolute disgrace. Toilets manky. Toilet paper all over the place. The arrivals hall full of litter. Luggage hanging around all over the place. Absolutely so management evident at all. I’m thinking about our tourists…. @USER Irish tourism sector  @USER  @USER  @USER need to advocate for management changes  @USER it's a disgrace ppl not fools plenty of travel options to Belfast and Derry very busy ? #Belfast #DerryGirls #GameofThrones #Titanic ✈.
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER Whos going to want to buy when your not willing to sack rodgers and putting in rubbish performances?
So you're saying Geelong got Tanner Bruhn for nothing and Jack Bowes for free? @USER ?Money for nothing and your chicks for free?
10w-30. How crude.
વડોદરાના સલાટવાડા વિસ્તારમાં રખડતા ઢોરે ગર્ભવતી મહિલાને અડફેટે લેતા ગર્ભમાં રહેલા બાળકનું મૃત્યુ, મનપાએ ઢોર માલિક સમજતા નથી એમ કહીને હાથ ઉંચા કર્યા

#Vadodara. @USER તાત્કાલિક પગલાં લેવા જોઈએ  @USER અને  @USER જેઓ એ રખડતાં ઢોરનો કાયદો દિવાળી સુધી લંબાવ્યો છે એટલે જ આ ઘટના થઈ છે તો એમને જેલ થવી જોઈએ.
Carlow doesn't exist. Its just one of those things they put on the map to fill up space. carlovian here, can confirm, is real, but is a shithole.
i need them to expand on hob gadling’s storyline and give him flashbacks. i want roaring 20s hob, world war ii hob, flower-power 60s hippie hob, 70s glam rock hob. give me all the hobs. 

#hobgadling #ferdinandkingsley #sandman #thesandman #thesandmannetflix #renewsandman. @USER So you want a spinHob?
@USER  @USER  @USER Outfits plural is setting a high bar I didn't know I needed match. @USER  @USER  @USER Yeah thongs and singlets don’t cut it in Melbourne lol ?
Good morning everyone,
May the rest of the day be restful, and safe. On my end I am fine but with an upset stomach. I need to schedule another doctor's appointment because I feel a little lump in the stomach area. It could be a hernia who knows? I already had gallbladder surgery. know I am definitely not pregnant ??. This is just a gastrointestinal issue.
The first corona virus death in the US was in the town next to mine. Time to ask your crush out now.
? #IBD patients - what bothers you most about your IBD at this particular moment in time?

Whether related to disease, service, cost, quality of life... whatever... The mic is yours! ? Take it away... @USER My life is so restricted since last year, diet, trips, events. I haven’t found any real balance with medication and I’m on weekly doses of immunotherapy injections and no improvement! ?
@USER  @USER Name of this programme anyone??
Loved watching his docs growing up.. @USER  @USER Hi Fissyomi, this series is called The Mating Game, it explores the extraordinary range of courtship strategies animals use to win over a mate, from deserts to oceans &amp; jungles to freshwater habitats! You can watch it on BBC iPlayer, we'd love to hear what you think!?✌??
Found the original cart in an article on the proposed upgrade.
Interesting that it appears to have been $50k over budget but that wasn't mentioned. Government project being over budget is a given.
@USER Wait…so am I! @USER  @USER every time i feel bad about myself i remember he's two years older than i am.
Bench cam where  @USER admin??? @USER  @USER Will take time.
Food exports out of Ireland was so important that they stationed more British born troops in Ireland than they had in India. Plus they got the then pope to issue the threat of excommunication from the alters of Ireland on anyone interfering with the export of food. 
The RCC only responded to the starvation crisis when they saw Baptist evangelism elbowing in. Otherwise millions starving was not a concern to them. And they also imported food in one of the first major attempts to stop a famine. 
Peasants starving was not something 19th century regimes normally cared about, be it any of the famines in Ireland or Britain, or anywhere across Europe. 
Some of your points don't really make sense either. The British used sepoys in India, they never had huge numbers of British troops stationed there because it was really far away. 
Also, who do you think was exporting all this food? Do you not realise it was mostly Irish people?
You should be able to appeal the decision considering your term didn't start until the 6th. There are a lot of foreign students at my university who weren't here until the end of September because out term didn't start until then. 
Maybe try posting on r/legaladviceUK they might have more insight. 
Hope it works out for you. I will try thank you.
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Cars.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. The fact it blew up as a meme made so that now more people know that he didn't kill himself.
Idk why should I be afraid of someone coming to kill me. Fear keeps us from dying. I'm going to die anyway so rather than cower and beg like a pussy, I might just fight back the hardest I ever have because that same fear is going to tell me "you must kill this guy or you'll die" so I'll fight ten times harder. 
And I've seen these deffusers or pacifists get beaten to a bloody pulp while begging. That ain't gonna work. Either run, fight or do both. You're not fighting alone. life is not a videogame buddy.
@USER  @USER Fantastic! Bravo Des! ? @USER  @USER Clodagh, he got such a surprise. A wonderful day.
Schofield and Willoughby say they didn't jump queue when they did. @USER Jibbers.
I've seen a stack of these photos but when I go down to Woolies or Aldi,  the only thing that's missing from the shelves is Aeroguard. Not just at the nearest one to me but the two other suburbs I regularly stop at to buy stuff as I travel past. Might depend on your suburb I guess. In Carlingford, Sydney the aisles of long life products were like this.
Fidel Castro being Canadian PM Justin Trudeau's father.
The resemblance really is uncanny (he looks nothing like his supposed biological father) and when you see that the dates his mom was staying with the Castros in Cuba, everything really does line up.  She also had numerous affairs rumors with people like Mick Jagger while she was married.  She really had a history of getting around and partying at places like Studio 54, etc. Apparently the timelines don't match at all. His mother didn't meet him until after Trudeau was born. The rebuttal I saw also had pictures of young Pierre Trudeau to Justin Trudeau and they're similar.
Northern Ireland would like a quiet word. Northern Ireland doesn't have any quiet words. ;).
Its absolutely shite. Right thanks for your opinion stated as fact. I thought it was incredible and thoroughly enjoyed my time there. Perhaps you and I have different things that interest us eg I enjoy reading, learning and creating, and you enjoy banging stones together.
Lucky for me I don’t have enough friends for an intervention. @USER yes you do ?
@USER Does that start tonight? @USER Yerp.
What type of woman is Carrie Symonds? @USER She's a social climbing slapper.
Just come back from a drive with my dad, and I think I almost enjoyed it. Probably a sign I can actually drive, and I ought to sack off my current driving instructor for a more patient one - I'm sick of being shouted at, and it's got to the point where I jump if anyone in the passenger seat moves or raises their voice. Luckily enough, mine's away for two weeks now, so it gives me the opportunity to call around. 
Off for a carvery in a bit with the twin and a friend from school, which I'm looking forward to. Since I started my new job, my commute has tripled, and I don't have as much time with them as I'd like, so it's always nice for a catch-up. Remember, you're paying them! If you don't like the way they do it, get someone else. It's so important to have someone who builds your confidence to drive instead of lowering it.
My partner went and got some for me... girl went behind the counter and just gave it to him. Didn’t take ID, interrogate him about symptoms... 3 times in the past 4 years, I tried to get some when I was obviously sick... I got refused once (even when I went in with a Tamiflu script)... and the other times was treated like a criminal and had my ID scanned... 
I get my partner to go in... he must look trustworthy, because they always ask him: “how many boxes?”. Everyone gets their ID scanned.
A different girls name, i called her Rachel and that was my-ex, she wasn't over the moon. Ross?
Let businessmen use their minds to paint pictures of success in their businesses, and it shall be so. Let the career person imagine himself at the top echelon of his career, and it will be impossible for him to remain at the bottom. 

That’s how to get God committed. @USER Amen and Amen. I believe and receive I'm the Mighty Name of Lord Jesus Christ.
Using the word 'after' to signify the past tense. Interestingly, Latin forms a past tense very similarly: locutus est = he is having spoken = he spoke. Irish also does it (táim tar éis ...) but I don't know whether the Hiberno-English comes from the Irish or vice versa.
Next time put the warm water in a plastic bag and wipe it over your windscreen! Did not have the time at all this morning.. I can feel it already.. Its going to be a lovely day!
What an evil little tool. In the article they said his lawyer is claiming his behaviour wasn't entirely his fault because of his autism...I'm autistic and cannot stand that kind of language, he decided to rape and murder her because he wanted to, that's all there is to it. > I'm autistic and cannot stand that kind of language, he decided to rape and murder her because he wanted to, that's all there is to it.
I totally agree with you.
Grabs popcorn
This is a damn good question.... Can't wait for the results. Agreed. My family isn't boring, but porn has never been involved & I've only known like one person who's mother posed for Playboy.
@USER  @USER Both are ? don't spread hate for Indian team pillars. @USER  @USER  @USER Yesterday you were trolling kl now giving gyan on hate ??
Wait I think the biggest issue here is why was the parade on Saturday 29th February?! Belmar has the traditional first Sunday of March St Paddy's Day Parade here in Jersey, Asbury Park gets the 2nd Sunday for their parade.  It's all the towns trying to book the same  marching bands and bagpipers.
Man dresses appropriately for cold weather and is  silently harangued by idiot who has by some freak occurrence not yet won a Darwin award. ? Man hasn’t got the hang of the concept of taking off his coat if he’s a bit too warm.
Plague, Inc.  100% fucked. Hahhahahahah. That is just the real world rn.
This fellows face pisse’s me off so much.
Edit: ‘. '.
Why is the risk still incredibly low in Ireland? I've heard it said multiple times by the health officials with no context.
Is it just a numbers game or the climate or something? possibly very complex just my two guesses. We’ve only had 2 confirmed cases on the Island, and no known infections that took place on the island. The risk will get higher if we have cases from people who haven’t been to high risk areas, because that means people are becoming infected here. The risk won’t go to high until we get to a point of infections which can’t be traced.
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER  @USER Firmly secure wow is that like a prison secure I mean what about Democracy? What about Human rights?
Do Unionists not believe in such things? Or do they only apply if you're Not Scottish. I mean surely Scots decide their own Future or is that only outside the UK?
imagine being so fragile that the thumbs up emoji fucks you up

at least i have real problems. @USER  @USER I'm listening.
I am just going to fap as many times as I can and then go to sleeeeeep. 41 is the limit, always remember that.
For all the shit people like to talk about "totalitarian communist China" all the time, the above reads an awful lot like in a crisis it's generally better to be governed by China than anybody else.
Take hospital beds alone:
> China has hospital beds to treat 0.4% of the population at the same time - other developed countries have between 0.1% and 1.3%
China actually has beds for more than 0.4%: 4.34 beds per 1000 people, i.e. 0.434%.
Ireland? Less than 0.3%: 2.96 beds per 1000 people, i.e. 0.296%.  
Not only do they have THREE orders of magnitude more people, but they also have 47% percent MORE hospital beds for all of those people.
People downvoted me when I first said this, but I'll say it again:
> Protip: Don't run your health service [to] the absolute limit, to the point where a non-emergency already becomes a national emergency, because once an international health emergency then hits...
Is it too early to say I told you so? China also attempted to silence the doctor and refused to recognise the virus. The doctor died as a result.
I can say with hand on heart my opinion has nothing to do with gender, but for many, many years, I've found the writing, acting and effects in this show to be utterly cringeworthy. I remember watching an episode with the Slovene(?) aliens, around the time when people were absolutely raving about the brilliance and originality of the revival, and it was literally an entire 45 minutes of fart jokes.
@USER I think if im right in saying it was  @USER and @MacMate_. @USER  @USER  @USER Ye mate. F channel rise up.
The Brave Little Toaster™. That air conditioner, man.
It is one of the most touching bereavements!
That bring unremitting torments
To one's soul!
And fill the heart with thoughts, fair and foul!
I know not how long 
Shall I bear this irreparable loss,
That hath hit me strong
To the core,
A memory, that gathers no moss! @USER A memory of a flower is not in the essence that lingers somewhere in the palm of hands, but whiff of fragrance nostrils caught, with the humble wind! It's the petals that are now dry, the prickly thorn! A bubbly rose now exist in some other sphere.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. That's the one.
we are not at this point yet. Unless you live in an area which has had an infection, its not worth you start to panic yet. I mean, I live near MK, some of the quarantines are there, I'm still not panicking.
Horses is a fucking garbage song, when did it become a cultural touchstone because I thought it was shithouse back in the 90s too. I wasn't a fan when it came out either.
From  what I've heard, it was so shit the clubs started to use it as a last song of the night. To get people to fuck off home! Of course, everyone's happy and pissed so it became tied in with that feeling and now there's a generation that think it's awesome.
Idiots.
When you are a necrophiliac and want to know if she can get pregnant. Don't want any of that anti-crisis support.
@USER Gm ??? @USER GM GM ??
Been working since 16 and I’ve never been promoted in my life. Debenhams, Next, McDonalds, more pubs than I can count, every manager I’ve had rightfully looked at me and thought “you are lucky to even have this job.” 

Until now! Say hello to Birkbeck’s newest Senior Lecturer!! @USER Hello. and congratulations.
Today I recorded people’s lips telling stories of loss in response to my recent film. It was heavy but wholesome: we cried, we hugged, we shared &amp; we said the names of those that are no longer with us. It is an utterly humbling privilege to be with people to tell their stories. @USER ❤️.
PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.
Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons: 


Rule 3: You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".


Rule 3: Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.


Rule 1: You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  The question must be a full sentence.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".


If you have any queries or concerns, please feel free to contact the mods. Thank you.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns. Fuck off.
Pyaar ka dusra naam kya hay? @USER Dhoka.
@USER You need to get yourself a hunting knife now that your camping in the wilds of Ireland in your camper.
It’ll come in handy for opening those packets ? @USER Ain't that the truth ?
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Coffe.
Brexit is just a bunch of rich cunts fucking over a nation so they can avoid the incoming EU tax laws. I mean paying as few taxes is possible is a good thing especially if it’s not even ur citizens benefiting.
I am just going to fap as many times as I can and then go to sleeeeeep. Yeh superpower mujhe bhi chahiye.
In the gents toilet where I work, there's a hand towel that hasn't been washed in at least 6 months. It turns my stomach and I refuse to go near it. Is it one of those roller lads or just, like, literally the kind of towel one would have at home?
Nothing to see here just a Chinese vessel mapping the ocean to prepare for a possible china America war. More likely looking for the undersea internet/other communication cables so they know where to cut if/when...
Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort Theme. A man of culture.
To all the girls who have eyes on only one guy are the real princess ?? @USER I used to be that guy. 

But ever since I got married, I don’t get those looks, but the stares ?
I'm trying to read reddit with one eye  . Which eye?
Just went and to grab a few things for dinner tonight there were people panic buying at Woolies. Not sure why you were downvoted. I had the same experience at Coles. It was kind of chaotic and weird.
Other people on social media when they’re being trolls. They only do it because 99% of them wouldn’t have the nerve to say whatever they’re saying to your face. Saw someone on a friend's FB comments have the nerve to tell her to "check her sources" and link to a meme. The friend has a PhD in the field being discussed.
Saw a mosquito on the wall and for some stupid reason I thought a let’s punch him into bits, so I make a fist and thrust it into the wall and the mosquito flees injured and my hand is killing me.
It literally hurts like a fracture. Handwash karle.
URL. Oh. It’s not about the harness. They’re just selling the t shirt. Thought it was odd.
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious. @USER Yes. Doing that seems often ostracises others. It’s better to confine and limit your vocabulary so that all and sundry can understand. Communication needs to be short and succinct. Longer sentences do not necessarily convey the same meaning and can cause confusion.
Eff no. It is pointless what passes for education these days. I agree with u but it said people who like school.
I met my husband on Tinder. We love each other and we are very happy together. That's awesome! Congratulations!
Which town is it really, and school? If your referring to the school in the east of ireland that the news is reporting on then it's Scoil Catriona on mobhi road in dublin.
Do men still cook &amp;wash the dishes???? @USER Mine does, thank goodness ?.
@USER Cheers Ian and everyone ????? @USER Cheers??Ian.
You don't have to hate someone to break up with them.  Be firm and honest.  This relationship isn't working for you and the two of you are not as good together as you had hoped.  They may think you are being a dick, or they may realize you are right, or they may have been thinking the same thing. you can't control their reaction, just your actions. Good answer thanks!
Psychology is a Freud subject
u/visionerarchitect. WUNDT agree.
Is there a dignified way to fasten a bodysuit? @USER Dignity is in tact until you give up closing it and just let it flap, imo xx.
Damn, for a sec i thought its from a videogame. lol I thought this was modded Morrowind at first.  Think its the way the sky looks in the background.
What SONG did YOU listen to TODAY? @USER REM what's the Frequency, Kenneth ?
Coming to Cincinnati for a couple days tomorrow! Would love to know what to eat, please! @USER @sottocincy.
@USER hey team. Order placed on 30 Sept. Items remain Unshipped after 8 days. Sales offers misleading if items are not going to be shipped. Should I DM order number? No update on this!!
@USER The Dáil pays TDs FAR MORE than the Assembly does MLAs.
What do reckon? @USER  @USER What's the TD salary?
Get his number and report him to the police.   URL. Hits xilog over the head with a frying pan
"It's the only thing for a grass".
English breakfast tea ? It's just normal tea.
Labor was in government for six fucking years and didn't once think 'gee maybe we ought to do something about the giant glaring nepotistic media monopoly in this country'?
Nup. Nothin. No spine in government, no spine out of government. I think they'll win next time but I won't be voting for them. Greens #1 Senate only. Same for HOR if I vote for it. #1 Greens only. If that spoils the HOR ballot tough, change the laws. I will not rank trash. Yep, Labor is just as beholden to the coporations and Murdoch. They act progressive but maintain the status quo. Vote Greens on everything, they actually have policies on the issues and modelling showing how it can be achieved. Although don't they not count your vote if you don't rank at least 8 or something?
Are you Afraid to fly? I am. @USER I was in the beginning but now I fly a lot so not so much.
@USER Tu taff combien d'heure la semaine mon boug? @USER 44, possibilité de travailler le samedi matin ce qui peut être 49h au plus mais faut que je fasse la demande.
@USER Here it's been raining since 3 days ffs. @USER North me rimjhim baarish ho Rahi hai.
@USER  @USER @EK3N3. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER This is the reason why most of these guys don't give access to fans. Why record him?
On Friday nights the ABC used to replace 7 30 Report with state-based programs. Far and away the finest was NSW’s brilliantly produced and presented by Quentin Dempster- sacked by Mark Scott ‘because of budget costs’. A tragedy for the ABC and local politics. Bring back Quentin! @USER I used to enjoy the same in Qld!
Samurai sword. How long would it take for it to dull out? I'm sure it would be in heavy use.
Dear  @USER please understand that it’s not allowed to call people who are under DND. Whenever we visit your site, you people are tracking us and we see you calling us. This is not appropriate.  @USER  @USER please take necessary action. Your executive Karishma. Just called while I was on your site and this is shocking that how can you track and trace like this. No more dealing with ICICI Pru henceforth.
That boy at bottom left can't be more than 14 years old. Okay.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Are these people in the room with us now, Dan?
Have you tried just doing your actual TAFE work while at TAFE and leaving the video games for when you get home? .. can't do what's already done during class time. If you need your lunch break to work, I'm concerned for your success. ;x.
Can those Federer fans in the disguise of journalists retire together with Federer?

The worst thing that Federer has brought to tennis is almost everyone in this industry put their Federer fandom over moral &amp; work ethics, fawning over him while smearing others (mainly Djokovic). @USER Rafa &amp; Roger earned their fan love &amp; journalists’ respect. Most commentators admire Novax play &amp; support him.Few can ignore his rageful vibe &amp; uniquely unpleasant court behavior. No #1 in history ever got defaulted from a slam for hurting a linesperson or racket smash @ Olympics!
My theories ..
.Modiji is Celebrating April 1st in March 
Yoga baba is coming out with a new app ../ or he's going to make tik Tok videos 
Last..humara bada khatnewala Hein .. My theory - All of the above.
Love a bitta Lankum, haven't seen them live yet though. I saw Radie Peat supporting Beak> last month in the Button Factory, she's incredible, really have to see the full line up soon.
I went there about 10 years ago. Costs about £20 to go in and it's just a greenhouse. Completely agree. It's just a fairly posh garden centre where you can't buy any of the plants.
The only redeeming feature was the unbelievable size of the slice of cake I got from the cafe at the end. I actually didn't need any dinner.
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER I work for Cleveland Clinic Florida and have my Bivalent COVID vaccine scheduled for 2 weeks from now. Just got my flu shot today and want to wait a few weeks. Last time I got them both together (booster + flu) and had elbow bursitis for 3 months in that arm!
Drake. His music doesnt seem so good in my opinion. It is just bland and the same.
I was on twitter just now and saw about uttam nagar. Came here to check if it's true. I'm glad it's not. Thanks u/neglectedsince1994. Take care.. Have a nice day. :)
Stay alert.
@USER You're correct but their way sounds much more dramatic.. @USER  @USER Indeed,much histrionics and an extraordinary display of flouncing . I could never come close to emulate that level of exposition .(I was a disappointment to my parents ).
Yeah but it’s funny because it’ll do nothing to stop the spread of coronavirus.. True, if it is a droplet infection. 
Ring-a-ring o' roses,
A pocket full of posies,
A-tishoo! A-tishoo!
We all fall down.
@USER  @USER He still playing? @USER  @USER Injuries never leave old footy players #ouch.
If you could “Delete” anything from your past, what would it be? @USER Meeting a person ?
Q2. What is the sale price of the #GalaxyZFlip3?
A. INR 69,999 till 12th October
B. INR 54,999 till 12th October
C. INR 74,999 till 12th October
D. INR 84,999 till 12th October

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER B. 54,999 till 12th October
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
I'm a 4 and I get dog's abuse for it. 4 is the perfect cup. Any stronger and you might as well not have milk and any weaker and you might as well not have tea.
Man dresses appropriately for cold weather and is  silently harangued by idiot who has by some freak occurrence not yet won a Darwin award. ? Man hasn’t got the hang of the concept of taking off his coat if he’s a bit too warm.
@USER  @USER Wow! She’s so beautiful!!!!??? @USER  @USER Thank you Anna! ❤️‍?❤️‍?❤️‍?❤️‍?
@USER Happy birthday. @USER Thanks love! ?
Two most difficult areas in counseling in medicine -
1. Convincing a patient with widal positive test that they don't need an antibiotic
2. Convincing patient to start/switch to insulin when the situation demands.
#MedTwitter
Any other issues frequently faced in counseling? @USER Doctors' community themselves had made antibiotics a norm rather than an exception. Sad state of affairs. Patients now need anti-antibiotics councelling.
There was a discussion on twitter recently where income taxes across various wage levels were compared to other countries. It made it look like we tax more at higher incomes and less on lower earners than  other eu countries with better social services. Is there truth in this? 
It obviously excludes corporation tax. Not more on higher incomes. I think we tax roughly the same on high incomes as the nordic countries but less on low and middle incomes.
People think optimizing for impressions means ignoring business goals.

But it really just means ensuring that your content gets seen. @USER Absolutely!
When your kids friend comes over for a sleepover and brings you a gift… and it’s a “f*ck the patriarchy” necklace she’s made. The kids are alright #feminism #patriarchy. @USER They clearly know your aesthetic ?
@USER Next up the 747? ? @USER No point. We don’t move enough of them. We have some contractors to use on the occasion they come up.
No surprises. BJP wants power at any cost. They don't mind even if country get burned. All the electoral money at play!
Before the usual suspects mock #JoeBiden for falling off his bike, remember that if #DonaldTrump fell over he'd never be able to get up again. @USER That is true…we saw him attempt a ramp ?
So, i woke up just before 6am in this house my friend is renting.... We arrived last night after dark with a car absolutely stuffed to the roof with every wordly possession &amp; 12bt of wine #WinemakerThugLife. Unsurprisingly, we were both exhausted (having driven over from Meopham during bloody rush hour on the M26/M25/M4/M3 (so yes, the absolute pinnacle of driving good sense and calm behaviour).
@USER Que Dios bendiga su alma,Oscar, al final todos nos vamos, lo importante es que su vida tuviera significado y tuviera una vida VIVIDA, solo tengo que mirar tus ojos en tu foto para saber que tipo de hombre eres, tu padre tuvo un buen hijo. solo hay luz donde ellos van. @USER Gracias macho.
Question for people older than me: Were the left always such unutterable pieces of garbage, or have they gotten a lot worse in recent years? @USER They’ve gotten a lot worse.
I don’t get why the term living in your parent’s basement is an insult?
I thought Indians took great pride in living together.
Probably western culture focuses more on self dependence and living independently. That’s bizarre. Or marybe I’m an orthodox bigot. It's just difference of opinion. 
Earlier, most India were poor and uneducated, they depend on others to make their living. We are agriculture based country while west are mostly industrial based country. 
These differences make our living conditions. If you can get any job and place to live in a country, but still choose to live in your parents basement, isn't it would be an insult.
Going the other way:€50k fine for blatant pollution of Cork lagoon; 2,000 truckloads of builders rubble dumped. Yes but the state only picks on easy targets . Too much hassle for them to go after someone with resources.
Is it because I'm not British (though I've lived in the UK since arriving from Ireland as a young child) that I can't relate to this mass 'grief' around the death of the Queen? @USER No

It is because you are rational.
I work in the industry, whoever gets to run these buses is going to be insanely rich. 
The first thing that will suffer is hygiene. It will be a good friend of the LNP.
@USER OK, this is how you get disappointed as a fan. You got to be realistic. Tennessee is a good team. But they aren't a top-5/top-10 team. You will beat Florida (42-24). You will beat LSU (45-30). You will lose to Alabama (38-27). You will lose to Georgia (42-20). Ten win season. ? @USER We are literally the #11 team in the nation as we speak. If we beat LSU and Florida, we will be a top 5 team. 

I'm good with that. But I don't understand why anyone thinks we can't beat Bama. Texas had them beat and our offense is WAY better than Texas.
Finally! 
This must be the first time in many millennia that the Vatican punished a rapist with anything but reassignment. Can somebody confirm this? If so, it's huge.
The reality is, the level of denial about how much tax people pay in Ireland means we'll never have a Nordic social democracy.
Voters want somebody else to be made to pay, and the realisation that wealthy people are the only ones even close to paying the tax burden of a standard social-democracy is something no Irish politicians will dare to utter. Great article. There is a lot to take in there and I don't think the majority of people who voted for SF and 'change' would be happy about having to pay that much more tax to get the housing and health changes they want. 
They just want to tax the corporations and that won't be enough. 
If the next government do decide to take the country in that direction of higher taxes for all then FFG will be back in power in four years with a sizeable majority.
Bring the bread with you and try every toaster. I almost got chucked out of Curry's when I suggested this last time.
@USER WTF??????
She ok? @USER She's fine. It's fake. Haha
She did a SFX workshop today.
@USER So damn hot??? @USER Thanx bro.
@USER Jalandhar ajo. @USER Jrur bhaine... Dso kdo ayie?
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Congrats!
@USER gorgeous. @USER Thank you ??
What is a quote from a fictional character that has stuck with you ever since? @USER "never ever say never ever" Macgruber giving advice to a "rookie' before creating a distraction by confronting the enemy -naked with celery up his bum.
Is 9/11 really not on here? On "best" there's one literally over 4 hours old with over 1K upvotes, and, on mobile, the first page without having to "show more." Sorting by "Top," it's only halfway down. I've read dozens of others prior to your comment, too. C'mon man, read or use find in page function. Did you really think YOU were the first, in over 8K comments on a conspiracy theory thread to mention 9/11?
I'm officially a Daemon apologist from today. This episode of #HOTD was ? @USER Daemon Supremacy #HOTD.
Hi fellow chronically ill and/or disabled friends,

What's something about your chronic illness and/or disability that people around you don't understand? @USER That there is anything else wrong with me other than my legs not working.
@USER Nobody cares about your sexuality. @USER  @USER You might not but the stigma around gay players in football is real if you like it or not.
Essendon has strong interest in Carlton midfielder Will Setterfield who remains out of contract with the Blues. 
Talks progress between the Bombers and the Setterfield camp but it’s one that’s set to elevate over the weekend @7NewsMelbourne. @USER  @USER Has Sheedy approved?
@USER Same on my side ? @USER Really?! 
Oh god??‍♀️, time for art tho??
Ridiculous.
Give them to the crowds and see what comes out. We are a civilised society and mob “justice” is not legitimate form of justice.
Apparently the execution was stayed because the president has not replied to the mercy petition filed by the convicts.
Loved the first year of the URC.

South African teams have literally changed the game.

Brilliant. @USER Yes agreed @thepaulwilliams, the URC will have a different focus next year and hope the Welsh regions get the support they need from the @WelshRugbyUnion.
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The criminal years!
Ugh Newstart was the WORST. I moved states and had to be on it for a little while. They tried to send me to a literacy program, one to ready you for work, and one for writing CVs. I escalated through the useless people there finally to a manager and she was the only one who listened when I told her I had a bachelor with honours and had just left my PhD to move. That I had worked in the industry already and my CV was great but it was grant season, and jobs wouldn't start being advertised for two months or so.  Literally the ONLY person who listened.
Like, those courses were filled withand directed at people who hadn't finished school. How do you look at my details and not think 'yeah probably no need for literacy and basic math for this person'. I literally had one of these people tell me to take my PhD, lab experience and bachelors off my resume so that I could apply for jobs in retail. I was very happy to land a job by the time these fucktards were able to call me again.
That Fidel Castro is Justin Trudeau's father.
I highly recommend looking into this because it's so interesting. There are a bunch of photos of his mom with Fidel Castro around and slightly before she would have gotten pregnant. Also his mom and dad are both very white, and for some reason (and I know this is weird but) Justin has brown nipples, which isn't a very common trait in white people.
Edit: I know that there are white people with brown nipples but it's notable just because his parents don't have brown nipples. Well, I just googled "white people nipple colour", so there's that.
Bangladesh: Openly critical of India. 
Nepal: Embroiled in a border dispute. 
Bhutan: Limiting Indian tourist access. 
Sri Lanka: Rajapaksa ousts pro-India incumbent.
Afghanistan: Americans are rehabilitating the Taliban. 
Iran: See above.
Pakistan: Pushing forward with a concerted diplomatic offensive. 
China: Making ingress into Indian territory by building infrastructure to change facts on ground. 
But at least watching Jaishankar give tactless aggressive responses to foreign dignitaries provides bahkts enough material to jack off over a “strong India”.
Wonder what happened to his “look east policy”, I’m assuming planning guided tours to Kashmir is taking up all of the foreign ministry’s time. Sab anti-national international hai ji...
Road traffic offenses arent criminal offences as such. 
This is not legal advice but I don't think it would be on your vetting anyway. 
I got a copy of my stuff and the penatly point stuff wasnt on it. Thanks.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What's going to happen with the empty space on the left of photo (south of thr park)? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The park will sit within the wider Mayfield neighbourhood. Around the 6.5-acre park will be new homes, offices, retail and leisure space.
The rain event forecast for the next few days should ensure it’s all out. Hopefully fill the dams up too! that would be a wonderful thing indeed!
@USER Two in one arm! You are a trooper! I got one in each : ) Hope you feel great! Looks like a great day! Dan. @USER I’d rather have one sore arm than two.
3 of my ex colleagues from my previous company quit yesterday, 2 I was on very good terms with, including a guy that was among the top performers who couldn't handle the politics any more.
Meanwhile David de Gea (and Jordan Pickford) are collecting their paychecks.
Another mate (my bestie at work and said top performer's roomie) just spilled the beans today on why HR encouraged me to quit during probation period itself so he could save 185000 for the company.
Sucks. Sales role me sab performance based hi hota kya? like CGPA in college?
I'm still washing my hands. Besides I know I won't get it. > I'm still washing my hands.
For now. People had apparently already bought ALL stock of soap bar / liquid hand soap etc. products when I went to do my usual grocery shop locally yesterday.  Eejits panic buying and hoarding a year's supply of soap, or just a lot more people who just started, you know, washing, or I suppose a combo of the two...
Soap making, even from a "you're in a forest and it's the stone age" level, is actually pretty easy of course, but very labor-intensive compared to going to a shop and buying it, sigh...
Can you hear that?
Listen, really carefully. 
Can you hear it yet? 
“What?” I hear you ask. The sound of your citizenship being revoked. Greggs is a national institution. Which like the lord's should be disposed of.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Yeah, Pretty much. I feel like here in Brissy we get Summer, Summer, Autumn, Spring. There's that rainier period, and that windy period, and the month where you can actually wear jeans during the day, but otherwise it's thongs, shorts and a singlet.
What is most surprising about your favorite NFL team through 2 games? @USER Patriots defense is better than I thought it would be.
@USER gand fatati h bhai koi sunny bola toh..Chennai things. @USER Chennai ka hoga but yaha 4 din baad Suraj nikla hai ?
As an American that's been here for awhile now, I do appreciate the idea of not spending the entire budget on tanks every year, but I'm also pretty sure I could take over the country with a good pistol, a few molotovs, and a half decent scarecrow.  A little more funding for the poor lads in the defense force might be appropriate
Edit: Apparently none of you can understand hyperbole and instantly equate more funding with a call for rampant militarism and imperialism. Calm down you knee-jerk slacktivist keyboard warriors. ‘As an American’....the preamble to absolute shite. Your ‘society’ is the youngest in the world and it is a mishmash of different countries’ cultures. Your military/government are the ultimate global terrorists, nobody wants to be like you. You’d get your molotov swiftly rammed up your arse if you start making those threats here. Shut up and keep your aggressive ideologies to yourself.
Bearer Party, to the pub - quick march. Bearer Party, lift tankard. Bearer party, down beer. You’ve earned it. @USER I thought you hated the Royal Family !
I wouldn't be surprise if  @USER told the Premiers to drop protections ahead of the Federal election. Not make Labor "part of lockdown", Gets it both ways. Let it rip under Scott then pretend hands are tied. Premiers held out for so long. @USER  @USER He is pure evil. A bully and a narcissist. Malicious too.
@USER Got mine today, too. Feel like crap! @USER This one doesn’t seem to have made me feel bad.
@USER  @USER 
There is no such thing as an Ibibio kingdom and the Ibibios don't have a King. Go and verify! @USER  @USER  @USER So, who exactly is the monarch?
It's sad that these people died.
But I think it's inappropriate to romanticise them, as often happens.  Some of them were linked to particularly horrible attrocities against civilians.
They weren't in my view political prisoners any more than the UDA or UVF were. +1!
@USER People are quick to assume. I'm always smiling, yet people say I'm stuck up.??‍♀️ 

But the key point is, it's someone who doesn't know you personally that said it. Let them keep assuming. Don't let it bother you. It used to bother me. Not anymore. @USER Thank you so much for your kind words?
We broke down in the middle of the desert in AZ and there’s people shooting at us. Then there’s this random lady driving a tow truck with 2 dogs following her that attacked us and It was definitely intentional. (We just got picked up &amp; safe). @USER Stay safe and blessed happy that you got help xXx.
The self-perpetuating warming effect we have put in place. Things are thawing, specifically tundras that trap methane and other greenhouse gases. The more they thaw, the more the earth warms, so they will thaw even faster. If humanity's carbon footprint ended entirely right now, the earth would still continue to heat up. This will kill off the ocean phytoplankton and stop 2/3 of all oxygen production on earth. All other oxygen-breathing life larger than a tardigrade will die. All life relying on a food chain based on plankton will die. In all likelihood, very little multicellular life will continue to exist on this planet.
And all that will happen even faster if humanity continues to exist. Calm down Greta, earth will be fine, we won’t be, life will go on.
More than 8 Crore content creators in India ??
Only around 1.5 Lakh of them are able to monetise it ? @USER Less than 500 cricketers in india(A grade ) , but ur namesake inspite of being in top 200 never able to monetise it.
There goes any hope of having any bandwith at all left over tomorrow. Plenty of capacity at INEX. 
If your ISP is shite, then either change, or harass them for a presence on INEX (If they are not there).
@USER My sister is comma that is your problem, pls add it to make it complete. @USER  @USER ?
@USER  @USER I (and many vegetarians) like the taste of meat, but don't want animals to be slaughtered for it ? @USER  @USER ??
Avoid zero days (do something productive at least once a day) and read (odds are someone smarter than you figured out something you want to know and wrote it down). I’m having an existential crisis it seems I just gotta make sure I keep myself busy I guess.
Claims the US/West denied defense equipment to India seem unfair &amp; incomplete. All parties made choices. Price &amp; tech leakage were factors, as were political strategies. The USSR sought to foil Indian diversification to keep it on the hook &amp; Delhi sought to appease Moscow. A ?1/. @USER Do u even realise how much the sanctions by West have hurt. Yes it was a choice India made to go to ussr for arms cause it was being denied by the biggest supplier us, who incidently was the one arming our neighbour. Not only weapons but also technology was denied.
Making mates as a fully fledged adult is a widely shared challenge. Being a gay lad also has its own unique problems attached to the challenge. I agree with your sentiments with regards to other gay guys. It’s very difficult for many, myself included, upon knowing someone new is gay, to separate their sexuality and not consider having sex with them. Just thinking of someone in that regard is going to really skew the foundations of a friendship developing organically.
On the other end, becoming mates with straight lads, I’ve gotten great at shutting down notions of dating or sex with a guy once I find out he’s straight. Yet there is a general sense of unease when I meet new straight guys, I think most of it stems from me being overly cautious to  ensure they don’t think I’m in any way coming on to them at all, I would hate to make someone feel uncomfortable in that way. So baseline friendliness is reduced as a result because I’m over-compensating for them knowing I’m gay and being perhaps sensitive to anything I may do or say.
Clearly I’m reading a lot into it here, but I ask myself similar questions as you appear to be. The friends I have made as an adult have been through work and one guy I did briefly date that we managed to transition to a good friendship. 
Whatever your avenue, gaming, sports, acting etc. so much of life, of success and of friendship is just solely about showing up, being present and demonstrating that you are reliable. Flakiness abounds in society lately so defying this trend says a lot nowadays. I think many people say and state they are into this that and the other, but say it simply to appear and fool themselves as being interesting engaged people but who rarely if ever actively participate in their stated hobbies.
Instead, actually go to that event, attend that talk, enter that competition, in the words of the great Shia La Beouf; “just do it!”. Completely understand your sentiment. It's tough. You're always overthinking some aspect of said friendship be it straight or gay guy. Very frustrating. 
Absolutely, I'm loyal to a fault and if I make plans with someone I will always stick to them unless I'm sick or something. Very rare nowadays to get someone who will do that for you.
@USER  @USER Any chance of remembering the Southern Hemisphere or will this just be the endless US tour again? @USER  @USER  @USER Always comes down to promoters. If someone puts up the money for a tour of that region, I'm sure the band would love it. With touring expenses these days, promoters have a lot more to risk with guarantees. Tricky business.
The fitout is $343,945.60
 URL 
Let's all take a moment to soak in the irony of most of parliament being the kind to rake inner city latte sippers into the bin with spent grinds. Conservatives projecting; it has more spreadability than corona virus.
They're acting? Wait so they weren't non related by blood?
@USER #FZS
I am a FZS V3 BS6 bike user and just after one and half year tank panel is got broken. Most of the FZS user are facing same problem. If we go to the service centre, they ask to change the panel. What a worst design for fitting of this tank panel.  1/2. Design should be rigid and trouble free. Very disappointed. People are investing 1.3 lac amount for bike means they expect something good. Whole tank is fitted on just 2 screws??  Look is okay but .... This tank panel is the big fault of the designer. Need solution
@India_Yamaha.
@USER Iconic. @USER  @USER Brilliant pic.
@USER What's the point in winning an election if you then have to appease the Tory voters you wooed? @USER How are you going to win without.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Yeah where was summer in the metro areas... Oh right there wasn't ?
Whataburger. I miss Whataburger so much. Moved back home and the best we've got now is Lee's Chicken.
Sorry if awkward, but does anyone else here masturbate to their classmates ? OkayJanu, for sure.
If you think how Italy went from under 10 confirmed cases up to over 1700 confirmed cases in the space of 10 days its probably not ridiculous of anyone on this sub to atleast buy the essentials needed in a practical sense. Buying products that have no expiry date and can be used regardless of the eventualities of this virus.
My list
Gas for cooking. 
Cooking oil
Toilet roll. 
Bottled water or one of those purifier yokes to improve the tap water. 
Any medicine needed/ask doctor for a few scripts
Hand sanitiser
Any foodstuff you like to eat with a long expiry date, not fucking bread or milk. You realize that it didn't spread from 10 to 1700 in 10 days right? That's just how much testing they did in 10 days.
@USER May I ask what exactly it is ? @USER  @USER Hot buttered crumpets ?
Knew someone who worked in a bank, their hands would get black with dirt after handling money. Physical money is fully gross.
Because of Julius and Augustus Caesar. Plus each got 31 days in their month, stealing from February, jacking the entire thing up.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER मंगल सन्देश Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
Why would anyone use this service given the drawbacks and huge charges? I'd imagine, like their old postfone thing they had its to fleece the grannies.
Female directors that are also mums (and likes musicals) - make yourselves known! @USER  @USER should be able to help you out there!
What I found was that Melbourne got as hot as Sydney but it takes longer. E.g. Sydney will be muggy and 35 by 9 am but Melbourne will take until 2 to get there. Still 35 in the end but the day on average was cooler. I’ve actually noticed that too, comparing Brisbane and Melbourne though as my sister in law was down there. If it’s gonna be a hot day in Brisbane, you can tell as soon as you wake up. 
Melbourne also seems to have greater range in the maximums for the weekly forecast. If we have a minor heatwave, you’ll see a few days increasing, a few days super hot then back down. Melbourne seems to sometimes up and down really fast, I saw one day that was going to be like 35 and the next was only getting up to 26.
@USER Who you talking abt me ?? @USER i would never !
Comment down your favourite SENA century of  @USER ? @USER  @USER 123 at perth.
It will all be stale ina week too, but the shops will still be open... You can freeze it and it’ll be fine. 
I always have 3/4 loafs of bread frozen, handy if you forget to pick some up or if something happens, like the snow. Unusual but handy a few times a year.
Can we just stop with this now? I enjoy finding out the backstory, and what happened next.
@USER The best you can do is beautiful lol

Lovely.
I hope you are feeling okay x. @USER Thanks Kym, doing ok. ?
#TrumpMeltdown Have they investigated Trump’s relationship to Jeffery Epstein yet? @USER Always going back to bill Clinton. Now look at 550 Arizona kids missing from the state cps. Pedophile.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER We are forwarding your complaint to the concerned department for necessary action. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Sir, no action has been taken to date. Please take urgent action in the matter.
You will need ID and proof of address. If you already have an account, and you can prove that, you should be OK. They are issuing SSCN codes that you can use to identify yourself as an account holder. Thanks, IF.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Do you want them to betray their manifesto like the Tories do.
No need to worry, that is the manager of Engadine Maccas.
Just a standard days supply. He needs double that for when the sharkies play at home! Everyone knows what Scotty is like on the turps.
@USER Good morning bro. @USER Have a good one.
सुना है सबकुछ मिल जाता है गूगल पर
 वफादार दोस्त चाहिए लोकेशन भेजना मुझे. @USER ए हैं लोकेशन.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Where the feck have been you been? Just asking ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The last of 2 doz. Still some in  @USER Athy.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER Look at twelve years of misrule in every other place you failed to mention....
I think it's a serious threat to our society. But I've known quite a few still think it's just a flu. Same. It makes me quite angry that many outlets, including the BBC, previously compared it to seasonal flu, when know that the case fatality rate is much higher. As a result, I’m having a hard time convincing my 75 year old father, who has heart issues, to take it seriously...
We just outraised Greg Abbott — again.

Now we’re going to defeat him. That’s how we overcome his extremism and move Texas forward. @USER Money won’t get you elected.
Date a guy and he’ll start acting like a kid around you. @USER Mommy issues.
Pretty telling of the evil of the USSR... Yeah, obviously you get the guns first, then you shoot the Bishops.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER You silly man. Weve had 12 years of a Tory government and police cuts. Ditto funding to the nhs. Youd be dangerous if you had a brain.
.....who the fk orders drugs....... I mean I get Dexamphetamine delivered to my house by chemist warehouse but that's only because I forget to go in and they have my scripts anyway.
Brexit is just a bunch of rich cunts fucking over a nation so they can avoid the incoming EU tax laws. I mean paying as few taxes is possible is a good thing especially if it’s not even ur citizens benefiting.
Can't get it without being anti-national. Nah , everyone will get it.
What do people think the worst case scenario is with COVID-19? Like do people think we'll get the country shut down for two weeks or what? Genuine question, I know it's something the government/international bodies don't want to talk about yet/at all so I'm curious what people imagine it to be. OK, so, assuming for some reason that we do get a major fucking outbreak with say 200-300,000  infected, people are going to have to be treated at home  while holed up in their rooms. 
Mild cases just need food, supplies and maybe money - middling cases should be treated by community nurses and a few doctors (freed up by the canceling of all elective procedures) who check in on them wearing a full set of NBC protection).  Their transport would be arranged by the army, who'd take charge of hosing them down between visits.   
The Civil Defense would be in charge of distributing supplies like anti-inflammatories and food, fresh water etc.
AGS would take care of civil order and all limits on overtime for all branches would be lifted. 
That's a broad-brush look at how we might tackle things, and while we're honestly not familiar with this type of regime and it'd be a very odd time I think on the whole Irish people would help pitch in and be helpful.
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER BIG happy birthday to yoooou ???
If you had to gift me the last thing you purchased, what would I be getting? @USER Purse way too many purses !!!!!!??❤️??????
Weak men are the most dangerous humans in the world. @USER I know many alpha males, real ones, like @roger_westhoff, @Beartxag, almost everyone I work with and the difference between them and males like you is they are quietly and utterly competent and confident where you so desperately reek and screech of Prom King Douchebaggery.
Anyone optimistic about the future? Me.
Out in athy dude saw two but I just put it down to a falling star. If I seen 2 I’d think the same but there was genuinely about 12 in a row all going the same direction the same distance apart, weird man.
You can smell the desperation. You can smell the Lynx Africa.
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious. @USER I concur, verbosity doesn’t equate with lucidity, it’s just insufferable pomposity and sententiousness.
@USER Boo Hoo. @USER Hi Jim.
Also, this country is dead. No fucking doubt it is GONE. No reviving from this. here's what's gonna happen in the next few years:-

Muslims will continue to be killed and hunted
NRC and CAA will be applied without obstruction
Most Muslims will move to other countries as migrants
Yogi will become PM in '24
The Muslims still in the country will be killed and raped by sanghis
India will become a Hindu nation (duh it already is)
Then people will start to get divided by caste
The Hindu nation will realize that they should've paid attention to major issues like economy and shit before because now it's irreparable
This country where the police, the courts and the lawmakers are sold for prices, how can you expect justice even when everyone is the same religion
The country will fall into the trap of rich gets richer poor gets poorer
India will turn into Syria and RSS will be termed a terrorist organization like ISIS
'Virat Hindus' today will finally get what they always wanted

Maybe 5 years maybe 10 years or maybe 15 years down the line, one day, people will realize that they never wanted this. Even the sanghis will sit down and think "Is this what I wanted?"
Sit and think. Sit, and think. Agree to most of it. Except it won't be syria because of business tycoons who have all invested here heavily. May be something like Saudi Arabia that moves according to their religious laws and morals. No way I see a Syria here. Atleast the government has to maintain some level of image to get avoided from sanctions etc. Anyway I don't expect a Syria like situation.
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER ?????? Well done , relief.
@USER Blocked. @USER  @USER He'd walk into virtually every team in the league.
If stupidity doesn't get them first. wouldn't really say being prepared for a possible supply chain disruption is stupid... it not like toilet paper expires.
I dont know what I'd do without them. I suffer from extreme social anxiety so thinking about people with mental health illnesses having more of them is amazing. I do feel though for the cashiers who want a job or want to keep their job. I relate to this I hate the feeling of standing in line with someone with a cart behind and in front of me way rather just hit the self check out minimal interaction.
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER What happened. M.C.
@USER Fantastic Elaine. Congratulations to the young man ⭐? @USER Thanks so much Donna.
*poo. Well yeah, I've always spelled it poo as well. I do hear of people writing pooh and I assume it's because they went to a private school or something.
It doesn’t feel like it here in Tassie... Was going to say; Hobartian's would disagree lol. We had maybe 2 good weeks during Christmas?
The NFL is rigged. 
I mean, there’s too much money on the line per game for there not to be someone wanting to fix it. And it’d be so easy to: you don’t need to even tell the players, just have a coach make a bad call in a critical moment or have a ref make a call a certain way on a close play and that’s it. 
The New England Patriots are one of the most successful franchises in history, in one of the wealthiest parts of the country that has a ton of disposable income and a love of football. That’s no coincidence. 
The browns moved to Baltimore because it was more profitable for them. Super Bowls are blowouts or close games based on the highest payers’ time slots in the game. There’s billions of dollars flying around every Sunday for a third of the year, you know someone is going to want to make sure it gets in their hands. All valid points.
Should I make a giveaway when I have 30k followers?? @USER I am 1 winner for it already ?
@USER  @USER Looking forward to it, Lucy. Only on my phone data till tomorrow, so going to catch up when home xx. @USER  @USER Oh amazing thank you Alice! I think it’s better viewed on a computer anyway xxx.
Where we fail to see our earthly processes of rule as attempts to convey and symbolise eternal rule, they inevitably degenerate into the exercise of power and contested power. Of course such symbolisation can sanctify abuse, yet we now know that that is the lesser danger. And we know that if Putin were to try to out on a big ritual show it would manifest as vulgar, ugly and threatening. Not so, our British rituals, which convey a solemn looking to the eternal. Lived truth  will symbolically out: it manifests itself as beautiful.
it definitely  licked the saliva from the corner of your mouth while you slept.. Pretty sure it didnt.
Thankful for a few days w the family, now let’s get back to racing! Headed to  @USER this AM. CHS - ATL - LVS ✈️. @USER  @USER Safe travels! I'll see you again soon at Homestead! ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nehru stadium was built on Gulkawwana kere. Now the lake has taken back its place. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Exactly my point . Gulkawwana has regained it's lost glory ! Hope they convert it back to what it was . Make it a Paradise in the middle of the city .
Black card and penalty? @USER Surely linesman could have given a prompt..really believe we need qualified inter county referees as umpires for these games.
This is beautiful! Thank you!
@USER So cool!! @USER If you ever get a chance Australia would love to have you ❤️??
C'mon man. Making an absurd statement and following it up with,"What would you do?" or "How fucked are you?" is the weakest form of r/AskReddit post.
You're capable of better. You are a higher level of intellectual ability, I wish all posts were by people like you.
So sick of ass posts on almost every sub now a days.
Hello everyone. Today is my 73rd birthday. Haven't heard from family. Can I  please get some birthday likes? @USER Happy birthday  Barbara.
Get Shane Meahan on the pitch #clare. @USER There you go.
I got into deep shit  for saying this as a kid, it was explained to me at the time that it was an oath/sweary word  that was derived  from "the blood of christ" not as in eat my body, drink my blood for wafers and wine, but the dripping blood as he was tortured and was dying on the cross, representing the sacrifice made, So as George Carlin would call it in his seven words you cant say on TV, its dirty, but only part of the time.
Side note this was from a family where  a ex-coal-miner grandfather would frequently say 'bucking' with the same context and vehemency as fuck,  eg) "bucking hell!" or "bucking television!", that was perfectly accepted because he didn't actually say fuck, your chosen deity forbid you actually fucking swear! I was told it was a contraction of “by our lady”, ie the Virgin Mary. So technically swearing, but the BVM’s view on the matter has not been recorded so I can’t say whether she minds.
Looks awesome. Makes me want a cup of Cottee’s Coola cordial. There’s not much that doesn’t make me wanna make a Coola. It is THE taste of summer nostalgia.
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Help by The Beatles.
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Well it's all fine if the constitution of that Muslim majority country isn't biased. Places like Malaysia and Lebanon have had different religions thriving together for decades all while being religious.
And also a devout Muslim can still be a devout Muslim in a country devoid of any Islamic history.
Also this week: after chasing a reprint for weeks the printer tells me they never printed it because they couldn’t get the paper!

And I learned of a major printer that is only running machines every 2nd day due to energy costs.

Chaos behind the scenes of publishing these days…. @USER Got a quote for a paperback the other day that was more than the unit cost for same quantity, same book, same printer in hardback 6 months ago (which in turn was about a euro higher per unit than 3 months earlier).
I don't even understand this one. IKEA isn't actually a word, its an acronym for the creator and where he grew up.
If it stood for something norse or whatever (Tron is a good example that seems ridiculous for a western audience due to the film franchise but actually means something different) then you could forgive the parents here, but fucking Ikea? It's a made up story.
@USER gm! ?? @USER GB (good BRRRR) to you ser ??
I wish we used the metric system like almost every other country in the world. Finally, the response I've been waiting for.
@USER Khairiyat. @USER  @USER I wnna listen once ?‍?????
@USER  @USER Biggest reason: traveling to Edinburgh. Any chance on an EU tour? @USER  @USER All depends on how Edinburgh goes!
Schofield and Willoughby say they didn't jump queue when they did. @USER of course they did...
@USER Seems to me that dry cleaning (women’s blouse v men’s shirt) is consistently more expensive and you can’t just decide to opt out and still have it cleaned. Is that not accurate that women are charged more? (Probably shoulda taken Ec10). @USER  @USER Dry cleaned vs laundry. Men's shirts with different buttons are also charged more than standard ahirt laundry.
@USER Ajeyo Chandigarh panjab university ch gandhi bhawan kol baithe milange uthi ajeo fr chlange jithe jana ? @USER ??jrur jrur.
RTÉ coverage:  URL 
Connected to the confirmed case reported yesterday. Must be a teacher on school trip.
Gotta commit to the lie. 
Youngish (25-30) guy, what I think is his mum and a mate come to door. Main guy p1 is up first. 
After ID checks etc 
B1 “I need to do a quick search if that’s ok before I can get you in here”
P1 “yea of course, go ahead”
B1 direct to the little pocket you get on jeans. And pull out a bag of again cocaine. 
P1 just stares at me blankly and then asks “ok am I ok to go in then?”
B1 “no sorry mate you’re in possession of drugs you’re not coming in here”
P1 “ohh that’s not mine”
B1 “who’s is it”
P1 “I don’t know” 
P2 and P3 look on in astonishment. Obviously unaware this guy does coke.
To spare you from an Inane back and forth that followed this as he was 100% adamant it wasn’t his, he don’t know how it got there. (I did confirm they were indeed his trousers just in case) still staring blankly. B2 and B3 are dying with laughter as it’s beyond silly now but he’s so committed to the lie it’s almost admirable. 
Eventually his mum got his arm and dragged him off up the road. URL.
The end of Arrival had me confused about timespace causality stuff. Great movie.
The cow lovers sprinkle cow piss. How do communists 'purify' a place? By killing the bourgeoisie either financially or even literally.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. That's the one.
@USER If I’ve read the press notes correctly doesn’t he get free coffee for a year or something for being there first? @USER That's right. Still, very impressive.
I know it’s dumb but I’m truly convinced Jar Jar Binks was supposed to be the villain of the Star Wars prequels but George Lucas changed it at the last minute. He actually did because people hated jar jar.
another "sealion" troll.
Sealioning (also spelled sea-lioning and sea lioning) is a type of trolling or harassment which consists of pursuing people with persistent requests for evidence or repeated questions, while maintaining a pretense of civility and sincerity.
Sealioning - Wikipedia.  URL. I'm sorry, I don't see anything persistent about OP's requests.
@USER  @USER Or an Irish person stating a fact?
Foster has never knowingly been correct about anything. @USER  @USER  @USER Dame Arlene … hard lol ?
I've done a similar thing.
I live in China and McDonald's deliver 24/7, but at the time, after 10pm they only do a limited menu, and you have to buy whole meals.
Well a few of us drunkenly went back to a friend's at about 2am, all hungry, one guy wanted two Big Macs but nothing else, someone else wanted a double cheese burger and nuggets and I wanted nuggets and chicken wings, plus god knows what else 
I explained its meals only and everyone was alright with that, and then the guy turned up and we must be have about 8 large cokes and fries and then all these burgers and nuggets and chicken wings.
Next day I guess the guy woke up forgetting what we'd done as we all got texts asking when the fuck did he open a McDonald's franchise
Good times. Chinese McDonald's >> any McDonald's elsewhere. Especially their fried chicken steak and the grilled chicken burger (坂烧鸡腿堡) is amazing and only sold within China.
I've been told from people I know that the supermarket shelves in Sydney are empty of many essentials. Is it true? Not the supermarket i go to.
My youngest brother and his wife married on Feb 29th. He became my hero. Today is their fifth anniversary. Means it's been 20 years since their marriage?
@USER Congratulations! @USER Thank you.
Exactly my point in another sub. If someone said smearing baked beans on your naked body prevents the coronavirus, guess what? Sold out. Maybe that is the case. I went shopping and half the beans had already been bought already.
Regular salted butter should be fine, though feel free to try it either way. The most important factor is that the butter is melted.
As for the bread it's personal preference.
Also I like it on toast with eggs on top. I have a toaster oven i use for my toast for breakfast.  so I crisp it up and can melt the "fat" in the warm oven after if needed.
Is this to like mix the fat an Vegemite into a well mixture?
I normally don't eat many eggs in the week... Could avocado be a substitute?  Insert millennial joke, but I lived off $.50 avacados in the US from 2005-2007, in the Good old days.
The play out music is ??? @USER Good morning beautiful.
”...with the economy likely to grow at a rate slower than 5% in the current quarter, any talk of green shoots is just talk. A substantial recovery cannot happen unless investment in the economy picks up.”
In short we all are fucked. And Investment will only come if there is a pickup in demand.
I think we all have a pretty good understanding of what the driver is like. Stereotyping is as racist as they come. 
Oh but you’ll get points because it’s anti British racism.
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER I'm a wait and see.
I can’t emphasise enough the importance to NOT oversize yr positions in a bear mkt. You NEED to risk manage yr book all the time. Classic investors get whacked in high vol environments. You need to trade. Otherwise stay cash! @USER Thanks for the reminder Christian.
Series of doobti quizzes ??? @USER Thread banale.
Nothing better than a Sunday morning fry-up. Only question is… red sauce or brown?? ?? @USER Waitrose mayonnaise ??
And people that just leave milk/ice cream/random meat on random shelves to go off. They should also be part of the roundup for punishment! Biggest annoyance for me when I used to put frozen food out, the amount of products customers dump in the freezer! Should be charged as theft if caught! Waste of food.
Ballarat
Race 10  No.8
DAN MIELICKI
$100 WIN       #DAY7
 @USER #harnesscharitychallenge 
#TrottersOnly     
Was $6.50 Fixed early ☹️. @USER  @USER Might of forgot to take off.
Let me interview Fenriz on Hot Ones. @USER Signing off on this.
I am just going to fap as many times as I can and then go to sleeeeeep. Yeh superpower mujhe bhi chahiye.
" continues to rise " ..... It went from 1 to 2 !!! I came here to post that. That's not exactly "continuing to rise" ?
@USER Tom Baker. @USER Good shout. He’s in.
This is such a Varadkar thing to do.. He's making a laugh of FG and his cultish followers allow it. To be fair, the blue shirts have it coming.
@USER Kilsyth is $25. @USER And rego for season?
What SONG did YOU listen to TODAY? @USER REM what's the Frequency, Kenneth ?
When I’m the little spoon ? Elaborate.
If you're happy and you know it, gaand maraa. If you're sad and you know it, phir bhi gaand maraa.
10/12 number 4 & 8 have me stumped. I just got 8, it's easier if you try it in reverse order.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER Yeah people are strange these days and covid has emphasised this  and getting worse.
Meh buy a bottle of Vodka or Gin and mix it with some Palmolive dish soap, "Madge our soaking in it". Metho is good enough, amazing how dumb people are at reading labels!
I load a couple of spray bottles and spray and wipe everything. I even have a bottle at work and i squirt every door handle and even the dunny seat and door handles.
Then theres Whiteking  that is used in every  air locked medical research institute and is known to kill anything. It was proven the most effective in AIDS wards over other super killer cleaning products. Good old bleach.
@USER lmao can you IMAGINE the backyard as your backyard ?? @USER Better wear some earplugs lol.
@USER Dear customer, we regret the inconvenience faced. We request you to please lodge the matter with our customer care service at 1800 180 2222/ 1800 103 2222 (toll free)/ 0120-2490000 (tolled number). @USER No one is picking up the call,kindly arrange a call back.
Make it legal for the Coastguard lads to be allowed to batter them once they've gotten them ashore. They shouldn't be sent out to get them. Just give them a cheery wave from the shore and get a cup of tea in.
Lets be fair, riding up steep hill isnt casual in the sightest. Worth it for the ride down though.
Other than Thailand and China, are there other modern nation-states that are called 國? @USER Since most words get shortened to two characters these days, you find a lot more colloquially.
Flamingo Nosebleed is my favorite weird band name. i love these guys now.
@USER Sir, as per web tracking, article has been delivered. @USER This document is very important for me in this hardcopy of my Document verification of selected for particular post.
Joan Collins hired her husband. Seán Sherlock hired his sister. Andrew Doyle hired his sister. Bernard Durkan hired his son. Brendan Griffin hired his wife and his cousin. Alan Farrell hired his wife. Kate O'Connell hired her sister. John McGuinness hired his son. Danny Healy-Rae hired his wife. Michael Healy-Rae hired his son (he had also worked in the role for his father). Martin Heydon hired his sister. Michael Collins hired his brother. Seán Canny hired his wife. Helen Mac Entee hired her aunt and cousin. Catherine Byrne hired her daughter and her niece. Michael Ring hired his daughter.  Sean O Fearghail  hired his daughter. Ciarán Cannon hired his wife. Mattie McGrath hired his daughter and his niece.
I could probably go on, but I think that gives a sense of the level of nepotism in this.
Costello's wife is Hazel Chu, a green party cllr. He could have done the easy thing and hired her on the sly.
TDs doing this will tell you that "they're well qualified for the role", but what is telling is that none of them are willing to run an open competition to see if anyone better qualified will show up. >Costello's wife is Hazel Chu, a green party cllr. He could have done the easy thing and hired her on the sly.
She's going to be mayor in a few months and will be going for TD in future so not really.
everyone from Lincoln simultaneously: 'Did you know the Cathedral was once the world's tallest building?' 
Source: from Lincoln. Honestly I was gonna point out how old it was.
@USER Awwww, how adorable. Tippy's not impressed in the slightest. ? @USER I know right ????
Has anyone tried the Cohiba Puro Dominicana? I haven't tried any Cohiba, wasn't sure if it was worth the hype .. but I just picked some up for what seems like a great deal $4 each .. any cigar seems good at that price but what did y'all think? @USER Definitely worth trying at that price.
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? Conservative. That's a nice way to spell fascists.
We will be lucky if we aren't at 20+ cases by the end of the week. Containment has worked so far, but the current sufferer was out and about for a few days while sick so will need lady luck on our side for numbers to stay down.
Hopfully further spread is limited and / or slow. Speaking of containment - this virus has been circulating in China for about 3 months or so.  China has a population of 1.38 billion.  So far, about 80,000 have contracted the virus and just under 3,000 have died.  For a country with such a massive population and lots of very densely populated cities, I'd say that's pretty good containment so far.
Do join  @USER and me on  @USER at 9 am. On all matters EU and of course Northern Ireland. 

And to all remainers who feared so chlorinated chicken but now want a deal with the US: Northern Ireland’s place in the UK trumps your new found sensibilities. @USER  @USER  @USER Remainers want a deal with the US? News to me....
#BrexitBrokeBritain.
Omg where do I get one? Myers. They also sell a notepad of the same pattens lol.
Roastme
Unfortunately, because The idea is great. But the actual situation is missing the point that it’s supposed to be about humor. I feel the same way
The best roasts I've seen have been a creative and funny way to make fun of someone's appearance, the worst just come off as playground insults.
@USER hey team. Order placed on 30 Sept. Items remain Unshipped after 8 days. Sales offers misleading if items are not going to be shipped. Should I DM order number? No update on this!!
Road traffic offenses arent criminal offences as such. 
This is not legal advice but I don't think it would be on your vetting anyway. 
I got a copy of my stuff and the penatly point stuff wasnt on it. Thanks.
Loving these meta posts. Came here to say this, really rather enjoyable.
Ok to stock up on Mi Goreng? Mmm. Might need to stock up myself first.
Jason Momoa, i'm straight but if i had to, that guy could tear me up. Ouch your butt.
read this.
 URL 
&#x200B;
Edit: At least this article wasn't published in a men's fashion/grooming website. Now tell us how credible you think the journal ancient whatever they quote a paper from is. I suggest you look it up, before sharing your opinion, since people can find papers from that journal and discuss.
Can I ask and I apologise as it's a bit deep for a Saturday eve, but does humour help with your mental health, it has helped me over the past few years thats why I ask.... @USER I think so. And conversation.
@USER I think it’s a brilliant idea, puts candidates at ease allowing best attributes to shine through. Interviews currently don’t assess the suitability for a job, they simply assess how good you are at interviews. @USER Understand worries about preparing false narratives, but this could be identified with gentle probing on the day. If not supported by a foundation of truth, it should be easy to spot. Those that could blag their way through would be able to no matter what.
@USER I wish there was a way to look inside. Always enjoy visiting the Air and Space Museum Annexe near Dulles. I think it’s better than the one on the Mall (currently closed). @USER  @USER The Udvar-Hazy Center is jaw dropping.
What do you love about each other? Jokes on you I only have one parent lol.
ଅର୍ଚନା ନାଗ ସର୍ବଦଳୀୟ ବୁଦ୍ଧିମତୀ ମହିଳା ଟିଏ ଥିଲେ
ବିଜେଡି,ବିଜେପି, କଂଗ୍ରେସ ସବୁ ଦଳର ନେତାଙ୍କ ସହ ସମ୍ପର୍କ ସ୍ଥାପନ କରି ରଖିଥିଲେ
ଯାହା ଫଳରେ ଏତେ ବଡ଼ ଘଟଣା ଉପରେ ଏବେ କେହି କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ  ଆନ୍ଦୋଳନ କରିବେନି
ସମସ୍ତଙ୍କର ତ ଏଠି କେଂ,କିଏ କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ କହିବ....?? @USER We r targetting one girl here,many women who r staying in BBSR in independent houses r involved in illegal criminal activities.There is no background check happening in apartments and independent houses. So many private organizations r getting registered without verification.
@USER Fantastic Elaine ?? @USER The relief B ????
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER Except for the fact that he is a cheat.
This trade period looks like there is a lot happening and we at Hawthorn are standing still. WTF. @USER I'm not having a go nut what do you want them to do ? Haven't yet seen a deal OM really jealous of Bowes yes but we had a go at that.
Just got a message from a Relatively Normal Secrets reader's parent:

"I just wanted to say, thank you! My 9 year old kind of LOATHES reading, but I just picked this up on kindle for her, and she's been sitting downstairs reading for the past hour."

I'm not crying, YOU'RE CRYING. @USER  @USER What a great reward and compliment  for your work.
Bench cam where  @USER admin??? @USER  @USER Will take time.
@USER  @USER  @USER For the sake of my relationship I’m not going to tell him you’ve tweeted him this ? @USER  @USER  @USER Forget it! I've just WhatsApped him the link. You may cancel whatever plans you've made for the rest of 2022. And possibly beyond. ?
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER Union firmly secured " ? ?
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaww !
Their capacity for self-delusion is limitless !
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. Anything to get a 'but Labor' answer in during QT. Was a disgrace and not actually relevant.
@USER Next up the 747? ? @USER No point. We don’t move enough of them. We have some contractors to use on the occasion they come up.
दिल्ली की जनता को पानी के बकाया बिलों से राहत दिलाने के लिए सरकार ने बड़ा निर्णय लिया है. पानी के बकाया बिलों पर लगने वाली लेट फ़ीस( लेट पेमेंट सरचार्ज) 31 दिसंबर 2022 तक के लिए 100% माफ रहेगी. यानि आप बिना लेट फ़ीस की चिंता किए अपने पुराने बकाया बिल भर सकते हैं. @USER Navra kam mat karvao sir or berojgaro ki madad karo.
@USER  @USER Thinking SNP need to announce and call out these obvious slurs. How many Conservative MPs are under investigation, the ones that are public, l've honestly lost count. @USER  @USER  @USER I think 56.
Yellow? If your pastry is green, I'd send it back.
>They'd just seen their government announce a partial relaxation already, with about 760 high school students allowed to return from China to Australia.
i don't follow the logic of allowing secondary but not tertiary students to enter
surely both groups carry a similar level of risk, and while high school started five weeks ago, unis are only just returning now, and students would be anxious to be able to start ASAP 
and from an economic perspective i would expect revenue from tertiary students to be much higher than that generated by secondary students. There is no logic. Logic and politics don't mix.
Can't remember the title, basically a guy is up for a promotion, so him and his wife have the boss over for dinner and they are talking about the promotion. The husband notices his boss looking at his wife and he convinces her to let the boss do her in the kitchen to get the promotion. He sits in the dining room while it happens. Well...... He doesn't get the promotion, husband kills himself, the lady gets back to the guy by sleeping with dudes son and getting him into a lot of trouble. The scene in the kitchen was what messed me up the most. Think the name of the movie was "Scorned" or something. Just that description is enough. Pass.
Rise and shine beeches. Wakey wakey.
i barely take care of the twitter crew so fuck it, will choose 5 people who like this post &amp; give them $10,000 USD each when i wake up, will post who I choose &amp; why. @USER Liked ?
Man dresses appropriately for cold weather and is  silently harangued by idiot who has by some freak occurrence not yet won a Darwin award. ? Man hasn’t got the hang of the concept of taking off his coat if he’s a bit too warm.
...so I don't have the security of large life savings. On top of this, I have depression and ASD which add to the challenges. I went to @UTAS_'s mental health support program for HDR students, but it was mostly teaching us about mindfulness - which I appreciate, but... 2/3. ...I'm already practising due to the mental illnesses. I think what would really help is, while we do impactful research, an expected full time load, we should be financially supported adequately in line with the increase cost of living so we don't spread ourselves too thin. 3/3.
Good morning bitches! Woke up 3am, alarm for 4:30am. I cleaned the toilet. I walked my dog. I am showered, I am full of coffee and breakfast. GET AT ME MOTHER FUCKERS. @USER Oh. You are REA-DY.
Legit question: if shit does hit the fan, can Muslim countries refuse to sell us oil? Or is our market just too big for that? We get most of our oil from Saudis and Iraq
Historically, has it ever happened? It wont go that far but in geo politics no one wants to get isolated...any indian diplomatic loss is pakistans gains...iraq is busy with ISIS and Saudi in yemen war....50 casualties in delhi riots is a small number for them 100s die every day in conflicts across middle east and they all are muslims. After our independence communal riots happened many times but things get back to normal, actually they have faith in India.
Tonight the thought  @USER is no longer with us is just heart breaking. A decent soul who suffered too much. The news has stunned many of us. We all need to take care. God bless her. RIP. @USER  @USER God bless Aideen RIP ?
Ayup me ducks.  It's approaching 6:30pm here in Minnesota.  Just had two cheese n beetroot cobs and ordered lots of biccies from Amazon. McVities dark choc digestive, plain HobNobs, Penguins and fruit shortcakes.   Had a multi pack of Hula Hoops and pickled onion Space Raiders last month.
Have you all had enough rain yet? Could just do a cheese and beetroot cob.
That must have been the easiest job in the world, digging up dirt on Bronwyn and Ley. The dirt pretty much dug itself out of the ground for those two. Seriously.
Talk about a non-story.
Ronan Farrow is obviously Frank Sinatra's kid and not Woody Allen's. 
See for yourself. Yup.  That's not Woody's DNA at all.
Fuck man, in India we have serious mental health issues. Its not an India only problem though.
Don't worry, rugby fans can easily afford Sky. One less ivory back-scratcher. Believe it or not. The great unwashed also enjoy rugby. It’s one of the few sports we are good at.
Don't go near them, they are really dangerous!
source - am dangerous bird expert :). > am dangerous bird expert
As in...an expert on dangerous birds, or a bird expert who is dangerous?
I need more tattoos:(. @USER What tats have you got ??
Me ;). Haha... stay the fuck away from me.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good Afternoon. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Sir Ji,

Very Very Good Afternoon To You Too Also ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
No promises, but I think I’m going to finally drink a hard seltzer today as one of my shifties. @USER I may have missed this, are you very anti seltzers?
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER Enough's enough give us a break.
Wasn't it already contracted and sold years ago through backroom deals? I know people working in the industry and they knew about the privatization over a year ago. They sold off a few depots about 2 years ago (Leichhardt, Burwood, Kingsgrove and Tempe).
The government still owns Ryde, waverley, Botany, Brookvale, Randwick, Willoughby, North Sydney and Monavale.
@USER Tbf nobody is gonna trust an eagles fans judgement. Half of them eat horse poop on occasion. @USER 41-33.
Never run for a bus, 
Train or man. When
One leaves, another arrives.? @USER catch it perfect one.
Bisexual. Not gay. There is a difference. Don't be part of the bisexual erasure. Thanks. Erasure?
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER One question . 

SHOULD SCOTLAND BE INDEPENDENT.

Ban all coverage from any political parties, let the people decide with their own conscience.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Everything, there is no god. Stop beleving in nonsens.
Am I the only one who likes to have the tv on while I write, instead of music?? There have to be more of us out there! #amwriting. @USER Either for me.
I'm waiting for the day when he messages, 'This Sunday, thinking of giving up my position as the Prime Minister of India. Will keep you all posted.'. I hope his downfall is not dignified. It should not be that easy for him that he just steps down just like that.
Ah be very careful. Going from cooked to uncooked meats in the diet for a dog when they dont have the proper microbiome to help digest it.
My Dad is a butcher and we used to give my dog the best of cuts for his meals but now that he's 15, more cooked food and generic dogfood cause his belly ain't what it used to be. My little sausage dog eats royal Canin, and once ate an entire dead hare on a walk. The head, feet, hair, bones - everything.
I was sure he was going to die/be sick all over the gaff.
Not a bother on him. The divil.
Ive got respect for that, I can do canwick and lindum hill but not steep. Well played. Steeps not even the worst of it, try Motherby Hill. Ouch.
it's disgusting. I've been trying to get dettol and Epson salts for my dogs infected foot for 2days now. I've been to around 10shops so far and everyone just laughs when you ask about having it in stock  
wtf are people doing with so much Epson salts! Cutting ice.
Trump conspired with the Clintons and ran the worst imaginable campaign in order to make Hilary more palatable and get her elected. It backfired miserably because they underestimated the number of racist idiots in this country. I think it has more to do with the rust belt and how they were tired of outsourcing deals signed by Presidents. Ironically, the Donald is singing the USMCA.
I always believed that Partitioned shouldn’t have happened and we should have been all living in one unified india. I am a Pakistani living in Los Angeles and have a lot of Indian friends. 
Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan. It would have been quite hard for a party like bjp to ever come to power... If we were united.... Problem is Muslims have no majority state they are fragmented across the subcontinent had there been states like Muslim dominated east bengal Sindh punjab and kashmir... Not sure if Balouch would have joined this shit would have never happened.... Altho our democracy should have made sure that this should have never been a case but well nothing is perfect and sadly it has come to this...
www.gradireland.com
www.jobs.ie. Great, thank you!
@USER nice meeting you and John at brentford    see u again up the mighty arsenal. @USER Likewise ? hopefully see you at Tottenham if we can get there ?‍♀️???
The gold rush, the Melbourne real estate crash, Japan invading Russia, discovery of the XRay and who could forget the coronation of Tsar Nicholas II? how old are you??
@USER Coming from dudes that have never put as much heart and sole into their passions to pursue something a very small percentage of people accomplish. Keep grinding and doing you! F the haters! @USER Soul*.
who did this? The answer is in the pic on Modi's Pyjamas. That was nicely hidden.
Also this week: after chasing a reprint for weeks the printer tells me they never printed it because they couldn’t get the paper!

And I learned of a major printer that is only running machines every 2nd day due to energy costs.

Chaos behind the scenes of publishing these days…. @USER Got a quote for a paperback the other day that was more than the unit cost for same quantity, same book, same printer in hardback 6 months ago (which in turn was about a euro higher per unit than 3 months earlier).
Where we fail to see our earthly processes of rule as attempts to convey and symbolise eternal rule, they inevitably degenerate into the exercise of power and contested power. Of course such symbolisation can sanctify abuse, yet we now know that that is the lesser danger. And we know that if Putin were to try to out on a big ritual show it would manifest as vulgar, ugly and threatening. Not so, our British rituals, which convey a solemn looking to the eternal. Lived truth  will symbolically out: it manifests itself as beautiful.
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER VERY easy. 
Got it at my local Walgreens the first week it was available.
pigeons are surveillance drone placed by the government. I’ve never seen a baby pigeon. They just spawn out of nowhere. How often do you see any kind of baby bird?
@USER  @USER You have used which app? @USER  @USER There are many available on Google playstore...it is Timestamp camera.
Where will Leclerc finish? @USER Where is the DNF option? ??
So our slouching Business Sec  @USER evades Parliament &amp; finally makes critical major announcement re urgent #energycrisis support for businesses via video &amp; press release. Blatant avoidance of scrutiny exposes his false posing as one who respects tradition &amp; Parliament. @USER  @USER  @USER And what can  @USER do? Nothing!
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious. @USER Yes. Doing that seems often ostracises others. It’s better to confine and limit your vocabulary so that all and sundry can understand. Communication needs to be short and succinct. Longer sentences do not necessarily convey the same meaning and can cause confusion.
The media. They thrive off of fearmongering and people are dumb enough to fall for that. What media are you talking about? This is media. Twitter is media. Facebook is media.
People should stop reading sensationalist news and hyper partisan news. They should stop watching entertainment news (And by that, I mean news that’s designed to be entertainment).
People should absolutely read trusted news sources. Journalists do one of the most important jobs in our Democracies and people should absolutely listen to them, learn how to interpret bias and learn how to have an informed opinion based on that interpretation. Read The New York Times *and* The Wall Street Journal. Read The Economist *and* Foreign Policy. Read The National Review *and* USA Today. Watch NPR. These are trusted sources of news and informed opinion from the left and the right and it’s your job as a citizen to read them and use them to form your own opinion.
A society where we’re all just forming our opinions based on what those around us say or what our own timeline says is not a healthy society.
@USER ఎవరు అవునన్నా కాదన్నా నల్లగొండ జిల్లా ఫ్లోరైడ్ భూతాన్ని తరిమికొట్టింది తెరాసనే... @USER  @USER Yes it's true.....Jai KCR Garu.
Funny how for a generation, the people of Ballsbridge would’ve associated the swastika with that truck and every subsequent generation it’s associated with you know, fascism, genocide etc
Edit: shite grammar. Jaysus Mary. That crowd down the laundry are really taking the piss. I hear they annexed Poland. Michaeleen was always a nice lad. What would his poor mother day Lord rest her.
Female directors that are also mums (and likes musicals) - make yourselves known! @USER  @USER should be able to help you out there!
So you're saying Geelong got Tanner Bruhn for nothing and Jack Bowes for free? @USER ?Money for nothing and your chicks for free?
Jimmy neutron an donkey Kong have the same haircut. Why would you say that with no context?
@USER  @USER Both are ? don't spread hate for Indian team pillars. @USER  @USER  @USER Yesterday you were trolling kl now giving gyan on hate ??
@USER Yipeeeee. Congrats to you fine Mama for getting him there too ! ?? @USER ???
Got wasted Friday, still feeling rough today.
Did by a new bed though Sunday. Super King... now panicking the headboard won't make it up the stairs into the loft conversion. There's plenty of headroom for it to go 'straight up' as long as it pivots around the first point... wondering if I should go back to the shop but all I could maybe do is cancel within the first 24 hours.
Going to be a long day! PIVOT!
@USER Trump and GOP puppet master. @USER  @USER Evil desperate delusional little man.
@USER Happy Thursday Lee! @USER Thank you H.❤.
सभी सबूतों को मद्देनज़र रखते हुए फैसला लिया जाता है कि बॉलीवुड के द्वारा बनाई जाने वाली सभी फिल्मो को बॉयकॉट किया जायेगा, सहमत हैं तो YES लिखकर पुरजोर समर्थन करें..??? @USER #No way ,no hatred please ,who are you to boycott now ?
Sandycove, 16c and overcast, a bunch of lads walking towards the dart station. One of which wearing a northface bubble jacket over a hoodie, one topless ??? @USER Did our beach clean this morn, decided not to go in shorts as we were doing the dunes. Man was I glad, I would've been glad of yer man's jacket!!
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The F#%&gt;ed Up Chaos.
Why are so many world leaders absolute dickheads?
> Did you hear? There's a natural order
> Those most deserving will end up with the most
> That the cream cannot help but always rise up to the top
> Well I say, "Shit floats". Because they're the ones most willing to kick others off the ladder and say whatever it takes to win over people who aren't paying attention.
Light switch. Jacksfilms fan, or...?
will any leader take responsibility in delhi? is there nobody left to depend on? 1.3 billion me se ek bhi leader with balls of steel nhi hai sab bhagwan bharose. Arvind Kejriwal is responsible for the compensation and rehabilitation of the riot affected victims.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations Anne. ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Alanna it’s wonderful.
Still think these ought to be nuclear powered. Getting nuclear licencing for Pompey would never happen. They are also too big to get into Guzz and Faslane.
No one in your country sought to abuse Australia publicly yes, but Australians, such as myself, have certainly been on the receiving end of snide remarks and hateful comments about it across the Tasman. 
That being said, that man left Australia with an open mind, to backpack through the subcontinent and was then radicalised backpacking through Europe. He was radicalised by social media, not by fucking Grafton, NSW. Having spent a bit of time in Grafton, it probably didn't help.
Arsenic byproduct of mining. That doesn't seem very fast acting.
The U.S. condemns Russia's missile strikes today across Ukraine which injured and killed civilians and demonstrated once again the brutality of Putin’s illegal war.

These attacks only reinforce our commitment to stand with the people of Ukraine for as long as it takes. @USER How about starting peace talks? Ukraine isn't worth risking a nuclear war over. Have our Ambassador in Moscow speak to his counterpart and start talking. Peace starts with one word.
We went to Glasgow and nearly got stabbed by some fella in his 40's. why? what did you do to the poor guy?
Can you believe that business support will be delayed and then backdated because of Party recesses.. that few weeks could be the difference for some operators..

All because of Party Conferences.

They should have been cancelled with all the missed Parliamentary days already. @USER Exactly ?
I’m making a ?? Sokkah gc, reply to be added X. @USER Do we have to follow the a league religiously cause I kinda ditched it after GCU folded.
Is 9/11 really not on here? On "best" there's one literally over 4 hours old with over 1K upvotes, and, on mobile, the first page without having to "show more." Sorting by "Top," it's only halfway down. I've read dozens of others prior to your comment, too. C'mon man, read or use find in page function. Did you really think YOU were the first, in over 8K comments on a conspiracy theory thread to mention 9/11?
Recipe for Fish:

Take a white fish and fillet it.
Brush the side with beaten eggs
Sprinkle peanut chutney on it. Press lightly to ensure it sticks on the fish. (Refer peanut chutney details at end of comment)
flip over and apply eggwash and then chutney sprinkle on it
Fry 2 mins per side on a pan which is on medium heat

Recipe for rice:

Cook rice as you normally do (I used a rice cooker).
After rice is done, mix in chopped fresh herbs ( I used oregano and basil)

Recipe for coconut milk gravy:

In a sauce pan saute chopped onions till they turn translucent. Use oil with a high smoking point or ghee.
Add in chopped tomatoes and mix
add spices (salt as per taste, red chilli powder 1/2 tbsp, turmeric powder 1 tsp, garam masala 1/2tbsp, coriander powder 1/2 tbsp, and asafoetida 1 tsp.)
mix spices and wait for oil to be released.
add 1 can of coconut milk and mix.
bring to boil on high heat. reduce heat and let simmer for 3-5 mins.

Plating:

Use the rice to create a bed/foundation layer
place fried fish
use a ladle or spoon to pour gravy on the sides of the rice (like a moat)
garnish with micro greens or chopped herbs.

Peanut Chutney:
Typically you can purchase dry peanut chutney in indian stores. I have used what is known as 'Shengdana chi chutney' (chutney of groudnuts) commonly used in maharashtra with vada pav. You can make it at as follows at home:

Take peanuts/ground nuts and dry roast them on medium heat till they turn brown
peel off any remaining skin
pound the peanuts in a mortar and pestle along with diced garlic, red chilli powder, cumin seeds, and salt. I use 1/3rd cup of garlic cloves, 1 tbsp red chilli powder, 1 tsp cumin seeds, and 2 sprinkles of salt for 1 cup of peanuts.
You can use a food processor as well, but it will make it a fine powder. mortar and pestle will need some elbow grease but will give a more granular texture. That just looks scrumptious. I am surely gonna try it soon! Thank you for the recipe.
It's not fair to their staff. Jesus Christ how can they be so stupid? I work for a company which a year ago was facing bankruptcy. A venture capital firm showed up, bought the company and within 2 months had fired or made redundant about 30% of global staff.
Largely due to the restructuring efforts and changes in who the company chooses to sell to, a year later the company is now profitable and hiring more staff.
Was it the wrong thing to do to carry out the redundancies in that case? Or would it have been "fairer" to the staff and investors to have the company go bankrupt and everyone lose their jobs?
Wild at Heart. This. Used to get a loaf cake and have a slice with a cup of tea. Wasn't old when it was on but it just felt really...nice.
That's good. Much better to be over prepared in these cases. Why do you think this is over prepared?
What are you a feminist? Ha classic feminist. Wanting to torture all cocks and balls.
General Reginald Dyer studied in Bishop Cotton School, Shimla. I just got to know that. Yea Dyer was there for a bit. I'm from the same school!
" continues to rise " ..... It went from 1 to 2 !!! I came here to post that. That's not exactly "continuing to rise" ?
@USER  @USER They're all crooks sooner they are held to account the better im sick of the lot of them. @USER  @USER No one seems to care ??‍♀️ who will hold them to account? They’ve literally got away with murder.
No, the time to start good hygiene was  BEFORE the spread, not after... And at work I have battles with the filthy pigs all the time.  These are the people who think that washing up in the lunch room kitchen sink is OK. The worst ones are the ones who go to the toilet, then walk out and want to wash their hands in the lunch room sink, till I see them. 
Then there are certain cohorts who think that clearing and blowing their noses and shotgun blasting the hand basin with snot  and blood is normal behavior. These are the grubs that think that after a toilet visit you need a full head wash and to expunge every hole into the wash basin including endless spitting. What is it  with these filthy people and their habits? 
I  get this issue raised at all toolbox and occupational health safety meetings. There are people that are uncivilized, filthy and uncouth that need to be  educated. It might be okay in certain countries to act like a grub but not in Australia.
Then lets talk about the people with colds and flu who walk around like babies with dripping  noses sniffing and sucking up their drips into their noses up like kids. They seem not to know what a tissues or handkerchief is  for. Maybe its time to reintroduce hygiene  classes at schools again because there seems to be a generation of adults who have no idea what basic hygiene is!
@USER Good morning Lee!! Today is s new day! @USER Yes it is.
Two most difficult areas in counseling in medicine -
1. Convincing a patient with widal positive test that they don't need an antibiotic
2. Convincing patient to start/switch to insulin when the situation demands.
#MedTwitter
Any other issues frequently faced in counseling? @USER Doctors' community themselves had made antibiotics a norm rather than an exception. Sad state of affairs. Patients now need anti-antibiotics councelling.
@USER That's shocking. @USER At least it’s free of charge.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I continue coaching to try and give the players I work with the most enjoyable experience, I possibly can. Help them grow into decent human beings, and for a minority, professional athletes.
Chunky or Smooth Peanutbutter? @USER Both. Just as long as it’s Laurel Scudder’s All Natural.
@USER Gm my sweet friend happy Thursday to u. Hope u have a amazing day and keep safe and warm. Enjoy your coffee and breakfast . Gd luck to ur tribe tonight. Big hugs ☕️☕️???????? @USER Good morning to you my sweet friend! Lots of rain here. Have a great Thursday and thank you on my Tribe! Big hugs ??⚾️☕️☕️???⚾️.
Everytime the typical vegetarian tries to guilt trip me about my food choices, I point out that the dairy industry is just as brutal and has a similar carbon footprint. I ask them to stop eating milk, dairy, ice cream and chocolates. That shuts them up. You are right. But instead of asking them to go vegan, best to start with yourself :).
I thought that was going to be a really boring game after the first 20 minutes, but that turned into one hell of a final to be fair. Congratulations Leicester. @USER Hope you got to see the URC final, was an absolute cracker of a game!
Take the packing to back shelf if you don’t have lightening packing game.
Load the heavy stuff onto the conveyor first, lay out big bags in the trolley. Go go go. Tactical veg in the middle to slow them down.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. lol many appreciative guests slept in their cars that night.
@USER  @USER Good morning Ms Lee ??☮️? @USER  @USER Happy Thursday ❤.
@USER Ajeyo Chandigarh panjab university ch gandhi bhawan kol baithe milange uthi ajeo fr chlange jithe jana ? @USER ??jrur jrur.
@USER  @USER Fantastic! Bravo Des! ? @USER  @USER Clodagh, he got such a surprise. A wonderful day.
Peak TV ratings during Queen's funeral
BBC1: 19.5m
BBC2: 2m
ITV: 5.3m 
Sky News: 934,000
BBC News channel: 831,000

Combined peak of around 28.5m viewers on main channels, final figure will be a bit higher. Excludes streaming.

Massive audience but smaller than Euro 2020 final. @USER Unless you had the tellybox switched off at the wall, it was impossible to avoid. I’d love to know how many actively watched. I didn’t turn my TV on to watch MasterChef on catch up until later. Didn’t want the pageantry flashing before my eyes.
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. The yearly flu kills around 0.07% of all cases.
This kills anywhere from 1%-3% (really, really hard to say exactly the CFR right now).
Both conditions are equally infectious. Which do you think is more dangerious?
Like me? Because I’d love to sing for Queen, but I’m not gay and don’t want to have AIDS. No judgement, I just need clarification. You'd become their new lead singer.
मेरे देश के युवा रात 12 बजे तक बार मे नशा करने वाले नहीं थे, मेरे देश के ऐसे संस्कार नही थे कि अर्धनग्न होकर बच्चियां इंस्टाग्राम पर नाच करें

ये सब बॉलीवुड ने सिखाया है,, 
इसलिए इसका बहिस्कार करता हूँ??yes/no. @USER  @USER yes
सर.
The reason why is because "Britannia Rules" the waves, and Brexiters want to believe it that way. Indeed, god bless 'em! Killybegs by volume & value is largest fishing port in IRE. Brussels better not throw us under the bus on this front.
Related aspect re Irish territorial waters that keeps surfacing on back of Brexit-
Let's look a decade out when a UI will likely be dealing directly with an independent Scotland. Despite my own musings on the topic, Rockall is clearly in Scottish waters. Salient aspect is the potential gas/oil/mineral reserves immediately due south in Irish waters...this could get very messy!
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER The Bunnett understanding how elections work. Next he’ll be expecting manifestos to be implemented. Good Lord.
DEAR MEDIA: Please devote EQUAL time to Raphael Warnock as you are giving to Herschel Walker. You're giving Walker all the free coverage you gave trump back in 2016. STOP IT.

DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKES. @USER Imagine being this fake.
10w-30. How crude.
Hoping that bhakts will watch his next flopped film.
No way, bhakts do not spend money on movies, they get everything for free. Bhakts couldn't make their Daddy's movie a superhit.
Another summer over.  Goes so quickly doesn't it? @USER ? I don’t consider Summer is over until I need to put on a sweater in the evening… sometime in October, regardless of what the calendar says Tilly. ? Makes me happy longer too. So I’m going to stay in my time zone. Join me ?
I think we all have a pretty good understanding of what the driver is like. Stereotyping is as racist as they come. 
Oh but you’ll get points because it’s anti British racism.
@USER I'm not quite 40 yet, I'm 36 but still feel like I'm transitioning quite late. @USER  @USER Saaaame.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ?
another "sealion" troll.
Sealioning (also spelled sea-lioning and sea lioning) is a type of trolling or harassment which consists of pursuing people with persistent requests for evidence or repeated questions, while maintaining a pretense of civility and sincerity.
Sealioning - Wikipedia.  URL. I'm sorry, I don't see anything persistent about OP's requests.
@USER Isn’t it in our darkest hour that we most need the light. ? #Creeslough. @USER That’s true Joe….
2/ Daily Reading: Psalms 49-50; Acts 20:1-16. 3/ Memory verse: Daniel 9:3
“And I set my face unto the Lord God, to seek by prayer and supplications, with fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes:".
@USER  @USER He went to the school LOOKING first his child, killed others, left and found his wife and child
Murder suicide 
Ex cop with a drug problem. @USER  @USER  @USER With a Known problem.
Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort Theme. A man of culture.
Somebody tell this MFer that Britain left India 73 years ago. Doesn’t mean they can’t comment.
@USER  @USER  @USER Thabk you for this. Loose cattle were put back in the closure yesterday. If there are others still loose, can you please contact 303-817-1143. @USER  @USER Will do!
J Sea B. nizlopsea.
Wrong place, try posting over here --->  URL. That post is to point out how un-Australian you are. It's not really suitable.
@USER I'll definitely never will miss lol. @USER I was ctfu when I saw that ????
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER Hoooo.
I think the producers would do my nut in if I was ever on the show. All that silly happy clappy waving and bullshit is cringy af. But then your granny sits in the crowd and you just wanna let her brag about it to her friends for the week.
Chuck them over here for a taste test. They should arrive in time for next Sunday’s roast!
@USER i am living in wonderful bliss having shit all knowledge of the timelines ? @USER  @USER Right?
I know enough to be dangerous about that franchise but not enough of all of that so I’m just enjoying an incredible show.
@USER Good morning Lee again...I voted early already...all blue since Nixon...everybody please plan your blue vote now..the GQP MagaQ crowd are already promising horrible things if they take power... @USER Awesome.
I received my mail in ballot couple days ago.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good evening di. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Brother Ji,

Very Very Good Evening and Sweet Dreams Too ?????
@USER I have two standing and one seated! @USER  @USER Do you still have these?
New Culture Secretary Michelle Donelan on Radio 4 says she wants to look again at the “business case” for selling Channel 4

Seems like sale is being kicked into long grass. @USER  @USER Hopefully...
Name me one person in the history of humanity that got sick from using an ATM or petrol pump, I'll wait. There was this one guy who drank straight from the pump and then stuck his tongue into the money dispensing slot while it was open and then lit his tongue. He was fully sick.
Thanks to a generous benefactor, I will be at the Bills/Steelers game. I hope I can meet some of you tweeps in person. I am so excited that I lost my voice. I am very grateful. Waited for Victory Tuesday am on cloud nine and can’t wait to attend my first home game in years! @USER I am Jealous of you! At the same time Happy for you! 
A fav please? Hold up a sign that says:
"Doin'The Pee-Pee Dance"
for "TheDr!" Please!!!
Go Bills Baby!!!
Getting lots of questions from users saying I have 5G phone but in network settings not showing 5G options.

Don't worry smartphone OEM need to push out a small network OTA update, checked with few brands some already started rolling other said update roll out by next week. @USER Thank you for clarifying. But surprisingly pixel 6 too not showing 5G?
The reality is, the level of denial about how much tax people pay in Ireland means we'll never have a Nordic social democracy.
Voters want somebody else to be made to pay, and the realisation that wealthy people are the only ones even close to paying the tax burden of a standard social-democracy is something no Irish politicians will dare to utter. Great article. There is a lot to take in there and I don't think the majority of people who voted for SF and 'change' would be happy about having to pay that much more tax to get the housing and health changes they want. 
They just want to tax the corporations and that won't be enough. 
If the next government do decide to take the country in that direction of higher taxes for all then FFG will be back in power in four years with a sizeable majority.
I was going to tell you to watch out for the swans, only to realise it isn’t Glastonbury. 
Nice picture!
EDIT: Wells. Not Glastonbury. Lincoln's coat of arms (or at least the Uni's) features swans. Swans are a thing in Lincoln :).
@USER OMG NO WAY !!! @USER wat??
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER Both.
Bangladesh: Openly critical of India. 
Nepal: Embroiled in a border dispute. 
Bhutan: Limiting Indian tourist access. 
Sri Lanka: Rajapaksa ousts pro-India incumbent.
Afghanistan: Americans are rehabilitating the Taliban. 
Iran: See above.
Pakistan: Pushing forward with a concerted diplomatic offensive. 
China: Making ingress into Indian territory by building infrastructure to change facts on ground. 
But at least watching Jaishankar give tactless aggressive responses to foreign dignitaries provides bahkts enough material to jack off over a “strong India”.
Wonder what happened to his “look east policy”, I’m assuming planning guided tours to Kashmir is taking up all of the foreign ministry’s time. Sab anti-national international hai ji...
Update on #TheLittleRedDot. Now off the coast of North Mayo,the Atlantic hasn’t been kind to them BUT they are still in the race, yesterday’s sun helped dry their v wet gear.
Hoping to make it back by Thursday..thanks everyone for the uplifting support! #MammysVoyageBeginsAgain. @USER You must be very proud of your brilliant daughter.  Only 2 days to go.
10 minutes!? You might want to consider not boiling a full kettle. Quicker and better for your pocket (and the planet). it batters my haddock whenever my parents come to visit and I go to boil the kettle to find there's 6 litres of water in there and all they did was have a cup of tea each.
Heavy metal is the best medicine ? @USER Hmm, to each its own!
Guy in a car deliberately run over a cyclist because the driver was in a rush. cyclist deliberately running red lights because rules don’t apply to them.
#SportsCity #Sengipatti_Thanjavur

?If Our Govt Will Announce Sports City in Sengipatti, Thanjavur District. 

?It Will be a Big Boost 2 Central Region Dt's of TN. 

?Then the Long Neglected Delta Districts get Some Attention. Hope Infra will develop afterwards here in Delta. Transportation Facilities

?Trichy International Airport is Additional Bonanza ! 

? Thanjavur Junction is Just 24kms only !!

?TN's 2nd Biggest Rail Hub Trichy Junction is Jus 39km

?Budalur Railway Station in Thanjavur dt is Jus 10km

? Upcoming Thanjavur Airport.
Best Film About Drugs?? @USER Trainspotting

Watching this film at a very young age, I was never interested in trying drugs growing up. So glad I watched it! ?
What is a quote from a fictional character that has stuck with you ever since? @USER "never ever say never ever" Macgruber giving advice to a "rookie' before creating a distraction by confronting the enemy -naked with celery up his bum.
Former supporter, last night: “Joe, you’re a Democrat. Just admit it.”

Me: “I’m not a Democrat.”

Him: “U support Democrats. So u support their policy agenda.”

Me: “I oppose most of their agenda. But this isn’t about policy. It’s about our democracy.”

Him: “You’re a Democrat.”. @USER Is it Friday?
The first corona virus death in the US was in the town next to mine. Time to ask your crush out now.
A lot of people are saying this is good without any real understanding of what's going on here. We shouldn't be so naive as to think that the lower the better because war is bad.
First of all, defence forces aren't just for fighting other militaries. They're responsible for a wide variety of tasks. They're the last line of defence in cases of armed violence. That has a few different meanings, but one of the main ones is terrorism.
Obviously Islamic terrorism has never been a problem here, but Northern Ireland has had more terrorist attacks than any other region in Europe. The defence forces are the main reason why that violence didn't spill across the border. They were posted along the border in strength and had to repel multiple attempts by the IRA to set up on our side of the border.
Also, in times of emergency, be it from extreme weather or pandemics, the defence forces can also be deployed to fulfil a broad range of roles.
They also fill in for emergency services when people such as prison guards or paramedics go on strike.
And lastly, they're generally regarded as among the best peacekeepers in the world. Ireland is a country that punches above our weight in terms of soft power and our commitment to peacekeeping is a huge part of that. The value of the soft power from peacekeeping vastly outweighs its costs.
These are all essential services that we all take for granted. However, with expenditure at 0.3% of GDP, the defence forces are critically underfunded, which has left them in a crisis. Members are not getting fair pay and they're struggling to carry out their duties. With extreme weather and covid19 on our doorstep, we may find that the defence forces are not in the position to fulfil their emergency roles.
We can still have among the lowest expenditure in the EU and increase funding to ease all of these problems. Nobody gives a fuck about Irish peacekeeping except for our local military fetishists. If your only argument for Ireland having an army is that they can back up front line civil services in an emergency then its already over. Just expand the civil defence and let the guards deal with the IRA as they have done fairly successfully since the beginning of the state.
The only real reason to have an army is to wage war, and ireland would need at least 20 times the current army to survive a determined invasion by any realistic OPFOR for more than a few days, so why bother? A standing army in Ireland just makes it easier for the (non-existant) invasion force to kill our men. 
&#x200B;
Do an Iceland and get rid of it all I'd say, keep a few tanks and guns around for the children and the re-eanctors to ooh and ah over.
@USER I have filled in the application form from my phone and it isn't clear what I need to do next. Do you have it?? @USER  @USER  @USER can you help?
Idk, i can't help, maybe call someone to help but i suck at help them. Maybe u could just use your arm and wrap it around the bullys neck and pull him down then beat the crap out of him.
Liberal side don't like to talk about this (I'm a liberal too) but it is a fact that Indian muslims have changed a LOT in the last 25 years. Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
I lived in Lucknow when I was young. That was a very liberal muslim city. You'd never even see a burqa in Hazratganj. Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
Among my muslim friends from back then, there is a shift within their families as well. My friends (all 30 year olds) are mostly irreligious. But their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar". > Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
> Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
> their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar"
Do you have any sources for these?
Giving your 2 year old fake guns, cracking parent. Looks about right for the area anyway. Dont you know that its the oppressive society that forces them to be scumbags ?   Just like being poor forces people to spend all their money on alcohol and cigarettes.
So I've written 25k of new book since end of July.

This is good yes?

My brain constantly tells me I'm a writing failure.

Also launched massive marketing campaign at work. 

#ImposterSyndrome #adhd. @USER I tell myself I’ll never be as successful as Agatha Christie. And therefore always a failure. Once you’ve accepted your failure, the success goal posts move an awful lot closer.
@USER What the fuck did I just watch. @USER Pure inspiration.
The theory that there's a cure for cancer out there somewhere. Not a developmental one, but one that has a high success rate, like vaccines for various diseases.  It's probably locked away guarded by heavily armed guards.  Imagine how much money the medical world would lose when an easily accessible cure is put on the market. Cancer generally happens later in life.  You can charge FAR more for a cure than for a treatment.  Make them pay for a cure, and the next round of people will be aging into cancer soon so that you can sell THEM the cure too...the market is endless, people are temporary.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Beautiful. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER That's actually more important than being beautiful.. A biodiversity indicator, as none saw it till now in my area.
House homeless and refugees in the Seanad. How can we have Reddits when there are homeless???
DISGRACE.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER Yes
You go and elect a party with that in their manifesto
That's how it works doesn't it ?
I mean their sausage rolls have actually beat other prize winning rolls in a taste test. I can't believe they've beaten sausage rolls made of actual meat.
I love the term 'fossicking'.  Picked up a half oz nugget in Victoria a few years back. Saying "fossicking" never gets old lol. That's awesome about the gold. Was it just in the Bush or did you dig or pan for it?
Just got a message from a Relatively Normal Secrets reader's parent:

"I just wanted to say, thank you! My 9 year old kind of LOATHES reading, but I just picked this up on kindle for her, and she's been sitting downstairs reading for the past hour."

I'm not crying, YOU'RE CRYING. @USER  @USER What a great reward and compliment  for your work.
Sorry if awkward, but does anyone else here masturbate to their classmates ? Yeah homie people jerk off watching dead cats, classmates are just normal for them.
Another summer over.  Goes so quickly doesn't it? @USER ? I don’t consider Summer is over until I need to put on a sweater in the evening… sometime in October, regardless of what the calendar says Tilly. ? Makes me happy longer too. So I’m going to stay in my time zone. Join me ?
@USER  @USER Congratulations Abi, look forward to working with you ?? @USER  @USER Thank you, and likewise!! ?
Taylor Marshall is my J Mac. @USER Shit yeh ????
@USER That's heartbreaking. I think he's very handsome, and I'd definitely hang out with him if I were his age. @USER He’s adorable &amp; super friendly. I’m glad he’s my best bud.
Rice looks a bit overcooked or is it broken rice? Rice is overcooked :).
What an absolute load of garbage. I read those books as a kid. They were great. Not even close. The most disappointing trailer since... well... cant remember the last time I was so disappointed.
Serves you right for being a degenerate.  Dunking any kind of biscuit is an abomination but chocolate ones are particularly objectionable, specially in these difficult times of coronavirus, Br*xit and Baby Boris when everyone's nerves are frayed.  Have you no consideration for other people? I have a dunking problem. I've tried to quit many years ago but this is who I am and I've accepted that. The melted, gooey chocolate, the soggy base, a hint of coffee mixed into the dark chocolate. It's wrong, I know that but what can I do.
Every time I come to Alice Springs and visit First Nations townships &amp; remote communities I’m given most important reminder of how colonisation &amp; systemic oppression &amp; disenfranchisement of First Nations peoples remains pervasive. Truly our national shame and a stain on us all. @USER Best you had home to Greece with your family then,  hand your house back if you feel so strongly.
Curse Zeus for making me a mortal. Damn you Zeus! Damnnnn yooouuu!!!!! ... Every morning.
True. Back in 1993 or the IM run from 2004-2007, the bombings felt unfair because neither governments nor society supported babri. Babri was carried out by what was seen as a fringe extremist group, but everybody in society paid the price. I have no problem calling those bombings terrorism.
But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism. Government, judiciary, media, police, bulk of hindu society itself - are arrayed against them. If they are forced into a fight they didn't want in the first place, it's not terrorism but resistance. Bhagat Singh might have thrown bombs, but he was not a terrorist - he was a resistance fighter. >But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism
Am sorry say this here(might even get banned), but these are early sings of getting radicalized, please seek help asap.
It's official now!! I am absolutely delighted to announce that I will join  @USER as an Assistant Professor under the Ad Astra fellows program, starting September 2022. This is the start of a new and very special chapter, a dream that comes true! (1/3). @USER  @USER Great news. Congratulations!
Chuck them over here for a taste test. They should arrive in time for next Sunday’s roast!
In Canberra, fewer than normal. They must have been smoked out.
Some years, the flies are bad. Much fewer, too dry? Smoke was prob a factor too, I agree.
Hey!! Guess what!?!? Today is my wedding anniversary. Maybe I should celebrate by burning my marriage license?! @USER Only counts if it’s recorded and posted??
Can understand PM expressing condolences on the death of MSY but why are random RW guys crying bucketful! @USER You are a good question.
You just need to know the first line, then mumble along with the rest of us! I still have it ingrained from Irish college.
We all remember the nursery rhyme. "After the poo or pee has landed, do make sure that you're clean handeeeeaahhhd". Is that the verse that comes after "If you sprinkle / When you tinkle, / Please be sweet / And wipe the seat"?
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. My favourite for reviews is when a clearly online username the owner replies with "No Ardee959 ever stayed here! What a snake in the grass". Like of course some people use an online name?
Thanks to a generous benefactor, I will be at the Bills/Steelers game. I hope I can meet some of you tweeps in person. I am so excited that I lost my voice. I am very grateful. Waited for Victory Tuesday am on cloud nine and can’t wait to attend my first home game in years! @USER I am Jealous of you! At the same time Happy for you! 
A fav please? Hold up a sign that says:
"Doin'The Pee-Pee Dance"
for "TheDr!" Please!!!
Go Bills Baby!!!
भारत के तीन महापुरुष  दुनिया में सदैव याद जायेंगे 
1 गौतमबुद्ध - ध्यान के लिए।
2 अम्बेडकर - ज्ञान के।
3 कलाम - विज्ञान के  लिए ।
#जय_भीम_जय_संविधान_जय_विज्ञान. @USER कृष्ण से बड़ा किसी का ध्यान नहीं,विवेकानंद जैसा ज्ञान नहीं और वेदों जैसा विज्ञान नहीं।.
10/12 number 4 & 8 have me stumped. I just got 8, it's easier if you try it in reverse order.
@USER If I’ve read the press notes correctly doesn’t he get free coffee for a year or something for being there first? @USER That's right. Still, very impressive.
More time to go to the beach. Only people complaining are snowboarders. and anyone growing crops sensitive to climate. (hint: that's all of them).
@USER Yeah, Phillies fans complaining at the behavior of a braves fan. Phillies fans...??? Isn't this a normal pre game scene at citizens? @USER  @USER The only thing being complained about is why my man didn’t dish out a beating ! I’m sure you all will be in your best behavior here though ! Lol.
While our scientist are not excited to work on it, US has already patented it :   URL  
 URL. Sir, You can even get a patent for minor changes in Mickey Mouse, then this is a by-product of a cow, with a potential market for India. Why wouldn’t they do that?
Glad you enjoyed it. I live close to here and it never gets boring. All year round its beautiful. I even proposed to my wife here :). It’s an appropriate place to do it, even crap days look nice here.
@USER Do you have a German Shepherd? I presume that is the strange thing that happened. @USER Hi tell me please what happened why are you are sat up having a cup of tea in bed .? It looked like there was a German Shepherd at the bottom of your bed. Is that the spooky thing that happened? Do you have a dog.
it definitely  licked the saliva from the corner of your mouth while you slept.. Pretty sure it didnt.
There is something off with the restaurant Arby’s. Do you personally know anyone who eats there? Yes.  They have the meats.
@USER [Palghar Lynching Case] Maharashtra Govt says it is willing to hand over investigation to CBI, "would have no objection for the same", their affidavit before Supreme Court reads. When it comes to certain community neither. @USER Hon’ble court had not taken a single step as suo moto cognizance nor to CBI from the first Mob Lynching - Mohsin Shaikh in Pune on 2 June 2014 to A 22-year-old Ejaz Ansari resident of Gumla in Jharkhand.
@USER That's Fabulous Friday news! @USER Thanks my friend.
@USER Do one in small heath next. @USER The kids here need it plus there's loads of talent in small heath park lool.
I use my.gov every three months to do my BAS....I just reset the password and have it sent to my email, then get the passcode sent to my phone...no biggie.    
For all those wondering why I reset the password, I'm not remembering or writing down a password for a fucking website I never use....or even for one I do. The amount of fucking websites requiring an account and/or sign in for the one time you use them either in a year or ever at all.....fuck off. It’s perma shut down now for no fucking reason....i feel like petrol bombing the nearest centre link...im going to uni next fucking week....i need the student support ffs!
Open a roth 401k. If you scale your earnings throughout your lifetime even starting now at as little as 10 or less a week you will have a boatload of cash when your 40 50 or 60. Also work hard now, Find something that pays a living wage that you want to learn everything you can about and you will also find a mentor, or they will find you. 
I waited 2 years to go to college and its a blessing and a curse. A mentor in a field of something that you are interested in is a godsend, mirror their path while doing your own dd to decide what the best course of action is.
Also, this country is dead. No fucking doubt it is GONE. No reviving from this. here's what's gonna happen in the next few years:-

Muslims will continue to be killed and hunted
NRC and CAA will be applied without obstruction
Most Muslims will move to other countries as migrants
Yogi will become PM in '24
The Muslims still in the country will be killed and raped by sanghis
India will become a Hindu nation (duh it already is)
Then people will start to get divided by caste
The Hindu nation will realize that they should've paid attention to major issues like economy and shit before because now it's irreparable
This country where the police, the courts and the lawmakers are sold for prices, how can you expect justice even when everyone is the same religion
The country will fall into the trap of rich gets richer poor gets poorer
India will turn into Syria and RSS will be termed a terrorist organization like ISIS
'Virat Hindus' today will finally get what they always wanted

Maybe 5 years maybe 10 years or maybe 15 years down the line, one day, people will realize that they never wanted this. Even the sanghis will sit down and think "Is this what I wanted?"
Sit and think. Sit, and think. Agree to most of it. Except it won't be syria because of business tycoons who have all invested here heavily. May be something like Saudi Arabia that moves according to their religious laws and morals. No way I see a Syria here. Atleast the government has to maintain some level of image to get avoided from sanctions etc. Anyway I don't expect a Syria like situation.
They might have been right. Probably.... But not for this reason.
@USER Thought you’d enjoy this @phil_couser. @USER  @USER  @USER Has Kwarteng pinched your nickname?
Well not surprising seeing as we pretty much gave up trying to stop it after the initial travel ban from China. It will come in from everywhere not just China. The latest cases in Australia are from people coming from Iran and you would expect from Italy as well.
So no it's not surprising unless everyone was banned from traveling to Australia or coming home....
It's inevitable.
An unmitigated disaster - but the left wont care, they are so blinded by irrational hatred they cant see the massive gain every group of citizens has made in the last 3 years.
I genuinely feel sorry for that level of delusion. What makes you say that it will be an unmitigated disaster?
@USER  @USER Now that BJP wants to split India by imposing Hindi let the taxes collected by South India need not be utilised for the north Indian development. We are working hard and all benefits goes to north like road, rail etc.etc. Better stop imposing Hindi. @USER  @USER  @USER Seems like u r barking everywhere ??
Katharals start.
But they're not in power. Don't we how it could be any worse with sinn fein in power but hopefully we see soon.
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER Whos going to want to buy when your not willing to sack rodgers and putting in rubbish performances?
Is it true there's more panic buying in Chinese neighbourhoods? Yes. 
Chinese restaurant are going broke. No one visiting them.
My ex has the highest chance of dating me so caught feelings at your own risk. @USER ?? cant stand u.
Propoganda it is ..!!!  URL  
They only have 76 followers and this profile was made in Oct 2019 PLUS see the tweets they are doing like the interview of Swara with Abp news (cropped so as to suit bjp narrative) ... 
I don't believe you should trust these Sites. I just saw few other tweets as well which are false including Rajdeep Sardesai's tweet.
To be fair now, I came across an accident on the N17 today and they were all over it. Gardai on the scene, followed by medical teams and the fire brigade. 
I suppose it just depends on the Garda, same as any job. 
Some of them are useless, indifferent jobsworths and others are committed people dedicated to serving the community. The lack of resources and the recent scandals can't be very good for morale, either. They get paid a fuckton of money. That's all the morale they need. The scandals are their own doing, including the scandal of threatening to go on strike in 2016 for even higher pay, and penalty points scandal where the entire lot of them committed fraud.
No accountability, early retirement and massive pensions and a average weekly pay packet of 1200 euro a week in a job for life.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER The thing about this is we can’t blink now. We left him take Crimea and he has returned for more territory. I think he’s weak. I hope his own people will bring him down.
You can never go wrong with more shitter paper. You'll miss that when you run out. I bought 10-11 packs of 24 roll sorbent about a year ago and store it in the garage. Time to buy some more. As a wise man once said "Never buy just 1 roll.".
Dog barks at me every once in a while for no reason. New bad habit. Maybe you should give him more treats? :D.
जय श्री राम! हे तुमचंच सगळ्यांचं हँडल आहे. म्हणून, तुम्हाला प्रत्येकाला आज मी 25K वेळा मनापासून धन्यवाद देतो. नमन..? @USER Congratulations ?
Parents of children aged 3-8, is everything in your house broken? @USER Yes ?
My kids are aged 7-13. Thought we were past the worst of it and was even started to contemplate replacing a very worn sofa. Completely destroyed again this week by major kid drink spill ?- think we’ll wait another few years ?
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Richard Edward.
The fitout is $343,945.60
 URL 
Let's all take a moment to soak in the irony of most of parliament being the kind to rake inner city latte sippers into the bin with spent grinds. Conservatives projecting; it has more spreadability than corona virus.
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. Well you can't have a 'cure for cancer' because cancer is an umbrella term for many diseases. That's like saying about cure for lung disease. Also several forms of cancer can essentially be 'cured' due to improving therapies.
Check yourself if the above information is written on  Canadian official website 
 URL 
If you open the article title and body are contracting each other. 
Edit:.
u/futuoerecutus provided me the url  which has the stated information. 
 URL 
It appears to be genuine. It does state to "Exercise High degree of Caution" in India. However it doesn't tells explicitly the reasons that are there in the article.
(Unpopular opinion, though I do hope it's not taken too close to heart) We, both as Northerners and Southerns, need to stop romanticising people like this if we are to seriously develop as 2 countries who can look back on history and not have a miniature verbal civil war. Ignore the salty downvoters man.
@USER Thank you, Nick! @USER It's a beauty PJ - you should be so proud :) ♡.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. Look at this one...
Paul xxxx 2/5
a month ago on Google
I was very disappointed with this Motel when I was stranded there in the recent bush fires and had to stay for a night along with other motorists. They took advantage of the situation and charged almost double their normal rates.. I think it was a very low act.
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. In the US, sure. No other country in the world makes such a profit on healthcare.
Bangladesh: Openly critical of India. 
Nepal: Embroiled in a border dispute. 
Bhutan: Limiting Indian tourist access. 
Sri Lanka: Rajapaksa ousts pro-India incumbent.
Afghanistan: Americans are rehabilitating the Taliban. 
Iran: See above.
Pakistan: Pushing forward with a concerted diplomatic offensive. 
China: Making ingress into Indian territory by building infrastructure to change facts on ground. 
But at least watching Jaishankar give tactless aggressive responses to foreign dignitaries provides bahkts enough material to jack off over a “strong India”.
Wonder what happened to his “look east policy”, I’m assuming planning guided tours to Kashmir is taking up all of the foreign ministry’s time. Sab anti-national international hai ji...
I live in a lovely village but it's in Nadine Dorries: constituency. Help! Pro  European, climate, love and compassion. #Followbackfriday #HumanRights  #FBFriday. @USER Has she been back since she was elected?
I’m probably going to be downvoted for having my own opinion, but I disagree. I loved their recent program about their DNA and family history. They can be quite funny but more so their banter is fun to watch. They’re just two typical Northern blokes who’ve been best mates since they were kids and it’s nice to see. I liked them for a few years, but then Saturday Night Takeaway started getting repetitive. Ant nearly killing a child was the final nail in the coffin for me.
I love you all ❤️. @USER Feeling’s mutual xx.
@USER Good Morning Forgetfulness!  Have a fantastic Thursday my friend!?? @USER Thank you Errol.?
Bring on transfer rumours atleast #LFC. @USER Valverde.
Been working since 16 and I’ve never been promoted in my life. Debenhams, Next, McDonalds, more pubs than I can count, every manager I’ve had rightfully looked at me and thought “you are lucky to even have this job.” 

Until now! Say hello to Birkbeck’s newest Senior Lecturer!! @USER Hello. and congratulations.
@USER  @USER Available from…? @USER  @USER Sent u a pm thanks.
@USER Awwww, how adorable. Tippy's not impressed in the slightest. ? @USER I know right ????
Good morning everyone,
May the rest of the day be restful, and safe. On my end I am fine but with an upset stomach. I need to schedule another doctor's appointment because I feel a little lump in the stomach area. It could be a hernia who knows? I already had gallbladder surgery. know I am definitely not pregnant ??. This is just a gastrointestinal issue.
Life is like a penis 
Sometimes it's up 
Sometimes it's down, but it won't be hard forever. @USER  @USER Depends.
Boris Johnson ignores his responsibilities here and goes scuttling off to Ukraine in a desperate bid to be photographed next to the only person in the world who  likes him. @USER You mean the only European leader who has backed him unequivocally?
Why. Because it’s outstanding at low temperatures! Since it’s -14 here today, it should perform incredibly well.
Trump Supporters believe that they are not treated with respect. @USER Correct, they shouldn’t be.
fuck your zodiac sign what pokémon do you start with. @USER If we talking OG starts, I got my squirtle squad!
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. That doesn't sound right at all.
Sandycove, 16c and overcast, a bunch of lads walking towards the dart station. One of which wearing a northface bubble jacket over a hoodie, one topless ??? @USER Did our beach clean this morn, decided not to go in shorts as we were doing the dunes. Man was I glad, I would've been glad of yer man's jacket!!
Have to get ready for work but my motivation is at a 0....this cold has been kicking my ass..my nose is plugged up and my chest is full...but no covid thank god...just pushing through it... @USER Bless. Hope you feeling better soon. I'll send you lots of motivation to get you going and throughout the day. Here for you. Take care. Lots of love ? ? ? ? ? ? Xxxx ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥.
OK, who else can I offend? @USER The french. They always deserve it.
C'mon man. Making an absurd statement and following it up with,"What would you do?" or "How fucked are you?" is the weakest form of r/AskReddit post.
You're capable of better. You are a higher level of intellectual ability, I wish all posts were by people like you.
So sick of ass posts on almost every sub now a days.
#AirtelFibre #AirtelAcceptComplaint #Bhartiairtel #Airtel

Airtel Fibre network is down since 30+ hours. The customer care is not ready to accept complaint.
Every time we text/call/ email, they say that they are working with utmost priority. This is how they have zero complaints. #Airtel #Airtel5G #Airtel5GPlusLaunch #airtelplan #airtelweekendchallenge.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Congrats!
@USER  @USER Any chance of remembering the Southern Hemisphere or will this just be the endless US tour again? @USER  @USER  @USER Always comes down to promoters. If someone puts up the money for a tour of that region, I'm sure the band would love it. With touring expenses these days, promoters have a lot more to risk with guarantees. Tricky business.
Today I thought oh I’m only in my home town a few more days maybe I can whack on a respirator and visit a dear friend who lives not far from me and then I remembered she is a cooker now and I cried like a little kid because it feels like we have no place in the world.

But we do. @USER You all do have a vital place in this world. You're not alone Sam. I share your pain and disappointment.
Half of all the entertainment profits (movies, books, tv shows). That's a lot of money.
Lol. They said they will demand resignation of HM. 
Aiming for the stars I guess. With that attitude. We still would have been slaves of britishers.
(Unpopular opinion, though I do hope it's not taken too close to heart) We, both as Northerners and Southerns, need to stop romanticising people like this if we are to seriously develop as 2 countries who can look back on history and not have a miniature verbal civil war. We don't want to develop as two countries.
@USER We prohibit the sale of free tickets to public events. However, now that the event is over and the tickets can no longer be used for entry, they may be sold as memorabilia. Since Queen Elizabeth II's funeral has now passed, we are no longer removing these items. ~Kim. @USER I still think it’s disrespectful.
The media love to throw up trade scenarios.

So let's do the same for them.

Who would trade in/out from the footy media on TV/Radio/Paper.

(Mega super deals accepted!). @USER Brian Taylor waived for salary cap space.
Have sex with all the girls, lesbians know their way around better anyway. MOOD, being Gay or Bi would ultimately destroy the premise of this.
@USER my postpaid due was on last day that's 7 October and due to travel I missed it. I made payment on 8th morning but the late  charges are hefty that's INR 590
I have always paid on time. Kindly remove it 
#Paytm #paytmkaro. @USER  @USER  i haven't received any communication yet.
Nothing better than a Sunday morning fry-up. Only question is… red sauce or brown?? ?? @USER Waitrose mayonnaise ??
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER We can only hope! Perhaps we’ve declared war on Russia or put a man on Mars overnight.
Wasn't it already contracted and sold years ago through backroom deals? I know people working in the industry and they knew about the privatization over a year ago. They sold off a few depots about 2 years ago (Leichhardt, Burwood, Kingsgrove and Tempe).
The government still owns Ryde, waverley, Botany, Brookvale, Randwick, Willoughby, North Sydney and Monavale.
Your mother. Damn, you know her too?
The world is ending 
Change my mind. The world has been through far worse with less tech and a smaller population. 
We’ll be fine. 
Till climate change cuts a lot of us down. And still, we’ll be fine.
Have you seen the Cliffs of Moher? Yeah have u heard of 'the high man'.
Female directors that are also mums (and likes musicals) - make yourselves known! @USER  @USER should be able to help you out there!
Can we stop putting “natural” in front of “gas”? One of the most successful greenwashing efforts of all time. We don’t call it “natural wind” or “natural sun” - or “natural coal”, for that matter. The nature of gas is that it’s a fossil fuel whose combustion causes climate change. @USER Methane.
Goood Morning ?? woke up at 4, glad I was able to go back to sleep! Calling my dr office again.. still feeling bad. They are ignoring me?#hopeyouhaveagreatday. @USER Wishing you a good day and a FAST appointment!
Who do you think should sing the next #JamesBond  @USER title song? @USER  @USER @thearmed.
jaysus please don’t trap me here. Sorry, you’ve been infected, we must contain the spread of Carlowism as effectively as possible lest we all catch cases of mediocre GAA teams. A hit team is hunting down Saoirse Ronan as wee speak.
Let the events of the last two weeks banish any suggestion that Scotland isn't a vital and integral part of the United Kingdom. @USER I’d sooner banish you, you total numpty!
Vegemite is the red line. You must like Vegemite. Only in the bedroom.
According to new polling, Americans think Biden’s student-loan bailout is unfair by a margin of 59% to 32%. @USER Who did the polling?
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER What happened. M.C.
@USER I discovered mine at 52! Go for it! ❤️. @USER Amazing! Would love to know what it was, if you wouldn't mind sharing? ?
@USER  @USER Oi. @USER  @USER  @USER Don’t get the boys onto poor old Webbo now…! Admit if he’s your favourite driver too! You’re his…?
> health authorities have reminded people that you cannot eat toilet paper
That sounds like a challenge! Said every dog ever. My cat would like to weigh in on this too....she’s ringed barked the loo tree.
@USER  @USER Congratulations. I’m happy for you! Not only because you are free from that situation but because of the strength that you have gained. The person that you have become. Our experiences and decisions can make us or break us. Congratulations on refusing to be broken! ?????? @USER  @USER I really appreciate that. And I love that quote. “On refusing to be broken”.
A Hindu Rashtra India will probably last 10 years before fragmenting. 
Even Islam, which is a lot more homogeneous than Hinduism (one prophet, one book, one set of beliefs) could not keep Pakistan in one piece. Eventually the ethnic differences between Bengalis and Punjabis proved too much.
Hinduism has a lot more heterogeneity, and it is impossible to implement a cow belt version of Hindu doctrine across the length and breadth of the country. It is only the Unity in Diversity approach, which necessarily implies secularism that has kept this country not only alive but also thriving - at least upto now.
The ultimate irony will be if history judges Modi, Shah, Ajay and Kapil Mishra to be the actual tukde tukde gang. Heck even right now, Pakistan is basically a constant fight between Punjabis and Sindhis, with Baluchis reduced to second grade citizens and Pashtuns lumped with Afghanis.
I'm hearing through the grape vine  that this fella confirmed with the virus yesterday who arrived back 2 weeks ago and didn't quarantine himself lives in greystones, Wicklow. Anyone else hear this? Supervalue greystones might be infected.
Look at all those chickens. We are.
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. Anything to get a 'but Labor' answer in during QT. Was a disgrace and not actually relevant.
Me, Not child.
Accidentally stole a loaf of bread. Went in for milk and bread. Held milk and money in one hand. Bread in another. Put milk up paid and walked out. Got to car. Checked receipt because i got more change than expected and realised I just held the bread in left hand and only gave them the milk and money with right hand. Completely unaware. How did the cashier not notice it? Probably had a bad day, well not you, you got free bread.
Let businessmen use their minds to paint pictures of success in their businesses, and it shall be so. Let the career person imagine himself at the top echelon of his career, and it will be impossible for him to remain at the bottom. 

That’s how to get God committed. @USER Amen and Amen. I believe and receive I'm the Mighty Name of Lord Jesus Christ.
Just back from seeing a great play in the Civic Theatre in Tallaght called ‘No Magic Pill’. It’s about the life of Martin Naughton the late great disability activist. Highly recommend it. @USER At the 3pm show.
Social Worker writes…‘the child wants to study psychology at A Level. Bearing in mind their mental state this is totally inappropriate.’ I give up ??‍♂️ At times I pity my profession. Luckily the young people are the ones that motivate me to keep doing this job. @USER what absolute crap! My daughter suffered mental health problems and self harmed all through teenage years. She is now an amazing support worker in a Forensic hospital and finishes her adult and #mentalhealth #nursing masters degree this year. #experience #understanding.
It's almost like all the evidence that the incubation period can be greater than 2 weeks might actually be....true?
But of course that means nothing compared with the greed of the universities for $$$$$$$$$$$$$. Or they were staying with someone in Dubai who infected them with the virus just before they returned to Australia.
9/11, no matter what you say or think, that was absolutely, 100% guaranteed... An inside, controlled demolition based, Governmental job. Think of the amount of people and coordination it would take to pull off something of that magnitude. Meetings, planning, logistics, coordinating travel, allocating resources, phone calls, emails and all those people totally cool commuting the worst terrorist attack in US history. Nothing of substance gets leaked, no one had a change of heart?
Completed 18 years in Journalism today! 

#WorkAnniversary. @USER 18 Years!! Not easy.

Congratulations and Happy 18th Work Anniversary ?
What do people think the worst case scenario is with COVID-19? Like do people think we'll get the country shut down for two weeks or what? Genuine question, I know it's something the government/international bodies don't want to talk about yet/at all so I'm curious what people imagine it to be. Total societal shut down with hospitals bursting at the seams and people dying at home. I think it's likely. Look at italy for a glimpse into the future. 2000 cases in 10 days and they are struggling. Society will pause.
>"What's not to like? Custard, good. Jam, good. Beef, GOOD!". >It tastes like feet!
@USER  @USER What are your thoughts about  @USER wanting to grow game but then making the recent decision to lock out international subscribers from watching postseason games on @MLBTV? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I reckon !
Guy in a car deliberately run over a cyclist because the driver was in a rush. cyclist deliberately running red lights because rules don’t apply to them.
Was it supposed to be snake? Or does "sanke" mean something? It’s supposed to be snake. I saw the trend on Twitter.
@USER Fandabidozy well done??? @USER Thanks so much. ❤️❤️??
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER Should have happened years ago.
I am a germophobe and ATMs and shopping trolleys definitely make me uncomfortable. Then you don't want to think about bus and train poles, public bathroom doors/knobs (like Central station) and 711 hot dogs!
@USER Good morning ??‍♀️?☕️. @USER Happy Thursday Sharon. Have a fabulous day.??❤.
Manmeet is strong but not rude Raj is funny but not a fool. Both are responsible and it is a mature love story. Outstanding episode 12 #SherdilShergill. @USER Loving the show. DD and surbhi are rocking. What a comic timing ?
@USER Clare were lucky today. The subs made a big impact. Too many times Clare didn't get the rub of the green but had it today. A good situation for Clare as that game will have grounded them prior to KK semi. @USER Couldn't agree more. Even during the game for large stretches, they'd no luck. Two of Wexford's goals were free outs for instance. But they kept their heads which is great to see. They'll be sharper for it the next day.
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER I think he claimed he studied in Cambridge and Havard? Nothing we no go hear from Naanu!!
By slashing oil production during an international energy crisis, Saudi Arabia is aiding Russia's war on Ukraine and adding to pain at the pump.

Continued U.S. dependence on Saudi Arabia is a threat to our national security.

And our dependence on oil is a threat to our planet. @USER And now the Saudi own America's largest oil distillation plants.
Start your day off right, with the stimulating news that Alex Jones is no longer allowed to run his InfoWars company, per a federal bankruptcy judge.

ENJOY! @USER That just made my day.
कुछ मोहब्बत है इसलिए भी अधूरी रह जाती हैं

ताकि उनके परिवार खुश रह सके...? @USER उफफफफफ
ये मजबूरियाँ ।.
Some student ID's don't have an expiration date, so if you didn't have to register for a student leap through  college, you could in theory buy a student ticket forever.
It's in the T&C's for Luas that you need a student leap to have a student ticket that is valid for travel, onus is on you to have a valid ticket for travel.
I'd say An Post will find you no bother.
As an aside, if you are that stuck for food Brother Kevin gives out free food parcels every Wednesday from 9am-11:30am I believe. Nothing fancy, but has all staples. That's a good point about the expiry date.  While my card has a date on it, I hadn't thought about the validity of other student cards. I guess if an post can find me I should suck it up and pay the fine.
Thanks for the tip about brother Kevins.  I'll check it out. I usually budget better than this and am not usually this broke, but a series of misfortunes and injuries left me unable to work for some months, which drained most of my savings. I'm getting back on track now though.
Ex-pat in China. The Union Jack is printed everywhere in China.
On e-bikes and cars, clothing, stationary, merch, shop logos, handbags, advertising, EVERYWHERE.
The only time I've ever seen any other flag is the Stars and Stripes on a pair of skimpy running shorts some sweating half-naked yank was wearing. I think you might be missing a big red flag there...
Why are so many world leaders absolute dickheads?
> Did you hear? There's a natural order
> Those most deserving will end up with the most
> That the cream cannot help but always rise up to the top
> Well I say, "Shit floats". Because they're the ones most willing to kick others off the ladder and say whatever it takes to win over people who aren't paying attention.
@USER Just think you’re off work and he’s still working and was probably up at 4 am to do the milking all so you can have food &amp; milk in your house. ? ? ? @USER  @USER Well put!
@USER  @USER Many complaints r reported against officials of Immigration staffs in th Indo-Bangla border of Sutarkandi, Karimganj Dist of Assam 4 their utter misbehaviour wid both Indian n Bangladeshi nationals. Kindly investigate n take necessary note of it. @USER  @USER Please !
Good stuff lads. With progress like this, we’ll have Leitrim gone in no time. Can confirm Fermanagh has been added to the list.
Same thing happened to me. 
I eventually found a stash under the sink. 
So nice to have the windows and doors open today. Just checked under the sink
No luck.
What’s your favorite place to which you’ve traveled? @USER The Isle of Arran on the west coast of Scotland! Avril X.
@USER Happy Thursday ❤️. @USER Good morning Dale.?
This is your last shot to win today's #GIVEAWAY!

Q5. Brainstorming made you build your own sweet paper pile. Opt for _______ pages on the #RedmiWritingPad instead.

Comment with #RedmiWritingPad and #WriteClearRedoRepeat to win! @USER Ans. 5 &gt; 
Brainstorming made you build your own sweet paper pile. 
Opt for "20,000" pages on the #RedmiWritingPad instead.

#RedmiWritingPad #WriteClearRedoRepeat 
@RedmiIndia.
>The non-household sector comprised a very diverse group of property buyers, including private companies, charities and State bodies, the report said.
Watch this be picked up by the "ban the REITs and cuckoo funds" people on one side and the "why am I competing for housing with my tax money" crowd on the other.
What will be missed is that the income requirements are only one element of affordability, high rents preventing people saving for a deposit is a huge problem. Reducing rents requires more rental stock. Getting more rental stock means a lower proportion of housing being sold to private buyers. Rental prices are related to the total supply. It doesn't matter if houses are for sale or rent. These cuckoo funds are buying up properties for rent that would have been otherwise bought by private individuals. Where do you think they're living now?
Loved this as a kid.
In hindsight it was completely mental though. *without my pants.
Do you think Saudi Arabia is our ally?

YES or NO? @USER No.
11 GOP AGs just asked 11th Cir. to side w/Trump &amp; Cannon over DOJ — not by arguing law or facts but by saying Biden’s gov’t dsn’t deserve the usual deference due Executive, just as Cannon said Trump deserves better treatment than other people! So much for equality before the law. @USER They should all lose their job.  #VoteBlue.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER हां जी आज देश में यही चल रहा है संत महात्माओं को जेल में बंद कर रहे हैं और बॉलीवुड अभिनेताओं को बेल मिल रही है कानून पक्षपाती हो गया है कानून अपना काम नहीं कर रहा है.
@USER Too early for that Frank! @USER Too kind ?
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER Yeah people are strange these days and covid has emphasised this  and getting worse.
Just wash your dot out in the shower. starts stocking up on shower heads.
"Tell me, Hunter, do you really think the girl would really want someone like you? There is no path for you there. Come back to me ". @USER Hunter, don't!
So funny! A British guy saying that if Indians protest about a law passed in India by Elected representatives of India then the law must be unjust! The irony! What about the 100s of years of unjust British rule wherein millions of protesting were killed to stop the protesting. Ah yes, because it was this exact person who was ruling India for 100s of years! Totally fair comparison. In fact, I hear that the Germans are all Nazis too. Each with their own tiny moustache to boot. Next thing you'll say is that India still practices the caste system! Oh... wait... maybe that's why you think other Countries and cultures are incapable of evolving?
r/gatekeeping toast now?
For shame! I like my toast burnt and stake well cooked.
r/unpopularopinion ?
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER Hahahhahahahahahahhaahhahahahahahah.
Viceland on  @USER is currently screening a doco on the IS brides. Many of the hard core are giving the IS finger sign and continue to be ISIS supporters. The interviewer has protection as some of the brides are lethal. And  @USER wants them to come here. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks I'll take a look on SBS on Demand.
My sister loved stealing my things and my brother loves beating me up. My parents only ever told me to “just deal with it or fight back”. If i fought back I’d just get more hurt. Speaking from experience, my brother was abusive to me and my sisters. Now, I just don't talk to him as much. I wish you the best.
मुझको बारिश पसंद है...?️

और तुमको..? ? @USER Mujhe tum.
Best dance/rave club you went to?? @USER The Arches.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER The Bunnett understanding how elections work. Next he’ll be expecting manifestos to be implemented. Good Lord.
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Coffe.
@USER Happy Birthday King. @USER Thank u Tai Tai ????
I request Yogiji to practice Yoga along with a room full of Corona virus infected ppl, so that the virus is cured for all these patients and Yogiji himself gains immunity from the illness.. maybe he'll get that "sathya" Sai Baba's vibe and start performing miracles..
Funny how for a generation, the people of Ballsbridge would’ve associated the swastika with that truck and every subsequent generation it’s associated with you know, fascism, genocide etc
Edit: shite grammar. *of the people of Ballsbridge.
Bit of context, reasonably nice part of town would probably be described as "up and coming" in estate agentese. Problems with things being nicked from front gardens and backyards started several months ago, hence the camera. 
Shame as we used to be able to ask delivery people to just leave things out of sight. 
Milk seems like a new low... Tomorrow morning leave a half milk/half piss bottle sitting there.
If I have a cough I should seek medical care? This is some needless panic. It did say fever, cough, and difficulty breathing. Not just cough.
I got caught up in a thread. Its seems some guy named Nick is not a nice person. I think he might have played for the Cubs. Or maybe it was the Bears. If you know who this is, please let me know. Thanks. @USER Unfortunately Mary, there’s a lot of not nice people in here. Most of them are either Braves or Phillies fans.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations ? ??  @USER &amp; others. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
" continues to rise " ..... It went from 1 to 2 !!! I came here to post that. That's not exactly "continuing to rise" ?
wind power my arse. so....what you think this is false? Or you prefer burning stuff?
The ridiculous thing is if they are the flat tie on kind they don't protect the wearer so they are useless for people to steal. Hospital tie-on face masks are designed to stop medical professionals infecting their patient [edit.. and protect the wearer from blood/fluid sprays]. Only the form-fitting P2/N95 rated type protects the wearer [from inhaling particles/viruses].
Edit: source: I have spent many years doing filter/respirator R&D. Some of my papers are cited by 3M (a leading respirator and surgical mask manufacturer) in their technical manuals. It would seem the right mask to have personal reserves of ought protect in both directions. That is, protecting: the wearer; and others from the wearer.
So for example, if you have a form-fitting disposable P2/N95 mask with a valve this is not going to protect others from your exhalations (although, from personal experience, I've found valves great for bushfire smoke purposes).
It looks like, for example, the valveless  URL  fits the bill. Noting the explicit 3M™ Cupped Particulate Respirator 8210, P2
> 8210 can also be used in certain applications against some bio-aerosols. such as, influenza virus
Happy to have your expertise bear on any of that.
Ten year olds. You won this question.
Hah 28 is not old. Heck my mother got married at 28 and this was 32 years ago. Yes it's not usual but dont let your age make you rush into something so important. Will take care! And take my time. Thanks!
@USER How long did that take mate? Home next month and want to do a few climbs with the kids. Did Diamond Hill 3 years ago easy enough but there older now. @USER Up and down in 3 hours but that was going at the pace of the slowest in the group....you'd want to be reasonably fit as it's steep enough in places.
I would sit down, but not before I used the miniature Swiss Army knife I keep on my keys to cut the sign down. Let’s be honest, it’s not a council sign so it’s essentially a piece of litter. And I’m sure many in Abingdon would be glad to see it gone and have the bench available for sitting again. I mean just look at the queue of people deprived of silent bench time.
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious. @USER I concur, verbosity doesn’t equate with lucidity, it’s just insufferable pomposity and sententiousness.
Divorcees often go to counseling to heal from a divorce, but what about their children? Please consider them during and after a divorce, even if they seem to be doing fine. @USER One of r neighbors for whom Kate used to babysit got herself frequent counseling,but was dismissive when Kate told her that her son&amp;daughter could use some help to—it really showed.
They’ve both turned out to be great young adults but it would’ve been great if they’d suffer less.
Sapien says, “tomorrows exam can fuck off.”. Then tomorrow exam fucks Sapien in the ass.
Did something last night I never did before while out in Dublin: asked a girl if she's okay going home with the man she was with.

As I was walking behind the couple, I noticed how utterly demeaning he was to her in what he was saying to her and a red flag went up in my mind. @USER Good for you your a gentleman she was lucky she had you to watch over her.
I'm trying to read reddit with one eye  . Which eye?
Without telling your age, what song reminds you of your high school years? @USER Suite Judy blue eyes
CSN.
These bitches call me Jeffery the way I be dominant ? @USER Wilding !
Hey aamir sir, we lost 42 lives in the national capital. 5 years ago, he did speak. He has learnt from that experience.
22/23 Premier League Predictions:

?Champions: 
?Rock bottom: 
?Biggest overachievers: 
?Biggest underachievers: 
⚽️Top scorer:
?Most assists:. @USER Liverpool
Fulham
Forest
Leicester city
Haaland
Cancelo.
Has Lord Lebedev of Siberia and Johnson been sanctioned yet? @USER  @USER Of course not!
@USER Adelaide ch wadiya ajj mosam. @USER odr hi bhejde aa hun meeh ???
That Covid-19 is an escaped virus from the Wuhan military biological research facility. Where Chinese assembled it as a biological weapon that killed about 2800 people in 40 days? Mostly old people with previous diseases? Man, what a shitty weapon!
Sore throat and fever full family ? @USER Please consult doctor ?
@USER Beautiful...so peaceful. Good morning. @USER Morning Sue thanks for the follow.
I've done a similar thing.
I live in China and McDonald's deliver 24/7, but at the time, after 10pm they only do a limited menu, and you have to buy whole meals.
Well a few of us drunkenly went back to a friend's at about 2am, all hungry, one guy wanted two Big Macs but nothing else, someone else wanted a double cheese burger and nuggets and I wanted nuggets and chicken wings, plus god knows what else 
I explained its meals only and everyone was alright with that, and then the guy turned up and we must be have about 8 large cokes and fries and then all these burgers and nuggets and chicken wings.
Next day I guess the guy woke up forgetting what we'd done as we all got texts asking when the fuck did he open a McDonald's franchise
Good times. Chinese McDonald's >> any McDonald's elsewhere. Especially their fried chicken steak and the grilled chicken burger (坂烧鸡腿堡) is amazing and only sold within China.
@USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations! ? @USER  @USER  @USER thanks Lia!! ?
@USER Be safe and have a great day! @USER You to ??☕️.
@USER  @USER 
#FlipkartDoglaHai 
Again it happened, the delivery boy is asking me to come for self pickup, no action is taken from the flipkart side. They mark all my issues as resolved.
 @USER 
 @USER 
@hafizsd. @USER  @USER 
#FlipkartDoglaHai 
#flipkartscam 
Going to raise a complaint in the consumer court, please do comment if any one else wants to join with me.
There’s an app called Meetup that runs various things in Dublin, check it out. I personally go to the drinks on Wednesdays but there’s also other activities on there. Ive been on it before but didnt seem to find anything. I think I'll re-download it.
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The F#%&gt;ed Up Chaos.
So it's not something that's endemic to the US police forces then?
&#x200B;
> Research suggests that family violence is two to four times higher in the law-enforcement community than in the general population. 
>
>Source
I guess this is just a case of extracurricular r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut. But this article says that the 84 police is less than the general population, not more. Of course that wouldn't make for as good a headline.
>“The QPS has over 12,200 police officers and recruits and over the past five years, 84 officers were recorded as respondents on domestic violence orders,” the police statement said.
>“This equates to 0.68% of police officers and recruits being recorded as a respondent on domestic violence orders. Compared to the general population, police officers are 85% less likely to be recorded as a respondent on a domestic violence order.
>“The strong discipline and oversight regimes of the QPS results in police officers being 95% less likely to commit a breach of domestic violence order when compared to the general population.
Since I've taken office, companies at home and abroad have announced over $85 billion in new investments for electric vehicle, battery, and charging manufacturing all here in the U.S.

America is back leading the way. @USER Everything is up with the Biden administration: inflation 9.2,%, gas 39%, electricity 45%, crime over 100%,  Ilegal immigration over 100%.
no don't please. i was crushing over since she came. keep that chutiya away. You know there's something else that Trump family has in common with the Lannisters aside from the obsession with gold.
@USER burberry, Tommy Hilfiger : nice

852 squadron ?

all in, a great effort, but without stone island on the left bicep, the maximum score available is 6/10. @USER Can’t believe you wasted that much of your life to type that.
@USER If am correct you haven’t reply his/her message that’s the reason why he/she told you that you are arrogant. @USER I thought the same thing.
You can never go wrong with more shitter paper. You'll miss that when you run out. I bought 10-11 packs of 24 roll sorbent about a year ago and store it in the garage. Time to buy some more. As a wise man once said "Never buy just 1 roll.".
Just now  @USER a man came up to me &amp; asked if I was Rachel V. I told him I am &amp; he said my husband &amp; I are shitbags &amp; walked away.

This has NEVER happened to my far more recognizable husband &amp; that is the difference between the way people think they can treat women. @USER  @USER  @USER He's the shitbag!
Anyone optimistic about the future? Me.
@USER Fantastic Elaine. Congratulations to the young man ⭐? @USER Thanks so much Donna.
@USER Don't seems soo! @USER ??? I just have a little bit of crazy.
@USER Honestly... it makes no difference.. I have a Pixel and I don't even notice that... has no impact on usage or putting it on the table or anything... it really is not protruding much, especially with a case. @USER  @USER I concur. Don't even notice it during use. If anything, it helps with orientation of which end is up. I get new one every 2 years. Bought 6, now buying 7, trade in value of 6 is wonderful.
Light switch. Jacksfilms fan, or...?
I always believed that Partitioned shouldn’t have happened and we should have been all living in one unified india. I am a Pakistani living in Los Angeles and have a lot of Indian friends. 
Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan. > Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan.
Well you should learn history of Pakistan and Bangladesh. Jinnah was right when he said Muslims and Hindus cannot live together but only half. Punjabi Muslims couldn't even peacefully live with Bengali Muslims and they had an entire country between them.
Philadelphia is where it's at, we're gay af. Yes we’ve seen 76ers fans.
Scientists have discovered a way to combat anxiety disorders: This breakthrough remedy also helps people cope with depression, fibromyalgia, chronic pain, nervous exhaustion, and other conditions. Don't put it off any longer because demand is increasing by the day. @USER Grass means no Skittles or Haribos , Young Dumb and Broke Khalid. @SkyNews.
My partner went and got some for me... girl went behind the counter and just gave it to him. Didn’t take ID, interrogate him about symptoms... 3 times in the past 4 years, I tried to get some when I was obviously sick... I got refused once (even when I went in with a Tamiflu script)... and the other times was treated like a criminal and had my ID scanned... 
I get my partner to go in... he must look trustworthy, because they always ask him: “how many boxes?”. Everyone gets their ID scanned.
YouTube told me to. Lol.
i'm sad, marry me. @USER Yes i intrested ?
Don't worry, rugby fans can easily afford Sky. One less ivory back-scratcher. Believe it or not. The great unwashed also enjoy rugby. It’s one of the few sports we are good at.
I hate the kind of people that every time you talk to them they’re always trying and sell you something. @USER  @USER Me 2 .. I’m like I’m not interested! You know anyone who wants to buy a PS5 ?
@USER Why can’t you take your date for dinner at Mamma’s? @USER Seriously though, if some lovely lady invited me on a date to eat Mamma’s cooking I’m there pronto. Also, getting a look at Mamma is a good way to predict how her daughter is gonna turn out in future years, so best make that investigation early!
@USER Got mine today, too. Feel like crap! @USER This one doesn’t seem to have made me feel bad.
Here is my conspiracy theory
I think that IB officer who died in delhi riots, know something of important and tortured to get that information. Delhi riots are being used as cover up for his death. Ye thoda zyada merko lag raha hain.
It looks like you just need the Student leap card itself - and not buy Leap card credit.  
I would appeal the fine after getting a Student Leap card. You seem to be doing everything and just some bureaucracy BS caught you out. That Luas / bus didn't lose out on any money at all since you paid for everything, just not this one specific card that they needed. This sounds like the best option,  I just really don't want to get a leap card. I graduate in may, and due to injuries I can't work atm or cycle to college. I'm on a pretty tight budget, and will likely have to pay this €45, making the budget tighter. €10 for a leap card is just a lot of money for me right now when it seems so pointless. I think I may have to just suck it up.
@USER You missed  @USER  of the list. @USER  @USER Nah Jim bounces well.
Online reviews are a problem it's far to easy for people to just shit on companies and create a skewed unfair perspective.
Much of the time it can be defamatory to... The entire review thing needs some proper regulation and rules.. >regulation and rules
All that would do is make people create their own websites/blogs/forums to sidestep the rules. You'd have a tough time enforcing that on a global scale.
@USER I feel it is hard to find consistency. And the bad thorns are hard to weed out early. @USER I can see that for sure.
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Yesterday's Republic tv debate was about why PM is leaving Twitter.... They came up with the fact that twitter is spreading fake news(they gave examples too) and therefore namo is trying to tackle it (and ofcourse they support him) ... Now i wanna know whether they are going to say that Namo isn't doing anything against fake news.
Funny how for a generation, the people of Ballsbridge would’ve associated the swastika with that truck and every subsequent generation it’s associated with you know, fascism, genocide etc
Edit: shite grammar. Jaysus Mary. That crowd down the laundry are really taking the piss. I hear they annexed Poland. Michaeleen was always a nice lad. What would his poor mother day Lord rest her.
I'm allowed to go for a cig break every 3 hours.
EDIT: On a more serious note, I have free reign to do what I want when it comes to making spreadsheets and experimenting with work. In my last job, it was so restricted I wasn't even allowed to use lookups because they "didn't trust it". This is insanity. Surely anyone who understands the functionality of a lookup in Excel is also smart enough to realise they aren’t the devil incarnate?
I would’ve just used INDEX(MATCH) instead and told them it was safe.
The ridiculous thing is if they are the flat tie on kind they don't protect the wearer so they are useless for people to steal. Hospital tie-on face masks are designed to stop medical professionals infecting their patient [edit.. and protect the wearer from blood/fluid sprays]. Only the form-fitting P2/N95 rated type protects the wearer [from inhaling particles/viruses].
Edit: source: I have spent many years doing filter/respirator R&D. Some of my papers are cited by 3M (a leading respirator and surgical mask manufacturer) in their technical manuals. This. The crappy ones are for protecting people from the mask-wearer.
PolitiFact "fact-checked" President Trump almost 6 times as often as they do Joe Biden.

Now you know why Americans don't trust fact-checkers. @USER Perhaps Trump made six times the number of questionable statements.
Q2. What is the sale price of the #GalaxyZFlip3?
A. INR 69,999 till 12th October
B. INR 54,999 till 12th October
C. INR 74,999 till 12th October
D. INR 84,999 till 12th October

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER B. 54,999 till 12th October
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
@USER Good win against a very average Wexford team. Subs &amp; fitness were the difference. FB line quite poor though. Wexford denied a stone wall penalty at the end. Both Clare midfield taken off too. Won't be good enough in the semi. @USER  @USER Twas no penalty! Watch replay u see at least 2 clare backs ar there.
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER What, the rees mogg who wouldn't serve under another prime minister after johnson? Perhaps he's going to announce his Damascene conversion to trussism.
Will they go up again? URL  watch this it will help.
@USER Good on you.  There's nothing like getting an early start to your day and getting it done. @USER Exactly ?
Indians giving random foreigners undue importance since 1800s... Saar, he's saying something I agree with so upvotes to the left.
Resulting riots in carlow have caused literally dozens of euros in damage. It will take Michael weeks of dole payments to replace the broken window on his 2004 Toyota.
Cheating on your barber is much worse. They know you’ve done the dirty. Say you were attacked by Edward scissorhands.
Goddamn leftist greenie terrorists are LITERALLY changing the seasons. What next? FFS. This is what happens when you don't rake the leaves.
@USER Good job  @USER you are starting to be a blessed ‘WarPresident’ that’s what we need now! @USER  @USER  @USER War president? Is this satire? Something tells me to you'd be singing a different tune if you were over there fighting.
the whole concept of gita is so badass. so much wisdom for just arjun convincing him to fight given by badass vishnu himself who must have a million other ways to have his way leading to the vishwaroop has to be one of the most epic moments ever written. Yep, when I completed the whole book I was in love with Krishna and wanted to be with him forever in heaven.
No promises, but I think I’m going to finally drink a hard seltzer today as one of my shifties. @USER I may have missed this, are you very anti seltzers?
i need them to expand on hob gadling’s storyline and give him flashbacks. i want roaring 20s hob, world war ii hob, flower-power 60s hippie hob, 70s glam rock hob. give me all the hobs. 

#hobgadling #ferdinandkingsley #sandman #thesandman #thesandmannetflix #renewsandman. @USER So you want a spinHob?
It's almost like all the evidence that the incubation period can be greater than 2 weeks might actually be....true?
But of course that means nothing compared with the greed of the universities for $$$$$$$$$$$$$. Or they were staying with someone in Dubai who infected them with the virus just before they returned to Australia.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. how is this is conspiracy theory? is it a conspiracy because google uses the feedback to improve google maps?
जिस दिन अपन 3 Million फॉलोअर हो गए उस दिन 3 लोगों का रोजगार तय

एक आदमी, जरूरी मैसेज पर त्वरित उत्तर देगा, जरूरी एक्शन लेगा, ट्वीट-फोन से विभाग को भेजेगा

दूसरा आदमी, FB की सेवा में

तीसरा आदमी, आम लोगों के ट्वीट स्कैन करेगा, पता लगाएगा कि आज के अहम मुद्दे क्या है जिस पर बात हो. @USER हमको भी मौका दीजिए.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. That shit is magic. Clears you right up!
Could be worse mate, my pal just moved to Chelmsford and ordered pizza hut from deliveroo his first night.
He didn't realise the Pizza Hut was literally under his flat and got a terribly judgmental look from his delivery rider. I used to always order food when hungover from the closest take-away (of which it's literally on the road behind my house) and thought they'd just walk it round.  
Did take me a while to realise they seem to have a LOT of drivers and it always takes them fucking ages.
They always drove it too. Because they're not actually from the takeaway, it's just "crowd sourced" delivery.
What SONG did YOU listen to TODAY? @USER If I could Turn Back Time by @cher.
That Fidel Castro is Justin Trudeau's father.
I highly recommend looking into this because it's so interesting. There are a bunch of photos of his mom with Fidel Castro around and slightly before she would have gotten pregnant. Also his mom and dad are both very white, and for some reason (and I know this is weird but) Justin has brown nipples, which isn't a very common trait in white people.
Edit: I know that there are white people with brown nipples but it's notable just because his parents don't have brown nipples. Well, I just googled "white people nipple colour", so there's that.
So Mahua Moitra was the one who said this? Can anyone confirm this? I have seen this quote floating around on FB, Twitter, WhatsApp for weeks. Some of my friends shared this with me a month ago. This was on her story, probably Insta.
What course is this? Applied Psychology and Social Studies.
The wind is fucking off, the problem is that it's fucking off very quickly, which makes it very windy. Technically the wind doesn't fuck off, it fucks in, from high pressure areas to low pressure areas.
Would it have hurt him much to just say this in October? He has managed to Streisand effect something that not many people would have given a shit about. He needs a distraction from sports rorts based on senate estimates last night.
Have sex with all the girls, lesbians know their way around better anyway. MOOD, being Gay or Bi would ultimately destroy the premise of this.
Sorry if awkward, but does anyone else here masturbate to their classmates ? OkayJanu, for sure.
Lift weights, listen to Jordan Peterson. I suppose joining the cult of disenfranchised white males could possibly make you friends, just not the sort of friends any normal human would want.
Take the packing to back shelf if you don’t have lightening packing game.
Load the heavy stuff onto the conveyor first, lay out big bags in the trolley. Go go go. Tactical veg in the middle to slow them down.
Like why? We get it, coronavirus is serious, but you don't need like 20 packets of toilet rolls?? Wechat + 3x mark up?
Mosquitos take over the planet. Yep. Exactly what I was gonna say. Insect chaos .
Hu toh Bayern fan but El Clasico me Real Madrid ki gand lgte dekh maza ata he.
Too bad TV pe nhi aega ye saal La Liga.
Too tired for Facebook Live or stream. Real won.
@USER There was plans, they've been bumped for the fire ? ?? @USER Don't blame ya. Tis miserable out!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Is Sally still on the Gravy Bus? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER She’s on something, that’s for sure ????
@USER  @USER But have you learned anything from a post grad mature age student from the University of Western Sydney? @USER  @USER With a class three honours but a PhD assessed via interpretive dance.
C'mon man. Making an absurd statement and following it up with,"What would you do?" or "How fucked are you?" is the weakest form of r/AskReddit post.
You're capable of better. You are a higher level of intellectual ability, I wish all posts were by people like you.
So sick of ass posts on almost every sub now a days.
I always believed that Partitioned shouldn’t have happened and we should have been all living in one unified india. I am a Pakistani living in Los Angeles and have a lot of Indian friends. 
Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan. It would have been quite hard for a party like bjp to ever come to power... If we were united.... Problem is Muslims have no majority state they are fragmented across the subcontinent had there been states like Muslim dominated east bengal Sindh punjab and kashmir... Not sure if Balouch would have joined this shit would have never happened.... Altho our democracy should have made sure that this should have never been a case but well nothing is perfect and sadly it has come to this...
LADZ! I just watched ‘House of Gucci,’ - I know you all loved it…. but lord! It is NOT good. @USER Haven’t seen it but out of curiosity I want to lol.
@USER  @USER Thank you. I'll block him. Have a good day. T x. @USER  @USER My pleasure Trudi, hope your day is kind to you xx.
@USER gm! ?? @USER GB (good BRRRR) to you ser ??
@USER  @USER I’m so glad you got away Miss Taylor and it ended well. You’re story is an inspiration to women all over the country and they need to hear it ? Plus you’re my favorite on 1010xl. ☺️. @USER  @USER Awe well thank you!! I really appreciate that!! ♥️.
Sikhs Never remain Behind in helping ,be it Kashmiris or Muslims.
Kashmiri People outside Kashmir consider themselves safe if they are in PUNJAB.. Who told you.. Punjabis are Muslim haters too. Their religious gurus were tortured by Mughal emperor. Punjab suffered a lot during partition. They are also good at advertising themselves. He must be a good old noble man but every Sikh is not like that.
@USER Our older sibling barely got off the sofa to say hello to the returning gaeilgeoir. @USER  @USER Great cake.
@USER Tom Baker. @USER Good shout. He’s in.
Do you think Saudi Arabia is our ally?

YES or NO? @USER No.
I don’t masturbate. My seed spills only into your mother. Well isn’t that a nice way to phrase it.
Many interesting things in this map.


Surprising to see Spain and Italy having better life expectancy than Germany and US. 


Chile and Iran performance looks amazing when you take into account the performance of its neighbours. 


Given its GDP, unexpected to see south Africa doing so bad :(


Japan is incredible. Doesn't South Africa have a high HIV population.
@USER Nope! Retraining at 39. All the best! @USER Thank you so much ?
I'm American. I would definitely go running out there and confront him one morning. Sometimes it makes it worse but sometimes it ends it. It makes you look kind of crazy but that can work to your advantage. I'm in one of those places where I might end up with a brick through my window, you know, England.
@USER It is bewildering that they think they are invincible and don’t believe in the injuries…until it happens to them.

A game of Russian Roulette. @USER It is odd when the penny appears to drop that the jab may be harmful that they don’t reflect on the fact that they themselves and their children took the shoddy jab based on lies. They should be enraged. It must be a self defence mechanism not to reflect on it too much.
@USER What is Sooner Leesa? @USER What is so frustrating?
@USER Magar ye ho na saka….. @USER  @USER अच्छा ही हुआ l नहीं तो Amitabh would not have survived the Coolie punch...
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Welcome to the club!
I had heard rumblings that the Mars 2020 Rover has a T sensor provided by the UK Space Agency to analyse any potential flora. Nobody at NASA has yet worked out the T stands for Tea. I will donate the grass seed so we can get the dairy herds going for the necessary milk and clotted cream.
Great, now what they gonna use to bash up minorities in? Now that's what I call edgy!
Meet like-minded friends 
Vet and follow anyone that 
gives this tweet a ❤️

Please Retweet. @USER  @USER How come I’ve politely asked you for a boost many times but you ignore me?
So funny! A British guy saying that if Indians protest about a law passed in India by Elected representatives of India then the law must be unjust! The irony! What about the 100s of years of unjust British rule wherein millions of protesting were killed to stop the protesting. Ah yes, because it was this exact person who was ruling India for 100s of years! Totally fair comparison. In fact, I hear that the Germans are all Nazis too. Each with their own tiny moustache to boot. Next thing you'll say is that India still practices the caste system! Oh... wait... maybe that's why you think other Countries and cultures are incapable of evolving?
@USER What does that do to Tesla economy? ? @USER To the moon.
As for Suzanna Reid, well here and waiting ? Oh gosh I absolutely love susanna, I genuinely admire her for her patience with piers sometimes, honestly she must have the patience of a Saint to be on gmb. I'd aspire to be her one day, genuinely.
Pretty sure that’s mine. I dropped one in nsw recently... please pm to return /s. Lol. Nice one.
Leticia James has moved her Press Conference to 11:30am. 

Just FYI. @USER I suspect that Donald Trump's  taxes will finally be released and she will take him to court for tax evasion in the state. His cult still won't believe whatever she says. The rest of us will, though, and that's what matters.
@USER Hi Karan! I am here to help you. I’ve made a note of your concern. Our team will get in touch with you shortly - Priyanshu. @USER Any details you need ?
Joan Collins hired her husband. Seán Sherlock hired his sister. Andrew Doyle hired his sister. Bernard Durkan hired his son. Brendan Griffin hired his wife and his cousin. Alan Farrell hired his wife. Kate O'Connell hired her sister. John McGuinness hired his son. Danny Healy-Rae hired his wife. Michael Healy-Rae hired his son (he had also worked in the role for his father). Martin Heydon hired his sister. Michael Collins hired his brother. Seán Canny hired his wife. Helen Mac Entee hired her aunt and cousin. Catherine Byrne hired her daughter and her niece. Michael Ring hired his daughter.  Sean O Fearghail  hired his daughter. Ciarán Cannon hired his wife. Mattie McGrath hired his daughter and his niece.
I could probably go on, but I think that gives a sense of the level of nepotism in this.
Costello's wife is Hazel Chu, a green party cllr. He could have done the easy thing and hired her on the sly.
TDs doing this will tell you that "they're well qualified for the role", but what is telling is that none of them are willing to run an open competition to see if anyone better qualified will show up. >Costello's wife is Hazel Chu, a green party cllr. He could have done the easy thing and hired her on the sly.
She's going to be mayor in a few months and will be going for TD in future so not really.
So Peter Obi lied to Nigerians when he said "I studied Philosophy".

There is no subject called Philosophy in GCE. @USER No matter how long it takes falsehood to journey truth will prevail and overpass it. Their messiah has gotten to a free slope that may slide him into political obscurity IRE O.
>The laws of mathematics are very commendable, but the only law that applies in Australia is the law of Australia. Sshhh!  They only like quiet Australiens  ( URL ).
51 (!) people with US Gov. security clearances, all prominent, said Hunters lap dance (!) was like Russian Disinformation. Now it comes down to wordplay. Come on guys, 51 isn't American disinformation? Pity the American people who got hoodwinked very very badly. It's the end of the world as we know it. Who said that?
They are not heroes, they are Shiroes..(Sikh heroes). Unneccesary title. 
Heroes is good enough.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER That is a beautifullly preserved old station, I could hardly believe my eyes. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It is Indeed ?
Would love to see your  @USER pls share in the comments ??? @USER  @USER I don’t own any but definitely working on it ?
Rolled jiujitsu against a dude weighing 115kg tonight (I’m around 73kg). Was like trying to sweep a boulder. My attacks didn’t go well, but I survived 2 rounds with the guy, as he tried to figure a way around my (desperate) defence. @USER This is exactly how I ended up with 41 staples in my shoulder.
Queen or Prince? @USER I am a huge fan of queen but I got to go with prince was a once in a generation talent.
Getting lots of questions from users saying I have 5G phone but in network settings not showing 5G options.

Don't worry smartphone OEM need to push out a small network OTA update, checked with few brands some already started rolling other said update roll out by next week. @USER Thank you for clarifying. But surprisingly pixel 6 too not showing 5G?
Judging by the tractors tyres it's not really that deep. Seems like it would be really easy to bottom out. True, but they probably would have been ok but for the waves created by the tractor which caused them to jump and one jetski to lose a part ( probably bottomed out as you mentioned).
Can you hear that?
Listen, really carefully. 
Can you hear it yet? 
“What?” I hear you ask. The sound of your citizenship being revoked. Greggs is a national institution. Which like the lord's should be disposed of.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Bet you’re glad you can now do beer tweets ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER !  @USER nails it again.
Cause car accidents on highways. I like it.
Let businessmen use their minds to paint pictures of success in their businesses, and it shall be so. Let the career person imagine himself at the top echelon of his career, and it will be impossible for him to remain at the bottom. 

That’s how to get God committed. @USER Amen and Amen. I believe and receive I'm the Mighty Name of Lord Jesus Christ.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! How long does it take to get irish citizenship?
US and UK pints are different by about 20% because they are derived from a gallon, which is also different between the two countries.
We have a 4 year old milk addict in the house and we have cereal too so we probably get through 12 UK pints a week, plus the Mrs has soya milk, so maybe 4 UK pints of that too. Thank you for this. May I ask, is a UK pint 20% more or less than a US pint? I’ve never known about this and I want to know more.
The same way baseball and American football works.
Australian Rules, Rugby and Rugby league are three different and separate games, but they are all considered "winter sports" so the season is in our winter. New South Wales and Queensland follow rugby league and the other states follow Aussie rules. 
Cricket is a summer sport so it's played in summer when the footy codes are on their break. Pretty much the entire country follows the cricket. It's not regional based like the footy codes. >Pretty much the entire country follows the cricket
Nope for a long time
There's a reason 20/20 was introduced...
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. It's more likely that they want to create a pandamic in order to crash the stock market, and reap the benefits of it once it all blows over.
Dear  @USER please understand that it’s not allowed to call people who are under DND. Whenever we visit your site, you people are tracking us and we see you calling us. This is not appropriate.  @USER  @USER please take necessary action. Your executive Karishma. Just called while I was on your site and this is shocking that how can you track and trace like this. No more dealing with ICICI Pru henceforth.
@USER Hope you took your own advice? @USER Course!
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. I love Good Food and get most of my recipes from there but I’m yet to find a Curry recipe on there that tastes anything like a takeaway one (even the ones billed as ‘takeaway style’).
You can find many of these recipes on his website but they are quite complicated and I found them a pain to follow on my phone.
DEAR MEDIA: Please devote EQUAL time to Raphael Warnock as you are giving to Herschel Walker. You're giving Walker all the free coverage you gave trump back in 2016. STOP IT.

DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKES. @USER Imagine being this fake.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ✋?
I met my husband on Tinder. We love each other and we are very happy together. That's awesome! Congratulations!
Anyone ever fractured the wrist or surrounding area? If so when cast comes off is it proper weak and need physio? @USER Still banged up mate?? Fuck me I put my foot right in it tapping u on the head in coach when your jaw was done in aswell ??
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. That's literally what the article is about... I guess nobody reads the articles anymore?
@USER Lol I’m Indian… would hate if I got cancelled for my race ☹️. @USER  @USER Imagine that. ??‍♀️.
Legos and marbles on the ground everywhere. Fingers crossed he’s a barefoot killer. Depending on the shoe the LEGO blocks will still penetrate through.
The day im waiting for finally it came .going to write a exam which decides my future need all ur wishes ? @USER All the best bro❤️.
Am I the only one not freaking out about this virus? Sure, I might take more care to wash my hands but I don’t feel the need to go out buying masks, antibacterial wipes or Dettol just yet. I'm not freaked about the virus at all, I'm more concerned about the fact that people are panic buying and everywhere is sold out of all things antibacterial.
And people that just leave milk/ice cream/random meat on random shelves to go off. They should also be part of the roundup for punishment! Biggest annoyance for me when I used to put frozen food out, the amount of products customers dump in the freezer! Should be charged as theft if caught! Waste of food.
Last place in the #LIVGolfBangkok event should def have to go with  @USER to sample some of that extreme local cuisine. ?? #LIVGolf. @USER  @USER That was great to see that - so much more interesting broadcast.
@USER  @USER But will Bill Bailey rock this same show in the snow though? ? @USER  @USER Yes but with harder nipples.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations ? ??  @USER &amp; others. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
Yeah, I'm hoping to by this year in Dublin, by myself, and new homes are a complete non-starter. There is no way I could afford any of them in Dublin. Just be rich, duh.
@USER It will be well. @USER My dear prayer can’t work on Nigeria again.
@USER the umbrella! lmao. @USER Legit downpour.
Avatar: The Last Airbender. Though sometimes it's intentional. Havent seen that show in years, gotta give it a rewatch.
@USER what does that mean? @USER  @USER Have you eaten 

Gujarati language.
Apologies for jumping in, and downvote it all, if you like. I’m not Irish, but seeing as this thing gets global: We have been through bird and swine flu, the pneumonia, and now this. Not to mention Ebola. And here we all are. It’s not like we have a plague on our hands and as far as I know it’s not the Middle Ages. I heart all the people who lost their loved ones. It is a great tragedy. But isn’t it getting a bit out of hand? I dont know the parade is a bit of a plague haha, but I do agree we shouldnt cancel it for covid-19 I dont remember covids 1-18 so they couldnt have been that bad.
Government says it will provide a discount on wholesale gas and electricity prices for all non-domestic customers. @USER  @USER The government is going to get a slap from the Speaker. These things should be announced in Parliament first not to the media. No excuse, the Commons will be sitting in an hour's time.
Now that the dust is settling on Munster staying in Melbourne, can we revisit the fact that the Dolphins, Tigers or ANY other #NRL club were not supposed to be making any offers to Munster (or Anasta as his manager) until 1 November 2022. This whole thing was tampering and reeked of salary cap shenanigans. At no point did the other clubs have the right to talk to a player under contract for another whole season. The system needs reform and strong penalties for these types of actions.
Name and date. By date you mean date of birth?
Did the Muslim community accept the blood money of 5 acres given to them ? They did and they made a hospital, library and a cultural center in it too.
Make love not war.
 URL.
Tough enough. Wales are always handy, this is the best Finnish team ever but I don't know much about Bulgaria. We beat Bulgaria 3-0 a few months back so that's something at least.
@USER It wasn't about her or what she wore. I preferred Princess Anne's attitude. She wore a uniform, including trousers, didn't allow the press to witness a squeezed-out tear, was dignified and dutiful. Nothing about her. She knew she was photographed but didn't play to it. Heroic! @USER Nobody photographed her because she looked "beautiful", but she was admired by millions.
All the metal musicians I know, both locally and abroad are all really chilled non-judgmental types who just want to grind out some hardcore sounds. We expend our rage through music. Try being angry after practicing Reign in Blood on drums for 2 hours.
The theory that there's a cure for cancer out there somewhere. Not a developmental one, but one that has a high success rate, like vaccines for various diseases.  It's probably locked away guarded by heavily armed guards.  Imagine how much money the medical world would lose when an easily accessible cure is put on the market. There's a lot of buzz around these researchers in Cardiff, Wales.UK. 
They stumbled upon a possible cure using T-cells.
Interesting video:
 URL.
@USER ଅନେକ ଅଭିନନ୍ଦନ ଭାଇ ??? @USER ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ ଭାଇ??
Some student ID's don't have an expiration date, so if you didn't have to register for a student leap through  college, you could in theory buy a student ticket forever.
It's in the T&C's for Luas that you need a student leap to have a student ticket that is valid for travel, onus is on you to have a valid ticket for travel.
I'd say An Post will find you no bother.
As an aside, if you are that stuck for food Brother Kevin gives out free food parcels every Wednesday from 9am-11:30am I believe. Nothing fancy, but has all staples. That's a good point about the expiry date.  While my card has a date on it, I hadn't thought about the validity of other student cards. I guess if an post can find me I should suck it up and pay the fine.
Thanks for the tip about brother Kevins.  I'll check it out. I usually budget better than this and am not usually this broke, but a series of misfortunes and injuries left me unable to work for some months, which drained most of my savings. I'm getting back on track now though.
@USER It’s hard not to bite against such arseholes to be fair, but people have to try.

Now Richard Keys is doing it to try and get clicks. The twatty journalist having a pop at Gabriel’s tweet the same recently. Straight from AFTV’s shameless ‘act like c**ts for clicks’ playbook. @USER I block and mute, most of the time it works. 

There’s loads of Arsenal that appear to want to see AFTV, talk ? and Sky only to rant back, it tedious and boring.
@USER  @USER Ця стара хвойда ще жива? @USER  @USER Жива і  вилізла так само, як і папа, і маск та інші. Пішло лайно просто водоспадом.
@USER A party platform other than what they scabbed grom the KKK and Proud Boys. @USER *from.
Ridiculous.
Give them to the crowds and see what comes out. We are a civilised society and mob “justice” is not legitimate form of justice.
Apparently the execution was stayed because the president has not replied to the mercy petition filed by the convicts.
Is there a dignified way to fasten a bodysuit? @USER Dignity is in tact until you give up closing it and just let it flap, imo xx.
Just needs some sausages in it. My family also does a Yorkshire like this but instead of sausages puts the whole roasting joint in the middle (not covered with batter mind you) , the meaty juices infuse the pudding with amazing flavour.
@USER Oh bloody heck! @USER Not ideal.
redtube. Xnxx.
@USER  @USER 
#FlipkartDoglaHai 
Again it happened, the delivery boy is asking me to come for self pickup, no action is taken from the flipkart side. They mark all my issues as resolved.
 @USER 
 @USER 
@hafizsd. @USER  @USER 
#FlipkartDoglaHai 
#flipkartscam 
Going to raise a complaint in the consumer court, please do comment if any one else wants to join with me.
u/VredditDownloader. beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!


Download via  URL 


Downloadable soundless link


Audio only


First link is active for 6 hours. Mention me again if it is down

Info&#32;|&#32;Support&#32;me&#32;❤&#32;|&#32;Github.
I buy UHT milk despite what people say about it, it tastes creamier to me and I probably use 1 litre every 2 weeks. I live on coke zero so other than the rare times I have cereal or a coffee I drink none. I used UHT for years when I lived a long way from a shop.  Never had a problem with it. I used to get through a liter a day in coffees though.
@USER So cool!! @USER If you ever get a chance Australia would love to have you ❤️??
@USER Good Morning Lee. We absolutely do. Hope you have a happy day. ?? @USER Thank you Ron.?
@USER  @USER He is trying a Remake, behna 
Original is #BharatJodoYatra. @USER  @USER  @USER This not a security risk but being in the middle of a flyover in Punjab , surrounded by commandos is?
@USER Class ..As always x. @USER Thank you ??
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER  @USER Yes I support all workers whatever action they believe required to Remove the Tories ASAP.
So close to 9ct. I kept dropping it on the scales hoping somehow it would tip over but it didn't :-(.
The self-perpetuating warming effect we have put in place. Things are thawing, specifically tundras that trap methane and other greenhouse gases. The more they thaw, the more the earth warms, so they will thaw even faster. If humanity's carbon footprint ended entirely right now, the earth would still continue to heat up. This will kill off the ocean phytoplankton and stop 2/3 of all oxygen production on earth. All other oxygen-breathing life larger than a tardigrade will die. All life relying on a food chain based on plankton will die. In all likelihood, very little multicellular life will continue to exist on this planet.
And all that will happen even faster if humanity continues to exist. Calm down Greta, earth will be fine, we won’t be, life will go on.
@USER Sir, as per web tracking, article has been delivered. @USER This document is very important for me in this hardcopy of my Document verification of selected for particular post.
Seems to me that it's probably been spread in the dublin region but most people would not attend the doctor to be diagnosed if it was a minor cold. 
I can't see any real decisive action from the health officials until people start getting seriously ill. That's phase two if the containment fails actually! They prioritize only those who have serious symptoms and let everyone else ride it out.
wind power my arse. so....what you think this is false? Or you prefer burning stuff?
We need a couple more Sydney/Melbourne cities so it doesn't all end up in these two cities. 5 million is already uncomfortable. They could be existing smaller cities or we identify areas that have the capacity to be big cities and build from scratch when mass infrastructure can be built cheaply. 
This takes vision and leadership, which we haven't seen in this country in a while unfortunately. >This takes vision and leadership, which we haven't seen in this country in a while unfortunately.
Even with strong leadership, it is pretty difficult to force this in a capitalist, neoliberal society. People live where jobs are, jobs are created by the market, and the market favours existing big economic hubs. It is much easier said than done to shift our population.
@USER Boo Hoo. @USER Hi Jim.
Javed Akthar is asking why only Shahrukh was singled out and arrested! Its a good point. 
If we are going to arrest every man who raises a threat, there will be scores of people to arrest - starting from Anurag Thakur and Kapil Mishra to local goons. 
If cops were willing to arrest anyone who says anything provocative, no riot would have happened. 
But their balls have shrunken to atomic size.
This whole sequence is unintentionally hilarious.
Edit: Philip Schofield is now describing the challenge she has to do. Is that for real?
Seriously what is a pasta tea bag? You know what they are.
I don’t follow AFL, (as well as soccer or rugby or union or any other ball sport).
I wouldn’t know half the teams in the league. I don’t care who wins or loses. I hate how it takes up half the newspaper on a Monday, and was excited for electronic news- so I can skip past it. 
I wouldn’t recognise a single player, and never watch or listen to a game. Actually I don’t think a sporting game has ever been watched by either myself or my kids in our house. 
We play sport, we are all good at sport and all games but don’t care to watch others play it. I've never watched a football game in my life. Used to play touch footie though.
I like watching tennis.
@USER I stopped smoking Cohibas once the Macassar stopped being made. Also the Comandor is my favorite one but it’s no longer being made. @USER Well sheesh. I guess I may have been correct ony hesitation. Oh well, I'm sure these will be well worth the price.
Wrong step.. Hear me out..
The stupid priest want to create a connection between the cooking and the periods. Periods are OK. Cooking is ok. The portrayal of connection is bad. By organising this, they associated food with periods thereby highlighting the connection. Its the same as we have shit in our stomach too all time and we eat food from mouth. But we never choose to notice this fact bcoz this connection is not that good to think on. The stupid priest won in a way. No priest would tell you to not cook food because you shat that day.
The cynic in me decided to take a peak at Adverts/Donedeal earlier to see if Irish folks were buying up masks/hand sanitiser for profiteering from a public health crisis. 
Price gouging confirmed. Dickheads be dickheads I suppose. Fuck all those people... I work in a pharmacy. We sold out of masks nearly a month ago and out of hand sanitiser last week. People have thrown a freaker every bloody day over it. 
We got extra hand sanitiser in and it's the stuff no one ever buys because it's like €15 cost price. It still sold. People will pay anything.
Are bouncers allowed to search inside your underwear?
Asking for a friend. Very short answer is no. 
Longer answer : can’t be bothered to type it out without context. Did a bouncer actually search your “friends” pants and you want to know if that was ok?
@USER Jesus!   Is he old enough to be working there?!? @USER 19. It was also today that I did the math and realised I could easily be the father of a 19 year old ?? - seriously! Where has the time gone… last time I blinked I was 32.
It would be nice if Republicans could find just one candidate who isn’t a criminal.

Then we could focus on policy disagreements like adults, instead of their various crimes. 

It would also be nice if they had policies. @USER Cruelty is their policy. And hatred.
@USER This looks like an approaching apocalypse ! @USER Now its gone!
Make it legal for the Coastguard lads to be allowed to batter them once they've gotten them ashore. They shouldn't be sent out to get them. Just give them a cheery wave from the shore and get a cup of tea in.
>    classic tv jingles: Hastings Direct, Calgon
As a 50 year old Brit, I can tell you I have no idea what those sound like.
I could tell you what Shake’n’Vac does though. Yeah get them to do the R White's Lemonade jingle..
Communist pretend to be faithful but they are committed to annihilate faith based mindsets  @USER has evil intent just observe his eyes,his pride,his justifications of such evils,always his way,hurtful without care—consequences that we all have been punished hurt.. —&amp; crippled by.This man has no right to call himself a leader of a population of this Vic’t state of Australia  @USER has led 6M souls into debt misrepresented values that are fooled felled &amp; flat lined.
She said hello, we said goodbye. Hol up.
Seeing the rest of the Democrats show Bernie Bros what’s up has been delightful. Bernie is overrated. Warren and even Buttigieg was a better option than him.
Edit: I meant Warren, not Sanders.
There's no hope with dope. Pack it up lads. If it rhymes it must be true.
Said the art mistress to the gardener!! I thought this was funny, showed it to my SO and SO housemates. Non of them got it. Should I just cut my ties with them now. Didn't even now who the black rod is or what a garden entrance could be.
Yes, the Japanese government really fucked that up. Locking everyone on the ship meant far more people caught it. Sure, it ended up being the wrong decision. 
I work in operations and logistics, and I’m involved with accommodation and people living in close quarters. 
Keeping people on the ship was really the only decision that could’ve been made at the time. There would’ve been no scenario in which the government or any other organisation would’ve recommended removing everyone from the ship and placing them quarantine somewhere else. 
It looks bad in hindsight, but the key priority would’ve been to minimise the spread of the virus among the greater population of Japan and Asia, not among the cruise ship passengers themselves. I know that sounds a bit morbid, but it’s accurate and they did mostly contain the virus to the ship itself. 
People also underestimate how hard it would have been to find any other accommodation or grounds that would’ve been a better choice. You’re talking about finding an isolated place, with thousands of individual rooms, already empty, ready to receive, feed, and treat thousands of people - all within a small enough distance from the ship as to not risk the public. It’s almost impossible at short notice.
Eating an apple while suffering through TMJ syndrome… I’m clearly a masochist. @USER My ent said I may have this. I been needing a night guard for some time.
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER C. 12MP
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
What's your favorite kind of sandwich? @USER One that's not stale.
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER Whos going to want to buy when your not willing to sack rodgers and putting in rubbish performances?
5% of that paper will be used to blow noses. Is that all? I though for sure it’d be at least 30%.
My ex has the highest chance of dating me so caught feelings at your own risk. @USER ?? cant stand u.
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q3) C. 12MP ?

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
to all my friends who are going thru it or down bad, it gets better. 

not for me, shit is bonkers out here, you’ll be fine tho. @USER I've never me your Gabe, but I've been a fan of your music for a long time now after hearing about you from Flip, Prozack, Stretch and Design. I genuinely believe tings will get better for you. You made some of the best hip-hop of my formative years. To me you're a legend. ✊.
The book is what got me into reading, [I mean I could read, but was 'too cool' for it as a teen], when I was about 15. 
Saw a program about top 100 books, where actors introducted a book/acted some of it out, and hitchhikers was presented by 
Sanjeev Bhaskar. He acted out some of stuff about the computer giving the "42" answer and I found it hilarious. Read the book, then the next one.......and the other 3 as well. Loved every single page of them. 
Since then, these books have spun me off into reading anything/everything I can get my hands on. So thank you Douglas Adams and Sanjeev for bringing this to my attention some 16+ years ago. > Sanjeev Bhaskar
Huh, I always wondered if it was a deliberate reference:
When talking about The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy for the British Book Awards, Sanjeev Bhaskar stated that he chose 42 as the house number because in the Hitchhiker's series 42 features prominently as the Answer to Life, the Universe, and Everything.
What I found was that Melbourne got as hot as Sydney but it takes longer. E.g. Sydney will be muggy and 35 by 9 am but Melbourne will take until 2 to get there. Still 35 in the end but the day on average was cooler. I’ve actually noticed that too, comparing Brisbane and Melbourne though as my sister in law was down there. If it’s gonna be a hot day in Brisbane, you can tell as soon as you wake up. 
Melbourne also seems to have greater range in the maximums for the weekly forecast. If we have a minor heatwave, you’ll see a few days increasing, a few days super hot then back down. Melbourne seems to sometimes up and down really fast, I saw one day that was going to be like 35 and the next was only getting up to 26.
Area 51. I work @ the krusty crab.
>How when he was looking for partners to play Badminton, most hindu groups didn't take him in but the Muslim guys welcomed him with open arms.
What? That was hilarious!
Is there anything I can say other than “the President rode his bicycle into a tree”? @USER Your President is a Klutz!
The Left's problem is it can only entertain one narrative -  that all Tories are evil Thatcherites who put fiscal parsimony above everything else. They can't get their heads round what Truss is actually doing. @USER I reinforce my thinking by checking Richard Burgons tweets daily.
Clueless.
It doesn’t feel like it here in Tassie... Was going to say; Hobartian's would disagree lol. We had maybe 2 good weeks during Christmas?
Arsenic byproduct of mining. That doesn't seem very fast acting.
Bring on transfer rumours atleast #LFC. @USER Valverde.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Well done on your tour. Thank you for your brilliant gig with us! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It was our absolute pleasure! We Hope to come back again :).
@USER Thought you’d enjoy this @phil_couser. @USER  @USER  @USER Has Kwarteng pinched your nickname?
@USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations! ? @USER  @USER  @USER thanks Lia!! ?
Republican? Actually made me laugh, thank you.
The more you see it, the more you realise that the ordinary citizen thirsts for a more inclusive and humane India. This is why the #BharatJodoayatra is gaining more traction by the day. @USER People those who feel bharat is broken, do #BharatJodoYatra ? . Isn't not Shame on #congressitoolkit and #RG . If it would have led by Proposed presidential candidate or current president makes sense. Let thim.first stick to one constituency for the betterment of locals.
@USER What's the point in winning an election if you then have to appease the Tory voters you wooed? @USER How are you going to win without.
Crown in Perth - unsuitable to hold a casino license
Crown in Melbourne - unsuitable
Crown in Sydney - unsuitable
Star in Sydney - unsuitable
Star in Brisbane - unsuitable

IDK about you, but this feels systemic. @USER They are Australia’s most successful laundromats.
@USER Girl I’ve been trying so hard to find something. @USER I’m trying to work under this attorney I met at a conference. I’ll be home tomorrow so I’m going to pop up at his office next week ???. I’m heavily thinking about taking that bar exam again.
@USER ଅନେକ ଅଭିନନ୍ଦନ ଭାଇ ??? @USER ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ ଭାଇ??
Is there anyone else on twitter today that didn't watch any of the pageantry on the TV. @USER Me and all my family and friends..massive, cultish mournfest.
>The statement must be made in good faith and is a belief that a person of the same religion could reasonably consider to be in accordance with the doctrines, tenets, beliefs or teachings of that religion. This has been dubbed the “phone a friend” clause as the person only needs a single other person to vouch that the belief is part of their shared religion.
Nah, there's no way this could backfire spectacularly. Totally becoming a Satanist if this legislation goes through.
If they took 50 people, including you, and said they were going to shoot one of you at random, would you be scared? No I'd be dead,  I know my luck.
I keep forgetting to put a #Gardening Lol. @USER  @USER Hahaha ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Where the feck have been you been? Just asking ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The last of 2 doz. Still some in  @USER Athy.
@USER The RL bubble scene needs a little bit more than the one of the other esports in my bed. @USER  @USER Unreal dedication to the esport @Gregan.
This is the dickhead that urged more Holocaust education after Anti Semitic attacks last year  URL 
I guess it's all good humour and school boy antics Josh, until it's in your own backyard. Of all people, he should know better to pull his head in. Considering one of his staffers is incredibly anti-Semitic and Scott Morrison's got QAnon nutbags whispering in his ear I'm amazed Frydenberg hasn't realised he's in a shark tank and his bathers are made of chum.
Its not always the father. Yes unfortunately it can be either parent that leaves. Sometimes even both.
@USER U said they re supportive. @USER They're supportive in some things and not in some.
@USER The silent English majority will put them back into power though, as always, gullible bastards.
Scotland out asap. @USER  @USER I really hope and think they are not the majority. Maybe I should take up fishing.
i need them to expand on hob gadling’s storyline and give him flashbacks. i want roaring 20s hob, world war ii hob, flower-power 60s hippie hob, 70s glam rock hob. give me all the hobs. 

#hobgadling #ferdinandkingsley #sandman #thesandman #thesandmannetflix #renewsandman. @USER So you want a spinHob?
It isn’t the same contact per se, it’s just that the Govt agency responsible for myGov sends the messages from a name, and not a registered phone number. This makes impersonating them stupidly easy as you’ve seen.
Further, there’s no real global standards for verified SMS which increases the likelihood of people being phished. While Google has made some in-roads for their customers in select countries, it isn’t rolled out in Australia or other major nations. And Apple just keeps hoping more businesses will use their iMessage for business platform, but their rollout of it is as slow as a wet week. A sensible bit of legislation would be to require all incoming calls and SMS messages to be blackholed if they contain a name of an Australian government agency or any Australian phone number unless the holder of that number or the relevant agency has approved the spoof.
What is most surprising about your favorite NFL team through 2 games? @USER Patriots defense is better than I thought it would be.
Download oyo app.
Search a hotel.
Book it.
I don't know this may work.
OYO app may crash on seeing an Indian with a foreign girlfriend. Do it at your own risk. They told me we can't book a same room.
Not to mention the ID issues.
@USER So terribly sad. @USER There are only ~30,000 Mincéirí in Ireland so every family is struggling with suicide. It’s a desperate situation &amp; we really need to have the British &amp; Irish governments address why kids are choosing not to live because of how settled people are treating Travellers.
We all remember the nursery rhyme. "After the poo or pee has landed, do make sure that you're clean handeeeeaahhhd". Is that the verse that comes after "If you sprinkle / When you tinkle, / Please be sweet / And wipe the seat"?
So close to 9ct. I kept dropping it on the scales hoping somehow it would tip over but it didn't :-(.
@USER Sir I'm UPSC aspirant and i will be give my first attempt in 2024 plz give me some suggestion plz. @USER Kya tumne baat Kiya unse ?
It turns out the community turned it into a rainbow fest as a result
 URL. It did!  I live here and can say that more people were for allowing her (and the Pride center) to march than against it. Entire marching bands left when told to take off their LGBT support stickers.  All the bars and businesses along the parade route had rainbow balloons and support signs.  So did the spectators. It was awesome. Change is slow, but its happening here.   I was very proud of Staten Island on Sunday.  They really pulled together as a community.
Did you lose a fiver yesterday? No he’s the guy who took the muffin.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Family, friends, football, travelling, my dogs.

You know, real tangible things.
Human immune system learns through trial and error. The thing is western world is too fragile for Indian conditions, conditions highly optimal for growth and proliferation of infectious microorganisms (which includes the germs). Also we do not have a cold cycle (at least in the parts southern to regions where it snows) which can wipe out almost all of the infectious microbes. In Europe and America, the immune system of the people is not worked out as much as an Indian's immune system. Half of the year the immune system of western population is chilling owning to the environmental conditions favouring humans over microorganisms. 
The memory of the way to defend the  body from the microorganisms (henceforth microbes) is short lived (for about 30-50 days). Hence as soon as the cold cycle ends and the conditions turn favourable for the microbes and all the memory of the immune system of how to defend itself from the microbe is gone. All the microbes are aliens to the body even though there might not be a significant change in the microbes characteristics. Hence there prevention is best and hence the sanitizers , extreme safety precautions etc are brought about.
In case of India where the environmental situation is highly favourable to the microbes than the humans. We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised. 
Hence we can say that we are inherently stronger than our western counterparts.
If theres any query regarding this please feel free to ask me any questions. I will answer what i know to my fullest. >We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised.
There is a little logic to this, but NOT when confronted by a pandemic! This is a new strain of virus which we have NOT been exposed to before, and we have NOT built up immunity towards. By not washing your hands and sanitizing when such a virus is going around, you are being very irresponsible. 
Not washing hands, sanitizing, and taking precautions will only further spread the virus, and it is people with weak immune systems like the elderly, babies and the ill who are most likely to die from this disease. So you may survive, but you also may spread it to someone else with low immunity who will die. SO PLEASE WASH YOUR HANDS!
We need to build a wall around Leinster. It’s all fun and games now but what if it hit Cork? We can’t take that risk. I agree. It's only in Dublin but am also willing to sacrifice those surrounding counties to keep Cork free.
Never have liked them or Stephen mulhurn. Oh I can't fucking abide him!
So much for sticking up for the little guy, Nick?
Hopefully now people see Xenophon's true colours, and they aren't those of a "sensible centrist," but a cynical opportunist. fuck i hate that guy hope he rots with the rest of them!
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ✋.
If he worked for two days while he was sick then he could have infected plenty of people in Bangalore. (Think of the first case in Germany that was spread by a Chinese worker who visited Germany for a few days and how many cases that resulted in) They need to trace them too and not just the passengers on the bus and the hospital staff.
This tree and this wiki tells us the chinese lady resulted in 12 cases(4 spread directly and 8 indirectly) before the cluster was contained through contact tracing, isolation, quarantine and hospitalization. Bengalurians are fucked.
Pretty telling of the evil of the USSR... Yeah, obviously you get the guns first, then you shoot the Bishops.
@USER  @USER Congratulations Abi, look forward to working with you ?? @USER  @USER Thank you, and likewise!! ?
@USER The splendour walk of shame .. not sure what old man Balenciaga would have thought of this but they’ve embraced street wear big time, so big my youngest son knows the name ? @USER ??
That the las vegas shooting had multiple shooters. There's literally mountains of evidence to support it.
&#x200B;
Also 9/11 was orchestrated. I think most people accept that now on some level, though. That Las Vegas shooting was weird, and it disappeared from the news so fast.
उदास फिरता है,
मोहल्ले में बारिश का पानी,
कश्तीयां बनाने वाले बच्चे
मोबाइल से इश्क कर बैठे।. @USER Right ? sir #sonusoodsuperhero.
@USER Maybe if journalist did there job &amp; stopped giving SF a free run when interviewed there would be no need for dossiers. They are playing the Trump &amp; Boris tune, populist politics. We see in USA &amp; UK two countries that are now a mess. Stop listening to waffle dig deeper. @USER  @USER Oh Comon.. I stopped watching political debates n interviews because they thrashed SF n gave easy rides to the rest..
Can you believe that business support will be delayed and then backdated because of Party recesses.. that few weeks could be the difference for some operators..

All because of Party Conferences.

They should have been cancelled with all the missed Parliamentary days already. @USER Exactly ?
@USER  @USER But have you learned anything from a post grad mature age student from the University of Western Sydney? @USER  @USER With a class three honours but a PhD assessed via interpretive dance.
When people just assume shit without knowing facts and believe it to be true. If I could I'd kill those people. I'm assuming you wouldn't actually kill them.
Can’t wait for T20 World Cup and then Qatar 2022. F*ck October and F*ck the October Heat. ? @USER It's already cold already.
Am I the only one not freaking out about this virus? Sure, I might take more care to wash my hands but I don’t feel the need to go out buying masks, antibacterial wipes or Dettol just yet. I'm not freaked about the virus at all, I'm more concerned about the fact that people are panic buying and everywhere is sold out of all things antibacterial.
Wrong place, try posting over here --->  URL. That post is to point out how un-Australian you are. It's not really suitable.
@USER Does that start tonight? @USER Yerp.
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. There is some logic to this (but zero compassion) because they were often the manual scavengers back in the day. It is sick that manual scavenging is still a reality in India, when the technology to wipe out this profession is readily available. Unfortunately our government would rather pour funds into advertising campaigns to plaster Modi's face all over instead of building proper sanitization and sewage systems that make manual scavenging obsolete. And I believe it is inherently wrong to treat anyone as "lower caste" or "untouchable".
@USER Mine was awful lol Wordle 477 6/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛?
⬛??⬛⬛
?⬛⬛?⬛
??⬛⬛?
??⬛??
????? @USER Is it even a word??
"Once a crim always a crim" 
Unless you're good at footy. Ben Cousins wants a word.
I cannot wait to buy an actual booth.

There's one I'm eyeing up for less than $100, including postage to the UK. But I have to wait until after our wedding. Getting married is expensive! ? @USER So what is the set up and equipment going to be?  Where could I get them?So I could set up my dream booth. Getting help from an experience veteran voice actor would be so helpful. You guys have the most wisdom and advice to be given, it would be an honor to learn from you!
Once again, the smart ass in my local Chinese restaurant put 2 forks in with my takeaway. Listen here dickhead, 2 portions doesn't necessarily mean 2 people. @USER The one without prongs is a knife.
@USER er, if that's a wild fox, that's so abnormal that you should be concerned and cautious.  it may be ill, as in  . . . rabies . . .. @USER No rabies in the uk, fortunately. It looked healthy. They’re just scavengers and came in to have a look round.
The woak hate Arndt because she calls them out on their bullshit and punctures their lies, but especially because Arndt believes in equality for all, not replacing the patriarchy with a matriarchy.
The outrage machine doesn't like it when anyone stops and thinks about why things happen. They just want you to be outraged, because then you are easily manipulated. Arndt wants people to think seriously about teen sexuality, not just pretend it doesn't exist, and about the reasons why men commit murder-suicide. It's not for the LOLs, and its not because All Men Are Evil.
When somebody, man or woman, kills there own children and then themselves, it's not just a random act of evil. It happens for a reason. The outrage machine doesn't want you to think about those reasons, so anyone who challenges the prevailing narrative must be silenced.
Even if you disagree with Arndt's opinions, the fact that there are people who want to suppress her message is a million times worse than anything she said. I out her on the same level as Pauline Hanson. Controversial to get attention with the claim it's what everyone is thinking like a stopped clock she rarely right and should not get the attention she does.
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. I struggle with this as well..... It would be a huge hell of a conspiracy theory.
Loved the first year of the URC.

South African teams have literally changed the game.

Brilliant. @USER Yes agreed @thepaulwilliams, the URC will have a different focus next year and hope the Welsh regions get the support they need from the @WelshRugbyUnion.
@USER It can be some innovative pickup line ? @USER I thought it must be a බයියෙක්? They can't show me?
Wake the fuck up Australia, you're getting robbed. > Wake the fuck up Australia, ~~you're getting~~ you have been robbed.
FTFY.
@USER After years in the community and returning to academics I think many of us (and our trainees) don’t realize what is happening out there. This is a prime example. @USER This is sad to hear ??
@USER #FZS
I am a FZS V3 BS6 bike user and just after one and half year tank panel is got broken. Most of the FZS user are facing same problem. If we go to the service centre, they ask to change the panel. What a worst design for fitting of this tank panel.  1/2. Design should be rigid and trouble free. Very disappointed. People are investing 1.3 lac amount for bike means they expect something good. Whole tank is fitted on just 2 screws??  Look is okay but .... This tank panel is the big fault of the designer. Need solution
@India_Yamaha.
@USER I suffered them years ago, was given an injection of some sort...possibly a steroid (sorry useless info, but it was like 20 years ago ?) They should be able to give you something, they're a balls and exhausting ?‍? @USER Had that and was actually great, but they have come back for a visit. No craic at all.
@USER Floella Benjamin. @USER Definitely.
I've been told from people I know that the supermarket shelves in Sydney are empty of many essentials. Is it true? Does seem to be the case where I am in the mid north-west. Went to Woolworths Marsfield yesterday and they had hardly any canned tuna, absolutely no toilet paper at all. Not too sure on the UHT milk situation though. Plenty of bread and regular milk. Anything hand sanitiser related is a joke, even regular soap is being bought out.
For some reason, it seems like people think that being forcibly cooped up at home for a few weeks will give them an extreme case of the shits. I can understand going to buy a 24 pack if you’re running out, but when you see people loading 5 24 packs of Quilton rolls into the back of their overpriced German SUV, it’s one of those things that makes you go “hmmmmm”.
Election Predictions: Republicans will win the House! Stacey Abrams will lose in Georgia!   Any takers? @USER Yo crazy dude.
@USER bro not ready for this in the morning. @USER Samee im on an empty stomach all nauseous.
@USER  @USER Fantastic! Bravo Des! ? @USER  @USER Clodagh, he got such a surprise. A wonderful day.
Hi, we direct the majority of food / breakfast / look at my plate type posts to r/uk_food these days. 
I’ve removed this one. No problem!
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious. @USER I concur, verbosity doesn’t equate with lucidity, it’s just insufferable pomposity and sententiousness.
He lost the popular vote, he was only elected by 60m votes in a country with 320m people. So he got less than 20% of the "people" to vote for him. Luckily the electoral system is shit so he won. This is a very misleading comment. Trump got 63m votes, but Hillary only got 65m votes. On top of that, not all 320m are eligible for voting, because a large percentage are under 18, non-naturalized  immigrants, or felons.
I agree. RSS and BJP, eat gobar and fuck yourselves. Itna gobar bhara hai dimaag mein inke. Poora brainwash ho chuka hai. I think people should appear for a test based on politcal knowledge when it comes to voting.And I kid you not,only 25% would pass it.
And if something like this would to happen,you'd see a different party in power. For the good.
I don't know how a democracy is supposed to work with so many illiterates and uneducated people in the country...who vote for things like Balakot airstrikes,and sanctions on Kashmir.
This is why Socrates hated democracy with so many illiterates in a country/place.
Just a friendly reminder that 30cr people voted for BJP,which is why theyre in power dictating 130cr+ people.
@USER I've read the Bible, thank you.

Who gave Muhammed permission to do all the things he did?

Raping women is part of Islam, it's not what the Lord God commands or has ever commanded.

But he will judge, sometimes in this life &amp; definitely in the next. Don't you fear God? @USER He noting compared to The Bible, you won't find a single verse of the Quran they orders genocide , rape only in the Bible and who gave these prophet's they permission? If you say God, then it was Jesus who you believe is God.
@USER But have you tried magnesium though? ? @USER (Joke - it doesn’t work either).
All I know nowadays is the team was busted cheating and one of em cried and now he’s advertising stuff on tv... weird a brand would have a cheat selling stuff but eh. So na.  Not into it. Talking about Steve smith?
@USER  @USER I just saw them in MN and they didn't play it :(. @USER  @USER They came to Chicago around Christmas last year and rocked a small venue with it. I just wanna hear it again! How was the show in Minnesota?
I recall a story about Sunil Gavaskar ji doing something similar for a muslim family during riots in Mumbai. He said that they will have to kill him first before they could harm him. Too young to see him play cricket but this is the story I really find amazing. It takes an insane amount of courage to do some thing like this. I remember this story. This was in one of our hindi textbooks and he was mentioned as little master.
As an american dealing with the cheeto, is the Irish president generally well supported? It's easy to be a well liked President in Ireland, as the role is mainly ceremonial. That said, Michael D is particularly well liked. To the point where the entire country refers to him by his first name out of affection. 
The Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar is the one most equivalent to the US president. He's not well liked, and recently lost a general election. They're trying to form a new government as we speak, but basically he and his party were voted out.
@USER It’s hard not to bite against such arseholes to be fair, but people have to try.

Now Richard Keys is doing it to try and get clicks. The twatty journalist having a pop at Gabriel’s tweet the same recently. Straight from AFTV’s shameless ‘act like c**ts for clicks’ playbook. @USER I block and mute, most of the time it works. 

There’s loads of Arsenal that appear to want to see AFTV, talk ? and Sky only to rant back, it tedious and boring.
@USER Oh bloody heck! @USER Not ideal.
Am I the only one who likes to have the tv on while I write, instead of music?? There have to be more of us out there! #amwriting. @USER Either for me.
Sore throat and fever full family ? @USER Please consult doctor ?
Also this week: after chasing a reprint for weeks the printer tells me they never printed it because they couldn’t get the paper!

And I learned of a major printer that is only running machines every 2nd day due to energy costs.

Chaos behind the scenes of publishing these days…. @USER Got a quote for a paperback the other day that was more than the unit cost for same quantity, same book, same printer in hardback 6 months ago (which in turn was about a euro higher per unit than 3 months earlier).
@USER I agree with you but interesting that both my kids (8&amp;7) LOVE the home shirt and suspect that’s more relevant than one 40-something and another 50-something…! @USER  @USER ❤️❤️❤️.
Have to laugh at the Collingwood fans on here who have been talking down Ollie Henry ever since he requested a trade now suddenly complaining that a pick in the mid-20s isn’t enough. @USER I'm a Collingwood supporter but after Buckley sent half a dozen premiership players out the door nothing else amazes me these days! I like Ollie but if he wants to go to Geelong so he can play with his brother SO BE IT! END OF STORY!! KAPUTSKI!!
Man forget my username, I want to know the story behind yours. Once upon a time was taken and I thought this was the next best alternative.
Biryani and icecream for lunch. Sunday done right bois and grills. Day well spent already 
Niice :).
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. That's the one.
@USER People are quick to assume. I'm always smiling, yet people say I'm stuck up.??‍♀️ 

But the key point is, it's someone who doesn't know you personally that said it. Let them keep assuming. Don't let it bother you. It used to bother me. Not anymore. @USER Thank you so much for your kind words?
Today afternoon I plan to boost some accounts. Let me know if you want happy friday ?? @USER I’ll do you one better. I’ll follow you.
It would be nice if Republicans could find just one candidate who isn’t a criminal.

Then we could focus on policy disagreements like adults, instead of their various crimes. 

It would also be nice if they had policies. @USER Cruelty is their policy. And hatred.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 10 minutes.
Where the Dart is always 11 to 14 minutes away, I've spent days of my life waiting there. The 2 minute walk down from main street would always fill me with anxiety as you have a clear view of the platform and any approaching trains that you are about to miss.. Well this fella is out of service. You’d probably reach the platform, see him arriving, breathe a sigh of relief, then shake your fist as he drives by without stopping. 
The last two hours of his shift have him rostered to rattle up and down the tracks, snatching false hope away from people standing in the cold.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Who cares about that inept disrespectful tramp looking non entity offensive party’s supposed leader.

A total embarrassment to Scotland and the SNP just by association. He is playing the SNP for all it’s worth and making them look seriously bad.
>-If you are sick STAY at home
This! FFS. What about people that need to choose between eating and working?
I didn't take the call personally (thankfully) but I heard the recording of a mother who found her 3yr old at the bottom of the pool. Her screams were truly horrific. oh shit. is the baby okay?
One thing to understand is, that this cannot be contained, all analysts are saying that countries can only buy time, while they get prepared. So it will definitely come, it is even spread to US and Canada. 
Also this is not a death sentence, chill and follow best practices. Might not be a death sentence, but to a country of 1.3 billion, if it spreads and people to not listen to health officials, it can cause serious damage that will be very expensive in terms of recovery. 
We all have China as an example, see how much of the businesses are struggling and how much it is impacting the economies. With only 2 cases confirmed in India, the the sentiment if the investments have been affected today.
So I definitely would suggest to chill, but also to be prepared....
Selling 3 Gerry cinnamon tickets face value for tommorro malahide castle #ticketfairy. @USER I may know someone interested. Are the physical tickets or electronic?
We have a guy who lives underneath us who is an asshole with his taxi. He leaves it running at all hours of the day whilst sitting in it, leaves it on the grassy verge which has now turned it into a mud pit, parks it terribly thus blocking half the road and has also blocked my partner's car in before. He also has a hobby of leaving his incredibly vocal dog sitting in the car whilst he does chores in his garden at all hours (the earliest we've had is 6:30, on that occasion we told him to shut up).
Recently someone smashed his window, not a clue who it is and in all honesty don't particularly care bar the fact that he now thinks it's someone in the local area who has a Vendetta against him and it is massively working in our favour. He asked why someone might've done it and we've just rattled off all our grievances with him.
Since then he's been far better and I'm kinda glad it happened? Although I'm also sure he blames us even though we weren't in the city that night. The power and lack of legal responsibility is really enjoyable. So you're saying to smash his window in. Got it. Brb, finding a brick and a trebuchet ready for the morning. Haha.
Even though 1 offender is too many, to put this in perspective: There are over 11,000 police officers in Queensland, 84 officers is less than 1% of officers. If the problem under-reported and actually 10 times worse, that's still only about 7% of the police force. ACAB retards will still think it's the entire police force, the abuse thing is the same as all other shit. Some muslims did some terrorist shit but it doesn't make every muslim a terrorist. Some weebs like the kiddie shit but it doesn't make all weebs pedos. Some cops are cunts but it doesn't make them all cunts. Everytime I see ACAB I instantly picture some filthy bogan living of welfare lol.
Area 51. I work @ the krusty crab.
NOTICE
&nbsp;
SHARMA-JI-KI-LADKI MISSING
This is to inform you that Sharma-ji-ki-ladki working  in catfish.org has been reported missing from December 2019 evening around 7 pm. She is 4'7" tall, medium built. She has a katega scar above the left eyebrow. She was last seen in RDT catfishing innocent boy.  Anyone who sees her or gets any infomation about her is requested to please inform me or sharmaji. u/catwhamen Mera bhi kata tha usne.
Feck off with your PIRA/MI5 propaganda will ya. MI5: Big fans of the IRA.
"Being British and loving your country means that you HAVE to hate all other nations". No, but obnoxiously shouting about it every chance you get is a pretty good indicator.
@USER Trump and GOP puppet master. @USER  @USER Evil desperate delusional little man.
Former supporter, last night: “Joe, you’re a Democrat. Just admit it.”

Me: “I’m not a Democrat.”

Him: “U support Democrats. So u support their policy agenda.”

Me: “I oppose most of their agenda. But this isn’t about policy. It’s about our democracy.”

Him: “You’re a Democrat.”. @USER Is it Friday?
@USER  @USER For what it’s worth, the best way to work a belly off is calorie counting. @USER  @USER It is just some beer, most of the fat has been worked off by running behind Boyzilla who is getting damn fast now!
What's 3/21-4/1? But it's as safe here as it is in the US. March 21 - April 1.
Same thing happened to me. 
I eventually found a stash under the sink. 
So nice to have the windows and doors open today. Just checked under the sink
No luck.
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Gambling - a curse for so many.
CryoEM mates: Has any of you a strong opinion about self-wicking grids? #CryoEM ???? @USER A waste of money and time.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What response did you get from UIDAI? As i am having same issue and i have placed the request and status is Refund in Progress (Dont know why) and i am not able to order again as some error. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER No response.
Anybody want to check /r/unitedkingdom to see if they have a shit fit about this traitorous act. Most Brits I know are fairly sound and if anything are more just uneducated about the not so nice parts of their history. Its them-uns up North that have a hard on for the Monarchy that I would be worried about.
The book is what got me into reading, [I mean I could read, but was 'too cool' for it as a teen], when I was about 15. 
Saw a program about top 100 books, where actors introducted a book/acted some of it out, and hitchhikers was presented by 
Sanjeev Bhaskar. He acted out some of stuff about the computer giving the "42" answer and I found it hilarious. Read the book, then the next one.......and the other 3 as well. Loved every single page of them. 
Since then, these books have spun me off into reading anything/everything I can get my hands on. So thank you Douglas Adams and Sanjeev for bringing this to my attention some 16+ years ago. > Sanjeev Bhaskar
Huh, I always wondered if it was a deliberate reference:
When talking about The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy for the British Book Awards, Sanjeev Bhaskar stated that he chose 42 as the house number because in the Hitchhiker's series 42 features prominently as the Answer to Life, the Universe, and Everything.
If you had to gift me the last thing you purchased, what would I be getting? @USER Purse way too many purses !!!!!!??❤️??????
Good Morning &amp; Merry Christmas Everyone!!! ??
Oops, I mean Happy J6 Hearing Day!!?
✌?❤️⚖️?? @USER Now I don't know how to back to live streaming grrrrrrr! ?
Mulayam empowered backward castes through ballot to reshape Hindi belt politics. His opposition to Ram Mandir movement culminated in firing upon Kar Sewaks yielding big political gains by yoking Muslims to Yadavs. But in the end he let Parivarvaad trump Samajvaad denting SP. @USER Aur RAM MANDIR K waqt  @USER  @USER  yeh donoh kaha the..
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Oh I love picnics #theruffriderz. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hellow, Bunty! #theruffriderz.
@USER I agree with you but interesting that both my kids (8&amp;7) LOVE the home shirt and suspect that’s more relevant than one 40-something and another 50-something…! @USER I admire your honesty in revealing you’re in your 50s.
Ambo - Ambulance 
Divvy/ Divvy van - Police van 
Arvo - Afternoon 
Maccas - McDonald's 
Bonzer - Awesome
Dunny - Toilet 
Brekki/ breaky - Breakfast 
Goon - Cask wine 
Mozzie - Mosquito 
Sanger -  Sandwich 
Snag - Sausage 
Troppo - Crazy 
Don't piss in my pocket and tell me it's raining. Brekky is correct, I think. Breaky should be pronounced Bree-ki or Brake-y.
So freaking frustrating. P. @USER What is Sooner Leesa?
Hoping that bhakts will watch his next flopped film.
No way, bhakts do not spend money on movies, they get everything for free. Bhakts couldn't make their Daddy's movie a superhit.
@USER There was plans, they've been bumped for the fire ? ?? @USER Don't blame ya. Tis miserable out!
Schofield “It was one of the most profound moments of my life” Also Schofield “We did not pass the coffin and were there in a purely professional capacity” ? #ThisMorning. @USER BULLSHIT.
Because she invested her own money to have the place cleaned up and painted. Now the landlord can command more rent from a new tenant. It would be good if there were longer term leases, or the right to extend the lease (perhaps up to 10 years or similar).
I like that people always are worried that Epstein was murdered instead of suicide. What if this was a ploy to cover up that he just escaped or paid his way out of prison? Well considering his cell mate was Nicholas Tartaglione I’m pretty sure Epstein was murdered.
@USER Damn this photography skills? @USER Thaaanks :D.
@USER There’s only one Queen of Ireland.

Our Lady of Knock. @USER  @USER No , Jean Byrne ( former weather presenter).
Ive got respect for that, I can do canwick and lindum hill but not steep. Well played. Steeps not even the worst of it, try Motherby Hill. Ouch.
I wonder if video discs will make a come back. Maybe even Mini Discs will make a comeback, I still have my Sony player and tons of discs. But this Audiphool thing has got out of hand recently. Reel to reel tapes and anything old like nakamichi goes for thousands of dollars. If you have any of those 8 track  tapes man they are worth a fortune if original.
BREAKING REPORT: Marine Recruit, Private First Class Javier Pong – [18 YEARS-OLD] – Dies After Collapsing During a Training Exercise at Camp Pendleton... @USER  @USER Prayers for the family ?❤️?  #RIP.
मर्द के शब्द झूठे हो सकते हैं मगर आसूं कभी नहीं.. @USER Aap shi bole.
@USER Nope! Retraining at 39. All the best! @USER Thank you so much ?
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. That's literally what the article is about... I guess nobody reads the articles anymore?
@USER Lol I’m Indian… would hate if I got cancelled for my race ☹️. @USER  @USER Imagine that. ??‍♀️.
There is something off with the restaurant Arby’s. Do you personally know anyone who eats there? Yes.  They have the meats.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu कहते हैं शरीर की मृत्यु यह तुम्हारी मृत्यु नहीं, शरीर के जाते हुए भी तुम इतने के इतने ही पूर्ण हो । #Bapuji #AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
@USER  @USER Thought the exact same a few weeks ago arriving into it. Dublin Airport is a proper kip on the arrivals side. @USER  @USER  @USER Kip on all sides.
Is it because I'm not British (though I've lived in the UK since arriving from Ireland as a young child) that I can't relate to this mass 'grief' around the death of the Queen? @USER Nah, it's very silly. Mixture of Disney and Eton.
That's good. Much better to be over prepared in these cases. Why do you think this is over prepared?
I can’t emphasise enough the importance to NOT oversize yr positions in a bear mkt. You NEED to risk manage yr book all the time. Classic investors get whacked in high vol environments. You need to trade. Otherwise stay cash! @USER Thanks for the reminder Christian.
Who do you think should sing the next #JamesBond  @USER title song? @USER  @USER Was there ever any truth to the rumour that if Amy Winehouse had gotten clean and sober for a year, Eon were prepared to give her a crack at a Bond song?
But they're not in power. Don't we how it could be any worse with sinn fein in power but hopefully we see soon.
Look at all those chickens. We are.
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. There have long been documented cases (with evidence) that these courses are just what you claim, a cash grab by the organization that is singing you off. You are not crazy, the course is complete bullshit as you have discovered.   
Unfortunately it's easier to just get through it than to try to kick up a stink. I know from experience.
@USER With mom's Bonneville in the garage... @USER I hope it’s a black SSEi.
I think it’s better to use Skype when travelling abroad. You have no idea what OP os talking about. Do you?
Spruce trees do fuck all to soak up carbon. That's why their claim that they had planted hundreds of thousands of trees for the environment was bullshit.... it's just for logging. 
Native trees suck it in like a chain smoker. We need more of those. Can you post some sources for that?
There’s a sort of mini documentary on YouTube about him. I feel bad for the guy, not sure he likes the fame. Before, these people would have their 15 minutes of fame, maybe appear in a few magazines and TV programmes, then promptly be forgotten about.   
Now these videos hang around forever and are constantly linked to and referenced, so that 15 minutes of fame is extended in perpetuity.   
Good if you're famous for something admirable. Not so good if you're basically being laughed at by everyone.
@USER I'm happy for you. Congratulations!!! I hope you will reach more people because you're awesome. @USER Thank you so much ? ?
Maintain eye contact and keep going. “Smile and wave boys”.
Buntoley invites you to the wedding celebration


            of his Tai and soon-to-be Tau



        Hugri Alexabot  ?and  ? commode

? This joyful outdoor ceremony will be held on?
                  Saturday,4/20

          at 6:09 o'clock in the evening



        Sulabh complex , Haryana


     Reception will immediately follow
   Please RSVP by today on given number

    (Nau do gol gol tera du du gol gol). Bunty where is Bunty father, mother, ancestor.
Coronavirus: Dublin school to close for two weeks as student has Covid-19
Closure ordered after student identified as first case in Republic
A scientist works at a laboratory in Israel trying  to produce a vaccine against  Covid-19. Photograph:  Jalaa Marey/AFP/Getty
Paul Cullen Health Editor
Updated: 2 minutes ago
A Dublin school with 400 pupils is to close for two weeks after one of its students was confirmed as having the coronavirus.
The teenager, who is the first person in the Republic to test positive for the virus, became ill in recent days after returning from Italy and is in isolation in Dublin hospital.
Public health officials have ordered the closure of the school in order to minimise the risk of person-to-person transmission of the disease.
The decision was announced by the National Public Health Emergency Team on Sunday evening.
The team announced the first confirmed case of the virus in the Republic of Ireland on Saturday night. Another case was confirmed in a patient in Northern Ireland earlier this week. That woman had also travelled from Italy and passed through Dublin airport. The Dublin-Belfast train was later sanitised as a precautionary measure as it was believed the woman travelled home on it.
Low risk
It is understood the risk to other pupils in the Dublin school is considered low but the closure has been ordered on a precautionary basis. Students are being told to self-isolate at home and to indicate if they start showing any symptoms.
Public health officials plan to maintain daily contact with the students by phone, and will ask them to indicate by text whether they are showing symptoms.
hospital as officials trace contacts
Parents were being informed of the closure on Sunday evening and a helpline for affected people is being set up.
There is no justification for any other schools closing due to concerns over Covit-19, public health officials have advised. No new cases have been confirmed in Ireland today.
The Department of Health released the following statement on Sunday evening:
“Contact Tracing of the confirmed Covid-19 case, in the East of Ireland, has identified and made contact with a secondary school. The principal, staff and parents of pupils of this school have been notified. Following risk assessment, all pupils and teachers are being treated as close contacts of the confirmed case.
The school will close for the duration of the incubation period, which is 14 days.
All pupils and teachers are being asked to restrict their movements until the end of the incubation period and will receive guidance on the meaning of ‘restricted movements’.
Public health doctors will actively follow-up with all students and teachers on a daily basis over the coming 14 days.
Dr Tony Holohan, Chief Medical Officer with the Department of Health, said: “Contact tracing has assessed that close contacts of this patient includes pupils and teachers of a secondary school. Public health doctors are in direct contact with pupils, their parents and the staff involved.
“Patient confidentiality in this case, and in all cases, should be respected. The Department of Health will provide updated information as necessary.”
The Department of Education said: “The Department of Education is available to assist the school in any way necessary. The Departments of Education and Health are in regular contact. The closing of this school was a decision made on public health grounds after risk assessment deemed it appropriate. All other schools will remain open. The Departments will continue to communicate with all schools on this issue.”
Covid-19 is spread through close contact with an infected person’s body fluids (e.g. droplets from coughing or sneezing), or by touching surfaces that an infected person has coughed or sneezed on.
The general public is advised to follow advice from the HSE and the Health Protection Surveillance Centre to protect their health. What’s with all the students traveling to Italy during February. Was the school in Maynooth had a load of students over there as well.
I'm allowed to go for a cig break every 3 hours.
EDIT: On a more serious note, I have free reign to do what I want when it comes to making spreadsheets and experimenting with work. In my last job, it was so restricted I wasn't even allowed to use lookups because they "didn't trust it". This is insanity. Surely anyone who understands the functionality of a lookup in Excel is also smart enough to realise they aren’t the devil incarnate?
I would’ve just used INDEX(MATCH) instead and told them it was safe.
I've 'felt' summers getting longer but couldn't really prove it (or bother to prove it more like it). I know in Brisbane even though we're now in 'Autumn' (ie. late summer), our actual cold period didn't usually start until 1 May (which you could set your watch to). Last few years it started getting really cold in min June. That is AFTER the start of winter. 
All those global warming/climate change deniers can fuck right off. More summer = more energy usage (esp electricity to run aircons) = more coal being burned in coal fired power stations = more carbon in the atmosphere = contributing to climate change = More summer. 
Thats the theory. Oh wait....
(Now I'm going to sit back with popcorn and watch the flaming) :) Happy Monday everyone. Its Autumn and I'm sweating at my desk after the 10 min walk from the bus station. I remember summer 14/15 as being the worst summer I'd experienced for Brisbane/Redlands area. It really did feel like summer kept going til mid May.  I don't know where this summer ranks, but it does feel like the worst one since then as the previous years have felt mild by comparison.
pigeons are surveillance drone placed by the government. I’ve never seen a baby pigeon. They just spawn out of nowhere. How often do you see any kind of baby bird?
Have you ever been roasted by your Bestfriend? @USER Every day.
@USER ??? you're there, Mel! 3lbs is just heavy socks, really.  It's a lot of hard work, bless. May you always be healthy ? @USER It has been hard work but so so worth it.. thank you ? 

Gonna weigh next week- naked. ???
Got wasted Friday, still feeling rough today.
Did by a new bed though Sunday. Super King... now panicking the headboard won't make it up the stairs into the loft conversion. There's plenty of headroom for it to go 'straight up' as long as it pivots around the first point... wondering if I should go back to the shop but all I could maybe do is cancel within the first 24 hours.
Going to be a long day! PIVOT!
Wouldn't it be easier just for council to cover the sign in September and then uncover it in April?
5 minute job twice a year. We all know council would forget and the sign would stay up all yeat.
Event Horizon is pretty wild. Love that film!
जय श्री राम! हे तुमचंच सगळ्यांचं हँडल आहे. म्हणून, तुम्हाला प्रत्येकाला आज मी 25K वेळा मनापासून धन्यवाद देतो. नमन..? @USER Congratulations ?
Is there anything I can say other than “the President rode his bicycle into a tree”? @USER Your boss has a funny name.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER No in the slightest.
The man walked into parliament with a lump of coal and said don't be afraid of this.
Why on earth do people suddenly have this expectation of him turning away from his support of fossil fuels? Funny how coal is our second biggest export but take a lump into parliament and you are a social pariah.
"Look everyone! This is what allows us to be a first world country!"
"Geez Scomo put that thing away. That's disgusting. No-one wants to see that.".
@USER ???????? bravo Calvin, you shook the bushes and some dumb asses fell out ? @USER ??? now that’s funny.
Pyaar ka dusra naam kya hay? @USER Dhoka.
Clam. Stay clammy and call your mammy.
Wow! Maureen Lipman on lbc states “the Queen’s death has United the country including the Corbynistas and people live in the real world”
What a classless comment. @USER Why has a mediocre former actor been asked for a comment?
@USER I had my name shown on the aircon control panel which I didn't know and I told the client to change 
temperature ?now after I checked in, make sure no name shown on anything including luggage name tag before I start to see clients. @USER  @USER That's rude.Surely an invasion of privacy??
Hacking. r/technicallythetruth.
Seeing the rest of the Democrats show Bernie Bros what’s up has been delightful. Bernie is overrated. Warren and even Buttigieg was a better option than him.
Edit: I meant Warren, not Sanders.
Bit ridiculous that a by-election isn't called. Why? The replacements list has been utilised.
Usually in a car with 12 doors, all of which need to be slammed. Number of times that my son is woken by some prick who doesn't even live in our road (claims he is allowed to park there because his mum lives about 200 yards down the road and he has to leave his noisy diesel van there for safety reasons) is beyond belief. I have been out and had this out with him and he now parks outside some other poor saps house.
Online reviews are a problem it's far to easy for people to just shit on companies and create a skewed unfair perspective.
Much of the time it can be defamatory to... The entire review thing needs some proper regulation and rules.. >regulation and rules
All that would do is make people create their own websites/blogs/forums to sidestep the rules. You'd have a tough time enforcing that on a global scale.
Hey patriots can you please retweet and help me get to 4k followers.  I follow all back that follow me.
?? ?? Love all you Patriots
Bless you!!! ???  ?? @USER Followed.
Check yourself if the above information is written on  Canadian official website 
 URL 
If you open the article title and body are contracting each other. 
Edit:.
u/futuoerecutus provided me the url  which has the stated information. 
 URL 
It appears to be genuine. It does state to "Exercise High degree of Caution" in India. However it doesn't tells explicitly the reasons that are there in the article.
Resulting riots in carlow have caused literally dozens of euros in damage. It will take Michael weeks of dole payments to replace the broken window on his 2004 Toyota.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER Spout what you like. It doesn’t take a nuclear scientist to see that Scottish people are much more able, smarter, caring, clever and compassionate. Beats me why anyone would want to be governed by the parcel of rogues that is Westmonster.
We are in Melbourne and nothing has changed at all. Went to Woolies today, no dramas. ??‍♀️. Stores were busier than usual and I did notice some things were low in stock. But nobody going nuts, queues weren't too long. 
We've been buying extra bit-by-bit for a month now and are stocked up. I figured even if the outbreak wasn't going to be a big deal, other people might disagree and clear shelves at some point.
@USER What is the sense of the job DeSantis is doing wrt hurricane recovery?  Does she have an opinion? @USER Honestly, he seems to be doing well there, to her, and even my, perspective. He’s not dumb and decent in a crisis. But, it’s his views and lies that got her.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER FIR without investigation....... @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Complaint has given written application for lodging an  FIR.
Town or county? because I live in Tullow. lad me too.
*poo. Well yeah, I've always spelled it poo as well. I do hear of people writing pooh and I assume it's because they went to a private school or something.
@USER  @USER Go u!
Sleep is what gets me though the day ?
And my dogs ? @USER  @USER I occasionally indulge in nanna naps, too. ?
There are way too many iffy occurrences before, during, and after 9/11. We can safely say the USA govt were incompetent in its prevention at least, and had a knowing hand in it at worse. 
The plane crashing into the towers appears to be doctored. 
All camera footage of the area was confiscated by the govt. Any footage you see online is state sponsored. 
The Air Force bases were ordered to run airline hijacking drills the morning of 9/11 by Dick Cheney (The devil) himself 
Proof that it was a controlled demolition was melted down and erased. 
The third tower, obviously, came down as a result of explosives. 
(I’ve been saving the biggest for last) - one of the alleged pilots of that flew into the towers was found alive and well shortly after and had nothing to do with the events. He’s no where to be found today. 
I hope no one believes in conspiracy theories. They’re just unanswered questions with not enough data to reach a conclusion. 
The troubling thing is, when the data you need comes from the source you suspect of wrong doing then you can either take their word for it, or not trust the data. How, excuse my french, the f r i c c could you actually beleive that 9/11 was faked, there is very conclusive footage, and proof that it was real, and live video of it was recorded on the news, with several witnesses how is it that despite all of that the government could still get away with it? Nobody noticed any fallacies? And why would the government destroy a major financial asset, what motivation do you think they would have for that? The thing about your argument is that it makes no logical sense what so ever, and I guarantee that the person who kamikazed into a building wasn't found perfectly fine afterwards, and the plane crashing into the building looks doctored? What kind of bs is that, you can analyze the footage yourself, or maybe ask a professional to look at it and see it definitely isn't doctored.
I think bhakts are seeing the change in Indian politics and will change sooner than you think. Yes I have seen many bhakts transform. They were just blindly following but some of them are very frustrated inside. They do understand Modis hypocrisy but are too afraid to admit because their own ego comes with it. 
But if one shows clear evidence they can change. I have changed the mind set of my entire family. And it's a big thing because I come from a joint family and two of my family members are in BJP (you can imagine the hate on me ;) 
I'm very happy to say but except two or three most agree with.
If it's anything like Tudors, Vikings, etc that were done in Ardmore, they'll call you at any stage between now and end of filming with maybe 2-3 days notice. Keep it growing. If they need a bearded extra your set, if not shave away and you're set. At least you'll be keeping your options open.
An amazing bloke, his reports from Aleppo should be compulsory listening.
Edit: just bookmarked that episode on BBC Sounds. Brilliant- ill check them out.
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. To be fair. Depending on what they have trademarked if you don’t use it and don’t defend it you lose that trademark.
See McDonald’s loosing the trademark to BigMac in EU.
I going to take a guess and stay this was on strandhill beach, amazing surf beach but fuck me the pull in that water. Could have been around mullaghmore either, think that's a favourite for them when it's stormy.
Someone go to fright fest with me next weekend! It’s Halloween season and I’m trying to do spooky shit bro! @USER Let’s go !
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q3) C. 12MP ?

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
What about this one?  URL. It's not very typical but the sky fell down..
@USER I’ve already got one Diggs, a second one would be pretty amazing. @USER  @USER It'd be fun. But you telling me you wouldn't want two all star pass rushers on the edges?
Political parties should never be tied so closely with religion. BJP should never have been a hindu party . All this bullshit would have never happened. Fuck religion for causing so much hate in this world. You guys missing the point BJP is a party which creates communal violence like this and will gain benefit.
Please tell me you have helmet cam footage! mope :( I'm going to get one after this, its the third or fourth time i've come across something so obviously dangerous and blatant on the bike.
@USER  @USER Getting a bit jealous now.     Lol. @USER  @USER Not too late! Lol. Still tickets for DST. Flights are available! ?
No one in your country sought to abuse Australia publicly yes, but Australians, such as myself, have certainly been on the receiving end of snide remarks and hateful comments about it across the Tasman. 
That being said, that man left Australia with an open mind, to backpack through the subcontinent and was then radicalised backpacking through Europe. He was radicalised by social media, not by fucking Grafton, NSW. Having spent a bit of time in Grafton, it probably didn't help.
know I am definitely not pregnant ??. This is just a gastrointestinal issue. Can you imagine me pregnant at my old after??✍️ Lord help me feel better throughout the journey day.
सभी सबूतों को मद्देनज़र रखते हुए फैसला लिया जाता है कि बॉलीवुड के द्वारा बनाई जाने वाली सभी फिल्मो को बॉयकॉट किया जायेगा, सहमत हैं तो YES लिखकर पुरजोर समर्थन करें..??? @USER #No way ,no hatred please ,who are you to boycott now ?
A lot of people are saying this is good without any real understanding of what's going on here. We shouldn't be so naive as to think that the lower the better because war is bad.
First of all, defence forces aren't just for fighting other militaries. They're responsible for a wide variety of tasks. They're the last line of defence in cases of armed violence. That has a few different meanings, but one of the main ones is terrorism.
Obviously Islamic terrorism has never been a problem here, but Northern Ireland has had more terrorist attacks than any other region in Europe. The defence forces are the main reason why that violence didn't spill across the border. They were posted along the border in strength and had to repel multiple attempts by the IRA to set up on our side of the border.
Also, in times of emergency, be it from extreme weather or pandemics, the defence forces can also be deployed to fulfil a broad range of roles.
They also fill in for emergency services when people such as prison guards or paramedics go on strike.
And lastly, they're generally regarded as among the best peacekeepers in the world. Ireland is a country that punches above our weight in terms of soft power and our commitment to peacekeeping is a huge part of that. The value of the soft power from peacekeeping vastly outweighs its costs.
These are all essential services that we all take for granted. However, with expenditure at 0.3% of GDP, the defence forces are critically underfunded, which has left them in a crisis. Members are not getting fair pay and they're struggling to carry out their duties. With extreme weather and covid19 on our doorstep, we may find that the defence forces are not in the position to fulfil their emergency roles.
We can still have among the lowest expenditure in the EU and increase funding to ease all of these problems. Nobody gives a fuck about Irish peacekeeping except for our local military fetishists. If your only argument for Ireland having an army is that they can back up front line civil services in an emergency then its already over. Just expand the civil defence and let the guards deal with the IRA as they have done fairly successfully since the beginning of the state.
The only real reason to have an army is to wage war, and ireland would need at least 20 times the current army to survive a determined invasion by any realistic OPFOR for more than a few days, so why bother? A standing army in Ireland just makes it easier for the (non-existant) invasion force to kill our men. 
&#x200B;
Do an Iceland and get rid of it all I'd say, keep a few tanks and guns around for the children and the re-eanctors to ooh and ah over.
@USER Hi Phil, sorry to hear that, unfortunately, this is due to the overhead wires being damaged. - Pete. @USER No worries. It's not your fault at all, and clear announcements, just frustrating.
@USER Jesus!   Is he old enough to be working there?!? @USER 19. It was also today that I did the math and realised I could easily be the father of a 19 year old ?? - seriously! Where has the time gone… last time I blinked I was 32.
@USER Could be worse. I have a friend that wears flipflops in snow. @USER Haha!  You’ve never seen my barefoot snow adventures?
The cow lovers sprinkle cow piss. How do communists 'purify' a place? By killing the bourgeoisie either financially or even literally.
If you think how Italy went from under 10 confirmed cases up to over 1700 confirmed cases in the space of 10 days its probably not ridiculous of anyone on this sub to atleast buy the essentials needed in a practical sense. Buying products that have no expiry date and can be used regardless of the eventualities of this virus.
My list
Gas for cooking. 
Cooking oil
Toilet roll. 
Bottled water or one of those purifier yokes to improve the tap water. 
Any medicine needed/ask doctor for a few scripts
Hand sanitiser
Any foodstuff you like to eat with a long expiry date, not fucking bread or milk. You realize that it didn't spread from 10 to 1700 in 10 days right? That's just how much testing they did in 10 days.
Man dresses appropriately for cold weather and is  silently harangued by idiot who has by some freak occurrence not yet won a Darwin award. ? Man hasn’t got the hang of the concept of taking off his coat if he’s a bit too warm.
Hotspot from your phone. Immensely easier. This is the correct answer. If you can’t afford the data to do this, then perhaps it’s time to reevaluate your addiction.
I love having sex in public areas. The risk of getting caught makes it so much fun. Your favorite so far?
Irrigation scam has put this guy on BJP leash. Dafq? He is deputy CM
He was given clean chit by BJP
Who is on whose leash again?
there are 120 acres of land in front of my house and ive been told i can do whatever i want when its mine, but no forestry, funny considering the farm made no money last year. My mum told me that the farm made a profit one year. Just one. Dad immediately went and bought more cattle and was back to the usual loss the next year.
These linked post jokes are getting old. Enjoy a down vote PAL.
Ambo - Ambulance 
Divvy/ Divvy van - Police van 
Arvo - Afternoon 
Maccas - McDonald's 
Bonzer - Awesome
Dunny - Toilet 
Brekki/ breaky - Breakfast 
Goon - Cask wine 
Mozzie - Mosquito 
Sanger -  Sandwich 
Snag - Sausage 
Troppo - Crazy 
Don't piss in my pocket and tell me it's raining. Brekky is correct, I think. Breaky should be pronounced Bree-ki or Brake-y.
Kids that wear band shirts but don't actually support that band....I'm looking at you dumb emo kids in the Misfits shirts. I’m definitely a part of the younger metalhead community and I do have some shirt from my favorite bands but I really support them. I went to a Slipknot concert 3 days ago actually, but I do understand what you mean.
Please say a prayer for me for I feel very alone tonight. @USER Jesus is with you.
Never realised how much I touch my face til they told me not to. I can't stop doing it! I keep touching my lips. Constantly. I don't know if I have always done this.
And people that just leave milk/ice cream/random meat on random shelves to go off. They should also be part of the roundup for punishment! What kind of punishment? Death, or just re-education?
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. Exactly.
Retweet this if you think the NFL should suspend Brett Favre for his role in the Mississippi welfare scandal!!! @USER yeah you’re a ho.
Sad how many young people still choose to follow regressive practices. In UP,what else do they have? no job,no empathy,no love.
Can I ask and I apologise as it's a bit deep for a Saturday eve, but does humour help with your mental health, it has helped me over the past few years thats why I ask.... @USER I think so. And conversation.
Why. Because it’s outstanding at low temperatures! Since it’s -14 here today, it should perform incredibly well.
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. More evidence the  LNP are sociopaths.
@USER That's heartbreaking. I think he's very handsome, and I'd definitely hang out with him if I were his age. @USER He’s adorable &amp; super friendly. I’m glad he’s my best bud.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 50.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. That's the one.
The photo on the Bank of Scotland note is giving me strong“Unsolved Mysteries” vibes, so that’s my favourite.
Unfortunately I’d probably struggle to spend it anywhere local. Aye same is the case with me.
The woak hate Arndt because she calls them out on their bullshit and punctures their lies, but especially because Arndt believes in equality for all, not replacing the patriarchy with a matriarchy.
The outrage machine doesn't like it when anyone stops and thinks about why things happen. They just want you to be outraged, because then you are easily manipulated. Arndt wants people to think seriously about teen sexuality, not just pretend it doesn't exist, and about the reasons why men commit murder-suicide. It's not for the LOLs, and its not because All Men Are Evil.
When somebody, man or woman, kills there own children and then themselves, it's not just a random act of evil. It happens for a reason. The outrage machine doesn't want you to think about those reasons, so anyone who challenges the prevailing narrative must be silenced.
Even if you disagree with Arndt's opinions, the fact that there are people who want to suppress her message is a million times worse than anything she said. I out her on the same level as Pauline Hanson. Controversial to get attention with the claim it's what everyone is thinking like a stopped clock she rarely right and should not get the attention she does.
Fidel Castro being Canadian PM Justin Trudeau's father.
The resemblance really is uncanny (he looks nothing like his supposed biological father) and when you see that the dates his mom was staying with the Castros in Cuba, everything really does line up.  She also had numerous affairs rumors with people like Mick Jagger while she was married.  She really had a history of getting around and partying at places like Studio 54, etc. Apparently the timelines don't match at all. His mother didn't meet him until after Trudeau was born. The rebuttal I saw also had pictures of young Pierre Trudeau to Justin Trudeau and they're similar.
No surprises. BJP wants power at any cost. They don't mind even if country get burned. All the electoral money at play!
jaysus please don’t trap me here. Sorry, you’ve been infected, we must contain the spread of Carlowism as effectively as possible lest we all catch cases of mediocre GAA teams. A hit team is hunting down Saoirse Ronan as wee speak.
Or hand sanitizers on amazon sells for £14, LITTLE FUCKING BOTTLES. If you fancy making your own it's relatively cheap and easy. All the ingredients are cheap and in stock in eBay and Amazon.
I've ordered enough to make a litre + and bottles to put it in for around £30.
WHO Recipe:  URL.
Are you still in touch with people you went to school with? @USER I moved to another country so social media is a family and life moments sharing love fest and I thoroughly enjoy it.
Drake. His music doesnt seem so good in my opinion. It is just bland and the same.
no one looks good in traditionals lets just say it together... Mai yeh sounch kar tweet kiya koi traditional Dress batate ga?
SERIOUS QUESTION: Do you know anyone who is fully vaccinated, boosted, and never got COVID? @USER I am one of those. Exercised every precaution and am covid free along with my family. I was also covid free when i was only vaccinated with first dose. Cheers!
@USER May I ask what exactly it is ? @USER  @USER Hot buttered crumpets ?
I've 'felt' summers getting longer but couldn't really prove it (or bother to prove it more like it). I know in Brisbane even though we're now in 'Autumn' (ie. late summer), our actual cold period didn't usually start until 1 May (which you could set your watch to). Last few years it started getting really cold in min June. That is AFTER the start of winter. 
All those global warming/climate change deniers can fuck right off. More summer = more energy usage (esp electricity to run aircons) = more coal being burned in coal fired power stations = more carbon in the atmosphere = contributing to climate change = More summer. 
Thats the theory. Oh wait....
(Now I'm going to sit back with popcorn and watch the flaming) :) Happy Monday everyone. Its Autumn and I'm sweating at my desk after the 10 min walk from the bus station. I remember summer 14/15 as being the worst summer I'd experienced for Brisbane/Redlands area. It really did feel like summer kept going til mid May.  I don't know where this summer ranks, but it does feel like the worst one since then as the previous years have felt mild by comparison.
It's the end of the world as we know it. Who said that? 51 jerks needs a new word: sabastooge! Sabtogeing the public by the unelected deep staters.
#SportsCity #Sengipatti_Thanjavur

?If Our Govt Will Announce Sports City in Sengipatti, Thanjavur District. 

?It Will be a Big Boost 2 Central Region Dt's of TN. 

?Then the Long Neglected Delta Districts get Some Attention. Hope Infra will develop afterwards here in Delta. Transportation Facilities

?Trichy International Airport is Additional Bonanza ! 

? Thanjavur Junction is Just 24kms only !!

?TN's 2nd Biggest Rail Hub Trichy Junction is Jus 39km

?Budalur Railway Station in Thanjavur dt is Jus 10km

? Upcoming Thanjavur Airport.
@USER I would only add Buffalo Mozzarella and / or Burrata. (Who am I kidding, I mean both). Tomatoes… grilled peaches… the stuff of dreams. @USER Fresh mint, proper peppers and melons, the list is long ?
If you could pick your FAVOURITE thing from ANY #SQLBits event, what would you choose?

????☕️? @USER That time, when a huge curtain reveal the whole fun fair at SQL Bits Party Telford.
@USER ???⚡️Tough Gig for the Aussies! Great turn up Kiwis ⚡️? @USER Love to see it!
Good Morning &amp; Merry Christmas Everyone!!! ??
Oops, I mean Happy J6 Hearing Day!!?
✌?❤️⚖️?? @USER I spend Thursdays with a couple of grandkids. I need to set my record divice. I have a bullshit xfinity system and I'm struggling with how to do it but I will persist... although grudgingly. We switched to save money. It streams everything ?. I'm not sure about it.
Mera koi dost nhi hai yaha? @USER I m here.
@USER It’s very worrying. @USER Very very worrying. Hard decisions coming soon. Very sad.
NO fun on MY subreddit. One of us has to be the miserable bastard.
Half way through our Louvre visit and having a bite to eat at a cafe, and there’s a bloke at the next table eating a burger and licking his fingers after every bite - what l wouldn’t do for a big stick right now. @USER You’d think they’re be museum security specifically employed to prevent such nonsense.,.
There are way too many iffy occurrences before, during, and after 9/11. We can safely say the USA govt were incompetent in its prevention at least, and had a knowing hand in it at worse. 
The plane crashing into the towers appears to be doctored. 
All camera footage of the area was confiscated by the govt. Any footage you see online is state sponsored. 
The Air Force bases were ordered to run airline hijacking drills the morning of 9/11 by Dick Cheney (The devil) himself 
Proof that it was a controlled demolition was melted down and erased. 
The third tower, obviously, came down as a result of explosives. 
(I’ve been saving the biggest for last) - one of the alleged pilots of that flew into the towers was found alive and well shortly after and had nothing to do with the events. He’s no where to be found today. 
I hope no one believes in conspiracy theories. They’re just unanswered questions with not enough data to reach a conclusion. 
The troubling thing is, when the data you need comes from the source you suspect of wrong doing then you can either take their word for it, or not trust the data. How, excuse my french, the f r i c c could you actually beleive that 9/11 was faked, there is very conclusive footage, and proof that it was real, and live video of it was recorded on the news, with several witnesses how is it that despite all of that the government could still get away with it? Nobody noticed any fallacies? And why would the government destroy a major financial asset, what motivation do you think they would have for that? The thing about your argument is that it makes no logical sense what so ever, and I guarantee that the person who kamikazed into a building wasn't found perfectly fine afterwards, and the plane crashing into the building looks doctored? What kind of bs is that, you can analyze the footage yourself, or maybe ask a professional to look at it and see it definitely isn't doctored.
Jawahar lal Nehru, without any doubt. XD.
@USER Good win against a very average Wexford team. Subs &amp; fitness were the difference. FB line quite poor though. Wexford denied a stone wall penalty at the end. Both Clare midfield taken off too. Won't be good enough in the semi. @USER  @USER Twas no penalty! Watch replay u see at least 2 clare backs ar there.
@USER  @USER Thank you. I'll block him. Have a good day. T x. @USER  @USER My pleasure Trudi, hope your day is kind to you xx.
@USER Why does Monica look like she could have joined B*witched? @USER Some people say I look like me dad.
Ronan Farrow is obviously Frank Sinatra's kid and not Woody Allen's. 
See for yourself. Yup.  That's not Woody's DNA at all.
The whole point of secularism and humanitarianism is that religion does not define our morality. Saying someone is not a real Hindu is like saying that a good hindu's morality comes from the correct "practice" of Hinduism. But anyone from any religion can say that about literally any moral stance. If good hindu's are humanitarian and bad Hindus are violent because they're bad Hindus then where does that put atheists? That's not my point at all. Hinduism, like most religions is a set of ideologies. And those ideologies do not promote the kind of hate and violence being perpetuated in our country now. Thus, people who do perpetuate said hate and violence in our country calling themselves hindu for doing so are in fact, not.
Many Irish Americans who care about parades are still card carrying Catholics. So yeah.
Are the super Catholic old schoolers in Ireland also lgbtq+ allies? Or do they also go with what the Church says?
Or have even the old school over 50+ folks turned away from the Church at this point? Most catholics I know in Ireland have a brain and are compassionate & accepting towards others, unlike in America where they just use religion to hide their hate.
From the restaurants who tell you we'll need the table back in 1.5 hours when you book and are being seated
Like that's in my control. This reminds me of the weekend in London. A pre theatre meal has a time limit, and the table is time limited. Had to ask three of the four waiters/ managers that dealt with finishing meals (as opposed to wait staff) for the bill.
@USER Great read ?? @USER Thank you mate!
I don't know, I can't even lay down and watch a movie or TV in bed. I usually try with background noise , but it doesn't help.
मोदी जी के बाद प्रधानमन्त्री पद के लिए आपकी अगली पसंद क्या होगी बताएं 

1. योगी आदित्यनाथ       2.❓❓❓❓. @USER श्री नितिन गडकरी जी.
@USER  @USER Or an Irish person stating a fact?
Foster has never knowingly been correct about anything. @USER  @USER  @USER Dame Arlene … hard lol ?
I pass this nearly every day.
Have you seen the one with Greta and Jeremy Clarkson? Omg yes, and the one of the Prince (Philip, Charles?).
read the article!  This place smashed out 80000 cups a year. Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year! This is a good investment. So a cost-benefit analysis actually favours something the liberals have done?
@USER I feel it is hard to find consistency. And the bad thorns are hard to weed out early. @USER I can see that for sure.
Spine chilling visuals of Islamists attacking Hindus in Mominpore, West Bengal  are being reported.

Bikes &amp; Shops of Hindus in Maila Depot, where they celebrated their festival were attacked and vandalised.

Involvement of TMC leaders and their aides is also suspected. ++. @USER It is not that serious. We are use to such in port areas of Kolkata.
Clashes will be resolved in a friendly way.
Two weekends in a row upcoming in Croke Park. What an exciting time to be a  @USER supporter! ?? @USER  @USER We'll be broke with Clare GAA this year! ?
Wild at Heart. This. Used to get a loaf cake and have a slice with a cup of tea. Wasn't old when it was on but it just felt really...nice.
Heading offline soon.  I’ve dosed up on antibiotics for days, &amp; today I got my best relief for awhile.
Legs/feet haven’t blown up any further.
Today has been a good one, by my current level.
Reading your lovely tweets has made it even nicer.
If not back later, then tomorrow.
?? @USER Sounds a little better ?
We are living through the government that our founders warned us about. @USER You mean the corrupt @GOP?
चुनाव आयोग ने उद्धव ठाकरे गुट को आगामी विधानसभा चुनावों के लिए जलती हुई "मशाल" चुनाव चिन्ह आवंटित किया है।पार्टी का नाम होगा "शिवसेना उद्धव बाला साहब ठाकरे" 

महाराष्ट्र के मुख्यमंत्री एकनाथ शिंदे के गुट की पार्टी का नाम "बालासाहेब बालासाहेबआंची शिवसेना" होगा।. @USER Bahut Late ho Gaye Sir, Update karne me.
Pretty sure one bigoted person made that decision and it’s gotten a lot of bad press and the people have reacted badly. 
Be surprised if it’s not all overturned. Why are you downvoting him? He’s right!
1/ Enjoy our Devotional entitled, ‘PRAY MORE’. 2/ Daily Reading: Psalms 49-50; Acts 20:1-16.
Pretty sure that’s mine. I dropped one in nsw recently... please pm to return /s. Lol. Nice one.
Sign the Paris Agreement. Weren’t we apart of that then quit?
@USER Sir, as per web tracking, article has been delivered. @USER This document is very important for me in this hardcopy of my Document verification of selected for particular post.
@USER Beautiful Maureen.Through the dark and sadness must come the light and beauty this is how we heal.? @USER There’s a crack in everything… it’s how the light gets in(Leonard Cohen).
Is it because I'm not British (though I've lived in the UK since arriving from Ireland as a young child) that I can't relate to this mass 'grief' around the death of the Queen? @USER No

It is because you are rational.
How much are people using? I use it for work, after each shift. Have this massive bottle, used basically none of it and been using it for months. Are they washing their whole bodies with it? 100% these will show up for sale on fb marketplace and gumtree soon with killer markups.
@USER Good morning Lee. @USER Hi Peggy. Happy Thursday❤.
Been wondering about this as well. I am skeptical about any explanation that gives credit to our "robust border checks and systems" - those do not exist.
Looking at the list of countries affected, you will see that the rich and developed countries are at the top, and the poor and underdeveloped countries are reporting less than 10 cases. It almost looks like an Olympics medal tally table.
Either we are not identifying the cases, or maybe we our bodies have better immunity because of constant exposure to filth and diseases. >robust border checks and systems
At Mumbai international airport, arrivals from SEA countries: Temperature reading, and that was that.
There should be a gaeltacht slasher movie that functions exactly like an American summer camp slasher only it's entirely in Irish. @USER But you can't swear in Irish... ???⚰️☠️?
People think optimizing for impressions means ignoring business goals.

But it really just means ensuring that your content gets seen. @USER Absolutely!
@USER Not one person who I follow that supports Collingwood has talked him down. Not one. Perhaps put another mask on. @USER  @USER Come on Josh.
@USER  @USER Good morning Ms Lee ??☮️? @USER  @USER Happy Thursday ❤.
Hoping that bhakts will watch his next flopped film.
No way, bhakts do not spend money on movies, they get everything for free. Bhakts couldn't make their Daddy's movie a superhit.
It turns out the community turned it into a rainbow fest as a result
 URL. It did!  I live here and can say that more people were for allowing her (and the Pride center) to march than against it. Entire marching bands left when told to take off their LGBT support stickers.  All the bars and businesses along the parade route had rainbow balloons and support signs.  So did the spectators. It was awesome. Change is slow, but its happening here.   I was very proud of Staten Island on Sunday.  They really pulled together as a community.
Fuck the whiny bastards in this thread that have never waited tables and had a manager asking you to do this shit, we know how annoying it is, leave a tip every now and then when the service is good, oh and take your rubbish with you. 
- a waiter. • I was a waitress
• my manager never told me to keep customers waiting for their bill
• I hate it when the waiter doesn’t come back after they’ve cleared the table to ask if we want anything else/the bill.
This reminded me of a story my dad told me when I was younger. My dad and uncles owned an Asian grocery store, one with fruit, veggies and a butcher in the back. One day (some time in the 90's) a guy goes up to the front counter where my aunt was, pulled a knife on her and tells her to give him all the cash. Naturally, she starts screaming at the top of her lungs. So my uncles in the back start running out with giant cleavers. The guy freaks and starts running. My dad was closest to the front of the store, runs out grabbing a durian and hurls it at the guy.
So yeah, don't mess with Asian grocery stores if you don't want to get maimed! Durians kill people in Asia, never walk in a durian area at night as that’s when they fall out of trees when ripe. Also holy shit did your dad throw the durian at him and got him?thay shit would hurt.
Stupid. You can't spell stupid without tape.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nehru stadium was built on Gulkawwana kere. Now the lake has taken back its place. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Exactly my point . Gulkawwana has regained it's lost glory ! Hope they convert it back to what it was . Make it a Paradise in the middle of the city .
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Congrats!
@USER er, if that's a wild fox, that's so abnormal that you should be concerned and cautious.  it may be ill, as in  . . . rabies . . .. @USER No rabies in the uk, fortunately. It looked healthy. They’re just scavengers and came in to have a look round.
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER VERY easy. 
Got it at my local Walgreens the first week it was available.
Craig James killed 5 hookers while he was at SMU. What's SMU and who's Craig James?
Good Lord! Very Good Lord!
How they are still getting people on it is beyond me like there are only so many people in Ireland who would participate, HOW is it not the same people on it the whole time. I never watch it because it's shite, but I'd love to go on it. You're guaranteed to come away with €20,000 just for pressing a few buttons and spinning a wheel.
I think they can get points on their licence for that but if you didn't get the plate your just have to try and forget about and get dry using those hand dryers at work. Yeah I didn’t get their license plate, they weren’t driving slow. Its ok though, karma will do their thing.
Might I suggest a mass boycott of #Insiders this Sunday? @USER You're a bit late I started when Barry Cassidy was still hosting.
Finding Nemo. That shit was scary as fuck. Shat my pants only looking at the title, never scare me like that again man.
Secure? Yeah. Their standards are so low that even social media sites would have disagreed to accept that terms and they can't ask the young people to give up social media just like that, they would shove that RSS flag right up their Asshole. They are shifting you to some other platform. That's why that bitch is bragging about giving up social media on Twitter. The fake call scam in Delhi day before yesterday was part of the plan as well, to get an excuse that fake news is doing damage and all that crap. See that interview about that incident on NDTV where they are coming with some more bullshit law for social media explained by some BJP guy himself. Since you can write this long comment, I am going to assume that you can read as long article as well.
GIMS is not for common citizens. It is for officers and the government. It has been in planning for more than a year now.
Lift weights, listen to Jordan Peterson. I suppose joining the cult of disenfranchised white males could possibly make you friends, just not the sort of friends any normal human would want.
That's damn shitty of Hugo Boss, what on earth with the chaps in the corner shop and the kebab shop call us now? Ma man.
Someone I work with was giddy with excitement, planning their April long weekend holiday, getting ready to take the Friday off as well. I broke it to them that we’re not getting the Monday off. It was a small joy seeing that smug arsehole’s plans decimate in a matter of moments. "Look at this arsehole, so excited to take time off work and enjoy something out of life over these few days, can't wait to fuck him up by letting him know we're stuck at work...despite the assumed public holiday we always got." He might be an arse, but now you're both stuck at work together, you could have been out of each others faces for a Monday.
fuck your zodiac sign what pokémon do you start with. @USER If we talking OG starts, I got my squirtle squad!
Completed 18 years in Journalism today! 

#WorkAnniversary. @USER 18 Years!! Not easy.

Congratulations and Happy 18th Work Anniversary ?
Also were outside it... ....that’s why I posted it.
I got a letter from the NHS this morning,
It included instructions in 28 different languages, that's right 28.
Here's a way to save the NHS money, only treat people who speak the language of the country they live in,. @USER A lot of English people don’t understand or speak proper English, init!?
@USER Thanks for these comments today Tracy. Needed validation after a heavy morning talk fest ? @USER Good to hear ❤️.
@USER Good morning Lee again...I voted early already...all blue since Nixon...everybody please plan your blue vote now..the GQP MagaQ crowd are already promising horrible things if they take power... @USER Awesome.
I received my mail in ballot couple days ago.
What's the boy word for slut? Boyslut.
Ffs.
These posts are utterly deplorable. You have zero right to know anything more than the fact that a case has been identified. You have zero right to know who, where, age, sex, school, place of work, place of residence, nothing, unless the HSE deems it appropriate for you to know, in which case, the HSE or the patient will be in contact with you directly. 
Otherwise, cool your fucking knickers people. Hah, imagine the bedlam if they said it was a Dublin Bus driver.
Most supermarkets are out of sync as the storms messed up supply chains and deliveries. Supermarkets don't have warehouse space to put too much stuff 'in the back', so when 4deliveries arrive at once, it's bonkers. Stuff gotta go somewhere- shopfloor it is. the lady on the till said something similar, I honestly would not be shocked if she had told me a warehouse was closing, just so odd to see what should be a proper laid out supermarket, just looking a total mess, stuff in any random place, with no care at all.
Have to laugh at the Collingwood fans on here who have been talking down Ollie Henry ever since he requested a trade now suddenly complaining that a pick in the mid-20s isn’t enough. @USER I'm a Collingwood supporter but after Buckley sent half a dozen premiership players out the door nothing else amazes me these days! I like Ollie but if he wants to go to Geelong so he can play with his brother SO BE IT! END OF STORY!! KAPUTSKI!!
You don't have to hate someone to break up with them.  Be firm and honest.  This relationship isn't working for you and the two of you are not as good together as you had hoped.  They may think you are being a dick, or they may realize you are right, or they may have been thinking the same thing. you can't control their reaction, just your actions. Good answer thanks!
Have you ever been roasted by your Bestfriend? @USER ??? ,  ??????
I don't know why Honohan has decided to keep the name of the school or the fact it is a child secret. No one is asking for the name of the actual child, just the school. Then he fucks up and let's the fact it's a child slip to journalists himself? The hse can't keep these secrets not only because it's impossible since we'll find out anyway but also and more importantly we have a right to know more details about threats to our families so we can make our own decisons..
For example, I needed to know what school this was last night because if it had been near me I wouldn't have sent my kid  to pre-school today as a precaution. That's my choice given my own families circumstances. But I need accurate info in order to make that choice. And this choice to protect an entire school's "privacy" forced me to find out the name of the school through Reddit last night, not the people who are in charge of managing the crisis. Despite them having it. Exactly. All they are doing is allowing rumours to intensify and distrust in the goverment and health service to grow. How did they think the schools name would not get out? 400 pupils, 800 parents telling there work, neighbours and family. It was all over the internet within 10 mins.
No one was asking for the students/teachers name. But have a right to know what community the virus is circulating in.
@USER You missed  @USER  of the list. @USER  @USER Nah Jim bounces well.
Are they some sort of um, niche club or brothel? That could explain the $50/hr pre-checkin fee!
Samurai sword. How long would it take for it to dull out? I'm sure it would be in heavy use.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#बहुजन_महानायक. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#कांशीरामजी_को_भारतरत्न_मिलना_चाहिए 
#बहुजन_महानायक.
10/12 number 4 & 8 have me stumped. I just got 8, it's easier if you try it in reverse order.
@USER Could you please provide your address so we can follow up with the Environmental Health Team. Thank you. @USER I have sent u a DM.
The summers are becoming unbearable now. I think there were more days over 40 this last summer here in ACT than there were through my entire time in primary school (90s). Anecdotal of course, purely based off my feels and not the readily available data ^^^off ^^^I ^^^go ^^^to ^^^see ^^^if ^^^I'm ^^^right....
EDIT: I'm having a lot of trouble finding whether I'm correct or not. Can anyone point me directly to data for Canberra that will show me days over 40 throughout the 1990s?
When I’m the little spoon ? Elaborate.
Let's Follow Each Other ??? @USER Oky ?
My mom has been beating the ‘you make less money in Germany so you need to move back and earn more’ drum since I landed. She just asked my rent and I think she will stop pestering me now that she heard how much bang for my buck I’m getting. @USER My mom sends me job advertisements from where I grew up as well. Might be less about earning more or less, but about desire to have the kids all closer. Might be the same with your mom.
If you're in a city with time to kill, what's the first thing you do? @USER Walking tour. Ideally a food tour, if there's time.
Are these surgical mask you're talking about or P2 masks?
I do the ordering for our faculty which needs masks and P2 masks are non existent to order, it's a nightmare. We have plenty of surgical masks in stock so I'd hate for those to be hard to get when I re order  them. surgical masks. we have always have our p2 locked away.
YouTube told me to. Lol.
@USER  @USER  @USER Allah razı olsun kardeşim. Rabbim birliğimizi daim eylesin. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Lovely ????
Someone asked me if it’s hygienic to swim with a stoma bag.
I said that a sealed stoma bag stuck to my tummy is probably more hygienic than a bumhole! And I wasn’t meaning to be crude because I’m not like that.
But it saddens me that in 2022 people still think stomas are dirty! @USER Great response!
Honestly it doesn't look that good, it's hard to tell from a single picture but it looks very thin and overdone. Not a popular comment but I'm inclined to agree...
Are they cops? Why are they wearing bibs? That's a police vest.
The conspiracy about the music in pop songs nowadays. They have a kind of ring to them and that's what get children addicted to it. Like I'm the song "Middle", and Justin Bieber's "Sorry". They both have a high pitched sound in the background that I believe is the thing addicting people to the songs. It's supposed to be not farfetched conspiracy theories.
On demand Hyderabad's luxury hostels/pg's/hostels helper.. #Hyderabad

My Charges are below... In note.. 

NOTE : my charge is only ₹999 which is non-refundable and need to be paid before starting the process. If you are OK with it then only WhatsApp or call me on 9000539552. #Hyderabad #SingleOccupancy #doublesharing #womenhostel #menhostels #PGS #payingguest #womenshostel #security #hostel #workingwomenspg #Hyderabad #luxury #hitechcity #madhapur #gachibowli #corporate #Kondapur #mumbai #delhi #noida #bangalore #jaipur #maharashtra #tamilnadu.
Parents of children aged 3-8, is everything in your house broken? @USER Yes, replaced then broken again ?
My tweets aren't very wholesome at the moment and for that I apologise. @USER No need to apologise.
TLDR:  senior positions and management get paid more. And are generally the most useless pricks out there, all talk and no action.
Not many. It's not original enough. Well should I insert a picture of penis or something?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब_जी_अमर_रहे. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब_जी_अमर_रहे 
#मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#बहुजन_महानायक.
How does a truck get blown over but the car doesn't?
Hope the truck driver is alright though. The truck has a higher centre of gravity making it less stable.
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER I do a very good Ruth imitation so if you need a sister the Langmores didn’t know they had…….
@USER Nice of them to let us have the weekend, if they could kick it in just before I get to work that'd be ideal. @USER  @USER Would be nice to know if we can have a sleep-in on Monday. ?
I believe that the U.S government has men in black that make people "disappear" if they know more than what's good for them. r/missing411.
@USER Thank u? @USER Most welcome ??
Dont we all hate Irish rail ? The rest of Ireland hates it. We just don’t have it.
@USER But have you tried magnesium though? ? @USER (Joke - it doesn’t work either).
He's been the fucking the country for a while now and I certainly don't consider it consensual! To be fair - we voted him I'm knowing how much he'd fuck us.  I feel he'd have a pretty good argument there was consent.
The theory that there's a cure for cancer out there somewhere. Not a developmental one, but one that has a high success rate, like vaccines for various diseases.  It's probably locked away guarded by heavily armed guards.  Imagine how much money the medical world would lose when an easily accessible cure is put on the market. Cancer generally happens later in life.  You can charge FAR more for a cure than for a treatment.  Make them pay for a cure, and the next round of people will be aging into cancer soon so that you can sell THEM the cure too...the market is endless, people are temporary.
will any leader take responsibility in delhi? is there nobody left to depend on? 1.3 billion me se ek bhi leader with balls of steel nhi hai sab bhagwan bharose. Arvind Kejriwal is responsible for the compensation and rehabilitation of the riot affected victims.
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER ?????? Well done , relief.
Did you lose a fiver yesterday? No he’s the guy who took the muffin.
@USER Why is this news! @USER  @USER Not for me. Dislike animal racing &amp; gambling &amp; have no idea who she is.
Curse Zeus for making me a mortal. Damn you Zeus! Damnnnn yooouuu!!!!! ... Every morning.
This shit show will be over in 2024. Shah and Modi will be kicked back to wherever shit hole they came from and their balls will be clipped. And then Yogi Adityanath will come.
@USER ???
The video speak for itself mate. @USER Very true pal ????
I have locked myself out my house lots of times. Its surprisingly easy to break into your own house. Ha. Do you mind if I break into yours then? cos I have to go to the parallel street and go through their house... Victorian terraces with new (locking) plastic windows can be surprisingly secure!
There was no foul there… surely? ?
#MCYvWUN. @USER Pathetic officiating already?
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. It's more likely that they want to create a pandamic in order to crash the stock market, and reap the benefits of it once it all blows over.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 10 to 15 min.
@USER Did they like the chocolate tools? @USER No. They licked them and then put them back ?
It’s the law that since ancient times when a woman becomes a grandmother for the first time, she instantly acquires one of those ceramic hens sat on a nest for the purpose of storing eggs. I keep batteries in ours.... Its our battery hen.
Went grocery shopping at Woolworths today and all the shelves were well stocked. Might depend on your area or could just be Aldi not wanting to pay Sunday rates to restock the shelves. I went to Coles and they had everything except hand sanitizer (panadol was low too). I didn't want it myself but was curious if it was still in stock. I personally think people should keep two weeks of food and water for any emergency at all times but mostly people don't until there's potentially an issue then all go out at once to buy shit. So expect people to start buying up soon.
Hi if someone bought you Chick-fil-A would you eat it or throw it in the garbage? @USER Give it to someone homeless.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER ये हिन्दुत्ववादी नाम मात्र की सरकार है।  हिन्दुओं के हित मे कौन सा काम किया है ??
हमारा देश धर्म प्रधान देश है।  जहां साधु संतों का आदर नहीं, वह देश कैसे वास्तविक तरक्की कर सकता है।
जहाँ चीतों का स्वागत और असमय गायों को मारा जा रहा है, धिक्कार है।.
Tis long riddled. Our local wan was in fookin January. Also, got a nice skirt.
@USER Morning kirsty how are you this morning am ok.enjoy your day. @USER Morning Ian. I’m great thanks hope you are too. Have the best day. Happy Wednesday ?
Every time I come to Alice Springs and visit First Nations townships &amp; remote communities I’m given most important reminder of how colonisation &amp; systemic oppression &amp; disenfranchisement of First Nations peoples remains pervasive. Truly our national shame and a stain on us all. @USER Best you had home to Greece with your family then,  hand your house back if you feel so strongly.
@USER Good morning brother. @USER Good morning bro! #LevelUp.
@USER Can’t there be any Exception ! 

I have been going there since I was a kid and I no for a fact that nearby there are lot of homes of Priests and it has never touched a pet and it used to move from one pond to other. @USER  @USER Subbayya Rai, a bhakt started to give a hen to eat every month as a sacred ritual. After his demise ritual stopped and since from that day Babiya didn't eat any chicken/meat, only ate temple naivedyam of Sri Anantapadmanabha swamy of Anantapura!
Hi fellow chronically ill and/or disabled friends,

What's something about your chronic illness and/or disability that people around you don't understand? @USER That there is anything else wrong with me other than my legs not working.
Female directors that are also mums (and likes musicals) - make yourselves known! @USER And @hannahinlondon.
@USER  @USER I (and many vegetarians) like the taste of meat, but don't want animals to be slaughtered for it ? @USER  @USER ??
Having a big butt. Nah it’s always been attractive, people just say it proudly now.
Ridiculous.
Give them to the crowds and see what comes out. We are a civilised society and mob “justice” is not legitimate form of justice.
Apparently the execution was stayed because the president has not replied to the mercy petition filed by the convicts.
@USER Had to double check this actually happened and I didn't dream it cause I've seen absolutely nothing about it. Looked like a couple other incidents on that side throughout the game too.
People would be losing their minds if our fans did that to Dundalk players. @USER  @USER Always happens with your crowd in the away end up here. No point talking about it is there? Just like no ones said anything about your pyro on the pitch. Get on with it.
Hot chocolate from Greggs. Maybe tomorrow on my way to work.
Liked one tonight at the home deck. Thought Zarem was ready to win. Wish I saw the $10! @USER 28 percent deductions.
@USER Good morning Sis!!! Will try my best to spread love and joy today. Going to vote early!!! My brother-in-law is running for the 8th distrect Appeals Court!!! So excited to vote BLUE all the way!!! Be blessed today!!!
?❤️?? @USER Thank you Brenda. Have a nice day.❤.
Tinder - People are mostly looking for casual relationships and are very out there about wanting to hookup. Because of how famous it is, it attracts all sorts of crowd. Personally I thought it had a creepy vibe.... more scope of getting pervy messages. I would be a little careful here.
Hinge - Hinge is the most favored one, the crowd is fairly decent. The platform itself encourages open discussions and keeps the conversation fun and engaging. Men on hinge are better at conversations and it has less creepy vibe. Though they are good I didn't find many guys who were looking for "marriage" they were open to dating, meeting and taking it from there. Hinge felt like a safe space to talk to cute guys and work on your dating skills, and you do end up meeting cool people.
Matrimony sites - Shaadi.com involves creating an extensive profile with lots of details. It allows you to restrict your search related to caste, religion, veg - non veg, smoking drinking etc. The agenda is very clear so everyone on that site knows they are looking for a life partner... conversations are more honest and open... Though there will be lots of people who will reach out to you , dont be surprised if some guy's mom or brother reach out. Have clear boundaries about how much you want to engage, and set the expectations from the get go. There are some good guys there, but you gotta keep looking!
Overall - Have an open attitude, meet people , talk to them and be safe! There's a ton of useful info in your post! Thank you so much!
Does he wink the wrong way or is it just me? It's a freemason sex wink.
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER ?????? funniest thing I’ve read today ??????
it's disgusting. I've been trying to get dettol and Epson salts for my dogs infected foot for 2days now. I've been to around 10shops so far and everyone just laughs when you ask about having it in stock  
wtf are people doing with so much Epson salts! Cutting ice.
@USER I'll definitely never will miss lol. @USER I was ctfu when I saw that ????
Have you ever been roasted by your Bestfriend? @USER Every day.
Why don't banks accept your years worth of on time rent payments?! I've been paying rent for 5 years on time without issues and it's more expensive than monthly mortgage payments. Loads of us have a proven track record of it. The fact this isn't taken into account and isn't brought up more often is horrible. It's such a fantastic solution. But the banks won't accept shit. They do, they include current rent and savings as part of their stress tests for affordability. You have to be able to show you earn enough that you can pay rent and save significantly as well as afford to live. So they know you can keep paying if interest rates go up.
Its just they also need a 10-20% deposit to cover the possibility of negative equity so the value of your house if sold in a down market still covers the cost of the outstanding loan.
In fairness both are reasonable rules.
The problem is not the lending rules, its the price of property being entirely unaffordable to begin with and if you loosen the rules it will just drive prices higher again.
Developers not building affordable properties on desirable land when they can build higher margin luxury properties instead is the problem. Its up to the planning authorities to control what gets build where and insist on a higher proportion of higher density affordable properties being built in these developments.
@USER Now I’m curious. What did this fox say? @USER Nothing. He or she just looked at us….imperiously.
I want to do hospitality/travel ugc but I see little to no black creators doing this for ugc. It just has me wondering if it’s even possible. Brands do not champion the diversity they say they do. @USER I have seen a bit of them in new York!
In ONE WORD, what prevents most people from succeeding in music? @USER Trends.
The problem of using different colours highlighters or pens is everytime you want to change colour to highlight or underline you get confused and waste time in choosing that. @USER ??
Never thought it this way . ?
@USER Sharing this way provides insight and can definitely help others in a similar situation so well done ? @USER Thanks AnneMarie that’s my true hope ?
City Wok? City beef.
Depends on how the shipper sends it.   If they send it via post, then Aust Post handles it here.    But if they use a courier service like DHL or Fed Ex, then they handle it all the way to your door.
Most couriers will not deliver to a post box either. DHL don't deliver outside of capital city  metro areas, they offload it to couriers.
Election Predictions: Republicans will win the House! Stacey Abrams will lose in Georgia!   Any takers? @USER Yo crazy dude.
RSS is meeting Muslims, Mohan Bhagwat is praising Ambedkar, wants more social corrective action to reduce casteism, for the first time RSS invites a woman chief guest on their Dussera event. 

All this in one month, since the massive success of #BharatJodoYatra 

 @USER ?? @USER  @USER so you were a congi all along .... what unethical b@$&amp;@#d!!...
Dont we all hate Irish rail ? The rest of Ireland hates it. We just don’t have it.
Do you live in the 1950s? This made me chuckle.
> A motel on the New South Wales South Coast has charged a guest $50 for writing what it described as a "defamatory" review.
> 
> Sharon Graham spent two nights at the Mollymook Ocean View Motel last week, and gave the motel a score of six out of 10 on the website Booking.com.
> 
> Ms Graham said the location was good but a bit noisy, and that she was unsure whether the motel offered daily room service.
> 
> "I thought it was quite a fair review," Ms Graham said.
> 
> Ms Graham was shocked when, having checked out, she received a second invoice which listed a $50 credit card fee for leaving a "false review" online.
> 
> The motel said the $50 will be refunded when the review is taken down.
> 
> "Social media bookings false review will be refunded if removed within 24 hours," the invoice read.
> 
> Motel management claimed the review was misleading and harmed the business's public image.
> 
> "The score is not even close to the average rating," the motel said. I read this woman's original post on Facebook. She was actually then charged another $50 for "administrative letter writing". Contacted police who called the motel manager to tell her what she was doing was illegal, but the manager hung up on them. There were a slew of other examples in the comments of the manager responding poorly to reviews, even threatening one person with a call to immigration. Someone even found a positive review that the manager had written herself under her own name, and then responded to as the business to give thanks.
@USER Hot at home and iced if goin to starbucks. @USER Black or cream ?
Thank you guys for making me feel so welcome. And being so helpful! This is a nice space. this is how randia used to be before it crossed 1lac mark.
now its all news links.
Clam. Stay clammy and call your mammy.
I went there about 10 years ago. Costs about £20 to go in and it's just a greenhouse. You go to look at the plants not the greenhouse. It's like saying a restaurant is just a bunch of tables.
Like why? We get it, coronavirus is serious, but you don't need like 20 packets of toilet rolls?? There are serious supply issues with toilet paper in China.
You even had a gang of thieves steal a pallet full of toilet paper at knifepoint a couple of days ago in Hong Kong. 
The demand is seriously that high.
Because they look so cute when they waddle in their tuxedos. That’s fair.
@USER ଶାଶୁ କୁ କଣ ପାଇଁ ଛାଡ଼ିଲ ତାଙ୍କୁ ବି ସାଥି ରେ ନେଇ ଆସିଥାନ୍ତ ? @USER ???
Outsider here. Curious what makes all these places shot Holes in your eyes.
I’ve visited Ireland for a total of about six months and  nothing really made me think shit hole. 
When I hear shit hole I think of Detroit and derelict steel town types around the states. Shithole in comparison to other places in Ireland. Why would we compare it to Detroit, a place practically all of us have never visited. It's like saying Carlow isn't a shithole because there's worse places in India or Africa. 
That being said I personally don't think Carlow is a shithole. I lived there for 5 years and my hometown of Arklow is a shithole in comparison.
@USER Morning kirsty how are you this morning am ok.enjoy your day. @USER Morning Ian. I’m great thanks hope you are too. Have the best day. Happy Wednesday ?
@USER Enjoyed Deathloop a surprising amount so I’m doing my first ever playthrough of Dishonored now and really enjoying it so far. @USER Dishonored is pretty cool, great narrative and nice gameplay, enjoy!
Wallace and Grommet: Vampire Bunnies. 
I was very young, and scared. But the rest of the class was laughing their butts off. I thought it was only me who was fucking scared of that movie.
Hah 28 is not old. Heck my mother got married at 28 and this was 32 years ago. Yes it's not usual but dont let your age make you rush into something so important. Will take care! And take my time. Thanks!
So is there a set annual date for these things or is it more whenever they reach a certain number, like once they have a thousand or so people? I think they have about 3 a year, maybe moving between Killarney and the Convention Centre. A few of the women in work have gone become citizens in the last 2 years. 
The Polish woman had to go to Killarney which she wasn't happy about, but she's also rarely happy.
@USER I think it’s a brilliant idea, puts candidates at ease allowing best attributes to shine through. Interviews currently don’t assess the suitability for a job, they simply assess how good you are at interviews. @USER Understand worries about preparing false narratives, but this could be identified with gentle probing on the day. If not supported by a foundation of truth, it should be easy to spot. Those that could blag their way through would be able to no matter what.
After 9 years of failing to deliver training and skills Suusssaaan Ley’s answer is to throw the elderly into a building site. I could just imagine an 80 something woman building a house? We are really witnessing the leftovers- Bubble and Squeak? @USER  @USER The SUSS bitch has never had a portfolio that she has not hated. Does she honestly have a positive bone in her body? Or is she just another Murdocrazy/LNP stooge whose life's ambition is to take the heat off the puppet masters?
Because of Julius and Augustus Caesar. Plus each got 31 days in their month, stealing from February, jacking the entire thing up.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER उत्तम वचन
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
@USER That's Fabulous Friday news! @USER Thanks my friend.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Do you want them to betray their manifesto like the Tories do.
Hello to all Rogue fans who have just met KOI and are not speaking spanish. My English is fucking shit, I'm improving it. 

Just to say that you are welcome, this is going to be fucking awesome. Vamos KOI. @USER Welcome to the #LEC!
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER Throw him in prison too.
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? Really? Who knew one day when all the world's knowledge will be at our finger tips, we will rather become a bigger douche bag. 
Great inference. Appalled by your education and logic of first comment and then review/research?
Using the word 'after' to signify the past tense. Interestingly, Latin forms a past tense very similarly: locutus est = he is having spoken = he spoke. Irish also does it (táim tar éis ...) but I don't know whether the Hiberno-English comes from the Irish or vice versa.
Scientists have discovered a way to combat anxiety disorders: This breakthrough remedy also helps people cope with depression, fibromyalgia, chronic pain, nervous exhaustion, and other conditions. Don't put it off any longer because demand is increasing by the day. @USER What is it please let me know.
Politics is ruthless. Who has imagined, in Mumbai, there would be two Shiv Sena's Dushera rallies &amp; Balasaheb Thackeray's son Uddhav Thackeray who is also president of Shiv Sena will have to be also asked to prove his father &amp; grand father founded party is the real Shiv Sena. @USER Nobody doubts that, the revolt is against his incompetentancy and lack of leadership skills leading to downfall of thier legacy...
@USER Yeah, Phillies fans complaining at the behavior of a braves fan. Phillies fans...??? Isn't this a normal pre game scene at citizens? @USER  @USER The only thing being complained about is why my man didn’t dish out a beating ! I’m sure you all will be in your best behavior here though ! Lol.
Delhi is capital of India &amp; BJP MP is giving public call to boycott Muslims economically, is he custodian of all Hindus?  I call upon dalits , OBC &amp; secularists to increase transactions with Muslims &amp; vice a versa. Enough is enough! @USER As you said, enough is enough. Borne the burden for 8 1/2 years. Time to throw these guys out. Establish true democratic principles.
Funny how for a generation, the people of Ballsbridge would’ve associated the swastika with that truck and every subsequent generation it’s associated with you know, fascism, genocide etc
Edit: shite grammar. *of the people of Ballsbridge.
I pass this nearly every day.
Have you seen the one with Greta and Jeremy Clarkson? Omg yes, and the one of the Prince (Philip, Charles?).
RIP my neighbour who told his wife he was popping out to get some sewing thread but got distracted and went to the pub instead. Gone but not for cotton. #dadjokes. @USER @ChrisDuley7.
NO MORE MONEY TO UKRAINE! @USER A predator will never stop.  Putin is a predator.  Fully fund Ukraine.
Pakistan just helped with a peace deal in Afghanistan. India is ripping its own people apart with hate. That's a bad example. Pakistan helped the Taliban in Afghanistan and helped in ripping the country apart.
Not me spending €60 in Boots when all I needed was toothpaste. @USER That’s a whole lotta lube lol.
@USER gorgeous. @USER Thank you ??
Way to fear monger, OP. What a dumb thing to post. You think doing a calculation from a public data set is fear mongering? Gimme a break. Go fight some real crime, would you?
Start your day off right, with the stimulating news that Alex Jones is no longer allowed to run his InfoWars company, per a federal bankruptcy judge.

ENJOY! @USER I Feel Better Already ??
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Yesterday's Republic tv debate was about why PM is leaving Twitter.... They came up with the fact that twitter is spreading fake news(they gave examples too) and therefore namo is trying to tackle it (and ofcourse they support him) ... Now i wanna know whether they are going to say that Namo isn't doing anything against fake news.
If you think how Italy went from under 10 confirmed cases up to over 1700 confirmed cases in the space of 10 days its probably not ridiculous of anyone on this sub to atleast buy the essentials needed in a practical sense. Buying products that have no expiry date and can be used regardless of the eventualities of this virus.
My list
Gas for cooking. 
Cooking oil
Toilet roll. 
Bottled water or one of those purifier yokes to improve the tap water. 
Any medicine needed/ask doctor for a few scripts
Hand sanitiser
Any foodstuff you like to eat with a long expiry date, not fucking bread or milk. You realize that it didn't spread from 10 to 1700 in 10 days right? That's just how much testing they did in 10 days.
Is this a British thing exclusively?
I thought I was ok with 30+ items, there's plenty of self checkouts and rarely a line. 
The lack of lines probably makes it ok. A basket is the max at a self service checkout. We’re not talking about those full sized self service ones with a conveyor belt though, they’re literally meant for trolleys.
read the article!  This place smashed out 80000 cups a year. Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year! This is a good investment. Next year: Coffee cart to be privatised.
Epstein didn't kill himself and he hosted pedoparties on some island in the Caribbean
The chemical that can turn frogs gay exists and it could potentially work for humans
The Masons built the current Denver Airport to hide something important
And I'm sure I'm missing some
PS: Top2 have been proven to be mostly true for a fact, 3rd is known except for the "something important" thingy. I live in Denver. I go to the airport a few times a year. For the past 2 years or so they have had the same construction stuff in the same places. They have these big walls to hide whatever they’re doing, with posters that are making fun of the airport conspiracy theory. Whenever I’m waiting in line at security I hear a banging sound that doesn’t sound like construction tools. It sounds like they’re just randomly banging on a metal pipe. I think a lot of the evidence is bullshit, like the murals and the runways being in the shape of a swastika, but it is a little fishy that the queen supposedly owns property near there. And the airport is really far away. I get that Stapleton Airport was too close to the city, but DIA is in what seems like Kansas. So there might be something there.
Why do men stare at women? Women do the same thing in blink of an eye, where as men stare for so long... why? men have slow visual processing? ? @USER Never thought in this direction. ?
Gunter. Probably the only one here that I've never ever used.
There’s a sort of mini documentary on YouTube about him. I feel bad for the guy, not sure he likes the fame. Before, these people would have their 15 minutes of fame, maybe appear in a few magazines and TV programmes, then promptly be forgotten about.   
Now these videos hang around forever and are constantly linked to and referenced, so that 15 minutes of fame is extended in perpetuity.   
Good if you're famous for something admirable. Not so good if you're basically being laughed at by everyone.
Abuse of teachers and school admin (particilarly female staff) is chronic. Most of the article is behind a pay-wall, but the first few paragraphs are suitably appalling.
@USER  @USER Good Morning 19. Have a great Thursday. @USER  @USER Thank you.❤.
The more you see it, the more you realise that the ordinary citizen thirsts for a more inclusive and humane India. This is why the #BharatJodoayatra is gaining more traction by the day. @USER Humane India, in your view, excludes Peacefuls. You try to condemn stone pelting on Hindus and Hindu religious processions and Sar tan se juda slogans at least once. You never dare to do such a thing.
My thoughts and prayers are tonight with the entire community of Creeslough following today’s devastating explosion.

Thinking too of all the emergency services, from across the north-west and NI working in very traumatic situation. @USER So so tragic and heartbreaking....thoughts and prayers for a heartbroken community❤.
If you're in a city with time to kill, what's the first thing you do? @USER Walking tour. Ideally a food tour, if there's time.
The lack of testing is a bit concerning. I know the tests are expensive but I think it would be worth doing a random sample on people with influenza-like symptoms. Better safe than sorry. I think a random sample of all people arriving at the airport would be more informative.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ✋.
@USER This looks like an approaching apocalypse ! @USER Now its gone!
Just started watching Dr. John Campbell’s videos on YouTube, he’s a no bs approach to this ordeal and just telling the facts as we know so far. Just put out a video of global isolation and containment where he spoke about a paper in The Lancet. How to best control the outbreak by isolation of cases and isolation of the contacts of said cases. The R0 of Covid-19 is 2.6, meaning for every case, that person will infect 2.6 and so and so forth. 
So basically the paper is saying the only way to contain this is to slow the process as much as possible and completely isolate cases and contacts. Imo we’ve already fucked it with the way we’ve handled our first case. In a small country like ours it should be easier to contain but if not acted upon properly it can spread faster. I think we are gonna be at Italy levels in the coming weeks.
I’m not trying to fear monger because the majority of us should be fine but it’s so frustrating to see it not taken seriously by people. Look at Vietnam and how they have handled it, looks like they have stamped it out fast and actually took serious measures to stop it spreading from the get go. They are testing and they are isolating just not publicly announcing this.
@USER 99p for handling ?? @USER Can get brass cheaper than that up north.
So much for sticking up for the little guy, Nick?
Hopefully now people see Xenophon's true colours, and they aren't those of a "sensible centrist," but a cynical opportunist. fuck i hate that guy hope he rots with the rest of them!
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER Chick-fil-A, Jimmie John's, Hobby Lobby, and Home Depot.
Just dreamt of China, India and Pakistan in a three front nuclear war, and total annihilation. It was such a vivid dream. The babyverse will never let such a thing happen??
What happened to the pandemic? 

The ending seemed awfully anticlimactic, no? @USER It hasn't ended. I had Covid last week.
@USER I agree with you but interesting that both my kids (8&amp;7) LOVE the home shirt and suspect that’s more relevant than one 40-something and another 50-something…! @USER  @USER ❤️❤️❤️.
Who of my friends here is going  to the cricket Sunday?

TBH I am expecting crickets as you are mostly a football mob. @USER I'll be working it.
Let me interview Fenriz on Hot Ones. @USER Signing off on this.
Can anyone redirect me to the right kind of n95 masks to be used as precaution? Would appreciate any links. Wash hands 
-When you Wake up
-Every 2-3 hours with proper soap and hum along to a song, atleast till you reach 3/4ths of the song approx 5 mins 
-Before you go to bed.
Small correction, shes bi not gay.
The bi community really hates being written off as gay or ignored. Of course they do....
I had a pal who often went out drinking on a Friday. She told me she’d spotted a new Chinese takeaway that had opened in the last couple of months, and planned to stop in and pick up some drunk food.
When she arrived, the staff greeted her by name and asked if she wanted the usual. She had no recollection of ever having been there but curiosity got the better and said yes please.
The usual was a set meal for 4. 
She had never had leftovers or even containers at her house, and her husband said she’d never come home with any Chinese, so the only logical conclusion is that she sat on a bench and ate a 4-man Chinese drunk and alone before returning home, on more than one occasion. I feel like if I'm getting blackout drunk, I'm going to be checking what I've spent money on. I guess she may have paid in cash though.
Ben Mendelsohn just quietly sitting on my train this morning and no one else recognises him, the man has played the most iconic scumbags, done Star Wars and Marvel, and just travels as a civilian in Melbourne. @USER Lawrence Fishburne was staying in same hotel in Sydney and helped me with my crossword in the hotel bar. I had no idea who he was &amp; asked what he was doing in Aus. He said filming a movie. It was the Matrix. (My friend was in it too, she played the woman in red dress) nice guy.
it's not a real courtroom, both parties agree to let her act as a dispute settler. if either side doesn't like the outcome, they can just go through a real court. That’s not true at all.  She is a real judge and the rulings are legal.  They can’t have the case they represent in her court active anywhere else.
@USER Cricket match ke liye rain Gods have taken a break. ? @USER Kab hai ye game.
Are you fan of camping in Ireland? I mean, like a real fan? If so do you have any tips as to how one might get the best out of the experience given the - sometimes - not entirely pleasant weather we have? If you'd like to share your wisdom mail me maybe? conor.pope@irishtimes.com. @USER Talk to Mal ? @camping_soul.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER Dreadful..best wishes!
@USER Oh you dirty bugger ? @USER If it’s too clean, I feel as though it’s unAustralian.
The Brave Little Toaster™. That air conditioner, man.
@USER The market defines how students/consumers perceive. If companies/HR  systems demand a degree, ths will continue. When they demand skills, intellect, attitude, persona, purpose - consumers will adapt. Onus our side of the fence. Campuses continue creating wealth for shareholders. @USER It's a wicked problem . Corporates are very unhappy with today's graduates , and find most of them unemployable , which is why they spend so much on training them after hiring them.
@USER Had to double check this actually happened and I didn't dream it cause I've seen absolutely nothing about it. Looked like a couple other incidents on that side throughout the game too.
People would be losing their minds if our fans did that to Dundalk players. @USER  @USER Always happens with your crowd in the away end up here. No point talking about it is there? Just like no ones said anything about your pyro on the pitch. Get on with it.
Is it because I'm not British (though I've lived in the UK since arriving from Ireland as a young child) that I can't relate to this mass 'grief' around the death of the Queen? @USER No

It is because you are rational.
Sad to see.
I have to wonder how the likes of C31 would fare as Youtube or even Twitch streams these days.  Is there any estimate of audiences for the community stations? C31 often has up to 180,000 viewers. More than sky news does country wide.
They also livestream on line.
@USER I stopped smoking Cohibas once the Macassar stopped being made. Also the Comandor is my favorite one but it’s no longer being made. @USER Well sheesh. I guess I may have been correct ony hesitation. Oh well, I'm sure these will be well worth the price.
@USER bro not ready for this in the morning. @USER Samee im on an empty stomach all nauseous.
@USER Beautiful Maureen.Through the dark and sadness must come the light and beauty this is how we heal.? @USER There’s a crack in everything… it’s how the light gets in(Leonard Cohen).
@USER yes you are. ??? @USER You are going to lose your crush?
All I know nowadays is the team was busted cheating and one of em cried and now he’s advertising stuff on tv... weird a brand would have a cheat selling stuff but eh. So na.  Not into it. Talking about Steve smith?
Whataburger. I miss Whataburger so much. Moved back home and the best we've got now is Lee's Chicken.
So funny! A British guy saying that if Indians protest about a law passed in India by Elected representatives of India then the law must be unjust! The irony! What about the 100s of years of unjust British rule wherein millions of protesting were killed to stop the protesting. Ah yes, because it was this exact person who was ruling India for 100s of years! Totally fair comparison. In fact, I hear that the Germans are all Nazis too. Each with their own tiny moustache to boot. Next thing you'll say is that India still practices the caste system! Oh... wait... maybe that's why you think other Countries and cultures are incapable of evolving?
@USER I suffered them years ago, was given an injection of some sort...possibly a steroid (sorry useless info, but it was like 20 years ago ?) They should be able to give you something, they're a balls and exhausting ?‍? @USER Had that and was actually great, but they have come back for a visit. No craic at all.
Liz Truss has told the BBC that she's prepared to take difficult or unpopular decisions to help UK economic growth.  

Excellent.  When are we rejoining the EU then? @USER What’s this fascination with the eu Never did us any good.
not all sydney man. Hahaha.
Open a roth 401k. If you scale your earnings throughout your lifetime even starting now at as little as 10 or less a week you will have a boatload of cash when your 40 50 or 60. Also work hard now, Find something that pays a living wage that you want to learn everything you can about and you will also find a mentor, or they will find you. 
I waited 2 years to go to college and its a blessing and a curse. A mentor in a field of something that you are interested in is a godsend, mirror their path while doing your own dd to decide what the best course of action is.
Sapien says, “tomorrows exam can fuck off.”. Padh lo.
@USER Enjoy your evening sweetie?❤️
Have fun and safe. @USER Thanks Hoan ❤️❤️❤️.
Can you believe that business support will be delayed and then backdated because of Party recesses.. that few weeks could be the difference for some operators..

All because of Party Conferences.

They should have been cancelled with all the missed Parliamentary days already. @USER Most companies haven't even seen the energy increases hit them yet! Although if any business is unable to absorb a short term increase in costs, then is it really viable anyway!?
"The winner... is... Sydeney". Who could forget that moment? ?
@USER That's heartbreaking. I think he's very handsome, and I'd definitely hang out with him if I were his age. @USER He’s adorable &amp; super friendly. I’m glad he’s my best bud.
I think it’s better to use Skype when travelling abroad. You have no idea what OP os talking about. Do you?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I’m at the same game visiting from Manchester ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER if you need someone to share a taxi...
You can get turkey unicorns and things these days. They're just reshaped turkey Dinosaurs/Jetters/Drummers. Sad face.
It's great for the environment and people who live out in the bush. But being realistic, it's only a short break from when the season resumes. This is the new normal. It's only how much of it is uncontrollable. This was horrible for the environment 
Millions possibly billions of animals have died
Small fires are indeed good for the environment but huge fires like this are not.
Talking to NPCs (acquaintances). As an introvert i can agree with this.
the whole concept of gita is so badass. so much wisdom for just arjun convincing him to fight given by badass vishnu himself who must have a million other ways to have his way leading to the vishwaroop has to be one of the most epic moments ever written. Yep, when I completed the whole book I was in love with Krishna and wanted to be with him forever in heaven.
@USER Our older sibling barely got off the sofa to say hello to the returning gaeilgeoir. @USER  @USER Great cake.
Or just buy a smart plug. And how, pray tell, do you turn the kettle on? There’s a button or switch on the kettle?
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER Yep.
redtube. Xnxx.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hello bro iam also facing same issue on my poco X2 .. so what is next your move... Plz help me. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER this my insta I'd DM me bro @ms__akshay.
Bit ridiculous that a by-election isn't called. We've never had by elections for the European Parliament.
I went to The Hub by Premier Inn. The room was underground and about the size of two coffins. You even had to make your own bed. >You even had to make your own bed.
The horror.  Did you have to dress yourself as well?
Can anyone confirm Fabian Francis had a car purchased for him by Port an MG (Sponsor) 3-6 months ago to get him to convince Jason to leave? @USER  @USER Yo mate.
Cause car accidents on highways. I like it.
जिस दिन अपन 3 Million फॉलोअर हो गए उस दिन 3 लोगों का रोजगार तय

एक आदमी, जरूरी मैसेज पर त्वरित उत्तर देगा, जरूरी एक्शन लेगा, ट्वीट-फोन से विभाग को भेजेगा

दूसरा आदमी, FB की सेवा में

तीसरा आदमी, आम लोगों के ट्वीट स्कैन करेगा, पता लगाएगा कि आज के अहम मुद्दे क्या है जिस पर बात हो. @USER हमको भी मौका दीजिए.
Best Film About Drugs?? @USER Trainspotting

Watching this film at a very young age, I was never interested in trying drugs growing up. So glad I watched it! ?
But it IS the slab's fault, little fucker. I often wonder if anyone watching is a lip reader, as I usually swear at the little fucker.
Personally I have the Contigo Autoseal and honestly love it! I’ve heard many good things about Frank Green as a whole but also seen mixed reviews on the coffee cups. I see. I won't lie, I kinda like the Frank Green's design. 
As far as I know, they make only coffee cups, are you referring to any particular product or that you've heard good things about FG overall?
10w-30. How crude.
"Mood kyu kharab hai?" Bhai meri puri zindagi kharab hai. @USER Awo may Tek kr do ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER See you later ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ta! See you later ✊??
Government says it will provide a discount on wholesale gas and electricity prices for all non-domestic customers. @USER  @USER The government is going to get a slap from the Speaker. These things should be announced in Parliament first not to the media. No excuse, the Commons will be sitting in an hour's time.
@USER whaaaaa i want it! @USER When I was a kid they were at least twice as long as this ?

They are still delicious though.
Throw dildos until you can reach the whips. There’s dildos in the kids section?
Uneducated fucks.
This country's education system is a joke.
My toilet papers are at least useful to wipe ass. Those degrees are useless. Tell that to employers.    
And after u get a good job with ur toilet papers, make a post on reddit.
@USER  @USER That’s a border poll (when it comes) losing strategy! @USER  @USER People like Bison don’t care about the economics, they just want to be part of the UK, even if it means having to  live in caves and subsist on nettle soup.  Their ‘precious union’ is sacred to them.
My kids want to know if they can  go on it (and queen elizabeth too) is this possible ? You needed to but tickets but they are all sold out now.
Ben and Liam always seemed awkward. I really like Sally and Erica, I think they’ll only keep getting better. See, I find sally and erica really awkward and forced. Maybe they will grow into it.
Tried to get my mom to stop drinking when I was a teen, she got really upset.  She still drinks alot. I’m sorry to hear, I’m in the same boat.
If he worked for two days while he was sick then he could have infected plenty of people in Bangalore. (Think of the first case in Germany that was spread by a Chinese worker who visited Germany for a few days and how many cases that resulted in) They need to trace them too and not just the passengers on the bus and the hospital staff.
This tree and this wiki tells us the chinese lady resulted in 12 cases(4 spread directly and 8 indirectly) before the cluster was contained through contact tracing, isolation, quarantine and hospitalization. Bengalurians are fucked.
You can report them I'm pretty sure. Is it the ombudsman, all youd need is the plate and the time. problem is gardai ombudsman does fuck all, guessing the same for some other ombudsman but even more with the gardai one.
@USER We prohibit the sale of free tickets to public events. However, now that the event is over and the tickets can no longer be used for entry, they may be sold as memorabilia. Since Queen Elizabeth II's funeral has now passed, we are no longer removing these items. ~Kim. @USER I still think it’s disrespectful.
Evening  Friends, I see Jan at 7 tomorrow night, can’t wait. She’s doing OK, plenty of rest and very good doctors and nurses. I’m all good, just made a Uber pizza lol. Brian is still alive, doing good there. Lots of loves from Sara. Thank you for your wonderful support. Phil  xxx. @USER Give her my love and best wishes.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. how is this is conspiracy theory? is it a conspiracy because google uses the feedback to improve google maps?
Reverse image searched it. The result was "Firearm". oof sorry couldn't find anything. You should try asking in /r/whatisthisthing.
? #IBD patients - what bothers you most about your IBD at this particular moment in time?

Whether related to disease, service, cost, quality of life... whatever... The mic is yours! ? Take it away... @USER My life is so restricted since last year, diet, trips, events. I haven’t found any real balance with medication and I’m on weekly doses of immunotherapy injections and no improvement! ?
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The criminal years!
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. The wage calculation test is correct if your a “wage” theft employer. Maybe it’s how they condition new workers....
Samurai sword. How long would it take for it to dull out? I'm sure it would be in heavy use.
ଦୁର୍ନୀତି ମୁକ୍ତ ସମାଜ ଲଢ଼େଇ ପାଇଁ ସେ ଚିରସ୍ମରଣୀୟ ରହିବେ।?

Paying homage to eminent freedom fighter, Bharat Ratna #LokNayak #JayaprakashNarayan on his birth anniversary. The socialist leader will always be remembered for his relentless fight for social justice, ...2. corruption free society &amp; democratic values.?
@USER I mean they wanted to build a hotel above the Cobblestone, where The Bernard Shaw was, and above Merchants Arch and all were met with massive opposition and ultimately failed. The problem with Dublin is there aren’t enough hotels because fucking idiots keep protesting them. @USER  @USER You in a ket hole lad?
Seriously, why are there SO MANY CREDIT SCORE APPS now?! Is there some sort of crisis I'm not aware of? Are brits really that shit with money? I need answers! The law changed with GDPR meaning the credit reference agencies were obligated to give you access for free. Previously they could charge some admin fee.
So to recoup somewhat, and deal with the cost of all the extra people wanting their information they decided to try to monitise a bit more. Sometimes you pay them directly for something, sometimes they sell you to loan companies. That sort of thing.
It’s too late. One in every five Aussies will get it. I also agree it can’t be stopped but still worth slowing it down until vaccine becomes available.
I didn't take the call personally (thankfully) but I heard the recording of a mother who found her 3yr old at the bottom of the pool. Her screams were truly horrific. oh shit. is the baby okay?
And to add salt to your and our wounds, majority of the people on İnternet and social media are supporting this or are enjoying this.
Media hasn't changed, it's still the same. They didn't even cover the transfer of judge overnight with the same passion as they covered Ankit Sharma's murder.
No questioning from Modi-Shah or BJP. People are supporting Kapil Mishra. All blame shifted to Tahir Hussain.
Sorry freedom fighters, we let you down. Remember the time after Pulwama, how everyone was shouting for war.
@USER Rigobert Song is Alex Song's uncle. @USER True that.
I have said this many times before, and here it is again...
Greggs is the Wetherspoons of bakeries: never your first choice, but good enough if nothing else is available. Most sensible comment here. I avoid it because my work suit looks silly in a queue of tracksuits, onesies and pyjamas same way I avoid Wetherspoons because the owner is a total cunt BUT if I need to pick up some vegan sausage rolls for the wife it's the only place to go. Wetherspoons has nothing to offer me.
@USER  @USER  @USER Best news Paul. Massive congratulations. This is very exciting❤️. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Susan! ❤️.
Sex? You guys are having sex?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nehru stadium was built on Gulkawwana kere. Now the lake has taken back its place. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Exactly my point . Gulkawwana has regained it's lost glory ! Hope they convert it back to what it was . Make it a Paradise in the middle of the city .
But they're not in power. Don't we how it could be any worse with sinn fein in power but hopefully we see soon.
The photo on the Bank of Scotland note is giving me strong“Unsolved Mysteries” vibes, so that’s my favourite.
Unfortunately I’d probably struggle to spend it anywhere local. Aye same is the case with me.
Honestly there's this bizarre attitude with pharmacy staff that anyone who knows annything about these drugs must be a drug dealer or something.
They have the same attitude with codeine/rikodeine.
I'd wager they did have it but just wouldn't sell it to you. TBF Codeine shouldn't be commercially available.
@USER Jaylen is not overrated by anyone. He’s by far the most underrated player in the league. He’s easily top 20, but most people sadly don’t see how talented he truly is. @USER  @USER Absolutely.
Yes. Inherited  property has to be equally divided. person who inherited is alive and he's selling it . He mentioned it's not ancentral property. I'm not sure descendant can object .
Change the law. Legislators legistlate - the joys of democracy. Rent controls are common in EU countries - let's do it - for a while anyway to see how people like it. We don’t have to see if the people “like” it, we can already see the effect of it in other countries, and pretty much every single economist agrees that any form of rent control is very bad and has a serious negative impact on housing.
I was going to tell you to watch out for the swans, only to realise it isn’t Glastonbury. 
Nice picture!
EDIT: Wells. Not Glastonbury. Almost said the same thing. Could have sworn this was the courtyard they shot the fight scene from Hot Fuzz in!
Quick reminder: legitimate government websites will end in .gov.au, but you're better off not clicking links in email/SMS regardless.  E.g. the real link is  URL . Like  URL  and  URL 
Consumer facing sites aren't always .gov.au. There are a lot of grey areas these days.
@USER Be safe and have a great day! @USER You to ??☕️.
No I am done. People are scamming others with this, I ain't gonna fall for it again. I'll better buy one screen plan. Well it sounds scamming but you can’t do anything without trust. I’m currently using the mobile plan for 199₹ I’m fine with it but I can’t watch it on my TV that’s a big Bummer and to not get get scammed well I’ll provide my contact info and if you think of an idea that works out in such a way that we can trust each other I’ll be glad to use it . Sadly i’m New to reddit so definitely it looks more like a scam ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER That is a beautifullly preserved old station, I could hardly believe my eyes. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It is Indeed ?
Cheating on your barber is much worse. They know you’ve done the dirty. Say you were attacked by Edward scissorhands.
I know a few people who are acting like it is doomsday stocking up on everything.
I know several people that don't give a shit.
I know some people that are just avoiding crowds/sick people/using common sense and washing their damn hands.
Honestly, if you didn't give a shit about flu season for the past two decades, why are you acting so scared or proactive around covid virus? Media attention to some degree, but there it currently has about the same CFR as the 1918 flu.
Slowing the spread while a vaccine is developed has the best chance of limiting fatalities.
@USER It's cruel and it's false. @USER Just lazy. My aunt quit smoking young, ate like an athlete in training, and ran all over her NH farm. My mother never smoked, loved sweets, ran all over the  Methuen Mall. My grandfather got sober, never stopped moving, ate what he could afford. They were dealt their destiny.
I agree. RSS and BJP, eat gobar and fuck yourselves. Itna gobar bhara hai dimaag mein inke. Poora brainwash ho chuka hai. I think people should appear for a test based on politcal knowledge when it comes to voting.And I kid you not,only 25% would pass it.
And if something like this would to happen,you'd see a different party in power. For the good.
I don't know how a democracy is supposed to work with so many illiterates and uneducated people in the country...who vote for things like Balakot airstrikes,and sanctions on Kashmir.
This is why Socrates hated democracy with so many illiterates in a country/place.
Just a friendly reminder that 30cr people voted for BJP,which is why theyre in power dictating 130cr+ people.
It looks like you just need the Student leap card itself - and not buy Leap card credit.  
I would appeal the fine after getting a Student Leap card. You seem to be doing everything and just some bureaucracy BS caught you out. That Luas / bus didn't lose out on any money at all since you paid for everything, just not this one specific card that they needed. This sounds like the best option,  I just really don't want to get a leap card. I graduate in may, and due to injuries I can't work atm or cycle to college. I'm on a pretty tight budget, and will likely have to pay this €45, making the budget tighter. €10 for a leap card is just a lot of money for me right now when it seems so pointless. I think I may have to just suck it up.
@USER Did no one at #cpfc plan for the inevitability of this? @USER You would hope someone might have done. Risk assessment and all that.
> A motel on the New South Wales South Coast has charged a guest $50 for writing what it described as a "defamatory" review.
> 
> Sharon Graham spent two nights at the Mollymook Ocean View Motel last week, and gave the motel a score of six out of 10 on the website Booking.com.
> 
> Ms Graham said the location was good but a bit noisy, and that she was unsure whether the motel offered daily room service.
> 
> "I thought it was quite a fair review," Ms Graham said.
> 
> Ms Graham was shocked when, having checked out, she received a second invoice which listed a $50 credit card fee for leaving a "false review" online.
> 
> The motel said the $50 will be refunded when the review is taken down.
> 
> "Social media bookings false review will be refunded if removed within 24 hours," the invoice read.
> 
> Motel management claimed the review was misleading and harmed the business's public image.
> 
> "The score is not even close to the average rating," the motel said. Hopefully enough people see this that the motel owners feel the consequences of their actions.
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER The Catholic Church.
Rise and shine beeches. Wakey wakey.
Can anybody shed any light on the following two charges, when booking tickets online for Bord Gáis Energy Theatre:
1. Facility Charge per ticket 
2. Service Charge per ticket
What exactly are these charges?
Why the heck are we paying them whilst booking online?
Thank you. @USER I have no idea. They've done it to me at the Helix every time I've booked online and I've just paid up. I've resented it but I've paid. Maybe it's time we all got stroppy.
But it does reflect the cost of borrowing? So your money goes less far if you’re buying on credit? £300/ month gets you £10 1/2k at 3% over 3 years, same repayments at 20% is £8 1/4.
I’m no car expert but I recon 20% more budget probs gets you a better car?
TLDR:  senior positions and management get paid more. And are generally the most useless pricks out there, all talk and no action.
@USER So damn hot??? @USER Thanx bro.
Completed 18 years in Journalism today! 

#WorkAnniversary. @USER 18 Years!! Not easy.

Congratulations and Happy 18th Work Anniversary ?
@USER Morning Elaine ? @USER Morning Maggie.
Has Lord Lebedev of Siberia and Johnson been sanctioned yet? @USER  @USER Of course not!
This surely should be a variable electronic sign. That would make so much sense.
Change school lunches. The shit they serve at my kids school is disgusting. That's not a national problem, though. schools are controlled at the local level. it's the parents' role to campaign for that.
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER What happened. M.C.
Another summer over.  Goes so quickly doesn't it? @USER ? I don’t consider Summer is over until I need to put on a sweater in the evening… sometime in October, regardless of what the calendar says Tilly. ? Makes me happy longer too. So I’m going to stay in my time zone. Join me ?
Do you know what old people often find stressful and upsetting? It’s car parks where you can only pay by using an app or a credit card. Quite a lot of old people don’t carry the latter (yes, really) and they have no idea what an app is. (1/9). @USER  @USER would you be so kind as to unroll this important (and moving) thread? Thank you!
راند دوم : هر دوستی تازه آمده به توییتر و کمتر از ۵۰۰ فالور داره ، زیر این پست اکانت خودش را بزاره تا من و بقیه دوستان فالو کنند! برای همبستگی و اتحاد ما #StopHazaraGenocide. @USER  @USER فالو کنید دوستان تا در جمع شما باشم.  چند روز هست فقط به خاطر اشتراک در این همایش هشتگ تلاش میکنم نمیدانم درست هست یا خیر دیده میشوم یا خیر .
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I think he killed himself. The conspiracy was that he was allowed to kill himself.
Never run for a bus, 
Train or man. When
One leaves, another arrives.? @USER catch it perfect one.
HIDE YO KIDZ, HIDE YO WIFE CUZ CORONAVIRUS GOIN' ROUND RAPING ERRYBODY. Haha, damn I forgot about that one.
At least you’re not upstairs on a double decker stuck on the Redheugh bridge. That’s the stuff of nightmares. As someone who has had to drive deckers across multiple times, I assure you, the driver seat is worse especially when you get a slight side wind, almost needed to change on the other side.
The ABC stopped being “Our ABC” when they stopped doing original production in the regions.  It’s just a Sydney thing now. Population of NSW: 7.544 million
Population of Sydney: 5.23 million
Percentage of NSW residents who live in Sydney: 69.33%
Where would you do production on an ever diminishing budget to service the most people possible?
@USER Happy birthday. @USER Thanks love! ?
@USER Catch me if you can ? @USER The man is talking to archery people this week. So perhaps after ten-twenty years of practice? ?
@USER Beautiful...so peaceful. Good morning. @USER Morning Sue thanks for the follow.
Guy tries to call police on himself. 

Young gent P1 comes to the door. Regular knows we search. Hands over his wallet, boom bag of cocaine . 

B1 “Sorry mate that’s getting destroyed, and you’re not coming in, however you’ve not caused issues before so come back next week and all is forgiven” 
Sounds fair right? 
P1 “ok I’ll go, can I have that back?”
B2 “err no mate”
P1 “ why not?”
B1 “because we’re not drug dealers! Of course you can’t have it back we’re all under cctv and this will be destroyed under camera too”
P1 “ I don’t believe you’ll destroy it!”
(Note: Many people seem to think bouncers either all take or sell gear, it’s not true and even if one of us wanted drugs we’re not gonna trust something that you could have got anywhere and done anything to)
B1 “it’s not my job to convince you of anything mate, been nice, been fair now please listen to your GF and go home”
P1 “ I’m gonna call the police and tell them you’re in possession of drugs”
B2 and B3 laughing I take the lad away from door to chat more discreetly. 
B1” look mate I know your annoyed but you’re saying you’re gonna call the police to tell them we’re in possession of drugs? That we took from you!
P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up. > P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up.
that's crazy, in the US they'd come and arrest him put him in jail, thousand dollar fine maybe 6 months in jail and 5 years probation for a wad of coke. Weed not so much.
I don’t follow AFL, (as well as soccer or rugby or union or any other ball sport).
I wouldn’t know half the teams in the league. I don’t care who wins or loses. I hate how it takes up half the newspaper on a Monday, and was excited for electronic news- so I can skip past it. 
I wouldn’t recognise a single player, and never watch or listen to a game. Actually I don’t think a sporting game has ever been watched by either myself or my kids in our house. 
We play sport, we are all good at sport and all games but don’t care to watch others play it. I've never watched a football game in my life. Used to play touch footie though.
I like watching tennis.
9/11, no matter what you say or think, that was absolutely, 100% guaranteed... An inside, controlled demolition based, Governmental job. a conspiracy that big, being kept quiet for 20 years, is ridiculous.
I wonder if our high temperatures hinder the spread of virus? Is there a particular temperature at which the virus spreads the most? Singapore has had a 100 cases. The temperature there has been between 28 and 36 degrees Celsius.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Welcome to the club!
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER  @USER Firmly secure wow is that like a prison secure I mean what about Democracy? What about Human rights?
Do Unionists not believe in such things? Or do they only apply if you're Not Scottish. I mean surely Scots decide their own Future or is that only outside the UK?
My partner went and got some for me... girl went behind the counter and just gave it to him. Didn’t take ID, interrogate him about symptoms... 3 times in the past 4 years, I tried to get some when I was obviously sick... I got refused once (even when I went in with a Tamiflu script)... and the other times was treated like a criminal and had my ID scanned... 
I get my partner to go in... he must look trustworthy, because they always ask him: “how many boxes?”. But it should never come down to a personal judgement based upon stereotypes. Its the  biggest failing of our  system that should only consider medical need rather than stereotypes and nasty ideology. 
The whole system is a joke and I blame our nanny state politicians for this  despicable treatment. The way they legislate to treat ordinary people is wrong. I wonder why it is in places like HK, Thailand and most of SE Asia where you can get anything without script  and the population majority are not addicted drug addicts sniffing blood pressure medications like they think we do in Australia. How condescending is it that  chemists and our politicians think that the Australian  people  have a predisposition to abuse every drug on the planet from toe fungal cream to common things like headache and cold medications. The whole system is a farcical joke.
@USER Happy Thursday ❤️. @USER Good morning Dale.?
@USER I also noticed her at Daw Bari. Infact, all the photographers who went there to shoot Durga Puja has noticed her too because she's such a cutie. ? 

Loved the photograph! @USER You were there that day? This was during Soshti morning?
Feck off with your PIRA/MI5 propaganda will ya. MI5: Big fans of the IRA.
I was going to tell you to watch out for the swans, only to realise it isn’t Glastonbury. 
Nice picture!
EDIT: Wells. Not Glastonbury. Lincoln's coat of arms (or at least the Uni's) features swans. Swans are a thing in Lincoln :).
I use my.gov every three months to do my BAS....I just reset the password and have it sent to my email, then get the passcode sent to my phone...no biggie.    
For all those wondering why I reset the password, I'm not remembering or writing down a password for a fucking website I never use....or even for one I do. The amount of fucking websites requiring an account and/or sign in for the one time you use them either in a year or ever at all.....fuck off. It’s perma shut down now for no fucking reason....i feel like petrol bombing the nearest centre link...im going to uni next fucking week....i need the student support ffs!
By banning vacationers/travelers and striking people who intentionally infect others with the butt of a rifle. r/iamverybadass and also that’s not your immune system that’s thinking with your spine.
Two most difficult areas in counseling in medicine -
1. Convincing a patient with widal positive test that they don't need an antibiotic
2. Convincing patient to start/switch to insulin when the situation demands.
#MedTwitter
Any other issues frequently faced in counseling? @USER Convincing patients tht severe depression ( with or without psychotic symptoms) is not the time to go for therapy and needs meds?
Buses simply not showing up. Happened to me probably 8 times in a year where I’m late for a lecture or just anything really because a fucking bus decided to disappear.... legit happened to me today so needless to say the wound is still fresh :(. the best is when the sign says it'll be there in 2 minutes and then suddenly switches to 6.
2/ Daily Reading: Psalms 49-50; Acts 20:1-16. 3/ Memory verse: Daniel 9:3
“And I set my face unto the Lord God, to seek by prayer and supplications, with fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes:".
@USER Looking good? @USER Thanks bro.
Am I the only one who likes to have the tv on while I write, instead of music?? There have to be more of us out there! #amwriting. @USER Either for me.
Why has Reddit become so religiously biased. Every  religion has stuff that is practiced because guys wake the fuck up ... Religion is imagined more imagines and fiction than real.
It's hocus pocus done by a guy wearing fancy clothes. 
Stop taking the Koran literally, it's a book of wisdom not a Standard operation procedure because it was written for a different time. 
Stop taking the Bible very seriously, a lot if it was written way after Jesus was no more.
Manusmriti the hindu guidebook is ridiculous and makes for a good read to understand the wisdom of the time and that's that.
That being said religion is magic to those with faith. So when you make fun of one faith they retaliate and make fun of another. Hurt and pain begets hurt and pain. It's a bad cycle.
So dear reddit stop saying religiously inflammatory shit for any religion. 
I know I am guilty just the same and hope that my realisation transcends in you too. Spotted the cow piss drinker ^.
Using the word 'after' to signify the past tense. Interestingly, Latin forms a past tense very similarly: locutus est = he is having spoken = he spoke. Irish also does it (táim tar éis ...) but I don't know whether the Hiberno-English comes from the Irish or vice versa.
The three great universities are Oxford, Cambridge and? Open University on BBC2 at 3am?
What I found was that Melbourne got as hot as Sydney but it takes longer. E.g. Sydney will be muggy and 35 by 9 am but Melbourne will take until 2 to get there. Still 35 in the end but the day on average was cooler. I’ve actually noticed that too, comparing Brisbane and Melbourne though as my sister in law was down there. If it’s gonna be a hot day in Brisbane, you can tell as soon as you wake up. 
Melbourne also seems to have greater range in the maximums for the weekly forecast. If we have a minor heatwave, you’ll see a few days increasing, a few days super hot then back down. Melbourne seems to sometimes up and down really fast, I saw one day that was going to be like 35 and the next was only getting up to 26.
@USER Good morning ??‍♀️?☕️. @USER Happy Thursday Sharon. Have a fabulous day.??❤.
#MedTwitter
I have the 20th edition Harrison (brand new) because I’ve hardly read 100 pages since I bought it. Don’t think it would be useful to me since I would be pursuing paediatrics. Don’t want to sell it either. What do I do with it? Keep it as a souvenir ??‍♀️. @USER Better to keep with self.
.
Have given to junior before books like - Robbins, f.netter etc.n regretted.
.
My recent such impulsive buy is
- new edition of 'first-aid'. Gonna keep it, hoping to learn something, someday! ?✌?
OK. Thanks for that. We appreciate your enthusiasm!
Listen, about the women, if you want them, you can have them. Maybe we can do a cultural exchange whereby we send you a few Gráinnes and Sinéads and you send us some Lunas and Danielas. Would that be a good place to start? Absolutely, whenever said Gráinnes, Sinéads, Lunas and Danielas are fine with it. I'm sure they as well are up to a cultural exchange. But jokes aside, i like those Irish names as well. They seem really natural and  unpretentious.
Code with music or without? @USER With if you're not aware that what you have to do...and how will you do...or without if you're an expert... listen and code... actually this should be a goal for many beginners. "Music, Hustle &amp; Code".
Heading offline soon.  I’ve dosed up on antibiotics for days, &amp; today I got my best relief for awhile.
Legs/feet haven’t blown up any further.
Today has been a good one, by my current level.
Reading your lovely tweets has made it even nicer.
If not back later, then tomorrow.
?? @USER Sounds a little better ?
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. It's more likely that they want to create a pandamic in order to crash the stock market, and reap the benefits of it once it all blows over.
Q4. What is the refresh rate of the #GalaxyZFlip3 display?
A. 60Hz
B. 90Hz
C. 80Hz
D. 120Hz
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q4) D. 120Hz ?

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
"Fancy a lighter option?  Swap out the bread for some salad"
Don't do this, just don't.  After all, a chicken fillet roll is not a chicken fillet roll without the roll. Want a vegan option? have a salad.
It's jokes like this that makes this my favourite sub - stuff Americans won't get. Can confirm, am American, don't get it. That's okay
New England is best England.
Ambo - Ambulance 
Divvy/ Divvy van - Police van 
Arvo - Afternoon 
Maccas - McDonald's 
Bonzer - Awesome
Dunny - Toilet 
Brekki/ breaky - Breakfast 
Goon - Cask wine 
Mozzie - Mosquito 
Sanger -  Sandwich 
Snag - Sausage 
Troppo - Crazy 
Don't piss in my pocket and tell me it's raining. Brekky is correct, I think. Breaky should be pronounced Bree-ki or Brake-y.
Because of Julius and Augustus Caesar. Plus each got 31 days in their month, stealing from February, jacking the entire thing up.
@USER The market defines how students/consumers perceive. If companies/HR  systems demand a degree, ths will continue. When they demand skills, intellect, attitude, persona, purpose - consumers will adapt. Onus our side of the fence. Campuses continue creating wealth for shareholders. @USER It's a wicked problem . Corporates are very unhappy with today's graduates , and find most of them unemployable , which is why they spend so much on training them after hiring them.
@USER Maybe if journalist did there job &amp; stopped giving SF a free run when interviewed there would be no need for dossiers. They are playing the Trump &amp; Boris tune, populist politics. We see in USA &amp; UK two countries that are now a mess. Stop listening to waffle dig deeper. @USER  @USER Oh Comon.. I stopped watching political debates n interviews because they thrashed SF n gave easy rides to the rest..
@USER Thank you, Nick! @USER It's a beauty PJ - you should be so proud :) ♡.
'Partake'? Fear mongering is their bread and butter. This is what it's like when a junkie 'partakes' in heroin. Whilst true, people have to come to that conclusion on their own accord.
It's not really for me to force my opinion on others. No one likes that.
Save it. Boooo this guy.
@USER hey team. Order placed on 30 Sept. Items remain Unshipped after 8 days. Sales offers misleading if items are not going to be shipped. Should I DM order number? No update on this!!
Good luck becoming a mental health nurse. 
I too was admitted to the psych unit. Still trying to make something of myself afterwards. Thanks man I'd like to make a difference in people's lives.
@USER Wow! A fox? @USER A fox! Cheeky thing just wandered into our bedroom and trotted happily round the bed!
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER VERY easy. 
Got it at my local Walgreens the first week it was available.
@USER My 7 year old son would buddy up with him in a hearbeat. He always asks me if hes "weird" because he doesn't like what all the other kids do.  I say hell no, you do you always!!! @USER ? love this.
Well, the courts shouldn't be asked to do the duty of the executive. Courts can, and have, interfered when the executive does not do its duty. 
The SC has always been super strong and activist when it was the UPA in power. As it should be.
Bobde has other plans I guess.
@USER  @USER I've seen jazz described as "appropriating black culture"... Where does influence end and "appropriation" begin? Not a trivial question. @USER  @USER  @USER “Can white guys play the Blues?”, and other assorted clichés?
Don't know that much more needs saying about how the death of ERII affected us all differently, but am absolutely willing to acknowledge that my hysteria the day The Big Yin checks out will put the most unionjacketed of the last week to shame. @USER Same but when Attenborough pops off.
The woak hate Arndt because she calls them out on their bullshit and punctures their lies, but especially because Arndt believes in equality for all, not replacing the patriarchy with a matriarchy.
The outrage machine doesn't like it when anyone stops and thinks about why things happen. They just want you to be outraged, because then you are easily manipulated. Arndt wants people to think seriously about teen sexuality, not just pretend it doesn't exist, and about the reasons why men commit murder-suicide. It's not for the LOLs, and its not because All Men Are Evil.
When somebody, man or woman, kills there own children and then themselves, it's not just a random act of evil. It happens for a reason. The outrage machine doesn't want you to think about those reasons, so anyone who challenges the prevailing narrative must be silenced.
Even if you disagree with Arndt's opinions, the fact that there are people who want to suppress her message is a million times worse than anything she said. I out her on the same level as Pauline Hanson. Controversial to get attention with the claim it's what everyone is thinking like a stopped clock she rarely right and should not get the attention she does.
Grabs popcorn
This is a damn good question.... Can't wait for the results. Agreed. My family isn't boring, but porn has never been involved & I've only known like one person who's mother posed for Playboy.
Post school every single day from 4 to 630 used to be cricket , badminton. After 6 30 pretend to study so parents don't get mad.


Cycling around parks with friends to see couples making out. 


Talk talk and fucking talk. Watch any movie, discuss each fav scene and have a laugh together. Watch something funny, discuss with friends and laugh again. 


Read Sportstar, reader's digest , tinkle , champak diligently everyweek. Save the favourite copies of Sportstar which have pictures of Anna kournikova , Marina Hingis and Steffi Graff for wank session later. Same with regional movie magazines . 


Explore. Go to every nook and corner of the city with the gang and do nothing . 6) Hindi comics (Doga, Dhruv, Nagraj) in circulation with friends for exchange
7) Every Sunday is for playing games and watch Movie on Doordarshan
8) VCR means overnight 3-4 movies with neighbourhood gang
9) Only real friends no virtual friends
10) when News means news and politics was ultra boring
11) when one friend has bike and whole gang use that.
I'm hearing through the grape vine  that this fella confirmed with the virus yesterday who arrived back 2 weeks ago and didn't quarantine himself lives in greystones, Wicklow. Anyone else hear this? Supervalue greystones might be infected.
@USER nice meeting you and John at brentford    see u again up the mighty arsenal. @USER Likewise ? hopefully see you at Tottenham if we can get there ?‍♀️???
Its a fuck up big deal, somone pressed the wrong button.  Of course they didn't explain it,  they wouldnt have known about it.
What I dont understand, why didnt you enquire instore instead of getting behind your keyboard and sending them an enquiry and then getting all pissed off because they haven't called you., yet. Because I work, do all the housework and cooking, and raise two disabled kids. Sure, I'll just find to drive down for a chat instore.  If I'm promised a callback I expect one.
I can’t emphasise enough the importance to NOT oversize yr positions in a bear mkt. You NEED to risk manage yr book all the time. Classic investors get whacked in high vol environments. You need to trade. Otherwise stay cash! @USER Thanks for the reminder Christian.
I'll do you one better, 
WHY did this??? For humor.
Your domestic league will only be a success when it is viewed on its own terms, not as some preamble to prepare for Europe. 

English clubs don't think that way. French clubs don't think that way. 

We need to think that way too. @USER SA team winning probably the best thing to happen. Makes the rest hungrier. Cannot wait for next season already ?
Hardly slept because of my dickhead neighbours. Half tempted to go bang on the door and wake them up in return.
Swimming today with little one. Then I will probably need a nap later on. Neighbours came back at 1.30am loud as hell. I banged on the wall and shouted SHUT THE FUCK UP in the middle of my sleep... they went quiet for the rest of the night but the exhilaration kept me up for hours.
I have a bidet so can ration toilet paper pretty well but I guess a lot of people can't :P I can understand why people might stock up on it if they're worried though, they'll eventually use it so not really a waste of money plus it's one of my worst nightmares to run out of toilet paper and I think I'm not alone in that fear. I typically do one poo each day, first thing in the morning before I take a shower. I wipe once then finish cleaning myself in the shower. A pack of toilet paper lasts me literally months.
@USER After years in the community and returning to academics I think many of us (and our trainees) don’t realize what is happening out there. This is a prime example. @USER This is sad to hear ??
ଦୁର୍ନୀତି ମୁକ୍ତ ସମାଜ ଲଢ଼େଇ ପାଇଁ ସେ ଚିରସ୍ମରଣୀୟ ରହିବେ।?

Paying homage to eminent freedom fighter, Bharat Ratna #LokNayak #JayaprakashNarayan on his birth anniversary. The socialist leader will always be remembered for his relentless fight for social justice, ...2. corruption free society &amp; democratic values.?
Many Irish Americans who care about parades are still card carrying Catholics. So yeah.
Are the super Catholic old schoolers in Ireland also lgbtq+ allies? Or do they also go with what the Church says?
Or have even the old school over 50+ folks turned away from the Church at this point? Most catholics I know in Ireland have a brain and are compassionate & accepting towards others, unlike in America where they just use religion to hide their hate.
Lets be fair, riding up steep hill isnt casual in the sightest. Worth it for the ride down though.
RIP my neighbour who told his wife he was popping out to get some sewing thread but got distracted and went to the pub instead. Gone but not for cotton. #dadjokes. @USER @ChrisDuley7.
@USER Definitely worth trying at that price. @USER That's what I'm hoping for!
Life is like a penis 
Sometimes it's up 
Sometimes it's down, but it won't be hard forever. @USER  @USER Depends.
there are 120 acres of land in front of my house and ive been told i can do whatever i want when its mine, but no forestry, funny considering the farm made no money last year. My mum told me that the farm made a profit one year. Just one. Dad immediately went and bought more cattle and was back to the usual loss the next year.
@USER Do you have a German Shepherd? I presume that is the strange thing that happened. @USER Hi tell me please what happened why are you are sat up having a cup of tea in bed .? It looked like there was a German Shepherd at the bottom of your bed. Is that the spooky thing that happened? Do you have a dog.
@USER I’ve done political philosophy classes. You have got to be being very errr charitable here. @USER In what way?
Happy Birthdaaaay  @USER ?? @USER Thanks love! ?
"Mood kyu kharab hai?" Bhai meri puri zindagi kharab hai. @USER Awo may Tek kr do ?
Loved the first year of the URC.

South African teams have literally changed the game.

Brilliant. @USER Yes agreed @thepaulwilliams, the URC will have a different focus next year and hope the Welsh regions get the support they need from the @WelshRugbyUnion.
The last thing that i had on a £20 note looked like it came from Colombia. Why would there be coffee on a £20 note?
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. There have long been documented cases (with evidence) that these courses are just what you claim, a cash grab by the organization that is singing you off. You are not crazy, the course is complete bullshit as you have discovered.   
Unfortunately it's easier to just get through it than to try to kick up a stink. I know from experience.
Flamingo Nosebleed is my favorite weird band name. i love these guys now.
no don't please. i was crushing over since she came. keep that chutiya away. You know there's something else that Trump family has in common with the Lannisters aside from the obsession with gold.
@USER  @USER Well done Réada, good stuff today. @USER  @USER Sorry I didn't see you Enda. Thanks a million for coming.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER He’s playing to a Russian public and hawks first. But I agree. He’s upped the stakes. He had to. It strengthens his negotiating position if that is what it comes to. He knows he can’t win a conventional war.
>-If you are sick STAY at home
This! FFS. What about people that need to choose between eating and working?
Mosquitos take over the planet. Yep. Exactly what I was gonna say. Insect chaos .
Aren’t Shudra Dalit and untouchables same. No. Shudras are not really untouchables. Dalits though are. Shudras also faced Untouchability though, especially during the Peshwai in Maharashtra.
Also were outside it... ....that’s why I posted it.
There was always one mental kid who would go on it upside down. That was me!
It’s fun to feel the outward force gradually increase, and overtake gravity. You can move like Spider-Man before it reaches full speed and turn yourself upside down. Makes you well dizzy though.
If stupidity doesn't get them first. wouldn't really say being prepared for a possible supply chain disruption is stupid... it not like toilet paper expires.
Can't remember the title, basically a guy is up for a promotion, so him and his wife have the boss over for dinner and they are talking about the promotion. The husband notices his boss looking at his wife and he convinces her to let the boss do her in the kitchen to get the promotion. He sits in the dining room while it happens. Well...... He doesn't get the promotion, husband kills himself, the lady gets back to the guy by sleeping with dudes son and getting him into a lot of trouble. The scene in the kitchen was what messed me up the most. Think the name of the movie was "Scorned" or something. Just that description is enough. Pass.
Trump took whatever deal to cut bait in Afghanistan so he can campaign on it for re-election. Doesnt matter to him how it effects everyone else who has been part of this situation.
This will be terrible from India. A bunch of terrorists will be released. Now a decent amount of them will try to join the mainstream and seize power through the government. However there will be a large amount of brutes who are too radicalized or not competent enough to be part of the government. So what happens with them. Well alot of them will be recruited by the ISI for Kashmir. 
Remember the late 80s-90s when battled hardened jidahis rolled in from Afghanistan. Yeaaaah well the Modi government in their eternal wisdom gave Kashmir the middle finger at the worst possible time. Thankfully border crossings are much better controlled however we depended on a lot of information from locals to prevent terrorism and I just dont see them willing to cooperate. No prisoners are being released, Ghani Said.
My almost 90yr old dad is in A&amp; E in  @USER #UHL He arrived by ambulance at 10pm having had a cardiac issue at home... WHY THE HELL is it ok to have him then sit in a chair for 7hrs (and counting) waiting 2 b seen by a doc &amp; getting more and more anxious by the minute? ???? @USER  @USER Elaine this is the norm in there  @USER can you help with this???
@USER Bore bad…normal day to sit with guys drink. @USER  @USER And eat achu.
> A motel on the New South Wales South Coast has charged a guest $50 for writing what it described as a "defamatory" review.
> 
> Sharon Graham spent two nights at the Mollymook Ocean View Motel last week, and gave the motel a score of six out of 10 on the website Booking.com.
> 
> Ms Graham said the location was good but a bit noisy, and that she was unsure whether the motel offered daily room service.
> 
> "I thought it was quite a fair review," Ms Graham said.
> 
> Ms Graham was shocked when, having checked out, she received a second invoice which listed a $50 credit card fee for leaving a "false review" online.
> 
> The motel said the $50 will be refunded when the review is taken down.
> 
> "Social media bookings false review will be refunded if removed within 24 hours," the invoice read.
> 
> Motel management claimed the review was misleading and harmed the business's public image.
> 
> "The score is not even close to the average rating," the motel said. Hopefully enough people see this that the motel owners feel the consequences of their actions.
The fact my anxiety manifests as irritability, resulting in me sometimes being a dick to people I care about. hey someone else commented about anxiety!
मनपसंद शक्स की कमी कोई नहीं पूरी कर सकता
दुनिया की कोई ऐसी ताक़त नहीं है.. जो कर सके।
#pransprady #pradumnupadhyay #kb3. @USER मेरे कहने का अर्थ है की सोच ही एक ऐसा माध्यम है जिसके जरिये आपकी ये कमी पूरी हों सकती है.
Best dance/rave club you went to?? @USER The Arches.
I’ve never been very liquorice at puns so I won’t bother trying. Deep.
The #stage3taxcuts blab fest continues on your ABC #afternoonbriefing #InsidersABC #TheDrum there's no other news. @USER  @USER Such lazy journalism.
Because the last generation was Gen. Z and there’s no where to go past that, so we gotta start from the beginning. but we should have just named the first generation "Alpha" instead of doing it now.
Q9. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 front camera?
A. 10MP
B. 5MP
C. 8MP
D. 12MP
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q9) A. 10MP ?

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
Guys new and doesn’t know our first language is english, probably that. Could be confusion over the EU Irish English thing ?
 URL.
@USER Won’t happen, it’s the biggest of bluffs in regards to what’s going on at the minute - countries like china don’t want to see that happen because of business so i suspect it’s just the only threat people take seriously. @USER Hope you’re right mate but a threat is a threat and these people in power are literally insane.
The lack of testing is a bit concerning. I know the tests are expensive but I think it would be worth doing a random sample on people with influenza-like symptoms. Better safe than sorry. I think a random sample of all people arriving at the airport would be more informative.
May you have the money people often think you have ?? @USER Amen ?
Oh my god ... i never thought i would use the F word to describe the fascination my hindu brothers have for Gau mutra ....
My heart is beating out of my chest, my eyes clouded by pouring sweat,  my hand trembles as I type this ..... IT IS JUST A FILTHY  FFFF EEE TTT IIIIII SSSSS HHH .... there i said it .... Daymmm.
What is everyone giving for 50th Birthday Party pressies? Money? €50 in a card? @USER I got vouchers for shops and for the Bluebook hotels… had great fun spending them although I still have a few left due to the pandemic… all still redeemable thankfully ?
Still think these ought to be nuclear powered. Getting nuclear licencing for Pompey would never happen. They are also too big to get into Guzz and Faslane.
@USER  @USER  @USER yes, this is great!! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Jane! X.
PolitiFact "fact-checked" President Trump almost 6 times as often as they do Joe Biden.

Now you know why Americans don't trust fact-checkers. @USER Because trump lies 30x more often than Biden. Pretty simple, really.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER ये हिन्दुत्ववादी नाम मात्र की सरकार है।  हिन्दुओं के हित मे कौन सा काम किया है ??
हमारा देश धर्म प्रधान देश है।  जहां साधु संतों का आदर नहीं, वह देश कैसे वास्तविक तरक्की कर सकता है।
जहाँ चीतों का स्वागत और असमय गायों को मारा जा रहा है, धिक्कार है।.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I’m at the same game visiting from Manchester ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER if you need someone to share a taxi...
Try posting in /r/helpmefind. Done with embaressing typo.
DEAR MEDIA: Please devote EQUAL time to Raphael Warnock as you are giving to Herschel Walker. You're giving Walker all the free coverage you gave trump back in 2016. STOP IT.

DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKES. @USER Imagine being this fake.
Lowest point was probably the year after high school. My parents had divorced and my mom moved out first after keeping me on lockdown because she found out I was dating a girl. Then my dad moved out to live with my now step mom. I went from having no freedom at all to having absolute freedom, and I did not handle it well. I did a lot of drugs and drank a lot of alcohol. Most of the time, the only consumables in the house wee ramen and booze. I didn’t even care about taking care of myself because I was drunk or high all the time. 
I think the highest point is now. I bought a house last September, got out of an unhappy marriage, my teenager is absolutely thriving, I’ve got a decent paying job, published two novels, and I got back together with that same girl I dated twenty years ago. Things are going really well now. I am really fucking happy for you dude.
@USER I also noticed her at Daw Bari. Infact, all the photographers who went there to shoot Durga Puja has noticed her too because she's such a cutie. ? 

Loved the photograph! @USER You were there that day? This was during Soshti morning?
Be the change you want to see, don't just moan. Brainless comment.
I had a pal who often went out drinking on a Friday. She told me she’d spotted a new Chinese takeaway that had opened in the last couple of months, and planned to stop in and pick up some drunk food.
When she arrived, the staff greeted her by name and asked if she wanted the usual. She had no recollection of ever having been there but curiosity got the better and said yes please.
The usual was a set meal for 4. 
She had never had leftovers or even containers at her house, and her husband said she’d never come home with any Chinese, so the only logical conclusion is that she sat on a bench and ate a 4-man Chinese drunk and alone before returning home, on more than one occasion. I feel like if I'm getting blackout drunk, I'm going to be checking what I've spent money on. I guess she may have paid in cash though.
By slashing oil production during an international energy crisis, Saudi Arabia is aiding Russia's war on Ukraine and adding to pain at the pump.

Continued U.S. dependence on Saudi Arabia is a threat to our national security.

And our dependence on oil is a threat to our planet. @USER And now the Saudi own America's largest oil distillation plants.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. So what's the conspiracy theory? Why would this behavior occur?
Internal matter? ...But India is a signatory to the universal declaration of human rights?..Isnt it ? Question here is , is citizenship a right of  a migrant? .
Whe have a constitution defining the citizenship.
Constitution will take precedence over UNHRC  in terms of deciding on citizenship as unhrzc declaration is nonbinding and we are a sovereign country.
A Day In The Life or Baba O’ Riley? @USER Beatles.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER Scary times John.
Viceland on  @USER is currently screening a doco on the IS brides. Many of the hard core are giving the IS finger sign and continue to be ISIS supporters. The interviewer has protection as some of the brides are lethal. And  @USER wants them to come here. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks I'll take a look on SBS on Demand.
Yes South Park-Simpsons. Cartoons more crossover than reference but it count i guess.
Hey aamir sir, we lost 42 lives in the national capital. 5 years ago, he did speak. He has learnt from that experience.
Launched from Lough Ree, Westmeath about twenty five minutes ago. @USER Hope you have a successful mission and all return safely.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER How many can you get? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER DIVERSE
REWIRE
CREEDS

(I can't see anything else for the last one!).
I’ll be 62 in 15mins #Ians62. Ian. @USER  @USER Ready on your mark … get set … now RUN away lol ?
Gay bar? I mean worked for my friend, or you can have a friend talk to another friend. Meet over social media, perhaps. The nearest gay bar is like an hour and a half away. Haha. I’m trying the social media thing. My marriage just ended and I didn’t come out as bisexual until we were already committed and now I’m just trying to see what’s out there I guess.
@USER U said they re supportive. @USER They're supportive in some things and not in some.
to all my friends who are going thru it or down bad, it gets better. 

not for me, shit is bonkers out here, you’ll be fine tho. @USER I've never me your Gabe, but I've been a fan of your music for a long time now after hearing about you from Flip, Prozack, Stretch and Design. I genuinely believe tings will get better for you. You made some of the best hip-hop of my formative years. To me you're a legend. ✊.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER Hahaha.
#ToryBrexitDisaster 
#ToryCorruption 
#ToryCostOfGreedCrisis.
Meh buy a bottle of Vodka or Gin and mix it with some Palmolive dish soap, "Madge our soaking in it". Metho is good enough, amazing how dumb people are at reading labels!
I load a couple of spray bottles and spray and wipe everything. I even have a bottle at work and i squirt every door handle and even the dunny seat and door handles.
Then theres Whiteking  that is used in every  air locked medical research institute and is known to kill anything. It was proven the most effective in AIDS wards over other super killer cleaning products. Good old bleach.
Who is ROOTING for Beto O'Rourke to be the NEXT Governor of Texas? ✋? @USER ?
Sapien says, “tomorrows exam can fuck off.”. Then tomorrow exam fucks Sapien in the ass.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER is there anything any of you could do to raise the issue of a seriously delayed child renewal ; holiday booked since 2019 &amp; fly 2/7 and no urgent slots available at midnight on any night ! We can't be the only ones. After 2 months,1 week &amp; 3 days our child renewal has gone to print @PassportIRL.???? We had finally secured an urgent appointment (after a full day of clicking refresh)for this afternoon . Typical. Thanks to customer service for your help. Now to wait for the post. Thankful.
The Vogon ships hung in the sky in exactly the same way that bricks don't. This is still probably one of my favourite lines.
It's great for the environment and people who live out in the bush. But being realistic, it's only a short break from when the season resumes. This is the new normal. It's only how much of it is uncontrollable. This was horrible for the environment 
Millions possibly billions of animals have died
Small fires are indeed good for the environment but huge fires like this are not.
@USER  @USER I just saw them in MN and they didn't play it :(. @USER  @USER They came to Chicago around Christmas last year and rocked a small venue with it. I just wanna hear it again! How was the show in Minnesota?
ଅର୍ଚନା ନାଗ ସର୍ବଦଳୀୟ ବୁଦ୍ଧିମତୀ ମହିଳା ଟିଏ ଥିଲେ
ବିଜେଡି,ବିଜେପି, କଂଗ୍ରେସ ସବୁ ଦଳର ନେତାଙ୍କ ସହ ସମ୍ପର୍କ ସ୍ଥାପନ କରି ରଖିଥିଲେ
ଯାହା ଫଳରେ ଏତେ ବଡ଼ ଘଟଣା ଉପରେ ଏବେ କେହି କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ  ଆନ୍ଦୋଳନ କରିବେନି
ସମସ୍ତଙ୍କର ତ ଏଠି କେଂ,କିଏ କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ କହିବ....?? @USER Jaha kahile ddy …
Ebe women reservations uthijiba darkar.
Get fucked. I’m Irish American, she’s right to march by me.
And I’m as Irish as you, bro. You don’t have to be Irish to be Irish. And you don’t have to be Irish to be Irish either. Nan and Pop were born and raised in Ireland and Dad always taught me I was Irish. The Irish never stop being Irish. Why do you think we march in those parades anyway?
EDIT: I’m leaving this here and you guys can downvote it to hell, like I give a shit. It’s not up to you if I’m Irish or not. I know I’m Irish and I’ve got the passport to prove it. If you have a problem with that, you gotta open your fucking eyes and stop being so goddamn judgemental. Fucking telling people they’re not Irish, shame on you. >And I’m as Irish as you, br
You're American ?
@USER I agree with you but interesting that both my kids (8&amp;7) LOVE the home shirt and suspect that’s more relevant than one 40-something and another 50-something…! @USER  @USER ❤️❤️❤️.
@USER Personally, the rankings are flawed for all three tours. Pgatour is rated too highly, European tour too low and LIV should have realised it would take time for them to get on it. Think the picture will be clearer in 12 months. @USER  @USER How can LIV expect ranking pints when they play a completely different format (easier) than the rest of the other tours.
“I personally thought it was a good idea.” —Mitch McConnell on the illegal and immoral transporting of migrants. @USER  @USER just for the record: YOU ARE NO LEADER! Shame on you!
India is a rogue nation of RSS Hindutva. ISIS if it was Hindu basically.
@USER  @USER Thought the exact same a few weeks ago arriving into it. Dublin Airport is a proper kip on the arrivals side. @USER  @USER  @USER Kip on all sides.
Its absolutely shite. Right thanks for your opinion stated as fact. I thought it was incredible and thoroughly enjoyed my time there. Perhaps you and I have different things that interest us eg I enjoy reading, learning and creating, and you enjoy banging stones together.
I don’t know in what world people are living in where they believe #Ukraine is winning this war. The media are full of shit. #NATO involvement is literally their only life line and that can’t run forever without boiling over - which I would argue is happening already. This has been begging for a global conflict from the start. The media narrative is complete propaganda on all sides. The machine is hungry and it’s overdue. It needs blood and treasure to keep the beast fed. Been that way for centuries. Allegiance is not always a binary choice.
Trained or untrained? Trained. For maximum efficiency.
Iaintwotuthink is a genius lady. Dalali karna band karo
band karo
band karo.
Can anybody shed any light on the following two charges, when booking tickets online for Bord Gáis Energy Theatre:
1. Facility Charge per ticket 
2. Service Charge per ticket
What exactly are these charges?
Why the heck are we paying them whilst booking online?
Thank you. @USER I have no idea. They've done it to me at the Helix every time I've booked online and I've just paid up. I've resented it but I've paid. Maybe it's time we all got stroppy.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER Entertaining house guests! I feel glad when people have gone and I can get back to just doing my own thing.
Do you think Saudi Arabia is our ally?

YES or NO? @USER No.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER  @USER Good for you!
उदास फिरता है,
मोहल्ले में बारिश का पानी,
कश्तीयां बनाने वाले बच्चे
मोबाइल से इश्क कर बैठे।. @USER Right ? sir #sonusoodsuperhero.
No, I will not give into the desire to mock a has been with negative opinions about current Star Trek, but I really do wonder what someone’s life is like when they spend it barfing gatekeeping nonsense on the internet. @USER He is literally the Fox News of fandom &amp; the person *most* in need of being quoted lines like —

SPOCK: “Are we so old that we have outlived our usefulness?”

&amp;

KIRK: “Come now, Mr. Scott. Young minds, fresh ideas. We must be tolerant!”

— if only he could grasp their meaning.
Ive got respect for that, I can do canwick and lindum hill but not steep. Well played. Steeps not even the worst of it, try Motherby Hill. Ouch.
What is a quote from a fictional character that has stuck with you ever since? @USER "never ever say never ever" Macgruber giving advice to a "rookie' before creating a distraction by confronting the enemy -naked with celery up his bum.
@USER Good morning Lee again...I voted early already...all blue since Nixon...everybody please plan your blue vote now..the GQP MagaQ crowd are already promising horrible things if they take power... @USER Awesome.
I received my mail in ballot couple days ago.
3 of my ex colleagues from my previous company quit yesterday, 2 I was on very good terms with, including a guy that was among the top performers who couldn't handle the politics any more.
Meanwhile David de Gea (and Jordan Pickford) are collecting their paychecks.
Another mate (my bestie at work and said top performer's roomie) just spilled the beans today on why HR encouraged me to quit during probation period itself so he could save 185000 for the company.
Sucks. Sales role me sab performance based hi hota kya? like CGPA in college?
Did something last night I never did before while out in Dublin: asked a girl if she's okay going home with the man she was with.

As I was walking behind the couple, I noticed how utterly demeaning he was to her in what he was saying to her and a red flag went up in my mind. @USER Good for you your a gentleman she was lucky she had you to watch over her.
Chuck them over here for a taste test. They should arrive in time for next Sunday’s roast!
Looks awesome. Makes me want a cup of Cottee’s Coola cordial. There’s not much that doesn’t make me wanna make a Coola. It is THE taste of summer nostalgia.
on tonight’s episode of parenting:  I have shattered my child’s little heart into pieces by explaining that she is not, in fact, my little sister ? @USER Okay but that is adorable!  Poor little sweetie though. Children’s minds are awesome!
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Classy morning with roses and jasmine ??? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected My Dear Ma'am,

Very Very Good Afternoon ????

Thank You and Same To You Too Also ????

Happy Tuesday ????

Have A Blessed Day ????
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Oh I love picnics #theruffriderz. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hellow, Bunty! #theruffriderz.
We need more hydro. I mean look at all of the opportunities to relieve flooding, control levels and generate power at the same time. Yeah but stopping sediment delivery downstream is bad news for coastal deltas and can lead to subsidence. Also disastrous for fish.
@USER Why is this news! @USER  @USER Not for me. Dislike animal racing &amp; gambling &amp; have no idea who she is.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I don't even think he's dead. There's a bunch of shady shit with his autopsy and he could've easily faked his death.
I live in a hostel and I am really pissed about using a common bathroom. I can understand ? proper and regular cleaning of bathroom should be their priority.
" continues to rise " ..... It went from 1 to 2 !!! I came here to post that. That's not exactly "continuing to rise" ?
Usually in a car with 12 doors, all of which need to be slammed. Number of times that my son is woken by some prick who doesn't even live in our road (claims he is allowed to park there because his mum lives about 200 yards down the road and he has to leave his noisy diesel van there for safety reasons) is beyond belief. I have been out and had this out with him and he now parks outside some other poor saps house.
@USER Lol I’m Indian… would hate if I got cancelled for my race ☹️. @USER  @USER Imagine that. ??‍♀️.
@USER Good morning!! Have a wonderful day ?? @USER Thank you Nati! You too!??
Biryani and icecream for lunch. Sunday done right bois and grills. Day well spent already 
Niice :).
LADZ! I just watched ‘House of Gucci,’ - I know you all loved it…. but lord! It is NOT good. @USER Haven’t seen it but out of curiosity I want to lol.
What a twat. How so.
@USER Le niveau anglais ainsi que la faune et la flore la plus violente recenser sue terre. @USER Je suis aller en nz avec un niveau 0 et j’en suis ressorti quasi bilingue, c’est justement le but

Faune et flore fait être au courant je peux pas nier ça, mais historiquement les mort/problème sont ultra rare maintenant.
Maybe that it's all devil stuff. I'm like "punk, there's Christian metal too." Lol. Yeah- I myself am a satanist and listen to metal so it dosen’t help the stereotype but like yeah. There is Christian metal and many songs who include God and Jesus in general.
How tf people keep travelling all the fucking time? Paisa ugate he shayd.
Fuck carlow they beat me in the feile when I was 13. They all looked like 30 year old men. We have to win a match in football some how.
Fixtures matter of course, but Leicester's haven't been great either.

You could maybe say they've been a *little* unlucky.

You could also say that Iversen probably deserves a chance... @USER My old man’s a Leicester fan and can’t believe that iversen hasn’t been given a chance yet.
@USER Housing all the uncontrolled clinical risk in one place harms patients and clinicians. @USER It’s very convenient for everyone else though.
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER Both, but if I have to choose, jail.
Indian parents force their kids to study 16 hrs/day, force them to take tuition, spend lakhs on coaching so they score 90% but never prepare them for #stress, #anxiety, #depression they experience after losing seat to someone scoring 50%. Sadly, Equality exists only in books. @USER Talent is like water and it will find its own level … yes it’s pain but their is no gain without pain and that’s y they say when going gets tough, tough gets going so don’t worry as reservation will always make us stay ahead with hard work.
I understand only criminal charges show up, and hypothetically if it did mention anything they look at the nature of what occurred e.g. speeding fine NBD, but serious crimes (murder) would be an issue. An admission to a psychiatric unit might be viewed as beneficial to the school because you would have lived experience which is valuable. > .. but serious crimes (murder) would be an issue. 
Shur I'll throw in the application and see how it goes.
Just stand still and make them walk around you. Arseholes. Even better if they're on their phone and not looking, then with luck they'll cannon into you and drop their life sucking bit of plastic. If they’re on their phone and not looking but coming straight towards you, don’t change direction. They usually look up and move about 2-3 seconds before walking into you.
Panic buying. It’s the same in Canberra and Gundagai and Melbourne. Overbuying is a self fulfilling prophecy and will cause a food supply shortage. Not good. will wait until I hear that ScoMo has left the country for Hawaii before I panic buy anything.
I called rakes, rape. Wow, that's unfortunate. But also pretty funny ?
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. If they had the capacity for reason, they wouldn't be bhakts. Save your time, ignore him.
@USER  @USER  @USER For the sake of my relationship I’m not going to tell him you’ve tweeted him this ? @USER  @USER  @USER Forget it! I've just WhatsApped him the link. You may cancel whatever plans you've made for the rest of 2022. And possibly beyond. ?
@USER  @USER They're all crooks sooner they are held to account the better im sick of the lot of them. @USER  @USER No one seems to care ??‍♀️ who will hold them to account? They’ve literally got away with murder.
Watching Chernobyl for the first time. @USER The series?   It’s incredible.
I’d pay your mother to have sex with me. Then I would invest the remaining 7 dollars. Lmaooo.
While our scientist are not excited to work on it, US has already patented it :   URL  
 URL. Sir, You can even get a patent for minor changes in Mickey Mouse, then this is a by-product of a cow, with a potential market for India. Why wouldn’t they do that?
As an american dealing with the cheeto, is the Irish president generally well supported? It's easy to be a well liked President in Ireland, as the role is mainly ceremonial. That said, Michael D is particularly well liked. To the point where the entire country refers to him by his first name out of affection. 
The Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar is the one most equivalent to the US president. He's not well liked, and recently lost a general election. They're trying to form a new government as we speak, but basically he and his party were voted out.
From the U.S.  and I know no one that drinks milk.  Not one person.   A weird take sir. Up here in my pseudo-hillbilly corner of the Rockies, our Safeway has an entire cooler section just for the 1 gallon jugs of whole milk. It’s a staple of 90% of everybody I know’s fridge and unofficially, it’s our number one hangover cure, too. If a friend opens his door holding a gallon of milk, I know he’s in the middle of regretting the night before. My ex and I broke our refrigerators middle shelf because of the combined weight of his 2 gallons of 2% and my 2 gallons of whole milk that we bought weekly. (No, neither of us were or are obese. Lol)
I once laughed with a friend of mine at his Dad for offering his deck builders milk while they worked in 90°f (32.2°c) heat. 3 guys took him up on his offer, choosing it over Gatorade. 
In shop class in highschool, I built a 1/2 gallon milk container holder with a handle for my Nanna because she was struggling to lift them anymore.  Our local restaurants have giant milk chillers next to the waitresses soda stations. 
I dunno what part of the U.S. you’re from but milk is... MILK, here. Haha.
Nothing helps a national response better than further defunding the apparatus of state. /s
Up the dole and other welfare payments if you want to do anything reactive. They’re people who will be most impacted by economic issues (including people who may find themselves on it if this turns to a recessions) and by nature of necessity will be spent to circulate in the economy. > Up the dole and other welfare payments if you want to do anything reactive.
Ha, funny joke.
This government will never do that sort of thing, it'll bring forward trillions of dollars in tax cuts to the wealthy before adjusting support payments in a positive direction.
I'm sure the government is aware that giving money to the 'lower class' will put money back into the economy and especially the retail sector but it'll never happen unless something huge happens to reshape internal LNP policies.
I expect to see more 'corporate socialism/welfare' before we get any sort of change that helps the 'little person'.
I was scared initially because I wasn't sure how the stock market would react.  I lost money when the stock market dropped massively in the past few weeks.  Got out of those positions, switched mindsets, and now I'm back to making money.  In fact, coronavirus spreading has actually benefitted me.  Not saying that is a good thing, just trying to make the most of a bad situation. I have had people comment about the economy and i agree with you, while other parts dropped massively other parts rose, however i am interested to know now what your oppinion is on the actual virus and a possible mass outbreak?
Ah, looks like BJP is going to lose Bengal as well.
This man loses the BJP elections in every state he interferes in, and then tries to bribe MLAs. I hope so. I know there are a lot of Hindutva trolls online but I've noticed a lot with Bengali names, and they don't look uneducated/unemployed.
@USER There was plans, they've been bumped for the fire ? ?? @USER Don't blame ya. Tis miserable out!
You know those absolute, defining moments of being young that you just remember here forever, I had one here. 
Myself, sister and parents sat in the front garden of this place with a live band. Late summer sun going down, live music, just life suspended as it was in that moment. happy cake day.
This is really sad. These guys are effectively neutral and independent and provide primary news to most other media organisations. That’s why the real people who control this country deemed they had to go.
I know it’s dumb but I’m truly convinced Jar Jar Binks was supposed to be the villain of the Star Wars prequels but George Lucas changed it at the last minute. He actually did because people hated jar jar.
Uneducated fucks.
This country's education system is a joke.
My toilet papers are at least useful to wipe ass. Those degrees are useless. Tell that to employers.    
And after u get a good job with ur toilet papers, make a post on reddit.
I think it's harder to make friends as you get older and most of your childhood friendships that you maintain into your 20s and 30s are built in those turbulent teenage years and nostalga plays a big part .
The best you can hope for is drinking buddies after work well that's as far as I will let myself get with work colleges. I’ve thought about thst myself but the unfortunate thing is most guys in my work are older than me, so there’s only so much I can do. Most don’t do anything after work.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER But its a Tory government now and has been for 12 years.. no need to imagine it happening now under them.
Today afternoon I plan to boost some accounts. Let me know if you want happy friday ?? @USER I’ll do you one better. I’ll follow you.
What are you a feminist? Ha classic feminist. Wanting to torture all cocks and balls.
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? Conservative. That's a nice way to spell fascists.
I take immunosuppressants for inflammatory bowel disease, do you know if that makes me more susceptible? It probably would, even the fact you have an autoimmune disease might. But I wouldn’t ever stop taking them, the reward here far outweighs the current risk.
Just keep regular hand hygiene and ask people around you that if they feel they may have been exposed or have any symptoms that they keep their distance from you if possible.
How do you feel about Puerto Rico becoming a state? @USER If that's their choice...probably the ones that makes the most sense....thinking about going down here...its a beautiful Island...beautiful people.
> A motel on the New South Wales South Coast has charged a guest $50 for writing what it described as a "defamatory" review.
> 
> Sharon Graham spent two nights at the Mollymook Ocean View Motel last week, and gave the motel a score of six out of 10 on the website Booking.com.
> 
> Ms Graham said the location was good but a bit noisy, and that she was unsure whether the motel offered daily room service.
> 
> "I thought it was quite a fair review," Ms Graham said.
> 
> Ms Graham was shocked when, having checked out, she received a second invoice which listed a $50 credit card fee for leaving a "false review" online.
> 
> The motel said the $50 will be refunded when the review is taken down.
> 
> "Social media bookings false review will be refunded if removed within 24 hours," the invoice read.
> 
> Motel management claimed the review was misleading and harmed the business's public image.
> 
> "The score is not even close to the average rating," the motel said. /r/TourismHell.
Maintain eye contact and keep going. “Smile and wave boys”.
Someday I'll buy myself a rolex oyster perpetual datejust. It’s a great watch. My dad gave me his vintage one as a gift to me.
Here’s us wearing our favorite watches at my wedding...
How the fuck has that anything to do with politics you nutjob. Not everything a politician does is related to their political life. How does the fuck does the minister for housings advisors husband being the Md of a company making millions out of the housing crisis anything to do with politics? 
Do you really want me to have to explain that to you?
Absolute whopper of a rookie mistake.. also, can’t wait 90seconds for your windscreen heaters to defrost it? Are you that important? Haha. >90seconds
Yeah, good one. Some cars take a lot longer than that. It's not unreasonable to look for a way to get it done quicker.
Heading offline soon.  I’ve dosed up on antibiotics for days, &amp; today I got my best relief for awhile.
Legs/feet haven’t blown up any further.
Today has been a good one, by my current level.
Reading your lovely tweets has made it even nicer.
If not back later, then tomorrow.
?? @USER Sounds a little better ?
9/11, no matter what you say or think, that was absolutely, 100% guaranteed... An inside, controlled demolition based, Governmental job. Think of the amount of people and coordination it would take to pull off something of that magnitude. Meetings, planning, logistics, coordinating travel, allocating resources, phone calls, emails and all those people totally cool commuting the worst terrorist attack in US history. Nothing of substance gets leaked, no one had a change of heart?
@USER  @USER Flop avesh khan still in playing 11 !! Should be dropped. @USER  @USER  @USER Agar Harshal fluke bowler wc me select ho sakta he to avesh series me kyu nahi khel sakta.
Anybody want to check /r/unitedkingdom to see if they have a shit fit about this traitorous act. Most Brits I know are fairly sound and if anything are more just uneducated about the not so nice parts of their history. Its them-uns up North that have a hard on for the Monarchy that I would be worried about.
Ayup me ducks.  It's approaching 6:30pm here in Minnesota.  Just had two cheese n beetroot cobs and ordered lots of biccies from Amazon. McVities dark choc digestive, plain HobNobs, Penguins and fruit shortcakes.   Had a multi pack of Hula Hoops and pickled onion Space Raiders last month.
Have you all had enough rain yet? Could just do a cheese and beetroot cob.
He may have a point.  Does it feature child abuse? Well, no, but also, yes
Eromanga Sensei (the series this guy was most disgusted by) is a weird show though. Its casually pedophillic, but its also mostly just cute as heck. Its about an extremely prolific light novel author who's a teenager (for some reason in this universe, basically every successful author ever is a teenager), who writes under a pseudonym and gets his books illustrated by an artist he only knows through the internet called Eromanga Sensei. ES is assumed to be an adult dude, because he's known for his very erotic art. Turns out ES is actually... his little [step] sister (who's like 12), who he hasn't seen in over a year despite living in the same house because after their parents died she refused to come out of her room. And, other than the main siscon thing, its about her slowly coming out and becoming almost socially functional. If you can ignore the sex jokes and the marriage proposal and that the girl molests a few other people for "artistic reference", you can almost treat it like a totally wholesome show about social anxiety
Its in the same universe as My Little Sister Can't Be This Cute (clearly the author of these has a type...), though in that show the sister is a lot, eh, bossier.
I have a secret fetish for fat girls <3. I honestly think that this is getting more popular, or at least it is becoming normalized. There's a reason thicc girls are a thing now.
@USER  @USER 
There is no such thing as an Ibibio kingdom and the Ibibios don't have a King. Go and verify! @USER  @USER  @USER So, who exactly is the monarch?
I can give you some silverfish if you want. Omg they are so gross. I know they are fairly harmless but they can get to infestation level pretty quickly. Best thing to get rid of them is diatomaceous earth. Few different places sell it. Super effective.
As an American I can’t believe people would allow themselves to searched so thoroughly just to get into a bar. Yeah sure a pat down for weapons for sure. Seems reasonable. But this guy was talking like they were going through people’s wallets. Seems strange to me. Wouldn’t want to go near a place that does this kind inspection prior to entry. yea its weird right? is it like this in most of the uk?
@USER Le niveau anglais ainsi que la faune et la flore la plus violente recenser sue terre. @USER Je suis aller en nz avec un niveau 0 et j’en suis ressorti quasi bilingue, c’est justement le but

Faune et flore fait être au courant je peux pas nier ça, mais historiquement les mort/problème sont ultra rare maintenant.
I'd be walking around South Park being called 'Sir Douchebag'.
So, about the same, with more snow. Stick of truth or fractured?
I live in a hostel and I am really pissed about using a common bathroom. I can understand ? proper and regular cleaning of bathroom should be their priority.
There was a discussion on twitter recently where income taxes across various wage levels were compared to other countries. It made it look like we tax more at higher incomes and less on lower earners than  other eu countries with better social services. Is there truth in this? 
It obviously excludes corporation tax. Not more on higher incomes. I think we tax roughly the same on high incomes as the nordic countries but less on low and middle incomes.
This is the first time I've ever seen Deed Poll written down. For 21 years of my life I've quitely and unsurely muttered 'Deepoll' whenever it's cropped up in conversation. r/boneappletea.
Not a great Stingray hunter though.... Yeah, that's true. He did say once that stingrays were a bit of a thorn in his side though.
Let me interview Fenriz on Hot Ones. @USER Signing off on this.
The only good offroading bikes in India right now in your budget are the KTM Adventure, RE Himalayan, Hero Xpulse and Bajaj Dominar. Though the dominar is not a full fledged off roader it is capable enough as it shares tye same underpinnings as its cousin KTM Duke . The BMW G310 ss is slightly over your budget, so is the KTM Adventure 390, both of these are slightly above 3 lakhs on road after local taxes but are more powerful than all the other options. The Himalayan comes in your budget and the newer 411cc BS6 ones are more reliable than the older BS4 ones, but with RE the problem is you never know when you might get a Lemon. That brings us down to Hero Xpulse whose 200cc engine is underpowered for off-roaders but is good enough in the city. 
If you are the gambling kind i would suggest the Himalayan, otherwise stick to any of the rest. Since you already owned a classic 500 you would be familiar with the temperament of a bullet. Thanks! I think I'm inclined towards the Himalayan, given everything I've read here and on other sites. I'm in India now and will probably visit a KTM showroom or two, though, just to get a feel for the 390. 
I'll check out the BMW G310, just since a few folks have recommended it. It looks to be at the top end of my budget, but there's a chance I may have enough money--my language program is fully funded and comes with a stipend, so if I can save enough money for a BMW, I can get one. 
However, I do have to wonder how practical it'd be to get one fixed on the fly. The big advantage of Enfields, at least in my experience, is that just about any mechanic in India can fix one in a relatively short period of time. 
I've actually had much better luck with REs in India than overseas, in part because a lot of the problems I had were exacerbated by higher average speeds in the U.S.
@USER Clare were lucky today. The subs made a big impact. Too many times Clare didn't get the rub of the green but had it today. A good situation for Clare as that game will have grounded them prior to KK semi. @USER Couldn't agree more. Even during the game for large stretches, they'd no luck. Two of Wexford's goals were free outs for instance. But they kept their heads which is great to see. They'll be sharper for it the next day.
@USER You can't hide those lion eyes. @USER Yes, I know a contraction is cheating.
No shit hardly wore a jumper for more a week or two last "winter". I wore shorts all winter here in Coffs.
That absolute cunt Emperor Commodus in Gladiator. You can FEEL the knife go In.
28F is old? What the fuck is wrong with the society today?
Tinder is for fuck boys like us. Would be hard to get what you’re looking for but it’s not impossible.
Aisle is paid and so the crowd is more serious. Yup planning to try Aisle!
Philadelphia is where it's at, we're gay af. Yes we’ve seen 76ers fans.
I had a pal who often went out drinking on a Friday. She told me she’d spotted a new Chinese takeaway that had opened in the last couple of months, and planned to stop in and pick up some drunk food.
When she arrived, the staff greeted her by name and asked if she wanted the usual. She had no recollection of ever having been there but curiosity got the better and said yes please.
The usual was a set meal for 4. 
She had never had leftovers or even containers at her house, and her husband said she’d never come home with any Chinese, so the only logical conclusion is that she sat on a bench and ate a 4-man Chinese drunk and alone before returning home, on more than one occasion. I feel like if I'm getting blackout drunk, I'm going to be checking what I've spent money on. I guess she may have paid in cash though.
@USER Gotta get those clicks. @USER Think they just don't have time to digest the slew of online content.
with Medical stuff I think. Care to elaborate?
Why do men stare at women? Women do the same thing in blink of an eye, where as men stare for so long... why? men have slow visual processing? ? @USER Never thought in this direction. ?
Judging by the tractors tyres it's not really that deep. Seems like it would be really easy to bottom out. True, but they probably would have been ok but for the waves created by the tractor which caused them to jump and one jetski to lose a part ( probably bottomed out as you mentioned).
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER I do a very good Ruth imitation so if you need a sister the Langmores didn’t know they had…….
How much are people using? I use it for work, after each shift. Have this massive bottle, used basically none of it and been using it for months. Are they washing their whole bodies with it? 100% these will show up for sale on fb marketplace and gumtree soon with killer markups.
Having a big butt. Nah it’s always been attractive, people just say it proudly now.
Guy is my longtime fb friend. Very measured and rational person. Goes to show what happens to you if you criticize the PM or his riotous followers if you don't have any political backing and you live in BJP ruled state. At his point your best bet is to lay low and work and when the opportunity arrives emigrate.
In general, the Irish don't do big expressive celebrations like that. Seems like more an American thing? 
We're too shy. I dunno man, I'd be sweating at the thought of finding a tenner.
I wonder how this changes the income of sellers. I'd always assumed that the cash you pay them was theirs minus a deduction for the cost of the magazines themselves. Do they receive payslips now? Have they always received payslips? Does the money that gets paid by card credit their bank account? So many questions. I'm pretty sure they get the magazine's for free and all the printing costs are covered by adverts and they get to keep all the money they make from selling them.
I really don't get the toilet paper thing. Buying an extra pack or 2? Sure.
But entire fucking trolleys? What do these cunts eat and how long do they expect lock downs to last?
Don't most people already have a week's worth at the minimum anyway? Perhaps they assume that one of the symptoms is shitting. Certainly had flu go that way in the past.
A different girls name, i called her Rachel and that was my-ex, she wasn't over the moon. Ross?
Look I don't trust Nehru
He never in a single interview revealed how he eats mangoes. It was never about mangoes. 
&#x200B;
Nehru on June 29,1949
&#x200B;
" If we do not increase the production then in the matters of crop we will be dependent on others. For the matters of food, we do not want to dependent on other nations. That's why we have to solve the problems of production in food immediately. We have to reduce this deficit that happens due to us buying the food from foreign countries. We have decided that by 1951 we will be self reliant on crops. We will not import them after 1951".
@USER Wow!  Just Wow! ??? @USER ❤️??

Thanks as always xx.
Let the events of the last two weeks banish any suggestion that Scotland isn't a vital and integral part of the United Kingdom. @USER I’d sooner banish you, you total numpty!
Liked one tonight at the home deck. Thought Zarem was ready to win. Wish I saw the $10! @USER 28 percent deductions.
No tik tok, no emojis and is actually funny. When we see emojis on Reddit, we wash em out.
ଦୁର୍ନୀତି ମୁକ୍ତ ସମାଜ ଲଢ଼େଇ ପାଇଁ ସେ ଚିରସ୍ମରଣୀୟ ରହିବେ।?

Paying homage to eminent freedom fighter, Bharat Ratna #LokNayak #JayaprakashNarayan on his birth anniversary. The socialist leader will always be remembered for his relentless fight for social justice, ...2. corruption free society &amp; democratic values.?
Small correction, shes bi not gay.
The bi community really hates being written off as gay or ignored. Of course they do....
@USER If I’ve read the press notes correctly doesn’t he get free coffee for a year or something for being there first? @USER That's right. Still, very impressive.
@USER that’s the best coffee you could get in Melbourne?

I’m insulted. @USER i was in a hurry, don’t cancel me for this.
Because the last generation was Gen. Z and there’s no where to go past that, so we gotta start from the beginning. but we should have just named the first generation "Alpha" instead of doing it now.
Hii

Good morning ❤️? @USER Mere pss masg karo..!
Did no-one tell the Laois folk there was supposed to be more than just the name? Whoever did Cork's one is letting down the team too. I mean, come on, we're the biggest county! They had the most stone to work with! The potential was there!
So ... in wallet, in pocket, in pocket.
Not exactly master criminals, are they? I remember years ago my mate had a lighter that you could stash stuff in. It worked and everything. Thing is though, I never once remember getting searched going in to a bar or club in Sheffield.
Goddamn leftist greenie terrorists are LITERALLY changing the seasons. What next? FFS. This is what happens when you don't rake the leaves.
If you could “Delete” anything from your past, what would it be? @USER Meeting a person ?
OMG! How many ads, external and internal links can you add on one article!!!!!!
India times : Infinite, the number is infinite. If you’re not using an adblocker in 2020 then you’re exposing yourself to a crap load of unnecessary web tracking.
Some site has your number, the other has your email and they’re all following you around the web if your not using any kind of ad and tracker blocking.
So that happens is that these fuckers are teaming up and tracking what you do around the web. Then then send you ads, emails, try to manipulate you with their ads and worse, try to scam you.
Use ad and tracker blocking. That shit ain’t no joke anymore. Web is a nasty nasty place and advertisers are pooping all over it.
HIDE YO KIDZ, HIDE YO WIFE CUZ CORONAVIRUS GOIN' ROUND RAPING ERRYBODY. Haha, damn I forgot about that one.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Do you want them to betray their manifesto like the Tories do.
@USER  @USER What are your thoughts about  @USER wanting to grow game but then making the recent decision to lock out international subscribers from watching postseason games on @MLBTV? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I reckon !
I’d pay your mother to have sex with me. Then I would invest the remaining 7 dollars. Lmaooo.
Laugh scornfully and call them WhatsApp Baba.
If they persist, ask them "so what"?
Hindu or muslim, India is India. That's what I don't want to do. He is a reasonable person. I just want him to think rationally about this. But looks like he has made up his opinion by reading/hearing the same stuff being spread across India again and again. And I want to change his opinion about this by making a rational discussion.
I know everyone is saying don't give into the fearmongering by the media, but if you ask me it's pretty sensible to stay the fuck outta Dublin rn. The only two cases are there, and tho they've been "contained" there could be more, especially if they've only tested 392 people. It'll obviously get worse as the weeks go by, Paddy's day will be a melting pot for spreading it even further. It's not looking positive lads.
Fucking hell it's only March, can 2020 just fuck off? >  don't give into the fearmongering 
>but if you ask me it's pretty sensible to stay the fuck outta Dublin rn
....
2/ Daily Reading: Psalms 49-50; Acts 20:1-16. 3/ Memory verse: Daniel 9:3
“And I set my face unto the Lord God, to seek by prayer and supplications, with fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes:".
Nothing helps a national response better than further defunding the apparatus of state. /s
Up the dole and other welfare payments if you want to do anything reactive. They’re people who will be most impacted by economic issues (including people who may find themselves on it if this turns to a recessions) and by nature of necessity will be spent to circulate in the economy. > Up the dole and other welfare payments if you want to do anything reactive.
Ha, funny joke.
This government will never do that sort of thing, it'll bring forward trillions of dollars in tax cuts to the wealthy before adjusting support payments in a positive direction.
I'm sure the government is aware that giving money to the 'lower class' will put money back into the economy and especially the retail sector but it'll never happen unless something huge happens to reshape internal LNP policies.
I expect to see more 'corporate socialism/welfare' before we get any sort of change that helps the 'little person'.
My boyfriends arms. That’s really wholesome and sweet :).
I think bhakts are seeing the change in Indian politics and will change sooner than you think. Yes I have seen many bhakts transform. They were just blindly following but some of them are very frustrated inside. They do understand Modis hypocrisy but are too afraid to admit because their own ego comes with it. 
But if one shows clear evidence they can change. I have changed the mind set of my entire family. And it's a big thing because I come from a joint family and two of my family members are in BJP (you can imagine the hate on me ;) 
I'm very happy to say but except two or three most agree with.
@USER Yeah all up on site 2-1 joints Kildare and Romeo. @USER If Romeo gets 4 box he probably go 6/4.
Sometimes i do it on purpose when im in a bad mood. But when it happens to me i get annoyed. Hmmm...
Enjoy it while it lasts. Our government and the IMF are of the opinion that avoiding the next bubble crash without sufficient interest pliability will require negative interest rates which will only be viable if cash is removed from the system.  It has begun. Obviously the limit here is 10k for now, but that will decrease as is clearly stated, just like certain other countries. 
I like our new 50's, very cool, but my local car wash doesn't recognize new notes. You're supposed to wear the tin foil, not eat it.
The fact my anxiety manifests as irritability, resulting in me sometimes being a dick to people I care about. hey someone else commented about anxiety!
@USER  @USER 7464094674 plz phone pay number fever and money. @USER  @USER Plz brothers.
Town or county? because I live in Tullow. lad me too.
I’d fire him for going to Greggs period. Period? This isn't American Problems friend.
पहिला सेट उद्धव ठाकरे यांनी जिंकला आहे नक्की ! 

शिंदे गट अंगावर येऊन देखील उद्धव यांनी फक्त शिंदे गटाच्या शिंगात शिंग अडकवून त्यांनी सेट केलेल्या अजेंड्या पुरते मर्यादित राहायला नकार दिला? @USER Perfect…you nailed it….???
? I will never become full on vegetarian/vegan, BUT the more I expand my knowledge on improving nutrition &amp; overall health, the better that approach looks. As I dive more into health challenges that are prevalent within my family &amp; friends (heart disease, auto immune diseases, neurological diseases), research points to improving food choices for better nutrient density.
It's the Economic Benefits, stupid ! If you kill the Cows for the Beef....where you will get the in-demand, and nutritious Cow's Milk that you depend on - from ? > ! If you kill the Cows for the Beef....where you will get the in-demand, and nutritious Cow's Milk that you depend on - from ?
We don't breed separate cattle for meat in india. Beef comes from non productive cattle - cows that no longer produce milk and build that are no longer used in agriculture or transport. Cow economics depends on meat consumption to keep it viable. Don't listen me, read the works of the father of indian white revolution, varghese kurrien. Then ask yourself why farmers in up are locking up stray cattle in schools and government offices in record numbers after bhogiji's cow slaughter ban.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Home insurance. Named item. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Does that cover you when you're out and bike gets lifted?
@USER It’s hard not to bite against such arseholes to be fair, but people have to try.

Now Richard Keys is doing it to try and get clicks. The twatty journalist having a pop at Gabriel’s tweet the same recently. Straight from AFTV’s shameless ‘act like c**ts for clicks’ playbook. @USER I block and mute, most of the time it works. 

There’s loads of Arsenal that appear to want to see AFTV, talk ? and Sky only to rant back, it tedious and boring.
>The statement must be made in good faith and is a belief that a person of the same religion could reasonably consider to be in accordance with the doctrines, tenets, beliefs or teachings of that religion. This has been dubbed the “phone a friend” clause as the person only needs a single other person to vouch that the belief is part of their shared religion.
Nah, there's no way this could backfire spectacularly. Totally becoming a Satanist if this legislation goes through.
Hey!! Guess what!?!? Today is my wedding anniversary. Maybe I should celebrate by burning my marriage license?! @USER Only counts if it’s recorded and posted??
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER Untill, the body tells you - "inner peace".
There goes any hope of having any bandwith at all left over tomorrow. Plenty of capacity at INEX. 
If your ISP is shite, then either change, or harass them for a presence on INEX (If they are not there).
0800 double 0, ( fill in blank). Oh no...
If he’s in prison in Victoria, Box Hill Institute offer courses. Their teachers come into the prison and meet with prisoner and do lessons and then give them stuff to work on til their next lesson ect and they can get qualifications. Obviously the options aren’t huge but there’s a few good useful courses and if nothing else it’s something to pass time. Thanks but he is in NSW. I should have mentioned in my post.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. So what's the conspiracy theory? Why would this behavior occur?
All these people who start feeling dizzy, nauseous after 30 kms of car ride with or without AC should be considered as weaker section human civilization and be barred from travelling. Kick them out.
Claire Byrne deserves credit after the leaders debate. I thought she was unreal on that. People always say this after election debates.
"The real winner was the host!"
You have to really fuck up, like Matt and Ivan, to not come across well hosting debates like that.
@USER He’s blues apparently but either way it’s the most embarrassing attempt I’ve ever seen. @USER Why would you hit such a legend.
AFP is politicised and ASIO is criticised for warning of rightwing extremists. ASIO shouldn't be attacking the government.
#TrumpMeltdown Have they investigated Trump’s relationship to Jeffery Epstein yet? @USER Always going back to bill Clinton. Now look at 550 Arizona kids missing from the state cps. Pedophile.
so they can monitor all messages ? lmao
a SARKARI whats app what a joke. Did you even read the article?
> GIMS, which is currently under testing, will be used by govt departments for secure official communication.
As usual they're very informative. Stay away from the east of Ireland people. Is it the east of the Shannon, east of Kildare,  what are we gaging this on lads?
Do join  @USER and me on  @USER at 9 am. On all matters EU and of course Northern Ireland. 

And to all remainers who feared so chlorinated chicken but now want a deal with the US: Northern Ireland’s place in the UK trumps your new found sensibilities. @USER  @USER  @USER Remainers want a deal with the US? News to me....
#BrexitBrokeBritain.
I have a bidet so can ration toilet paper pretty well but I guess a lot of people can't :P I can understand why people might stock up on it if they're worried though, they'll eventually use it so not really a waste of money plus it's one of my worst nightmares to run out of toilet paper and I think I'm not alone in that fear. I typically do one poo each day, first thing in the morning before I take a shower. I wipe once then finish cleaning myself in the shower. A pack of toilet paper lasts me literally months.
My sister loved stealing my things and my brother loves beating me up. My parents only ever told me to “just deal with it or fight back”. If i fought back I’d just get more hurt. Speaking from experience, my brother was abusive to me and my sisters. Now, I just don't talk to him as much. I wish you the best.
Why the heck do people even do engineering from a 3rd tier college lmao? What else do you suggest them to do?
@USER  @USER I've seen jazz described as "appropriating black culture"... Where does influence end and "appropriation" begin? Not a trivial question. @USER  @USER  @USER “Can white guys play the Blues?”, and other assorted clichés?
There’s a sort of mini documentary on YouTube about him. I feel bad for the guy, not sure he likes the fame. Before, these people would have their 15 minutes of fame, maybe appear in a few magazines and TV programmes, then promptly be forgotten about.   
Now these videos hang around forever and are constantly linked to and referenced, so that 15 minutes of fame is extended in perpetuity.   
Good if you're famous for something admirable. Not so good if you're basically being laughed at by everyone.
@USER Looking good? @USER Thanks bro.
@USER  @USER But will Bill Bailey rock this same show in the snow though? ? @USER  @USER Yes but with harder nipples.
To All The Wonderful People Out There,

I am Looking for an opportunity in a Learning and Development entity.

I am a highly motivated and progress-focused Manager, Learning &amp; Development with a long-standing
background in this industry. With a track record of initiative and. dependability, I have devised strategic
initiatives which I believe will prove valuable.

Throughout the course of my career, I have perfected my training program improvement and curriculum
implementation abilities.
Seems to me that it's probably been spread in the dublin region but most people would not attend the doctor to be diagnosed if it was a minor cold. 
I can't see any real decisive action from the health officials until people start getting seriously ill. That's phase two if the containment fails actually! They prioritize only those who have serious symptoms and let everyone else ride it out.
@USER Nope you are not the least bit arrogant, idk but most people on Twitter is arrogant but not you. @USER Thank you ? All I do is laugh at someone by making a funny comment?
Been like that for weeks in Sydney. And Melbourne.
If they took 50 people, including you, and said they were going to shoot one of you at random, would you be scared? No I'd be dead,  I know my luck.
Legit question: if shit does hit the fan, can Muslim countries refuse to sell us oil? Or is our market just too big for that? We get most of our oil from Saudis and Iraq
Historically, has it ever happened? It wont go that far but in geo politics no one wants to get isolated...any indian diplomatic loss is pakistans gains...iraq is busy with ISIS and Saudi in yemen war....50 casualties in delhi riots is a small number for them 100s die every day in conflicts across middle east and they all are muslims. After our independence communal riots happened many times but things get back to normal, actually they have faith in India.
What was the first movie you saw at the cinema? @USER Jungle Book.
My kids want to know if they can  go on it (and queen elizabeth too) is this possible ? You needed to but tickets but they are all sold out now.
Ambo - Ambulance 
Divvy/ Divvy van - Police van 
Arvo - Afternoon 
Maccas - McDonald's 
Bonzer - Awesome
Dunny - Toilet 
Brekki/ breaky - Breakfast 
Goon - Cask wine 
Mozzie - Mosquito 
Sanger -  Sandwich 
Snag - Sausage 
Troppo - Crazy 
Don't piss in my pocket and tell me it's raining. Brekky is correct, I think. Breaky should be pronounced Bree-ki or Brake-y.
Queen or Prince? @USER Prince edged out Freddie.
सभी सबूतों को मद्देनज़र रखते हुए फैसला लिया जाता है कि बॉलीवुड के द्वारा बनाई जाने वाली सभी फिल्मो को बॉयकॉट किया जायेगा, सहमत हैं तो YES लिखकर पुरजोर समर्थन करें..??? @USER #No way ,no hatred please ,who are you to boycott now ?
@USER Oh dear what an awful ? thing to happen you didn't say wat happened and wat a beautiful tribute ? such a lovely video and song ❤ very tearful. @USER  @USER He went wrong during the race , looked like a leg break , very sad ?
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER  @USER Firmly secure wow is that like a prison secure I mean what about Democracy? What about Human rights?
Do Unionists not believe in such things? Or do they only apply if you're Not Scottish. I mean surely Scots decide their own Future or is that only outside the UK?
I pray the day will come when  'The Daily  Racist Express ' will get their karma too. @USER I shout A big AMEN.
Jimmy neutron an donkey Kong have the same haircut. Why would you say that with no context?
Mulayam empowered backward castes through ballot to reshape Hindi belt politics. His opposition to Ram Mandir movement culminated in firing upon Kar Sewaks yielding big political gains by yoking Muslims to Yadavs. But in the end he let Parivarvaad trump Samajvaad denting SP. @USER Aur RAM MANDIR K waqt  @USER  @USER  yeh donoh kaha the..
There should be a gaeltacht slasher movie that functions exactly like an American summer camp slasher only it's entirely in Irish. @USER But you can't swear in Irish... ???⚰️☠️?
@USER  @USER How did it go? @USER  @USER Was doing great until cramp got me, got me bad.
Wasn't it already contracted and sold years ago through backroom deals? I know people working in the industry and they knew about the privatization over a year ago. They sold off a few depots about 2 years ago (Leichhardt, Burwood, Kingsgrove and Tempe).
The government still owns Ryde, waverley, Botany, Brookvale, Randwick, Willoughby, North Sydney and Monavale.
Hacking. r/technicallythetruth.
In the end I’m not even profitable. My track record is a mess. I’m yet to break even but I believe in what I know. It’ll come through for me in the end. @USER This ?
@USER Sexi. @USER ???
You can see how this plays out:  @USER cuts swathes of taxes, mostly benefitting better off. Loses 2024 election (sewage/care homes/economy/NHS/sewage). Labour has to put taxes up to restore UK finances. Right wing press goes nuts. Tories get back in in 2028.. @USER  @USER Ah didn't see that. Still figuring out how bankers bonus will help us?.
Brumby bhai tu kitni garibi mein raha hai ki tere par koi ch€€nk bhi maare to tujhe bas "Haaye paisa, Haaye paisa" r0na aa jaata hai

Abe train mein "tum to thehre pardesi" gaata hua paisa maangta tha kya jo iske alawa kuch aata hi nahin

Community rejected them my ? 
? @USER No one will give him a dime..
Curse Zeus for making me a mortal. Damn you Zeus! Damnnnn yooouuu!!!!! ... Every morning.
@USER Gm ??? @USER GM GM ??
Have you seen the Cliffs of Moher? Yeah have u heard of 'the high man'.
My son ordered the same pizza from Dominos so often, that once when he changed his order slightly they rang him to see if they had made a mistake. But why did he change his order?
Watching Chernobyl for the first time. @USER The series?   It’s incredible.
isopropyl
YOLO, bb. I like the way you think.
Go for Dominar 400. Not as eye-catching as a KTM, or has a heritage as an RE; but is a reliable workhorse.
Great for curvy tarmacs, and high enough to do so decent off-roading, but don't expect it to be a full-fledged off-roader. Thanks! I've heard some good things about the Dominar. Will do a little more research, as I'm not familiar with it.
to all my friends who are going thru it or down bad, it gets better. 

not for me, shit is bonkers out here, you’ll be fine tho. @USER I've never me your Gabe, but I've been a fan of your music for a long time now after hearing about you from Flip, Prozack, Stretch and Design. I genuinely believe tings will get better for you. You made some of the best hip-hop of my formative years. To me you're a legend. ✊.
Look at all those chickens. We are.
The ABC stopped being “Our ABC” when they stopped doing original production in the regions.  It’s just a Sydney thing now. Population of NSW: 7.544 million
Population of Sydney: 5.23 million
Percentage of NSW residents who live in Sydney: 69.33%
Where would you do production on an ever diminishing budget to service the most people possible?
PolitiFact "fact-checked" President Trump almost 6 times as often as they do Joe Biden.

Now you know why Americans don't trust fact-checkers. @USER Perhaps Trump made six times the number of questionable statements.
To all the girls who have eyes on only one guy are the real princess ?? @USER I used to be that guy. 

But ever since I got married, I don’t get those looks, but the stares ?
What course is this? Applied Psychology and Social Studies.
@USER  @USER Getting a bit jealous now.     Lol. @USER  @USER Not too late! Lol. Still tickets for DST. Flights are available! ?
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Melbourne summer 2019-20 climate summary
"Both daytime and night-time temperatures were generally close to average at all reporting sites in Greater Melbourne" 
According to the above, temperatures were around normal and rainfall was above average. Maybe you are already used to above average summers from the past few years, so a summer in line with the historical average feels cold to you? Or the increased rain made you perceive the temperature as being cool due to less sunlight?
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER Be Careful. Saw a show once where a guy tripped in his shop, hit his head on a table and knocked himself out. He had something in his hand that started on fire. Shop burned down.
Hello everyone. Today is my 73rd birthday. Haven't heard from family. Can I  please get some birthday likes? @USER Happy birthday  Barbara.
This is such a Varadkar thing to do.. He's making a laugh of FG and his cultish followers allow it. To be fair, the blue shirts have it coming.
@USER Morning Both. Have a good day. @USER Morning Greg.
Vegemite is the red line. You must like Vegemite. Only in the bedroom.
Its not always the father. Yes unfortunately it can be either parent that leaves. Sometimes even both.
@USER  @USER Ye farrey word maine bhi pehli baar suna tha khushi se??? @USER  @USER Same here ? Many other desi words too like ramanchi , paala (side) etc.
The Mams WhatsApp group here in D9 is off on one now give me strength. Anything hilarious? Please share if there is.
@USER I wonder if he got confused while looking for three bears and accidentally wandered into the home of two bares. @USER ????
Evening  Friends, I see Jan at 7 tomorrow night, can’t wait. She’s doing OK, plenty of rest and very good doctors and nurses. I’m all good, just made a Uber pizza lol. Brian is still alive, doing good there. Lots of loves from Sara. Thank you for your wonderful support. Phil  xxx. @USER Give her my love and best wishes.
@USER You're a good example, Father, but unfortunately people make things a lot more complicated than they need to around here. @USER Thank you for your mutual understanding. God bless you! I appreciate your support! I don’t know why people take my tweet out of context and accused me of being harsh &amp; rigid? I pray for all who read my tweet today for mutual understanding.
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Well it's all fine if the constitution of that Muslim majority country isn't biased. Places like Malaysia and Lebanon have had different religions thriving together for decades all while being religious.
And also a devout Muslim can still be a devout Muslim in a country devoid of any Islamic history.
Good stuff lads. With progress like this, we’ll have Leitrim gone in no time. Can confirm Fermanagh has been added to the list.
Honestly it doesn't look that good, it's hard to tell from a single picture but it looks very thin and overdone. Not a popular comment but I'm inclined to agree...
When you’re young, work to learn don’t work to earn.
You should prioritise study over work. Go full time uni and part time work. >work to learn don’t work to earn
What kind of boomer shit is this? Young people still have rent to pay.
Am I the only one who likes to have the tv on while I write, instead of music?? There have to be more of us out there! #amwriting. @USER That's me! Haha
My partner watches stuff on Netflix while I write.
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER Can be your boy friend.
You can report them I'm pretty sure. Is it the ombudsman, all youd need is the plate and the time. problem is gardai ombudsman does fuck all, guessing the same for some other ombudsman but even more with the gardai one.
The three great universities are Oxford, Cambridge and? Open University on BBC2 at 3am?
@USER Cheers Ian and everyone ????? @USER Cheers??Ian.
They should get over it, since they’re not in highschool anymore, and can no longer compete in highschool track. They missed their chance and should move on. Is there anyway to run as a sport in college or beyond?
उदास फिरता है,
मोहल्ले में बारिश का पानी,
कश्तीयां बनाने वाले बच्चे
मोबाइल से इश्क कर बैठे।. @USER Right ? sir #sonusoodsuperhero.
Your domestic league will only be a success when it is viewed on its own terms, not as some preamble to prepare for Europe. 

English clubs don't think that way. French clubs don't think that way. 

We need to think that way too. @USER SA team winning probably the best thing to happen. Makes the rest hungrier. Cannot wait for next season already ?
Is there an unemployed area? The north.
Knew someone who worked in a bank, their hands would get black with dirt after handling money. Physical money is fully gross.
Wash my hands on a regular basis. i would lick the next chinese person i see.
Somebody tell this MFer that Britain left India 73 years ago. Doesn’t mean they can’t comment.
@USER Maybe she’s a free spirit like her mom-Good Luck and keep us posted ??? @USER Thanks Jim… my free spirit has been tamed over time but not tide!
The book is what got me into reading, [I mean I could read, but was 'too cool' for it as a teen], when I was about 15. 
Saw a program about top 100 books, where actors introducted a book/acted some of it out, and hitchhikers was presented by 
Sanjeev Bhaskar. He acted out some of stuff about the computer giving the "42" answer and I found it hilarious. Read the book, then the next one.......and the other 3 as well. Loved every single page of them. 
Since then, these books have spun me off into reading anything/everything I can get my hands on. So thank you Douglas Adams and Sanjeev for bringing this to my attention some 16+ years ago. > Sanjeev Bhaskar
Huh, I always wondered if it was a deliberate reference:
When talking about The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy for the British Book Awards, Sanjeev Bhaskar stated that he chose 42 as the house number because in the Hitchhiker's series 42 features prominently as the Answer to Life, the Universe, and Everything.
@USER Looks great! @USER Thanks Violet ?
Pokemon Sword, so pretty good since I never get hurt and there are revives and potions everywhere. Peaceful life, eh?
जबसे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की हत्या हुई है तबसे अब तक 35 बॉलीवुड फिल्मे फ्लॉप हो चुकी है,,

कुछ साल और बहिस्कार और सारी गंदगी साफ़ हो जाएगी बॉलीवुड की !! @USER Bollywood Boycott.
Using the word 'after' to signify the past tense. Interestingly, Latin forms a past tense very similarly: locutus est = he is having spoken = he spoke. Irish also does it (táim tar éis ...) but I don't know whether the Hiberno-English comes from the Irish or vice versa.
@USER Won’t happen, it’s the biggest of bluffs in regards to what’s going on at the minute - countries like china don’t want to see that happen because of business so i suspect it’s just the only threat people take seriously. @USER Hope you’re right mate but a threat is a threat and these people in power are literally insane.
I'm a huge punk and metal fan-(as my username shows) but I have seen some real dumb shit from the community.
A guy in a Bad Brains shirt racially abuse a taxi driver. A girl in a Dropkick Murphys tank-top give a fascist salute.
These people don't represent the community. They're just parasites. Not precisely what you're describing but I know a bizarre amount of people who are punk/metal/rock fans and adopt a punk aesthetic but have also memed their way into being conservative or outright fascists, and it would make me laugh if it wasn't so sad.
@USER i like iced. @USER W or.w out sugar ,?
@USER Can’t there be any Exception ! 

I have been going there since I was a kid and I no for a fact that nearby there are lot of homes of Priests and it has never touched a pet and it used to move from one pond to other. @USER  @USER Subbayya Rai, a bhakt started to give a hen to eat every month as a sacred ritual. After his demise ritual stopped and since from that day Babiya didn't eat any chicken/meat, only ate temple naivedyam of Sri Anantapadmanabha swamy of Anantapura!
Drakes new album is dirt. @USER Get rid of 'new album' and this sentence works better.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER Hahaha.
#ToryBrexitDisaster 
#ToryCorruption 
#ToryCostOfGreedCrisis.
Omg where do I get one? Myers. They also sell a notepad of the same pattens lol.
Queen or Prince? @USER Tough one but I’ll go for Queen.
*Grabs Popcorn*
Oh wait, this post will get on front page. >dating matrimony
Yeah, maybe
>28F
Surely it will hit front page.
I think the producers would do my nut in if I was ever on the show. All that silly happy clappy waving and bullshit is cringy af. But then your granny sits in the crowd and you just wanna let her brag about it to her friends for the week.
So I've written 25k of new book since end of July.

This is good yes?

My brain constantly tells me I'm a writing failure.

Also launched massive marketing campaign at work. 

#ImposterSyndrome #adhd. @USER I tell myself I’ll never be as successful as Agatha Christie. And therefore always a failure. Once you’ve accepted your failure, the success goal posts move an awful lot closer.
Wow my name is Sapphire and I didn't really even know they came in green...
This is embarassing. Nice try u/byepolerbare. We can all see your name above your comment.
@USER Coming from dudes that have never put as much heart and sole into their passions to pursue something a very small percentage of people accomplish. Keep grinding and doing you! F the haters! @USER Soul*.
Buntoley invites you to the wedding celebration


            of his Tai and soon-to-be Tau



        Hugri Alexabot  ?and  ? commode

? This joyful outdoor ceremony will be held on?
                  Saturday,4/20

          at 6:09 o'clock in the evening



        Sulabh complex , Haryana


     Reception will immediately follow
   Please RSVP by today on given number

    (Nau do gol gol tera du du gol gol). Bunty where is Bunty father, mother, ancestor.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Oh I love picnics #theruffriderz. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hellow, Bunty! #theruffriderz.
@USER I don't think it's as dichotomous as that. Lots of men start up new relationships with the women they're cheating with too - and I find that worse, actually! Lots of public examples (Matt Hancock springs to mind!). @USER There are certainly exceptions.
Might I suggest a mass boycott of #Insiders this Sunday? @USER You're a bit late I started when Barry Cassidy was still hosting.
Has anyone tried the Cohiba Puro Dominicana? I haven't tried any Cohiba, wasn't sure if it was worth the hype .. but I just picked some up for what seems like a great deal $4 each .. any cigar seems good at that price but what did y'all think? @USER Definitely worth trying at that price.
Why has Reddit become so religiously biased. Every  religion has stuff that is practiced because guys wake the fuck up ... Religion is imagined more imagines and fiction than real.
It's hocus pocus done by a guy wearing fancy clothes. 
Stop taking the Koran literally, it's a book of wisdom not a Standard operation procedure because it was written for a different time. 
Stop taking the Bible very seriously, a lot if it was written way after Jesus was no more.
Manusmriti the hindu guidebook is ridiculous and makes for a good read to understand the wisdom of the time and that's that.
That being said religion is magic to those with faith. So when you make fun of one faith they retaliate and make fun of another. Hurt and pain begets hurt and pain. It's a bad cycle.
So dear reddit stop saying religiously inflammatory shit for any religion. 
I know I am guilty just the same and hope that my realisation transcends in you too. Spotted the cow piss drinker ^.
Just back from seeing a great play in the Civic Theatre in Tallaght called ‘No Magic Pill’. It’s about the life of Martin Naughton the late great disability activist. Highly recommend it. @USER At the 3pm show.
Who wants another Badscandal Glen power release? @USER Yesssssss ?
@USER I have filled in the application form from my phone and it isn't clear what I need to do next. Do you have it?? @USER  @USER  @USER can you help?
Coronavirus has spread to many countries in such a short amount of time that it’s a worldwide threat. Even though there is a <~10% chance of dying to the virus, it has a very high infectivity. Actual 3%.
कुछ मोहब्बत है इसलिए भी अधूरी रह जाती हैं

ताकि उनके परिवार खुश रह सके...? @USER उफफफफफ
ये मजबूरियाँ ।.
@USER Looking at government money? @USER I'm not too worried about where it comes from as long as it keeps coming?
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER We can only hope! Perhaps we’ve declared war on Russia or put a man on Mars overnight.
Hot spot your phone. I don't use mobile internet.
@USER I liked it. I hope you get to see it! ☺️. @USER Thanks ? I am in love with this game so I enjoy seeing all the things. ?
વડોદરાના સલાટવાડા વિસ્તારમાં રખડતા ઢોરે ગર્ભવતી મહિલાને અડફેટે લેતા ગર્ભમાં રહેલા બાળકનું મૃત્યુ, મનપાએ ઢોર માલિક સમજતા નથી એમ કહીને હાથ ઉંચા કર્યા

#Vadodara. @USER તાત્કાલિક પગલાં લેવા જોઈએ  @USER અને  @USER જેઓ એ રખડતાં ઢોરનો કાયદો દિવાળી સુધી લંબાવ્યો છે એટલે જ આ ઘટના થઈ છે તો એમને જેલ થવી જોઈએ.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER safe travels guys and have a great time! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Garry! X.
The Curious Cases Of Rutherford and Fry. 
 URL. Aye already a big fan.
@USER It is bewildering that they think they are invincible and don’t believe in the injuries…until it happens to them.

A game of Russian Roulette. @USER It is odd when the penny appears to drop that the jab may be harmful that they don’t reflect on the fact that they themselves and their children took the shoddy jab based on lies. They should be enraged. It must be a self defence mechanism not to reflect on it too much.
The Jews control Israel. ...
I mean, you're not wrong, but...
Look I don't trust Nehru
He never in a single interview revealed how he eats mangoes. It was never about mangoes. 
&#x200B;
Nehru on June 29,1949
&#x200B;
" If we do not increase the production then in the matters of crop we will be dependent on others. For the matters of food, we do not want to dependent on other nations. That's why we have to solve the problems of production in food immediately. We have to reduce this deficit that happens due to us buying the food from foreign countries. We have decided that by 1951 we will be self reliant on crops. We will not import them after 1951".
The leaders of the Church of England should be wary about clumsily intervening into complex political issues at the best of times. To do so on Easter Sunday feels very wrong. Archbishop of York views particularly wrong headed. Claims he’s in tune with majority of the public ? @USER Interesting. Your kind will be looking to silence  @USER in the same way the Nazis placed Martin Niemöller in a concentration camp. #RwandaNotInMyName #RwandaDeportation. You are so utterly on the wrong side of history.
Serves you right for being a degenerate.  Dunking any kind of biscuit is an abomination but chocolate ones are particularly objectionable, specially in these difficult times of coronavirus, Br*xit and Baby Boris when everyone's nerves are frayed.  Have you no consideration for other people? I have a dunking problem. I've tried to quit many years ago but this is who I am and I've accepted that. The melted, gooey chocolate, the soggy base, a hint of coffee mixed into the dark chocolate. It's wrong, I know that but what can I do.
Evening  Friends, I see Jan at 7 tomorrow night, can’t wait. She’s doing OK, plenty of rest and very good doctors and nurses. I’m all good, just made a Uber pizza lol. Brian is still alive, doing good there. Lots of loves from Sara. Thank you for your wonderful support. Phil  xxx. @USER Give her my love and best wishes.
Your mum. Haven’t heard that one before.
"Sometimes you change the subject, and sometimes the subject changes you." —@TimothyDSnyder. @USER  @USER Common thing when we friends meet ?
Launched from Lough Ree, Westmeath about twenty five minutes ago. @USER Hope you have a successful mission and all return safely.
I love to-do lists. I feel a little bit more accomplished every time I tick something off. I even added a friend’s errand so she would finally do it if I nudged her enough. ? @USER We seem to  live by lists Emma lol? always more to add.
@USER Robyn, that is a massive rejection and indictment of 99% of the historical and global church. It does sound a bit like, all who came before and all apart from my progressive Christianity are thieves and robbers. @USER  @USER This is a nice sounding rhetorical flourish  @USER but like Robyn you believe the church was wrong about slavery and equality of women for a long time… why not this issue too?
I want to post a cute thirst trap but I’m in so much pain from these damn TEETH. @USER Tooth, Root, and mouth pain.
True. Back in 1993 or the IM run from 2004-2007, the bombings felt unfair because neither governments nor society supported babri. Babri was carried out by what was seen as a fringe extremist group, but everybody in society paid the price. I have no problem calling those bombings terrorism.
But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism. Government, judiciary, media, police, bulk of hindu society itself - are arrayed against them. If they are forced into a fight they didn't want in the first place, it's not terrorism but resistance. Bhagat Singh might have thrown bombs, but he was not a terrorist - he was a resistance fighter. >But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism
Am sorry say this here(might even get banned), but these are early sings of getting radicalized, please seek help asap.
@USER  @USER  @USER We are heading your way on Sunday Neil will Craft be open? @USER  @USER  @USER We are - a soft re-opening with homemade Quiche, Rosscarbery Sausage Rolls, cakes, scones and Stone Valley coffee. 10-5pm.
My son ordered the same pizza from Dominos so often, that once when he changed his order slightly they rang him to see if they had made a mistake. But why did he change his order?
@USER What app is this so I can never install it. @USER Fitbit.
Soothing, calm voice. Get them to roll their eyes if you can. So touch their eyes and force them to roll, got it.
@USER my postpaid due was on last day that's 7 October and due to travel I missed it. I made payment on 8th morning but the late  charges are hefty that's INR 590
I have always paid on time. Kindly remove it 
#Paytm #paytmkaro. @USER  @USER  i haven't received any communication yet.
@USER  @USER That’s a border poll (when it comes) losing strategy! @USER  @USER People like Bison don’t care about the economics, they just want to be part of the UK, even if it means having to  live in caves and subsist on nettle soup.  Their ‘precious union’ is sacred to them.
@USER nice meeting you and John at brentford    see u again up the mighty arsenal. @USER Likewise ? hopefully see you at Tottenham if we can get there ?‍♀️???
Cheap supermarket bacon is overseas pork, processed here into bacon. Cheap shitty product, buy local. Our IGA uses local pork and holy shit can you taste the difference. For only a small increase in price you get a vastly better product than Don/Primo.
Hillary is really the president. Trump is there to catch all the blame. And Hillary is really just a puppet for Bill to pull the strings ...... So Bill is really the current president.
कुछ मोहब्बत है इसलिए भी अधूरी रह जाती हैं

ताकि उनके परिवार खुश रह सके...? @USER उफफफफफ
ये मजबूरियाँ ।.
@USER  @USER  @USER I know I should be trying to big up the political side of it but don't underestimate the influence the council exectives can have over infrastructure like this.

I think DCC have more cllrs who use a bike day to day than DLR but I may be wrong. DCC defo more left than DLR too. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The planning, trial/tweaking, implementation and learning from the CMR seems to have established a template. And the building up of expertise at the council with a cross disciplinary team seems to be a formula for success too. I feel DCC still prefers a  heavy engineered approach.
Does anyone else find wind farms really beautiful and actually add to nature. 
There's something so satisfying to me about watching wind turbines rotate knowing it's creating clean energy for us. It's like working with nature, apart from the birds getting sliced in half. I always found the aesthetics argument to be the weirdest argument against them.
I get it's subjective but they're like giant pinwheels!
@USER  @USER That’s soundscape excellent and you’re welcome! @USER  @USER Here’s how it went. I volunteered to present my pitch first so I’d be memorable: “Hi, I’m Daniel G. Taylor, CEO &amp; Founder of Mayer Marketing Agency. I help entrepreneurs get better clients with fatter wallets.” It worked.
@USER  @USER Congratulations. I’m happy for you! Not only because you are free from that situation but because of the strength that you have gained. The person that you have become. Our experiences and decisions can make us or break us. Congratulations on refusing to be broken! ?????? @USER  @USER I really appreciate that. And I love that quote. “On refusing to be broken”.
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. Setting a good example. Congrats.
How does a truck get blown over but the car doesn't?
Hope the truck driver is alright though. The truck has a higher centre of gravity making it less stable.
Care to be more specific? At the moment you're just asking if anybody's seen a mug. Looking to correct my mistake.
@USER OMG NO WAY !!! @USER wat??
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Help by The Beatles.
Can anyone redirect me to the right kind of n95 masks to be used as precaution? Would appreciate any links. Wash hands 
-When you Wake up
-Every 2-3 hours with proper soap and hum along to a song, atleast till you reach 3/4ths of the song approx 5 mins 
-Before you go to bed.
Black card and penalty? @USER Absolutely should  that I know it could’ve been a game changer Wexford injuries through the game cost them in the last 15 minutes ,Well done Clare no arguments.
Opposite of overpriced. Entire draw of it is how cheap it is. Use the change at the bottom of my pocket that never gets used for anything else. Yes it's inexpensive but IMO it's overpriced for what it is. The price of the mediocre sausage rolls is shocking.
These reforms are fucking great. I'm so happy. 
• Landlords must now ensure their properties meet basic standards, providing functioning stoves, heating and deadlocks, and maintaining basic safety standards for gas, electricity and smoke alarms.
• Rental bidding will be banned, preventing landlords from accepting a higher price than advertised.
• Landlords may only increase rent every 12 months, as opposed to every six months as currently stands.
• Bond will now be capped at four weeks’ rent.
• Landlords may no longer unreasonably refuse consent to minor modifications. This covers nailing hooks to walls and anchoring furniture for safety. But they can request these modifications be made by a qualified person.
• Landlords will now need an official order from the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal in order to refuse a tenant the right to own a pet.
• Tenants will no longer need written consent from their landlord to file for the release of their bond. The landlord will have 14 days to dispute the claim, or bond will be repaid to the tenant automatically after that time.
• Victims of family violence will be able to terminate rental agreements to ensure they aren’t held liable for the debts of their abusers.
• Caravan and mobile home owners will now be offered access to compensation if their residential park closes.
**
Fucking rental bidding. I've had to do it. Such a shit of an underhanded practise. Getting calls from the agent... well, there are a lot of people interested... 
Tell them directly that rent bidding is illegal. Oh, we're not doing that, we're just letting you know there are a lot of people interested...
There are more coming into effect in July 2020:  URL 
Some highlights:
Inappropriate rental application questions
A rental provider or their agent cannot request inappropriate information in a rental application.
Rental providers must give a valid reason to end a rental agreement
Rental providers (landlords) cannot issue a ‘no specified reason’ notice to vacate. To end a rental agreement, rental providers must provide a valid reason such as sale, change of use or demolition of the rental property, or rental provider moving back into the rental property.
Evidence for change of use notice to vacate
Rental providers must attach documentary evidence to a notice to vacate for change of use. The Director of Consumer Affairs Victoria will specify the types of evidence that must be used, for example a building permit.
Bank or other mortgage provider to honour rental agreements
If a bank or other mortgage provider has consented to the mortgage recipient entering a rental agreement with the mortgaged property, upon taking possession of the property they are subject to all the provisions of the Act as though they were the rental provider.
Expanded definition for urgent repairs
Urgent repairs now include repairs or replacements relating to air conditioning, safety devices and any fault or damage which makes the property unsafe or insecure, including pest infestations, or mould or damp caused by or related to the building structure.
Long-term leases
Renters and rental providers (landlords) can enter a fixed-term rental agreement for longer than five years. They must use the prescribed form to do so. >  Rental bidding will be banned, preventing landlords from accepting a higher price than advertised.
Why shouldnt a landlord be able to get the most rent possible?  In future wont they just advertise a lot higher rent then add 'or nearest offer'? 
>Landlords may no longer unreasonably refuse consent to minor modifications.
Will the tenant have to make good any changes, e.g. if they add a lot of screw holes to a wall surely they have to repair and repaint the room.
Throw dildos until you can reach the whips. There’s dildos in the kids section?
>God's blue-eyed boys and girls.
WHOA... That might trigger some atheists. ...and all non-blue eyed people too.
Until relatively recently I think that was a laundry in Ballsbridge I believe, name changed slightly around the war I think. You can still see one of the old red brick chimneys if you walk along the doddery from Ballsbridge towards Lansdowne Road on the left in the middle of a load of newer buildings (its a protected structure). Along the doddery! Love it.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I continue coaching to try and give the players I work with the most enjoyable experience, I possibly can. Help them grow into decent human beings, and for a minority, professional athletes.
@USER I had my name shown on the aircon control panel which I didn't know and I told the client to change 
temperature ?now after I checked in, make sure no name shown on anything including luggage name tag before I start to see clients. @USER  @USER That's rude.Surely an invasion of privacy??
Weak men are the most dangerous humans in the world. @USER Yes they are.
@USER Many congratulations. @USER Thank you sir.
Think I've seen this meme for every town in ireland over the past week. Because is true maybe?
Know what, I’m long overdue a trip to the lakes... especially with some helpless sheep. There is a guy - parks under my window every Sunday night at 8pm -- his sheep is in the back of his van could just hear this BAAAAAA,, BAAAAAH - til I worked it out. every bloody week like clockwork. Cumbria is funny. And he was getting a lamb kebab from the takeaway opposite. and took his pet sheep.
Guys are so lucky like, we dress up as your favourite wifus AND have boobs.

What a time to be alive. @USER I have a saying boobs are only as fun as the girl that has them I hope I’m not gonna be burned alive for this.
Man forget my username, I want to know the story behind yours. Once upon a time was taken and I thought this was the next best alternative.
Hah 28 is not old. Heck my mother got married at 28 and this was 32 years ago. Yes it's not usual but dont let your age make you rush into something so important. Will take care! And take my time. Thanks!
Going the other way:€50k fine for blatant pollution of Cork lagoon; 2,000 truckloads of builders rubble dumped. Yes but the state only picks on easy targets . Too much hassle for them to go after someone with resources.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER How many can you get? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER DIVERSE
REWIRE
CREEDS

(I can't see anything else for the last one!).
You’ll need to phone the number and ask for a reset. This. Also the codes usually only last 14days.
Change school lunches. The shit they serve at my kids school is disgusting. That's not a national problem, though. schools are controlled at the local level. it's the parents' role to campaign for that.
Was it supposed to be snake? Or does "sanke" mean something? It’s supposed to be snake. I saw the trend on Twitter.
Is TikTok destroying civilization? Some people think so. @USER It is more dangerous than people think!
In the gents toilet where I work, there's a hand towel that hasn't been washed in at least 6 months. It turns my stomach and I refuse to go near it. Is it one of those roller lads or just, like, literally the kind of towel one would have at home?
@USER Personally, the rankings are flawed for all three tours. Pgatour is rated too highly, European tour too low and LIV should have realised it would take time for them to get on it. Think the picture will be clearer in 12 months. @USER  @USER How can LIV expect ranking pints when they play a completely different format (easier) than the rest of the other tours.
fuck your zodiac sign what pokémon do you start with. @USER If we talking OG starts, I got my squirtle squad!
We once used coins such as Annas, paise, even half annas! and one could survive a day! 
The rupee used to be made of silver which would be a day’s salary back then, then we made rupee from copper nickel alloy, now steel! I guess we’ll either demonetise one rupee altogether or make them from aluminium before the end of this decade! > We once used coins such as Annas, paise, even half annas! and one could survive a day! 
> The rupee used to be made of silver which would be a day’s salary back then
How old are you?
We went to Glasgow and nearly got stabbed by some fella in his 40's. why? what did you do to the poor guy?
Wow! Maureen Lipman on lbc states “the Queen’s death has United the country including the Corbynistas and people live in the real world”
What a classless comment. @USER Why has a mediocre former actor been asked for a comment?
@USER Awwww, how adorable. Tippy's not impressed in the slightest. ? @USER I know right ????
CryoEM mates: Has any of you a strong opinion about self-wicking grids? #CryoEM ???? @USER A waste of money and time.
How to gain followers? ? @USER Kachaa badaam wali video bana lena?
Why pay when NATO and the UK do it for free, eh? defending from who exactly ? The Uk has been the only threst to us.
@USER Nope you are not the least bit arrogant, idk but most people on Twitter is arrogant but not you. @USER Thank you ? All I do is laugh at someone by making a funny comment?
पहिला सेट उद्धव ठाकरे यांनी जिंकला आहे नक्की ! 

शिंदे गट अंगावर येऊन देखील उद्धव यांनी फक्त शिंदे गटाच्या शिंगात शिंग अडकवून त्यांनी सेट केलेल्या अजेंड्या पुरते मर्यादित राहायला नकार दिला? @USER Perfect…you nailed it….???
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER ?? Definitely hope it gets better from here MC!!
And Muslims should understand that there is nothing to fear about CAA-NRC. It is this lack of understanding due to which the angry Hindu mob have to kill them. Once the Muslims stop fearing CAA and stop protesting, they don't have to fear the Hindu mob also. Lmao I feel like it's sarcastic but the time and environment we living in right now doesn't feel like sarcasam..
Like a bhakt can say this and will stand by it...
@USER that is a very very sweet paintjob, mate! @USER Thanks, that means a bunch coming from you!
Admin rights on my office PC. 
Pretty big deal in a school, that. Admin rights on the whole network
(school IT techie).
Last place in the #LIVGolfBangkok event should def have to go with  @USER to sample some of that extreme local cuisine. ?? #LIVGolf. @USER  @USER That was great to see that - so much more interesting broadcast.
F*CK YES! Ron DeSantis is under federal Investigation by the US Department of Treasury over his use of COVID Relief Funds to fly migrants to Martha’s Vinyard. @USER If you seriously think that's going to result in anything other than more of our tax dollars wasted you're dreaming.
Ridiculous.
Give them to the crowds and see what comes out. We are a civilised society and mob “justice” is not legitimate form of justice.
Apparently the execution was stayed because the president has not replied to the mercy petition filed by the convicts.
looking forward to the morons in work tomorrow, after getting this on whatsapp, telling everyone that this was another example of the great big conspiracy to hide the hundreds of cases here and lockdown of hospitals/hotels/businesses, being committed by the government/HSE/relatives of those infected/workmates/people in those places, etc etc. It's not a conspiracy, its simply unstoppable at this point.
Fixtures matter of course, but Leicester's haven't been great either.

You could maybe say they've been a *little* unlucky.

You could also say that Iversen probably deserves a chance... @USER My old man’s a Leicester fan and can’t believe that iversen hasn’t been given a chance yet.
You need margarine. Didn't meant to get you down voted.  I asked a question and you replied.  Thank you for the response; edited my reply to reflect that.  Cheers!
If your Twitter Crush said “Ima be in your area a couple hours away, can you come and let me take you on a date?” Not a link, a legit date. Would you go? Or no? Are you scared? @USER I would and have. Met some cool ppl in the process.
This is your last shot to win today's #GIVEAWAY!

Q5. Brainstorming made you build your own sweet paper pile. Opt for _______ pages on the #RedmiWritingPad instead.

Comment with #RedmiWritingPad and #WriteClearRedoRepeat to win! @USER Ans. 5 &gt; 
Brainstorming made you build your own sweet paper pile. 
Opt for "20,000" pages on the #RedmiWritingPad instead.

#RedmiWritingPad #WriteClearRedoRepeat 
@RedmiIndia.
We are a loooong way off from worst-case scenario. Best thing to do is wash hands incessantly, avoid touching the face, avoid big crowds and keep on keeping on. Postpone Italy vacations. Imo panic is more dangerous than corona as it stands. A long way off? Looks pretty grim. Every effort to contain has failed and lots of people will die.
Lights it up. This. Source - me. Tried one in Yaxley, Cambs.
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER VERY easy. 
Got it at my local Walgreens the first week it was available.
Washing my hands more. Smart one, you are.
The kind of venom Hindutva supporters are spewing at Mulayam Singh Yadav on his demise is at another level altogether. @USER Rather as a true journalist..it should have been...

Venom spewed are similar to when #Jaitley or #Shushma or #Bipenrawat  expired..

Baba..its their in either side.

And siding one make u also culpable.
How they are still getting people on it is beyond me like there are only so many people in Ireland who would participate, HOW is it not the same people on it the whole time. I never watch it because it's shite, but I'd love to go on it. You're guaranteed to come away with €20,000 just for pressing a few buttons and spinning a wheel.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I was intrigued to the extent to which Ian Holloway transformed Blackpool's squad in the build up and during promotion to the Premier League, in the 2009/10 season. Achieving promotion against overwhelming relegation odds, was inspiring ⚽️ also the human qualities he brought.
@USER Trump and GOP puppet master. @USER  @USER Evil desperate delusional little man.
The NFL is rigged. 
I mean, there’s too much money on the line per game for there not to be someone wanting to fix it. And it’d be so easy to: you don’t need to even tell the players, just have a coach make a bad call in a critical moment or have a ref make a call a certain way on a close play and that’s it. 
The New England Patriots are one of the most successful franchises in history, in one of the wealthiest parts of the country that has a ton of disposable income and a love of football. That’s no coincidence. 
The browns moved to Baltimore because it was more profitable for them. Super Bowls are blowouts or close games based on the highest payers’ time slots in the game. There’s billions of dollars flying around every Sunday for a third of the year, you know someone is going to want to make sure it gets in their hands. All valid points.
I'll do you one better, 
WHY did this??? For humor.
@USER Stopeeet. @USER But did I lie???
Kerplunk ftw! Buckaroo was my jam. Guess it set me up for my stunning shopping carrying without a basket skills in adult life.
This surely should be a variable electronic sign. That would make so much sense.
Those worries are superseded by worries of your own death. The older you get the less your own death should scare you. You worry about other people more than yourself eventually. I'd rather outlive everyone in my life if it will cause them less pain.
that’s a harsh reality check on hindus, most won’t take nicely. Not sure why she would say this as a political leader she has to ask for votes. Not all politicians say whatever they have to say just for the votes. Some have actual cajones and know when they have to speak up.
It's sad that she has to get out ahead of this because of scumbag tabloids. Her personal life should be off limits. Ugh. What are the tabloids saying?
It's jokes like this that makes this my favourite sub - stuff Americans won't get. Can confirm, am American, don't get it. That's okay
New England is best England.
I have a friend in the RFS and he did not once get a call out for the bush fires over the summer despire being available, he has been in the RFS for over 5 years. I think the RFS management needs to get their act together. Not sure of the downvotes, that sucks regarding your friend.
What do you do for stress relief ? @USER  @USER 21 deep breaths in and out.
I'm officially a Daemon apologist from today. This episode of #HOTD was ? @USER Daemon Supremacy #HOTD.
@USER  @USER It’s all very “they just don’t realize they are Irish not British, and any day soon they will wake up and realize what a mistake they made”. @USER  @USER  @USER One hopes. It’s called Stockholm syndrome. In the case of wales &amp; Scotland it’s been even more protracted. London only cares for London.
I’m probably going to be downvoted for having my own opinion, but I disagree. I loved their recent program about their DNA and family history. They can be quite funny but more so their banter is fun to watch. They’re just two typical Northern blokes who’ve been best mates since they were kids and it’s nice to see. I liked them for a few years, but then Saturday Night Takeaway started getting repetitive. Ant nearly killing a child was the final nail in the coffin for me.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Laughs humorlessly in Melbournian.
Hacking. r/technicallythetruth.
Ah, looks like BJP is going to lose Bengal as well.
This man loses the BJP elections in every state he interferes in, and then tries to bribe MLAs. I hope so. I know there are a lot of Hindutva trolls online but I've noticed a lot with Bengali names, and they don't look uneducated/unemployed.
Make it legal for the Coastguard lads to be allowed to batter them once they've gotten them ashore. They shouldn't be sent out to get them. Just give them a cheery wave from the shore and get a cup of tea in.
Has Lord Lebedev of Siberia and Johnson been sanctioned yet? @USER  @USER Of course not!
@USER You’re in for a good night. @USER Tonight’s gonna be a good good night.
A new one for you; the Chinese government are responsible for the implementation & the outbreak of the Coronavirus. 
... do you see rioting anymore? Maybe it doesn't exist.. they perpetuated coronavirus as a way to bar the Hong Kong riots from being in the news. The worst part, this virus is halting global markets and striking fear in everyone.
Sometimes I just want to cry for no reason. @USER Us?
What about the significant drop in homeless figures during the election campaign and then this month there back up over 10000. I knew when the figures came out just before the election it was fishy as fuck.
@USER Bob Mortimer. @USER Good shout.
Have to laugh at the Collingwood fans on here who have been talking down Ollie Henry ever since he requested a trade now suddenly complaining that a pick in the mid-20s isn’t enough. @USER I'm a Collingwood supporter but after Buckley sent half a dozen premiership players out the door nothing else amazes me these days! I like Ollie but if he wants to go to Geelong so he can play with his brother SO BE IT! END OF STORY!! KAPUTSKI!!
Jags fans, if you could put any former Jaguar player (in their prime) on the Jags current roster, who would it be? #Duuuval #Jaguars. @USER Winston Guy Jr. At Strong Safety. Lol ?
Irrigation scam has put this guy on BJP leash. Dafq? He is deputy CM
He was given clean chit by BJP
Who is on whose leash again?
@USER Morning Elaine ? @USER Morning Maggie.
@USER  @USER  @USER Itna to parents bhi nahi peeche padte. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Itna to na but my wife will send kids to school. Come what May. Agar administration school bund karde to shayad ladne pohanch jaye, bund kyun kiya.
@USER ?
Most peaceful people on the planet. @USER As long as no one messes with us, leave us in peace.
@USER  @USER That comment sounds so creepy in any context outside of a record lmao. @USER  @USER Hahaha exactly what I was going for.
Just in : Dia Mirza has requested Putin to use pollution free missiles to strike on Ukraine. @USER She may ask him to fire harmless bullets also.
Claire Byrne deserves credit after the leaders debate. I thought she was unreal on that. People always say this after election debates.
"The real winner was the host!"
You have to really fuck up, like Matt and Ivan, to not come across well hosting debates like that.
I would sit down, but not before I used the miniature Swiss Army knife I keep on my keys to cut the sign down. Let’s be honest, it’s not a council sign so it’s essentially a piece of litter. And I’m sure many in Abingdon would be glad to see it gone and have the bench available for sitting again. I mean just look at the queue of people deprived of silent bench time.
AAP is 45% owned by News Corp. Its articles appear throughout the press, including the ABC and The Guardian. The sooner it dies the better.
e: Fair points. It would be better if News Corp sells it stake in AAP. It already has way too much influence in Australian media. In the current landscape I doubt its departure would be a positive.  The division of ownership between competing parties has kept the wire service content pretty straight down the line and the soft content isn’t of any profile.
The photography aspect will be a big blow, particularly in the age of web and social media news, and it will accelerate the demise of newsrooms that are barely holding on as it is.
Hi if someone bought you Chick-fil-A would you eat it or throw it in the garbage? @USER Give it to someone homeless.
Q5. What is the display type of the #GalaxyZFlip3? 
A. Dynamic AMOLED 2X
B. Dynamic AMOLED 3X
C. Static AMOLED X
D. Dynamic IPS
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER A. Dynamic AMOLED 2X
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
I never go to mass but had to this past 2 weeks for family occasions. Notable at today's mass we got a lecture on the unborn,how to pray away imminent WW111 but no mention of the tragedy up the road in Cresslough ? Still livid at the priest who said WW111 was imminent at a children's mass today. Not least for making me define imminent as 'a long way away' to Chung Flit. What an arse. No more mass.
Someone please help me:  I was on a plane to the UK and the man next to me was drinking a Pepsi or Coke mixed with Worcestershire sauce in it.  It was on the label too!  He was weirded out that I was weirded out.  Has anyone ever seen that drink??? Only in my nightmares.
Just went and to grab a few things for dinner tonight there were people panic buying at Woolies. Not sure why you were downvoted. I had the same experience at Coles. It was kind of chaotic and weird.
BREAKING: Harvard’s top Constitutional Law expert drops bombshell, declares that “it’s impossible NOT to indict Trump for violating the Espionage Act,” and that the Attorney General now “has no choice” but to lock him up in federal prison. RT IF YOU THINK TRUMP MUST BE LOCKED UP! @USER In just hope the people that make that decision see the same danger!
#MedTwitter
I have the 20th edition Harrison (brand new) because I’ve hardly read 100 pages since I bought it. Don’t think it would be useful to me since I would be pursuing paediatrics. Don’t want to sell it either. What do I do with it? Keep it as a souvenir ??‍♀️. @USER Better to keep with self.
.
Have given to junior before books like - Robbins, f.netter etc.n regretted.
.
My recent such impulsive buy is
- new edition of 'first-aid'. Gonna keep it, hoping to learn something, someday! ?✌?
Why is the risk still incredibly low in Ireland? I've heard it said multiple times by the health officials with no context.
Is it just a numbers game or the climate or something? possibly very complex just my two guesses. We’ve only had 2 confirmed cases on the Island, and no known infections that took place on the island. The risk will get higher if we have cases from people who haven’t been to high risk areas, because that means people are becoming infected here. The risk won’t go to high until we get to a point of infections which can’t be traced.
@USER It can be some innovative pickup line ? @USER I thought it must be a බයියෙක්? They can't show me?
I'm a huge punk and metal fan-(as my username shows) but I have seen some real dumb shit from the community.
A guy in a Bad Brains shirt racially abuse a taxi driver. A girl in a Dropkick Murphys tank-top give a fascist salute.
These people don't represent the community. They're just parasites. Not precisely what you're describing but I know a bizarre amount of people who are punk/metal/rock fans and adopt a punk aesthetic but have also memed their way into being conservative or outright fascists, and it would make me laugh if it wasn't so sad.
Clinton body count. There are too many “robberies gone wrong” and “suicides” surrounding their political controversies that it is surely them calling the hits. His name was Seth Rich.
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? Conservative. That's a nice way to spell fascists.
Are you fan of camping in Ireland? I mean, like a real fan? If so do you have any tips as to how one might get the best out of the experience given the - sometimes - not entirely pleasant weather we have? If you'd like to share your wisdom mail me maybe? conor.pope@irishtimes.com. @USER Talk to Mal ? @camping_soul.
Where did Gordon the gopher live? In the same closet as Philip Schofield.
I think we all need to hold our nerve. Experts are saying just buy a little EXTRA each week, don’t try to have your own Woollies at home and do all your shopping for a year. We don’t want what’s happening in Germany - entire shelves bare - to happen to us. Remember we’re a remarkably self sufficient nation. Have a pantry and have enough; but let’s not make the tragedy of the commons happen for our neighbours. 
That being said, I keep a steady supply of pasta, canned tomatoes, beans, rice, canned citrus fruits and frozen food at all times. I grew up rural and lived in a survivalist community part time in my late teens, so having a well stocked pantry is never a bad thing. 
Remember: even in Wuhan right now, everyone has access to delivered groceries. Expensive and with some shortages, but no one is starving and even the Chinese government is sending in free food. 
Remember: often food shortages are created by overbuying! It’s a self fulfilling prophecy. Food makers aren’t expecting every citizen to suddenly need a six month supply and here’s the thing, you probably don’t. 
What you do need - hand sanitiser (harder to come by - was just in Canberra and Gundagai and all supermarkets are wiped clear), thermometer, ibuprofen, hospital grade disinfectant. If it runs out in stores because people are being Chicken Littles, vinegar kills 80% of germs. As someone else said, toilet paper is great and you’ll miss it when you don’t have it. Garbage bags too. 
Prepare for possible power outages, the same way we did for the bushfires. Get a power bank for $20 from Kmart (and a back up one if you really can’t stand your own company ?), a solar powered battery power bank and a hand crank radio. Batteries as well for LED lights and a radio. Pillar candles or tea lights as a back up and some matches. Yeah, if it kicks off the chemists will  struggle with symptom relief and temperature control drugs.
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. I struggle with this as well..... It would be a huge hell of a conspiracy theory.
Can understand PM expressing condolences on the death of MSY but why are random RW guys crying bucketful! @USER You are a good question.
For the record, The US is a disgusting 54%
edit:* of their total discetionary spending budget, sorry didnt realise this was a % of GDP.
It is 17% of their total budget at an eye watering $718 billion. 
But only about 3% of their GDP. That’s wrong.
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER Union firmly secured " ? ?
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaww !
Their capacity for self-delusion is limitless !
@USER I'm not quite 40 yet, I'm 36 but still feel like I'm transitioning quite late. @USER  @USER Saaaame.
Question for people older than me: Were the left always such unutterable pieces of garbage, or have they gotten a lot worse in recent years? @USER MUCH MUCH worse. Very dangerous.
مچوم‌تویت های مره کسی میبینه یانه؟
اگر دیدید یگان ریتویت بزنید مطمئین شوم
#StopHazaraGenocide. @USER We can't retwitt you 
It's lock.
@USER He'll be boldly staying put from now on. @USER  @USER Mission: to mopily go where no man has moped before.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER Look at twelve years of misrule in every other place you failed to mention....
@USER Oh well done Julia - it looks fabulous! @USER Thank you, I love ricotta!
My boyfriends arms. That’s really wholesome and sweet :).
Why do girls wear bra? 
One male friend has really big man boobs but he doesn't need any bra. Moobs and boobs differ in their aerodynamics.
@USER  @USER Thought the exact same a few weeks ago arriving into it. Dublin Airport is a proper kip on the arrivals side. @USER  @USER  @USER Kip on all sides.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER  @USER Yes I support all workers whatever action they believe required to Remove the Tories ASAP.
Lol Christmas Island is like next to Indonesia, hardly next to WA. Its also the most likely point of attack for china if they want to secure the strait of Mallacca and/or invade Australia properly, which is why people are so interested in it mapping the sea floor at that particular location even if it is international waters.
David Miscavige, the chairman of the Church of Scientology definitely murdered his wife and is getting off scott free for it. Him and his wife got into a pretty heated argument in 2007, and she hasn’t been seen since. Lawyers hired by David claim she is still alive and devotes 100% of her time to work at the church of scientology, which is why she hasn’t been seen since August 2007. In 2013, a former member of the church had filed a missing person report that was closed after a few officers had “spoken and seen Mrs.Miscavige”, even though there’s no evidence whatsoever of this meeting. All missing person’s reports now are turned down since this investigation is forever closed. The church of scientology is screwy anyway, I wouldnt doubt it.
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. There is some logic to this (but zero compassion) because they were often the manual scavengers back in the day. It is sick that manual scavenging is still a reality in India, when the technology to wipe out this profession is readily available. Unfortunately our government would rather pour funds into advertising campaigns to plaster Modi's face all over instead of building proper sanitization and sewage systems that make manual scavenging obsolete. And I believe it is inherently wrong to treat anyone as "lower caste" or "untouchable".
That’s America now. It starts of with a bit of prejudice (like trans in the army) and mutates into policy signed off by the great one. It’s disturbing watching people have their rights stripped from them. Maybe this ban is just another of those prejudices to policy, be careful. Wonder who downvoted your comment.. seems like a reasonable concern.
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. I love Good Food and get most of my recipes from there but I’m yet to find a Curry recipe on there that tastes anything like a takeaway one (even the ones billed as ‘takeaway style’).
You can find many of these recipes on his website but they are quite complicated and I found them a pain to follow on my phone.
Welcome to the Tim David era. 

#AUSvWI. @USER I love it.
Trump conspired with the Clintons and ran the worst imaginable campaign in order to make Hilary more palatable and get her elected. It backfired miserably because they underestimated the number of racist idiots in this country. I think it has more to do with the rust belt and how they were tired of outsourcing deals signed by Presidents. Ironically, the Donald is singing the USMCA.
This reminds me of the Guinness brewery in Dublin. Guinness (in the unlikely event that you're unaware) is an iconic irish beer whose very existence is tightly entwined with Irish culture. (Think India & chai) Turns out Arthur Guinness, the founder was a Protestant absentee slum landlord who fully supported the British occupation of that country, dutifully paid taxes to Westminster and supported the suppression & eradication of the native culture.. Damm, never knew this.
But conflict between unionist and nationalists is not like anything we see in subcontinent.
Even with religious differences, Europeans helped each other like saxony being protestant helped catholic Habsburg who slaughtered protestants.
Not a single option for just chicken, butter and bread. Spar are heretics and deserve to be blasted into the sun or Wuhan, whichever is worse. The god tier of CFR's.
@USER I'm quite excited for that West Lancashire by-election if Truss really does go all in on fracking. We may see a negative score in an election for the first time ever. @USER  @USER The Nimby paradox. Housing no. Energy no. Airports no. Anything no?
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Meat,chips, bread and beer....
I don’t masturbate. My seed spills only into your mother. Well isn’t that a nice way to phrase it.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
@USER Enjoy your evening sweetie?❤️
Have fun and safe. @USER Thanks Hoan ❤️❤️❤️.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER Entertaining house guests! I feel glad when people have gone and I can get back to just doing my own thing.
Is Elon Musk buying Twitter or not? @USER No.
I remember a buddy of mine showed me a snuffpage when i was 9, saw some shit no 9 year old should see, worst was the picture of the gutted corpse of a women with a mans cock penetrating her so that you could see the cock go through the vagina and pop up again inside the gutted part of her abdomen, that picture is still clear as day. That kid wasn't your friend if they were showing you stuff like that, I'm sorry to say.
@USER Hi, we have replied to you via direct message. Please check for more details. Thank you. @USER Just getting replies only and not getting support for the same.
i like this lady. she had no right under 'ancient law.' fucking fantastic. low level drug crimes means pot right? Yeah I read a story about her growing weed for her own use aswell.
Can you believe that business support will be delayed and then backdated because of Party recesses.. that few weeks could be the difference for some operators..

All because of Party Conferences.

They should have been cancelled with all the missed Parliamentary days already. @USER Exactly ?
Wasn't wombats the natural heroes of the bush fires just a few weeks ago? They were herding and providing small animals with shelter in their burrows. Now they are pests?!
What is wrong with people?? Well there are no more fires now so we're going to have to let you go /s.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER Me.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good evening di. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Brother Ji,

Very Very Good Evening and Sweet Dreams Too ?????
@USER Beautiful...so peaceful. Good morning. @USER Morning Sue thanks for the follow.
@USER If I’ve read the press notes correctly doesn’t he get free coffee for a year or something for being there first? @USER That's right. Still, very impressive.
@USER VERY glad they aren't mine!!! ? @USER  @USER Been Killing time.
Push them down and fart in their mouth to assert dominance. Peter?
All these people who start feeling dizzy, nauseous after 30 kms of car ride with or without AC should be considered as weaker section human civilization and be barred from travelling. Kick them out.
Did something last night I never did before while out in Dublin: asked a girl if she's okay going home with the man she was with.

As I was walking behind the couple, I noticed how utterly demeaning he was to her in what he was saying to her and a red flag went up in my mind. @USER Good for you your a gentleman she was lucky she had you to watch over her.
From the U.S.  and I know no one that drinks milk.  Not one person.   A weird take sir. Up here in my pseudo-hillbilly corner of the Rockies, our Safeway has an entire cooler section just for the 1 gallon jugs of whole milk. It’s a staple of 90% of everybody I know’s fridge and unofficially, it’s our number one hangover cure, too. If a friend opens his door holding a gallon of milk, I know he’s in the middle of regretting the night before. My ex and I broke our refrigerators middle shelf because of the combined weight of his 2 gallons of 2% and my 2 gallons of whole milk that we bought weekly. (No, neither of us were or are obese. Lol)
I once laughed with a friend of mine at his Dad for offering his deck builders milk while they worked in 90°f (32.2°c) heat. 3 guys took him up on his offer, choosing it over Gatorade. 
In shop class in highschool, I built a 1/2 gallon milk container holder with a handle for my Nanna because she was struggling to lift them anymore.  Our local restaurants have giant milk chillers next to the waitresses soda stations. 
I dunno what part of the U.S. you’re from but milk is... MILK, here. Haha.
Parents used to go fossicking for gold decades back on weekends, would pull a couple of hundy with a homemade sluice box every trip. Can't remember the exact place - somewhere between Bathurst and Hill End. What I remember most was the absurd amount of flies and red belly black snakes. 
Took the dog with us once. Was sick from all the fly eating. She couldn't help herself.. I've heard Hill end is good for gold. I've only ever hunted there though. Wasn't into fossicking last time I went.
Is 9/11 really not on here? On "best" there's one literally over 4 hours old with over 1K upvotes, and, on mobile, the first page without having to "show more." Sorting by "Top," it's only halfway down. I've read dozens of others prior to your comment, too. C'mon man, read or use find in page function. Did you really think YOU were the first, in over 8K comments on a conspiracy theory thread to mention 9/11?
No I am done. People are scamming others with this, I ain't gonna fall for it again. I'll better buy one screen plan. Well it sounds scamming but you can’t do anything without trust. I’m currently using the mobile plan for 199₹ I’m fine with it but I can’t watch it on my TV that’s a big Bummer and to not get get scammed well I’ll provide my contact info and if you think of an idea that works out in such a way that we can trust each other I’ll be glad to use it . Sadly i’m New to reddit so definitely it looks more like a scam ?
Anyone ever fractured the wrist or surrounding area? If so when cast comes off is it proper weak and need physio? @USER Still banged up mate?? Fuck me I put my foot right in it tapping u on the head in coach when your jaw was done in aswell ??
People think optimizing for impressions means ignoring business goals.

But it really just means ensuring that your content gets seen. @USER Absolutely!
I’ve heard it all now. Albanese has described himself as being “Economically Literate”. @USER Of course he is. Don't forget he said he was an economic adviser to Bob Hawke. Trouble is Bob didn't know that and neither did anybody else.
Morning babieeeees happy hump DAY! ?? @USER Goood morning hope you have an amazing day.
@USER Damn this photography skills? @USER Thaaanks :D.
Coronavirus: Dublin school to close for two weeks as student has Covid-19
Closure ordered after student identified as first case in Republic
A scientist works at a laboratory in Israel trying  to produce a vaccine against  Covid-19. Photograph:  Jalaa Marey/AFP/Getty
Paul Cullen Health Editor
Updated: 2 minutes ago
A Dublin school with 400 pupils is to close for two weeks after one of its students was confirmed as having the coronavirus.
The teenager, who is the first person in the Republic to test positive for the virus, became ill in recent days after returning from Italy and is in isolation in Dublin hospital.
Public health officials have ordered the closure of the school in order to minimise the risk of person-to-person transmission of the disease.
The decision was announced by the National Public Health Emergency Team on Sunday evening.
The team announced the first confirmed case of the virus in the Republic of Ireland on Saturday night. Another case was confirmed in a patient in Northern Ireland earlier this week. That woman had also travelled from Italy and passed through Dublin airport. The Dublin-Belfast train was later sanitised as a precautionary measure as it was believed the woman travelled home on it.
Low risk
It is understood the risk to other pupils in the Dublin school is considered low but the closure has been ordered on a precautionary basis. Students are being told to self-isolate at home and to indicate if they start showing any symptoms.
Public health officials plan to maintain daily contact with the students by phone, and will ask them to indicate by text whether they are showing symptoms.
hospital as officials trace contacts
Parents were being informed of the closure on Sunday evening and a helpline for affected people is being set up.
There is no justification for any other schools closing due to concerns over Covit-19, public health officials have advised. No new cases have been confirmed in Ireland today.
The Department of Health released the following statement on Sunday evening:
“Contact Tracing of the confirmed Covid-19 case, in the East of Ireland, has identified and made contact with a secondary school. The principal, staff and parents of pupils of this school have been notified. Following risk assessment, all pupils and teachers are being treated as close contacts of the confirmed case.
The school will close for the duration of the incubation period, which is 14 days.
All pupils and teachers are being asked to restrict their movements until the end of the incubation period and will receive guidance on the meaning of ‘restricted movements’.
Public health doctors will actively follow-up with all students and teachers on a daily basis over the coming 14 days.
Dr Tony Holohan, Chief Medical Officer with the Department of Health, said: “Contact tracing has assessed that close contacts of this patient includes pupils and teachers of a secondary school. Public health doctors are in direct contact with pupils, their parents and the staff involved.
“Patient confidentiality in this case, and in all cases, should be respected. The Department of Health will provide updated information as necessary.”
The Department of Education said: “The Department of Education is available to assist the school in any way necessary. The Departments of Education and Health are in regular contact. The closing of this school was a decision made on public health grounds after risk assessment deemed it appropriate. All other schools will remain open. The Departments will continue to communicate with all schools on this issue.”
Covid-19 is spread through close contact with an infected person’s body fluids (e.g. droplets from coughing or sneezing), or by touching surfaces that an infected person has coughed or sneezed on.
The general public is advised to follow advice from the HSE and the Health Protection Surveillance Centre to protect their health. What’s with all the students traveling to Italy during February. Was the school in Maynooth had a load of students over there as well.
I went there about 10 years ago. Costs about £20 to go in and it's just a greenhouse. A pretty dam awesome greenhouse!
I love the term 'fossicking'.  Picked up a half oz nugget in Victoria a few years back. Saying "fossicking" never gets old lol. That's awesome about the gold. Was it just in the Bush or did you dig or pan for it?
Damn, I'm exhausted
What the hell's this all for?
Is this where it mends or it breaks?
Between a rock and a hard place
For the record, shit
Throwin' in the towel takes some effort
So I'd rather ride it out for better weather
Together ? @USER Good blessed morning luv.. hope you had a great evening.
Islam is cancer. It must be banned in India. P.S: I hate RSS too. It must be banned too. All religions, religion affiliated 
organizations must be banned for a decade. This is such a stupid idea we don't need to ban shit....just show people it doesn't make sense instead.... Convince them.... More and more people are turning atheists anyways.... Religion is going to have a slow death till the end of the century.
Here lad. I've had a look through your post history, lots of posts about wanting to die. You need to get yourself some help. Proper help, the last thing you need is this cow making fun of the things you enjoys. No shame in going to therapy for a few sessions. 
I’ve done it myself times when everything seemed fine, and after some trauma. Turned out to be immensely useful for both periods.
@USER That depends on the way one interacts with the other, right? Besides, a person behavior depends on the context. One me be arrogant online, but may be a timid person in real life. One may be arrogant with their acquaintances, but may be a sweetheart to their friends and family. @USER You have explained this very well. In fact, many people look at our  image and judge everything, but in real life, not everything is like that.
People are acting like an unstoppable force of gastro is sweeping the planet. The shit apocalypse. Apoocalypse.
@USER Good Morning ❤️. @USER Have a blessed day ma!❤️.
Everytime the typical vegetarian tries to guilt trip me about my food choices, I point out that the dairy industry is just as brutal and has a similar carbon footprint. I ask them to stop eating milk, dairy, ice cream and chocolates. That shuts them up. You are right. But instead of asking them to go vegan, best to start with yourself :).
What’s for dinner? @USER Chilli con carne, coriander lime rice and accompaniments ?
@USER The butch lesbian who you have replaced. You are also claiming that a drag queen was a trans woman, which is transphobic. @USER  @USER ?? a fart accusing a gay man of transphobia.
Wonders will never cease.
He may have a point.  Does it feature child abuse? Well, no, but also, yes
Eromanga Sensei (the series this guy was most disgusted by) is a weird show though. Its casually pedophillic, but its also mostly just cute as heck. Its about an extremely prolific light novel author who's a teenager (for some reason in this universe, basically every successful author ever is a teenager), who writes under a pseudonym and gets his books illustrated by an artist he only knows through the internet called Eromanga Sensei. ES is assumed to be an adult dude, because he's known for his very erotic art. Turns out ES is actually... his little [step] sister (who's like 12), who he hasn't seen in over a year despite living in the same house because after their parents died she refused to come out of her room. And, other than the main siscon thing, its about her slowly coming out and becoming almost socially functional. If you can ignore the sex jokes and the marriage proposal and that the girl molests a few other people for "artistic reference", you can almost treat it like a totally wholesome show about social anxiety
Its in the same universe as My Little Sister Can't Be This Cute (clearly the author of these has a type...), though in that show the sister is a lot, eh, bossier.
@USER I wonder if  @USER would react the same. @USER  @USER I’d have pushed  @USER out of the way and made the catch ONE HANDED with no broken fingers.
Can't get it without being anti-national. It's simple. There are no guys in South India and there are no gals in north India. I have no idea why it's so hard to figure out.
What's St Pattys? Patty is a burger. So I think it's "Saint Hamburger Day".
You should be able to appeal the decision considering your term didn't start until the 6th. There are a lot of foreign students at my university who weren't here until the end of September because out term didn't start until then. 
Maybe try posting on r/legaladviceUK they might have more insight. 
Hope it works out for you. I will try thank you.
@USER If Collingwood rate him so highly why did they low ball him with their contract offer? Actions speak louder than words. @USER  @USER How much was the lowball offer Ned?
Pokemon Sword, so pretty good since I never get hurt and there are revives and potions everywhere. Peaceful life, eh?
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER मंगल सन्देश Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
4 or 5. Nothing else qualifies. When hot rub some butter on them and let it melt. Mmm. Correct answer.
I got into deep shit  for saying this as a kid, it was explained to me at the time that it was an oath/sweary word  that was derived  from "the blood of christ" not as in eat my body, drink my blood for wafers and wine, but the dripping blood as he was tortured and was dying on the cross, representing the sacrifice made, So as George Carlin would call it in his seven words you cant say on TV, its dirty, but only part of the time.
Side note this was from a family where  a ex-coal-miner grandfather would frequently say 'bucking' with the same context and vehemency as fuck,  eg) "bucking hell!" or "bucking television!", that was perfectly accepted because he didn't actually say fuck, your chosen deity forbid you actually fucking swear! I was told it was a contraction of “by our lady”, ie the Virgin Mary. So technically swearing, but the BVM’s view on the matter has not been recorded so I can’t say whether she minds.
@USER  @USER I (and many vegetarians) like the taste of meat, but don't want animals to be slaughtered for it ? @USER  @USER ??
@USER Yeah, Phillies fans complaining at the behavior of a braves fan. Phillies fans...??? Isn't this a normal pre game scene at citizens? @USER  @USER The only thing being complained about is why my man didn’t dish out a beating ! I’m sure you all will be in your best behavior here though ! Lol.
Reverse image searched it. The result was "Firearm". oof sorry couldn't find anything. You should try asking in /r/whatisthisthing.
Wouldn't it be a lovely gesture if the electricity bills for the businesses giving the emergency services, journalists, and volunteers, free refreshments in #Creeslough was paid for them.
Any idea how this could be organised so that people could donate some money? @USER A  Creeslough lad in Australia started a gofundme for the people if the village with a target of 60k. As I write, it has raised 225k so I think that's probably the place to go.
@USER You missed  @USER  of the list. @USER  @USER Nah Jim bounces well.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Yeah where was summer in the metro areas... Oh right there wasn't ?
How many years ago was 1951. Yeah that would be NICE to know.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
You applied for citizenship? WELCOME :) Ah lovely. We really appreciate you not skipping the line sneeking in the backdoor. People can come to Ireland whatever way they like. Once they’re here and they like it that’s the main thing.
Fucking hell how can you be that degenerate? And how do you have the money for multiple deliveroos per day? shit off, ugly.
Went grocery shopping at Woolworths today and all the shelves were well stocked. Might depend on your area or could just be Aldi not wanting to pay Sunday rates to restock the shelves. I went to Coles and they had everything except hand sanitizer (panadol was low too). I didn't want it myself but was curious if it was still in stock. I personally think people should keep two weeks of food and water for any emergency at all times but mostly people don't until there's potentially an issue then all go out at once to buy shit. So expect people to start buying up soon.
Avatar: the last airbender. I came here to say this.
>How when he was looking for partners to play Badminton, most hindu groups didn't take him in but the Muslim guys welcomed him with open arms.
What? That was hilarious!
Judging by the tractors tyres it's not really that deep. Seems like it would be really easy to bottom out. True, but they probably would have been ok but for the waves created by the tractor which caused them to jump and one jetski to lose a part ( probably bottomed out as you mentioned).
Exactly my point in another sub. If someone said smearing baked beans on your naked body prevents the coronavirus, guess what? Sold out. Maybe that is the case. I went shopping and half the beans had already been bought already.
Cheap supermarket bacon is overseas pork, processed here into bacon. Cheap shitty product, buy local. Our IGA uses local pork and holy shit can you taste the difference. For only a small increase in price you get a vastly better product than Don/Primo.
You're exclusive when you stop seeing other people. I know this sounds like a stupid question, but the guy I’m currently seeing said he’s not seeing anyone else and agreed to let me know if he does see someone else, and the same vice versa. Does that mean we are exclusive for now? I’m new to all this lol (I’m 25, just got out of a long distance relationship).
Are you on WhatsApp ...? @USER Yes baby girl ?
@USER Too early for that Frank! @USER Too kind ?
I’ve never been very liquorice at puns so I won’t bother trying. Deep.
@USER ?
Most peaceful people on the planet. @USER As long as no one messes with us, leave us in peace.
@USER ?Good Morning!!✌️. @USER Have a great day!?
This shit show will be over in 2024. Shah and Modi will be kicked back to wherever shit hole they came from and their balls will be clipped. And then Yogi Adityanath will come.
Guys with moobs - please at least consider a light vest in this weather rather than getting your big knockers out, thank you. @USER Jesus what a horrible person you are.
I would never have guessed such a beautiful shot could have been taken within 50 miles of Bradford. The Yorkshire Dales are within 50 miles of Bradford...
Without telling your age, what song reminds you of your high school years? @USER My Sharona.
My boyfriends arms. That’s really wholesome and sweet :).
Can't get it without being anti-national. Nah , everyone will get it.
What’s for dinner? @USER Chilli con carne, coriander lime rice and accompaniments ?
Schofield and Willoughby say they didn't jump queue when they did. @USER of course they did...
@USER The best you can do is beautiful lol

Lovely.
I hope you are feeling okay x. @USER Thanks Kym, doing ok. ?
If you could “Delete” anything from your past, what would it be? @USER You would only choose to delete something tragic from your past. Which would completely change who you are today. So if you're unhappy with who you are today, delete away.
I was born in 1953 and started public school around 1958. I don’t remember my parents ever calling a teacher or board member complaining about what I was being taught. Ever. @USER There wasn’t the need.
@USER Mine was awful lol Wordle 477 6/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛?
⬛??⬛⬛
?⬛⬛?⬛
??⬛⬛?
??⬛??
????? @USER Is it even a word??
My son ordered the same pizza from Dominos so often, that once when he changed his order slightly they rang him to see if they had made a mistake. But why did he change his order?
Welcome to the Tim David era. 

#AUSvWI. @USER I love it.
Arsenic byproduct of mining. That doesn't seem very fast acting.
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. There is some logic to this (but zero compassion) because they were often the manual scavengers back in the day. It is sick that manual scavenging is still a reality in India, when the technology to wipe out this profession is readily available. Unfortunately our government would rather pour funds into advertising campaigns to plaster Modi's face all over instead of building proper sanitization and sewage systems that make manual scavenging obsolete. And I believe it is inherently wrong to treat anyone as "lower caste" or "untouchable".
This whole sequence is unintentionally hilarious.
Edit: Philip Schofield is now describing the challenge she has to do. Is that for real?
@USER Morning Both. Have a good day. @USER Morning Greg.
The same way baseball and American football works.
Australian Rules, Rugby and Rugby league are three different and separate games, but they are all considered "winter sports" so the season is in our winter. New South Wales and Queensland follow rugby league and the other states follow Aussie rules. 
Cricket is a summer sport so it's played in summer when the footy codes are on their break. Pretty much the entire country follows the cricket. It's not regional based like the footy codes. >Pretty much the entire country follows the cricket
Nope for a long time
There's a reason 20/20 was introduced...
Hey!! Guess what!?!? Today is my wedding anniversary. Maybe I should celebrate by burning my marriage license?! @USER Only counts if it’s recorded and posted??
The only good offroading bikes in India right now in your budget are the KTM Adventure, RE Himalayan, Hero Xpulse and Bajaj Dominar. Though the dominar is not a full fledged off roader it is capable enough as it shares tye same underpinnings as its cousin KTM Duke . The BMW G310 ss is slightly over your budget, so is the KTM Adventure 390, both of these are slightly above 3 lakhs on road after local taxes but are more powerful than all the other options. The Himalayan comes in your budget and the newer 411cc BS6 ones are more reliable than the older BS4 ones, but with RE the problem is you never know when you might get a Lemon. That brings us down to Hero Xpulse whose 200cc engine is underpowered for off-roaders but is good enough in the city. 
If you are the gambling kind i would suggest the Himalayan, otherwise stick to any of the rest. Since you already owned a classic 500 you would be familiar with the temperament of a bullet. Thanks! I think I'm inclined towards the Himalayan, given everything I've read here and on other sites. I'm in India now and will probably visit a KTM showroom or two, though, just to get a feel for the 390. 
I'll check out the BMW G310, just since a few folks have recommended it. It looks to be at the top end of my budget, but there's a chance I may have enough money--my language program is fully funded and comes with a stipend, so if I can save enough money for a BMW, I can get one. 
However, I do have to wonder how practical it'd be to get one fixed on the fly. The big advantage of Enfields, at least in my experience, is that just about any mechanic in India can fix one in a relatively short period of time. 
I've actually had much better luck with REs in India than overseas, in part because a lot of the problems I had were exacerbated by higher average speeds in the U.S.
They are aren't they? I always see on alcohol ads "always drink responsibly.". yeah like heinekens ads are literally all about not drinking and driving.
A nicely brewed Yorkshire tea !! That sentence contains a logical contradiction.
>I feel like we are potentially creating ~~clusters~~ a romantic comedy. He was returning from work in China. 
She was returning from a family trip to Iran. 
They were isolated together due to the deadly contagion. 
But the only thing they didn't expect to catch was...love.
Coming this Autumn 'COVID-19'.
Good Morning &amp; Merry Christmas Everyone!!! ??
Oops, I mean Happy J6 Hearing Day!!?
✌?❤️⚖️?? @USER I spend Thursdays with a couple of grandkids. I need to set my record divice. I have a bullshit xfinity system and I'm struggling with how to do it but I will persist... although grudgingly. We switched to save money. It streams everything ?. I'm not sure about it.
Should I make a giveaway when I have 30k followers?? @USER I am 1 winner for it already ?
Get Shane Meahan on the pitch #clare. @USER There you go.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Who cares about that inept disrespectful tramp looking non entity offensive party’s supposed leader.

A total embarrassment to Scotland and the SNP just by association. He is playing the SNP for all it’s worth and making them look seriously bad.
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Gambling - a curse for so many.
I’d pay your mother to have sex with me. Then I would invest the remaining 7 dollars. Lmaooo.
शव यात्रा में अगर कोई 'राम नाम सत्य है' 
बोल दे तो उसे गोली तो नहीं मार दी जाएगी ?
? @USER तुम जैसो की गोली तो नहीं
.... ""!""
समझ लो क्या मार ली जाएगी.
@USER He’s correct Colin. @USER  @USER It wont get through Wm and if it does it'll just increase UK economic woes. NI will lose southern and EU trade even without border customs.
@USER Always down , never up ? I wonder what happens down there. @USER Actually I heard it go up about half an hour earlier but I was on my mat in the middle of an online Pilates class so didn't look!
@USER ???⚡️Tough Gig for the Aussies! Great turn up Kiwis ⚡️? @USER Love to see it!
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER ?? Definitely hope it gets better from here MC!!
@USER 90% growth in tractors segment compared to 2019. Rural economy bouncing back? @USER  @USER Unfortunately 50% of tractors  endup at construction sites or as garbage pickup.
Just curious. Does anyone ever use the back left burner? @USER Lol, yes. Not often. But yes.
I’m probably going to be downvoted for having my own opinion, but I disagree. I loved their recent program about their DNA and family history. They can be quite funny but more so their banter is fun to watch. They’re just two typical Northern blokes who’ve been best mates since they were kids and it’s nice to see. I liked them for a few years, but then Saturday Night Takeaway started getting repetitive. Ant nearly killing a child was the final nail in the coffin for me.
it definitely  licked the saliva from the corner of your mouth while you slept.. Pretty sure it didnt.
It's so important to post your content to other platforms for growth. You're not going to grow by just streaming constantly and not branching out. @USER ? % FACTS!!!!
@USER my postpaid due was on last day that's 7 October and due to travel I missed it. I made payment on 8th morning but the late  charges are hefty that's INR 590
I have always paid on time. Kindly remove it 
#Paytm #paytmkaro. @USER  @USER  i haven't received any communication yet.
Sandycove, 16c and overcast, a bunch of lads walking towards the dart station. One of which wearing a northface bubble jacket over a hoodie, one topless ??? @USER Did our beach clean this morn, decided not to go in shorts as we were doing the dunes. Man was I glad, I would've been glad of yer man's jacket!!
Care to be more specific? At the moment you're just asking if anybody's seen a mug. Looking to correct my mistake.
Can we perhaps upgrade the travel advice for all these countries please? 
A ban, sure but most of them are “returning” from holidays. There’s no point now. Cats out of the bag.
@USER Hot at home and iced if goin to starbucks. @USER Black or cream ?
Yes. Inherited  property has to be equally divided. person who inherited is alive and he's selling it . He mentioned it's not ancentral property. I'm not sure descendant can object .
@USER Good win against a very average Wexford team. Subs &amp; fitness were the difference. FB line quite poor though. Wexford denied a stone wall penalty at the end. Both Clare midfield taken off too. Won't be good enough in the semi. @USER  @USER Twas no penalty! Watch replay u see at least 2 clare backs ar there.
Look at all those chickens. We are.
You do realise that to ‘take that on notice’ means that they have to provide an answer, just that they don’t have the information at that time? Yes.
He would have been aware prior to estimates what the questioning would be about.
He either did not prepare or was unwilling to prepare for those questions.
It also means all answers to questions are not "off his head" and are in written form after consulting with other bodies (ie. including potentially the government or minister of the day).
Edit: 
Plus if his responses were standard business, it wouldn't have been reported on by multiple news articles and MPs.
The media. They thrive off of fearmongering and people are dumb enough to fall for that. What media are you talking about? This is media. Twitter is media. Facebook is media.
People should stop reading sensationalist news and hyper partisan news. They should stop watching entertainment news (And by that, I mean news that’s designed to be entertainment).
People should absolutely read trusted news sources. Journalists do one of the most important jobs in our Democracies and people should absolutely listen to them, learn how to interpret bias and learn how to have an informed opinion based on that interpretation. Read The New York Times *and* The Wall Street Journal. Read The Economist *and* Foreign Policy. Read The National Review *and* USA Today. Watch NPR. These are trusted sources of news and informed opinion from the left and the right and it’s your job as a citizen to read them and use them to form your own opinion.
A society where we’re all just forming our opinions based on what those around us say or what our own timeline says is not a healthy society.
Getting lots of questions from users saying I have 5G phone but in network settings not showing 5G options.

Don't worry smartphone OEM need to push out a small network OTA update, checked with few brands some already started rolling other said update roll out by next week. @USER Thank you for clarifying. But surprisingly pixel 6 too not showing 5G?
Are you fan of camping in Ireland? I mean, like a real fan? If so do you have any tips as to how one might get the best out of the experience given the - sometimes - not entirely pleasant weather we have? If you'd like to share your wisdom mail me maybe? conor.pope@irishtimes.com. @USER Talk to Mal ? @camping_soul.
Absolute whopper of a rookie mistake.. also, can’t wait 90seconds for your windscreen heaters to defrost it? Are you that important? Haha. >90seconds
Yeah, good one. Some cars take a lot longer than that. It's not unreasonable to look for a way to get it done quicker.
@USER It is bewildering that they think they are invincible and don’t believe in the injuries…until it happens to them.

A game of Russian Roulette. @USER It is odd when the penny appears to drop that the jab may be harmful that they don’t reflect on the fact that they themselves and their children took the shoddy jab based on lies. They should be enraged. It must be a self defence mechanism not to reflect on it too much.
@USER Good morning!! Have a wonderful day ?? @USER Thank you Nati! You too!??
मेरे देश के युवा रात 12 बजे तक बार मे नशा करने वाले नहीं थे, मेरे देश के ऐसे संस्कार नही थे कि अर्धनग्न होकर बच्चियां इंस्टाग्राम पर नाच करें

ये सब बॉलीवुड ने सिखाया है,, 
इसलिए इसका बहिस्कार करता हूँ??yes/no. @USER  @USER yes
सर.
What do people think the worst case scenario is with COVID-19? Like do people think we'll get the country shut down for two weeks or what? Genuine question, I know it's something the government/international bodies don't want to talk about yet/at all so I'm curious what people imagine it to be. Total societal shut down with hospitals bursting at the seams and people dying at home. I think it's likely. Look at italy for a glimpse into the future. 2000 cases in 10 days and they are struggling. Society will pause.
Done many interviews &amp; written several columns on  @USER and her disastrous economic policies so far I have said they are in ‘total disarray’ but seems inadequate as pronouncements get worse daily I have never in my fifty years of doing economics seen anything as bad as this. @USER  @USER  @USER she’s also a dangerous diplomat, not because of any policies, she has no skill at that level, but because of a complete lack of understanding of international diplomacy.
@USER Lol I’m Indian… would hate if I got cancelled for my race ☹️. @USER  @USER Imagine that. ??‍♀️.
Eff no. It is pointless what passes for education these days. I agree with u but it said people who like school.
That's because our secularism is still not cultivated as a value among the masses. Indian society continues to be feudal. We have failed in educating the masses in civic and moral education. Because practice of secularism  by the state from the start is flawed , state should be blind to religions, in all laws  at all avenues, there should not be any blank in any form anywhere which should ask for your religion.
there are 120 acres of land in front of my house and ive been told i can do whatever i want when its mine, but no forestry, funny considering the farm made no money last year. My mum told me that the farm made a profit one year. Just one. Dad immediately went and bought more cattle and was back to the usual loss the next year.
That's technically illegal, I think? You're signing a legal document under false pretences.
EDIT: I'm not sure if I was right here, but you can't change it for frivolous purposes anyway:   URL. You don’t even need to legally change your name by deed poll. You can change your name and start using it. But if you want a passport etc you need to change it by deed poll.
Good morning world, enjoy your Saturday ? @USER On my way to Australia so I can watch the eagles game lol..
Yes South Park-Simpsons. Cartoons more crossover than reference but it count i guess.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER सही कहा आपने, भारतीय न्याय प्रणाली की कमजोरी के चलते उन्हें अभी तक न्याय नहीं मिल सका।।
देर से मिला न्याय भी अन्याय होता है।
9 वर्षो में एक बार भी जमानत या पेरोल तक नहीं मिली।।
अन्याय की पराकाष्ठा है।।.
Tested my 1RM on Saturday. I usually train fasted out of preference. It was not a good idea to go try hit my maxes with no food since the night before.
By the time deadlift came around I was fucking spent.
Squat: 180KG
Bench: 110KG
Deadlift: 170KG
OHP: 70KG
at 80KG bodyweight.
Pretty disappointed with DL, but others were pretty much what I expected.
&#x200B;
Also went into Thrive Festival. Not a bad setup. Listened to a talk by Daniel Davey the Leinster Rugby/Dublin GAA nutritionist. Was a good talk. Hes very good to listen to.
Just needs some sausages in it. My family also does a Yorkshire like this but instead of sausages puts the whole roasting joint in the middle (not covered with batter mind you) , the meaty juices infuse the pudding with amazing flavour.
Like why? We get it, coronavirus is serious, but you don't need like 20 packets of toilet rolls?? There are serious supply issues with toilet paper in China.
You even had a gang of thieves steal a pallet full of toilet paper at knifepoint a couple of days ago in Hong Kong. 
The demand is seriously that high.
Question for people older than me: Were the left always such unutterable pieces of garbage, or have they gotten a lot worse in recent years? @USER They’ve gotten a lot worse.
Hi Hindu, I'm Dad. Hi Dad, I'm Hindu.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Oh I love picnics #theruffriderz. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hellow, Bunty! #theruffriderz.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER No it was a waste of money had to sell my jewellery to bury my son 3 months ago disgraceful.
@USER  @USER Wow! She’s so beautiful!!!!??? @USER  @USER Thank you Anna! ❤️‍?❤️‍?❤️‍?❤️‍?
C'mon man. Making an absurd statement and following it up with,"What would you do?" or "How fucked are you?" is the weakest form of r/AskReddit post.
You're capable of better. You are a higher level of intellectual ability, I wish all posts were by people like you.
So sick of ass posts on almost every sub now a days.
The world is ending 
Change my mind. The world has been through far worse with less tech and a smaller population. 
We’ll be fine. 
Till climate change cuts a lot of us down. And still, we’ll be fine.
Finish this sentence:
The emotion I find the most difficult to control is ________. @USER My sadness once it starts I can’t stop it.
@USER No your so humble .unique .down  to earth Girl  podda. @USER Thank you dear ?
Name me one person in the history of humanity that got sick from using an ATM or petrol pump, I'll wait. There was this one guy who drank straight from the pump and then stuck his tongue into the money dispensing slot while it was open and then lit his tongue. He was fully sick.
We are living through the government that our founders warned us about. @USER You mean the corrupt @GOP?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations  @USER bhaiya! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Vaibhav! Let's rock buddy together and help Ahmedabad with @PolygonAmd.
Where will Leclerc finish? @USER Where is the DNF option? ??
Does anyone else find wind farms really beautiful and actually add to nature. 
There's something so satisfying to me about watching wind turbines rotate knowing it's creating clean energy for us. It's like working with nature, apart from the birds getting sliced in half. I always found the aesthetics argument to be the weirdest argument against them.
I get it's subjective but they're like giant pinwheels!
Fuck yeah. Means I don’t have to ration my toilet paper anymore whenever I have a pull. Yikes!!!
Maybe that it's all devil stuff. I'm like "punk, there's Christian metal too." Lol. Yeah- I myself am a satanist and listen to metal so it dosen’t help the stereotype but like yeah. There is Christian metal and many songs who include God and Jesus in general.
@USER Dyson is amazing! You can also look at Berkinstock as well? @USER I actively dislike how they look, never ☠️.
It's the Surinamese I'm after. Shower of pricks. Plus they all have bad surnames.
@USER  @USER  @USER Itna to parents bhi nahi peeche padte. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Itna to na but my wife will send kids to school. Come what May. Agar administration school bund karde to shayad ladne pohanch jaye, bund kyun kiya.
This reminded me of a story my dad told me when I was younger. My dad and uncles owned an Asian grocery store, one with fruit, veggies and a butcher in the back. One day (some time in the 90's) a guy goes up to the front counter where my aunt was, pulled a knife on her and tells her to give him all the cash. Naturally, she starts screaming at the top of her lungs. So my uncles in the back start running out with giant cleavers. The guy freaks and starts running. My dad was closest to the front of the store, runs out grabbing a durian and hurls it at the guy.
So yeah, don't mess with Asian grocery stores if you don't want to get maimed! Durians kill people in Asia, never walk in a durian area at night as that’s when they fall out of trees when ripe. Also holy shit did your dad throw the durian at him and got him?thay shit would hurt.
I would force the homeless to fight to the death for the money, and then kill the winner to eat both of their corpses. This is the best response I could ever think of.
The problem of using different colours highlighters or pens is everytime you want to change colour to highlight or underline you get confused and waste time in choosing that. @USER ??
Never thought it this way . ?
@USER No bother to her has mammys genes. @USER Not so sure Gillian….am in Dublin this week minding Jack… #DistractionIsGood!
Pineapple is better than orange. There I said it. What is wrong with you???
@USER  @USER He went to the school LOOKING first his child, killed others, left and found his wife and child
Murder suicide 
Ex cop with a drug problem. @USER  @USER  @USER With a Known problem.
September 25th is #SeeSayDay! Take the time today to save the Suspicious Activity Reporting phone number(s) for wherever you live, work, or spend time in your phone. By doing so, you’ll be prepared to help keep your community safe when you see something suspicious. @USER I “see” suspicious activity everyday at the border. It’s all over TV. We all have eyes!!!  Illegal immigrants pouring into the country by the thousands. Do someting!!!
@USER Jalandhar ajo. @USER Jrur bhaine... Dso kdo ayie?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER My memory was the conference last year too fi! What a rollercoaster of a year it’s been ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It certainly has been!
Lindsey Hoyle spent £7,500 of taxpayers money on a mattress and sheets for his bed in the speakers residence. @USER  @USER Very Toriesque.
If I have a cough I should seek medical care? This is some needless panic. It did say fever, cough, and difficulty breathing. Not just cough.
I remember a buddy of mine showed me a snuffpage when i was 9, saw some shit no 9 year old should see, worst was the picture of the gutted corpse of a women with a mans cock penetrating her so that you could see the cock go through the vagina and pop up again inside the gutted part of her abdomen, that picture is still clear as day. That kid wasn't your friend if they were showing you stuff like that, I'm sorry to say.
Though you should've already known that Pieter is barely regarded high in journalists circles, lemme go through his stuff again.
The Caravan article is behind paywall, please post full text. This is cited as source many times in his every piece when ever he gives actual links to RSS.
The Quint article is by same author, and instead of providing proof of links, he is again clutching at straws. Not criticizing the RSS doesn't mean she is RSS, by this logic Kejriwal is supporter of RSS backed violence in Delhi.
Rest whole article is just roaming around the point making useless conclusions. And shit like "she used a Sanskrit word, vhp also uses the Sanskrit word, so she's clearly RSS" when conveniently omits the dact that many from  MMS to Pranav Da have used a common Sanskrit word.
Also, the author seems very, very angry about her tussle with Hillary for some reason, despite it's clearly Hillary in the wrong for making baseless accusations against some of her fellow dems to favor her friends.
Intercept is, well, Intercept. No source, no facts, just how they like it.
That said, please post the Caravan article which provides source of the RSS backing & funding as Pieter claims. >Rest whole article is just roaming around the point making useless conclusions. And shit like "she used a Sanskrit word, vhp also uses the Sanskrit word, so she's clearly RSS" when conveniently omits the dact that many from  MMS to Pranav Da have used a common Sanskrit word.
What are you talking about?? What article are you referring to? There is nothing in any of the articles I've posted about Sanskrit words!
We are a loooong way off from worst-case scenario. Best thing to do is wash hands incessantly, avoid touching the face, avoid big crowds and keep on keeping on. Postpone Italy vacations. Imo panic is more dangerous than corona as it stands. A long way off? Looks pretty grim. Every effort to contain has failed and lots of people will die.
How long has this whole dress g up for book day been around for? I’m 33, and honestly can’t remember doing this back in school. (If we did, I’ve managed to completely erase it from memory ). As a 32 year old, the school would give us a £1 book token, and had a load of books we could buy for a quid.
I didn’t actually learn to read until I was 13, so even then it would have been better if they concentrated on the basics, rather than gimmicks, but what do I know, at primary school I was always called ‘dim’.
Piss. Alcohol
Pissed. Drunk
Pissed off. Angry.
Pissing. Urinating
Pissing down. Heavy rain
Taking the piss. Having a joke at someone's expense
Taking a piss. Urinating. Pisser. Amusing joke or incident.
Pissing around. Wasting time.
Pissweak or weak as piss. Very weak
Piss off. Go away.
Some of these aren't unique to Aus but what a versatile word!
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ?
@USER Maine nahi liya ♥️de ?? @USER Too ab loge or to kya ?
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Bible study.
Is it st Davids day today? just wondering. no idea - he had nowt to do wi sheep anyway.
I wonder if video discs will make a come back. Maybe even Mini Discs will make a comeback, I still have my Sony player and tons of discs. But this Audiphool thing has got out of hand recently. Reel to reel tapes and anything old like nakamichi goes for thousands of dollars. If you have any of those 8 track  tapes man they are worth a fortune if original.
How none of my reddit posts ever get guilded. I'd guild you if I wasn't poor, my friend.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good evening di. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Brother Ji,

Very Very Good Evening and Sweet Dreams Too ?????
Update on #TheLittleRedDot. Now off the coast of North Mayo,the Atlantic hasn’t been kind to them BUT they are still in the race, yesterday’s sun helped dry their v wet gear.
Hoping to make it back by Thursday..thanks everyone for the uplifting support! #MammysVoyageBeginsAgain. @USER You must be very proud of your brilliant daughter.  Only 2 days to go.
I have said this many times before, and here it is again...
Greggs is the Wetherspoons of bakeries: never your first choice, but good enough if nothing else is available. Most sensible comment here. I avoid it because my work suit looks silly in a queue of tracksuits, onesies and pyjamas same way I avoid Wetherspoons because the owner is a total cunt BUT if I need to pick up some vegan sausage rolls for the wife it's the only place to go. Wetherspoons has nothing to offer me.
@USER Flannery and the climate cult have 'selective memory and research syndrome'. @USER  @USER They making money sone pay him hope is no us.
@USER Celtics dik riders incoming

Real rankings:
BI
JB
MIDdleton
DeFrozen. @USER  @USER nah u right , BI took a big step last season.
Not able to understand this frenzy. Sure it's 2 times more communicable than a flu, but it's a water borne disease. 
Panic if someone sneezes at your face or you touch your face when in public spaces. 
People who aren't showing symptoms are less likely to spread. 
Please wear a mask if you start coughing and sneezing and stay at home. Fuck people like you man. This shit requires 20% of those infected to be hospitalized for 3 weeks and has neurological side effects. Also 20% of those hospitalized die due to ARDS. And these are just the official numbers, and I hear the actual numbers are much worse. Also, the virus survives on dry surfaces for upto 24 days in temperate zones and 9 days in warmer locations and it spreads through air as well after the saliva etc evaporates.
The problem therefore is two fold:


the stress on hospitals


the death rate


And in a country like India with bad healthcare already, and states like UP where gomutra is king, you can only imagine the havoc it will cause. I predict the government will not release the death rate numbers.
Anyone ever fractured the wrist or surrounding area? If so when cast comes off is it proper weak and need physio? @USER Still banged up mate?? Fuck me I put my foot right in it tapping u on the head in coach when your jaw was done in aswell ??
@USER No longer buses due to disposable drapes. @USER Sorry used not buses !
It's not an exaggeration to say that Australia has been slowly creeping towards ideological totalitarianism. As the media landscape shrinks even further, I despair that we may drift even further to the right as a nation with an endless stream of corrupt neo-liberal sociopaths in charge for the foreseeable future. It's always going to be "our" fault for voting them in.
Never their fault for being corrupt PoS that shouldn't be near government at all.
Flamingo Nosebleed is my favorite weird band name. i love these guys now.
Biryani and icecream for lunch. Sunday done right bois and grills. Day well spent already 
Niice :).
RTÉ coverage:  URL 
Connected to the confirmed case reported yesterday. Must be a teacher on school trip.
@USER Do you have a German Shepherd? I presume that is the strange thing that happened. @USER Hi tell me please what happened why are you are sat up having a cup of tea in bed .? It looked like there was a German Shepherd at the bottom of your bed. Is that the spooky thing that happened? Do you have a dog.
Viceland on  @USER is currently screening a doco on the IS brides. Many of the hard core are giving the IS finger sign and continue to be ISIS supporters. The interviewer has protection as some of the brides are lethal. And  @USER wants them to come here. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks I'll take a look on SBS on Demand.
You look like a stripper. What did she/he say?
The more you see it, the more you realise that the ordinary citizen thirsts for a more inclusive and humane India. This is why the #BharatJodoayatra is gaining more traction by the day. @USER Humane India, in your view, excludes Peacefuls. You try to condemn stone pelting on Hindus and Hindu religious processions and Sar tan se juda slogans at least once. You never dare to do such a thing.
As usual they're very informative. Stay away from the east of Ireland people. Is it the east of the Shannon, east of Kildare,  what are we gaging this on lads?
I think they can get points on their licence for that but if you didn't get the plate your just have to try and forget about and get dry using those hand dryers at work. Yeah I didn’t get their license plate, they weren’t driving slow. Its ok though, karma will do their thing.
I’m making a ?? Sokkah gc, reply to be added X. @USER Do we have to follow the a league religiously cause I kinda ditched it after GCU folded.
ITT males fucking female zombies. What if a female fucked a male zombie? Would zombie spooge get her pregnant? Don't know what you just said but sounds like a zombie threesome.
Jawahar lal Nehru, without any doubt. XD.
22/23 Premier League Predictions:

?Champions: 
?Rock bottom: 
?Biggest overachievers: 
?Biggest underachievers: 
⚽️Top scorer:
?Most assists:. @USER Liverpool
Fulham
Forest
Leicester city
Haaland
Cancelo.
As an American I can’t believe people would allow themselves to searched so thoroughly just to get into a bar. Yeah sure a pat down for weapons for sure. Seems reasonable. But this guy was talking like they were going through people’s wallets. Seems strange to me. Wouldn’t want to go near a place that does this kind inspection prior to entry. yea its weird right? is it like this in most of the uk?
I went off at my JobSearch provider. The one you’re with gets $500+ per jobseeker, only for them to be useless and I still had to find my own jobs anyway. I asked them “What exactly do you do?!”. 
I literally got no help from them and Centrelink pays them to help me! It’s literally a cash grab.
They told me I was rude for asking them what is their purpose?!
Here’s something they keep hush hush, its your right to choose your own JobSearch provider! If you aren’t happy with the support they give you, you can ask for a transfer to your chosen one. The religious mobs are into this rort big time. And even though the catholics were busted rorting the system (claiming shit they didn't do.. on top of doing fucking nothing anyhow) - there was no repercussions whatsoever. Just more cheques from tax system to allow them to keep expanding their rorts.
Republican? Actually made me laugh, thank you.
मनपसंद शक्स की कमी कोई नहीं पूरी कर सकता
दुनिया की कोई ऐसी ताक़त नहीं है.. जो कर सके।
#pransprady #pradumnupadhyay #kb3. @USER मेरे कहने का अर्थ है की सोच ही एक ऐसा माध्यम है जिसके जरिये आपकी ये कमी पूरी हों सकती है.
@USER ??? @USER I am everything I am because of  him. ?
Ah the old 'I've dropped my sweets' dilemma, do you scrabble around and pick them up putting them in the bag because you'll bin them later (liar); do you kick them under the nearest seat or hide them under your feet/bag until you can make a hasty exit; do you break down in tears at the latest shit hand life has dealt you?
Or do you just sit on the floor and eat them whilst making eye contact with all around you daring them to challenge your need for sugary goodness? Five second rule.
How much are people using? I use it for work, after each shift. Have this massive bottle, used basically none of it and been using it for months. Are they washing their whole bodies with it? 100% these will show up for sale on fb marketplace and gumtree soon with killer markups.
Brexit is just a bunch of rich cunts fucking over a nation so they can avoid the incoming EU tax laws. I mean paying as few taxes is possible is a good thing especially if it’s not even ur citizens benefiting.
Buntoley invites you to the wedding celebration


            of his Tai and soon-to-be Tau



        Hugri Alexabot  ?and  ? commode

? This joyful outdoor ceremony will be held on?
                  Saturday,4/20

          at 6:09 o'clock in the evening



        Sulabh complex , Haryana


     Reception will immediately follow
   Please RSVP by today on given number

    (Nau do gol gol tera du du gol gol). Bunty where is Bunty father, mother, ancestor.
Don't know about other small towns,but here it will be about 10 mins of trucks and tractors. So the people at the beginning will be home and eating spuds by the time it gets to the finish line,  so maybe we can just get it done and over with??? I think people are more concerned about the 47 billion tourists on o'Connell street and in temple bar. Not the 47 people at the Cashel parade.... which is why I'll be going to the Cashel parade.
@USER I agree with you but interesting that both my kids (8&amp;7) LOVE the home shirt and suspect that’s more relevant than one 40-something and another 50-something…! @USER  @USER ❤️❤️❤️.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Bet you’re glad you can now do beer tweets ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER !  @USER nails it again.
My vitamin D is so low smh. @USER Too easy.
@USER Hi Arshil Ahmad,
Greetings for the day ! 
We apologize for the inconvenience caused. We would like to inform you that the shipment is forwarded to delivery team and we have intimated the destination team to arrange for the delivery on priority. kindly wait ! @USER Courier delivered ho gya.
The powers that be really think we are thick as fuck. I'm not sure how you can read social media and think we're not.
J Sea B. nizlopsea.
@USER I'm not quite 40 yet, I'm 36 but still feel like I'm transitioning quite late. @USER  @USER Saaaame.
Who is ROOTING for Beto O'Rourke to be the NEXT Governor of Texas? ✋? @USER ?
Dear  @USER 

 I was returning from the National Games held in Gujarat, and the staff not only behaved badly, but also charged us a hefty amount for excess baggage which was the medals and goodies that we athletes had won. @USER  @USER What do you expect from a third class airlines.? Indigo airlines is worse than the village town bus.
Not a single option for just chicken, butter and bread. Spar are heretics and deserve to be blasted into the sun or Wuhan, whichever is worse. The god tier of CFR's.
The three great universities are Oxford, Cambridge and? "wherever I went"?
.....who the fk orders drugs....... I mean I get Dexamphetamine delivered to my house by chemist warehouse but that's only because I forget to go in and they have my scripts anyway.
Former supporter, last night: “Joe, you’re a Democrat. Just admit it.”

Me: “I’m not a Democrat.”

Him: “U support Democrats. So u support their policy agenda.”

Me: “I oppose most of their agenda. But this isn’t about policy. It’s about our democracy.”

Him: “You’re a Democrat.”. @USER Is it Friday?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब.
@USER  @USER It’s all very “they just don’t realize they are Irish not British, and any day soon they will wake up and realize what a mistake they made”. @USER  @USER  @USER One hopes. It’s called Stockholm syndrome. In the case of wales &amp; Scotland it’s been even more protracted. London only cares for London.
23 people infected. In country of seven million.
A few are on a cruise ship thousands of miles away, the rest are locked up in military airbase. Theres slightly more than 7 million in the country mate.
I'm wondering if we've been to the same Coober Pedy or if there's another one in not familiar with. Yeah, like, what a shithole. If I never returned it'd be too soon.
@USER Oh did they change the name because everytime I see someone post something about Cleveland baseball they are saying “go tribe” “heading to the Indians game” so wasn’t sure if the name change actually went through. @USER No they’re not.
Anyone who knows his bloody past would know how much of a statesman he is. It is highly unlikely that the countries around the world, with all the intelligence capabilities they have, aren't aware of Modi's past. All of them just Ignore everything, because India is a big country that imports a lot and would buy stuff from them. They will continue to look the other way, till we continue to buy stuff from them. The day we stop paying them to buy stuff, we will see many of them suddenly become concerned about the situation in India and will talk about re-establishing democracy.. Very accurate.
What type of woman is Carrie Symonds? @USER She's a social climbing slapper.
Don't know that much more needs saying about how the death of ERII affected us all differently, but am absolutely willing to acknowledge that my hysteria the day The Big Yin checks out will put the most unionjacketed of the last week to shame. @USER Same but when Attenborough pops off.
Are they cops? Why are they wearing bibs? That's a police vest.
No, you are what you are born as. 
NO IDENTIFYING. Jeepers, no need to shout!
Wasn't India the top team in the 40s-60s? > The Indian men's hockey team has climbed a rung to the fourth position, their highest since the inception of the FIH world rankings in 2003, in the recently released chart.
@USER I mean they wanted to build a hotel above the Cobblestone, where The Bernard Shaw was, and above Merchants Arch and all were met with massive opposition and ultimately failed. The problem with Dublin is there aren’t enough hotels because fucking idiots keep protesting them. @USER  @USER You in a ket hole lad?
@USER I don't think it's as dichotomous as that. Lots of men start up new relationships with the women they're cheating with too - and I find that worse, actually! Lots of public examples (Matt Hancock springs to mind!). @USER There are certainly exceptions.
Old colleague rang me today. ‘Just got to tell you this story. My friend who is 68, fit and healthy and still working as a lawyer in Melbourne has just spent 5 weeks in hospital suffering serious neurological symptoms. Doctor told him it was related to his fourth jab. 1/2. I said ‘did you tell your (GP projab) wife this story?’ Answer. ‘Hell no. You’re my release button.’ #antivaxxerlife 2/2.
Hi if someone bought you Chick-fil-A would you eat it or throw it in the garbage? @USER Give it to someone homeless.
Please say a prayer for me for I feel very alone tonight. @USER Jesus is with you.
Yeah, I'm hoping to by this year in Dublin, by myself, and new homes are a complete non-starter. There is no way I could afford any of them in Dublin. Just be rich, duh.
What van would be acceptable for you? 
WE know what a Union flag is you patronising twat. Triggered much?
It’s a fucking disgrace that we can’t protect the doctors and health staff working in hospitals.
Why don’t they have all the protective equipment?
Edit: I know a doctor who works at Westmead hospital that has complained to management that they can’t get a hold of masks. Have you thought about the cost of rich people who don't like paying their taxes LMFAO just get private health you pleb so you don't have to deal with the public. /S 
Probably because it's just a flu.
Someone go to fright fest with me next weekend! It’s Halloween season and I’m trying to do spooky shit bro! @USER Let’s go !
Trump took whatever deal to cut bait in Afghanistan so he can campaign on it for re-election. Doesnt matter to him how it effects everyone else who has been part of this situation.
This will be terrible from India. A bunch of terrorists will be released. Now a decent amount of them will try to join the mainstream and seize power through the government. However there will be a large amount of brutes who are too radicalized or not competent enough to be part of the government. So what happens with them. Well alot of them will be recruited by the ISI for Kashmir. 
Remember the late 80s-90s when battled hardened jidahis rolled in from Afghanistan. Yeaaaah well the Modi government in their eternal wisdom gave Kashmir the middle finger at the worst possible time. Thankfully border crossings are much better controlled however we depended on a lot of information from locals to prevent terrorism and I just dont see them willing to cooperate. No prisoners are being released, Ghani Said.
A Tweet up is needed . I can org a Dublin one ? Kindred spirits need to come together . Too much negativity going on. Let's have fun ? 
 xx 
Pls reply below if interested xx. @USER I'm in Dublin ?? can you explain more about this please? ??
I don't even understand this one. IKEA isn't actually a word, its an acronym for the creator and where he grew up.
If it stood for something norse or whatever (Tron is a good example that seems ridiculous for a western audience due to the film franchise but actually means something different) then you could forgive the parents here, but fucking Ikea? It's a made up story.
AAP is 45% owned by News Corp. Its articles appear throughout the press, including the ABC and The Guardian. The sooner it dies the better.
e: Fair points. It would be better if News Corp sells it stake in AAP. It already has way too much influence in Australian media. In the current landscape I doubt its departure would be a positive.  The division of ownership between competing parties has kept the wire service content pretty straight down the line and the soft content isn’t of any profile.
The photography aspect will be a big blow, particularly in the age of web and social media news, and it will accelerate the demise of newsrooms that are barely holding on as it is.
Dog barks at me every once in a while for no reason. New bad habit. Maybe you should give him more treats? :D.
U have problem with ur life

Look at him
ତିନି ବେଳା ରୋଷେଇ କରି, 
ମଉସା ମାଉସୀ ଙ୍କ ସବୁ କଥା ବୁଝି 
ଗୋଟେ ମାସିକ ପତ୍ରିକାର ସମ୍ପାଦକ ହେଇ
 ସୋସିଆ ମିଡିଆ ରେ ଯଥେଷ୍ଟ ସମୟ ଦେଇ ବି ଆଜି ସେ OAS ପାଇଛନ୍ତି।
ତାଙ୍କ ସଫଳତା ଯେମିତି ଲାଗୁଚି ଆମ ପରିବାର କାହାର ସଫଳତା।
ପ୍ରେରଣାର ଉତ୍ସ ସେ
❤️ ତାପସ ଭାଇ. @USER ❤️ ଭଲ ଲୋକ ସଫଳତା ପାଇଲେ ଭଗବାନଙ୍କ ଉପରେ ଭରସା ଆସେ ଓ ବଞ୍ଚିବାକୁ ଇଚ୍ଛା ହୁଏ.
@USER Fantastic Elaine ?? @USER The relief B ????
@USER He’s blues apparently but either way it’s the most embarrassing attempt I’ve ever seen. @USER Why would you hit such a legend.
Ballarat
Race 10  No.8
DAN MIELICKI
$100 WIN       #DAY7
 @USER #harnesscharitychallenge 
#TrottersOnly     
Was $6.50 Fixed early ☹️. @USER  @USER Might of forgot to take off.
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. I struggle with this as well..... It would be a huge hell of a conspiracy theory.
Check yourself if the above information is written on  Canadian official website 
 URL 
If you open the article title and body are contracting each other. 
Edit:.
u/futuoerecutus provided me the url  which has the stated information. 
 URL 
It appears to be genuine. It does state to "Exercise High degree of Caution" in India. However it doesn't tells explicitly the reasons that are there in the article.
Feck off with your PIRA/MI5 propaganda will ya. MI5: Big fans of the IRA.
Female directors that are also mums (and likes musicals) - make yourselves known! @USER And @hannahinlondon.
Can we perhaps upgrade the travel advice for all these countries please? 
A ban, sure but most of them are “returning” from holidays. There’s no point now. Cats out of the bag.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER How awesome!
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER उत्तम वचन
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
Parents of children aged 3-8, is everything in your house broken? @USER Yes, replaced then broken again ?
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Who cares about that inept disrespectful tramp looking non entity offensive party’s supposed leader.

A total embarrassment to Scotland and the SNP just by association. He is playing the SNP for all it’s worth and making them look seriously bad.
@USER Cheers Ian and everyone ????? @USER Cheers??Ian.
Jason Momoa, i'm straight but if i had to, that guy could tear me up. Ouch your butt.
“For I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God that brings salvation to everyone who believes: first to the Jew, then to the Gentile.”
Romans 1:16. @USER  @USER Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl. Instead they put it on its stand, and it gives light to everyone in the house. In the same way, let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.

Matthew 5:15-16.
Why pay when NATO and the UK do it for free, eh? defending from who exactly ? The Uk has been the only threst to us.
It's actually illegal (UK) for drivers to do this on purpose to pedestrians now. I don’t think they did it on purpose, per se, but they definitely could’ve reduced the amount of splash by being aware of the road.
@USER  @USER I just read your tweet to my husband &amp; he said 
"YEP, he's just an all round F***k Wit" ???? @USER  @USER ?? intelligent man you’ve got there ???
with Medical stuff I think. Care to elaborate?
Irrigation scam has put this guy on BJP leash. Dafq? He is deputy CM
He was given clean chit by BJP
Who is on whose leash again?
Did no-one tell the Laois folk there was supposed to be more than just the name? Whoever did Cork's one is letting down the team too. I mean, come on, we're the biggest county! They had the most stone to work with! The potential was there!
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER A cheat snd a thug.
Fu#$ing eye watering.
But we can't afford to increase Newstart.
Trump would be proud. This is what would really stimulate economy.
What do you love about each other? Jokes on you I only have one parent lol.
My theories ..
.Modiji is Celebrating April 1st in March 
Yoga baba is coming out with a new app ../ or he's going to make tik Tok videos 
Last..humara bada khatnewala Hein .. My theory - All of the above.
Road traffic offenses arent criminal offences as such. 
This is not legal advice but I don't think it would be on your vetting anyway. 
I got a copy of my stuff and the penatly point stuff wasnt on it. Thanks.
Sometimes i do it on purpose when im in a bad mood. But when it happens to me i get annoyed. Hmmm...
Ugh Newstart was the WORST. I moved states and had to be on it for a little while. They tried to send me to a literacy program, one to ready you for work, and one for writing CVs. I escalated through the useless people there finally to a manager and she was the only one who listened when I told her I had a bachelor with honours and had just left my PhD to move. That I had worked in the industry already and my CV was great but it was grant season, and jobs wouldn't start being advertised for two months or so.  Literally the ONLY person who listened.
Like, those courses were filled withand directed at people who hadn't finished school. How do you look at my details and not think 'yeah probably no need for literacy and basic math for this person'. I literally had one of these people tell me to take my PhD, lab experience and bachelors off my resume so that I could apply for jobs in retail. I was very happy to land a job by the time these fucktards were able to call me again.
9/11, no matter what you say or think, that was absolutely, 100% guaranteed... An inside, controlled demolition based, Governmental job. a conspiracy that big, being kept quiet for 20 years, is ridiculous.
Got to know yesterday that our company is getting shut next month due to loss. And this was my first job. Preparing resume now to apply for other companies? Oh man. Sorry to hear that.
Northern Ireland would like a quiet word. Northern Ireland doesn't have any quiet words. ;).
Kerplunk ftw! Buckaroo was my jam. Guess it set me up for my stunning shopping carrying without a basket skills in adult life.
How buggered am i? 28 with heart failure. I'm sure your lungs are perky compared to my 45 years of abuse.
The fact my anxiety manifests as irritability, resulting in me sometimes being a dick to people I care about. hey someone else commented about anxiety!
I keep forgetting to put a #Gardening Lol. @USER  @USER Hahaha ?
Be the change you want to see, don't just moan. Brainless comment.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER No it was a waste of money had to sell my jewellery to bury my son 3 months ago disgraceful.
How is nobody talking about how Brooke has not mentioned the apple when she has been all "THOMAS HAS A KNIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIFE!" 

#ohbrookeohtaylorohbrooke. @USER Doesn’t suit the narrative ?
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I don't even think he's dead. There's a bunch of shady shit with his autopsy and he could've easily faked his death.
If i have to guess, Infosys, TCS or Wipro. All three have offices in dubai in knowledge city, along with 7 other indian firms that i know off ( plus mine ). No way to be sure.
BTw...we got an internal memo last week prohibiting any traval ( unless absolutely required ) via transit hubs like BK, Dubai, KL or SG.
@USER Sending love Noeleen ❤️. @USER ?Sharon x.
@USER Odeio-a tanto. @USER Samesies.
Name me one person in the history of humanity that got sick from using an ATM or petrol pump, I'll wait. There was this one guy who drank straight from the pump and then stuck his tongue into the money dispensing slot while it was open and then lit his tongue. He was fully sick.
@USER What is the sense of the job DeSantis is doing wrt hurricane recovery?  Does she have an opinion? @USER Honestly, he seems to be doing well there, to her, and even my, perspective. He’s not dumb and decent in a crisis. But, it’s his views and lies that got her.
I think it’s better to use Skype when travelling abroad. You have no idea what OP os talking about. Do you?
The powers that be really think we are thick as fuck. I'm not sure how you can read social media and think we're not.
YOU TAKE THAT BACK. Yeah!! There's pink matter inside the yellow matter!
My 70+ Mum in WA has been waiting all day for a Telehealth to get a referral for a PCR - so much for taking antivirals ASAP  @USER 
#auspol. @USER  @USER  @USER He wouldn't care, he and his family would get instant attention. Absolute disgrace, worse than a 3rd world health system. Very scary! Hope your Mum is ok soon???
Drake. His music doesnt seem so good in my opinion. It is just bland and the same.
Two most difficult areas in counseling in medicine -
1. Convincing a patient with widal positive test that they don't need an antibiotic
2. Convincing patient to start/switch to insulin when the situation demands.
#MedTwitter
Any other issues frequently faced in counseling? @USER Convincing patients tht severe depression ( with or without psychotic symptoms) is not the time to go for therapy and needs meds?
Get fucked. I’m Irish American, she’s right to march by me.
And I’m as Irish as you, bro. You don’t have to be Irish to be Irish. And you don’t have to be Irish to be Irish either. Nan and Pop were born and raised in Ireland and Dad always taught me I was Irish. The Irish never stop being Irish. Why do you think we march in those parades anyway?
EDIT: I’m leaving this here and you guys can downvote it to hell, like I give a shit. It’s not up to you if I’m Irish or not. I know I’m Irish and I’ve got the passport to prove it. If you have a problem with that, you gotta open your fucking eyes and stop being so goddamn judgemental. Fucking telling people they’re not Irish, shame on you. >And I’m as Irish as you, br
You're American ?
Hugo Boss got rich off using Jewish slaves to make Nazi uniforms. Fuck them. No he didn't, he got famous through comedy.
@USER Oh Prue. If you're at the point where you think trolling a child is a great idea Dan Murphy's really should hold an intervention. @USER  @USER Had me laughing out loud ??
I am about to share something that is so shocking to me that I feel I need to simply share the information, and then withhold comment until I can fully process…. @USER Lol. Another misinformation in 3,2,1….
@USER ఎవరు అవునన్నా కాదన్నా నల్లగొండ జిల్లా ఫ్లోరైడ్ భూతాన్ని తరిమికొట్టింది తెరాసనే... @USER  @USER Yes it's true.....Jai KCR Garu.
@USER You're correct but their way sounds much more dramatic.. @USER  @USER Indeed,much histrionics and an extraordinary display of flouncing . I could never come close to emulate that level of exposition .(I was a disappointment to my parents ).
‘It’s hard to believe I’m walking through the first ever city. Because I’m not. That’s in Iraq, which is miles away. And fucking dangerous.’. @USER I watched this last night. It was so funny.
What about this one?  URL. It's not very typical but the sky fell down..
@USER Happy birthday Fat Bul. @USER Thanks Money.
Recipe for Fish:

Take a white fish and fillet it.
Brush the side with beaten eggs
Sprinkle peanut chutney on it. Press lightly to ensure it sticks on the fish. (Refer peanut chutney details at end of comment)
flip over and apply eggwash and then chutney sprinkle on it
Fry 2 mins per side on a pan which is on medium heat

Recipe for rice:

Cook rice as you normally do (I used a rice cooker).
After rice is done, mix in chopped fresh herbs ( I used oregano and basil)

Recipe for coconut milk gravy:

In a sauce pan saute chopped onions till they turn translucent. Use oil with a high smoking point or ghee.
Add in chopped tomatoes and mix
add spices (salt as per taste, red chilli powder 1/2 tbsp, turmeric powder 1 tsp, garam masala 1/2tbsp, coriander powder 1/2 tbsp, and asafoetida 1 tsp.)
mix spices and wait for oil to be released.
add 1 can of coconut milk and mix.
bring to boil on high heat. reduce heat and let simmer for 3-5 mins.

Plating:

Use the rice to create a bed/foundation layer
place fried fish
use a ladle or spoon to pour gravy on the sides of the rice (like a moat)
garnish with micro greens or chopped herbs.

Peanut Chutney:
Typically you can purchase dry peanut chutney in indian stores. I have used what is known as 'Shengdana chi chutney' (chutney of groudnuts) commonly used in maharashtra with vada pav. You can make it at as follows at home:

Take peanuts/ground nuts and dry roast them on medium heat till they turn brown
peel off any remaining skin
pound the peanuts in a mortar and pestle along with diced garlic, red chilli powder, cumin seeds, and salt. I use 1/3rd cup of garlic cloves, 1 tbsp red chilli powder, 1 tsp cumin seeds, and 2 sprinkles of salt for 1 cup of peanuts.
You can use a food processor as well, but it will make it a fine powder. mortar and pestle will need some elbow grease but will give a more granular texture. That just looks scrumptious. I am surely gonna try it soon! Thank you for the recipe.
I'm hearing through the grape vine  that this fella confirmed with the virus yesterday who arrived back 2 weeks ago and didn't quarantine himself lives in greystones, Wicklow. Anyone else hear this? Supervalue greystones might be infected.
Wild at Heart. This. Used to get a loaf cake and have a slice with a cup of tea. Wasn't old when it was on but it just felt really...nice.
Okay so how about we redefine what summer and winter means so they balance out again.
/s obviously. Out of curiosity, what does summer and winter mean to you? The headline is clickbait as summer and winter are only defined as time. These researchers just used average temps at the start of summer and winter in the 50s and 60s then measured when we hit those temps now..saying that’s when summer and winter now start; dumb. Averages don’t work in Australia. Averages only work in places where the actual temperatures are close to the average for the majority of the time. This has never been the case for Australia.
I don't use Tinder, I use the Obituary section. As long as she is not decomposed is ok. Must be your life philosophy.
What's the boy word for slut? Boyslut.
Whatever the cork management decide blooding a spine of Connolly at 14 and Joyce at 6 Downey at 3 will benefit Cork hugely in the long run all players under 21 while Galway in opposite position had Burke Mannion and Cooney all seasoned players from Michael donoghues time. @USER Forget about it, Cork are a useless shambles of a group.
@USER  @USER Getting a bit jealous now.     Lol. @USER  @USER Not too late! Lol. Still tickets for DST. Flights are available! ?
@USER If Collingwood rate him so highly why did they low ball him with their contract offer? Actions speak louder than words. @USER  @USER How much was the lowball offer Ned?
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. The fact it blew up as a meme made so that now more people know that he didn't kill himself.
जबसे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की हत्या हुई है तबसे अब तक 35 बॉलीवुड फिल्मे फ्लॉप हो चुकी है,,

कुछ साल और बहिस्कार और सारी गंदगी साफ़ हो जाएगी बॉलीवुड की !! @USER Bollywood Boycott.
People say this every year. We've only been saying it since 2016. Remember when 2016 started with a load of celebrities dying? Then Brexit, then Trump. The celebrity deaths culminated with George Michael and Carrie Fisher in December. Seriously go look at all the amazing musicians and actors that died in 2016. Ever since then the world has gone fucking mental.
It makes me wonder why don't they put headlights on gimbal mountings so they stay horizontal irrespective of dips and slopes in the road surface. They can do it with steadicams - why not headlights? The headlights need to be level relative to the slope of the road, or they will be too high when coming downhill and too low going uphill.
It’s too late. One in every five Aussies will get it. I also agree it can’t be stopped but still worth slowing it down until vaccine becomes available.
My youngest brother and his wife married on Feb 29th. He became my hero. Today is their fifth anniversary. Means it's been 20 years since their marriage?
@USER Weight kaafi put on hgya h ? aur exams tk hosh me rehna h to mid Nov tk No Choley Bhaturey ?‍?️???? @USER  @USER CA's child be like

A for Asset

B for Balance Sheet

C for Chartered Accountants

D for Documentation

E for Equity

Continue in the comments......
Two data points in isolation are not a trend. Was the decline consistent over that 10-year period or was that a single-year anomaly?
It's no different than saying that the average world temperature was the same in 2007 as it was in 2019, therefore climate change isn't real.
Need more information. Even if claim costs falling in 2018 was a blip, why hasn't any of that been passed on to consumers in 2018 or 2019?
This is the first time I've ever seen Deed Poll written down. For 21 years of my life I've quitely and unsurely muttered 'Deepoll' whenever it's cropped up in conversation. r/boneappletea.
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. It would show an existing endemic virus has killed more people than a brand new one, I'll ask Captain Obvious to put it together.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ??????
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nehru stadium was built on Gulkawwana kere. Now the lake has taken back its place. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Exactly my point . Gulkawwana has regained it's lost glory ! Hope they convert it back to what it was . Make it a Paradise in the middle of the city .
#AnCailínCiúin ? Best Irish film of recent years, no doubt. @USER  @USER Gan dabt  ar bith!
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER Hahaha.
#ToryBrexitDisaster 
#ToryCorruption 
#ToryCostOfGreedCrisis.
If I have a cough I should seek medical care? This is some needless panic. It did say fever, cough, and difficulty breathing. Not just cough.
Half of all the entertainment profits (movies, books, tv shows). That's a lot of money.
This reminds me of the Guinness brewery in Dublin. Guinness (in the unlikely event that you're unaware) is an iconic irish beer whose very existence is tightly entwined with Irish culture. (Think India & chai) Turns out Arthur Guinness, the founder was a Protestant absentee slum landlord who fully supported the British occupation of that country, dutifully paid taxes to Westminster and supported the suppression & eradication of the native culture.. Damm, never knew this.
But conflict between unionist and nationalists is not like anything we see in subcontinent.
Even with religious differences, Europeans helped each other like saxony being protestant helped catholic Habsburg who slaughtered protestants.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! How long does it take to get irish citizenship?
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. That's literally what the article is about... I guess nobody reads the articles anymore?
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Gambling - a curse for so many.
The Corona virus was man made to cause the economy to collapse. Thus giving the Democrats a chance at winning the 2020 election. Really?  You think that’s “too logical to ignore”?
another "sealion" troll.
Sealioning (also spelled sea-lioning and sea lioning) is a type of trolling or harassment which consists of pursuing people with persistent requests for evidence or repeated questions, while maintaining a pretense of civility and sincerity.
Sealioning - Wikipedia.  URL. I'm sorry, I don't see anything persistent about OP's requests.
No need for a leaving cert in a post corona economy. There’s no college course for killing your neighbor and raiding his freezer. Bold of you to assume there will be electricity in the post Corona world.
Shepherds pie is made with lamb. Good to hear the real truth.
It's the flu.  A higher percentage of old and sick people might die than the regular flu.  But not that much higher. 
Everyone is freaking out. 
I don't get the obsession with toilet paper though. >old and sick people
Boomervirus.
@USER Oh did they change the name because everytime I see someone post something about Cleveland baseball they are saying “go tribe” “heading to the Indians game” so wasn’t sure if the name change actually went through. @USER No they’re not.
I'm officially a Daemon apologist from today. This episode of #HOTD was ? @USER Daemon Supremacy #HOTD.
I literally passed a cafe an hour ago with himself sat in the window with other people and he looked stressed to fuck. I'm sure he's not worried about his staff members who he laid off. Click farms are nonsensical. If any account or post has a high number of likes or followers I'm always wondering how many actual real people liked it or followed it and how many bots did the same.
Hot chocolate from Greggs. Maybe tomorrow on my way to work.
Every time I come to Alice Springs and visit First Nations townships &amp; remote communities I’m given most important reminder of how colonisation &amp; systemic oppression &amp; disenfranchisement of First Nations peoples remains pervasive. Truly our national shame and a stain on us all. @USER Best you had home to Greece with your family then,  hand your house back if you feel so strongly.
Ronan Farrow is obviously Frank Sinatra's kid and not Woody Allen's. 
See for yourself. Yup.  That's not Woody's DNA at all.
I'd respect him more if he didn't send India down the Soviet path to collapse instead of the South Korean path to growtj. No thanks
 URL 
Atleast the indian government didn't force our women into sex slavery for the Soviets. Rather be poor than deal with this shit.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. Stuffs amazing. I had a serious chesty cough shortly after Christmas that just would not see to lift. I went through like 3 bottles of benylin before I switched to exputex and it cleared right up.
Pasta pillows, yes. Pasta cushions even because of the frilly edge. 
But pasta teabags? No. Yeah that implies that you dip them in the water and then bin them before drinking your slightly pasta flavoured water.
I have a bidet so can ration toilet paper pretty well but I guess a lot of people can't :P I can understand why people might stock up on it if they're worried though, they'll eventually use it so not really a waste of money plus it's one of my worst nightmares to run out of toilet paper and I think I'm not alone in that fear. Bidet salespeople should be working overtime right now.
According to new polling, Americans think Biden’s student-loan bailout is unfair by a margin of 59% to 32%. @USER Who did the polling?
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. There is some logic to this (but zero compassion) because they were often the manual scavengers back in the day. It is sick that manual scavenging is still a reality in India, when the technology to wipe out this profession is readily available. Unfortunately our government would rather pour funds into advertising campaigns to plaster Modi's face all over instead of building proper sanitization and sewage systems that make manual scavenging obsolete. And I believe it is inherently wrong to treat anyone as "lower caste" or "untouchable".
Y'all can't cope with the fact that not everyone in the world supports Western liberalism. That's not even the issue though, it's the fact that someone feels entitled to the understanding and empathy of others without having an open mind themselves.
It's hard to have a discussion when someone is so convinced that they are in the right they are blinded to even listening to everyone else. Nobody is 100% right. Not this guy, not Western liberalism, not any of us. So we could all do a better job at keeping our egos in check and listening to what someone has to say.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER One question . 

SHOULD SCOTLAND BE INDEPENDENT.

Ban all coverage from any political parties, let the people decide with their own conscience.
Bloody Dutton’s comments at the end just fill me with shame and despair - what a complete c*nt. I'm just glad we dodged the bullet of that mini 'tator becoming PM.
Those worries are superseded by worries of your own death. The older you get the less your own death should scare you. You worry about other people more than yourself eventually. I'd rather outlive everyone in my life if it will cause them less pain.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Oh are you guys in JGU? 
I did not know at all. I would not miss listening to Mr. Ranade. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Please come to T1 F20 if you’re free.
House homeless and refugees in the Seanad. How can we have Reddits when there are homeless???
DISGRACE.
What do you propose he should do? I’m a fan of letting the coronavirus run rampant in the elderly community, they want a return to the good ol’ days, nothing will bring them closer to that period than rampant pathogens.
@USER Awwww, how adorable. Tippy's not impressed in the slightest. ? @USER I know right ????
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER Both.
While our scientist are not excited to work on it, US has already patented it :   URL  
 URL. Sir, You can even get a patent for minor changes in Mickey Mouse, then this is a by-product of a cow, with a potential market for India. Why wouldn’t they do that?
At their peak who was/is the best? @USER Pat fuckin edderry
He could get a rocking horse up on the line in listed company.
@USER It wasn't about her or what she wore. I preferred Princess Anne's attitude. She wore a uniform, including trousers, didn't allow the press to witness a squeezed-out tear, was dignified and dutiful. Nothing about her. She knew she was photographed but didn't play to it. Heroic! @USER Nobody photographed her because she looked "beautiful", but she was admired by millions.
In research, it's not enough to be 99.9% sure, you have to be 100% sure. How many of you agree?  @USER  @USER  @USER @AcademicDilemma. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Depends on the context? Nothing in Biology is 100%. Do you need to be 100% sure that you sterilised the laminar flow before working with cultures? Absolutely. Does a result 100% prove a hypothesis? Not necessarily! It's all part of the fun ?.
Trump is addicted to amphetamines. I'm fairly certain he's on a Michael Jackson level prescription regime.  Sometimes he's slurring, sometimes he's fairly sharp, he's almost always kind of confused.  Might just be age related, but remember his doctor from before he was President, the long haired weirdo who had his files confiscated by a lawyer and two thugs?  ( URL )  And then Trump wanted "Dr. Feelgood" to head the VA?   URL 
Trump likes his pills.
another jobless bollywood sanghi found
 URL. Who knew the brother of Ekta Kapoor, the sanghis favourite TV producer, was a RW zombie. 
Tusshar (why there are two s in his name is beyond me) is a Akshay Kumar clan fixture. This was expected.
That would be Elon Musk's SpaceX Starlink Satallites. They launch them 60 at a time and they slowly drift apart to their final position over time. So for a while after launch they follow each other in a line like that. They are highly reflective so at dusk and dawn they can be easily spotted. Thank you mate this seems much more likely than aliens.
Masturbated to catchphrase at Saturday dinner time. It’s good, but it’s not right.
The First Peoples’ Assembly just delivered a petition signed by over 50,000 Victorians to the Premier’s office.

It calls on him to reverse the Government’s disrespectful decision to rename Maroondah Hospital.

If this Government is serious about Treaty, they'll listen. @USER How about doing something vaguely constructive in terms of improving peoples lives instead of virtue signalling for the Green's political bemefit.
Bumping privates. Happy cake day!
One thing to understand is, that this cannot be contained, all analysts are saying that countries can only buy time, while they get prepared. So it will definitely come, it is even spread to US and Canada. 
Also this is not a death sentence, chill and follow best practices. Might not be a death sentence, but to a country of 1.3 billion, if it spreads and people to not listen to health officials, it can cause serious damage that will be very expensive in terms of recovery. 
We all have China as an example, see how much of the businesses are struggling and how much it is impacting the economies. With only 2 cases confirmed in India, the the sentiment if the investments have been affected today.
So I definitely would suggest to chill, but also to be prepared....
@USER  @USER Biggest reason: traveling to Edinburgh. Any chance on an EU tour? @USER  @USER All depends on how Edinburgh goes!
Who wants another Badscandal Glen power release? @USER Oh yes, please ?❤️.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. My favourite for reviews is when a clearly online username the owner replies with "No Ardee959 ever stayed here! What a snake in the grass". Like of course some people use an online name?
Let’s just focus on this, for this minute: PROMOTE AND OFFER OPPORTUNITIES to existing staff. Like, a very obvious, long held custom that seems not very en vogue especially by the population with thinly veiled disgust towards the youth’s work ethic. We can’t win w y’all. And don’t just promote the COUGH MOST PROBLEMATIC ONES. Ok logging off before I’m slapped w a hasty call, or worse, you know what. I’m just sayin ??‍♀️.
Two most difficult areas in counseling in medicine -
1. Convincing a patient with widal positive test that they don't need an antibiotic
2. Convincing patient to start/switch to insulin when the situation demands.
#MedTwitter
Any other issues frequently faced in counseling? @USER Doctors' community themselves had made antibiotics a norm rather than an exception. Sad state of affairs. Patients now need anti-antibiotics councelling.
Change the law. Legislators legistlate - the joys of democracy. Rent controls are common in EU countries - let's do it - for a while anyway to see how people like it. We don’t have to see if the people “like” it, we can already see the effect of it in other countries, and pretty much every single economist agrees that any form of rent control is very bad and has a serious negative impact on housing.
@USER People are quick to assume. I'm always smiling, yet people say I'm stuck up.??‍♀️ 

But the key point is, it's someone who doesn't know you personally that said it. Let them keep assuming. Don't let it bother you. It used to bother me. Not anymore. @USER Thank you so much for your kind words?
We need a couple more Sydney/Melbourne cities so it doesn't all end up in these two cities. 5 million is already uncomfortable. They could be existing smaller cities or we identify areas that have the capacity to be big cities and build from scratch when mass infrastructure can be built cheaply. 
This takes vision and leadership, which we haven't seen in this country in a while unfortunately. >This takes vision and leadership, which we haven't seen in this country in a while unfortunately.
Even with strong leadership, it is pretty difficult to force this in a capitalist, neoliberal society. People live where jobs are, jobs are created by the market, and the market favours existing big economic hubs. It is much easier said than done to shift our population.
Maintain eye contact and keep going. “Smile and wave boys”.
If he worked for two days while he was sick then he could have infected plenty of people in Bangalore. (Think of the first case in Germany that was spread by a Chinese worker who visited Germany for a few days and how many cases that resulted in) They need to trace them too and not just the passengers on the bus and the hospital staff.
This tree and this wiki tells us the chinese lady resulted in 12 cases(4 spread directly and 8 indirectly) before the cluster was contained through contact tracing, isolation, quarantine and hospitalization. Bengalurians are fucked.
There's no hope with dope. Pack it up lads. If it rhymes it must be true.
@USER It doesn't look like you. @USER ??
In unrelated news, bidet sales are through the roof. wish bum guns were a thing in Australia, so much better than toilet paper.
11 GOP AGs just asked 11th Cir. to side w/Trump &amp; Cannon over DOJ — not by arguing law or facts but by saying Biden’s gov’t dsn’t deserve the usual deference due Executive, just as Cannon said Trump deserves better treatment than other people! So much for equality before the law. @USER They should all lose their job.  #VoteBlue.
@USER ଶାଶୁ କୁ କଣ ପାଇଁ ଛାଡ଼ିଲ ତାଙ୍କୁ ବି ସାଥି ରେ ନେଇ ଆସିଥାନ୍ତ ? @USER ???
@USER He’s correct Colin. @USER  @USER It wont get through Wm and if it does it'll just increase UK economic woes. NI will lose southern and EU trade even without border customs.
Yeah but it’s funny because it’ll do nothing to stop the spread of coronavirus.. True, if it is a droplet infection. 
Ring-a-ring o' roses,
A pocket full of posies,
A-tishoo! A-tishoo!
We all fall down.
> A motel on the New South Wales South Coast has charged a guest $50 for writing what it described as a "defamatory" review.
> 
> Sharon Graham spent two nights at the Mollymook Ocean View Motel last week, and gave the motel a score of six out of 10 on the website Booking.com.
> 
> Ms Graham said the location was good but a bit noisy, and that she was unsure whether the motel offered daily room service.
> 
> "I thought it was quite a fair review," Ms Graham said.
> 
> Ms Graham was shocked when, having checked out, she received a second invoice which listed a $50 credit card fee for leaving a "false review" online.
> 
> The motel said the $50 will be refunded when the review is taken down.
> 
> "Social media bookings false review will be refunded if removed within 24 hours," the invoice read.
> 
> Motel management claimed the review was misleading and harmed the business's public image.
> 
> "The score is not even close to the average rating," the motel said. I read this woman's original post on Facebook. She was actually then charged another $50 for "administrative letter writing". Contacted police who called the motel manager to tell her what she was doing was illegal, but the manager hung up on them. There were a slew of other examples in the comments of the manager responding poorly to reviews, even threatening one person with a call to immigration. Someone even found a positive review that the manager had written herself under her own name, and then responded to as the business to give thanks.
Hi if someone bought you Chick-fil-A would you eat it or throw it in the garbage? @USER I’d  eat the fries if I was hungry.
How to gain followers? ? @USER Kachaa badaam wali video bana lena?
Just arrived in T 1 Dublin Airport last night. Gosh it is an absolute disgrace. Toilets manky. Toilet paper all over the place. The arrivals hall full of litter. Luggage hanging around all over the place. Absolutely so management evident at all. I’m thinking about our tourists…. @USER Irish tourism sector  @USER  @USER  @USER need to advocate for management changes  @USER it's a disgrace ppl not fools plenty of travel options to Belfast and Derry very busy ? #Belfast #DerryGirls #GameofThrones #Titanic ✈.
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. So would you never pay for any recipe book then?
Abuse of teachers and school admin (particilarly female staff) is chronic. Most of the article is behind a pay-wall, but the first few paragraphs are suitably appalling.
Leticia James has moved her Press Conference to 11:30am. 

Just FYI. @USER I suspect that Donald Trump's  taxes will finally be released and she will take him to court for tax evasion in the state. His cult still won't believe whatever she says. The rest of us will, though, and that's what matters.
Delhi is capital of India &amp; BJP MP is giving public call to boycott Muslims economically, is he custodian of all Hindus?  I call upon dalits , OBC &amp; secularists to increase transactions with Muslims &amp; vice a versa. Enough is enough! @USER As you said, enough is enough. Borne the burden for 8 1/2 years. Time to throw these guys out. Establish true democratic principles.
I think the producers would do my nut in if I was ever on the show. All that silly happy clappy waving and bullshit is cringy af. But then your granny sits in the crowd and you just wanna let her brag about it to her friends for the week.
Suggest Film titles for my new feature film:. @USER  @USER دلہن چند رات کی وہ بھی میاں کے کہنے پر.
> Reviewer. Theatre. TV. Film
Sure, but it sounds like you've got quite the back log of movies because this one came out about 3 and a half years ago. ? the state of this twatter profile...
I didn't take the call personally (thankfully) but I heard the recording of a mother who found her 3yr old at the bottom of the pool. Her screams were truly horrific. oh shit. is the baby okay?
Pyaar ka dusra naam kya hay? @USER Dhoka.
Never realised how much I touch my face til they told me not to. I can't stop doing it! I keep touching my lips. Constantly. I don't know if I have always done this.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER ? I hear you.
@USER that’s the best coffee you could get in Melbourne?

I’m insulted. @USER i was in a hurry, don’t cancel me for this.
Why restrict it to men? Men seem to have the most trouble getting partners today.
Is it just me or is being raised in a big city (Mumbai in my case) really different from being raised in a small town?
The aspirations and priorities of kids in the 2 aforementioned categories of places are so radically different. Elaborate.
Making mates as a fully fledged adult is a widely shared challenge. Being a gay lad also has its own unique problems attached to the challenge. I agree with your sentiments with regards to other gay guys. It’s very difficult for many, myself included, upon knowing someone new is gay, to separate their sexuality and not consider having sex with them. Just thinking of someone in that regard is going to really skew the foundations of a friendship developing organically.
On the other end, becoming mates with straight lads, I’ve gotten great at shutting down notions of dating or sex with a guy once I find out he’s straight. Yet there is a general sense of unease when I meet new straight guys, I think most of it stems from me being overly cautious to  ensure they don’t think I’m in any way coming on to them at all, I would hate to make someone feel uncomfortable in that way. So baseline friendliness is reduced as a result because I’m over-compensating for them knowing I’m gay and being perhaps sensitive to anything I may do or say.
Clearly I’m reading a lot into it here, but I ask myself similar questions as you appear to be. The friends I have made as an adult have been through work and one guy I did briefly date that we managed to transition to a good friendship. 
Whatever your avenue, gaming, sports, acting etc. so much of life, of success and of friendship is just solely about showing up, being present and demonstrating that you are reliable. Flakiness abounds in society lately so defying this trend says a lot nowadays. I think many people say and state they are into this that and the other, but say it simply to appear and fool themselves as being interesting engaged people but who rarely if ever actively participate in their stated hobbies.
Instead, actually go to that event, attend that talk, enter that competition, in the words of the great Shia La Beouf; “just do it!”. Completely understand your sentiment. It's tough. You're always overthinking some aspect of said friendship be it straight or gay guy. Very frustrating. 
Absolutely, I'm loyal to a fault and if I make plans with someone I will always stick to them unless I'm sick or something. Very rare nowadays to get someone who will do that for you.
The Left's problem is it can only entertain one narrative -  that all Tories are evil Thatcherites who put fiscal parsimony above everything else. They can't get their heads round what Truss is actually doing. @USER ....oh yes we can...bet your Monaco resident owner must be delighted...!?
My Mom died. 
I just lost my best friend. I don’t know how to handle this. @USER Understand,BE STRONG!!
@USER Happy Thursday ❤️. @USER Good morning Dale.?
Anyone optimistic about the future? Climate Change does not allow me to be optimistic.
I take immunosuppressants for inflammatory bowel disease, do you know if that makes me more susceptible? It probably would, even the fact you have an autoimmune disease might. But I wouldn’t ever stop taking them, the reward here far outweighs the current risk.
Just keep regular hand hygiene and ask people around you that if they feel they may have been exposed or have any symptoms that they keep their distance from you if possible.
Literally signal us or ask for it? We are wait staff, not mind readers. Between taking orders, seating new tables, running out food, sorting drinks, sorting wrong orders out, helping out with the usually understaffed kitchen, cleaning out done tables, getting clean cutlery back on the floor, doing dishwash, answering questions, dealing with rude customers all day and having to daily deal with people looking like you just punched their baby when you try to turn a table and they want to sit and chat for an hour after you have cleared their table, please, just fucking ask for your bill when we are near and clearly not carrying shit loads of plates. We are very happy to get you out of the restaurant and on your way home if you literally just ask us. 
Never click your fingers though. You click your fingers at me, you sir or madam, are the biggest shovel mouthed streak of piss I can meet in a day. I swear a lot of waiting staff deliberately try and avoid eye contact precisely to stop you signalling them. It’s taken me 15 minutes at times despite constant effort.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed in this senseless massacre at the nursery in Thailand. Thai people are peace loving with a beautiful nature, which makes this crime even more difficult to comprehend. @USER People are genuinely upset for the families in Thailand who are grieving the death of their innocent loved ones. Truly a horrifying, senseless loss of so many lives. 
However I do question the sincerity of Peter Dutton's words when he is trying to show 'his nicer, caring'side.
Nobody wants to hang out with me and I understand. I would hang out with you.
Let's Follow Each Other ??? @USER Oky ?
@USER No bother to her has mammys genes. @USER Not so sure Gillian….am in Dublin this week minding Jack… #DistractionIsGood!
I’m a teacher and you sound like a very annoying student. I guess it is annoying getting shown up for your ignorance on a very basic topic (this was GCSE level btw not primary school so it is quite important to not tell students the wrong thing).
I’m guessing either an enthusiastic child or a dog with very heavy paws has moved into the apartment upstairs…. Confirmed: enthusiastic child.
I love having sex in public areas. The risk of getting caught makes it so much fun. Your favorite so far?
The more you see it, the more you realise that the ordinary citizen thirsts for a more inclusive and humane India. This is why the #BharatJodoayatra is gaining more traction by the day. @USER People those who feel bharat is broken, do #BharatJodoYatra ? . Isn't not Shame on #congressitoolkit and #RG . If it would have led by Proposed presidential candidate or current president makes sense. Let thim.first stick to one constituency for the betterment of locals.
" continues to rise " ..... It went from 1 to 2 !!! I came here to post that. That's not exactly "continuing to rise" ?
Could be worse mate, my pal just moved to Chelmsford and ordered pizza hut from deliveroo his first night.
He didn't realise the Pizza Hut was literally under his flat and got a terribly judgmental look from his delivery rider. I used to always order food when hungover from the closest take-away (of which it's literally on the road behind my house) and thought they'd just walk it round.  
Did take me a while to realise they seem to have a LOT of drivers and it always takes them fucking ages.
They always drove it too. Because they're not actually from the takeaway, it's just "crowd sourced" delivery.
@USER Oh damn, that looks well mint and factory quality. Love the shading. Well done man! @USER Thanks man. Going to tackle some Orks next ?
juicewrlds death, the lyrics from legends “we ain’t making it past 21”, the juicewrld challenge where people would have seizures and he died from such, there’s others im forgetting. There is also the fact that he said that he wanned to disepear when he will be rich 
But i can belive artist can fake their death, they know how sad their fan are gonna be if they disepear, just like with juice wrld
Rip.
Anyone who knows his bloody past would know how much of a statesman he is. It is highly unlikely that the countries around the world, with all the intelligence capabilities they have, aren't aware of Modi's past. All of them just Ignore everything, because India is a big country that imports a lot and would buy stuff from them. They will continue to look the other way, till we continue to buy stuff from them. The day we stop paying them to buy stuff, we will see many of them suddenly become concerned about the situation in India and will talk about re-establishing democracy.. Very accurate.
It's official now!! I am absolutely delighted to announce that I will join  @USER as an Assistant Professor under the Ad Astra fellows program, starting September 2022. This is the start of a new and very special chapter, a dream that comes true! (1/3). @USER  @USER Great news. Congratulations!
Damn, for a sec i thought its from a videogame. Assassin's Creed ? ?
> A motel on the New South Wales South Coast has charged a guest $50 for writing what it described as a "defamatory" review.
> 
> Sharon Graham spent two nights at the Mollymook Ocean View Motel last week, and gave the motel a score of six out of 10 on the website Booking.com.
> 
> Ms Graham said the location was good but a bit noisy, and that she was unsure whether the motel offered daily room service.
> 
> "I thought it was quite a fair review," Ms Graham said.
> 
> Ms Graham was shocked when, having checked out, she received a second invoice which listed a $50 credit card fee for leaving a "false review" online.
> 
> The motel said the $50 will be refunded when the review is taken down.
> 
> "Social media bookings false review will be refunded if removed within 24 hours," the invoice read.
> 
> Motel management claimed the review was misleading and harmed the business's public image.
> 
> "The score is not even close to the average rating," the motel said. /r/TourismHell.
@USER Good morning Lee. @USER Hi Peggy. Happy Thursday❤.
ee kaha se tapak pade beech me. Lagta hai BJP ka ticket chahiey.
@USER  @USER Well done Réada, good stuff today. @USER  @USER Sorry I didn't see you Enda. Thanks a million for coming.
does anyone ever take their car to Valencia and expect to park there to get food?
I’ve never seen this ever. People walk, bike, uber/lyft. @USER I think I’ve tried this twice and regretted it both times.
Omg where do I get one? Myers. They also sell a notepad of the same pattens lol.
The media. They thrive off of fearmongering and people are dumb enough to fall for that. What media are you talking about? This is media. Twitter is media. Facebook is media.
People should stop reading sensationalist news and hyper partisan news. They should stop watching entertainment news (And by that, I mean news that’s designed to be entertainment).
People should absolutely read trusted news sources. Journalists do one of the most important jobs in our Democracies and people should absolutely listen to them, learn how to interpret bias and learn how to have an informed opinion based on that interpretation. Read The New York Times *and* The Wall Street Journal. Read The Economist *and* Foreign Policy. Read The National Review *and* USA Today. Watch NPR. These are trusted sources of news and informed opinion from the left and the right and it’s your job as a citizen to read them and use them to form your own opinion.
A society where we’re all just forming our opinions based on what those around us say or what our own timeline says is not a healthy society.
I always believed that Partitioned shouldn’t have happened and we should have been all living in one unified india. I am a Pakistani living in Los Angeles and have a lot of Indian friends. 
Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan. > Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan.
Well you should learn history of Pakistan and Bangladesh. Jinnah was right when he said Muslims and Hindus cannot live together but only half. Punjabi Muslims couldn't even peacefully live with Bengali Muslims and they had an entire country between them.
@USER I don't give a toss about gay adults or trans adults, you can sort that out among yourselves. Start introducing a perverted version of that to little kids in schools and media,then you have lost me. @USER  @USER So what you're effectively saying is that trans kids should not be allowed to be trans kids, they should be forced to appear and behave how you think they should.
Kind of providing the evidence against the "no GC person ever threatens the existence of trans people" lie!
All the Paddington Bear gifts and marmalade sandwiches the Queen received reminds me of the time I said that the snow baby ornaments where kind of cute to my mum, then she told everyone and for the next fuck ton of years every fecker bought me snow baby ornaments. @USER Same, I started drawing a ? when signing cards etc, who new so many things are made in the form of snails!!
@USER looks so nice.... @USER Amazing national park within the town.  Just need to acclimatise to the humidity.
Question for people older than me: Were the left always such unutterable pieces of garbage, or have they gotten a lot worse in recent years? @USER MUCH MUCH worse. Very dangerous.
Just dreamt of China, India and Pakistan in a three front nuclear war, and total annihilation. It was such a vivid dream. The babyverse will never let such a thing happen??
@USER Christ no, 35 is still babes in arms stage! @USER ?
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER Except for the fact that he is a cheat.
Lol. To think they’re the one who keep calling others “snowflakes”. It's projection, as most any truthful statement about their behaviour results in howling butthurt.
Your mum. Haven’t heard that one before.
Why do men stare at women? Women do the same thing in blink of an eye, where as men stare for so long... why? men have slow visual processing? ? @USER Never thought in this direction. ?
@USER Enjoy it sweetie ?? @USER Thanks Roli ❤️❤️.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER My Russian friends living outside of Russia are all speaking to each other, worried and afraid for what comes next. They believe Putin will react fast in Ukraine as well against those who protest. This is not good. What will the West's response be?
read the article!  This place smashed out 80000 cups a year. Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year! This is a good investment. Next year: Coffee cart to be privatised.
If the information that I got the other day is right ... soon I will be a great grandfather. Yikes!!! And I'm just a kid!  ??? @USER Congratulations!!!
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Yesterday's Republic tv debate was about why PM is leaving Twitter.... They came up with the fact that twitter is spreading fake news(they gave examples too) and therefore namo is trying to tackle it (and ofcourse they support him) ... Now i wanna know whether they are going to say that Namo isn't doing anything against fake news.
It’s one of those days where I have deleted more reply’s than normal … it’s a case of ?…. @USER I'm glad I haven't tweeted much today?
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Are these people in the room with us now, Dan?
Would that be the same Brian Houston who protected his paedophile father? yes.
Yes South Park-Simpsons. Cartoons more crossover than reference but it count i guess.
Aren’t Shudra Dalit and untouchables same. No. Shudras are not really untouchables. Dalits though are. Shudras also faced Untouchability though, especially during the Peshwai in Maharashtra.
Whats your favourite  Queen song ? @USER Breakthru, Innuendo and Keep Passing the Open Windows.
These are setts not cobbles. That's not what I was referring to riding over. If you knew the area you would get that.
So close to 9ct. I kept dropping it on the scales hoping somehow it would tip over but it didn't :-(.
My youngest brother and his wife married on Feb 29th. He became my hero. Today is their fifth anniversary. Means it's been 20 years since their marriage?
This nation doesn't have proper infrastructure facilities for athletes.
Even my home ground Indira ghandi municipal stadium was spoiled by meetings conducted by cheif minister from the time of NARA CHANDRA BABU NAIDU until now that was until YS JAGAN MOHAN REDDY. I will wait patiently until my day 
Currently I was an underdog without a district medal
Definitely I will win Olympic gold and silver or bronze and I will be the fastest man on earth

I WILL WAIT UNTIL MY DAY.
They are aren't they? I always see on alcohol ads "always drink responsibly.". yeah like heinekens ads are literally all about not drinking and driving.
Lets be fair, riding up steep hill isnt casual in the sightest. Worth it for the ride down though.
@USER Oh bloody heck! @USER Not ideal.
My last question of the day: What do the TV shows that you like have in common? @USER Fantasy.
Would it not be a great chance to actually start Making in India. A key theme of the minister’s discussions with government ag ..
Read more at:
 URL.
Southampton, Fulham and Leeds United are all interested in signing #mufc defender Phil Jones. [@MARCAinENGLISH]. @USER  @USER Thought he moved to bodeaux.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER You need to delete this and take another take or two mate...All this just proves you are just as worried as the union, because you are trying too hard to defend!
@USER Hey Vishal, there was a known issue that our engineers were able to sort out last night. How's your connection this morning? @USER Hello, thanks for getting back to me. Everything seem to be working find now. Thank you.
Spoon and Fork. KFC Spork?
Sapien says, “tomorrows exam can fuck off.”. Then tomorrow exam fucks Sapien in the ass.
What is everyone giving for 50th Birthday Party pressies? Money? €50 in a card? @USER I got vouchers for shops and for the Bluebook hotels… had great fun spending them although I still have a few left due to the pandemic… all still redeemable thankfully ?
@USER Do one in small heath next. @USER The kids here need it plus there's loads of talent in small heath park lool.
@USER  @USER What are your thoughts about  @USER wanting to grow game but then making the recent decision to lock out international subscribers from watching postseason games on @MLBTV? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I reckon !
What’s happening in Iran?!? @USER Hopefully, the end of four decades of a theocratic banana republic.
@USER I am Murali Reddy I have NISM 8 Now I am Working In AnandhRati Investment Service. @USER You can surely apply with your CV to our  email id hr@vachanainvestments.com 
My team will get back to you.
@USER  @USER  @USER Thabk you for this. Loose cattle were put back in the closure yesterday. If there are others still loose, can you please contact 303-817-1143. @USER  @USER Will do!
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER A cheat snd a thug.
This is the Coalition's policy from the beginning, they obfuscate, blame others and then months after people care they finally admit the truth. This is for everything they do, all conservatives do it constantly.
Every problem caused by them is because of Labor, every bushfire is the Greens fault, every sports rort is a "misunderstanding of the law and in no way corruption", every coal-fired power plant an example of "clean coal", you halve a job and get two jobs for half the price, you get challenged by the media you don't like? They are lying we are telling the truth and their funding has been suspended. Every PM flung through a turntable? The Coalition is strong and some outdated anecdote about the Rudd vs Gilliard Years.
We have a happy clapper running the country, a corrupt and abusive police officer with a major authoritarian chip on his shoulder in charge of our borders. A sycophantic banker in charge of the economy who couldn't give a toss about poor people, a ratty jobs minister who hid behind a whiteboard when asked the tough questions. Yet people still vote for them, people who never have benefited under a Liberal government. People who have been stuck on less and less wages, poorer welfare, limited access to childcare and healthcare and everything they value in their lives but who do they choose to direct their blame towards? The government that has ruined our country for close to a decade or Labor and the Greens?
All these men and women do is get into positions of power and lie constantly, get cushy jobs, have expensive holidays and then they turn around to the struggling people below them and rip up all their support networks and benefits while buying up more and more and more and more and never stopping. Yet people still take them at their word because of the carrot dangling in front of them, vote for us less tax! Vote for us more money! Vote for us more energy! And then they achieve none of it and everyone just accepts they were lied to 4 years ago and everything is different at the next election because it's a different shitty face and name to check off. 
He should just resign, in fact they all should, if any of them had decency they would have tendered their resignations years ago but they won't because they want money and power and to be the elite special class while costing Australians billions and holding the economy hostage. We have given them so much power and sway over us that it honestly doesn't seem to matter to a lot of people in this country that corruption has been accepted as normal and cool. 
For every good politician working in Parliament to give their constituents a better life there are five other monsters working against them and they are winning constantly. These people shouldn't be leading the country, they should be in jail like any other person on the street would be for such crimes. Well said.
@USER Tbf nobody is gonna trust an eagles fans judgement. Half of them eat horse poop on occasion. @USER 41-33.
@USER First check if how many subsidiary co they have. Most of MNC have cent percent subsidiary co and all new business goes there in many such cases. @USER True.
Out in athy dude saw two but I just put it down to a falling star. If I seen 2 I’d think the same but there was genuinely about 12 in a row all going the same direction the same distance apart, weird man.
@USER No, I rang them about it yesterday, said they'd get someone to check and ring me back, not heard anything yet. @USER Cheers mate. Sounds ominous doesn’t it. I don’t really want to get a refund but I’ll struggle for the revised date.
not all sydney man. Hahaha.
@USER With mom's Bonneville in the garage... @USER I hope it’s a black SSEi.
NOTICE
&nbsp;
SHARMA-JI-KI-LADKI MISSING
This is to inform you that Sharma-ji-ki-ladki working  in catfish.org has been reported missing from December 2019 evening around 7 pm. She is 4'7" tall, medium built. She has a katega scar above the left eyebrow. She was last seen in RDT catfishing innocent boy.  Anyone who sees her or gets any infomation about her is requested to please inform me or sharmaji. u/catwhamen Mera bhi kata tha usne.
Pretty telling of the evil of the USSR... Yeah, obviously you get the guns first, then you shoot the Bishops.
@USER  @USER Thank you. I'll block him. Have a good day. T x. @USER  @USER My pleasure Trudi, hope your day is kind to you xx.
@USER You look a little uncertain about it. @USER Cutting much shorter than it’s been so that’s the face!! Plus jet lag tiredness.
@USER Be safe and have a great day! @USER You to ??☕️.
Javed Akthar is asking why only Shahrukh was singled out and arrested! Its a good point. 
If we are going to arrest every man who raises a threat, there will be scores of people to arrest - starting from Anurag Thakur and Kapil Mishra to local goons. 
If cops were willing to arrest anyone who says anything provocative, no riot would have happened. 
But their balls have shrunken to atomic size.
Drakes new album is dirt. @USER Get rid of 'new album' and this sentence works better.
Government says it will provide a discount on wholesale gas and electricity prices for all non-domestic customers. @USER  @USER The government is going to get a slap from the Speaker. These things should be announced in Parliament first not to the media. No excuse, the Commons will be sitting in an hour's time.
Not a great Stingray hunter though.... Yeah, that's true. He did say once that stingrays were a bit of a thorn in his side though.
If your Twitter Crush said “Ima be in your area a couple hours away, can you come and let me take you on a date?” Not a link, a legit date. Would you go? Or no? Are you scared? @USER I would I'm never scared of shit but women are just as crazy as a man these day's ?  real shit ? but I love to try new shit ???✌️.
Spine chilling visuals of Islamists attacking Hindus in Mominpore, West Bengal  are being reported.

Bikes &amp; Shops of Hindus in Maila Depot, where they celebrated their festival were attacked and vandalised.

Involvement of TMC leaders and their aides is also suspected. ++. @USER It is not that serious. We are use to such in port areas of Kolkata.
Clashes will be resolved in a friendly way.
(Unpopular opinion, though I do hope it's not taken too close to heart) We, both as Northerners and Southerns, need to stop romanticising people like this if we are to seriously develop as 2 countries who can look back on history and not have a miniature verbal civil war. Ignore the salty downvoters man.
Have you ever... ever felt like this? When strange things happen, are you going round the twist?
It is still completely beyond me why politicians would choose to have a social media presence - the thing that works with these things is authenticity and a genuine identity, neither of which they are capable of having... all that remains is an effortless target for ridicule.
UwU. @USER My Federal MP chooses not to have one and I thought that strange. #ZanetaMascarenhas.
We are living through the government that our founders warned us about. @USER No, that was the last administration.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Doing great work dear, go ahead ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
As an American that's been here for awhile now, I do appreciate the idea of not spending the entire budget on tanks every year, but I'm also pretty sure I could take over the country with a good pistol, a few molotovs, and a half decent scarecrow.  A little more funding for the poor lads in the defense force might be appropriate
Edit: Apparently none of you can understand hyperbole and instantly equate more funding with a call for rampant militarism and imperialism. Calm down you knee-jerk slacktivist keyboard warriors. ‘As an American’....the preamble to absolute shite. Your ‘society’ is the youngest in the world and it is a mishmash of different countries’ cultures. Your military/government are the ultimate global terrorists, nobody wants to be like you. You’d get your molotov swiftly rammed up your arse if you start making those threats here. Shut up and keep your aggressive ideologies to yourself.
Can you believe that business support will be delayed and then backdated because of Party recesses.. that few weeks could be the difference for some operators..

All because of Party Conferences.

They should have been cancelled with all the missed Parliamentary days already. @USER Most companies haven't even seen the energy increases hit them yet! Although if any business is unable to absorb a short term increase in costs, then is it really viable anyway!?
@USER Enjoyed Deathloop a surprising amount so I’m doing my first ever playthrough of Dishonored now and really enjoying it so far. @USER Dishonored is pretty cool, great narrative and nice gameplay, enjoy!
When you are a necrophiliac and want to know if she can get pregnant. Don't want any of that anti-crisis support.
They're trying to push a half-truth narrative that Gandhi and others welcomed Hindus and others from Pakistan (including Bangladesh which was then part of Pakistan) and that the the CAA is a step along that direction while conveniently ignoring the fact that Gandhi and co also welcomed everyone who wanted to come to India irrespective of religion. As of now we are very close on overtaking China in population figures, do we really need more people ?
What do people think the worst case scenario is with COVID-19? Like do people think we'll get the country shut down for two weeks or what? Genuine question, I know it's something the government/international bodies don't want to talk about yet/at all so I'm curious what people imagine it to be. OK, so, assuming for some reason that we do get a major fucking outbreak with say 200-300,000  infected, people are going to have to be treated at home  while holed up in their rooms. 
Mild cases just need food, supplies and maybe money - middling cases should be treated by community nurses and a few doctors (freed up by the canceling of all elective procedures) who check in on them wearing a full set of NBC protection).  Their transport would be arranged by the army, who'd take charge of hosing them down between visits.   
The Civil Defense would be in charge of distributing supplies like anti-inflammatories and food, fresh water etc.
AGS would take care of civil order and all limits on overtime for all branches would be lifted. 
That's a broad-brush look at how we might tackle things, and while we're honestly not familiar with this type of regime and it'd be a very odd time I think on the whole Irish people would help pitch in and be helpful.
Why though?, did she go anywhere is she Italian or Chinese,  the fuck. Just get out of there and do them for racism. Unacceptable. My mam is a supervisor for care assistants in the local area, she's not been on holiday and she's white British.
She's living with 2 other people so she's going to find out if they have had the same email.
Foxtel acquired alot of the sporting broadcasts, and given the low take up rate of their product, ut has has had a detrimental effect on most sports in Australia, as coverage is limited to sports bars and mad keen arm chair fanatics. I didn't watch cricket on TV in the 90s and early 00s, but even I knew the names of most players back then. It's always been casual viewing around my circles, but like many, I wouldn't pay for premium TV to watch it. This,
As soon as a sport it goes Foxtel it goes bust.
I Use to follow NBL and went to the games when it was on free to air.
Nup after that.
Talking to NPCs (acquaintances). As an introvert i can agree with this.
@USER  @USER અભિનંદન ♥️. @USER  @USER Wah gundes?
You applied for citizenship? WELCOME :) Ah lovely. We really appreciate you not skipping the line sneeking in the backdoor. People can come to Ireland whatever way they like. Once they’re here and they like it that’s the main thing.
Ex-pat in China. The Union Jack is printed everywhere in China.
On e-bikes and cars, clothing, stationary, merch, shop logos, handbags, advertising, EVERYWHERE.
The only time I've ever seen any other flag is the Stars and Stripes on a pair of skimpy running shorts some sweating half-naked yank was wearing. I think you might be missing a big red flag there...
The man walked into parliament with a lump of coal and said don't be afraid of this.
Why on earth do people suddenly have this expectation of him turning away from his support of fossil fuels? Funny how coal is our second biggest export but take a lump into parliament and you are a social pariah.
"Look everyone! This is what allows us to be a first world country!"
"Geez Scomo put that thing away. That's disgusting. No-one wants to see that.".
Phantom cosmonauts/astronauts
There is no way no one died in space, burned up on reentry, or drifted off course and couldn't get back to Earth in the early days of the Space Race. Many many years ago someone said they had picked up a recording of a cosmonaut saying his craft had missed its trajectory and he was headed away from earth by mistake..knew he would die....
Good Lord! Very Good Lord!
Sure Ireland hasn't been neutral since ww never.
We claim to be neutral but we're very pro allied. We are still neutral.
I'm not sure you fully understand what that means tbf.
All the Paddington Bear gifts and marmalade sandwiches the Queen received reminds me of the time I said that the snow baby ornaments where kind of cute to my mum, then she told everyone and for the next fuck ton of years every fecker bought me snow baby ornaments. @USER That’s snow joke! Has it left you a bit flaky?
I don’t follow AFL, (as well as soccer or rugby or union or any other ball sport).
I wouldn’t know half the teams in the league. I don’t care who wins or loses. I hate how it takes up half the newspaper on a Monday, and was excited for electronic news- so I can skip past it. 
I wouldn’t recognise a single player, and never watch or listen to a game. Actually I don’t think a sporting game has ever been watched by either myself or my kids in our house. 
We play sport, we are all good at sport and all games but don’t care to watch others play it. I've never watched a football game in my life. Used to play touch footie though.
I like watching tennis.
Pokemon Sword, so pretty good since I never get hurt and there are revives and potions everywhere. Peaceful life, eh?
The world is ending 
Change my mind. The world has been through far worse with less tech and a smaller population. 
We’ll be fine. 
Till climate change cuts a lot of us down. And still, we’ll be fine.
How they are still getting people on it is beyond me like there are only so many people in Ireland who would participate, HOW is it not the same people on it the whole time. I never watch it because it's shite, but I'd love to go on it. You're guaranteed to come away with €20,000 just for pressing a few buttons and spinning a wheel.
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER You’re on the wind up here.
"The winner... is... Sydeney". Who could forget that moment? ?
Mosquitos take over the planet. Yep. Exactly what I was gonna say. Insect chaos .
“For I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God that brings salvation to everyone who believes: first to the Jew, then to the Gentile.”
Romans 1:16. @USER  @USER Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl. Instead they put it on its stand, and it gives light to everyone in the house. In the same way, let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.

Matthew 5:15-16.
@USER that is a very very sweet paintjob, mate! @USER Thanks, that means a bunch coming from you!
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER But its a Tory government now and has been for 12 years.. no need to imagine it happening now under them.
@USER  @USER He still playing? @USER  @USER Injuries never leave old footy players #ouch.
@USER  @USER Congratulations. I’m happy for you! Not only because you are free from that situation but because of the strength that you have gained. The person that you have become. Our experiences and decisions can make us or break us. Congratulations on refusing to be broken! ?????? @USER  @USER I really appreciate that. And I love that quote. “On refusing to be broken”.
By 2030, nearly 600 million people could still live on less than $2.15 daily.

@WorldBank’s latest Poverty and Shared Prosperity Report looks at the global poverty landscape after COVID &amp; other crises &amp; recommends policies to help countries correct course. @USER Nice ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Looking forward to it!! ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You're in for a KILLER gig Sooz! ?✊?
What do you propose he should do? I’m a fan of letting the coronavirus run rampant in the elderly community, they want a return to the good ol’ days, nothing will bring them closer to that period than rampant pathogens.
What if the wheels on the bus didn't go round and round? @USER ???
@USER Does that start tonight? @USER Yerp.
@USER Can’t there be any Exception ! 

I have been going there since I was a kid and I no for a fact that nearby there are lot of homes of Priests and it has never touched a pet and it used to move from one pond to other. @USER  @USER Subbayya Rai, a bhakt started to give a hen to eat every month as a sacred ritual. After his demise ritual stopped and since from that day Babiya didn't eat any chicken/meat, only ate temple naivedyam of Sri Anantapadmanabha swamy of Anantapura!
@USER  @USER Thought the exact same a few weeks ago arriving into it. Dublin Airport is a proper kip on the arrivals side. @USER  @USER  @USER Kip on all sides.
The way Americans pronounce the name ‘Craig’ should be a crime. @USER The way the Brits pronounce “we surrender” sounds so sweet though.
راند دوم : هر دوستی تازه آمده به توییتر و کمتر از ۵۰۰ فالور داره ، زیر این پست اکانت خودش را بزاره تا من و بقیه دوستان فالو کنند! برای همبستگی و اتحاد ما #StopHazaraGenocide. @USER  @USER فالو کنید دوستان تا در جمع شما باشم.  چند روز هست فقط به خاطر اشتراک در این همایش هشتگ تلاش میکنم نمیدانم درست هست یا خیر دیده میشوم یا خیر .
Maybe that it's all devil stuff. I'm like "punk, there's Christian metal too." Lol. Yeah- I myself am a satanist and listen to metal so it dosen’t help the stereotype but like yeah. There is Christian metal and many songs who include God and Jesus in general.
If you are wearing this mask for screening corona virus whole day, you will be the first person to catch it. At least wear proper dress like doctors in China. Also those proper masks lose their effectivity after 4 hours( moisture from breath) so change it frequently.
This whole sequence is unintentionally hilarious.
Edit: Philip Schofield is now describing the challenge she has to do. Is that for real?
Seriously what is a pasta tea bag? You know what they are.
@USER VERY glad they aren't mine!!! ? @USER  @USER Been Killing time.
Can't remember the title, basically a guy is up for a promotion, so him and his wife have the boss over for dinner and they are talking about the promotion. The husband notices his boss looking at his wife and he convinces her to let the boss do her in the kitchen to get the promotion. He sits in the dining room while it happens. Well...... He doesn't get the promotion, husband kills himself, the lady gets back to the guy by sleeping with dudes son and getting him into a lot of trouble. The scene in the kitchen was what messed me up the most. Think the name of the movie was "Scorned" or something. Just that description is enough. Pass.
This reminds me of the Guinness brewery in Dublin. Guinness (in the unlikely event that you're unaware) is an iconic irish beer whose very existence is tightly entwined with Irish culture. (Think India & chai) Turns out Arthur Guinness, the founder was a Protestant absentee slum landlord who fully supported the British occupation of that country, dutifully paid taxes to Westminster and supported the suppression & eradication of the native culture.. Damm, never knew this.
But conflict between unionist and nationalists is not like anything we see in subcontinent.
Even with religious differences, Europeans helped each other like saxony being protestant helped catholic Habsburg who slaughtered protestants.
Jose is genuinely the best counter in this team, and by quite a distance as well. @USER Shocking tactics by them Dan.
Done many interviews &amp; written several columns on  @USER and her disastrous economic policies so far I have said they are in ‘total disarray’ but seems inadequate as pronouncements get worse daily I have never in my fifty years of doing economics seen anything as bad as this. @USER  @USER  @USER she’s also a dangerous diplomat, not because of any policies, she has no skill at that level, but because of a complete lack of understanding of international diplomacy.
The SDA is a union run by social conservatives that exists to exert power within the labor party rather than do what is best for their members.
>"The SDA is a tame cat union," says Paul Conway, secretary of left-wing Victorian meatworkers union. "Its primary interest is not its members but numbers in the ACTU and ALP, getting its people into Parliament, having an impact on issues like same-sex marriage."
> URL 
You might have seen recently in the news the pro coal "Otis Group" group in labor. What you might have missed is that that group is predominantly SDA affiliated.
> What is perhaps most curious about the Otis Group, is the prominence of Members and Senators aligned to the Shop Distributive and Allied Employees Association—the Shoppies.
>Let’s go through the list: -
From the Senate:
>* Senator Ciccone: Shoppie.
* Senator Polley: Shoppie.
* Senator Kitching: an honorary Shoppie by virtue of her factional prowess.
* And, of course, The Godfather, Senator Farrell: Shoppie.
>From the House;
>* Daniel Mulino: Shoppie
* Nick Champion: Shoppie.
* Amanda Rishworth: Shoppie.
* Luke Gosling: Shoppie.
* And Anthony Byrne: a so-called ‘Mod’ which a new factional grouping that Guy Rundle
has described as ‘quantum-Shoppies: existing in two factional states simultaneously’.
>By my count, that’s basically half—of the pro-coal group of ALP parliamentarians
who are Shoppies.  And a number of these Shoppies are from places like South Australia, Northern Territory
and my home state of Tasmania where the coal industry is either quite small or non-existent.
>How very curious. Not from coal mining unions; not from coal mining states; but with the numbers in a pro-coal
faction. - The Otis Group could easy be known as the New National Civic Council.
What on earth are those Labor members who have found themselves in the Parliament because
of their affiliation with a union that represents retail workers doing spruiking for coal?
> URL 
Now you might not care about internal labor politics but what it means is that the SDA gives sweetheart deals to companies as long as they help sign up new members for the SDA which gives them more clout inside the labor party.
>A partnership was formalised with the SDA in 1971 when six major retailers, including Coles and Woolies, signed landmark “closed shop” deals under which companies would sign up their staff as SDA members on the union’s behalf. 
> URL 
But it generally means that they don't care about fighting for their members once they are signed up. Nobody wants to make enemies of big companies if they are trying to angle into a cushy parliament job.
Which leads to things like this
>Coles workers have received pay rises of as much as $150 a week after a substandard wages deal between the shop assistants union and supermarket giant was replaced.
>...
>In 2016, the full bench of the Fair Work Commission found that deal failed the "better off overall test", the legal test that workers have to be paid more than the award.
>More than half the workforce was underpaid, evidence from Coles’ own expert showed.
>It took nearly another two years of legal wrangling after that Fair Work ruling for a new agreement to take effect. That deal now largely reflects the minimum rates of the award.
>Nelio Da Silva, who has worked for more than five years at Coles, now gets paid an extra $140 a week under the new deal.
>He recently joined the new union, the Retail and Fast Food Workers Union, whose secretary Josh Cullinan exposed the Coles deal in 2015.
>"'I was always after a union that represented me better,’’ Mr Da Silva said. ''They (SDA) are more conservative and that’s not me.''
>The SDA is well known for its conservative social positions whether on abortion, euthanasia and for many years on same sex marriage.
>It is the largest affiliate of the ALP and has substantial political sway in Labor and the ACTU.
>An Age and SMH investigation across 2015 and 2016 revealed SDA deals across fast food and retail left more than 250,000 workers paid less than the award and saved business at least an estimated $300 million a year.
>But despite that the fate of these workers has drawn little or no support from the broader union movement, even as unions have campaigned against penalty rate cuts, wage theft and flat wages.
>Ms Ramnac had been suspicious of the SDA after her manager at McDonald’s pushed hard for her to join.
>''When I went to McDonald’s they really pushed for the SDA, obviously I joined because I was a vulnerable young worker,'' she says.
>''Soon I realised, on my own terms, they weren’t doing much. When you’re not accountable, not transparent, I can’t trust you.''
> URL 
Hope it helps. I wish it did. 
It sounds mostly political. Kind of curious to hear from people who are with raffwu and whether they're more effective at getting workers what they want.
Me ;). Haha... stay the fuck away from me.
Sikhs Never remain Behind in helping ,be it Kashmiris or Muslims.
Kashmiri People outside Kashmir consider themselves safe if they are in PUNJAB.. Who told you.. Punjabis are Muslim haters too. Their religious gurus were tortured by Mughal emperor. Punjab suffered a lot during partition. They are also good at advertising themselves. He must be a good old noble man but every Sikh is not like that.
@USER Wow!  Just Wow! ??? @USER ❤️??

Thanks as always xx.
You can just say fuck. We know what the f*ck you're saying.
Other than Thailand and China, are there other modern nation-states that are called 國? @USER Since most words get shortened to two characters these days, you find a lot more colloquially.
The theory that Epstein didn't kill himself. Memes aside, he could've probably exposed a lot more rich people for their sex crimes. They just bumped him off before he could do so. I don't even think he's dead. There's a bunch of shady shit with his autopsy and he could've easily faked his death.
People are now justifying "Goli Maro" shouting at Metro Station. What's their excuse this time?
Why don't banks accept your years worth of on time rent payments?! I've been paying rent for 5 years on time without issues and it's more expensive than monthly mortgage payments. Loads of us have a proven track record of it. The fact this isn't taken into account and isn't brought up more often is horrible. It's such a fantastic solution. But the banks won't accept shit. They do, they include current rent and savings as part of their stress tests for affordability. You have to be able to show you earn enough that you can pay rent and save significantly as well as afford to live. So they know you can keep paying if interest rates go up.
Its just they also need a 10-20% deposit to cover the possibility of negative equity so the value of your house if sold in a down market still covers the cost of the outstanding loan.
In fairness both are reasonable rules.
The problem is not the lending rules, its the price of property being entirely unaffordable to begin with and if you loosen the rules it will just drive prices higher again.
Developers not building affordable properties on desirable land when they can build higher margin luxury properties instead is the problem. Its up to the planning authorities to control what gets build where and insist on a higher proportion of higher density affordable properties being built in these developments.
Ive got respect for that, I can do canwick and lindum hill but not steep. Well played. Steeps not even the worst of it, try Motherby Hill. Ouch.
Yet strangely the seas are not rising in Sydney Harbour. or anywhere else including the Maldives  URL , this headline is a scaremongering farce.
Has anyone tried the Cohiba Puro Dominicana? I haven't tried any Cohiba, wasn't sure if it was worth the hype .. but I just picked some up for what seems like a great deal $4 each .. any cigar seems good at that price but what did y'all think? @USER Definitely worth trying at that price.
@USER ଶାଶୁ କୁ କଣ ପାଇଁ ଛାଡ଼ିଲ ତାଙ୍କୁ ବି ସାଥି ରେ ନେଇ ଆସିଥାନ୍ତ ? @USER ???
Best Film About Drugs?? @USER Trainspotting

Watching this film at a very young age, I was never interested in trying drugs growing up. So glad I watched it! ?
@USER It wasn't about her or what she wore. I preferred Princess Anne's attitude. She wore a uniform, including trousers, didn't allow the press to witness a squeezed-out tear, was dignified and dutiful. Nothing about her. She knew she was photographed but didn't play to it. Heroic! @USER Nobody photographed her because she looked "beautiful", but she was admired by millions.
Essendon has strong interest in Carlton midfielder Will Setterfield who remains out of contract with the Blues. 
Talks progress between the Bombers and the Setterfield camp but it’s one that’s set to elevate over the weekend @7NewsMelbourne. @USER  @USER Has Sheedy approved?
PolitiFact "fact-checked" President Trump almost 6 times as often as they do Joe Biden.

Now you know why Americans don't trust fact-checkers. @USER Perhaps Trump made six times the number of questionable statements.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations  @USER bhaiya! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Vaibhav! Let's rock buddy together and help Ahmedabad with @PolygonAmd.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I’m at the same game visiting from Manchester ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER if you need someone to share a taxi...
Just stand still and make them walk around you. Arseholes. Even better if they're on their phone and not looking, then with luck they'll cannon into you and drop their life sucking bit of plastic. If they’re on their phone and not looking but coming straight towards you, don’t change direction. They usually look up and move about 2-3 seconds before walking into you.
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. Excuse my French but that’s fucked you went straight into the work for the dole phase. When I was last on Centrelink I was told it was 6 on 6 odd, but you start in the 6 off phase. 
Seeing this makes me wanna hang onto this job tighter. No way I could deal with their bullshit again.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. So what's the conspiracy theory? Why would this behavior occur?
Who do you think should sing the next #JamesBond  @USER title song? @USER  @USER @thearmed.
The reason why is because "Britannia Rules" the waves, and Brexiters want to believe it that way. Indeed, god bless 'em! Killybegs by volume & value is largest fishing port in IRE. Brussels better not throw us under the bus on this front.
Related aspect re Irish territorial waters that keeps surfacing on back of Brexit-
Let's look a decade out when a UI will likely be dealing directly with an independent Scotland. Despite my own musings on the topic, Rockall is clearly in Scottish waters. Salient aspect is the potential gas/oil/mineral reserves immediately due south in Irish waters...this could get very messy!
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER BIG happy birthday to yoooou ???
It's great for the environment and people who live out in the bush. But being realistic, it's only a short break from when the season resumes. This is the new normal. It's only how much of it is uncontrollable. This was horrible for the environment 
Millions possibly billions of animals have died
Small fires are indeed good for the environment but huge fires like this are not.
Who is ROOTING for Beto O'Rourke to be the NEXT Governor of Texas? ✋? @USER ?
@USER Jalandhar ajo. @USER Jrur bhaine... Dso kdo ayie?
@USER How do you know he's a dude? Is it because he's got a cock? @USER You are an obsessed freak. Seek help.
@USER Absolutely not but cute. ? @USER Thank you ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Bet you’re glad you can now do beer tweets ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER !  @USER nails it again.
PC. Oh so you wanna go there.
iirc, women were also the biggest victims in Gujarat Riots... This is India, we dont give a damn about women. They are property. Our ministers say "we will abduct their 100 woman if they take our 1 woman" like they're tender meat. That's what they are to us.
@USER  @USER Looking forward to it, Lucy. Only on my phone data till tomorrow, so going to catch up when home xx. @USER  @USER Oh amazing thank you Alice! I think it’s better viewed on a computer anyway xxx.
@USER I agree with you but interesting that both my kids (8&amp;7) LOVE the home shirt and suspect that’s more relevant than one 40-something and another 50-something…! @USER I admire your honesty in revealing you’re in your 50s.
I love you all ❤️. @USER Feeling’s mutual xx.
@USER Coming from dudes that have never put as much heart and sole into their passions to pursue something a very small percentage of people accomplish. Keep grinding and doing you! F the haters! @USER Soul*.
To All The Wonderful People Out There,

I am Looking for an opportunity in a Learning and Development entity.

I am a highly motivated and progress-focused Manager, Learning &amp; Development with a long-standing
background in this industry. With a track record of initiative and. dependability, I have devised strategic
initiatives which I believe will prove valuable.

Throughout the course of my career, I have perfected my training program improvement and curriculum
implementation abilities.
@USER Prawn sandwiches. @USER  @USER Hahaha...nit fir himself though.?
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER We can but hope.
Greed and panic. I have no problem using rags or hopping straight in the shower if need be. Exactly bruh hop in that shower and wash that ass for 30 seconds and be super duper clean.
It would be nice if Republicans could find just one candidate who isn’t a criminal.

Then we could focus on policy disagreements like adults, instead of their various crimes. 

It would also be nice if they had policies. @USER Cruelty is their policy. And hatred.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nehru stadium was built on Gulkawwana kere. Now the lake has taken back its place. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Exactly my point . Gulkawwana has regained it's lost glory ! Hope they convert it back to what it was . Make it a Paradise in the middle of the city .
It's not fair to their staff. Jesus Christ how can they be so stupid? I work for a company which a year ago was facing bankruptcy. A venture capital firm showed up, bought the company and within 2 months had fired or made redundant about 30% of global staff.
Largely due to the restructuring efforts and changes in who the company chooses to sell to, a year later the company is now profitable and hiring more staff.
Was it the wrong thing to do to carry out the redundancies in that case? Or would it have been "fairer" to the staff and investors to have the company go bankrupt and everyone lose their jobs?
I had a pal who often went out drinking on a Friday. She told me she’d spotted a new Chinese takeaway that had opened in the last couple of months, and planned to stop in and pick up some drunk food.
When she arrived, the staff greeted her by name and asked if she wanted the usual. She had no recollection of ever having been there but curiosity got the better and said yes please.
The usual was a set meal for 4. 
She had never had leftovers or even containers at her house, and her husband said she’d never come home with any Chinese, so the only logical conclusion is that she sat on a bench and ate a 4-man Chinese drunk and alone before returning home, on more than one occasion. I feel like if I'm getting blackout drunk, I'm going to be checking what I've spent money on. I guess she may have paid in cash though.
This is really sad. These guys are effectively neutral and independent and provide primary news to most other media organisations. That’s why the real people who control this country deemed they had to go.
Any other introverts out there have to work up energy before going out to events by themselves? What do you say to yourself in your pep talk? @USER Not much to say since Ppl will understand your absence.
@USER Ajeyo Chandigarh panjab university ch gandhi bhawan kol baithe milange uthi ajeo fr chlange jithe jana ? @USER ??jrur jrur.
The reality is, the level of denial about how much tax people pay in Ireland means we'll never have a Nordic social democracy.
Voters want somebody else to be made to pay, and the realisation that wealthy people are the only ones even close to paying the tax burden of a standard social-democracy is something no Irish politicians will dare to utter. Great article. There is a lot to take in there and I don't think the majority of people who voted for SF and 'change' would be happy about having to pay that much more tax to get the housing and health changes they want. 
They just want to tax the corporations and that won't be enough. 
If the next government do decide to take the country in that direction of higher taxes for all then FFG will be back in power in four years with a sizeable majority.
But it IS the slab's fault, little fucker. I often wonder if anyone watching is a lip reader, as I usually swear at the little fucker.
Is the unit in the jeans and t-shirt some random dude who walked in off the street, or did he actually attend a wedding in that? He's dancing like a cephalopod...
CryoEM mates: Has any of you a strong opinion about self-wicking grids? #CryoEM ???? @USER A waste of money and time.
Can't get it without being anti-national. Nah , everyone will get it.
Thankfully, we don't have thousands of people from all over the world visiting Ireland in two and a half weeks time. It should be cancelled, you'd imagine there will be an awful turnout anyway.
Schofield and Willoughby say they didn't jump queue when they did. @USER Jibbers.
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER Yep.
The Jews control Israel. ...
I mean, you're not wrong, but...
True. Back in 1993 or the IM run from 2004-2007, the bombings felt unfair because neither governments nor society supported babri. Babri was carried out by what was seen as a fringe extremist group, but everybody in society paid the price. I have no problem calling those bombings terrorism.
But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism. Government, judiciary, media, police, bulk of hindu society itself - are arrayed against them. If they are forced into a fight they didn't want in the first place, it's not terrorism but resistance. Bhagat Singh might have thrown bombs, but he was not a terrorist - he was a resistance fighter. As a Muslim this is exactly what they want us to do- react with violence on a large scale. All it will achieve is with more innocent bloodshed and allowing the RSS-BJP terrorists to come back to power in 2024 with even greater majority by gaining the sympathy of the majority who will see them as saviors. The Sanghis basically use the Israel model of unity through hatred which works because most Indians(including Muslims) are communal in nature irrespective of educational background. The problem is not Hinduism or Islam. No religion encourages violence or hatred. The issue is the politics of this country depend on the exploitation and brainwash of it's naive population who blindly believe the Divider in Chief as long as he makes bullshit promises of safety and prosperity and no matter how many times he fucks them they will gladly bend over and take it. Hitler used the same type of propaganda the Sanghis use and if people don't think it works- have a good look at the state of this country.
Launched from Lough Ree, Westmeath about twenty five minutes ago. @USER Hope you have a successful mission and all return safely.
@USER  @USER They're all crooks sooner they are held to account the better im sick of the lot of them. @USER  @USER No one seems to care ??‍♀️ who will hold them to account? They’ve literally got away with murder.
I need to make a jar of pickled onions and also visit the beach. Don't send help, I can manage both. You are on your own at the beach.  I will panic@home.
Trump conspired with the Clintons and ran the worst imaginable campaign in order to make Hilary more palatable and get her elected. It backfired miserably because they underestimated the number of racist idiots in this country. I think it has more to do with the rust belt and how they were tired of outsourcing deals signed by Presidents. Ironically, the Donald is singing the USMCA.
I recall a story about Sunil Gavaskar ji doing something similar for a muslim family during riots in Mumbai. He said that they will have to kill him first before they could harm him. Too young to see him play cricket but this is the story I really find amazing. It takes an insane amount of courage to do some thing like this. I remember this story. This was in one of our hindi textbooks and he was mentioned as little master.
That’s America now. It starts of with a bit of prejudice (like trans in the army) and mutates into policy signed off by the great one. It’s disturbing watching people have their rights stripped from them. Maybe this ban is just another of those prejudices to policy, be careful. Wonder who downvoted your comment.. seems like a reasonable concern.
In Oz we call crisps, chips and chips, hot chips. Hard habit to break. But crisps aren’t hot.
i notice it looks much better coming in than going out. your ancestors were truly the pioneers of the australian gold rush.
what time does tmobile fat musty ass open. cause i rlly need to change my number.
I was a shitty lil kid... Always felt sad and alone...
And now as an adult... I realize that those days were still better ...
Even if I didn't play any video games or much sports... I used to have a really amazing sleep... Those school cancellation days... Those school days... 
I used to laugh at people when they used to play - Ye Kagaz ki Kashti and start sobbing... Now I myself couldn't go through that whole song without jerking a tear
Fuck man. 
I wish I can tell every kid that don't compare your bachpan to others because in the end, it doesn't matter... Bachpan never comes back... Live it... Fuck. You will cherish this randi rona one day too.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Congrats!
Do you live in the 1950s? This made me chuckle.
What is a quote from a fictional character that has stuck with you ever since? @USER "never ever say never ever" Macgruber giving advice to a "rookie' before creating a distraction by confronting the enemy -naked with celery up his bum.
@USER Be safe, nice song choice. @USER Thank you?
उदास फिरता है,
मोहल्ले में बारिश का पानी,
कश्तीयां बनाने वाले बच्चे
मोबाइल से इश्क कर बैठे।. @USER Right ? sir #sonusoodsuperhero.
@USER Nope, I often wonder what I want to do when I grow up &amp; I'm in my 40s. Always try new things. @USER Thank you ?
URL. Oh. It’s not about the harness. They’re just selling the t shirt. Thought it was odd.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Yeah, Pretty much. I feel like here in Brissy we get Summer, Summer, Autumn, Spring. There's that rainier period, and that windy period, and the month where you can actually wear jeans during the day, but otherwise it's thongs, shorts and a singlet.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER  @USER Good for you!
no don't please. i was crushing over since she came. keep that chutiya away. You know there's something else that Trump family has in common with the Lannisters aside from the obsession with gold.
We need to build a wall around Leinster. It’s all fun and games now but what if it hit Cork? We can’t take that risk. I agree. It's only in Dublin but am also willing to sacrifice those surrounding counties to keep Cork free.
How many jaffa cakes is it acceptable to eat in one sitting?
The only correct answer is all of them. And preferably a triple pack.
@USER Trump should be in jail! @USER  @USER Naw,hillary,biden,obama and fauchi.
#DWTS is back airing on Disney+ and I see via Twitter the same negative “fans” are going strong. You didn’t have to subscribe! @USER Right? Between the “I refuse to subscribe” and “I subscribed but I hate it” people you have to wonder about their sanity.
So you are mad because the Conservative BJP cares more about Hindu families and customs than other cultures? Really? Who knew one day when all the world's knowledge will be at our finger tips, we will rather become a bigger douche bag. 
Great inference. Appalled by your education and logic of first comment and then review/research?
Your domestic league will only be a success when it is viewed on its own terms, not as some preamble to prepare for Europe. 

English clubs don't think that way. French clubs don't think that way. 

We need to think that way too. @USER SA team winning probably the best thing to happen. Makes the rest hungrier. Cannot wait for next season already ?
@USER Don't seems soo! @USER ??? I just have a little bit of crazy.
@USER  @USER Ця стара хвойда ще жива? @USER  @USER Жива і  вилізла так само, як і папа, і маск та інші. Пішло лайно просто водоспадом.
If they took 50 people, including you, and said they were going to shoot one of you at random, would you be scared? No I'd be dead,  I know my luck.
Ek din mene JP ko fake birthday wish kiya tha. Sab karne lage. Phir pta chala ki sach me uska birthday hai. Oops! XD 
(Hope I’m right, jp?) O.o. Lol yeah. Coincidence and you got lucky xD.
>I am going to butcher our National Anthem.
I'd say you've no need to worry about fitting in. Sinne Fianna Fáil... (minute of mumbling)... SEO LIBH CANAIG AMHRÁN NA BHFIANN!!!
We have a guy who lives underneath us who is an asshole with his taxi. He leaves it running at all hours of the day whilst sitting in it, leaves it on the grassy verge which has now turned it into a mud pit, parks it terribly thus blocking half the road and has also blocked my partner's car in before. He also has a hobby of leaving his incredibly vocal dog sitting in the car whilst he does chores in his garden at all hours (the earliest we've had is 6:30, on that occasion we told him to shut up).
Recently someone smashed his window, not a clue who it is and in all honesty don't particularly care bar the fact that he now thinks it's someone in the local area who has a Vendetta against him and it is massively working in our favour. He asked why someone might've done it and we've just rattled off all our grievances with him.
Since then he's been far better and I'm kinda glad it happened? Although I'm also sure he blames us even though we weren't in the city that night. The power and lack of legal responsibility is really enjoyable. So you're saying to smash his window in. Got it. Brb, finding a brick and a trebuchet ready for the morning. Haha.
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. The yearly flu kills around 0.07% of all cases.
This kills anywhere from 1%-3% (really, really hard to say exactly the CFR right now).
Both conditions are equally infectious. Which do you think is more dangerious?
Retweet this if you think the NFL should suspend Brett Favre for his role in the Mississippi welfare scandal!!! @USER yeah you’re a ho.
SAD NEWS!

SP Founder Mulayam Singh Yadav (82) passes away,after being critically ill.

Wait! I know many will pounce on me for offering condolences to someone who got Karsevaks Fired at in Ayodhya in 1990,who was into Minorities Appeasement,was Corrupt etc! REMEMBER THAT.
1)It was Mulayam Singh who made Nuclear Deal possible with US in 2008 when Leftists withdrew support from UPA to Stop Bharat's Develop.
2)It was Mulayam who diverted SP Votes to Modi Ji in 2019 elections

Mulayam definitely Wasn't AHMED PATEL to say Good Riddance!
LADZ! I just watched ‘House of Gucci,’ - I know you all loved it…. but lord! It is NOT good. @USER Haven’t seen it but out of curiosity I want to lol.
Adam We!
(I'm happy that's the second time I got to post this today). Nobody messes with Adam We.
Rolled jiujitsu against a dude weighing 115kg tonight (I’m around 73kg). Was like trying to sweep a boulder. My attacks didn’t go well, but I survived 2 rounds with the guy, as he tried to figure a way around my (desperate) defence. @USER This is exactly how I ended up with 41 staples in my shoulder.
Don't get Chick-Fil-A often since it's a ways away from where I live and work, but I had a guy Thursday night steal my chicken sandwich as I was walking back to the bus stop.  I would have hit him if I could have caught him. Don't mess with my chicken.  As Joey on Friends said, "Joey doesn't share food."  I don't share chicken.
Islam is cancer. It must be banned in India. P.S: I hate RSS too. It must be banned too. All religions, religion affiliated 
organizations must be banned for a decade. This is such a stupid idea we don't need to ban shit....just show people it doesn't make sense instead.... Convince them.... More and more people are turning atheists anyways.... Religion is going to have a slow death till the end of the century.
Outsider here. Curious what makes all these places shot Holes in your eyes.
I’ve visited Ireland for a total of about six months and  nothing really made me think shit hole. 
When I hear shit hole I think of Detroit and derelict steel town types around the states. Shithole in comparison to other places in Ireland. Why would we compare it to Detroit, a place practically all of us have never visited. It's like saying Carlow isn't a shithole because there's worse places in India or Africa. 
That being said I personally don't think Carlow is a shithole. I lived there for 5 years and my hometown of Arklow is a shithole in comparison.
@USER Can't say no ?? @USER ?You know me very well.
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER Yep.
@USER Happy Thursday Lee! @USER Thank you H.❤.
@USER Your complaint no. is PWD/2022/10/324946. @USER Update pls.
(Unpopular opinion, though I do hope it's not taken too close to heart) We, both as Northerners and Southerns, need to stop romanticising people like this if we are to seriously develop as 2 countries who can look back on history and not have a miniature verbal civil war. Ignore the salty downvoters man.
@USER Weird behaviour there. @USER May be a bit weird to us today, but symbolic breaking of things is a very old tradition!
I'm a huge punk and metal fan-(as my username shows) but I have seen some real dumb shit from the community.
A guy in a Bad Brains shirt racially abuse a taxi driver. A girl in a Dropkick Murphys tank-top give a fascist salute.
These people don't represent the community. They're just parasites. Not precisely what you're describing but I know a bizarre amount of people who are punk/metal/rock fans and adopt a punk aesthetic but have also memed their way into being conservative or outright fascists, and it would make me laugh if it wasn't so sad.
@USER Father, you didn’t hurt my feelings, you insulted my intelligence. Pax. @USER I am sorry for insulting your intelligence. I wish you well.
Hey aamir sir, we lost 42 lives in the national capital. 5 years ago, he did speak. He has learnt from that experience.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER FiFi,

whilst not for a moment questioning the accuracy of your comments - publicly praising the people who employ you in such fulsome terms - could be construed as somewhat self-serving. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I'm not employed by them.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER No in the slightest.
@USER Nice of them to let us have the weekend, if they could kick it in just before I get to work that'd be ideal. @USER  @USER Would be nice to know if we can have a sleep-in on Monday. ?
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Help by The Beatles.
Got to know yesterday that our company is getting shut next month due to loss. And this was my first job. Preparing resume now to apply for other companies? Oh man. Sorry to hear that.
Also were outside it... ....that’s why I posted it.
Has Lord Lebedev of Siberia and Johnson been sanctioned yet? @USER  @USER Of course not!
You do realise that to ‘take that on notice’ means that they have to provide an answer, just that they don’t have the information at that time? Yes.
He would have been aware prior to estimates what the questioning would be about.
He either did not prepare or was unwilling to prepare for those questions.
It also means all answers to questions are not "off his head" and are in written form after consulting with other bodies (ie. including potentially the government or minister of the day).
Edit: 
Plus if his responses were standard business, it wouldn't have been reported on by multiple news articles and MPs.
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER ?? Definitely hope it gets better from here MC!!
True. Back in 1993 or the IM run from 2004-2007, the bombings felt unfair because neither governments nor society supported babri. Babri was carried out by what was seen as a fringe extremist group, but everybody in society paid the price. I have no problem calling those bombings terrorism.
But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism. Government, judiciary, media, police, bulk of hindu society itself - are arrayed against them. If they are forced into a fight they didn't want in the first place, it's not terrorism but resistance. Bhagat Singh might have thrown bombs, but he was not a terrorist - he was a resistance fighter. As a Muslim this is exactly what they want us to do- react with violence on a large scale. All it will achieve is with more innocent bloodshed and allowing the RSS-BJP terrorists to come back to power in 2024 with even greater majority by gaining the sympathy of the majority who will see them as saviors. The Sanghis basically use the Israel model of unity through hatred which works because most Indians(including Muslims) are communal in nature irrespective of educational background. The problem is not Hinduism or Islam. No religion encourages violence or hatred. The issue is the politics of this country depend on the exploitation and brainwash of it's naive population who blindly believe the Divider in Chief as long as he makes bullshit promises of safety and prosperity and no matter how many times he fucks them they will gladly bend over and take it. Hitler used the same type of propaganda the Sanghis use and if people don't think it works- have a good look at the state of this country.
Your domestic league will only be a success when it is viewed on its own terms, not as some preamble to prepare for Europe. 

English clubs don't think that way. French clubs don't think that way. 

We need to think that way too. @USER SA team winning probably the best thing to happen. Makes the rest hungrier. Cannot wait for next season already ?
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER People. ?
Like why? We get it, coronavirus is serious, but you don't need like 20 packets of toilet rolls?? There are serious supply issues with toilet paper in China.
You even had a gang of thieves steal a pallet full of toilet paper at knifepoint a couple of days ago in Hong Kong. 
The demand is seriously that high.
Ten year olds. You won this question.
I don’t get why the term living in your parent’s basement is an insult?
I thought Indians took great pride in living together.
Probably western culture focuses more on self dependence and living independently. That’s bizarre. Or marybe I’m an orthodox bigot. It's just difference of opinion. 
Earlier, most India were poor and uneducated, they depend on others to make their living. We are agriculture based country while west are mostly industrial based country. 
These differences make our living conditions. If you can get any job and place to live in a country, but still choose to live in your parents basement, isn't it would be an insult.
I'm hearing through the grape vine  that this fella confirmed with the virus yesterday who arrived back 2 weeks ago and didn't quarantine himself lives in greystones, Wicklow. Anyone else hear this? Supervalue greystones might be infected.
‘It’s hard to believe I’m walking through the first ever city. Because I’m not. That’s in Iraq, which is miles away. And fucking dangerous.’. @USER I watched this last night. It was so funny.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. My favourite for reviews is when a clearly online username the owner replies with "No Ardee959 ever stayed here! What a snake in the grass". Like of course some people use an online name?
Doesn't matter and it shouldn't matter, "loving" someone for money isn't actual love. Agreed. Just worried it may cause one to overlook someone or go with another option. If that makes sense.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER ये हिन्दुत्ववादी नाम मात्र की सरकार है।  हिन्दुओं के हित मे कौन सा काम किया है ??
हमारा देश धर्म प्रधान देश है।  जहां साधु संतों का आदर नहीं, वह देश कैसे वास्तविक तरक्की कर सकता है।
जहाँ चीतों का स्वागत और असमय गायों को मारा जा रहा है, धिक्कार है।.
@USER Well said! @USER Thanks!
No internet restrictions. Day drinking isn't frowned upon, as long you don't take the piss with it. Have a radio to listen to. Our canteen sells wine and beer. The little shop in the building also has a decent selection of beers in the fridge, plus a small choice of canned cocktails.
Aaaaah, day drinking. The French staff would revolt without it.
@USER Housing all the uncontrolled clinical risk in one place harms patients and clinicians. @USER It’s very convenient for everyone else though.
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. I struggle with this as well..... It would be a huge hell of a conspiracy theory.
I need a boyfriend .???? @USER ready.
There's no hope with dope. Pack it up lads. If it rhymes it must be true.
Know what, I’m long overdue a trip to the lakes... especially with some helpless sheep. There is a guy - parks under my window every Sunday night at 8pm -- his sheep is in the back of his van could just hear this BAAAAAA,, BAAAAAH - til I worked it out. every bloody week like clockwork. Cumbria is funny. And he was getting a lamb kebab from the takeaway opposite. and took his pet sheep.
Sad to see.
I have to wonder how the likes of C31 would fare as Youtube or even Twitch streams these days.  Is there any estimate of audiences for the community stations? C31 often has up to 180,000 viewers. More than sky news does country wide.
They also livestream on line.
@USER Oh did they change the name because everytime I see someone post something about Cleveland baseball they are saying “go tribe” “heading to the Indians game” so wasn’t sure if the name change actually went through. @USER No they’re not.
I always believed that Partitioned shouldn’t have happened and we should have been all living in one unified india. I am a Pakistani living in Los Angeles and have a lot of Indian friends. 
Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan. > Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan.
Well you should learn history of Pakistan and Bangladesh. Jinnah was right when he said Muslims and Hindus cannot live together but only half. Punjabi Muslims couldn't even peacefully live with Bengali Muslims and they had an entire country between them.
> He did not see any point in suspending any part of the sentence as Alexander Whelan is not a drug user and does not require rehabilitation as he has no history of violence.
So a child with no history of violence or substance abuse is pushed to the point where he can haul off and kill someone (to protect his mother) gets the full wallop with no psych help, but if he was coked off his tits he'd have gotten a reduced sentence?
In what universe does that make sense? Judge Michael White's universe.
That said, 2 years for killing someone seems about as low as you can go, I think.
@USER Sending you big hugs Les.  You are doing so well. Send Mrs C a hug from me too xx. @USER Will do.
@USER Oh you dirty bugger ? @USER If it’s too clean, I feel as though it’s unAustralian.
@USER It's cruel and it's false. @USER Just lazy. My aunt quit smoking young, ate like an athlete in training, and ran all over her NH farm. My mother never smoked, loved sweets, ran all over the  Methuen Mall. My grandfather got sober, never stopped moving, ate what he could afford. They were dealt their destiny.
Two most difficult areas in counseling in medicine -
1. Convincing a patient with widal positive test that they don't need an antibiotic
2. Convincing patient to start/switch to insulin when the situation demands.
#MedTwitter
Any other issues frequently faced in counseling? @USER Doctors' community themselves had made antibiotics a norm rather than an exception. Sad state of affairs. Patients now need anti-antibiotics councelling.
If the Irish people actually wanted change to a more Nordic system as Bernie envisages, they'd have voted for the Greens or the Soc Dems.
A vote for SF is just a vote for 'let someone else pay for me'. Our selfishness is just based on monetary lines, not racial or ethnic lines.
Ireland is a very different country to America. Here we have the 2nd most progressive tax intake in the OECD with the top 10% contributing 60% of our taxes.
 URL. I'm not sure about that comment with the greens. The Nordic systems rely on exploitation of vast amounts of natural resources to fund a lot of what they do. If you copy pasted those systems into Ireland we'd have a massive shortfall in the budgets.
wind power my arse. so....what you think this is false? Or you prefer burning stuff?
Can we perhaps upgrade the travel advice for all these countries please? 
A ban, sure but most of them are “returning” from holidays. There’s no point now. Cats out of the bag.
C'mon man. Making an absurd statement and following it up with,"What would you do?" or "How fucked are you?" is the weakest form of r/AskReddit post.
You're capable of better. You are a higher level of intellectual ability, I wish all posts were by people like you.
So sick of ass posts on almost every sub now a days.
Ah, looks like BJP is going to lose Bengal as well.
This man loses the BJP elections in every state he interferes in, and then tries to bribe MLAs. I hope so. I know there are a lot of Hindutva trolls online but I've noticed a lot with Bengali names, and they don't look uneducated/unemployed.
Seems to me that it's probably been spread in the dublin region but most people would not attend the doctor to be diagnosed if it was a minor cold. 
I can't see any real decisive action from the health officials until people start getting seriously ill. That's phase two if the containment fails actually! They prioritize only those who have serious symptoms and let everyone else ride it out.
My kids want to know if they can  go on it (and queen elizabeth too) is this possible ? You needed to but tickets but they are all sold out now.
>I feel like we are potentially creating ~~clusters~~ a romantic comedy. He was returning from work in China. 
She was returning from a family trip to Iran. 
They were isolated together due to the deadly contagion. 
But the only thing they didn't expect to catch was...love.
Coming this Autumn 'COVID-19'.
Queen or Prince? @USER Prince edged out Freddie.
Because we as an Indian fighting with each other over religious stuff instead of working towards the growth of the economy. >Fighting each other?      
We don’t really have a choice in that, its a state sponsored contest with the aid of certain media agencies.  
And our regressive culture is helping all this shit.
What an absolute load of garbage. I read those books as a kid. They were great. Not even close. The most disappointing trailer since... well... cant remember the last time I was so disappointed.
It makes me wonder why don't they put headlights on gimbal mountings so they stay horizontal irrespective of dips and slopes in the road surface. They can do it with steadicams - why not headlights? The headlights need to be level relative to the slope of the road, or they will be too high when coming downhill and too low going uphill.
Hello to all Rogue fans who have just met KOI and are not speaking spanish. My English is fucking shit, I'm improving it. 

Just to say that you are welcome, this is going to be fucking awesome. Vamos KOI. @USER Welcome to the #LEC!
Arsenic byproduct of mining. That doesn't seem very fast acting.
Can’t wait for T20 World Cup and then Qatar 2022. F*ck October and F*ck the October Heat. ? @USER It's already cold already.
Spruce trees do fuck all to soak up carbon. That's why their claim that they had planted hundreds of thousands of trees for the environment was bullshit.... it's just for logging. 
Native trees suck it in like a chain smoker. We need more of those. Tonnes of carbon stored per hectare per annum averaged over the rotation cycle of a forest (higher is better) -

Sitka spruce: 3.6
Other conifers: 3.0
Oak/beech: 1.8
Other broadleaves: 2.4

Spruce is significantly better at sequestering carbon than our native species.  Having said that, I'd agree that spruce are horrible in most other ways and I'd love to see forests here planted with native trees.  If we planted more native trees we could make up for the fact that they sequester less carbon, and have some fantastic big forests.
I have said this many times before, and here it is again...
Greggs is the Wetherspoons of bakeries: never your first choice, but good enough if nothing else is available. Most sensible comment here. I avoid it because my work suit looks silly in a queue of tracksuits, onesies and pyjamas same way I avoid Wetherspoons because the owner is a total cunt BUT if I need to pick up some vegan sausage rolls for the wife it's the only place to go. Wetherspoons has nothing to offer me.
How to fuck your business, 101. Petty shit like that puts you on peoples' "never go there' list.
@USER Good job  @USER you are starting to be a blessed ‘WarPresident’ that’s what we need now! @USER  @USER  @USER War president? Is this satire? Something tells me to you'd be singing a different tune if you were over there fighting.
Completed 18 years in Journalism today! 

#WorkAnniversary. @USER Many congratulations ??
@USER How do you know he's a dude? Is it because he's got a cock? @USER You are an obsessed freak. Seek help.
#lcfc today unveils a new range of merchandise from King Power International’s ‘LCFC x Community Power’ initiative; the ‘Thai Song Dum’ collection ? @USER You’re on the wind up here.
Wasn't it already contracted and sold years ago through backroom deals? I know people working in the industry and they knew about the privatization over a year ago. They sold off a few depots about 2 years ago (Leichhardt, Burwood, Kingsgrove and Tempe).
The government still owns Ryde, waverley, Botany, Brookvale, Randwick, Willoughby, North Sydney and Monavale.
@USER Happy Thursday ❤️. @USER Good morning Dale.?
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
I've said this many times on the pod, but losing Sasha Banks is losing someone who can legitimately be a crossover star. Big fail on WWE for that. @USER She's close with snoop can aew afford her.
I have ethical issues with Crufts. Their arbitrary breed standards have resulted in dogs with horrific medical problems, causing needless suffering. The sooner Crufts disappears, the better, as far as I'm concerned. "Pedigree" is just a more polite term for "inbred".
Wrong place, try posting over here --->  URL. That post is to point out how un-Australian you are. It's not really suitable.
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars? song was such a banger.
सभी सबूतों को मद्देनज़र रखते हुए फैसला लिया जाता है कि बॉलीवुड के द्वारा बनाई जाने वाली सभी फिल्मो को बॉयकॉट किया जायेगा, सहमत हैं तो YES लिखकर पुरजोर समर्थन करें..??? @USER #No way ,no hatred please ,who are you to boycott now ?
@USER And sugar in the tiniest sachets ever...have to open 3 just to get a teaspoon...totally wasteful. @USER  @USER Agree there. Sonetimes I have to use 4.
@USER nice meeting you and John at brentford    see u again up the mighty arsenal. @USER Likewise ? hopefully see you at Tottenham if we can get there ?‍♀️???
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious. @USER I concur, verbosity doesn’t equate with lucidity, it’s just insufferable pomposity and sententiousness.
When I was younger, was working in an old high end hotel with a preacher who was a plumber, as he pulled out a circa 1950’s rubber dildo. The opening scene to one hell of a movie.
जय श्री राम! हे तुमचंच सगळ्यांचं हँडल आहे. म्हणून, तुम्हाला प्रत्येकाला आज मी 25K वेळा मनापासून धन्यवाद देतो. नमन..? @USER Congratulations ?
We've been told not to travel and I've some eejits being like I'm not cancelling my holidays I just wont tell work and come back in and I'm like...I fully hope you're struck down over there (we have a work from home option like). Same thick cunts will be giving out over the health service not being able to cope when they're the exact fucking people who will have actively played a part in the virus spreading quicker
I'd stop interacting with someone so fucking thick.
I would sit down, but not before I used the miniature Swiss Army knife I keep on my keys to cut the sign down. Let’s be honest, it’s not a council sign so it’s essentially a piece of litter. And I’m sure many in Abingdon would be glad to see it gone and have the bench available for sitting again. I mean just look at the queue of people deprived of silent bench time.
We broke down in the middle of the desert in AZ and there’s people shooting at us. Then there’s this random lady driving a tow truck with 2 dogs following her that attacked us and It was definitely intentional. (We just got picked up &amp; safe). @USER Stay safe and blessed happy that you got help xXx.
Weak men are the most dangerous humans in the world. @USER Yes they are.
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER Can be your boy friend.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Welcome to the club!
Let the events of the last two weeks banish any suggestion that Scotland isn't a vital and integral part of the United Kingdom. @USER I’d sooner banish you, you total numpty!
Nothing helps a national response better than further defunding the apparatus of state. /s
Up the dole and other welfare payments if you want to do anything reactive. They’re people who will be most impacted by economic issues (including people who may find themselves on it if this turns to a recessions) and by nature of necessity will be spent to circulate in the economy. > Up the dole and other welfare payments if you want to do anything reactive.
Ha, funny joke.
This government will never do that sort of thing, it'll bring forward trillions of dollars in tax cuts to the wealthy before adjusting support payments in a positive direction.
I'm sure the government is aware that giving money to the 'lower class' will put money back into the economy and especially the retail sector but it'll never happen unless something huge happens to reshape internal LNP policies.
I expect to see more 'corporate socialism/welfare' before we get any sort of change that helps the 'little person'.
Morning babieeeees happy hump DAY! ?? @USER Goood morning hope you have an amazing day.
Legit question: if shit does hit the fan, can Muslim countries refuse to sell us oil? Or is our market just too big for that? We get most of our oil from Saudis and Iraq
Historically, has it ever happened? It wont go that far but in geo politics no one wants to get isolated...any indian diplomatic loss is pakistans gains...iraq is busy with ISIS and Saudi in yemen war....50 casualties in delhi riots is a small number for them 100s die every day in conflicts across middle east and they all are muslims. After our independence communal riots happened many times but things get back to normal, actually they have faith in India.
To be fair now, I came across an accident on the N17 today and they were all over it. Gardai on the scene, followed by medical teams and the fire brigade. 
I suppose it just depends on the Garda, same as any job. 
Some of them are useless, indifferent jobsworths and others are committed people dedicated to serving the community. The lack of resources and the recent scandals can't be very good for morale, either. They get paid a fuckton of money. That's all the morale they need. The scandals are their own doing, including the scandal of threatening to go on strike in 2016 for even higher pay, and penalty points scandal where the entire lot of them committed fraud.
No accountability, early retirement and massive pensions and a average weekly pay packet of 1200 euro a week in a job for life.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I was intrigued to the extent to which Ian Holloway transformed Blackpool's squad in the build up and during promotion to the Premier League, in the 2009/10 season. Achieving promotion against overwhelming relegation odds, was inspiring ⚽️ also the human qualities he brought.
@USER Brady hasn't got a clue. @USER  @USER Viney might though.
Stay away from food please. why?
Sad how many young people still choose to follow regressive practices. In UP,what else do they have? no job,no empathy,no love.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Looking forward to it!! ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You're in for a KILLER gig Sooz! ?✊?
Or just buy a smart plug. And how, pray tell, do you turn the kettle on? There’s a button or switch on the kettle?
What about this one?  URL. It's not very typical but the sky fell down..
@USER I'll definitely never will miss lol. @USER I was ctfu when I saw that ????
Breakeven Thakuva peti vunte bagundedhi kadha ? #godfather ante budget koda baga control chesukoni. @USER Bro Godfather own release.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER See you later ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ta! See you later ✊??
These are setts not cobbles. That's not what I was referring to riding over. If you knew the area you would get that.
Do you think Saudi Arabia is our ally?

YES or NO? @USER No.
You look like a stripper. What did she/he say?
Many interesting things in this map.


Surprising to see Spain and Italy having better life expectancy than Germany and US. 


Chile and Iran performance looks amazing when you take into account the performance of its neighbours. 


Given its GDP, unexpected to see south Africa doing so bad :(


Japan is incredible. Doesn't South Africa have a high HIV population.
Using the word 'after' to signify the past tense. Interestingly, Latin forms a past tense very similarly: locutus est = he is having spoken = he spoke. Irish also does it (táim tar éis ...) but I don't know whether the Hiberno-English comes from the Irish or vice versa.
Where we fail to see our earthly processes of rule as attempts to convey and symbolise eternal rule, they inevitably degenerate into the exercise of power and contested power. Of course such symbolisation can sanctify abuse, yet we now know that that is the lesser danger. And we know that if Putin were to try to out on a big ritual show it would manifest as vulgar, ugly and threatening. Not so, our British rituals, which convey a solemn looking to the eternal. Lived truth  will symbolically out: it manifests itself as beautiful.
@USER that’s the best coffee you could get in Melbourne?

I’m insulted. @USER i was in a hurry, don’t cancel me for this.
@USER OK, this is how you get disappointed as a fan. You got to be realistic. Tennessee is a good team. But they aren't a top-5/top-10 team. You will beat Florida (42-24). You will beat LSU (45-30). You will lose to Alabama (38-27). You will lose to Georgia (42-20). Ten win season. ? @USER We are literally the #11 team in the nation as we speak. If we beat LSU and Florida, we will be a top 5 team. 

I'm good with that. But I don't understand why anyone thinks we can't beat Bama. Texas had them beat and our offense is WAY better than Texas.
Mulayam empowered backward castes through ballot to reshape Hindi belt politics. His opposition to Ram Mandir movement culminated in firing upon Kar Sewaks yielding big political gains by yoking Muslims to Yadavs. But in the end he let Parivarvaad trump Samajvaad denting SP. @USER Aur RAM MANDIR K waqt  @USER  @USER  yeh donoh kaha the..
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER That's Amazing Elaine. I'm so happy for you, your son &amp; the rest of the family who no doubt are celebrating this amazing achievement. ❤️.
People think optimizing for impressions means ignoring business goals.

But it really just means ensuring that your content gets seen. @USER Absolutely!
Crown in Perth - unsuitable to hold a casino license
Crown in Melbourne - unsuitable
Crown in Sydney - unsuitable
Star in Sydney - unsuitable
Star in Brisbane - unsuitable

IDK about you, but this feels systemic. @USER They are Australia’s most successful laundromats.
Mosquitos take over the planet. Yep. Exactly what I was gonna say. Insect chaos .
Delhi is capital of India &amp; BJP MP is giving public call to boycott Muslims economically, is he custodian of all Hindus?  I call upon dalits , OBC &amp; secularists to increase transactions with Muslims &amp; vice a versa. Enough is enough! @USER As you said, enough is enough. Borne the burden for 8 1/2 years. Time to throw these guys out. Establish true democratic principles.
Fully seriously got sent a video yesterday that said the virus is caused by the 5G rollout and spread via WiFi. You couldn't make it up. But someone did already...?
Bit of context, reasonably nice part of town would probably be described as "up and coming" in estate agentese. Problems with things being nicked from front gardens and backyards started several months ago, hence the camera. 
Shame as we used to be able to ask delivery people to just leave things out of sight. 
Milk seems like a new low... Tomorrow morning leave a half milk/half piss bottle sitting there.
Fuck yeah. Means I don’t have to ration my toilet paper anymore whenever I have a pull. Yikes!!!
song was such a banger. Is such a banger, excuse me.
Please say a prayer for me for I feel very alone tonight. @USER Jesus is with you.
Don't know about other small towns,but here it will be about 10 mins of trucks and tractors. So the people at the beginning will be home and eating spuds by the time it gets to the finish line,  so maybe we can just get it done and over with??? I think people are more concerned about the 47 billion tourists on o'Connell street and in temple bar. Not the 47 people at the Cashel parade.... which is why I'll be going to the Cashel parade.
Do you live in the 1950s? This made me chuckle.
@USER  @USER I go with the theory that I am a survivor.  I've lived with PTSD  and trauma for so long and I'm still here, so I wonder how others would cope in my shoes, when you judge me let's see what you would have done. @USER  @USER Agree! &amp; well done. self compassion is so important.
@USER Good morning 
   Forgetfulness ?☕️
Have a lovely Thursday ?? @USER Thank you Gary.?
Have you ever been roasted by your Bestfriend? @USER ??? ,  ??????
As an american dealing with the cheeto, is the Irish president generally well supported? It's easy to be a well liked President in Ireland, as the role is mainly ceremonial. That said, Michael D is particularly well liked. To the point where the entire country refers to him by his first name out of affection. 
The Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar is the one most equivalent to the US president. He's not well liked, and recently lost a general election. They're trying to form a new government as we speak, but basically he and his party were voted out.
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER Look at twelve years of misrule in every other place you failed to mention....
Tonight’s #qanda another example of media fixation with Stage 3. Wall to wall on ABC, NineFax, with every journo caught in the vortex. 
Greens, LNP both politically aligned together in wanting sole media focus on this &amp; block new Govt from oxygen on multiple other issues. @USER It's because it's catastrophically bad policy that needs to be stopped.
Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort Theme. A man of culture.
Spine chilling visuals of Islamists attacking Hindus in Mominpore, West Bengal  are being reported.

Bikes &amp; Shops of Hindus in Maila Depot, where they celebrated their festival were attacked and vandalised.

Involvement of TMC leaders and their aides is also suspected. ++. @USER It is not that serious. We are use to such in port areas of Kolkata.
Clashes will be resolved in a friendly way.
@USER that is a very very sweet paintjob, mate! @USER Thanks, that means a bunch coming from you!
@USER You can't hide those lion eyes. @USER Yes, I know a contraction is cheating.
You are still making "Australia Day" about the British monarchy so I don't think changing the date to today is going to fly with the people protesting about the current date... of course I don't think any date is going to suit them. Nah, I’m making it about parliamentary and judicial sovereignty, not the monarchy. The Queen can stay in England and have fuck all to do with Australia, thanks.
Australia is a de facto republic anyway (‘commonwealth’ is actually a synonym for ‘republic’) and while I’d like to become a real republic, I reckon the Australia Acts are way more constitutionally important to us as a sovereign country than the arrival of the first fleet.
redtube. Xnxx.
@USER #FZS
I am a FZS V3 BS6 bike user and just after one and half year tank panel is got broken. Most of the FZS user are facing same problem. If we go to the service centre, they ask to change the panel. What a worst design for fitting of this tank panel.  1/2. Design should be rigid and trouble free. Very disappointed. People are investing 1.3 lac amount for bike means they expect something good. Whole tank is fitted on just 2 screws??  Look is okay but .... This tank panel is the big fault of the designer. Need solution
@India_Yamaha.
Spruce trees do fuck all to soak up carbon. That's why their claim that they had planted hundreds of thousands of trees for the environment was bullshit.... it's just for logging. 
Native trees suck it in like a chain smoker. We need more of those. Can you post some sources for that?
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. No, no it's not, it's just Wooster, you have to go and live in France now, your rights are revoked.
@USER We don’t need this crap here!  @USER time for an inquiry in to media diversity and dominance. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes an inquiry from a left wing government to crush all media that isn't blatantly left wing because we care  about diversity and democracy ?
Gay bar? I mean worked for my friend, or you can have a friend talk to another friend. Meet over social media, perhaps. The nearest gay bar is like an hour and a half away. Haha. I’m trying the social media thing. My marriage just ended and I didn’t come out as bisexual until we were already committed and now I’m just trying to see what’s out there I guess.
It's a perpetual cycle. with only politicians as beneficiaries. "The cycle ends here. We must be better than this"
I hope this is what people think. I know most won't but I still hope.
@USER Awwww man! That’s so lovely! @USER I love my father so much. This is why I'm by default soft. And this is why I have the faith that I can do everything I touch and sadness will not consume me.

To this minute he wipes my tears.
The only reason why I choose life still.
God knew I'd need one soft thing in this life.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER Yes
You go and elect a party with that in their manifesto
That's how it works doesn't it ?
We cultivate hope differently across cultures, classes, religions, and gender.

Place is the context from which our agency of hope emerges, for the marginalised and also for the privileged. 

(read on) 1/4. For the privileged, acknowledging that things are hard and speaking up about it is easy. This can be an example of how they cultivate hope.

However, the same cannot be said of those at the margins of society who may simply pacify their adversity and oppression.

(read on) 2/4.
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER A$$ hole.
Attendance &gt;&gt;&gt; Career  ?

Just got into a quarrel with my mom!? @USER me everytime with dad?
Whatever the cork management decide blooding a spine of Connolly at 14 and Joyce at 6 Downey at 3 will benefit Cork hugely in the long run all players under 21 while Galway in opposite position had Burke Mannion and Cooney all seasoned players from Michael donoghues time. @USER Forget about it, Cork are a useless shambles of a group.
I have locked myself out my house lots of times. Its surprisingly easy to break into your own house. Ha. Do you mind if I break into yours then? cos I have to go to the parallel street and go through their house... Victorian terraces with new (locking) plastic windows can be surprisingly secure!
I’m making a ?? Sokkah gc, reply to be added X. @USER Do we have to follow the a league religiously cause I kinda ditched it after GCU folded.
What are you a feminist? Ha classic feminist. Wanting to torture all cocks and balls.
Q4. What is the refresh rate of the #GalaxyZFlip3 display?
A. 60Hz
B. 90Hz
C. 80Hz
D. 120Hz
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q4) D. 120Hz ?

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
@USER  @USER  @USER Looking good but all a bit grey on it???‍♂️??‍♂️???? @USER  @USER  @USER Poor Colly has been grey since that time you gave him a hiding at the De La Salle.
Scientists have discovered a way to combat anxiety disorders: This breakthrough remedy also helps people cope with depression, fibromyalgia, chronic pain, nervous exhaustion, and other conditions. Don't put it off any longer because demand is increasing by the day. @USER Grass means no Skittles or Haribos , Young Dumb and Broke Khalid. @SkyNews.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Family, friends, football, travelling, my dogs.

You know, real tangible things.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ✋?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
@USER I mean they wanted to build a hotel above the Cobblestone, where The Bernard Shaw was, and above Merchants Arch and all were met with massive opposition and ultimately failed. The problem with Dublin is there aren’t enough hotels because fucking idiots keep protesting them. @USER  @USER You in a ket hole lad?
@USER Legitimate power ie Legal worldly power, why does the church hold them, surely it's the power of Divine Law they are invested in. @USER That’s why they hold them under guard. The whole point.
the hans zimmerfication of film music has done unimaginable damage. @USER The worst part are the Kontakt libraries created to sound "exactly" like HZ ?‍♂️.
What do you love about each other? Jokes on you I only have one parent lol.
@USER Hi, we have replied to you via direct message. Please check for more details. Thank you. @USER Just getting replies only and not getting support for the same.
Dying very quickly. Them tents are expensive. Cheaper than rent.
It's not just a London thing, it's annoying as hell. You just want to tell them it's not gonna fall off! They don't have to keep guard of it just incase haha. Why is someone with there hands down there tracksuit annoying you.
@USER Can't it be claimed on insurance then they chase the money   ? @USER  @USER Insurance companies don’t cover drunks. As soon as you get behind a wheel with too much alcohol on board your insurance is null &amp; void.
Phantom cosmonauts/astronauts
There is no way no one died in space, burned up on reentry, or drifted off course and couldn't get back to Earth in the early days of the Space Race. Many many years ago someone said they had picked up a recording of a cosmonaut saying his craft had missed its trajectory and he was headed away from earth by mistake..knew he would die....
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Sir, thanks for the information. We have informed PCR-112 for further action in this regard. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nothing happened and neither any PCR were came. What type of complaint you did?
Also were outside it... Sealing off the Irish Sea would be far easier thannthe North Sea.
@USER You missed  @USER  of the list. @USER  @USER Nah Jim bounces well.
@USER Awwww, how adorable. Tippy's not impressed in the slightest. ? @USER I know right ????
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. how is this is conspiracy theory? is it a conspiracy because google uses the feedback to improve google maps?
The kind of venom Hindutva supporters are spewing at Mulayam Singh Yadav on his demise is at another level altogether. @USER Rather as a true journalist..it should have been...

Venom spewed are similar to when #Jaitley or #Shushma or #Bipenrawat  expired..

Baba..its their in either side.

And siding one make u also culpable.
Black card and penalty? @USER Absolutely should  that I know it could’ve been a game changer Wexford injuries through the game cost them in the last 15 minutes ,Well done Clare no arguments.
City Wok? City beef.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. Look at this one...
Paul xxxx 2/5
a month ago on Google
I was very disappointed with this Motel when I was stranded there in the recent bush fires and had to stay for a night along with other motorists. They took advantage of the situation and charged almost double their normal rates.. I think it was a very low act.
@USER  @USER But will Bill Bailey rock this same show in the snow though? ? @USER  @USER Yes but with harder nipples.
વડોદરાના સલાટવાડા વિસ્તારમાં રખડતા ઢોરે ગર્ભવતી મહિલાને અડફેટે લેતા ગર્ભમાં રહેલા બાળકનું મૃત્યુ, મનપાએ ઢોર માલિક સમજતા નથી એમ કહીને હાથ ઉંચા કર્યા

#Vadodara. @USER તાત્કાલિક પગલાં લેવા જોઈએ  @USER અને  @USER જેઓ એ રખડતાં ઢોરનો કાયદો દિવાળી સુધી લંબાવ્યો છે એટલે જ આ ઘટના થઈ છે તો એમને જેલ થવી જોઈએ.
@USER Sharing this way provides insight and can definitely help others in a similar situation so well done ? @USER Thanks AnneMarie that’s my true hope ?
The last thing that i had on a £20 note looked like it came from Colombia. Why would there be coffee on a £20 note?
@USER OMG NO WAY !!! @USER wat??
Question for people older than me: Were the left always such unutterable pieces of garbage, or have they gotten a lot worse in recent years? @USER MUCH MUCH worse. Very dangerous.
Q9. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 front camera?
A. 10MP
B. 5MP
C. 8MP
D. 12MP
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q9) A. 10MP ?

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
Holy shit it’s been so long since I’ve watched this. I used to love it when I was like 10. I love it too! It reminds me of granny babysitting on Saturday nights!
Who wants another Badscandal Glen power release? @USER Yesssssss ?
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Winter to be replaced by autumn soon.
Brexit is just a bunch of rich cunts fucking over a nation so they can avoid the incoming EU tax laws. I mean paying as few taxes is possible is a good thing especially if it’s not even ur citizens benefiting.
@USER  @USER Happy Birthday. @USER  @USER ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ୍ ??
I'm still washing my hands. Besides I know I won't get it. > I'm still washing my hands.
For now. People had apparently already bought ALL stock of soap bar / liquid hand soap etc. products when I went to do my usual grocery shop locally yesterday.  Eejits panic buying and hoarding a year's supply of soap, or just a lot more people who just started, you know, washing, or I suppose a combo of the two...
Soap making, even from a "you're in a forest and it's the stone age" level, is actually pretty easy of course, but very labor-intensive compared to going to a shop and buying it, sigh...
@USER Absolutely not but cute. ? @USER Thank you ?
Without telling your age, what song reminds you of your high school years? @USER My Sharona.
@USER After years in the community and returning to academics I think many of us (and our trainees) don’t realize what is happening out there. This is a prime example. @USER This is sad to hear ??
Has nothing to do with Delhi Police. DP is under the Central Govt and they do their bidding. 
Kolkata Police is under TMC and they do their bidding. There will be no arrests if and when a TMC leader speak rubbish and they have in the past. 
They're all the same. The lesson for Police is that they should serve the public. We have a genius here. Maybe they should make you PM. Dumb idealist centrists are the worst.
I know everyone is saying don't give into the fearmongering by the media, but if you ask me it's pretty sensible to stay the fuck outta Dublin rn. The only two cases are there, and tho they've been "contained" there could be more, especially if they've only tested 392 people. It'll obviously get worse as the weeks go by, Paddy's day will be a melting pot for spreading it even further. It's not looking positive lads.
Fucking hell it's only March, can 2020 just fuck off? >  don't give into the fearmongering 
>but if you ask me it's pretty sensible to stay the fuck outta Dublin rn
....
YOU TAKE THAT BACK. Yeah!! There's pink matter inside the yellow matter!
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Not in Melbourne.
"you're going to have to look for the cat with your pants off". This needs some background information.
@USER Kabhi kabhi toh lagta hain apun hi bhagwan hain jo baarish karata hain. ?
Was in Malda for a week, everyday it rained. Came back today at Eastern part of Calcutta, it’s raining since morning ? @USER Where is it raining? ?
How the fuck has that anything to do with politics you nutjob. Not everything a politician does is related to their political life. How does the fuck does the minister for housings advisors husband being the Md of a company making millions out of the housing crisis anything to do with politics? 
Do you really want me to have to explain that to you?
@USER Won’t happen, it’s the biggest of bluffs in regards to what’s going on at the minute - countries like china don’t want to see that happen because of business so i suspect it’s just the only threat people take seriously. @USER Hope you’re right mate but a threat is a threat and these people in power are literally insane.
2? 2 what? 2 speed? 2 I don't suppose 200% was an option on that one. There's a decimal point there if you squint real hard. 0's are overrated.
@USER You're a good example, Father, but unfortunately people make things a lot more complicated than they need to around here. @USER Thank you for your mutual understanding. God bless you! I appreciate your support! I don’t know why people take my tweet out of context and accused me of being harsh &amp; rigid? I pray for all who read my tweet today for mutual understanding.
Hello everyone. Today is my 73rd birthday. Haven't heard from family. Can I  please get some birthday likes? @USER Happy birthday.
Change the law. Legislators legistlate - the joys of democracy. Rent controls are common in EU countries - let's do it - for a while anyway to see how people like it. We don’t have to see if the people “like” it, we can already see the effect of it in other countries, and pretty much every single economist agrees that any form of rent control is very bad and has a serious negative impact on housing.
Said the art mistress to the gardener!! I thought this was funny, showed it to my SO and SO housemates. Non of them got it. Should I just cut my ties with them now. Didn't even now who the black rod is or what a garden entrance could be.
I've seen a stack of these photos but when I go down to Woolies or Aldi,  the only thing that's missing from the shelves is Aeroguard. Not just at the nearest one to me but the two other suburbs I regularly stop at to buy stuff as I travel past. Might depend on your suburb I guess. In Carlingford, Sydney the aisles of long life products were like this.
The wealth of the top 1% increased by $6.5 trillion last year.  It's not radical to tax the rich. It's radical to let a small group of oligarchs hoard that much wealth. @USER Past due.
@USER Congratulations! @USER Thank you.
Fully seriously got sent a video yesterday that said the virus is caused by the 5G rollout and spread via WiFi. You couldn't make it up. But someone did already...?
So ... in wallet, in pocket, in pocket.
Not exactly master criminals, are they? I remember years ago my mate had a lighter that you could stash stuff in. It worked and everything. Thing is though, I never once remember getting searched going in to a bar or club in Sheffield.
Lucky for me I don’t have enough friends for an intervention. @USER yes you do ?
my mom made me watch i spit on your grave (the first one) when i was 7-9. shit was traumatizing. a 7-9 year old watching a woman got raped even though it was acting. What the actual fuck?!?
Dear  @USER 

 I was returning from the National Games held in Gujarat, and the staff not only behaved badly, but also charged us a hefty amount for excess baggage which was the medals and goodies that we athletes had won. @USER  @USER What do you expect from a third class airlines.? Indigo airlines is worse than the village town bus.
I have COVID, I live alone and I am very sad. Please send pictures of your dogs. @USER So sorry, its horrible. Get yourself onto  @USER and binge feel good programme's like #DerryGirls #WorkinMoms Feel better soon.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER My age, It won’t go backwards.
@USER Looks great! @USER Thanks Violet ?
Resist going down the rabbit hole of any ideology including religion. Keep an open mind. Username checks out.
Dear all ,

I have no objection to you guys putting your personal opinions, comments etc. 
But ,
My humble request to you Please do not tag or mention me in your personal posts. 

In case of exception, I will be forced to take strict action against you.

??? @USER ଏଇ ଲେଖା ପଢି ମୁଁ ତ ଜମାରୁ ଆମ ଭାଇଙ୍କୁ tag କରିବି ନାହିଁ  ମୋତେ ଯିଏ tag କରିଲେ କିଛି କଥା ନାଇଁ  ଯାହାର ବେଳା ଖରାପ ଥିବ ସେ ହିଁ ଆମ ଭାଇଙ୍କୁ tag କରିବ ?????
Carlow doesn't exist. Its just one of those things they put on the map to fill up space. carlovian here, can confirm, is real, but is a shithole.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER More than a million on the streets of London sounds a lot. But to put it into context more people were on the streets of London this year for both the Notting Hill Carnival and Gay Pride. They planned for more, we were expecting more, they just didn't come.
Put SVG to the back for TV purposes. #Bathurst1000. For TV purposes they've kept him in the shootout. #Bathurst1000.
It's so important to post your content to other platforms for growth. You're not going to grow by just streaming constantly and not branching out. @USER THIS IS FACTS!
Lmao. Too bad the person she was tweeting is a nutcase.
It's the Surinamese I'm after. Shower of pricks. Plus they all have bad surnames.
Damn, for a sec i thought its from a videogame. Assassin's Creed ? ?
The gold rush, the Melbourne real estate crash, Japan invading Russia, discovery of the XRay and who could forget the coronation of Tsar Nicholas II? Dream of the 1890s....
I want to post a cute thirst trap but I’m in so much pain from these damn TEETH. @USER Tooth, Root, and mouth pain.
Series of doobti quizzes ??? @USER Thread banale.
Here lad. I've had a look through your post history, lots of posts about wanting to die. You need to get yourself some help. Proper help, the last thing you need is this cow making fun of the things you enjoys. No shame in going to therapy for a few sessions. 
I’ve done it myself times when everything seemed fine, and after some trauma. Turned out to be immensely useful for both periods.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Is Sally still on the Gravy Bus? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER She’s on something, that’s for sure ????
In research, it's not enough to be 99.9% sure, you have to be 100% sure. How many of you agree?  @USER  @USER  @USER @AcademicDilemma. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Depends on the context? Nothing in Biology is 100%. Do you need to be 100% sure that you sterilised the laminar flow before working with cultures? Absolutely. Does a result 100% prove a hypothesis? Not necessarily! It's all part of the fun ?.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER Me.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
Adolfs brother worked in the shelbourne. Blindboy Podcast about it, fucking hilarious. Blindboys hot take that Hitler copied the laundry company's logo would be hilarious if some people didn't take it seriously. 
We had numerous posts about it on /r/ireland after the podcast, as if it were established fact.
What van would be acceptable for you? 
WE know what a Union flag is you patronising twat. Triggered much?
Ambo - Ambulance 
Divvy/ Divvy van - Police van 
Arvo - Afternoon 
Maccas - McDonald's 
Bonzer - Awesome
Dunny - Toilet 
Brekki/ breaky - Breakfast 
Goon - Cask wine 
Mozzie - Mosquito 
Sanger -  Sandwich 
Snag - Sausage 
Troppo - Crazy 
Don't piss in my pocket and tell me it's raining. Brekky is correct, I think. Breaky should be pronounced Bree-ki or Brake-y.
Black eye, bruised ribs( i think a few probably were broken but this was years ago so I’m not exactly sure), bloody nose and a twisted ankle. Wow I’m so sorry that happened to you and I hope that you are fine now.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER We will try to make it to run daily. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hello Team,
Can you please try and co-ordinate with Railway and to provide  stoppage on Chalisgaon, Pachora and Jalgaon Jn. ?
It will help a lot to these area passengers.
It's humble request.
Thank You.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Congrats!
Can you believe that business support will be delayed and then backdated because of Party recesses.. that few weeks could be the difference for some operators..

All because of Party Conferences.

They should have been cancelled with all the missed Parliamentary days already. @USER Exactly ?
No shit hardly wore a jumper for more a week or two last "winter". I wore shorts all winter here in Coffs.
If I didn’t need my health insurance I would have been quit my job. @USER Hang in there sis! ?
Reverse image searched it. The result was "Firearm". oof sorry couldn't find anything. You should try asking in /r/whatisthisthing.
Black card and penalty? @USER Absolutely should  that I know it could’ve been a game changer Wexford injuries through the game cost them in the last 15 minutes ,Well done Clare no arguments.
I maybe next time I should fly out from London Birmingham. Don't take the easy route, go from Glasgow London Airport.
By slashing oil production during an international energy crisis, Saudi Arabia is aiding Russia's war on Ukraine and adding to pain at the pump.

Continued U.S. dependence on Saudi Arabia is a threat to our national security.

And our dependence on oil is a threat to our planet. @USER And now the Saudi own America's largest oil distillation plants.
BREAKING: Harvard’s top Constitutional Law expert drops bombshell, declares that “it’s impossible NOT to indict Trump for violating the Espionage Act,” and that the Attorney General now “has no choice” but to lock him up in federal prison. RT IF YOU THINK TRUMP MUST BE LOCKED UP! @USER In just hope the people that make that decision see the same danger!
Biryani and icecream for lunch. Sunday done right bois and grills. Day well spent already 
Niice :).
Lammy on LBC talking about supporting Zelensky and the oppressed Ukraine, whilst openly supporting the oppressive regime of Israel. Does anyone take the word of these charlatans seriously? @USER Zelensky has banned 11 left wing parties, some over pro-Russia bias &amp; on 17 August, Zelenskyi ratified Law 5371, which removes rights for workers at small and medium-sized companies but aimed at the World Bank-IMF asset stripping to come. Lammy, politically &amp; morally bankrupt.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I was intrigued to the extent to which Ian Holloway transformed Blackpool's squad in the build up and during promotion to the Premier League, in the 2009/10 season. Achieving promotion against overwhelming relegation odds, was inspiring ⚽️ also the human qualities he brought.
راند دوم : هر دوستی تازه آمده به توییتر و کمتر از ۵۰۰ فالور داره ، زیر این پست اکانت خودش را بزاره تا من و بقیه دوستان فالو کنند! برای همبستگی و اتحاد ما #StopHazaraGenocide. @USER  @USER فالو کنید دوستان تا در جمع شما باشم.  چند روز هست فقط به خاطر اشتراک در این همایش هشتگ تلاش میکنم نمیدانم درست هست یا خیر دیده میشوم یا خیر .
it's not a real courtroom, both parties agree to let her act as a dispute settler. if either side doesn't like the outcome, they can just go through a real court. That’s not true at all.  She is a real judge and the rulings are legal.  They can’t have the case they represent in her court active anywhere else.
We once used coins such as Annas, paise, even half annas! and one could survive a day! 
The rupee used to be made of silver which would be a day’s salary back then, then we made rupee from copper nickel alloy, now steel! I guess we’ll either demonetise one rupee altogether or make them from aluminium before the end of this decade! > We once used coins such as Annas, paise, even half annas! and one could survive a day! 
> The rupee used to be made of silver which would be a day’s salary back then
How old are you?
Ah be very careful. Going from cooked to uncooked meats in the diet for a dog when they dont have the proper microbiome to help digest it.
My Dad is a butcher and we used to give my dog the best of cuts for his meals but now that he's 15, more cooked food and generic dogfood cause his belly ain't what it used to be. My little sausage dog eats royal Canin, and once ate an entire dead hare on a walk. The head, feet, hair, bones - everything.
I was sure he was going to die/be sick all over the gaff.
Not a bother on him. The divil.
We know it's tough for Musicians! You simply don't get paid enough for the art you make.

If it was up to you. How would you modify the music industry? @USER  @USER Make streams pay properly.
All I know nowadays is the team was busted cheating and one of em cried and now he’s advertising stuff on tv... weird a brand would have a cheat selling stuff but eh. So na.  Not into it. Talking about Steve smith?
@USER  @USER I’m so glad you got away Miss Taylor and it ended well. You’re story is an inspiration to women all over the country and they need to hear it ? Plus you’re my favorite on 1010xl. ☺️. @USER  @USER Awe well thank you!! I really appreciate that!! ♥️.
This shit show will be over in 2024. Shah and Modi will be kicked back to wherever shit hole they came from and their balls will be clipped. And then Yogi Adityanath will come.
In general, the Irish don't do big expressive celebrations like that. Seems like more an American thing? 
We're too shy. I dunno man, I'd be sweating at the thought of finding a tenner.
Loved this as a kid.
In hindsight it was completely mental though. *without my pants.
Great, now what they gonna use to bash up minorities in? Now that's what I call edgy!
I cannot wait to buy an actual booth.

There's one I'm eyeing up for less than $100, including postage to the UK. But I have to wait until after our wedding. Getting married is expensive! ? @USER So what is the set up and equipment going to be?  Where could I get them?So I could set up my dream booth. Getting help from an experience veteran voice actor would be so helpful. You guys have the most wisdom and advice to be given, it would be an honor to learn from you!
@USER Virtue’s of lies. @USER Not lies.
@USER I have two standing and one seated! @USER  @USER Do you still have these?
Serves you right for being a degenerate.  Dunking any kind of biscuit is an abomination but chocolate ones are particularly objectionable, specially in these difficult times of coronavirus, Br*xit and Baby Boris when everyone's nerves are frayed.  Have you no consideration for other people? I have a dunking problem. I've tried to quit many years ago but this is who I am and I've accepted that. The melted, gooey chocolate, the soggy base, a hint of coffee mixed into the dark chocolate. It's wrong, I know that but what can I do.
Bugger I missed that Glover save let me just rewi….oh never mind #MCYvWUN. @USER They did show a replay to be fair ?
Hi if someone bought you Chick-fil-A would you eat it or throw it in the garbage? @USER Give it to someone homeless.
@USER Cricket match ke liye rain Gods have taken a break. ? @USER Kab hai ye game.
@USER Oh dear what an awful ? thing to happen you didn't say wat happened and wat a beautiful tribute ? such a lovely video and song ❤ very tearful. @USER  @USER He went wrong during the race , looked like a leg break , very sad ?
Cheating on your barber is much worse. They know you’ve done the dirty. Say you were attacked by Edward scissorhands.
When you’re young, work to learn don’t work to earn.
You should prioritise study over work. Go full time uni and part time work. >work to learn don’t work to earn
What kind of boomer shit is this? Young people still have rent to pay.
That absolute cunt Emperor Commodus in Gladiator. You can FEEL the knife go In.
Would it not be a great chance to actually start Making in India. A key theme of the minister’s discussions with government ag ..
Read more at:
 URL.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER is there anything any of you could do to raise the issue of a seriously delayed child renewal ; holiday booked since 2019 &amp; fly 2/7 and no urgent slots available at midnight on any night ! We can't be the only ones. After 2 months,1 week &amp; 3 days our child renewal has gone to print @PassportIRL.???? We had finally secured an urgent appointment (after a full day of clicking refresh)for this afternoon . Typical. Thanks to customer service for your help. Now to wait for the post. Thankful.
I burst out laughing when a distant relative told me that her newborn daughter was called Tinkerbell. I thought she was joking, she wasn't. Poor kid. See! I have a 1 year old and I would be doing exactly this daily if I didn't have my few deep breaths before meeting every baby.
That's good. Much better to be over prepared in these cases. Why do you think this is over prepared?
As I dive more into health challenges that are prevalent within my family &amp; friends (heart disease, auto immune diseases, neurological diseases), research points to improving food choices for better nutrient density. Getting in protein, fiber, antioxidants &amp; the vitamins/minerals from whole food/plant food choices can make a huge difference.

 @USER has an amazing book called “How Not to Die”. I’m not saying to follow it directly, but it is definitely worth getting some ideas from.
Hope he does well. Dalit-Muslim-Adivasi unity only can save this country. We need OBC to realize that they are being used by upper caste to enforce caste system. No change in India is possible without including them. They make around 50% of Indias population.
We went to Glasgow and nearly got stabbed by some fella in his 40's. why? what did you do to the poor guy?
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER The thing about this is we can’t blink now. We left him take Crimea and he has returned for more territory. I think he’s weak. I hope his own people will bring him down.
@USER Why can’t you take your date for dinner at Mamma’s? @USER Seriously though, if some lovely lady invited me on a date to eat Mamma’s cooking I’m there pronto. Also, getting a look at Mamma is a good way to predict how her daughter is gonna turn out in future years, so best make that investigation early!
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Beattles: Elenore Rigby &amp; A Hard Day's  Night.
”...with the economy likely to grow at a rate slower than 5% in the current quarter, any talk of green shoots is just talk. A substantial recovery cannot happen unless investment in the economy picks up.”
In short we all are fucked. And Investment will only come if there is a pickup in demand.
@USER Wow!  Just Wow! ??? @USER ❤️??

Thanks as always xx.
@USER I wonder if he got confused while looking for three bears and accidentally wandered into the home of two bares. @USER ????
I think we all need to hold our nerve. Experts are saying just buy a little EXTRA each week, don’t try to have your own Woollies at home and do all your shopping for a year. We don’t want what’s happening in Germany - entire shelves bare - to happen to us. Remember we’re a remarkably self sufficient nation. Have a pantry and have enough; but let’s not make the tragedy of the commons happen for our neighbours. 
That being said, I keep a steady supply of pasta, canned tomatoes, beans, rice, canned citrus fruits and frozen food at all times. I grew up rural and lived in a survivalist community part time in my late teens, so having a well stocked pantry is never a bad thing. 
Remember: even in Wuhan right now, everyone has access to delivered groceries. Expensive and with some shortages, but no one is starving and even the Chinese government is sending in free food. 
Remember: often food shortages are created by overbuying! It’s a self fulfilling prophecy. Food makers aren’t expecting every citizen to suddenly need a six month supply and here’s the thing, you probably don’t. 
What you do need - hand sanitiser (harder to come by - was just in Canberra and Gundagai and all supermarkets are wiped clear), thermometer, ibuprofen, hospital grade disinfectant. If it runs out in stores because people are being Chicken Littles, vinegar kills 80% of germs. As someone else said, toilet paper is great and you’ll miss it when you don’t have it. Garbage bags too. 
Prepare for possible power outages, the same way we did for the bushfires. Get a power bank for $20 from Kmart (and a back up one if you really can’t stand your own company ?), a solar powered battery power bank and a hand crank radio. Batteries as well for LED lights and a radio. Pillar candles or tea lights as a back up and some matches. Yeah, if it kicks off the chemists will  struggle with symptom relief and temperature control drugs.
The theory that there's a cure for cancer out there somewhere. Not a developmental one, but one that has a high success rate, like vaccines for various diseases.  It's probably locked away guarded by heavily armed guards.  Imagine how much money the medical world would lose when an easily accessible cure is put on the market. Cancer generally happens later in life.  You can charge FAR more for a cure than for a treatment.  Make them pay for a cure, and the next round of people will be aging into cancer soon so that you can sell THEM the cure too...the market is endless, people are temporary.
Must feel good to be Adama Traoré right now. Who and what.
Why is the risk still incredibly low in Ireland? I've heard it said multiple times by the health officials with no context.
Is it just a numbers game or the climate or something? possibly very complex just my two guesses. We’ve only had 2 confirmed cases on the Island, and no known infections that took place on the island. The risk will get higher if we have cases from people who haven’t been to high risk areas, because that means people are becoming infected here. The risk won’t go to high until we get to a point of infections which can’t be traced.
Where did Gordon the gopher live? In the same closet as Philip Schofield.
My partner went and got some for me... girl went behind the counter and just gave it to him. Didn’t take ID, interrogate him about symptoms... 3 times in the past 4 years, I tried to get some when I was obviously sick... I got refused once (even when I went in with a Tamiflu script)... and the other times was treated like a criminal and had my ID scanned... 
I get my partner to go in... he must look trustworthy, because they always ask him: “how many boxes?”. Everyone gets their ID scanned.
"We're going to skate to one song, one song only.". Is that Blades of Glory?
This is your last shot to win today's #GIVEAWAY!

Q5. Brainstorming made you build your own sweet paper pile. Opt for _______ pages on the #RedmiWritingPad instead.

Comment with #RedmiWritingPad and #WriteClearRedoRepeat to win! @USER Ans. 5 &gt; 
Brainstorming made you build your own sweet paper pile. 
Opt for "20,000" pages on the #RedmiWritingPad instead.

#RedmiWritingPad #WriteClearRedoRepeat 
@RedmiIndia.
Get fucked. I’m Irish American, she’s right to march by me.
And I’m as Irish as you, bro. You don’t have to be Irish to be Irish. And you don’t have to be Irish to be Irish either. Nan and Pop were born and raised in Ireland and Dad always taught me I was Irish. The Irish never stop being Irish. Why do you think we march in those parades anyway?
EDIT: I’m leaving this here and you guys can downvote it to hell, like I give a shit. It’s not up to you if I’m Irish or not. I know I’m Irish and I’ve got the passport to prove it. If you have a problem with that, you gotta open your fucking eyes and stop being so goddamn judgemental. Fucking telling people they’re not Irish, shame on you. >And I’m as Irish as you, br
You're American ?
These are setts not cobbles. That's not what I was referring to riding over. If you knew the area you would get that.
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. Exactly.
@USER I wonder if  @USER would react the same. @USER  @USER I’d have pushed  @USER out of the way and made the catch ONE HANDED with no broken fingers.
Seeing the rest of the Democrats show Bernie Bros what’s up has been delightful. Bernie is overrated. Warren and even Buttigieg was a better option than him.
Edit: I meant Warren, not Sanders.
Thankfully, we don't have thousands of people from all over the world visiting Ireland in two and a half weeks time. It should be cancelled, you'd imagine there will be an awful turnout anyway.
Schofield and Willoughby say they didn't jump queue when they did. @USER of course they did...
@USER WTF??????
She ok? @USER She's fine. It's fake. Haha
She did a SFX workshop today.
If they took 50 people, including you, and said they were going to shoot one of you at random, would you be scared? No I'd be dead,  I know my luck.
I agree. RSS and BJP, eat gobar and fuck yourselves. Itna gobar bhara hai dimaag mein inke. Poora brainwash ho chuka hai. I think people should appear for a test based on politcal knowledge when it comes to voting.And I kid you not,only 25% would pass it.
And if something like this would to happen,you'd see a different party in power. For the good.
I don't know how a democracy is supposed to work with so many illiterates and uneducated people in the country...who vote for things like Balakot airstrikes,and sanctions on Kashmir.
This is why Socrates hated democracy with so many illiterates in a country/place.
Just a friendly reminder that 30cr people voted for BJP,which is why theyre in power dictating 130cr+ people.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Shame no one will be able to see such a 'crucial' event on TV. Is amateurish streaming on social media which has zero reach among the general public really the best the premier rally in Ireland can manage? Have a look at the NW200 to see how coverage should be done. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hey Say WhatNow, just wondered if you could expand on your thesis description of “amateurish” and the correlation coefficient where you decry viewership as “zero public reach” (in general terms) very interested to discuss and learn from your view point.
Ex-pat in China. The Union Jack is printed everywhere in China.
On e-bikes and cars, clothing, stationary, merch, shop logos, handbags, advertising, EVERYWHERE.
The only time I've ever seen any other flag is the Stars and Stripes on a pair of skimpy running shorts some sweating half-naked yank was wearing. I think you might be missing a big red flag there...
If he’s in prison in Victoria, Box Hill Institute offer courses. Their teachers come into the prison and meet with prisoner and do lessons and then give them stuff to work on til their next lesson ect and they can get qualifications. Obviously the options aren’t huge but there’s a few good useful courses and if nothing else it’s something to pass time. Thanks but he is in NSW. I should have mentioned in my post.
@USER What is the sense of the job DeSantis is doing wrt hurricane recovery?  Does she have an opinion? @USER Honestly, he seems to be doing well there, to her, and even my, perspective. He’s not dumb and decent in a crisis. But, it’s his views and lies that got her.
Where is BETI PARHAO BETI BACHAO  @USER ?
Gujarat ranking very poor  in girl child education
Only 10%  girls in Gujarat complete graduation
20% per cent of girls don't reach class 10.
Gujarat  at the bottom in education of girls in the age group 10-14 years. @USER  @USER Educate citizens instead of educating prime minister.  PARCIPATE &amp; bring change you wish to see. Don't seek Ministerial berth alone.
As usual they're very informative. Stay away from the east of Ireland people. Is it the east of the Shannon, east of Kildare,  what are we gaging this on lads?
We have someone who whenever their car moves uphill (our entire neighbourhood is on a series of huge hills), it lets out an incredibly loud and constant screech. Been like that for months now. Fuck knows what’s wrong with their car but I wish they would fix it at least out of courtesy for the neighbours. We have one of those boy racers with a big exhaust on his car and everytime he passes our house it sounds like someone is knocking on the door.
@USER that’s the best coffee you could get in Melbourne?

I’m insulted. @USER i was in a hurry, don’t cancel me for this.
Doesn't matter and it shouldn't matter, "loving" someone for money isn't actual love. Agreed. Just worried it may cause one to overlook someone or go with another option. If that makes sense.
I live in a hostel and I am really pissed about using a common bathroom. I can understand ? proper and regular cleaning of bathroom should be their priority.
No need for a leaving cert in a post corona economy. There’s no college course for killing your neighbor and raiding his freezer. Bold of you to assume there will be electricity in the post Corona world.
Don't know that much more needs saying about how the death of ERII affected us all differently, but am absolutely willing to acknowledge that my hysteria the day The Big Yin checks out will put the most unionjacketed of the last week to shame. @USER Same but when Attenborough pops off.
Viceland on  @USER is currently screening a doco on the IS brides. Many of the hard core are giving the IS finger sign and continue to be ISIS supporters. The interviewer has protection as some of the brides are lethal. And  @USER wants them to come here. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks I'll take a look on SBS on Demand.
There are way too many iffy occurrences before, during, and after 9/11. We can safely say the USA govt were incompetent in its prevention at least, and had a knowing hand in it at worse. 
The plane crashing into the towers appears to be doctored. 
All camera footage of the area was confiscated by the govt. Any footage you see online is state sponsored. 
The Air Force bases were ordered to run airline hijacking drills the morning of 9/11 by Dick Cheney (The devil) himself 
Proof that it was a controlled demolition was melted down and erased. 
The third tower, obviously, came down as a result of explosives. 
(I’ve been saving the biggest for last) - one of the alleged pilots of that flew into the towers was found alive and well shortly after and had nothing to do with the events. He’s no where to be found today. 
I hope no one believes in conspiracy theories. They’re just unanswered questions with not enough data to reach a conclusion. 
The troubling thing is, when the data you need comes from the source you suspect of wrong doing then you can either take their word for it, or not trust the data. How, excuse my french, the f r i c c could you actually beleive that 9/11 was faked, there is very conclusive footage, and proof that it was real, and live video of it was recorded on the news, with several witnesses how is it that despite all of that the government could still get away with it? Nobody noticed any fallacies? And why would the government destroy a major financial asset, what motivation do you think they would have for that? The thing about your argument is that it makes no logical sense what so ever, and I guarantee that the person who kamikazed into a building wasn't found perfectly fine afterwards, and the plane crashing into the building looks doctored? What kind of bs is that, you can analyze the footage yourself, or maybe ask a professional to look at it and see it definitely isn't doctored.
Well, the courts shouldn't be asked to do the duty of the executive. Courts can, and have, interfered when the executive does not do its duty. 
The SC has always been super strong and activist when it was the UPA in power. As it should be.
Bobde has other plans I guess.
@USER  @USER It’s all very “they just don’t realize they are Irish not British, and any day soon they will wake up and realize what a mistake they made”. @USER  @USER  @USER One hopes. It’s called Stockholm syndrome. In the case of wales &amp; Scotland it’s been even more protracted. London only cares for London.
Take the packing to back shelf if you don’t have lightening packing game.
Load the heavy stuff onto the conveyor first, lay out big bags in the trolley. Go go go. Tactical veg in the middle to slow them down.
The government response to the massacre was appalling and disrespectful to the victims.
There should be laws preventing the public office enacting Terrorist Manifestos into law and fulfilling the homicidal fantasy of such people. What are you talking about? What manifesto was made into law?
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. In the US, sure. No other country in the world makes such a profit on healthcare.
Have you ever been roasted by your Bestfriend? @USER ??? ,  ??????
Bag Of Shite Index: 

1 Alan King is a tit and not a useful one ?
2 They seek good ground here,
they seek good ground there,
those jockeys seek good ground  everywhere ?
3 Aussie Sprinters ???
4 Hurricane Lame ?
5 Alfred Munnings ? @USER 6. Wexford Hurlers.
Let the events of the last two weeks banish any suggestion that Scotland isn't a vital and integral part of the United Kingdom. @USER How sad that you feel you need to politicise the death of the Queen Is nothing below you and your party ?
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER Yes and very easy. I think I made my appointment for the next day.
The media. They thrive off of fearmongering and people are dumb enough to fall for that. What media are you talking about? This is media. Twitter is media. Facebook is media.
People should stop reading sensationalist news and hyper partisan news. They should stop watching entertainment news (And by that, I mean news that’s designed to be entertainment).
People should absolutely read trusted news sources. Journalists do one of the most important jobs in our Democracies and people should absolutely listen to them, learn how to interpret bias and learn how to have an informed opinion based on that interpretation. Read The New York Times *and* The Wall Street Journal. Read The Economist *and* Foreign Policy. Read The National Review *and* USA Today. Watch NPR. These are trusted sources of news and informed opinion from the left and the right and it’s your job as a citizen to read them and use them to form your own opinion.
A society where we’re all just forming our opinions based on what those around us say or what our own timeline says is not a healthy society.
I wonder these people go to pharmacy or gau sala. Probably to the USA ..best hospital there .
The leaders of the Church of England should be wary about clumsily intervening into complex political issues at the best of times. To do so on Easter Sunday feels very wrong. Archbishop of York views particularly wrong headed. Claims he’s in tune with majority of the public ? @USER Interesting. Your kind will be looking to silence  @USER in the same way the Nazis placed Martin Niemöller in a concentration camp. #RwandaNotInMyName #RwandaDeportation. You are so utterly on the wrong side of history.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I frequently find myself lowering my butt towards the seat where Bella is, thinking she will move…

And yet…. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER If she's anything like mine, she will be sitting with her paw poised to speed dial Cats' Protection.......
Good morning world, enjoy your Saturday ? @USER On my way to Australia so I can watch the eagles game lol..
I called rakes, rape. Wow, that's unfortunate. But also pretty funny ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER हिन्दुओं की गर्दनें कितनी कटीं, घर कितने जले ये भी तो बता दो... गोबरभक्त बहना.. एम्स नहीं जीवन की सुरक्षा चाहिए, सडंक नहीं इस्जाम से मुक्ति चाहिए। #संघभाजपामुक्तभारत. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER हाँ  चमचों  हिन्दुओं  की  गर्दन  करवायें  दिल्ली  में   @USER  ने  दंगाईयों से  पंजाब  में  खालिस्तानी लोगों  से  सच  है  कॉंग्रेस  और  आप  मुक्त  भारत  चाहिए  और  सबसे  ज्यादा   चमचों  से मुक्त  भारत  चाहिए  हमें.
@USER ??? @USER I am everything I am because of  him. ?
£4.99?? 
There are thousands of amazing curry recipes for free on BBC good food. Plus they're user rated by normal home cooks so you get an idea of how realistic it will be to get it right. I love Good Food and get most of my recipes from there but I’m yet to find a Curry recipe on there that tastes anything like a takeaway one (even the ones billed as ‘takeaway style’).
You can find many of these recipes on his website but they are quite complicated and I found them a pain to follow on my phone.
Coronavirus: Come for the Lung Disease, stay for a good case of fucking diarrhea. I just flushed my toilet.
Its a "Caroma" cistern. Clean flush it states.!
@USER  @USER I just saw them in MN and they didn't play it :(. @USER  @USER They came to Chicago around Christmas last year and rocked a small venue with it. I just wanna hear it again! How was the show in Minnesota?
Oh my god ... i never thought i would use the F word to describe the fascination my hindu brothers have for Gau mutra ....
My heart is beating out of my chest, my eyes clouded by pouring sweat,  my hand trembles as I type this ..... IT IS JUST A FILTHY  FFFF EEE TTT IIIIII SSSSS HHH .... there i said it .... Daymmm.
Giving your 2 year old fake guns, cracking parent. Looks about right for the area anyway. Dont you know that its the oppressive society that forces them to be scumbags ?   Just like being poor forces people to spend all their money on alcohol and cigarettes.
Putin bragging about modern nuclear weapons whilst sat in front on 1970s phones. Knob! #skynews #RussiaInvadedUkraine #Putin. @USER They looked like the ones in the Stasi museum in Berlin.
Name something you learned in school that you’ve never used in your adult life…. @USER How to disect a frog ?
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER A$$ hole.
Attendance &gt;&gt;&gt; Career  ?

Just got into a quarrel with my mom!? @USER me everytime with dad?
Glad you enjoyed it. I live close to here and it never gets boring. All year round its beautiful. I even proposed to my wife here :). It’s an appropriate place to do it, even crap days look nice here.
Good morning everyone, enjoy your Wednesday. @USER Morning Andy.
We shouldn't be deporting people to countries they've never lived in or only lived in briefly as a child and have no connection to.
Dutton is just another fool trying to be a hard man at the expense of basic empathy. I'm of two minds about this - on one hand, people are obligated to abide by their visa conditions no matter how long they've lived here - if you don't your visa will be revoked.
For most immigrants, the pathway to citizenship is fairlystraight forward, so if they choose not to become citizens,that's their own fault. 
The dame can't be said of our kiwi brethren for them it is difficult if neigh on impossible to gain citizenship.  That we allow them to come here and live indefinitely without giving them a chance to become citizens is morally wrong.
Cause car accidents on highways. I like it.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER मंगल सन्देश Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER FiFi,

whilst not for a moment questioning the accuracy of your comments - publicly praising the people who employ you in such fulsome terms - could be construed as somewhat self-serving. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I'm not employed by them.
Absolute whopper of a rookie mistake.. also, can’t wait 90seconds for your windscreen heaters to defrost it? Are you that important? Haha. >90seconds
Yeah, good one. Some cars take a lot longer than that. It's not unreasonable to look for a way to get it done quicker.
@USER Adelaide ch wadiya ajj mosam. @USER odr hi bhejde aa hun meeh ???
Goood Morning ?? woke up at 4, glad I was able to go back to sleep! Calling my dr office again.. still feeling bad. They are ignoring me?#hopeyouhaveagreatday. @USER Wishing you a good day and a FAST appointment!
Indian parents force their kids to study 16 hrs/day, force them to take tuition, spend lakhs on coaching so they score 90% but never prepare them for #stress, #anxiety, #depression they experience after losing seat to someone scoring 50%. Sadly, Equality exists only in books. @USER Talent is like water and it will find its own level … yes it’s pain but their is no gain without pain and that’s y they say when going gets tough, tough gets going so don’t worry as reservation will always make us stay ahead with hard work.
@USER But does Janice work there? @USER Should have asked.
Please tell me that's photo-shopped. It's photoshopped.
What’s your opinion on Meatloaf? @USER The rock star or the dish?
F*CK YES! Ron DeSantis is under federal Investigation by the US Department of Treasury over his use of COVID Relief Funds to fly migrants to Martha’s Vinyard. @USER If you seriously think that's going to result in anything other than more of our tax dollars wasted you're dreaming.
Bangladesh: Openly critical of India. 
Nepal: Embroiled in a border dispute. 
Bhutan: Limiting Indian tourist access. 
Sri Lanka: Rajapaksa ousts pro-India incumbent.
Afghanistan: Americans are rehabilitating the Taliban. 
Iran: See above.
Pakistan: Pushing forward with a concerted diplomatic offensive. 
China: Making ingress into Indian territory by building infrastructure to change facts on ground. 
But at least watching Jaishankar give tactless aggressive responses to foreign dignitaries provides bahkts enough material to jack off over a “strong India”.
Wonder what happened to his “look east policy”, I’m assuming planning guided tours to Kashmir is taking up all of the foreign ministry’s time. Canada: Telling their citizens to not travel to India seeing current situation.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nice one Eddie. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ah thanks Mary, was a lovely evening &amp; great to see the Igbo community take the lead in organising the event to celebrate the diversity &amp; cultures living in Waterford.
Adam We!
(I'm happy that's the second time I got to post this today). Nobody messes with Adam We.
@USER  @USER He went to the school LOOKING first his child, killed others, left and found his wife and child
Murder suicide 
Ex cop with a drug problem. @USER  @USER  @USER With a Known problem.
Weak men are the most dangerous humans in the world. @USER I know many alpha males, real ones, like @roger_westhoff, @Beartxag, almost everyone I work with and the difference between them and males like you is they are quietly and utterly competent and confident where you so desperately reek and screech of Prom King Douchebaggery.
Seems like many Indians on Reddit are as likely to ignore/deny these posts as are the ones sitting at home and receiving their news from WhatsApp. 
DissapointedIndian. precisely the reason they won't ever get to know what happen beyond infiltrated whatsapp groups.
Throw it back at the little shits. 8 of them. If it were 1 I'd probably chance confronting them but I'm old enough to know when I'd be out of my depth.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER How many can you get? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER DIVERSE
REWIRE
CREEDS

(I can't see anything else for the last one!).
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. There have long been documented cases (with evidence) that these courses are just what you claim, a cash grab by the organization that is singing you off. You are not crazy, the course is complete bullshit as you have discovered.   
Unfortunately it's easier to just get through it than to try to kick up a stink. I know from experience.
BREAKING REPORT: Marine Recruit, Private First Class Javier Pong – [18 YEARS-OLD] – Dies After Collapsing During a Training Exercise at Camp Pendleton... @USER  @USER Prayers for the family ?❤️?  #RIP.
no don't please. i was crushing over since she came. keep that chutiya away. You know there's something else that Trump family has in common with the Lannisters aside from the obsession with gold.
@USER Maybe if journalist did there job &amp; stopped giving SF a free run when interviewed there would be no need for dossiers. They are playing the Trump &amp; Boris tune, populist politics. We see in USA &amp; UK two countries that are now a mess. Stop listening to waffle dig deeper. @USER  @USER Oh Comon.. I stopped watching political debates n interviews because they thrashed SF n gave easy rides to the rest..
Guy tries to call police on himself. 

Young gent P1 comes to the door. Regular knows we search. Hands over his wallet, boom bag of cocaine . 

B1 “Sorry mate that’s getting destroyed, and you’re not coming in, however you’ve not caused issues before so come back next week and all is forgiven” 
Sounds fair right? 
P1 “ok I’ll go, can I have that back?”
B2 “err no mate”
P1 “ why not?”
B1 “because we’re not drug dealers! Of course you can’t have it back we’re all under cctv and this will be destroyed under camera too”
P1 “ I don’t believe you’ll destroy it!”
(Note: Many people seem to think bouncers either all take or sell gear, it’s not true and even if one of us wanted drugs we’re not gonna trust something that you could have got anywhere and done anything to)
B1 “it’s not my job to convince you of anything mate, been nice, been fair now please listen to your GF and go home”
P1 “ I’m gonna call the police and tell them you’re in possession of drugs”
B2 and B3 laughing I take the lad away from door to chat more discreetly. 
B1” look mate I know your annoyed but you’re saying you’re gonna call the police to tell them we’re in possession of drugs? That we took from you!
P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up. > P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up.
that's crazy, in the US they'd come and arrest him put him in jail, thousand dollar fine maybe 6 months in jail and 5 years probation for a wad of coke. Weed not so much.
The SDA is a union run by social conservatives that exists to exert power within the labor party rather than do what is best for their members.
>"The SDA is a tame cat union," says Paul Conway, secretary of left-wing Victorian meatworkers union. "Its primary interest is not its members but numbers in the ACTU and ALP, getting its people into Parliament, having an impact on issues like same-sex marriage."
> URL 
You might have seen recently in the news the pro coal "Otis Group" group in labor. What you might have missed is that that group is predominantly SDA affiliated.
> What is perhaps most curious about the Otis Group, is the prominence of Members and Senators aligned to the Shop Distributive and Allied Employees Association—the Shoppies.
>Let’s go through the list: -
From the Senate:
>* Senator Ciccone: Shoppie.
* Senator Polley: Shoppie.
* Senator Kitching: an honorary Shoppie by virtue of her factional prowess.
* And, of course, The Godfather, Senator Farrell: Shoppie.
>From the House;
>* Daniel Mulino: Shoppie
* Nick Champion: Shoppie.
* Amanda Rishworth: Shoppie.
* Luke Gosling: Shoppie.
* And Anthony Byrne: a so-called ‘Mod’ which a new factional grouping that Guy Rundle
has described as ‘quantum-Shoppies: existing in two factional states simultaneously’.
>By my count, that’s basically half—of the pro-coal group of ALP parliamentarians
who are Shoppies.  And a number of these Shoppies are from places like South Australia, Northern Territory
and my home state of Tasmania where the coal industry is either quite small or non-existent.
>How very curious. Not from coal mining unions; not from coal mining states; but with the numbers in a pro-coal
faction. - The Otis Group could easy be known as the New National Civic Council.
What on earth are those Labor members who have found themselves in the Parliament because
of their affiliation with a union that represents retail workers doing spruiking for coal?
> URL 
Now you might not care about internal labor politics but what it means is that the SDA gives sweetheart deals to companies as long as they help sign up new members for the SDA which gives them more clout inside the labor party.
>A partnership was formalised with the SDA in 1971 when six major retailers, including Coles and Woolies, signed landmark “closed shop” deals under which companies would sign up their staff as SDA members on the union’s behalf. 
> URL 
But it generally means that they don't care about fighting for their members once they are signed up. Nobody wants to make enemies of big companies if they are trying to angle into a cushy parliament job.
Which leads to things like this
>Coles workers have received pay rises of as much as $150 a week after a substandard wages deal between the shop assistants union and supermarket giant was replaced.
>...
>In 2016, the full bench of the Fair Work Commission found that deal failed the "better off overall test", the legal test that workers have to be paid more than the award.
>More than half the workforce was underpaid, evidence from Coles’ own expert showed.
>It took nearly another two years of legal wrangling after that Fair Work ruling for a new agreement to take effect. That deal now largely reflects the minimum rates of the award.
>Nelio Da Silva, who has worked for more than five years at Coles, now gets paid an extra $140 a week under the new deal.
>He recently joined the new union, the Retail and Fast Food Workers Union, whose secretary Josh Cullinan exposed the Coles deal in 2015.
>"'I was always after a union that represented me better,’’ Mr Da Silva said. ''They (SDA) are more conservative and that’s not me.''
>The SDA is well known for its conservative social positions whether on abortion, euthanasia and for many years on same sex marriage.
>It is the largest affiliate of the ALP and has substantial political sway in Labor and the ACTU.
>An Age and SMH investigation across 2015 and 2016 revealed SDA deals across fast food and retail left more than 250,000 workers paid less than the award and saved business at least an estimated $300 million a year.
>But despite that the fate of these workers has drawn little or no support from the broader union movement, even as unions have campaigned against penalty rate cuts, wage theft and flat wages.
>Ms Ramnac had been suspicious of the SDA after her manager at McDonald’s pushed hard for her to join.
>''When I went to McDonald’s they really pushed for the SDA, obviously I joined because I was a vulnerable young worker,'' she says.
>''Soon I realised, on my own terms, they weren’t doing much. When you’re not accountable, not transparent, I can’t trust you.''
> URL 
Hope it helps. I wish it did. 
It sounds mostly political. Kind of curious to hear from people who are with raffwu and whether they're more effective at getting workers what they want.
Not many. It's not original enough. Well should I insert a picture of penis or something?
The law is designed to fast-track citizenship for religious minorities being systematically persecuted in neighboring Muslim countries. Why is that discriminatory? That’s such a stale debate at this moment. Of course caa on its own is only against Indian values but not discriminatory to any Indian citizens. The trouble is when you combine it with nrc. 
That assclown of a home minister has already said they plan to implement it nation wide. All it takes to calm the people down is to come out with a statement saying that he was wrong when he said that and the government has no plans of implementing nrc nation wide in the form in which it was implemented in Assam.
@USER Maybe she’s a free spirit like her mom-Good Luck and keep us posted ??? @USER Thanks Jim… my free spirit has been tamed over time but not tide!
Or they’ve never been to London. Or they’ve never been anywhere other than london.
London sucks. It really doesn’t. But what makes you feel that way.
@USER Ahh cmon fam why you gotta do us dirty like that ?? @USER  @USER Where is SS these days?
@USER You’re a bitch. @USER Yup! You too ???
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब_जी_अमर_रहे. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब_जी_अमर_रहे 
#मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#बहुजन_महानायक.
As an american dealing with the cheeto, is the Irish president generally well supported? It's easy to be a well liked President in Ireland, as the role is mainly ceremonial. That said, Michael D is particularly well liked. To the point where the entire country refers to him by his first name out of affection. 
The Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar is the one most equivalent to the US president. He's not well liked, and recently lost a general election. They're trying to form a new government as we speak, but basically he and his party were voted out.
I would never have guessed such a beautiful shot could have been taken within 50 miles of Bradford. The Yorkshire Dales are within 50 miles of Bradford...
My partner went and got some for me... girl went behind the counter and just gave it to him. Didn’t take ID, interrogate him about symptoms... 3 times in the past 4 years, I tried to get some when I was obviously sick... I got refused once (even when I went in with a Tamiflu script)... and the other times was treated like a criminal and had my ID scanned... 
I get my partner to go in... he must look trustworthy, because they always ask him: “how many boxes?”. But it should never come down to a personal judgement based upon stereotypes. Its the  biggest failing of our  system that should only consider medical need rather than stereotypes and nasty ideology. 
The whole system is a joke and I blame our nanny state politicians for this  despicable treatment. The way they legislate to treat ordinary people is wrong. I wonder why it is in places like HK, Thailand and most of SE Asia where you can get anything without script  and the population majority are not addicted drug addicts sniffing blood pressure medications like they think we do in Australia. How condescending is it that  chemists and our politicians think that the Australian  people  have a predisposition to abuse every drug on the planet from toe fungal cream to common things like headache and cold medications. The whole system is a farcical joke.
what time does tmobile fat musty ass open. cause i rlly need to change my number.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#बहुजन_महानायक. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#कांशीरामजी_को_भारतरत्न_मिलना_चाहिए 
#बहुजन_महानायक.
There’s an app called Meetup that runs various things in Dublin, check it out. I personally go to the drinks on Wednesdays but there’s also other activities on there. Ive been on it before but didnt seem to find anything. I think I'll re-download it.
@USER So you DO wear bedclothes?    As for the fox walking through - no thanks, the cat is bad enough! @USER Lol. Bedclothes in the uk are a safety feature. We’d freeze to death without them! ?
I am a germophobe and ATMs and shopping trolleys definitely make me uncomfortable. Then you don't want to think about bus and train poles, public bathroom doors/knobs (like Central station) and 711 hot dogs!
Has no one mentioned Epstein? It’s like the one conspiracy theory I can think of that is probably thought to be true by the majority of all normal people
Edit: thank you all of reddit for telling me that I missed the previous comments like mine. Its not even a theory anymore, its basically accepted as fact by anyone who has at least two brain cells and no vested interest in defending him.
Life is like a penis 
Sometimes it's up 
Sometimes it's down, but it won't be hard forever. @USER  @USER Depends.
What about the significant drop in homeless figures during the election campaign and then this month there back up over 10000. I knew when the figures came out just before the election it was fishy as fuck.
The three great universities are Oxford, Cambridge and? "wherever I went"?
Big difference is that land is cheaper in Texas and governments dont  interfere with private property rights once zoned. Australia is a locked up country, locked up bureaucracy, nanny state laws and endless regulations that rarely achieves its objectives. From my experience in Texas is that they have a  greater desire to protect the natural beauty and wilderness values than  just about all our governments  while still making Texas the cheapest places to build  a house or own land.  We have lots of potential but we squander our opportunities because of our stupid politicians. ....yes, but here, you're not going to get shot by someone who thinks they have the right to own a military weapon, and if you do get hurt, you can be taken to hospital and treated without having a crippling bill follow you out of the hospital and having to declare medical bankruptcy; you can go to university without being laden with debt as soon as you get out and we have elections that are run by an impartial independent body, not potentially by the incumbent.
Sorry, I'll take here, thanks, over that lunatic asylum.
We are living through the government that our founders warned us about. @USER No, that was the last administration.
That means nothing. Yeah, it's pretty much the norm for all really rich people (politicians included) to send their kids to study in these kinds of universities and it isn't just one political party that does it.
If it's anything like Tudors, Vikings, etc that were done in Ardmore, they'll call you at any stage between now and end of filming with maybe 2-3 days notice. Keep it growing. If they need a bearded extra your set, if not shave away and you're set. At least you'll be keeping your options open.
My son ordered the same pizza from Dominos so often, that once when he changed his order slightly they rang him to see if they had made a mistake. But why did he change his order?
The government response to the massacre was appalling and disrespectful to the victims.
There should be laws preventing the public office enacting Terrorist Manifestos into law and fulfilling the homicidal fantasy of such people. What are you talking about? What manifesto was made into law?
#TrumpMeltdown Have they investigated Trump’s relationship to Jeffery Epstein yet? @USER Always going back to bill Clinton. Now look at 550 Arizona kids missing from the state cps. Pedophile.
Guy is my longtime fb friend. Very measured and rational person. Goes to show what happens to you if you criticize the PM or his riotous followers if you don't have any political backing and you live in BJP ruled state. Lately Barak Valley has become a lot more intolerant.
@USER Your collars are absolutely gorgeous ?? @USER Oh wow thank you.
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER We can only hope! Perhaps we’ve declared war on Russia or put a man on Mars overnight.
Wake the fuck up Australia, you're getting robbed. > Wake the fuck up Australia, ~~you're getting~~ you have been robbed.
FTFY.
@USER Be safe, nice song choice. @USER Thank you?
Just dreamt of China, India and Pakistan in a three front nuclear war, and total annihilation. It was such a vivid dream. The babyverse will never let such a thing happen??
I make my living gigging around the country, a little fearful gigs will be cancelled now... Same here. Literally visiting every corner of the country in the next 2 weeks and they will all be large gatherings.
Can you believe that business support will be delayed and then backdated because of Party recesses.. that few weeks could be the difference for some operators..

All because of Party Conferences.

They should have been cancelled with all the missed Parliamentary days already. @USER Most companies haven't even seen the energy increases hit them yet! Although if any business is unable to absorb a short term increase in costs, then is it really viable anyway!?
Without telling your age, what song reminds you of your high school years? @USER My Sharona.
Resist going down the rabbit hole of any ideology including religion. Keep an open mind. Username checks out.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Doing great work dear, go ahead ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
Sure Ireland hasn't been neutral since ww never.
We claim to be neutral but we're very pro allied. We are still neutral.
I'm not sure you fully understand what that means tbf.
Good morning everyone, enjoy your Wednesday. @USER Morning Andy.
Personally I have the Contigo Autoseal and honestly love it! I’ve heard many good things about Frank Green as a whole but also seen mixed reviews on the coffee cups. I see. I won't lie, I kinda like the Frank Green's design. 
As far as I know, they make only coffee cups, are you referring to any particular product or that you've heard good things about FG overall?
Yes South Park-Simpsons. Cartoons more crossover than reference but it count i guess.
Q7. Which color of the #GalaxyZFlip3 would you like to win?
A. Cream
B. Phantom Black
C. Lavender
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q7) A. Cream ?

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
Selling 3 Gerry cinnamon tickets face value for tommorro malahide castle #ticketfairy. @USER I may know someone interested. Are the physical tickets or electronic?
@USER The RL bubble scene needs a little bit more than the one of the other esports in my bed. @USER  @USER Unreal dedication to the esport @Gregan.
Bloody Dutton’s comments at the end just fill me with shame and despair - what a complete c*nt. I'm just glad we dodged the bullet of that mini 'tator becoming PM.
@USER Have a great safe day?????☕️☕️☕️. @USER Thank you Deacon.❤.
Uneducated fucks.
This country's education system is a joke.
My toilet papers are at least useful to wipe ass. Those degrees are useless. Tell that to employers.    
And after u get a good job with ur toilet papers, make a post on reddit.
The organizer Larry Cummings is off the boat Irish. He’s one of your own. We disown this fella.
But it does reflect the cost of borrowing? So your money goes less far if you’re buying on credit? £300/ month gets you £10 1/2k at 3% over 3 years, same repayments at 20% is £8 1/4.
I’m no car expert but I recon 20% more budget probs gets you a better car?
Its a fuck up big deal, somone pressed the wrong button.  Of course they didn't explain it,  they wouldnt have known about it.
What I dont understand, why didnt you enquire instore instead of getting behind your keyboard and sending them an enquiry and then getting all pissed off because they haven't called you., yet. Because I work, do all the housework and cooking, and raise two disabled kids. Sure, I'll just find to drive down for a chat instore.  If I'm promised a callback I expect one.
It's so important to post your content to other platforms for growth. You're not going to grow by just streaming constantly and not branching out. @USER ? % FACTS!!!!
iirc, women were also the biggest victims in Gujarat Riots... This is India, we dont give a damn about women. They are property. Our ministers say "we will abduct their 100 woman if they take our 1 woman" like they're tender meat. That's what they are to us.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aren't they beautiful. xx. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aren't they just Jo? ?️??xx.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER Yes
You go and elect a party with that in their manifesto
That's how it works doesn't it ?
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. More evidence the  LNP are sociopaths.
@USER With mom's Bonneville in the garage... @USER I hope it’s a black SSEi.
चुनाव आयोग ने उद्धव ठाकरे गुट को आगामी विधानसभा चुनावों के लिए जलती हुई "मशाल" चुनाव चिन्ह आवंटित किया है।पार्टी का नाम होगा "शिवसेना उद्धव बाला साहब ठाकरे" 

महाराष्ट्र के मुख्यमंत्री एकनाथ शिंदे के गुट की पार्टी का नाम "बालासाहेब बालासाहेबआंची शिवसेना" होगा।. @USER Bahut Late ho Gaye Sir, Update karne me.
I understand only criminal charges show up, and hypothetically if it did mention anything they look at the nature of what occurred e.g. speeding fine NBD, but serious crimes (murder) would be an issue. An admission to a psychiatric unit might be viewed as beneficial to the school because you would have lived experience which is valuable. > .. but serious crimes (murder) would be an issue. 
Shur I'll throw in the application and see how it goes.
Someone please help me:  I was on a plane to the UK and the man next to me was drinking a Pepsi or Coke mixed with Worcestershire sauce in it.  It was on the label too!  He was weirded out that I was weirded out.  Has anyone ever seen that drink??? Only in my nightmares.
it definitely  licked the saliva from the corner of your mouth while you slept.. Pretty sure it didnt.
David Miscavige, the chairman of the Church of Scientology definitely murdered his wife and is getting off scott free for it. Him and his wife got into a pretty heated argument in 2007, and she hasn’t been seen since. Lawyers hired by David claim she is still alive and devotes 100% of her time to work at the church of scientology, which is why she hasn’t been seen since August 2007. In 2013, a former member of the church had filed a missing person report that was closed after a few officers had “spoken and seen Mrs.Miscavige”, even though there’s no evidence whatsoever of this meeting. All missing person’s reports now are turned down since this investigation is forever closed. She is either dead or locked in a bunker.
सुना है सबकुछ मिल जाता है गूगल पर
 वफादार दोस्त चाहिए लोकेशन भेजना मुझे. @USER ए हैं लोकेशन.
But they're not in power. Don't we how it could be any worse with sinn fein in power but hopefully we see soon.
@USER Could you please provide your address so we can follow up with the Environmental Health Team. Thank you. @USER I have sent u a DM.
> health authorities have reminded people that you cannot eat toilet paper
That sounds like a challenge! Said every dog ever. My cat would like to weigh in on this too....she’s ringed barked the loo tree.
Today, I am seven years sober. @USER Congratulations.
I always believed that Partitioned shouldn’t have happened and we should have been all living in one unified india. I am a Pakistani living in Los Angeles and have a lot of Indian friends. 
Today my views have changed, I am glad Muslims have Pakistan. It would have been quite hard for a party like bjp to ever come to power... If we were united.... Problem is Muslims have no majority state they are fragmented across the subcontinent had there been states like Muslim dominated east bengal Sindh punjab and kashmir... Not sure if Balouch would have joined this shit would have never happened.... Altho our democracy should have made sure that this should have never been a case but well nothing is perfect and sadly it has come to this...
If it makes you guys feel any better I live in Manhattan now and people call Staten Island “Trash Island” and “The Garbage People” unironically for this very reason. Even New Yorkers hate Staten Island. Even people that live on Staten Island hate Staten Island. Well at least roughly half.
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER I was lucky enough to not watch OZARK until this year so I got it pretty much all at once. It took me two months. Two wonderful months. I loved every character and their “badness”.
My partner went and got some for me... girl went behind the counter and just gave it to him. Didn’t take ID, interrogate him about symptoms... 3 times in the past 4 years, I tried to get some when I was obviously sick... I got refused once (even when I went in with a Tamiflu script)... and the other times was treated like a criminal and had my ID scanned... 
I get my partner to go in... he must look trustworthy, because they always ask him: “how many boxes?”. But it should never come down to a personal judgement based upon stereotypes. Its the  biggest failing of our  system that should only consider medical need rather than stereotypes and nasty ideology. 
The whole system is a joke and I blame our nanny state politicians for this  despicable treatment. The way they legislate to treat ordinary people is wrong. I wonder why it is in places like HK, Thailand and most of SE Asia where you can get anything without script  and the population majority are not addicted drug addicts sniffing blood pressure medications like they think we do in Australia. How condescending is it that  chemists and our politicians think that the Australian  people  have a predisposition to abuse every drug on the planet from toe fungal cream to common things like headache and cold medications. The whole system is a farcical joke.
Coming to Cincinnati for a couple days tomorrow! Would love to know what to eat, please! @USER @MashRoots_Cincy.
So finally the stupid have outnumbered the sane. Haha, stupids have always outnumbered the sane. One of the reasons why democracies fail.
r/gatekeeping toast now?
For shame! I like my toast burnt and stake well cooked.
r/unpopularopinion ?
The Left's problem is it can only entertain one narrative -  that all Tories are evil Thatcherites who put fiscal parsimony above everything else. They can't get their heads round what Truss is actually doing. @USER I reinforce my thinking by checking Richard Burgons tweets daily.
Clueless.
Why are so many world leaders absolute dickheads?
> Did you hear? There's a natural order
> Those most deserving will end up with the most
> That the cream cannot help but always rise up to the top
> Well I say, "Shit floats". Because they're the ones most willing to kick others off the ladder and say whatever it takes to win over people who aren't paying attention.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ??‍♀️.
I am not an addict. I just have a f*cking  problem. When I want, I don't take no for an answer. @USER Can be your boy friend.
Aside from tourists sitting in the priority season and ignoring me standing with a nine months pregnant belly, or the bus on New Year's with a bunch of young kids drinking who then started shouting "Let us off! Emergency!" while one of the boys vomited all over the bus floor, here's my favorite.
About a month ago I was leaving the GP with my daughter who was 4 months old and sick, so I had the pram with me to put her in if it started raining and she was strapped to my chest in the carrier because she needs a good cuddle when she's not feeling well. I get on the bus with my pram and go to sit down when the bus driver starts shouting at me that "all unoccupied prams must be folded and stored!!". He won't move the bus, and the pram doesn't really fold easily, not to mention how am I supposed to fold it down with a sick baby strapped to me?? I go to explain I can't fold it and the driver just keeps telling me "all unoccupied prams must be folded and stored!"
I had no choice, I pulled my daughter out of the carrier, apologized to the people around and let them know she was going to cry and put my now screaming sick baby into the pram and said "it's not unoccupied now."
If I could have held my screaming baba up to that man's ear like a seashell, I would have. I get that rules are rules, but it was kind of ridiculous. Bus driver sounds like he was on a power trip.
I have a company credit card for entertaining customers which I have, on occasion, used to purchase an extravagant selection of biscuits for the office. How extravagant?
Depends on how the shipper sends it.   If they send it via post, then Aust Post handles it here.    But if they use a courier service like DHL or Fed Ex, then they handle it all the way to your door.
Most couriers will not deliver to a post box either. DHL don't deliver outside of capital city  metro areas, they offload it to couriers.
Hi if someone bought you Chick-fil-A would you eat it or throw it in the garbage? @USER Give it to someone homeless.
@USER Gm gm. @USER GM GM.
@USER How long did that take mate? Home next month and want to do a few climbs with the kids. Did Diamond Hill 3 years ago easy enough but there older now. @USER Up and down in 3 hours but that was going at the pace of the slowest in the group....you'd want to be reasonably fit as it's steep enough in places.
I’d fire him for going to Greggs period. Period? This isn't American Problems friend.
currently going through a bit of an aussie hip hop phase and I think this is the only genre I’ve ever really listened to that I just can not bring myself to play in session. there is simply no way to make it work. one can not do sadism to a soundtrack of our unadulterated accent. @USER Challenge accepted.
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. Well you can't have a 'cure for cancer' because cancer is an umbrella term for many diseases. That's like saying about cure for lung disease. Also several forms of cancer can essentially be 'cured' due to improving therapies.
Wasnt it said that the coronavirus wont survive in warm climates and that's why regions like Europe are under major threat and regions like Africa and India are relatively safe from a major outbreak ?
Or was that another myth of COVID?
Just googled it and this is the best answer I could find.Guardian
>Is it possible the warmer weather may bring relief?
Some observers have pointed to the fact that Africa has relatively few cases of Covid-19 and that this may be a response to hotter conditions there. The virus cannot take the heat, in other words.
Most scientists counsel caution, however. “The disease has only just arrived in Africa and it is far too early to tell how it will behave there,” says Woolhouse. “We will just have to wait and see.”. Viruses from bats are more resistant to high temperatures as bats produce high temp. While flying.
As for Africa, Africa is less connected to the rest of the world so fewer cases.
Face masks don't help you from catching it said on tv tonight. It only stops from spreading if you have it so no need to wear one. But they're doing it in China so it must work. 
They also slung cats and dogs out of the top floor of apartment buildings, so we should probably start doing that too.
How long has this whole dress g up for book day been around for? I’m 33, and honestly can’t remember doing this back in school. (If we did, I’ve managed to completely erase it from memory ). As a 32 year old, the school would give us a £1 book token, and had a load of books we could buy for a quid.
I didn’t actually learn to read until I was 13, so even then it would have been better if they concentrated on the basics, rather than gimmicks, but what do I know, at primary school I was always called ‘dim’.
I want to do hospitality/travel ugc but I see little to no black creators doing this for ugc. It just has me wondering if it’s even possible. Brands do not champion the diversity they say they do. @USER I have seen a bit of them in new York!
@USER What is Sooner Leesa? @USER What is so frustrating?
Guy is my longtime fb friend. Very measured and rational person. Goes to show what happens to you if you criticize the PM or his riotous followers if you don't have any political backing and you live in BJP ruled state. At his point your best bet is to lay low and work and when the opportunity arrives emigrate.
Unfortunately, while Bus Éireann and Iarnróid Éireann accept the Student Leap Card as proof of your student status, Dublin Bus, Luas, Dart and Commuter only accept it.
An Post are usually very good at getting things to the correct person. If you're at 50 Fitzwilliam Street and they send it to 15 Witzfillian Road, I'd say it'll get to you.
There's not much that they can do to trace you, but if the same inspector catches you again, he might call the guards. If you're found guilty in the District Court of deliberately evading your fare (and while the inspector has accepted you acted in error, rather than fraudulently, by purchasing a student ticket you weren't entitled to and gave you a Standard Fare Notice instead of prosecuting; if you've given him a false name and address that is an attempt to evade your fare) you face a fine of up to €1000 plus costs.
What is the reason code on your notice? 
If you appeal it right away it's frozen at the lower rate of €45 instead of going up to €100 (if not paid in 28 days) until the decision is made, so if nothing else this will allow you some time to get the money together. I got a letter from Cadburys with a town that doesn't exist as well as a county that doesn't exist. I've no idea how An Post got that letter to me.
Ah the old 'I've dropped my sweets' dilemma, do you scrabble around and pick them up putting them in the bag because you'll bin them later (liar); do you kick them under the nearest seat or hide them under your feet/bag until you can make a hasty exit; do you break down in tears at the latest shit hand life has dealt you?
Or do you just sit on the floor and eat them whilst making eye contact with all around you daring them to challenge your need for sugary goodness? Five second rule.
@USER Adelaide ch wadiya ajj mosam. @USER odr hi bhejde aa hun meeh ???
? I will never become full on vegetarian/vegan, BUT the more I expand my knowledge on improving nutrition &amp; overall health, the better that approach looks. @USER ???same.
Lmao. Too bad the person she was tweeting is a nutcase.
A Day In The Life or Baba O’ Riley? @USER Beatles.
Calling it a 'Frey Bentons' pie is bad enough. Eurgh, just realised. Im gonna blame my auto correct  and not my poor proof reading.
What a terrible article but its NewsCorp so what did I expect.
>• Since 1985 average full time wages have increased 4.3 times, from $20,644 to $88,140.
>• Capital city house costs have increased 8.2 times in that period, up from $72,827 to $596,986.
>• The proportion of household income spent on mortgages climbed from 28 per cent to 36 per cent.
>“In all honesty, it looks like it is going to get worse from here for new buyers,” Mr Cooke said.
>“While inflation and wage growth have been painfully low in recent years, the value of property just keeps going up.”
So they admit that it's worse and going to get worse.
>Younger generations faced new spending categories such as smartphones, internet and subscriptions, Mr McCrindle said.
Everyone goes out and buys a new phone every year that costs under $1k, an internet connection that's maybe $50 a month and subscriptions... like magazine subscriptions from the boomers days (I know it's not what they're talking about but they're not new things 'subscriptions'), and that's why they cant afford a house? 
>Boomer parents were sympathetic towards their children’s housing struggles, Mr McCrindle said.
>“A lot of Boomers say ‘I couldn’t afford to buy where I currently live’,” he said.
>“It’s their children priced out of the market and they’re happy to lend a hand.”
Ah, great so there's no problems at all. Screw all the people without well off parents, or without any parents at all. Scrap negative gearing, add capital gains tax and then cross your fingers and pray. Thats my hope. I certainly don't have better answers.
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars? song was such a banger.
You guys do realize that IT founders and scientists tend to be religious right? What.. ?, No
Being an IT guys or a scientists have nothing to do with being religious.
On the contrary, many scientists become atheistic overtime.
Things are only going one way. Might as well just call the second election and see how a left coalition gets on in government. calling an election at the early stages of a pandemic? no party would consider this to be a good option.
@USER No longer buses due to disposable drapes. @USER Sorry used not buses !
Bugger no dunny paper oh well courier mail will have to do. Just remember to crumple, roll and crumple. You dont want to end up with "Murdoch red ass syndrome" Its bad when your ass looks like his face.
Good Morning &amp; Merry Christmas Everyone!!! ??
Oops, I mean Happy J6 Hearing Day!!?
✌?❤️⚖️?? @USER I spend Thursdays with a couple of grandkids. I need to set my record divice. I have a bullshit xfinity system and I'm struggling with how to do it but I will persist... although grudgingly. We switched to save money. It streams everything ?. I'm not sure about it.
Claims the US/West denied defense equipment to India seem unfair &amp; incomplete. All parties made choices. Price &amp; tech leakage were factors, as were political strategies. The USSR sought to foil Indian diversification to keep it on the hook &amp; Delhi sought to appease Moscow. A ?1/. @USER Do u even realise how much the sanctions by West have hurt. Yes it was a choice India made to go to ussr for arms cause it was being denied by the biggest supplier us, who incidently was the one arming our neighbour. Not only weapons but also technology was denied.
How the fuck has that anything to do with politics you nutjob. Not everything a politician does is related to their political life. How does the fuck does the minister for housings advisors husband being the Md of a company making millions out of the housing crisis anything to do with politics? 
Do you really want me to have to explain that to you?
Masturbated to catchphrase at Saturday dinner time. It’s good, but it’s not right.
Lol Christmas Island is like next to Indonesia, hardly next to WA. Its also the most likely point of attack for china if they want to secure the strait of Mallacca and/or invade Australia properly, which is why people are so interested in it mapping the sea floor at that particular location even if it is international waters.
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. In the US, sure. No other country in the world makes such a profit on healthcare.
???? ?? ??????? 
Wrong answers only. @USER Crypto is a emotion of next generation.
@USER  @USER Wouldn’t last a minute I the real world. He’d be run out of town. @USER  @USER ‘in’ the real world.
Ex-pat in China. The Union Jack is printed everywhere in China.
On e-bikes and cars, clothing, stationary, merch, shop logos, handbags, advertising, EVERYWHERE.
The only time I've ever seen any other flag is the Stars and Stripes on a pair of skimpy running shorts some sweating half-naked yank was wearing. I think you might be missing a big red flag there...
@USER Karlie, VB?! And I let my child talk to you! @USER ??? I am good guy, I swear!
Half of all the entertainment profits (movies, books, tv shows). That's a lot of money.
We once used coins such as Annas, paise, even half annas! and one could survive a day! 
The rupee used to be made of silver which would be a day’s salary back then, then we made rupee from copper nickel alloy, now steel! I guess we’ll either demonetise one rupee altogether or make them from aluminium before the end of this decade! > We once used coins such as Annas, paise, even half annas! and one could survive a day! 
> The rupee used to be made of silver which would be a day’s salary back then
How old are you?
Until relatively recently I think that was a laundry in Ballsbridge I believe, name changed slightly around the war I think. You can still see one of the old red brick chimneys if you walk along the doddery from Ballsbridge towards Lansdowne Road on the left in the middle of a load of newer buildings (its a protected structure). Along the doddery! Love it.
Apparently I went to the only school in the country that never served these. However:
> Turkey Twizzlers contained just 34% turkey; bulked up with water, pork fat, rusk, and coating, and loaded with additives, sweeteners, and flavourings. They were found to be made up of 21.2% fat when cooked
Mmmm, I'll give em a miss. That's all food/edible. I don't see the problem, honestly, other than overeating them would certainly be unhealthy. 
I don't get what's off-putting about mechanically separated meat, it's no different from boiling a carcass to make stock but people seem to think that the latter is wholesome and the former is disgusting. And plenty of people enjoy chicken skin and bacon fat and the rind on steak. Eating the bits that aren't meat is normal. (As an aside I don't especially like those things because of mouth-feel, but if you made a sausage out of them and it was tasty I don't see why that's somehow disgusting in princple.)
I happily eat lips-and-arseholes chippy sausages on occasion because I enjoy them and it's still food. Just unhealthy food.
@USER Looks great! @USER Thanks Violet ?
If your Twitter Crush said “Ima be in your area a couple hours away, can you come and let me take you on a date?” Not a link, a legit date. Would you go? Or no? Are you scared? @USER I would and have. Met some cool ppl in the process.
Well, the courts shouldn't be asked to do the duty of the executive. Courts can, and have, interfered when the executive does not do its duty. 
The SC has always been super strong and activist when it was the UPA in power. As it should be.
Bobde has other plans I guess.
@USER Beautiful. @USER Thanks ?
Please tell me that's photo-shopped. It's photoshopped.
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. The wage calculation test is correct if your a “wage” theft employer. Maybe it’s how they condition new workers....
I believe that the U.S government has men in black that make people "disappear" if they know more than what's good for them. r/missing411.
Where is BETI PARHAO BETI BACHAO  @USER ?
Gujarat ranking very poor  in girl child education
Only 10%  girls in Gujarat complete graduation
20% per cent of girls don't reach class 10.
Gujarat  at the bottom in education of girls in the age group 10-14 years. @USER  @USER Educate citizens instead of educating prime minister.  PARCIPATE &amp; bring change you wish to see. Don't seek Ministerial berth alone.
Good stuff lads. With progress like this, we’ll have Leitrim gone in no time. Can confirm Fermanagh has been added to the list.
Blood On The Tracks is a great music podcast
The Parapod is releasing new episodes and is one of the funniest podcasts I've ever listened to. Only about 30 episodes but it's gold
(Berkhamsted) Revisited has a big back catalogue and is basically two early 30 something women reading their teenage diaries/emails/facebook messages etc and reminiscing about the early part of this century. Far more interesting than it has any right to be and full of nostalgia. Oh aye I mind hearing about the revisited one before, I'll have to give it a lash.
@USER Hello, if anyone reading this would be willing to talk to us, we're working on another story about renting for next week and keen to feature your experience: eredman@theage.com.au. @USER  @USER I looked up the Greens policy on their website the other day and it’s significantly better that the one liner about rent freezes they keep spouting. I don’t get why they are going with that line when they have a good policy. @AdamBandt’s thing about reaching for the stars &amp; all.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ✋?
@USER  @USER 7464094674 plz phone pay number fever and money. @USER  @USER Plz brothers.
@USER And sugar in the tiniest sachets ever...have to open 3 just to get a teaspoon...totally wasteful. @USER  @USER Agree there. Sonetimes I have to use 4.
@USER Absolutely scandalous pricing and can't believe they even charge postage! @USER £5 delivery for standard shipping and a week delivery time ?‍?
Can anyone confirm Fabian Francis had a car purchased for him by Port an MG (Sponsor) 3-6 months ago to get him to convince Jason to leave? @USER  @USER Yo mate.
Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort Theme. A man of culture.
एवढया वर्षे झाले ट्विटर वापरते पण like ला चार वेळा प्रेस केल्यावर स्क्रिनशॉट निघतो हे आज समजले ?‍♀️?‍♀️. @USER Ho ka.
It looks like you just need the Student leap card itself - and not buy Leap card credit.  
I would appeal the fine after getting a Student Leap card. You seem to be doing everything and just some bureaucracy BS caught you out. That Luas / bus didn't lose out on any money at all since you paid for everything, just not this one specific card that they needed. This sounds like the best option,  I just really don't want to get a leap card. I graduate in may, and due to injuries I can't work atm or cycle to college. I'm on a pretty tight budget, and will likely have to pay this €45, making the budget tighter. €10 for a leap card is just a lot of money for me right now when it seems so pointless. I think I may have to just suck it up.
When intelligent people read, they ask themselves a simple question: What do I plan to do with this information? @USER I've read this tweet and now plan to reply with a witty riposte.
@USER Ahh cmon fam why you gotta do us dirty like that ?? @USER  @USER Where is SS these days?
How many years ago was 1951. Yeah that would be NICE to know.
Oh my god ... i never thought i would use the F word to describe the fascination my hindu brothers have for Gau mutra ....
My heart is beating out of my chest, my eyes clouded by pouring sweat,  my hand trembles as I type this ..... IT IS JUST A FILTHY  FFFF EEE TTT IIIIII SSSSS HHH .... there i said it .... Daymmm.
www.gradireland.com
www.jobs.ie. Great, thank you!
Peak TV ratings during Queen's funeral
BBC1: 19.5m
BBC2: 2m
ITV: 5.3m 
Sky News: 934,000
BBC News channel: 831,000

Combined peak of around 28.5m viewers on main channels, final figure will be a bit higher. Excludes streaming.

Massive audience but smaller than Euro 2020 final. @USER Also the euro final was only on 2 channels so not really a fair comparison but still it had more!
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious. @USER I concur, verbosity doesn’t equate with lucidity, it’s just insufferable pomposity and sententiousness.
Avoid zero days, do something that helps you move forward at least once a day. It can be as simple as doing laundry, cooking, cleaning. Whatever, do at least one thing once a day that helps you. 
Exercise 
Read- someone smarter than you figured out what you’re trying to figure it out and odds are they wrote it down.
I got this advice from another reddit post, really helped me. For me it's quite the opposite, I have to throw in some zero days where I can just relax and regain some energy (both for my mind as well as getting some physical rest).
Instead of saying people who do bad things are not real hindus, real muslims, etc. acknowledge that there are bad people in every religion. True. People who spread hate and violence are dickheads irrespective of their religions.
It's official now!! I am absolutely delighted to announce that I will join  @USER as an Assistant Professor under the Ad Astra fellows program, starting September 2022. This is the start of a new and very special chapter, a dream that comes true! (1/3). @USER  @USER Great news. Congratulations!
Cheating on your barber is much worse. They know you’ve done the dirty. Say you were attacked by Edward scissorhands.
Locking money down just in time before the next recession... ahhj yeah! It is incredibly authoritarian/Orwellian. 
I am equally dumbfounded that the Liberal government would consider such a bill and that the Labor party would agreed to support the governments bill when it appears such an obvious move to vote it down with the cross bench. You would think that "the liberals coming for your savings account" would have more of an impact on supporters than this "sports rort" saga.
These bitches call me Jeffery the way I be dominant ? @USER Wilding !
UP is so fucked if corona breaks out. It's already fucked.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nice one Eddie. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ah thanks Mary, was a lovely evening &amp; great to see the Igbo community take the lead in organising the event to celebrate the diversity &amp; cultures living in Waterford.
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER Happy Birthday , what a wonderful family ❤️❤️❤️.
The government needs to urgently put out an ad campaign on how to cover your coughs and needs to make it clear that it’s antisocial behaviour. Every time I go out 99% of people cough into the open air. I’m just amazed at the ignorance of people. They probably don’t wash their hands either. Can confirm. I'm in Perth and I swear whenever I'm in a public bathroom half the people walk straight out without washing their hands.
Sign the Paris Agreement. Weren’t we apart of that then quit?
no one looks good in traditionals lets just say it together... Mai yeh sounch kar tweet kiya koi traditional Dress batate ga?
I've said this many times on the pod, but losing Sasha Banks is losing someone who can legitimately be a crossover star. Big fail on WWE for that. @USER She's close with snoop can aew afford her.
I went to The Hub by Premier Inn. The room was underground and about the size of two coffins. You even had to make your own bed. >You even had to make your own bed.
The horror.  Did you have to dress yourself as well?
Do you think Saudi Arabia is our ally?

YES or NO? @USER No.
I want to post a cute thirst trap but I’m in so much pain from these damn TEETH. @USER Tooth, Root, and mouth pain.
Pakistan just helped with a peace deal in Afghanistan. India is ripping its own people apart with hate. That's a bad example. Pakistan helped the Taliban in Afghanistan and helped in ripping the country apart.
You'd be an absolute legend if you get everyone 2 weeks off. They'll make it up at Easter.
Has it been any good this series I gave up when capaldi kept wearing sunglasses. It's been better  than it has for a while in my opinion.
Liz Truss says the chances of blackouts this winter are very slim &amp; there's nothing to worry about.

Buy candles, buy a fuck load of candles. @USER Does Matt Hancock's sister own a candle factory?
@USER i like iced. @USER W or.w out sugar ,?
जिस दिन अपन 3 Million फॉलोअर हो गए उस दिन 3 लोगों का रोजगार तय

एक आदमी, जरूरी मैसेज पर त्वरित उत्तर देगा, जरूरी एक्शन लेगा, ट्वीट-फोन से विभाग को भेजेगा

दूसरा आदमी, FB की सेवा में

तीसरा आदमी, आम लोगों के ट्वीट स्कैन करेगा, पता लगाएगा कि आज के अहम मुद्दे क्या है जिस पर बात हो. @USER हमको भी मौका दीजिए.
@USER Fandabidozy well done??? @USER Thanks so much. ❤️❤️??
I have said this many times before, and here it is again...
Greggs is the Wetherspoons of bakeries: never your first choice, but good enough if nothing else is available. Most sensible comment here. I avoid it because my work suit looks silly in a queue of tracksuits, onesies and pyjamas same way I avoid Wetherspoons because the owner is a total cunt BUT if I need to pick up some vegan sausage rolls for the wife it's the only place to go. Wetherspoons has nothing to offer me.
Tonight’s #qanda another example of media fixation with Stage 3. Wall to wall on ABC, NineFax, with every journo caught in the vortex. 
Greens, LNP both politically aligned together in wanting sole media focus on this &amp; block new Govt from oxygen on multiple other issues. @USER It's because it's catastrophically bad policy that needs to be stopped.
@USER Gm my sweet friend happy Thursday to u. Hope u have a amazing day and keep safe and warm. Enjoy your coffee and breakfast . Gd luck to ur tribe tonight. Big hugs ☕️☕️???????? @USER Good morning to you my sweet friend! Lots of rain here. Have a great Thursday and thank you on my Tribe! Big hugs ??⚾️☕️☕️???⚾️.
You are a gift that will help fulfill a special purpose and fill someone's heart and life... God will bring it together - Trust Him! @USER Hallelujah Amen ? ? ?
I'm still washing my hands. Besides I know I won't get it. > I'm still washing my hands.
For now. People had apparently already bought ALL stock of soap bar / liquid hand soap etc. products when I went to do my usual grocery shop locally yesterday.  Eejits panic buying and hoarding a year's supply of soap, or just a lot more people who just started, you know, washing, or I suppose a combo of the two...
Soap making, even from a "you're in a forest and it's the stone age" level, is actually pretty easy of course, but very labor-intensive compared to going to a shop and buying it, sigh...
All the Paddington Bear gifts and marmalade sandwiches the Queen received reminds me of the time I said that the snow baby ornaments where kind of cute to my mum, then she told everyone and for the next fuck ton of years every fecker bought me snow baby ornaments. @USER Same, I started drawing a ? when signing cards etc, who new so many things are made in the form of snails!!
Knew someone who worked in a bank, their hands would get black with dirt after handling money. Physical money is fully gross.
@USER  @USER I just saw them in MN and they didn't play it :(. @USER  @USER They came to Chicago around Christmas last year and rocked a small venue with it. I just wanna hear it again! How was the show in Minnesota?
@USER Wonder what he meant by "Hindu movements"? @USER  @USER In his world view, there'd have been Hindu, Christian Islamic movements I guess.
Pretty telling of the evil of the USSR... Yeah, obviously you get the guns first, then you shoot the Bishops.
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. Surprises me that Hugo Boss would have an issue. I could see Suntory having a problem with them using the name.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Meat,chips, bread and beer....
Jimmy neutron an donkey Kong have the same haircut. Why would you say that with no context?
RSS is meeting Muslims, Mohan Bhagwat is praising Ambedkar, wants more social corrective action to reduce casteism, for the first time RSS invites a woman chief guest on their Dussera event. 

All this in one month, since the massive success of #BharatJodoYatra 

 @USER ?? @USER  @USER so you were a congi all along .... what unethical b@$&amp;@#d!!...
Human activity causes pollution shocker. China still denies they cause pollution all the same.
@USER Always down , never up ? I wonder what happens down there. @USER Actually I heard it go up about half an hour earlier but I was on my mat in the middle of an online Pilates class so didn't look!
What about this one?  URL. It's not very typical but the sky fell down..
Thanks to a generous benefactor, I will be at the Bills/Steelers game. I hope I can meet some of you tweeps in person. I am so excited that I lost my voice. I am very grateful. Waited for Victory Tuesday am on cloud nine and can’t wait to attend my first home game in years! @USER I am Jealous of you! At the same time Happy for you! 
A fav please? Hold up a sign that says:
"Doin'The Pee-Pee Dance"
for "TheDr!" Please!!!
Go Bills Baby!!!
Indians giving random foreigners undue importance since 1800s... Saar, he's saying something I agree with so upvotes to the left.
Bisexual. Not gay. There is a difference. Don't be part of the bisexual erasure. Thanks. Erasure?
@USER Can't say no ?? @USER ?You know me very well.
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. Excuse my French but that’s fucked you went straight into the work for the dole phase. When I was last on Centrelink I was told it was 6 on 6 odd, but you start in the 6 off phase. 
Seeing this makes me wanna hang onto this job tighter. No way I could deal with their bullshit again.
What are you a feminist? Ha classic feminist. Wanting to torture all cocks and balls.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu कहते हैं शरीर की मृत्यु यह तुम्हारी मृत्यु नहीं, शरीर के जाते हुए भी तुम इतने के इतने ही पूर्ण हो । #Bapuji #AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
@USER That's shocking. @USER At least it’s free of charge.
@USER Don't seems soo! @USER ??? I just have a little bit of crazy.
.....who the fk orders drugs....... I mean I get Dexamphetamine delivered to my house by chemist warehouse but that's only because I forget to go in and they have my scripts anyway.
Doesn't matter and it shouldn't matter, "loving" someone for money isn't actual love. Agreed. Just worried it may cause one to overlook someone or go with another option. If that makes sense.
Saturday night ka mera 'sneak in the garden and light up a joint' routine badiya baith gaya hai. Kal mast joint fooka gaane sunte sunte and moon ko dekha and uske baad some geopolitics ke videos. Man, I love saturday nights. That's something even the girl I am currently with does. But instead of watching geopolitics she sleeps on my shoulder in which she murmurs god knows what.
I literally passed a cafe an hour ago with himself sat in the window with other people and he looked stressed to fuck. I'm sure he's not worried about his staff members who he laid off. Click farms are nonsensical. If any account or post has a high number of likes or followers I'm always wondering how many actual real people liked it or followed it and how many bots did the same.
URL. Oh. It’s not about the harness. They’re just selling the t shirt. Thought it was odd.
read the article!  This place smashed out 80000 cups a year. Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year! This is a good investment. >Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year
Uh... $20 profit per cup?
I'll have tap water thanks.
PC. Oh so you wanna go there.
Tell Iran to stop aiding the Houthis in Yemen. They've created a travesty with the world's worse humanitarian crisis! Oh shut the fuck up. Shiites have been persecuted by Sunnis all over the place. Turn your ire on the Arab states bombing the shit out of Yemen.  
Lest you forget, ISIS main enemies were the Shia and Alewites in Iraq and Syria.
Change the law. Legislators legistlate - the joys of democracy. Rent controls are common in EU countries - let's do it - for a while anyway to see how people like it. We don’t have to see if the people “like” it, we can already see the effect of it in other countries, and pretty much every single economist agrees that any form of rent control is very bad and has a serious negative impact on housing.
That's technically illegal, I think? You're signing a legal document under false pretences.
EDIT: I'm not sure if I was right here, but you can't change it for frivolous purposes anyway:   URL. You don’t even need to legally change your name by deed poll. You can change your name and start using it. But if you want a passport etc you need to change it by deed poll.
Ben Mendelsohn just quietly sitting on my train this morning and no one else recognises him, the man has played the most iconic scumbags, done Star Wars and Marvel, and just travels as a civilian in Melbourne. @USER Lawrence Fishburne was staying in same hotel in Sydney and helped me with my crossword in the hotel bar. I had no idea who he was &amp; asked what he was doing in Aus. He said filming a movie. It was the Matrix. (My friend was in it too, she played the woman in red dress) nice guy.
Mint chocolate chip. hell yeah.
Is it just me or is being raised in a big city (Mumbai in my case) really different from being raised in a small town?
The aspirations and priorities of kids in the 2 aforementioned categories of places are so radically different. Elaborate.
How does a truck get blown over but the car doesn't?
Hope the truck driver is alright though. The truck has a higher centre of gravity making it less stable.
This Saturday is the Brain Tumour Research Walk of Hope, it falls exactly 2 years to the day since we lost  @USER on 24th September 2020, to this terrible disease. I can't believe it will be 2 years. It feels like a life time ago &amp; yesterday at the same time. I'm not setting up my own justgiving page, I'm just going to join in the walk, walk in Gail's memory &amp; ask all you amazing people who have been so supportive to me over these last couple of years that if you'd like to make a donation, then please donate to Elspeths page.
When you're looking at team sheets, which section to you look at first?

I don't look at the team sheet in order. 

I always go front row.

Then backrow.

Then locks.

Then centres.

Then the rest. @USER I always look at the front row first then locks, then the 7, 9, 10 and 15, before saying a silent prayer ??
Poundland (if I had 20 pounds not dollars). That must be the UK version of our Dollar stores haha. Never even considered that.
Liberal side don't like to talk about this (I'm a liberal too) but it is a fact that Indian muslims have changed a LOT in the last 25 years. Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
I lived in Lucknow when I was young. That was a very liberal muslim city. You'd never even see a burqa in Hazratganj. Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
Among my muslim friends from back then, there is a shift within their families as well. My friends (all 30 year olds) are mostly irreligious. But their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar". > Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
> Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
> their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar"
Do you have any sources for these?
@USER Rigobert Song is Alex Song's uncle. @USER True that.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER No in the slightest.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Melbourne summer 2019-20 climate summary
"Both daytime and night-time temperatures were generally close to average at all reporting sites in Greater Melbourne" 
According to the above, temperatures were around normal and rainfall was above average. Maybe you are already used to above average summers from the past few years, so a summer in line with the historical average feels cold to you? Or the increased rain made you perceive the temperature as being cool due to less sunlight?
Guy in a car deliberately run over a cyclist because the driver was in a rush. cyclist deliberately running red lights because rules don’t apply to them.
A simpler theory is that the PM is going for a digital detox. r/NoSurf.
Just started watching Dr. John Campbell’s videos on YouTube, he’s a no bs approach to this ordeal and just telling the facts as we know so far. Just put out a video of global isolation and containment where he spoke about a paper in The Lancet. How to best control the outbreak by isolation of cases and isolation of the contacts of said cases. The R0 of Covid-19 is 2.6, meaning for every case, that person will infect 2.6 and so and so forth. 
So basically the paper is saying the only way to contain this is to slow the process as much as possible and completely isolate cases and contacts. Imo we’ve already fucked it with the way we’ve handled our first case. In a small country like ours it should be easier to contain but if not acted upon properly it can spread faster. I think we are gonna be at Italy levels in the coming weeks.
I’m not trying to fear monger because the majority of us should be fine but it’s so frustrating to see it not taken seriously by people. Look at Vietnam and how they have handled it, looks like they have stamped it out fast and actually took serious measures to stop it spreading from the get go. They are testing and they are isolating just not publicly announcing this.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER Entertaining house guests! I feel glad when people have gone and I can get back to just doing my own thing.
2? 2 what? 2 speed? 2 I don't suppose 200% was an option on that one. There's a decimal point there if you squint real hard. 0's are overrated.
Soothing, calm voice. Get them to roll their eyes if you can. So touch their eyes and force them to roll, got it.
Sorry if awkward, but does anyone else here masturbate to their classmates ? Yeah homie people jerk off watching dead cats, classmates are just normal for them.
You'd be an absolute legend if you get everyone 2 weeks off. They'll make it up at Easter.
Guy tries to call police on himself. 

Young gent P1 comes to the door. Regular knows we search. Hands over his wallet, boom bag of cocaine . 

B1 “Sorry mate that’s getting destroyed, and you’re not coming in, however you’ve not caused issues before so come back next week and all is forgiven” 
Sounds fair right? 
P1 “ok I’ll go, can I have that back?”
B2 “err no mate”
P1 “ why not?”
B1 “because we’re not drug dealers! Of course you can’t have it back we’re all under cctv and this will be destroyed under camera too”
P1 “ I don’t believe you’ll destroy it!”
(Note: Many people seem to think bouncers either all take or sell gear, it’s not true and even if one of us wanted drugs we’re not gonna trust something that you could have got anywhere and done anything to)
B1 “it’s not my job to convince you of anything mate, been nice, been fair now please listen to your GF and go home”
P1 “ I’m gonna call the police and tell them you’re in possession of drugs”
B2 and B3 laughing I take the lad away from door to chat more discreetly. 
B1” look mate I know your annoyed but you’re saying you’re gonna call the police to tell them we’re in possession of drugs? That we took from you!
P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up. > P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up.
that's crazy, in the US they'd come and arrest him put him in jail, thousand dollar fine maybe 6 months in jail and 5 years probation for a wad of coke. Weed not so much.
Have you ever smoked pot?

Be honest. @USER Yes yes yes.
9/11. Sorry US brothers, but your government (like any other) is willing to sacrifice thousands of civilian lives to keep the war economy going. So did they do it or just let their guard down so it would happen?
Ironic how the European is the diseased immigrant when they complain so much about diseased Asians destroying their society. Oh please stop that kind of talk. Xenophobes exist everywhere in the world. You don't need to stoop to their level when calling out their xenophobia and bigotry.
in your defence they’ve also highlighted a bunch of islands that are not great britain. just a bit of a mess of a graphics job. At least they didn't include the Isle of Man.
@USER No longer buses due to disposable drapes. @USER Sorry used not buses !
Well not surprising seeing as we pretty much gave up trying to stop it after the initial travel ban from China. It will come in from everywhere not just China. The latest cases in Australia are from people coming from Iran and you would expect from Italy as well.
So no it's not surprising unless everyone was banned from traveling to Australia or coming home....
It's inevitable.
@USER  @USER But will Bill Bailey rock this same show in the snow though? ? @USER  @USER Yes but with harder nipples.
@USER  @USER Ye farrey word maine bhi pehli baar suna tha khushi se??? @USER  @USER Same here ? Many other desi words too like ramanchi , paala (side) etc.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Paper Irish*.
@USER Absolutely scandalous pricing and can't believe they even charge postage! @USER £5 delivery for standard shipping and a week delivery time ?‍?
They come out with these articles every few days, boomers still bitch how they had it harder. Politicians do nothing and we await the next article to tell us this again. Depressing, but this is what Australia votes for and they will do it again next election, its the "fuck you, got mine" mentality of the old. The News Corp article is a bit rubbish. I'm going to plug this video from the Royal Institute on the topic of young people getting screwed, especially on housing, and how much harder they have it.
Because the last generation was Gen. Z and there’s no where to go past that, so we gotta start from the beginning. but we should have just named the first generation "Alpha" instead of doing it now.
@USER ଅନେକ ଅଭିନନ୍ଦନ ଭାଇ ??? @USER ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ ଭାଇ??
I'm a 4 and I get dog's abuse for it. 4 is the perfect cup. Any stronger and you might as well not have milk and any weaker and you might as well not have tea.
I think we all have a pretty good understanding of what the driver is like. Stereotyping is as racist as they come. 
Oh but you’ll get points because it’s anti British racism.
What's the container you've got it in? Nice find, btw. It's my head torch but it looks awesome with the lighting.
David Miscavige, the chairman of the Church of Scientology definitely murdered his wife and is getting off scott free for it. Him and his wife got into a pretty heated argument in 2007, and she hasn’t been seen since. Lawyers hired by David claim she is still alive and devotes 100% of her time to work at the church of scientology, which is why she hasn’t been seen since August 2007. In 2013, a former member of the church had filed a missing person report that was closed after a few officers had “spoken and seen Mrs.Miscavige”, even though there’s no evidence whatsoever of this meeting. All missing person’s reports now are turned down since this investigation is forever closed. The church of scientology is screwy anyway, I wouldnt doubt it.
@USER Jalandhar ajo. @USER Jrur bhaine... Dso kdo ayie?
I have COVID, I live alone and I am very sad. Please send pictures of your dogs. @USER So sorry, its horrible. Get yourself onto  @USER and binge feel good programme's like #DerryGirls #WorkinMoms Feel better soon.
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. WAR SESS TER SHY ERRRRRRR.
It's the flu.  A higher percentage of old and sick people might die than the regular flu.  But not that much higher. 
Everyone is freaking out. 
I don't get the obsession with toilet paper though. >old and sick people
Boomervirus.
@USER Coming from dudes that have never put as much heart and sole into their passions to pursue something a very small percentage of people accomplish. Keep grinding and doing you! F the haters! @USER Soul*.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER हां जी आज देश में यही चल रहा है संत महात्माओं को जेल में बंद कर रहे हैं और बॉलीवुड अभिनेताओं को बेल मिल रही है कानून पक्षपाती हो गया है कानून अपना काम नहीं कर रहा है.
Coronavirus: Dublin school to close for two weeks as student has Covid-19
Closure ordered after student identified as first case in Republic
A scientist works at a laboratory in Israel trying  to produce a vaccine against  Covid-19. Photograph:  Jalaa Marey/AFP/Getty
Paul Cullen Health Editor
Updated: 2 minutes ago
A Dublin school with 400 pupils is to close for two weeks after one of its students was confirmed as having the coronavirus.
The teenager, who is the first person in the Republic to test positive for the virus, became ill in recent days after returning from Italy and is in isolation in Dublin hospital.
Public health officials have ordered the closure of the school in order to minimise the risk of person-to-person transmission of the disease.
The decision was announced by the National Public Health Emergency Team on Sunday evening.
The team announced the first confirmed case of the virus in the Republic of Ireland on Saturday night. Another case was confirmed in a patient in Northern Ireland earlier this week. That woman had also travelled from Italy and passed through Dublin airport. The Dublin-Belfast train was later sanitised as a precautionary measure as it was believed the woman travelled home on it.
Low risk
It is understood the risk to other pupils in the Dublin school is considered low but the closure has been ordered on a precautionary basis. Students are being told to self-isolate at home and to indicate if they start showing any symptoms.
Public health officials plan to maintain daily contact with the students by phone, and will ask them to indicate by text whether they are showing symptoms.
hospital as officials trace contacts
Parents were being informed of the closure on Sunday evening and a helpline for affected people is being set up.
There is no justification for any other schools closing due to concerns over Covit-19, public health officials have advised. No new cases have been confirmed in Ireland today.
The Department of Health released the following statement on Sunday evening:
“Contact Tracing of the confirmed Covid-19 case, in the East of Ireland, has identified and made contact with a secondary school. The principal, staff and parents of pupils of this school have been notified. Following risk assessment, all pupils and teachers are being treated as close contacts of the confirmed case.
The school will close for the duration of the incubation period, which is 14 days.
All pupils and teachers are being asked to restrict their movements until the end of the incubation period and will receive guidance on the meaning of ‘restricted movements’.
Public health doctors will actively follow-up with all students and teachers on a daily basis over the coming 14 days.
Dr Tony Holohan, Chief Medical Officer with the Department of Health, said: “Contact tracing has assessed that close contacts of this patient includes pupils and teachers of a secondary school. Public health doctors are in direct contact with pupils, their parents and the staff involved.
“Patient confidentiality in this case, and in all cases, should be respected. The Department of Health will provide updated information as necessary.”
The Department of Education said: “The Department of Education is available to assist the school in any way necessary. The Departments of Education and Health are in regular contact. The closing of this school was a decision made on public health grounds after risk assessment deemed it appropriate. All other schools will remain open. The Departments will continue to communicate with all schools on this issue.”
Covid-19 is spread through close contact with an infected person’s body fluids (e.g. droplets from coughing or sneezing), or by touching surfaces that an infected person has coughed or sneezed on.
The general public is advised to follow advice from the HSE and the Health Protection Surveillance Centre to protect their health. What’s with all the students traveling to Italy during February. Was the school in Maynooth had a load of students over there as well.
We have someone who whenever their car moves uphill (our entire neighbourhood is on a series of huge hills), it lets out an incredibly loud and constant screech. Been like that for months now. Fuck knows what’s wrong with their car but I wish they would fix it at least out of courtesy for the neighbours. We have one of those boy racers with a big exhaust on his car and everytime he passes our house it sounds like someone is knocking on the door.
it's disgusting. I've been trying to get dettol and Epson salts for my dogs infected foot for 2days now. I've been to around 10shops so far and everyone just laughs when you ask about having it in stock  
wtf are people doing with so much Epson salts! Cutting ice.
Former supporter, last night: “Joe, you’re a Democrat. Just admit it.”

Me: “I’m not a Democrat.”

Him: “U support Democrats. So u support their policy agenda.”

Me: “I oppose most of their agenda. But this isn’t about policy. It’s about our democracy.”

Him: “You’re a Democrat.”. @USER Is it Friday?
Just google it? qbasic.net. Thanks mate.
@USER Sexi. @USER ???
Who wants another Badscandal Glen power release? @USER Yesssssss ?
Labor shouldn’t be debating whether to ‘tweak’ Clive Palmer’s tax cut from $9,000 to $8,000.

‘Tweaking’ Stage 3 cuts is not the answer.

Scrap the Stage 3 tax cuts for politicians &amp; billionaires &amp; spend the $ on dental into Medicare, free childcare &amp; affordable housing instead. @USER Scrap you and your party.
Those worries are superseded by worries of your own death. The older you get the less your own death should scare you. You worry about other people more than yourself eventually. I'd rather outlive everyone in my life if it will cause them less pain.
Getting lots of questions from users saying I have 5G phone but in network settings not showing 5G options.

Don't worry smartphone OEM need to push out a small network OTA update, checked with few brands some already started rolling other said update roll out by next week. @USER Thank you for clarifying. But surprisingly pixel 6 too not showing 5G?
Does he wink the wrong way or is it just me? It's a freemason sex wink.
@USER The butch lesbian who you have replaced. You are also claiming that a drag queen was a trans woman, which is transphobic. @USER  @USER ?? a fart accusing a gay man of transphobia.
Wonders will never cease.
RIP my neighbour who told his wife he was popping out to get some sewing thread but got distracted and went to the pub instead. Gone but not for cotton. #dadjokes. @USER @ChrisDuley7.
@USER Good morning 
   Forgetfulness ?☕️
Have a lovely Thursday ?? @USER Thank you Gary.?
I was a shitty lil kid... Always felt sad and alone...
And now as an adult... I realize that those days were still better ...
Even if I didn't play any video games or much sports... I used to have a really amazing sleep... Those school cancellation days... Those school days... 
I used to laugh at people when they used to play - Ye Kagaz ki Kashti and start sobbing... Now I myself couldn't go through that whole song without jerking a tear
Fuck man. 
I wish I can tell every kid that don't compare your bachpan to others because in the end, it doesn't matter... Bachpan never comes back... Live it... Fuck. You will cherish this randi rona one day too.
The cynic in me decided to take a peak at Adverts/Donedeal earlier to see if Irish folks were buying up masks/hand sanitiser for profiteering from a public health crisis. 
Price gouging confirmed. Dickheads be dickheads I suppose. Fuck all those people... I work in a pharmacy. We sold out of masks nearly a month ago and out of hand sanitiser last week. People have thrown a freaker every bloody day over it. 
We got extra hand sanitiser in and it's the stuff no one ever buys because it's like €15 cost price. It still sold. People will pay anything.
Putin bragging about modern nuclear weapons whilst sat in front on 1970s phones. Knob! #skynews #RussiaInvadedUkraine #Putin. @USER They looked like the ones in the Stasi museum in Berlin.
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER Consider me gone….
Has no one mentioned Epstein? It’s like the one conspiracy theory I can think of that is probably thought to be true by the majority of all normal people
Edit: thank you all of reddit for telling me that I missed the previous comments like mine. Its not even a theory anymore, its basically accepted as fact by anyone who has at least two brain cells and no vested interest in defending him.
@USER Convince a patient with “weakness” not to get intravenous fluids with pink or yellow extra energy supplement injection ?‍??‍? @USER  @USER Convincing  elderly patients to go for oral analgesics rather than injectables at rural health centers.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations Anne. ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Alanna it’s wonderful.
@USER Top tune. You going to Moondance on Saturday? @USER Unfortunately not, you going?
@USER Is the track wet Ian? @USER Wet? Almost flooded in some parts of the track. Ian.
@USER Happy Thursday ❤️. @USER Good morning Dale.?
The world is ending 
Change my mind. Sounds too good to be true.
@USER the song or the place? @USER Song.
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER I was lucky enough to not watch OZARK until this year so I got it pretty much all at once. It took me two months. Two wonderful months. I loved every character and their “badness”.
@USER The splendour walk of shame .. not sure what old man Balenciaga would have thought of this but they’ve embraced street wear big time, so big my youngest son knows the name ? @USER ??
He lost the popular vote, he was only elected by 60m votes in a country with 320m people. So he got less than 20% of the "people" to vote for him. Luckily the electoral system is shit so he won. This is a very misleading comment. Trump got 63m votes, but Hillary only got 65m votes. On top of that, not all 320m are eligible for voting, because a large percentage are under 18, non-naturalized  immigrants, or felons.
What are you currently learning? ?‍??‍? @USER Javascript.
Am I the only one not freaking out about this virus? Sure, I might take more care to wash my hands but I don’t feel the need to go out buying masks, antibacterial wipes or Dettol just yet. I'm not freaked about the virus at all, I'm more concerned about the fact that people are panic buying and everywhere is sold out of all things antibacterial.
Is this a British thing exclusively?
I thought I was ok with 30+ items, there's plenty of self checkouts and rarely a line. 
The lack of lines probably makes it ok. A basket is the max at a self service checkout. We’re not talking about those full sized self service ones with a conveyor belt though, they’re literally meant for trolleys.
Good morning world, enjoy your Saturday ? @USER On my way to Australia so I can watch the eagles game lol..
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER A$$ hole.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Beautiful. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER That's actually more important than being beautiful.. A biodiversity indicator, as none saw it till now in my area.
@USER Rigobert Song is Alex Song's uncle. @USER True that.
You can smell the desperation. You can smell the Lynx Africa.
Watching Chernobyl for the first time. @USER The series?   It’s incredible.
@USER  @USER Congratulations. I’m happy for you! Not only because you are free from that situation but because of the strength that you have gained. The person that you have become. Our experiences and decisions can make us or break us. Congratulations on refusing to be broken! ?????? @USER  @USER I really appreciate that. And I love that quote. “On refusing to be broken”.
@USER  @USER 7464094674 plz phone pay number fever and money. @USER  @USER Plz brothers.
What course is this? Applied Psychology and Social Studies.
Guy tries to call police on himself. 

Young gent P1 comes to the door. Regular knows we search. Hands over his wallet, boom bag of cocaine . 

B1 “Sorry mate that’s getting destroyed, and you’re not coming in, however you’ve not caused issues before so come back next week and all is forgiven” 
Sounds fair right? 
P1 “ok I’ll go, can I have that back?”
B2 “err no mate”
P1 “ why not?”
B1 “because we’re not drug dealers! Of course you can’t have it back we’re all under cctv and this will be destroyed under camera too”
P1 “ I don’t believe you’ll destroy it!”
(Note: Many people seem to think bouncers either all take or sell gear, it’s not true and even if one of us wanted drugs we’re not gonna trust something that you could have got anywhere and done anything to)
B1 “it’s not my job to convince you of anything mate, been nice, been fair now please listen to your GF and go home”
P1 “ I’m gonna call the police and tell them you’re in possession of drugs”
B2 and B3 laughing I take the lad away from door to chat more discreetly. 
B1” look mate I know your annoyed but you’re saying you’re gonna call the police to tell them we’re in possession of drugs? That we took from you!
P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up. why not give it back to him, it's his property? It's like being in school and the teacher takes away the stuff.
What SONG did YOU listen to TODAY? @USER REM what's the Frequency, Kenneth ?
juicewrlds death, the lyrics from legends “we ain’t making it past 21”, the juicewrld challenge where people would have seizures and he died from such, there’s others im forgetting. There is also the fact that he said that he wanned to disepear when he will be rich 
But i can belive artist can fake their death, they know how sad their fan are gonna be if they disepear, just like with juice wrld
Rip.
@USER Virtue’s of lies. @USER Not lies.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER is there anything any of you could do to raise the issue of a seriously delayed child renewal ; holiday booked since 2019 &amp; fly 2/7 and no urgent slots available at midnight on any night ! We can't be the only ones. After 2 months,1 week &amp; 3 days our child renewal has gone to print @PassportIRL.???? We had finally secured an urgent appointment (after a full day of clicking refresh)for this afternoon . Typical. Thanks to customer service for your help. Now to wait for the post. Thankful.
We know it's tough for Musicians! You simply don't get paid enough for the art you make.

If it was up to you. How would you modify the music industry? @USER  @USER Make streams pay properly.
Every time I come to Alice Springs and visit First Nations townships &amp; remote communities I’m given most important reminder of how colonisation &amp; systemic oppression &amp; disenfranchisement of First Nations peoples remains pervasive. Truly our national shame and a stain on us all. @USER Best you had home to Greece with your family then,  hand your house back if you feel so strongly.
Trump conspired with the Clintons and ran the worst imaginable campaign in order to make Hilary more palatable and get her elected. It backfired miserably because they underestimated the number of racist idiots in this country. I think it has more to do with the rust belt and how they were tired of outsourcing deals signed by Presidents. Ironically, the Donald is singing the USMCA.
Claims the US/West denied defense equipment to India seem unfair &amp; incomplete. All parties made choices. Price &amp; tech leakage were factors, as were political strategies. The USSR sought to foil Indian diversification to keep it on the hook &amp; Delhi sought to appease Moscow. A ?1/. @USER Do u even realise how much the sanctions by West have hurt. Yes it was a choice India made to go to ussr for arms cause it was being denied by the biggest supplier us, who incidently was the one arming our neighbour. Not only weapons but also technology was denied.
As usual they're very informative. Stay away from the east of Ireland people. Is it the east of the Shannon, east of Kildare,  what are we gaging this on lads?
Hardly slept because of my dickhead neighbours. Half tempted to go bang on the door and wake them up in return.
Swimming today with little one. Then I will probably need a nap later on. Neighbours came back at 1.30am loud as hell. I banged on the wall and shouted SHUT THE FUCK UP in the middle of my sleep... they went quiet for the rest of the night but the exhilaration kept me up for hours.
You can never go wrong with more shitter paper. You'll miss that when you run out. I bought 10-11 packs of 24 roll sorbent about a year ago and store it in the garage. Time to buy some more. As a wise man once said "Never buy just 1 roll.".
Mint chocolate chip. hell yeah.
This reminds me of the Guinness brewery in Dublin. Guinness (in the unlikely event that you're unaware) is an iconic irish beer whose very existence is tightly entwined with Irish culture. (Think India & chai) Turns out Arthur Guinness, the founder was a Protestant absentee slum landlord who fully supported the British occupation of that country, dutifully paid taxes to Westminster and supported the suppression & eradication of the native culture.. Damm, never knew this.
But conflict between unionist and nationalists is not like anything we see in subcontinent.
Even with religious differences, Europeans helped each other like saxony being protestant helped catholic Habsburg who slaughtered protestants.
@USER  @USER Is she related to Dorries? @USER  @USER  @USER Dorris death stare..
But it does reflect the cost of borrowing? So your money goes less far if you’re buying on credit? £300/ month gets you £10 1/2k at 3% over 3 years, same repayments at 20% is £8 1/4.
I’m no car expert but I recon 20% more budget probs gets you a better car?
@USER Trump and GOP puppet master. @USER  @USER Evil desperate delusional little man.
@USER Who you talking abt me ?? @USER i would never !
Only if they care about 'your way of science'.
Even if proven wrong, there is always the 'Morarji Desai' approach. And what is that?
We will be lucky if we aren't at 20+ cases by the end of the week. Containment has worked so far, but the current sufferer was out and about for a few days while sick so will need lady luck on our side for numbers to stay down.
Hopfully further spread is limited and / or slow. Speaking of containment - this virus has been circulating in China for about 3 months or so.  China has a population of 1.38 billion.  So far, about 80,000 have contracted the virus and just under 3,000 have died.  For a country with such a massive population and lots of very densely populated cities, I'd say that's pretty good containment so far.
@USER So you DO wear bedclothes?    As for the fox walking through - no thanks, the cat is bad enough! @USER Lol. Bedclothes in the uk are a safety feature. We’d freeze to death without them! ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Bet you’re glad you can now do beer tweets ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER !  @USER nails it again.
Plague, Inc.  100% fucked. Hahhahahahah. That is just the real world rn.
Let's Follow Each Other ??? @USER Oky ?
What does this woman have anything to do with Ireland?
Stop trying to suck up to foreigners so they think we're "a great bunch of lads"
Maybe crowd fund something more worthwhile closer to home. Because she is being banned from a festival about irish culture and heritage, based on her sexual preferences. 
So yeah, it has to do with the Irish, because it's a fucking St. Patrick's Day festival, you obtuse contrarian.
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. Surprises me that Hugo Boss would have an issue. I could see Suntory having a problem with them using the name.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. My favourite for reviews is when a clearly online username the owner replies with "No Ardee959 ever stayed here! What a snake in the grass". Like of course some people use an online name?
@USER Good morning Lee. Have a good day. Take care ? @USER Hello Andy happy Thursday my friend. Good to see you have a fabulous day.???
Bruh I'm an extended auto confirmed editor on Wikipedia and I'm just staying away from all indian political articles because if any user is found to input bias into these articles, knowingly or unknowingly, they can be banned so most of the stuff that's been written would actually be by non Indian Wikipedians. Also I think that the pages are edit locked so there is no point in bhakts trying to vandalise. Back when CAA was still CAB, somebody had reversed the positions of Hindu and Muslim in the introductory paragraph in a pretty blatant and petty move (Link to fix edit). So this is good news.
Good stuff lads. With progress like this, we’ll have Leitrim gone in no time. Can confirm Fermanagh has been added to the list.
Let the events of the last two weeks banish any suggestion that Scotland isn't a vital and integral part of the United Kingdom. @USER I’d sooner banish you, you total numpty!
Can anyone confirm Fabian Francis had a car purchased for him by Port an MG (Sponsor) 3-6 months ago to get him to convince Jason to leave? @USER  @USER Yo mate.
Half of all the entertainment profits (movies, books, tv shows). That's a lot of money.
Sikhs Never remain Behind in helping ,be it Kashmiris or Muslims.
Kashmiri People outside Kashmir consider themselves safe if they are in PUNJAB.. Who told you.. Punjabis are Muslim haters too. Their religious gurus were tortured by Mughal emperor. Punjab suffered a lot during partition. They are also good at advertising themselves. He must be a good old noble man but every Sikh is not like that.
Two weekends in a row upcoming in Croke Park. What an exciting time to be a  @USER supporter! ?? @USER  @USER We'll be broke with Clare GAA this year! ?
@USER Wow, Jacob Rees-Mogg must be wetting himself with happiness. Back to those longed for Victorian era days, where the rich live in comfort and luxury. Everyone else can just f**k themselves.
Liz Truss, prime minister for the 1%. @USER  @USER And this is before they start dismantling the worker and environment protections that the EU gave folk.
@USER  @USER I (and many vegetarians) like the taste of meat, but don't want animals to be slaughtered for it ? @USER  @USER ??
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER Both.
Would it not be a great chance to actually start Making in India. A key theme of the minister’s discussions with government ag ..
Read more at:
 URL.
Lammy on LBC talking about supporting Zelensky and the oppressed Ukraine, whilst openly supporting the oppressive regime of Israel. Does anyone take the word of these charlatans seriously? @USER Zelensky has banned 11 left wing parties, some over pro-Russia bias &amp; on 17 August, Zelenskyi ratified Law 5371, which removes rights for workers at small and medium-sized companies but aimed at the World Bank-IMF asset stripping to come. Lammy, politically &amp; morally bankrupt.
Chuck them over here for a taste test. They should arrive in time for next Sunday’s roast!
Okay so how about we redefine what summer and winter means so they balance out again.
/s obviously. Out of curiosity, what does summer and winter mean to you? The headline is clickbait as summer and winter are only defined as time. These researchers just used average temps at the start of summer and winter in the 50s and 60s then measured when we hit those temps now..saying that’s when summer and winter now start; dumb. Averages don’t work in Australia. Averages only work in places where the actual temperatures are close to the average for the majority of the time. This has never been the case for Australia.
"you're going to have to look for the cat with your pants off". This needs some background information.
BETRAYAL 
That's why AAP comes out as worst in this whole issue.
Congress wants to win LS, and they didn't hide it.
BJP wants to destroy democracy and establish Brahmin Patriarchy and they are not hiding it.
~~AAP~~ Kejriwal portrayed  himself as savior and a hero, one who fights for 'AAM AADMI' and when we needed him the most he showed his true colours, hiding in his cave like a snake in complete silence, Enjoying his CM ship for next 5 years, their would be another jumla the next election comes. A true politician.
You can check my comment history, I called him hero time to time and i know many of you too. Well, let's see how it all unfolds. I am not sure what the end game of AAP is, or what they were thinking when they didn't step up for the violence or let this sedition case happen. We will know in time. As said, AAP is another political party and is no different than others. That being said, perhaps someone should clariify exactly what made them take these decisions.
@USER Looking at government money? @USER I'm not too worried about where it comes from as long as it keeps coming?
Yes. You sure? I haven't heard anything.
@USER Honestly... it makes no difference.. I have a Pixel and I don't even notice that... has no impact on usage or putting it on the table or anything... it really is not protruding much, especially with a case. @USER  @USER I concur. Don't even notice it during use. If anything, it helps with orientation of which end is up. I get new one every 2 years. Bought 6, now buying 7, trade in value of 6 is wonderful.
If I didn’t need my health insurance I would have been quit my job. @USER Hang in there sis! ?
No surprises. BJP wants power at any cost. They don't mind even if country get burned. All the electoral money at play!
Bag Of Shite Index: 

1 Alan King is a tit and not a useful one ?
2 They seek good ground here,
they seek good ground there,
those jockeys seek good ground  everywhere ?
3 Aussie Sprinters ???
4 Hurricane Lame ?
5 Alfred Munnings ? @USER 6. Wexford Hurlers.
@USER  @USER  @USER Itna to parents bhi nahi peeche padte. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Itna to na but my wife will send kids to school. Come what May. Agar administration school bund karde to shayad ladne pohanch jaye, bund kyun kiya.
Damn, I'm exhausted
What the hell's this all for?
Is this where it mends or it breaks?
Between a rock and a hard place
For the record, shit
Throwin' in the towel takes some effort
So I'd rather ride it out for better weather
Together ? @USER Good blessed morning luv.. hope you had a great evening.
Hope he does well. Dalit-Muslim-Adivasi unity only can save this country. We need OBC to realize that they are being used by upper caste to enforce caste system. No change in India is possible without including them. They make around 50% of Indias population.
We need to build a wall around Leinster. It’s all fun and games now but what if it hit Cork? We can’t take that risk. It wont hit cork because people don't travel to that shithole.
You know those absolute, defining moments of being young that you just remember here forever, I had one here. 
Myself, sister and parents sat in the front garden of this place with a live band. Late summer sun going down, live music, just life suspended as it was in that moment. happy cake day.
Queen or Prince? @USER Tough one but I’ll go for Queen.
Congress seems inactive in Gujarat, but it is silently going to villages and towns and trying to convince people to vote against BJP: PM Modi. @USER Old school.
If the Irish people actually wanted change to a more Nordic system as Bernie envisages, they'd have voted for the Greens or the Soc Dems.
A vote for SF is just a vote for 'let someone else pay for me'. Our selfishness is just based on monetary lines, not racial or ethnic lines.
Ireland is a very different country to America. Here we have the 2nd most progressive tax intake in the OECD with the top 10% contributing 60% of our taxes.
 URL. I'm not sure about that comment with the greens. The Nordic systems rely on exploitation of vast amounts of natural resources to fund a lot of what they do. If you copy pasted those systems into Ireland we'd have a massive shortfall in the budgets.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Do you want them to betray their manifesto like the Tories do.
@USER Trump should be in jail! @USER  @USER Naw,hillary,biden,obama and fauchi.
I was scared initially because I wasn't sure how the stock market would react.  I lost money when the stock market dropped massively in the past few weeks.  Got out of those positions, switched mindsets, and now I'm back to making money.  In fact, coronavirus spreading has actually benefitted me.  Not saying that is a good thing, just trying to make the most of a bad situation. I have had people comment about the economy and i agree with you, while other parts dropped massively other parts rose, however i am interested to know now what your oppinion is on the actual virus and a possible mass outbreak?
@USER  @USER For what it’s worth, the best way to work a belly off is calorie counting. @USER  @USER It is just some beer, most of the fat has been worked off by running behind Boyzilla who is getting damn fast now!
@USER  @USER Beautiful view ? x. @USER  @USER Pity no sun Jo ?x.
@USER No, I rang them about it yesterday, said they'd get someone to check and ring me back, not heard anything yet. @USER Cheers mate. Sounds ominous doesn’t it. I don’t really want to get a refund but I’ll struggle for the revised date.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Yeah where was summer in the metro areas... Oh right there wasn't ?
The theory that there's a cure for cancer out there somewhere. Not a developmental one, but one that has a high success rate, like vaccines for various diseases.  It's probably locked away guarded by heavily armed guards.  Imagine how much money the medical world would lose when an easily accessible cure is put on the market. There's a lot of buzz around these researchers in Cardiff, Wales.UK. 
They stumbled upon a possible cure using T-cells.
Interesting video:
 URL.
So BJP-RSS folk need to fear NSG ? Kinda contradictory no ? Has this guy any shame left.  He should be behind bars!
I've said this many times on the pod, but losing Sasha Banks is losing someone who can legitimately be a crossover star. Big fail on WWE for that. @USER She's close with snoop can aew afford her.
@USER  @USER Congratulations Abi, look forward to working with you ?? @USER  @USER Thank you, and likewise!! ?
@USER Superstar ? @USER I have learned from the best and I had the support of an excellent team.
I cannot wait to buy an actual booth.

There's one I'm eyeing up for less than $100, including postage to the UK. But I have to wait until after our wedding. Getting married is expensive! ? @USER So what is the set up and equipment going to be?  Where could I get them?So I could set up my dream booth. Getting help from an experience veteran voice actor would be so helpful. You guys have the most wisdom and advice to be given, it would be an honor to learn from you!
Not able to understand this frenzy. Sure it's 2 times more communicable than a flu, but it's a water borne disease. 
Panic if someone sneezes at your face or you touch your face when in public spaces. 
People who aren't showing symptoms are less likely to spread. 
Please wear a mask if you start coughing and sneezing and stay at home. Fuck people like you man. This shit requires 20% of those infected to be hospitalized for 3 weeks and has neurological side effects. Also 20% of those hospitalized die due to ARDS. And these are just the official numbers, and I hear the actual numbers are much worse. Also, the virus survives on dry surfaces for upto 24 days in temperate zones and 9 days in warmer locations and it spreads through air as well after the saliva etc evaporates.
The problem therefore is two fold:


the stress on hospitals


the death rate


And in a country like India with bad healthcare already, and states like UP where gomutra is king, you can only imagine the havoc it will cause. I predict the government will not release the death rate numbers.
What's 3/21-4/1? But it's as safe here as it is in the US. March 21 - April 1.
@USER You missed  @USER  of the list. @USER  @USER Nah Jim bounces well.
That's the best way to get rid of the flu as it's only two sleeps and it's gone. 2 sleeps over 3 weeks..
Train your mind to stay calm in every situation. @USER I am calm in every situation.
An ideal nap should be of how many minutes? @USER 10 minutes.
Tested my 1RM on Saturday. I usually train fasted out of preference. It was not a good idea to go try hit my maxes with no food since the night before.
By the time deadlift came around I was fucking spent.
Squat: 180KG
Bench: 110KG
Deadlift: 170KG
OHP: 70KG
at 80KG bodyweight.
Pretty disappointed with DL, but others were pretty much what I expected.
&#x200B;
Also went into Thrive Festival. Not a bad setup. Listened to a talk by Daniel Davey the Leinster Rugby/Dublin GAA nutritionist. Was a good talk. Hes very good to listen to.
It makes me wonder why don't they put headlights on gimbal mountings so they stay horizontal irrespective of dips and slopes in the road surface. They can do it with steadicams - why not headlights? The headlights need to be level relative to the slope of the road, or they will be too high when coming downhill and too low going uphill.
These labels are good but what they really need to do is specify the country of origin for the major ingredient. if I couldnt get it produced here, I'd settle for grown/produced in NZ, packed here.
Unknown origin, no thanks, I'll just do without. Didn't buy bacon this week for this exact reason. Most bacon comes from Denmark, or so I was told.
Some process takes place here, which explains the 21% (or similar) Australian content. 
There are a couple of brands that are really Australian (or 98%), the packet I bought yesterday from Woolies  was  Bertocchi.
My local butcher also makes bacon and ham.
Ur eyes are pretty cool. Or perhaps your gaming skills are good.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER हिन्दुओं की गर्दनें कितनी कटीं, घर कितने जले ये भी तो बता दो... गोबरभक्त बहना.. एम्स नहीं जीवन की सुरक्षा चाहिए, सडंक नहीं इस्जाम से मुक्ति चाहिए। #संघभाजपामुक्तभारत. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER हाँ  चमचों  हिन्दुओं  की  गर्दन  करवायें  दिल्ली  में   @USER  ने  दंगाईयों से  पंजाब  में  खालिस्तानी लोगों  से  सच  है  कॉंग्रेस  और  आप  मुक्त  भारत  चाहिए  और  सबसे  ज्यादा   चमचों  से मुक्त  भारत  चाहिए  हमें.
@USER Our older sibling barely got off the sofa to say hello to the returning gaeilgeoir. @USER  @USER Great cake.
Or hand sanitizers on amazon sells for £14, LITTLE FUCKING BOTTLES. If you fancy making your own it's relatively cheap and easy. All the ingredients are cheap and in stock in eBay and Amazon.
I've ordered enough to make a litre + and bottles to put it in for around £30.
WHO Recipe:  URL.
I've seen a stack of these photos but when I go down to Woolies or Aldi,  the only thing that's missing from the shelves is Aeroguard. Not just at the nearest one to me but the two other suburbs I regularly stop at to buy stuff as I travel past. Might depend on your suburb I guess. In Carlingford, Sydney the aisles of long life products were like this.
Weak men are the most dangerous humans in the world. @USER I know many alpha males, real ones, like @roger_westhoff, @Beartxag, almost everyone I work with and the difference between them and males like you is they are quietly and utterly competent and confident where you so desperately reek and screech of Prom King Douchebaggery.
Instead of saying people who do bad things are not real hindus, real muslims, etc. acknowledge that there are bad people in every religion. True. People who spread hate and violence are dickheads irrespective of their religions.
I’m probably the biggest critic of the Royal Navy despite spending 24 years in it. But the minister in Cork trying to cause offence is misguided.  I get that Ireland is a neutral state, but a visit doesn’t happen without state approval.    #HMSENTERPRISE. @USER As we say here, just a gobshite.
@USER Labour is finished thanks too Keith and his mates ??????? @USER Who’s Keith?
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Winter to be replaced by autumn soon.
@USER Happy birthday bro ?? hope you have many more. @USER Preciate that cuz ??
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER If thalaivar attend Guru poojai any impact on Devendra Kula vellar votes? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Krishna Samy group knew the reality. They won't oppose it and at the same time bridging the gap between these communities will be possible.  BJP office bearers will work for that.
@USER  @USER Wouldn’t last a minute I the real world. He’d be run out of town. @USER  @USER ‘in’ the real world.
@USER Sending you big hugs Les.  You are doing so well. Send Mrs C a hug from me too xx. @USER Will do.
I think we all need to hold our nerve. Experts are saying just buy a little EXTRA each week, don’t try to have your own Woollies at home and do all your shopping for a year. We don’t want what’s happening in Germany - entire shelves bare - to happen to us. Remember we’re a remarkably self sufficient nation. Have a pantry and have enough; but let’s not make the tragedy of the commons happen for our neighbours. 
That being said, I keep a steady supply of pasta, canned tomatoes, beans, rice, canned citrus fruits and frozen food at all times. I grew up rural and lived in a survivalist community part time in my late teens, so having a well stocked pantry is never a bad thing. 
Remember: even in Wuhan right now, everyone has access to delivered groceries. Expensive and with some shortages, but no one is starving and even the Chinese government is sending in free food. 
Remember: often food shortages are created by overbuying! It’s a self fulfilling prophecy. Food makers aren’t expecting every citizen to suddenly need a six month supply and here’s the thing, you probably don’t. 
What you do need - hand sanitiser (harder to come by - was just in Canberra and Gundagai and all supermarkets are wiped clear), thermometer, ibuprofen, hospital grade disinfectant. If it runs out in stores because people are being Chicken Littles, vinegar kills 80% of germs. As someone else said, toilet paper is great and you’ll miss it when you don’t have it. Garbage bags too. 
Prepare for possible power outages, the same way we did for the bushfires. Get a power bank for $20 from Kmart (and a back up one if you really can’t stand your own company ?), a solar powered battery power bank and a hand crank radio. Batteries as well for LED lights and a radio. Pillar candles or tea lights as a back up and some matches. Yeah, if it kicks off the chemists will  struggle with symptom relief and temperature control drugs.
Let’s just focus on this, for this minute: PROMOTE AND OFFER OPPORTUNITIES to existing staff. Like, a very obvious, long held custom that seems not very en vogue especially by the population with thinly veiled disgust towards the youth’s work ethic. We can’t win w y’all. And don’t just promote the COUGH MOST PROBLEMATIC ONES. Ok logging off before I’m slapped w a hasty call, or worse, you know what. I’m just sayin ??‍♀️.
@USER ఎవరు అవునన్నా కాదన్నా నల్లగొండ జిల్లా ఫ్లోరైడ్ భూతాన్ని తరిమికొట్టింది తెరాసనే... @USER  @USER Yes it's true.....Jai KCR Garu.
@USER Awwww man! That’s so lovely! @USER I love my father so much. This is why I'm by default soft. And this is why I have the faith that I can do everything I touch and sadness will not consume me.

To this minute he wipes my tears.
The only reason why I choose life still.
God knew I'd need one soft thing in this life.
Eh carra you got shit banter for a scouser fucking hell la you been hanging out with Neville too long oasis piss all over the Beatles how many times did they do knebworth. @USER Piss all over the Beatles??? U should b flogged fr saying such tings, n ur dreams Liam, U are overrated, the Beatles ar not, end of.
Like why? We get it, coronavirus is serious, but you don't need like 20 packets of toilet rolls?? Wechat + 3x mark up?
Any other introverts out there have to work up energy before going out to events by themselves? What do you say to yourself in your pep talk? @USER Not much to say since Ppl will understand your absence.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब_जी_अमर_रहे. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब_जी_अमर_रहे 
#मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब 
#बहुजन_महानायक.
@USER How do you know he's a dude? Is it because he's got a cock? @USER You are an obsessed freak. Seek help.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER Dreadful..best wishes!
@USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations! ? @USER  @USER  @USER thanks Lia!! ?
I like that people always are worried that Epstein was murdered instead of suicide. What if this was a ploy to cover up that he just escaped or paid his way out of prison? Well considering his cell mate was Nicholas Tartaglione I’m pretty sure Epstein was murdered.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER FIR without investigation....... @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Complaint has given written application for lodging an  FIR.
Selling 3 Gerry cinnamon tickets face value for tommorro malahide castle #ticketfairy. @USER I may know someone interested. Are the physical tickets or electronic?
Someone please help me:  I was on a plane to the UK and the man next to me was drinking a Pepsi or Coke mixed with Worcestershire sauce in it.  It was on the label too!  He was weirded out that I was weirded out.  Has anyone ever seen that drink??? Nope. Was he from Alabama?
Abuse of teachers and school admin (particilarly female staff) is chronic. Most of the article is behind a pay-wall, but the first few paragraphs are suitably appalling.
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars? song was such a banger.
A simpler theory is that the PM is going for a digital detox. r/NoSurf.
Tonight the thought  @USER is no longer with us is just heart breaking. A decent soul who suffered too much. The news has stunned many of us. We all need to take care. God bless her. RIP. @USER  @USER God bless Aideen RIP ?
@USER Do one in small heath next. @USER The kids here need it plus there's loads of talent in small heath park lool.
read the article!  This place smashed out 80000 cups a year. Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year! This is a good investment. >Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year
Uh... $20 profit per cup?
I'll have tap water thanks.
@USER What is Sooner Leesa? @USER What is so frustrating?
Indians giving random foreigners undue importance since 1800s... Saar, he's saying something I agree with so upvotes to the left.
People think we’ve bough Forster, Bissouma and Perisic for £25m.

We haven’t. It’s £17m as we sold CCV for £8m. @USER We also need to move Ndombele winks lo Celso Regullion Rodon Bergwin Royal on also....
Decent fees for all...Lose our shirt on Ndombele.....Loan most likely there.....
Pineapple is better than orange. There I said it. What is wrong with you???
AFP is politicised and ASIO is criticised for warning of rightwing extremists. ASIO shouldn't be attacking the government.
#DWTS is back airing on Disney+ and I see via Twitter the same negative “fans” are going strong. You didn’t have to subscribe! @USER Right? Between the “I refuse to subscribe” and “I subscribed but I hate it” people you have to wonder about their sanity.
Hoping that bhakts will watch his next flopped film.
No way, bhakts do not spend money on movies, they get everything for free. Bhakts couldn't make their Daddy's movie a superhit.
Aside from tourists sitting in the priority season and ignoring me standing with a nine months pregnant belly, or the bus on New Year's with a bunch of young kids drinking who then started shouting "Let us off! Emergency!" while one of the boys vomited all over the bus floor, here's my favorite.
About a month ago I was leaving the GP with my daughter who was 4 months old and sick, so I had the pram with me to put her in if it started raining and she was strapped to my chest in the carrier because she needs a good cuddle when she's not feeling well. I get on the bus with my pram and go to sit down when the bus driver starts shouting at me that "all unoccupied prams must be folded and stored!!". He won't move the bus, and the pram doesn't really fold easily, not to mention how am I supposed to fold it down with a sick baby strapped to me?? I go to explain I can't fold it and the driver just keeps telling me "all unoccupied prams must be folded and stored!"
I had no choice, I pulled my daughter out of the carrier, apologized to the people around and let them know she was going to cry and put my now screaming sick baby into the pram and said "it's not unoccupied now."
If I could have held my screaming baba up to that man's ear like a seashell, I would have. I get that rules are rules, but it was kind of ridiculous. Bus driver sounds like he was on a power trip.
This Saturday is the Brain Tumour Research Walk of Hope, it falls exactly 2 years to the day since we lost  @USER on 24th September 2020, to this terrible disease. I can't believe it will be 2 years. It feels like a life time ago &amp; yesterday at the same time. I'm not setting up my own justgiving page, I'm just going to join in the walk, walk in Gail's memory &amp; ask all you amazing people who have been so supportive to me over these last couple of years that if you'd like to make a donation, then please donate to Elspeths page.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. Look at this one...
Paul xxxx 2/5
a month ago on Google
I was very disappointed with this Motel when I was stranded there in the recent bush fires and had to stay for a night along with other motorists. They took advantage of the situation and charged almost double their normal rates.. I think it was a very low act.
Thanks to a generous benefactor, I will be at the Bills/Steelers game. I hope I can meet some of you tweeps in person. I am so excited that I lost my voice. I am very grateful. Waited for Victory Tuesday am on cloud nine and can’t wait to attend my first home game in years! @USER I am Jealous of you! At the same time Happy for you! 
A fav please? Hold up a sign that says:
"Doin'The Pee-Pee Dance"
for "TheDr!" Please!!!
Go Bills Baby!!!
Hu toh Bayern fan but El Clasico me Real Madrid ki gand lgte dekh maza ata he.
Too bad TV pe nhi aega ye saal La Liga.
Too tired for Facebook Live or stream. Real won.
Tis long riddled. Our local wan was in fookin January. Also, got a nice skirt.
Fill in the blanks and give it back, I think that's the game. My brother recommended posting a note saying:
“I’ll park wherever I want you   _  _  _  _   _  _ _ “.
@USER Karlie, VB?! And I let my child talk to you! @USER ??? I am good guy, I swear!
It's great for the environment and people who live out in the bush. But being realistic, it's only a short break from when the season resumes. This is the new normal. It's only how much of it is uncontrollable. This was horrible for the environment 
Millions possibly billions of animals have died
Small fires are indeed good for the environment but huge fires like this are not.
Let’s just focus on this, for this minute: PROMOTE AND OFFER OPPORTUNITIES to existing staff. Like, a very obvious, long held custom that seems not very en vogue especially by the population with thinly veiled disgust towards the youth’s work ethic. We can’t win w y’all. And don’t just promote the COUGH MOST PROBLEMATIC ONES. Ok logging off before I’m slapped w a hasty call, or worse, you know what. I’m just sayin ??‍♀️.
So finally the stupid have outnumbered the sane. Haha, stupids have always outnumbered the sane. One of the reasons why democracies fail.
@USER Sexi. @USER ???
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER No it was a waste of money had to sell my jewellery to bury my son 3 months ago disgraceful.
TLDR:  senior positions and management get paid more. And are generally the most useless pricks out there, all talk and no action.
The media. They thrive off of fearmongering and people are dumb enough to fall for that. What media are you talking about? This is media. Twitter is media. Facebook is media.
People should stop reading sensationalist news and hyper partisan news. They should stop watching entertainment news (And by that, I mean news that’s designed to be entertainment).
People should absolutely read trusted news sources. Journalists do one of the most important jobs in our Democracies and people should absolutely listen to them, learn how to interpret bias and learn how to have an informed opinion based on that interpretation. Read The New York Times *and* The Wall Street Journal. Read The Economist *and* Foreign Policy. Read The National Review *and* USA Today. Watch NPR. These are trusted sources of news and informed opinion from the left and the right and it’s your job as a citizen to read them and use them to form your own opinion.
A society where we’re all just forming our opinions based on what those around us say or what our own timeline says is not a healthy society.
Because we as an Indian fighting with each other over religious stuff instead of working towards the growth of the economy. >Fighting each other?      
We don’t really have a choice in that, its a state sponsored contest with the aid of certain media agencies.  
And our regressive culture is helping all this shit.
@USER Fantastic Elaine ?? @USER The relief B ????
Pineapple is better than orange. There I said it. What is wrong with you???
Watching Chernobyl for the first time. @USER The series?   It’s incredible.
@USER Father, you didn’t hurt my feelings, you insulted my intelligence. Pax. @USER I am sorry for insulting your intelligence. I wish you well.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Great  spiritual knowledge. 
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
u/VredditDownloader. beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!


Download via  URL 


Downloadable soundless link


Audio only


First link is active for 6 hours. Mention me again if it is down

Info&#32;|&#32;Support&#32;me&#32;❤&#32;|&#32;Github.
Apparently I went to the only school in the country that never served these. However:
> Turkey Twizzlers contained just 34% turkey; bulked up with water, pork fat, rusk, and coating, and loaded with additives, sweeteners, and flavourings. They were found to be made up of 21.2% fat when cooked
Mmmm, I'll give em a miss. Nah we never had them either. Had never even heard of them before pukka pants got on his high horse.
Viceland on  @USER is currently screening a doco on the IS brides. Many of the hard core are giving the IS finger sign and continue to be ISIS supporters. The interviewer has protection as some of the brides are lethal. And  @USER wants them to come here. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks I'll take a look on SBS on Demand.
We are living through the government that our founders warned us about. @USER You mean the corrupt @GOP?
The problem of using different colours highlighters or pens is everytime you want to change colour to highlight or underline you get confused and waste time in choosing that. @USER ??
Never thought it this way . ?
@USER How long did that take mate? Home next month and want to do a few climbs with the kids. Did Diamond Hill 3 years ago easy enough but there older now. @USER Up and down in 3 hours but that was going at the pace of the slowest in the group....you'd want to be reasonably fit as it's steep enough in places.
@USER You can't hide those lion eyes. @USER Yes, I know a contraction is cheating.
There was no foul there… surely? ?
#MCYvWUN. @USER Pathetic officiating already?
Coronavirus has spread to many countries in such a short amount of time that it’s a worldwide threat. Even though there is a <~10% chance of dying to the virus, it has a very high infectivity. Actual 3%.
Legit question: if shit does hit the fan, can Muslim countries refuse to sell us oil? Or is our market just too big for that? We get most of our oil from Saudis and Iraq
Historically, has it ever happened? It wont go that far but in geo politics no one wants to get isolated...any indian diplomatic loss is pakistans gains...iraq is busy with ISIS and Saudi in yemen war....50 casualties in delhi riots is a small number for them 100s die every day in conflicts across middle east and they all are muslims. After our independence communal riots happened many times but things get back to normal, actually they have faith in India.
@USER Wexford had a tougher league campaign than Kilkenny etc. And we've beaten all the other 5 teams left in the championship this year. @USER  @USER I hope to God Wexford show up tomorrow or it ll be like the Kerry game with Wexford playing the part of the Kingdom men.
When intelligent people read, they ask themselves a simple question: What do I plan to do with this information? @USER I've read this tweet and now plan to reply with a witty riposte.
@USER You look a little uncertain about it. @USER Cutting much shorter than it’s been so that’s the face!! Plus jet lag tiredness.
HAIR. Oh my gosh. Yes! I gag.
Date a guy and he’ll start acting like a kid around you. @USER Mommy issues.
Trust me, taking 60 teenagers away, is no fucking holiday. Not many of the teachers volunteer for these trips abroad. The same teachers in my school "volunteered" each year for the ski trip, it was definitely a free holiday.
Don't know that much more needs saying about how the death of ERII affected us all differently, but am absolutely willing to acknowledge that my hysteria the day The Big Yin checks out will put the most unionjacketed of the last week to shame. @USER Same but when Attenborough pops off.
You do realise that to ‘take that on notice’ means that they have to provide an answer, just that they don’t have the information at that time? Yes.
He would have been aware prior to estimates what the questioning would be about.
He either did not prepare or was unwilling to prepare for those questions.
It also means all answers to questions are not "off his head" and are in written form after consulting with other bodies (ie. including potentially the government or minister of the day).
Edit: 
Plus if his responses were standard business, it wouldn't have been reported on by multiple news articles and MPs.
Finding Nemo. That shit was scary as fuck. Shat my pants only looking at the title, never scare me like that again man.
No I am done. People are scamming others with this, I ain't gonna fall for it again. I'll better buy one screen plan. Well it sounds scamming but you can’t do anything without trust. I’m currently using the mobile plan for 199₹ I’m fine with it but I can’t watch it on my TV that’s a big Bummer and to not get get scammed well I’ll provide my contact info and if you think of an idea that works out in such a way that we can trust each other I’ll be glad to use it . Sadly i’m New to reddit so definitely it looks more like a scam ?
For all the shit people like to talk about "totalitarian communist China" all the time, the above reads an awful lot like in a crisis it's generally better to be governed by China than anybody else.
Take hospital beds alone:
> China has hospital beds to treat 0.4% of the population at the same time - other developed countries have between 0.1% and 1.3%
China actually has beds for more than 0.4%: 4.34 beds per 1000 people, i.e. 0.434%.
Ireland? Less than 0.3%: 2.96 beds per 1000 people, i.e. 0.296%.  
Not only do they have THREE orders of magnitude more people, but they also have 47% percent MORE hospital beds for all of those people.
People downvoted me when I first said this, but I'll say it again:
> Protip: Don't run your health service [to] the absolute limit, to the point where a non-emergency already becomes a national emergency, because once an international health emergency then hits...
Is it too early to say I told you so? China also attempted to silence the doctor and refused to recognise the virus. The doctor died as a result.
*poo. Well yeah, I've always spelled it poo as well. I do hear of people writing pooh and I assume it's because they went to a private school or something.
I'm wondering if we've been to the same Coober Pedy or if there's another one in not familiar with. Yeah, like, what a shithole. If I never returned it'd be too soon.
Coming to Cincinnati for a couple days tomorrow! Would love to know what to eat, please! @USER @MashRoots_Cincy.
@USER  @USER You have used which app? @USER  @USER There are many available on Google playstore...it is Timestamp camera.
Change the law. Legislators legistlate - the joys of democracy. Rent controls are common in EU countries - let's do it - for a while anyway to see how people like it. We don’t have to see if the people “like” it, we can already see the effect of it in other countries, and pretty much every single economist agrees that any form of rent control is very bad and has a serious negative impact on housing.
It’s to give the impression of them having a weapon(knife, D-lock, etc) so they are more threatening to other teenage bys. The penis mightier than the sword.
Stupid thing is that the major brands of toilet paper are made in Australia.
Check if they have hand sanitiser. I was trying to google this earlier, wondering if the issue was import controls from Chinese paper; thanks for confirming!
#DWTS is back airing on Disney+ and I see via Twitter the same negative “fans” are going strong. You didn’t have to subscribe! @USER Right? Between the “I refuse to subscribe” and “I subscribed but I hate it” people you have to wonder about their sanity.
Getting lots of questions from users saying I have 5G phone but in network settings not showing 5G options.

Don't worry smartphone OEM need to push out a small network OTA update, checked with few brands some already started rolling other said update roll out by next week. @USER Thank you for clarifying. But surprisingly pixel 6 too not showing 5G?
@USER Rigobert Song is Alex Song's uncle. @USER True that.
Calling it a 'Frey Bentons' pie is bad enough. Eurgh, just realised. Im gonna blame my auto correct  and not my poor proof reading.
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Coffe.
Why restrict it to men? Men seem to have the most trouble getting partners today.
@USER U said they re supportive. @USER They're supportive in some things and not in some.
That boy at bottom left can't be more than 14 years old. Okay.
I think we all have a pretty good understanding of what the driver is like. Stereotyping is as racist as they come. 
Oh but you’ll get points because it’s anti British racism.
Piss. Alcohol
Pissed. Drunk
Pissed off. Angry.
Pissing. Urinating
Pissing down. Heavy rain
Taking the piss. Having a joke at someone's expense
Taking a piss. Urinating. Pisser. Amusing joke or incident.
Pissing around. Wasting time.
Pissweak or weak as piss. Very weak
Piss off. Go away.
Some of these aren't unique to Aus but what a versatile word!
Happy Birthdaaaay  @USER ?? @USER Thanks love! ?
Lmao. Too bad the person she was tweeting is a nutcase.
Holy shit it’s been so long since I’ve watched this. I used to love it when I was like 10. I love it too! It reminds me of granny babysitting on Saturday nights!
GF used to work there in marketing they get these requests daily.
A former director wanted to bring them back but marketed as Oliver Twists. He was advised this probably wasn't a good idea. He was right that would have been brilliant.
These reforms are fucking great. I'm so happy. 
• Landlords must now ensure their properties meet basic standards, providing functioning stoves, heating and deadlocks, and maintaining basic safety standards for gas, electricity and smoke alarms.
• Rental bidding will be banned, preventing landlords from accepting a higher price than advertised.
• Landlords may only increase rent every 12 months, as opposed to every six months as currently stands.
• Bond will now be capped at four weeks’ rent.
• Landlords may no longer unreasonably refuse consent to minor modifications. This covers nailing hooks to walls and anchoring furniture for safety. But they can request these modifications be made by a qualified person.
• Landlords will now need an official order from the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal in order to refuse a tenant the right to own a pet.
• Tenants will no longer need written consent from their landlord to file for the release of their bond. The landlord will have 14 days to dispute the claim, or bond will be repaid to the tenant automatically after that time.
• Victims of family violence will be able to terminate rental agreements to ensure they aren’t held liable for the debts of their abusers.
• Caravan and mobile home owners will now be offered access to compensation if their residential park closes.
**
Fucking rental bidding. I've had to do it. Such a shit of an underhanded practise. Getting calls from the agent... well, there are a lot of people interested... 
Tell them directly that rent bidding is illegal. Oh, we're not doing that, we're just letting you know there are a lot of people interested...
There are more coming into effect in July 2020:  URL 
Some highlights:
Inappropriate rental application questions
A rental provider or their agent cannot request inappropriate information in a rental application.
Rental providers must give a valid reason to end a rental agreement
Rental providers (landlords) cannot issue a ‘no specified reason’ notice to vacate. To end a rental agreement, rental providers must provide a valid reason such as sale, change of use or demolition of the rental property, or rental provider moving back into the rental property.
Evidence for change of use notice to vacate
Rental providers must attach documentary evidence to a notice to vacate for change of use. The Director of Consumer Affairs Victoria will specify the types of evidence that must be used, for example a building permit.
Bank or other mortgage provider to honour rental agreements
If a bank or other mortgage provider has consented to the mortgage recipient entering a rental agreement with the mortgaged property, upon taking possession of the property they are subject to all the provisions of the Act as though they were the rental provider.
Expanded definition for urgent repairs
Urgent repairs now include repairs or replacements relating to air conditioning, safety devices and any fault or damage which makes the property unsafe or insecure, including pest infestations, or mould or damp caused by or related to the building structure.
Long-term leases
Renters and rental providers (landlords) can enter a fixed-term rental agreement for longer than five years. They must use the prescribed form to do so. >  Rental bidding will be banned, preventing landlords from accepting a higher price than advertised.
Why shouldnt a landlord be able to get the most rent possible?  In future wont they just advertise a lot higher rent then add 'or nearest offer'? 
>Landlords may no longer unreasonably refuse consent to minor modifications.
Will the tenant have to make good any changes, e.g. if they add a lot of screw holes to a wall surely they have to repair and repaint the room.
Nyaa~! Daddy I can’t fit that it’s to big uwu~. you need help.
Muslims are the few sane ppl left in this country. Oh please, let’s not get carried away with such moronic rhetoric!
@USER The silent English majority will put them back into power though, as always, gullible bastards.
Scotland out asap. @USER  @USER I really hope and think they are not the majority. Maybe I should take up fishing.
Americans. 
It’s wooster shuh. WAR SESS TER SHY ERRRRRRR.
Yet strangely the seas are not rising in Sydney Harbour. The first study I found suggests otherwise, giving a figure of 0.73mm/year.
Sign the Paris Agreement. Weren’t we apart of that then quit?
Wrong question. Western cities have a dramatically higher per-capita civic spend. Indian cities get by on a fraction of those budgets. 
You wont claim that Bill Gates is more environment friendly than you because he makes space for a 100 trees in his home. 
Western cities 'look' beautiful because they can afford massive budgets to maintain them. Indian cities dont have the luxury so everything is utilitarian. This is such a bullshit argument. Beauty isn't spending money on ornate 17th century French design. It's about good workmanship, carefully made and executed plans, ergonomics, clean and comforting colour choices etc.
Hell, some of this can be enforced with municipal codes and regulation.
Brutalism has been a fashion choice for the past few decades all over the world and India still takes the cake on ugly.
The materials we use right now can absolutely be used to make beautiful buildings. Just get better quality labour and spend some money on a competent architect.
In general, the Irish don't do big expressive celebrations like that. Seems like more an American thing? 
We're too shy. I dunno man, I'd be sweating at the thought of finding a tenner.
@USER But have you tried magnesium though? ? @USER (Joke - it doesn’t work either).
My Mom died. 
I just lost my best friend. I don’t know how to handle this. @USER Understand,BE STRONG!!
@USER My 7 year old son would buddy up with him in a hearbeat. He always asks me if hes "weird" because he doesn't like what all the other kids do.  I say hell no, you do you always!!! @USER ? love this.
There is a great deal of research done on the efficacy of homeopathy, and you can google some meta studies on the subject. From my experience, (and the studies support this), homeopathy works on several ailments that main stream medicine has difficulty in treating, like respiratory diseases such as asthma, especially in children. It also has shown to be effective in reducing discomfort and pain from the side effects of cancer treatments like chemo, removal of warts without surgery, etc. 
The problem occurs when some homeopaths make outlandish claims on its cures. Homeopathy has its place in treating several chronic problems, but if people start believing it can cure cancers and the like, then they will run into major problems. So look at homeopathy as an effective alternative to some ailments that cause discomfort which main stream medicine cannot cure. But looking at it as an effective and complete alternative to allopathy will mean one will do so at one’s own peril. However, there is always the problem of finding an experienced and effective homeopath, since so many of them are just not upto the mark. Link a peer reviewed journal for these claims please.
My thoughts and prayers are tonight with the entire community of Creeslough following today’s devastating explosion.

Thinking too of all the emergency services, from across the north-west and NI working in very traumatic situation. @USER So so tragic and heartbreaking....thoughts and prayers for a heartbroken community❤.
That's technically illegal, I think? You're signing a legal document under false pretences.
EDIT: I'm not sure if I was right here, but you can't change it for frivolous purposes anyway:   URL. You don’t even need to legally change your name by deed poll. You can change your name and start using it. But if you want a passport etc you need to change it by deed poll.
How is nobody talking about how Brooke has not mentioned the apple when she has been all "THOMAS HAS A KNIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIFE!" 

#ohbrookeohtaylorohbrooke. @USER Doesn’t suit the narrative ?
It’s eeth not eh-th. It’s bay-see, not bake. It’s en eff tees, not niftys. Plz stop the madness. @USER I el-oh-elled! I did not loll.
Saturday night ka mera 'sneak in the garden and light up a joint' routine badiya baith gaya hai. Kal mast joint fooka gaane sunte sunte and moon ko dekha and uske baad some geopolitics ke videos. Man, I love saturday nights. That's something even the girl I am currently with does. But instead of watching geopolitics she sleeps on my shoulder in which she murmurs god knows what.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Paper Irish*.
I went there about 10 years ago. Costs about £20 to go in and it's just a greenhouse. A pretty dam awesome greenhouse!
People are acting like an unstoppable force of gastro is sweeping the planet. The shit apocalypse. Apoocalypse.
Train your mind to stay calm in every situation. @USER I am calm in every situation.
To all the girls who have eyes on only one guy are the real princess ?? @USER I used to be that guy. 

But ever since I got married, I don’t get those looks, but the stares ?
It will all be stale ina week too, but the shops will still be open... You can freeze it and it’ll be fine. 
I always have 3/4 loafs of bread frozen, handy if you forget to pick some up or if something happens, like the snow. Unusual but handy a few times a year.
@USER  @USER Thank you so much! @USER  @USER Fabulous work Mike - well done :).
No shit hardly wore a jumper for more a week or two last "winter". I wore shorts all winter here in Coffs.
@USER Good Morning ❤️. @USER Have a blessed day ma!❤️.
@USER  @USER For what it’s worth, the best way to work a belly off is calorie counting. @USER  @USER It is just some beer, most of the fat has been worked off by running behind Boyzilla who is getting damn fast now!
Two weekends in a row upcoming in Croke Park. What an exciting time to be a  @USER supporter! ?? @USER  @USER We'll be broke with Clare GAA this year! ?
Wild at Heart. This. Used to get a loaf cake and have a slice with a cup of tea. Wasn't old when it was on but it just felt really...nice.
Hello to all Rogue fans who have just met KOI and are not speaking spanish. My English is fucking shit, I'm improving it. 

Just to say that you are welcome, this is going to be fucking awesome. Vamos KOI. @USER Welcome to the #LEC!
If you could “Delete” anything from your past, what would it be? @USER Meeting a person ?
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER मंगल सन्देश Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
We will be lucky if we aren't at 20+ cases by the end of the week. Containment has worked so far, but the current sufferer was out and about for a few days while sick so will need lady luck on our side for numbers to stay down.
Hopfully further spread is limited and / or slow. Speaking of containment - this virus has been circulating in China for about 3 months or so.  China has a population of 1.38 billion.  So far, about 80,000 have contracted the virus and just under 3,000 have died.  For a country with such a massive population and lots of very densely populated cities, I'd say that's pretty good containment so far.
@USER Weird behaviour there. @USER May be a bit weird to us today, but symbolic breaking of things is a very old tradition!
@USER  @USER All fairly untapped quantities. If anything I feel Duzza has the heart and effort instilled so just reckon he’s gonna come on nicely next year. HJ was glowing in 2021 but had injuries this year which clearly ruined his self confidence. He could be anything.
Cox I’m not sold. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes, a fit and confident HJ could be anything.
Get out or get weird. Might use that.
How to gain followers? ? @USER Kachaa badaam wali video bana lena?
Boris Johnson ignores his responsibilities here and goes scuttling off to Ukraine in a desperate bid to be photographed next to the only person in the world who  likes him. @USER You mean the only European leader who has backed him unequivocally?
My son ordered the same pizza from Dominos so often, that once when he changed his order slightly they rang him to see if they had made a mistake. But why did he change his order?
currently going through a bit of an aussie hip hop phase and I think this is the only genre I’ve ever really listened to that I just can not bring myself to play in session. there is simply no way to make it work. one can not do sadism to a soundtrack of our unadulterated accent. @USER Challenge accepted.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ??‍♀️.
A Tweet up is needed . I can org a Dublin one ? Kindred spirits need to come together . Too much negativity going on. Let's have fun ? 
 xx 
Pls reply below if interested xx. @USER I'm in Dublin ?? can you explain more about this please? ??
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER We can only hope! Perhaps we’ve declared war on Russia or put a man on Mars overnight.
@USER Oh well done Julia - it looks fabulous! @USER Thank you, I love ricotta!
Clinton body count. There are too many “robberies gone wrong” and “suicides” surrounding their political controversies that it is surely them calling the hits. His name was Seth Rich.
I’m probably the biggest critic of the Royal Navy despite spending 24 years in it. But the minister in Cork trying to cause offence is misguided.  I get that Ireland is a neutral state, but a visit doesn’t happen without state approval.    #HMSENTERPRISE. @USER As we say here, just a gobshite.
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER BIG happy birthday to yoooou ???
Depends on how the shipper sends it.   If they send it via post, then Aust Post handles it here.    But if they use a courier service like DHL or Fed Ex, then they handle it all the way to your door.
Most couriers will not deliver to a post box either. DHL don't deliver outside of capital city  metro areas, they offload it to couriers.
redtube. Xnxx.
Listen to the advice of older people. Not because they're right, but because they have the most experience being wrong. @USER Not all the old people are wise. Some are really dumb af.
Selling 3 Gerry cinnamon tickets face value for tommorro malahide castle #ticketfairy. @USER I may know someone interested. Are the physical tickets or electronic?
We all remember the nursery rhyme. "After the poo or pee has landed, do make sure that you're clean handeeeeaahhhd". Is that the verse that comes after "If you sprinkle / When you tinkle, / Please be sweet / And wipe the seat"?
How to fuck your business, 101. Petty shit like that puts you on peoples' "never go there' list.
@USER Now why all of a sudden you are changing your mind? As a priest texting a priest, I do not trust you Father. Sorry! Your first statement was the real Fr. Vu the second statement was just a cover up. By the way your second comment, is a little of what I texted. @USER Fr, I made a mistake. I was tried to tell people not to argue with me about Vatican II &amp; Pope Francis. Some accused me for not want to dialogue or be friend people. I just wanted people to know they can be my friends if they want. It is okay if you don’t trust me. I wish you well.
Human immune system learns through trial and error. The thing is western world is too fragile for Indian conditions, conditions highly optimal for growth and proliferation of infectious microorganisms (which includes the germs). Also we do not have a cold cycle (at least in the parts southern to regions where it snows) which can wipe out almost all of the infectious microbes. In Europe and America, the immune system of the people is not worked out as much as an Indian's immune system. Half of the year the immune system of western population is chilling owning to the environmental conditions favouring humans over microorganisms. 
The memory of the way to defend the  body from the microorganisms (henceforth microbes) is short lived (for about 30-50 days). Hence as soon as the cold cycle ends and the conditions turn favourable for the microbes and all the memory of the immune system of how to defend itself from the microbe is gone. All the microbes are aliens to the body even though there might not be a significant change in the microbes characteristics. Hence there prevention is best and hence the sanitizers , extreme safety precautions etc are brought about.
In case of India where the environmental situation is highly favourable to the microbes than the humans. We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised. 
Hence we can say that we are inherently stronger than our western counterparts.
If theres any query regarding this please feel free to ask me any questions. I will answer what i know to my fullest. >We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised.
There is a little logic to this, but NOT when confronted by a pandemic! This is a new strain of virus which we have NOT been exposed to before, and we have NOT built up immunity towards. By not washing your hands and sanitizing when such a virus is going around, you are being very irresponsible. 
Not washing hands, sanitizing, and taking precautions will only further spread the virus, and it is people with weak immune systems like the elderly, babies and the ill who are most likely to die from this disease. So you may survive, but you also may spread it to someone else with low immunity who will die. SO PLEASE WASH YOUR HANDS!
Been working since 16 and I’ve never been promoted in my life. Debenhams, Next, McDonalds, more pubs than I can count, every manager I’ve had rightfully looked at me and thought “you are lucky to even have this job.” 

Until now! Say hello to Birkbeck’s newest Senior Lecturer!! @USER Hello. and congratulations.
It's not just a London thing, it's annoying as hell. You just want to tell them it's not gonna fall off! They don't have to keep guard of it just incase haha. Why is someone with there hands down there tracksuit annoying you.
By slashing oil production during an international energy crisis, Saudi Arabia is aiding Russia's war on Ukraine and adding to pain at the pump.

Continued U.S. dependence on Saudi Arabia is a threat to our national security.

And our dependence on oil is a threat to our planet. @USER And now the Saudi own America's largest oil distillation plants.
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. Well you can't have a 'cure for cancer' because cancer is an umbrella term for many diseases. That's like saying about cure for lung disease. Also several forms of cancer can essentially be 'cured' due to improving therapies.
Can't get it without being anti-national. It's simple. There are no guys in South India and there are no gals in north India. I have no idea why it's so hard to figure out.
@USER Beautiful...so peaceful. Good morning. @USER Morning Sue thanks for the follow.
Have to get ready for work but my motivation is at a 0....this cold has been kicking my ass..my nose is plugged up and my chest is full...but no covid thank god...just pushing through it... @USER Bless. Hope you feeling better soon. I'll send you lots of motivation to get you going and throughout the day. Here for you. Take care. Lots of love ? ? ? ? ? ? Xxxx ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥.
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. Excuse my French but that’s fucked you went straight into the work for the dole phase. When I was last on Centrelink I was told it was 6 on 6 odd, but you start in the 6 off phase. 
Seeing this makes me wanna hang onto this job tighter. No way I could deal with their bullshit again.
The Corona virus was man made to cause the economy to collapse. Thus giving the Democrats a chance at winning the 2020 election. Really?  You think that’s “too logical to ignore”?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations  @USER bhaiya! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Vaibhav! Let's rock buddy together and help Ahmedabad with @PolygonAmd.
@USER No bother to her has mammys genes. @USER Not so sure Gillian….am in Dublin this week minding Jack… #DistractionIsGood!
I’m a teacher and you sound like a very annoying student. I guess it is annoying getting shown up for your ignorance on a very basic topic (this was GCSE level btw not primary school so it is quite important to not tell students the wrong thing).
I’m making a ?? Sokkah gc, reply to be added X. @USER Do we have to follow the a league religiously cause I kinda ditched it after GCU folded.
Half of all the entertainment profits (movies, books, tv shows). That's a lot of money.
Idk why should I be afraid of someone coming to kill me. Fear keeps us from dying. I'm going to die anyway so rather than cower and beg like a pussy, I might just fight back the hardest I ever have because that same fear is going to tell me "you must kill this guy or you'll die" so I'll fight ten times harder. 
And I've seen these deffusers or pacifists get beaten to a bloody pulp while begging. That ain't gonna work. Either run, fight or do both. You're not fighting alone. life is not a videogame buddy.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ah, Packie that’s magic. Some memories. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Remember we went there in 94 Paul.
Apparently I went to the only school in the country that never served these. However:
> Turkey Twizzlers contained just 34% turkey; bulked up with water, pork fat, rusk, and coating, and loaded with additives, sweeteners, and flavourings. They were found to be made up of 21.2% fat when cooked
Mmmm, I'll give em a miss. That's all food/edible. I don't see the problem, honestly, other than overeating them would certainly be unhealthy. 
I don't get what's off-putting about mechanically separated meat, it's no different from boiling a carcass to make stock but people seem to think that the latter is wholesome and the former is disgusting. And plenty of people enjoy chicken skin and bacon fat and the rind on steak. Eating the bits that aren't meat is normal. (As an aside I don't especially like those things because of mouth-feel, but if you made a sausage out of them and it was tasty I don't see why that's somehow disgusting in princple.)
I happily eat lips-and-arseholes chippy sausages on occasion because I enjoy them and it's still food. Just unhealthy food.
@USER i am living in wonderful bliss having shit all knowledge of the timelines ? @USER  @USER Right?
I know enough to be dangerous about that franchise but not enough of all of that so I’m just enjoying an incredible show.
I cannot wait to buy an actual booth.

There's one I'm eyeing up for less than $100, including postage to the UK. But I have to wait until after our wedding. Getting married is expensive! ? @USER So what is the set up and equipment going to be?  Where could I get them?So I could set up my dream booth. Getting help from an experience veteran voice actor would be so helpful. You guys have the most wisdom and advice to be given, it would be an honor to learn from you!
iirc, women were also the biggest victims in Gujarat Riots... This is India, we dont give a damn about women. They are property. Our ministers say "we will abduct their 100 woman if they take our 1 woman" like they're tender meat. That's what they are to us.
Spruce trees do fuck all to soak up carbon. That's why their claim that they had planted hundreds of thousands of trees for the environment was bullshit.... it's just for logging. 
Native trees suck it in like a chain smoker. We need more of those. Tonnes of carbon stored per hectare per annum averaged over the rotation cycle of a forest (higher is better) -

Sitka spruce: 3.6
Other conifers: 3.0
Oak/beech: 1.8
Other broadleaves: 2.4

Spruce is significantly better at sequestering carbon than our native species.  Having said that, I'd agree that spruce are horrible in most other ways and I'd love to see forests here planted with native trees.  If we planted more native trees we could make up for the fact that they sequester less carbon, and have some fantastic big forests.
In Oz we call crisps, chips and chips, hot chips. Hard habit to break. But crisps aren’t hot.
Well not surprising seeing as we pretty much gave up trying to stop it after the initial travel ban from China. It will come in from everywhere not just China. The latest cases in Australia are from people coming from Iran and you would expect from Italy as well.
So no it's not surprising unless everyone was banned from traveling to Australia or coming home....
It's inevitable.
September 25th is #SeeSayDay! Take the time today to save the Suspicious Activity Reporting phone number(s) for wherever you live, work, or spend time in your phone. By doing so, you’ll be prepared to help keep your community safe when you see something suspicious. @USER I “see” suspicious activity everyday at the border. It’s all over TV. We all have eyes!!!  Illegal immigrants pouring into the country by the thousands. Do someting!!!
As much as i detest godi media, i feel sorry for this guy. I literally know nothing about him except for the fact that he is the OG b and d guy. Hahahaha. I don't feel sorry tho.
@USER  @USER  @USER Looking good but all a bit grey on it???‍♂️??‍♂️???? @USER  @USER  @USER Poor Colly has been grey since that time you gave him a hiding at the De La Salle.
I have a company credit card for entertaining customers which I have, on occasion, used to purchase an extravagant selection of biscuits for the office. How extravagant?
Lucky for me I don’t have enough friends for an intervention. @USER yes you do ?
@USER  @USER I’m so glad you got away Miss Taylor and it ended well. You’re story is an inspiration to women all over the country and they need to hear it ? Plus you’re my favorite on 1010xl. ☺️. @USER  @USER Awe well thank you!! I really appreciate that!! ♥️.
The world is ending 
Change my mind. Sounds too good to be true.
You can report them I'm pretty sure. Is it the ombudsman, all youd need is the plate and the time. problem is gardai ombudsman does fuck all, guessing the same for some other ombudsman but even more with the gardai one.
Did they have a Reliant Regal? Um I don't recall seeing a car like that.
Oh DAMN. #WerewolfByNight was a LOT of fun and had a VERY big surprise for comic fans.

Watch it before it's spoiled for you. I need a Werewolf by Night special every year please Mr  @USER ??️?
Mint chocolate chip. hell yeah.
SAD NEWS!

SP Founder Mulayam Singh Yadav (82) passes away,after being critically ill.

Wait! I know many will pounce on me for offering condolences to someone who got Karsevaks Fired at in Ayodhya in 1990,who was into Minorities Appeasement,was Corrupt etc! REMEMBER THAT.
1)It was Mulayam Singh who made Nuclear Deal possible with US in 2008 when Leftists withdrew support from UPA to Stop Bharat's Develop.
2)It was Mulayam who diverted SP Votes to Modi Ji in 2019 elections

Mulayam definitely Wasn't AHMED PATEL to say Good Riddance!
If the Irish people actually wanted change to a more Nordic system as Bernie envisages, they'd have voted for the Greens or the Soc Dems.
A vote for SF is just a vote for 'let someone else pay for me'. Our selfishness is just based on monetary lines, not racial or ethnic lines.
Ireland is a very different country to America. Here we have the 2nd most progressive tax intake in the OECD with the top 10% contributing 60% of our taxes.
 URL. I'm not sure about that comment with the greens. The Nordic systems rely on exploitation of vast amounts of natural resources to fund a lot of what they do. If you copy pasted those systems into Ireland we'd have a massive shortfall in the budgets.
Wow! Maureen Lipman on lbc states “the Queen’s death has United the country including the Corbynistas and people live in the real world”
What a classless comment. @USER Utter fantasy.
Red rooster is the fucking worst fast food place by far. Where I grew up there where two one in the major shopping centre and ones about a minute away outside. The outdoor one was always dead never saw a car in the drive thru. But the inside one had a line as long as hungry jack's, almost like people not wanting to wait in line decided to go there which then formed a line. There is a Chinese place, Maccas, KFC and a bunch of smaller food places in the same food court aswell. But always a line at red rooster. Worse than maccas? Sure mate.
Light switch. Jacksfilms fan, or...?
@USER Gorgeous ??? @USER Thanks Monika?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER safe travels guys and have a great time! @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Garry! X.
My favourite thing about having insomnia for 3 decades is people telling me how to cure it as if I haven't tried everything imaginable to avoid 10,000 sleep-deprived nights. @USER  @USER Same here. The advice is usually given by people who are good sleepers who assume we are doing something wrong, and includes weird drinks and rituals. Nothing I've ever tried works for me and I have learned to live with it. ?
@USER Why is this news! @USER  @USER Not for me. Dislike animal racing &amp; gambling &amp; have no idea who she is.
The wealth of the top 1% increased by $6.5 trillion last year.  It's not radical to tax the rich. It's radical to let a small group of oligarchs hoard that much wealth. @USER Past due.
The law is designed to fast-track citizenship for religious minorities being systematically persecuted in neighboring Muslim countries. Why is that discriminatory? That’s such a stale debate at this moment. Of course caa on its own is only against Indian values but not discriminatory to any Indian citizens. The trouble is when you combine it with nrc. 
That assclown of a home minister has already said they plan to implement it nation wide. All it takes to calm the people down is to come out with a statement saying that he was wrong when he said that and the government has no plans of implementing nrc nation wide in the form in which it was implemented in Assam.
Philadelphia is where it's at, we're gay af. Yes we’ve seen 76ers fans.
Just stand still and make them walk around you. Arseholes. Even better if they're on their phone and not looking, then with luck they'll cannon into you and drop their life sucking bit of plastic. If they’re on their phone and not looking but coming straight towards you, don’t change direction. They usually look up and move about 2-3 seconds before walking into you.
@USER It is bewildering that they think they are invincible and don’t believe in the injuries…until it happens to them.

A game of Russian Roulette. @USER It is odd when the penny appears to drop that the jab may be harmful that they don’t reflect on the fact that they themselves and their children took the shoddy jab based on lies. They should be enraged. It must be a self defence mechanism not to reflect on it too much.
@USER I liked it. I hope you get to see it! ☺️. @USER Thanks ? I am in love with this game so I enjoy seeing all the things. ?
@USER Sir I'm UPSC aspirant and i will be give my first attempt in 2024 plz give me some suggestion plz. @USER Kya tumne baat Kiya unse ?
A Day In The Life or Baba O’ Riley? @USER A Day in the Life.
@USER Bob Mortimer. @USER Good shout.
Taylor Marshall is my J Mac. @USER Shit yeh ????
Wash my hands on a regular basis. i would lick the next chinese person i see.
Have you ever been roasted by your Bestfriend? @USER ??? ,  ??????
Just started watching Dr. John Campbell’s videos on YouTube, he’s a no bs approach to this ordeal and just telling the facts as we know so far. Just put out a video of global isolation and containment where he spoke about a paper in The Lancet. How to best control the outbreak by isolation of cases and isolation of the contacts of said cases. The R0 of Covid-19 is 2.6, meaning for every case, that person will infect 2.6 and so and so forth. 
So basically the paper is saying the only way to contain this is to slow the process as much as possible and completely isolate cases and contacts. Imo we’ve already fucked it with the way we’ve handled our first case. In a small country like ours it should be easier to contain but if not acted upon properly it can spread faster. I think we are gonna be at Italy levels in the coming weeks.
I’m not trying to fear monger because the majority of us should be fine but it’s so frustrating to see it not taken seriously by people. Look at Vietnam and how they have handled it, looks like they have stamped it out fast and actually took serious measures to stop it spreading from the get go. They are testing and they are isolating just not publicly announcing this.
All the Paddington Bear gifts and marmalade sandwiches the Queen received reminds me of the time I said that the snow baby ornaments where kind of cute to my mum, then she told everyone and for the next fuck ton of years every fecker bought me snow baby ornaments. @USER Same, I started drawing a ? when signing cards etc, who new so many things are made in the form of snails!!
Can anyone confirm Fabian Francis had a car purchased for him by Port an MG (Sponsor) 3-6 months ago to get him to convince Jason to leave? @USER  @USER Yo mate.
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER Chick-fil-A, Jimmie John's, Hobby Lobby, and Home Depot.
Why the heck do people even do engineering from a 3rd tier college lmao? What else do you suggest them to do?
If it's anything like Tudors, Vikings, etc that were done in Ardmore, they'll call you at any stage between now and end of filming with maybe 2-3 days notice. Keep it growing. If they need a bearded extra your set, if not shave away and you're set. At least you'll be keeping your options open.
@USER No you're not. ? @USER Thank U ?
What SONG did YOU listen to TODAY? @USER If I could Turn Back Time by @cher.
I don't know, I can't even lay down and watch a movie or TV in bed. I usually try with background noise , but it doesn't help.
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. That's great! Congratulations! 
Gives me hope TBH!
People think we’ve bough Forster, Bissouma and Perisic for £25m.

We haven’t. It’s £17m as we sold CCV for £8m. @USER We also need to move Ndombele winks lo Celso Regullion Rodon Bergwin Royal on also....
Decent fees for all...Lose our shirt on Ndombele.....Loan most likely there.....
Is this a British thing exclusively?
I thought I was ok with 30+ items, there's plenty of self checkouts and rarely a line. 
The lack of lines probably makes it ok. A basket is the max at a self service checkout. We’re not talking about those full sized self service ones with a conveyor belt though, they’re literally meant for trolleys.
Knew someone who worked in a bank, their hands would get black with dirt after handling money. Physical money is fully gross.
What is most surprising about your favorite NFL team through 2 games? @USER Just beat The Bengals, Cowboys Linebacker Core is a Beast!
I once saw a documentary called the Iran Job. It followed a basketballs players journey and at the same time observing the social situation. A question was asked to a young lady on why she shouldn't leave Iran for a country say US. She said something like this..
"if I go abroad , I get freedom. But this freedom doesn't belong to me and I didn't try to get it. I want to be here and change the situation". Going by the state of Iran right now, he didn't change the situation.
It's official now!! I am absolutely delighted to announce that I will join  @USER as an Assistant Professor under the Ad Astra fellows program, starting September 2022. This is the start of a new and very special chapter, a dream that comes true! (1/3). @USER  @USER Great news. Congratulations!
So our slouching Business Sec  @USER evades Parliament &amp; finally makes critical major announcement re urgent #energycrisis support for businesses via video &amp; press release. Blatant avoidance of scrutiny exposes his false posing as one who respects tradition &amp; Parliament. @USER  @USER  @USER And what can  @USER do? Nothing!
What a terrible article but its NewsCorp so what did I expect.
>• Since 1985 average full time wages have increased 4.3 times, from $20,644 to $88,140.
>• Capital city house costs have increased 8.2 times in that period, up from $72,827 to $596,986.
>• The proportion of household income spent on mortgages climbed from 28 per cent to 36 per cent.
>“In all honesty, it looks like it is going to get worse from here for new buyers,” Mr Cooke said.
>“While inflation and wage growth have been painfully low in recent years, the value of property just keeps going up.”
So they admit that it's worse and going to get worse.
>Younger generations faced new spending categories such as smartphones, internet and subscriptions, Mr McCrindle said.
Everyone goes out and buys a new phone every year that costs under $1k, an internet connection that's maybe $50 a month and subscriptions... like magazine subscriptions from the boomers days (I know it's not what they're talking about but they're not new things 'subscriptions'), and that's why they cant afford a house? 
>Boomer parents were sympathetic towards their children’s housing struggles, Mr McCrindle said.
>“A lot of Boomers say ‘I couldn’t afford to buy where I currently live’,” he said.
>“It’s their children priced out of the market and they’re happy to lend a hand.”
Ah, great so there's no problems at all. Screw all the people without well off parents, or without any parents at all. Scrap negative gearing, add capital gains tax and then cross your fingers and pray. Thats my hope. I certainly don't have better answers.
Plague, Inc.  100% fucked. Hahhahahahah. That is just the real world rn.
@USER Can’t there be any Exception ! 

I have been going there since I was a kid and I no for a fact that nearby there are lot of homes of Priests and it has never touched a pet and it used to move from one pond to other. @USER  @USER Subbayya Rai, a bhakt started to give a hen to eat every month as a sacred ritual. After his demise ritual stopped and since from that day Babiya didn't eat any chicken/meat, only ate temple naivedyam of Sri Anantapadmanabha swamy of Anantapura!
I can understand the frustration towards Bruno Fernandes, but to HATE him and send him abuse is just WEIRD!
He’s an EXCEPTIONAL player, tries things others don’t and when the come off is beautiful to see.
Hence the Assists &amp; Goals.
Class Act. Love him me!
#MUFC #ManUtd. @USER 100 per. Cent. He didn't have a good season but no one around him ran into good positions either. It's hard to pick people out when they're stationary.
Peak TV ratings during Queen's funeral
BBC1: 19.5m
BBC2: 2m
ITV: 5.3m 
Sky News: 934,000
BBC News channel: 831,000

Combined peak of around 28.5m viewers on main channels, final figure will be a bit higher. Excludes streaming.

Massive audience but smaller than Euro 2020 final. @USER Also the euro final was only on 2 channels so not really a fair comparison but still it had more!
Abuse of teachers and school admin (particilarly female staff) is chronic. Most of the article is behind a pay-wall, but the first few paragraphs are suitably appalling.
@USER i like iced. @USER W or.w out sugar ,?
Just wait until we beat Modi. None of you will be able to show your faces in society.
Burn their names into memory. 


NV Ramana


SK Kaul


Subhas Reddy


BR Gavai 


Surya Kant


Along with Bobde. 'Nuremberg trials', can't wait more for that day!
Cluster headaches are some dose. 
Had everything checked and all grand, but they really know how to knock the shite out of ye. It’s a pretty intense jolt. @USER Did you try eliminating sugar from your diet , it worked for my sister she was getting desperate migraines.
It's jokes like this that makes this my favourite sub - stuff Americans won't get. Can confirm, am American, don't get it. That's okay
New England is best England.
The blame put on women for not stopping themselves from being raped will never not shock and disgust me. @USER It’s disgusting,some men are predators and they will do absolutely anything to rape a woman,dirt bags of the highest order. Ian.
Idk, i can't help, maybe call someone to help but i suck at help them. Maybe u could just use your arm and wrap it around the bullys neck and pull him down then beat the crap out of him.
आजकल के लोग गाय चराने में शर्म
 और कुत्ता घूमाने में गर्व महसूस करते हैं. @USER Right.
@USER that is a very very sweet paintjob, mate! @USER Thanks, that means a bunch coming from you!
If you could pick your FAVOURITE thing from ANY #SQLBits event, what would you choose?

????☕️? @USER That time, when a huge curtain reveal the whole fun fair at SQL Bits Party Telford.
जय श्री राम! हे तुमचंच सगळ्यांचं हँडल आहे. म्हणून, तुम्हाला प्रत्येकाला आज मी 25K वेळा मनापासून धन्यवाद देतो. नमन..? @USER Congratulations ?
Ok to stock up on Mi Goreng? Mmm. Might need to stock up myself first.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ??‍♀️.
Two most difficult areas in counseling in medicine -
1. Convincing a patient with widal positive test that they don't need an antibiotic
2. Convincing patient to start/switch to insulin when the situation demands.
#MedTwitter
Any other issues frequently faced in counseling? @USER Convincing patients tht severe depression ( with or without psychotic symptoms) is not the time to go for therapy and needs meds?
Is TikTok destroying civilization? Some people think so. @USER It is more dangerous than people think!
@USER Labour is finished thanks too Keith and his mates ??????? @USER Who’s Keith?
Crown in Perth - unsuitable to hold a casino license
Crown in Melbourne - unsuitable
Crown in Sydney - unsuitable
Star in Sydney - unsuitable
Star in Brisbane - unsuitable

IDK about you, but this feels systemic. @USER They are Australia’s most successful laundromats.
BREAKING: Harvard’s top Constitutional Law expert drops bombshell, declares that “it’s impossible NOT to indict Trump for violating the Espionage Act,” and that the Attorney General now “has no choice” but to lock him up in federal prison. RT IF YOU THINK TRUMP MUST BE LOCKED UP! @USER In just hope the people that make that decision see the same danger!
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER C. 12MP
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
That’s America now. It starts of with a bit of prejudice (like trans in the army) and mutates into policy signed off by the great one. It’s disturbing watching people have their rights stripped from them. Maybe this ban is just another of those prejudices to policy, be careful. Wonder who downvoted your comment.. seems like a reasonable concern.
All the Paddington Bear gifts and marmalade sandwiches the Queen received reminds me of the time I said that the snow baby ornaments where kind of cute to my mum, then she told everyone and for the next fuck ton of years every fecker bought me snow baby ornaments. @USER That’s snow joke! Has it left you a bit flaky?
The government response to the massacre was appalling and disrespectful to the victims.
There should be laws preventing the public office enacting Terrorist Manifestos into law and fulfilling the homicidal fantasy of such people. What are you talking about? What manifesto was made into law?
PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.
Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons: 


Rule 3: You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".


Rule 3: Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.


Rule 1: You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  The question must be a full sentence.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".


If you have any queries or concerns, please feel free to contact the mods. Thank you.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns. Fuck off.
I keep forgetting to put a #Gardening Lol. @USER  @USER Hahaha ?
Fuck carlow they beat me in the feile when I was 13. They all looked like 30 year old men. We have to win a match in football some how.
What van would be acceptable for you? 
WE know what a Union flag is you patronising twat. Triggered much?
I upset people every time I point this out but Murdoch is going out of business because people aren't consuming the "news" from his fiction factory.
Not only that but Australians don't pay attention to news in general. And when we do it's for the sport or the weather. We're the least likely to consume news in the Western World, and even then we're the least likely to believe what we read or are being told.
The influence of media outlets on the Australian public is well overstated. We simply don't care. You see you say that but then every time I make the stupid decision to check the comments section on any politics or climate change post on facebook, it's inundated with people making the same Murdoch talking points. For a country that supposedly doesn't pay attention to the news, we sure do a good job of parroting what one of the largest media monopolies on the planet want us to parrot.
I remember a buddy of mine showed me a snuffpage when i was 9, saw some shit no 9 year old should see, worst was the picture of the gutted corpse of a women with a mans cock penetrating her so that you could see the cock go through the vagina and pop up again inside the gutted part of her abdomen, that picture is still clear as day. That kid wasn't your friend if they were showing you stuff like that, I'm sorry to say.
Ah, looks like BJP is going to lose Bengal as well.
This man loses the BJP elections in every state he interferes in, and then tries to bribe MLAs. I hope so. I know there are a lot of Hindutva trolls online but I've noticed a lot with Bengali names, and they don't look uneducated/unemployed.
@USER That's shocking. @USER At least it’s free of charge.
In Oz we call crisps, chips and chips, hot chips. Hard habit to break. But crisps aren’t hot.
Lucky that Queensland couple got some wine delivered to them while in quarantine on that ship, clearly it wasn't a serious situation. You got trolled. Never happened.
I know it’s dumb but I’m truly convinced Jar Jar Binks was supposed to be the villain of the Star Wars prequels but George Lucas changed it at the last minute. He actually did because people hated jar jar.
Can understand PM expressing condolences on the death of MSY but why are random RW guys crying bucketful! @USER You are a good question.
"Fancy a lighter option?  Swap out the bread for some salad"
Don't do this, just don't.  After all, a chicken fillet roll is not a chicken fillet roll without the roll. Want a vegan option? have a salad.
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER ?????? funniest thing I’ve read today ??????
Is Elon Musk buying Twitter or not? @USER No.
I am about to share something that is so shocking to me that I feel I need to simply share the information, and then withhold comment until I can fully process…. @USER Lol. Another misinformation in 3,2,1….
@USER  @USER Ye farrey word maine bhi pehli baar suna tha khushi se??? @USER  @USER Same here ? Many other desi words too like ramanchi , paala (side) etc.
Two weekends in a row upcoming in Croke Park. What an exciting time to be a  @USER supporter! ?? @USER  @USER We'll be broke with Clare GAA this year! ?
@USER Absolutely scandalous pricing and can't believe they even charge postage! @USER £5 delivery for standard shipping and a week delivery time ?‍?
The guy accused of cheating at chess using vibrating anal beads might also explain Irish dancing. @USER Jaysus ?
I don't know, I can't even lay down and watch a movie or TV in bed. I usually try with background noise , but it doesn't help.
Wrong step.. Hear me out..
The stupid priest want to create a connection between the cooking and the periods. Periods are OK. Cooking is ok. The portrayal of connection is bad. By organising this, they associated food with periods thereby highlighting the connection. Its the same as we have shit in our stomach too all time and we eat food from mouth. But we never choose to notice this fact bcoz this connection is not that good to think on. The stupid priest won in a way. No priest would tell you to not cook food because you shat that day.
But they're not in power. Don't we how it could be any worse with sinn fein in power but hopefully we see soon.
0800 double 0, ( fill in blank). Oh no...
@USER What the fuck did I just watch. @USER Pure inspiration.
@USER What is the sense of the job DeSantis is doing wrt hurricane recovery?  Does she have an opinion? @USER Honestly, he seems to be doing well there, to her, and even my, perspective. He’s not dumb and decent in a crisis. But, it’s his views and lies that got her.
BETRAYAL 
That's why AAP comes out as worst in this whole issue.
Congress wants to win LS, and they didn't hide it.
BJP wants to destroy democracy and establish Brahmin Patriarchy and they are not hiding it.
~~AAP~~ Kejriwal portrayed  himself as savior and a hero, one who fights for 'AAM AADMI' and when we needed him the most he showed his true colours, hiding in his cave like a snake in complete silence, Enjoying his CM ship for next 5 years, their would be another jumla the next election comes. A true politician.
You can check my comment history, I called him hero time to time and i know many of you too. Well, let's see how it all unfolds. I am not sure what the end game of AAP is, or what they were thinking when they didn't step up for the violence or let this sedition case happen. We will know in time. As said, AAP is another political party and is no different than others. That being said, perhaps someone should clariify exactly what made them take these decisions.
There goes any hope of having any bandwith at all left over tomorrow. Plenty of capacity at INEX. 
If your ISP is shite, then either change, or harass them for a presence on INEX (If they are not there).
Eh carra you got shit banter for a scouser fucking hell la you been hanging out with Neville too long oasis piss all over the Beatles how many times did they do knebworth. @USER Piss all over the Beatles??? U should b flogged fr saying such tings, n ur dreams Liam, U are overrated, the Beatles ar not, end of.
Is there a sub for finding gem stones? Dunno. If you find it let me know.
@USER Im so proud of you. I think its going to help your bipolar a lot. Congratulations. Im here if you ever need me. My dear friend, Never Ever Give Up. The miracle is right around the corner. ❤❤? @USER Thank you so much for taking the time to just be there, you have a friend here if you ever needed me, this job is what I needed, I feel so amazing l, all the stress of my old job was killing me.
@USER  @USER 
#FlipkartDoglaHai 
Again it happened, the delivery boy is asking me to come for self pickup, no action is taken from the flipkart side. They mark all my issues as resolved.
 @USER 
 @USER 
@hafizsd. @USER  @USER 
#FlipkartDoglaHai 
#flipkartscam 
Going to raise a complaint in the consumer court, please do comment if any one else wants to join with me.
@USER ??? you're there, Mel! 3lbs is just heavy socks, really.  It's a lot of hard work, bless. May you always be healthy ? @USER It has been hard work but so so worth it.. thank you ? 

Gonna weigh next week- naked. ???
Seriously, why are there SO MANY CREDIT SCORE APPS now?! Is there some sort of crisis I'm not aware of? Are brits really that shit with money? I need answers! The law changed with GDPR meaning the credit reference agencies were obligated to give you access for free. Previously they could charge some admin fee.
So to recoup somewhat, and deal with the cost of all the extra people wanting their information they decided to try to monitise a bit more. Sometimes you pay them directly for something, sometimes they sell you to loan companies. That sort of thing.
@USER You look a little uncertain about it. @USER Cutting much shorter than it’s been so that’s the face!! Plus jet lag tiredness.
Google Maps only asks you for feedback on its navigation when it knows it did a good job.
I use navigation all the time, and I find that when it gets me to the destination on time or earlier than predicted, I get a notification asking to rate the trip. But if it gets me there after it originally estimated, I never get that notification. It wouldn’t be difficult to program this into the program, so you’re likely correct. Google probably figures they don’t want to ask you right after they did a bad job.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Sir, thanks for the information. We have informed PCR-112 for further action in this regard. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nothing happened and neither any PCR were came. What type of complaint you did?
@USER Isn’t it in our darkest hour that we most need the light. ? #Creeslough. @USER That’s true Joe….
Yes. You sure? I haven't heard anything.
I remember this is when my family and I made the move to Brisbane from UK. it was a bit of a culture shock but there is something special about how 90s Australia felt. I loved going going to an outback school, we ended up in dalby. Guys did 'lappies' in the main street. Underage drinking at Marys pub. (not condoning it) Cigarettes will kill you,  MGF, Regurgitator, powderfinger Recovery, custard. nirvana, foo fighters, Pearl jam, yes spice girls lol. Superjesus was my first concert when I was 18 and living with friends in the late 90s. Livid festival.  I used to mosh! Holy crap lol. Mates I made.The balmy house parties in suburban Brisbane at uni. $1 drinks.  my flatmate watching dawsons creek, going to Lions games with her. Jason Akimanis and Luke Power.
most of the 90s I was at school though. In dalby I remember the Great Locust Plague of 1994. And the mouse plague of '93. National anthem at school assembly. heartbreak High, Drazic, X files, and my friend and I used to make cheesy Mulder and Scully birthday cards. Jimeoin and Bobs cooking show. Aussie comedy. four weddings and a funeral. Listening to Lawsie on the radio with my dad on holidays. riding around town on my bike, dropping in on mates. art class. it was the only one I really liked I think, and English, drama. I remember backchatting teachers. Cross Country runs in 35 degree heat. Celing fans. Lynx deorderant. chatting with my best mate outside school for ages about Ab Fab. we gossipped about teachers like Mrs Brown 'how now brownnn cow' as we watched her drive off in her "Toorak tractor" we used to say. (its ok, bitchiness was deserved),internet got connected in my house when I was in grade 12, I thought it was the biggest deal to be able to chat to a rando across the world.  school camp at Tallebudgera where apparently everyone isn't scared of heights except me. a bat flying into our cabin. my friend screaming. bahaha. Electric blue streaks in my hair. (18) because I thought that was cool ha. qcs exams. excitement about moving out. the last week of school.  yearbooks and saying goodbye. two girls wore the same dress to the year 12 formal and it was awkward.  schoolies. sorry for the punctuation, good thread. Best reply ever.
PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.
Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons: 


Rule 3: You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".


Rule 3: Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.


Rule 1: You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  The question must be a full sentence.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".


If you have any queries or concerns, please feel free to contact the mods. Thank you.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns. ?
@USER Cricket match ke liye rain Gods have taken a break. ? @USER Kab hai ye game.
You can report them I'm pretty sure. Is it the ombudsman, all youd need is the plate and the time. problem is gardai ombudsman does fuck all, guessing the same for some other ombudsman but even more with the gardai one.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Do you want them to betray their manifesto like the Tories do.
Bloody Dutton’s comments at the end just fill me with shame and despair - what a complete c*nt. I'm just glad we dodged the bullet of that mini 'tator becoming PM.
The wealth of the top 1% increased by $6.5 trillion last year.  It's not radical to tax the rich. It's radical to let a small group of oligarchs hoard that much wealth. @USER Past due.
@USER Many congratulations. @USER Thank you sir.
@USER Your collars are absolutely gorgeous ?? @USER Oh wow thank you.
@USER That depends on the way one interacts with the other, right? Besides, a person behavior depends on the context. One me be arrogant online, but may be a timid person in real life. One may be arrogant with their acquaintances, but may be a sweetheart to their friends and family. @USER You have explained this very well. In fact, many people look at our  image and judge everything, but in real life, not everything is like that.
I'm wondering if we've been to the same Coober Pedy or if there's another one in not familiar with. Yeah, like, what a shithole. If I never returned it'd be too soon.
11 GOP AGs just asked 11th Cir. to side w/Trump &amp; Cannon over DOJ — not by arguing law or facts but by saying Biden’s gov’t dsn’t deserve the usual deference due Executive, just as Cannon said Trump deserves better treatment than other people! So much for equality before the law. @USER They should all lose their job.  #VoteBlue.
@USER Thank u? @USER Most welcome ??
For the record, The US is a disgusting 54%
edit:* of their total discetionary spending budget, sorry didnt realise this was a % of GDP.
It is 17% of their total budget at an eye watering $718 billion. 
But only about 3% of their GDP. That’s wrong.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER My age, It won’t go backwards.
@USER  @USER Go u!
Sleep is what gets me though the day ?
And my dogs ? @USER  @USER I occasionally indulge in nanna naps, too. ?
Curse Zeus for making me a mortal. Damn you Zeus! Damnnnn yooouuu!!!!! ... Every morning.
Weight gain is more difficult than weight loss ,? change my mind if you can. @USER Pran Jaaye Par Wajan Na Jaaye.
Best Film About Drugs?? @USER Trainspotting

Watching this film at a very young age, I was never interested in trying drugs growing up. So glad I watched it! ?
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER Dreadful..best wishes!
I am a germophobe and ATMs and shopping trolleys definitely make me uncomfortable. Then you don't want to think about bus and train poles, public bathroom doors/knobs (like Central station) and 711 hot dogs!
Jags fans, if you could put any former Jaguar player (in their prime) on the Jags current roster, who would it be? #Duuuval #Jaguars. @USER Winston Guy Jr. At Strong Safety. Lol ?
Congress seems inactive in Gujarat, but it is silently going to villages and towns and trying to convince people to vote against BJP: PM Modi. @USER Old school.
What's St Pattys? Patty is a burger. So I think it's "Saint Hamburger Day".
Or hand sanitizers on amazon sells for £14, LITTLE FUCKING BOTTLES. If you fancy making your own it's relatively cheap and easy. All the ingredients are cheap and in stock in eBay and Amazon.
I've ordered enough to make a litre + and bottles to put it in for around £30.
WHO Recipe:  URL.
We are in Melbourne and nothing has changed at all. Went to Woolies today, no dramas. ??‍♀️. Stores were busier than usual and I did notice some things were low in stock. But nobody going nuts, queues weren't too long. 
We've been buying extra bit-by-bit for a month now and are stocked up. I figured even if the outbreak wasn't going to be a big deal, other people might disagree and clear shelves at some point.
@USER Now why all of a sudden you are changing your mind? As a priest texting a priest, I do not trust you Father. Sorry! Your first statement was the real Fr. Vu the second statement was just a cover up. By the way your second comment, is a little of what I texted. @USER Fr, I made a mistake. I was tried to tell people not to argue with me about Vatican II &amp; Pope Francis. Some accused me for not want to dialogue or be friend people. I just wanted people to know they can be my friends if they want. It is okay if you don’t trust me. I wish you well.
@USER This looks like an approaching apocalypse ! @USER Now its gone!
@USER But does Janice work there? @USER Should have asked.
If you're in a city with time to kill, what's the first thing you do? @USER Walking tour. Ideally a food tour, if there's time.
The government needs to urgently put out an ad campaign on how to cover your coughs and needs to make it clear that it’s antisocial behaviour. Every time I go out 99% of people cough into the open air. I’m just amazed at the ignorance of people. They probably don’t wash their hands either. Can confirm. I'm in Perth and I swear whenever I'm in a public bathroom half the people walk straight out without washing their hands.
Pokemon Sword, so pretty good since I never get hurt and there are revives and potions everywhere. Peaceful life, eh?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER We will try to make it to run daily. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hello Team,
Can you please try and co-ordinate with Railway and to provide  stoppage on Chalisgaon, Pachora and Jalgaon Jn. ?
It will help a lot to these area passengers.
It's humble request.
Thank You.
Outsider here. Curious what makes all these places shot Holes in your eyes.
I’ve visited Ireland for a total of about six months and  nothing really made me think shit hole. 
When I hear shit hole I think of Detroit and derelict steel town types around the states. Shithole in comparison to other places in Ireland. Why would we compare it to Detroit, a place practically all of us have never visited. It's like saying Carlow isn't a shithole because there's worse places in India or Africa. 
That being said I personally don't think Carlow is a shithole. I lived there for 5 years and my hometown of Arklow is a shithole in comparison.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER The whole Nation needs to go on strike… except for Bankers and Energy Corporations of course???
I couldn't believe it when I watched him say this in question time.  What an absolute numpty.
Not only what his stupid joke unfunny, he repeated it again the next day with a smug face, looking back at his colleagues as if he was a school yard bully.
What is wrong with measuring how happy a society is instead of just looking at monetary figures?
I think it's a great idea in this modern age.  We could use the results and data to focus funding on improving quality of life for people instead of just looking at the books.
It's a no brainer yet this clown and his party are taking the piss out of a great idea simply because it came from the ALP.
If you do not accept an idea from an opposition party and at least consider it, then you are not running the country to benefit its citizens. More evidence the  LNP are sociopaths.
African Greys are supposed to be really smart and friendly. And how much are we looking at for one of these.
The cow lovers sprinkle cow piss. How do communists 'purify' a place? By killing the bourgeoisie either financially or even literally.
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER That's Amazing Elaine. I'm so happy for you, your son &amp; the rest of the family who no doubt are celebrating this amazing achievement. ❤️.
Putin bragging about modern nuclear weapons whilst sat in front on 1970s phones. Knob! #skynews #RussiaInvadedUkraine #Putin. @USER They looked like the ones in the Stasi museum in Berlin.
@USER We don’t need this crap here!  @USER time for an inquiry in to media diversity and dominance. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes an inquiry from a left wing government to crush all media that isn't blatantly left wing because we care  about diversity and democracy ?
Anybody got a parking pass they won’t be using for Sunday’s Titans-Raiders game? @USER If the Titans man up and win this weekend, they’re right back in it this season. It’s way too early to write them off completely! But my confidence is low after what we saw the past two weeks ?

Colts vs Chiefs
Jags @ Chargers.
@USER ఎవరు అవునన్నా కాదన్నా నల్లగొండ జిల్లా ఫ్లోరైడ్ భూతాన్ని తరిమికొట్టింది తెరాసనే... @USER  @USER Yes it's true.....Jai KCR Garu.
They might have been right. Probably.... But not for this reason.
Who would have thought that the humble Henry Hoover would be responsible for our planets interplanetary diplomacy!? Henry Numatic.
Foxtel acquired alot of the sporting broadcasts, and given the low take up rate of their product, ut has has had a detrimental effect on most sports in Australia, as coverage is limited to sports bars and mad keen arm chair fanatics. I didn't watch cricket on TV in the 90s and early 00s, but even I knew the names of most players back then. It's always been casual viewing around my circles, but like many, I wouldn't pay for premium TV to watch it. This,
As soon as a sport it goes Foxtel it goes bust.
I Use to follow NBL and went to the games when it was on free to air.
Nup after that.
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Beattles: Elenore Rigby &amp; A Hard Day's  Night.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Varisu
Thunivu
Adipurush
Mega 154
NBK 107
????
Pongal 2023. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER TN. Only thala thalalay.
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER Congratulations.
We have someone who whenever their car moves uphill (our entire neighbourhood is on a series of huge hills), it lets out an incredibly loud and constant screech. Been like that for months now. Fuck knows what’s wrong with their car but I wish they would fix it at least out of courtesy for the neighbours. We have one of those boy racers with a big exhaust on his car and everytime he passes our house it sounds like someone is knocking on the door.
Honestly there's this bizarre attitude with pharmacy staff that anyone who knows annything about these drugs must be a drug dealer or something.
They have the same attitude with codeine/rikodeine.
I'd wager they did have it but just wouldn't sell it to you. TBF Codeine shouldn't be commercially available.
I like that people always are worried that Epstein was murdered instead of suicide. What if this was a ploy to cover up that he just escaped or paid his way out of prison? Well considering his cell mate was Nicholas Tartaglione I’m pretty sure Epstein was murdered.
@USER  @USER For what it’s worth, the best way to work a belly off is calorie counting. @USER  @USER It is just some beer, most of the fat has been worked off by running behind Boyzilla who is getting damn fast now!
It’s one of those days where I have deleted more reply’s than normal … it’s a case of ?…. @USER I'm glad I haven't tweeted much today?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I frequently find myself lowering my butt towards the seat where Bella is, thinking she will move…

And yet…. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER If she's anything like mine, she will be sitting with her paw poised to speed dial Cats' Protection.......
Bugger no dunny paper oh well courier mail will have to do. Just remember to crumple, roll and crumple. You dont want to end up with "Murdoch red ass syndrome" Its bad when your ass looks like his face.
@USER My 7 year old son would buddy up with him in a hearbeat. He always asks me if hes "weird" because he doesn't like what all the other kids do.  I say hell no, you do you always!!! @USER ? love this.
I'd respect him more if he didn't send India down the Soviet path to collapse instead of the South Korean path to growtj. No thanks
 URL 
Atleast the indian government didn't force our women into sex slavery for the Soviets. Rather be poor than deal with this shit.
4 or 5. Nothing else qualifies. When hot rub some butter on them and let it melt. Mmm. Correct answer.
It makes me wonder why don't they put headlights on gimbal mountings so they stay horizontal irrespective of dips and slopes in the road surface. They can do it with steadicams - why not headlights? The headlights need to be level relative to the slope of the road, or they will be too high when coming downhill and too low going uphill.
It's not an exaggeration to say that Australia has been slowly creeping towards ideological totalitarianism. As the media landscape shrinks even further, I despair that we may drift even further to the right as a nation with an endless stream of corrupt neo-liberal sociopaths in charge for the foreseeable future. It's always going to be "our" fault for voting them in.
Never their fault for being corrupt PoS that shouldn't be near government at all.
@USER  @USER Congratulations. I’m happy for you! Not only because you are free from that situation but because of the strength that you have gained. The person that you have become. Our experiences and decisions can make us or break us. Congratulations on refusing to be broken! ?????? @USER  @USER I really appreciate that. And I love that quote. “On refusing to be broken”.
Hii

Good morning ❤️? @USER Mere pss masg karo..!
jaysus please don’t trap me here. Sorry, you’ve been infected, we must contain the spread of Carlowism as effectively as possible lest we all catch cases of mediocre GAA teams. A hit team is hunting down Saoirse Ronan as wee speak.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER ? hugs.
By slashing oil production during an international energy crisis, Saudi Arabia is aiding Russia's war on Ukraine and adding to pain at the pump.

Continued U.S. dependence on Saudi Arabia is a threat to our national security.

And our dependence on oil is a threat to our planet. @USER And now the Saudi own America's largest oil distillation plants.
@USER I'll definitely never will miss lol. @USER I was ctfu when I saw that ????
Hi Hindu, I'm Dad. Hi Dad, I'm Hindu.
You'd be an absolute legend if you get everyone 2 weeks off. They'll make it up at Easter.
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The years of self-destruction?
Wow my name is Sapphire and I didn't really even know they came in green...
This is embarassing. Nice try u/byepolerbare. We can all see your name above your comment.
They should get over it, since they’re not in highschool anymore, and can no longer compete in highschool track. They missed their chance and should move on. Is there anyway to run as a sport in college or beyond?
Wrong question. Western cities have a dramatically higher per-capita civic spend. Indian cities get by on a fraction of those budgets. 
You wont claim that Bill Gates is more environment friendly than you because he makes space for a 100 trees in his home. 
Western cities 'look' beautiful because they can afford massive budgets to maintain them. Indian cities dont have the luxury so everything is utilitarian. This is such a bullshit argument. Beauty isn't spending money on ornate 17th century French design. It's about good workmanship, carefully made and executed plans, ergonomics, clean and comforting colour choices etc.
Hell, some of this can be enforced with municipal codes and regulation.
Brutalism has been a fashion choice for the past few decades all over the world and India still takes the cake on ugly.
The materials we use right now can absolutely be used to make beautiful buildings. Just get better quality labour and spend some money on a competent architect.
@USER Awwww man! That’s so lovely! @USER I love my father so much. This is why I'm by default soft. And this is why I have the faith that I can do everything I touch and sadness will not consume me.

To this minute he wipes my tears.
The only reason why I choose life still.
God knew I'd need one soft thing in this life.
@USER Sending you big hugs Les.  You are doing so well. Send Mrs C a hug from me too xx. @USER Will do.
Welcome to the Tim David era. 

#AUSvWI. @USER I love it.
@USER Oh did they change the name because everytime I see someone post something about Cleveland baseball they are saying “go tribe” “heading to the Indians game” so wasn’t sure if the name change actually went through. @USER No they’re not.
Lol. They said they will demand resignation of HM. 
Aiming for the stars I guess. With that attitude. We still would have been slaves of britishers.
Been working since 16 and I’ve never been promoted in my life. Debenhams, Next, McDonalds, more pubs than I can count, every manager I’ve had rightfully looked at me and thought “you are lucky to even have this job.” 

Until now! Say hello to Birkbeck’s newest Senior Lecturer!! @USER Hello. and congratulations.
Lights it up. This. Source - me. Tried one in Yaxley, Cambs.
Labor shouldn’t be debating whether to ‘tweak’ Clive Palmer’s tax cut from $9,000 to $8,000.

‘Tweaking’ Stage 3 cuts is not the answer.

Scrap the Stage 3 tax cuts for politicians &amp; billionaires &amp; spend the $ on dental into Medicare, free childcare &amp; affordable housing instead. @USER Scrap you and your party.
I don’t masturbate. My seed spills only into your mother. Well isn’t that a nice way to phrase it.
Many interesting things in this map.


Surprising to see Spain and Italy having better life expectancy than Germany and US. 


Chile and Iran performance looks amazing when you take into account the performance of its neighbours. 


Given its GDP, unexpected to see south Africa doing so bad :(


Japan is incredible. Doesn't South Africa have a high HIV population.
Lammy on LBC talking about supporting Zelensky and the oppressed Ukraine, whilst openly supporting the oppressive regime of Israel. Does anyone take the word of these charlatans seriously? @USER Zelensky has banned 11 left wing parties, some over pro-Russia bias &amp; on 17 August, Zelenskyi ratified Law 5371, which removes rights for workers at small and medium-sized companies but aimed at the World Bank-IMF asset stripping to come. Lammy, politically &amp; morally bankrupt.
Why though?, did she go anywhere is she Italian or Chinese,  the fuck. Just get out of there and do them for racism. Unacceptable. My mam is a supervisor for care assistants in the local area, she's not been on holiday and she's white British.
She's living with 2 other people so she's going to find out if they have had the same email.
How to fuck your business, 101. Petty shit like that puts you on peoples' "never go there' list.
Avoid zero days (do something productive at least once a day) and read (odds are someone smarter than you figured out something you want to know and wrote it down). I’m having an existential crisis it seems I just gotta make sure I keep myself busy I guess.
@USER Congratulations ??? @AshwiniMS_TNIE. @USER  @USER ಶುಭಾಶಯ.
@USER I have two standing and one seated! @USER  @USER Do you still have these?
England shirt £75 on England Store

Free delivery on orders over £20 

10% off with code ESC10 … they then add on £5 delivery ? @USER Saves you what, £2,50??
@USER  @USER I rate this tweet, hopefully we’re saying at the end of the year that the change in coach has resulted in significant improvement for all of them. For me, I’ve been most concerned about Zach Reid and Nik Cox, these are players that could have enormous upside. @USER  @USER  @USER Tall players take time to develop. Takes time for them to build their bodies as they are usually string beans as youngsters.
Gay bar? I mean worked for my friend, or you can have a friend talk to another friend. Meet over social media, perhaps. The nearest gay bar is like an hour and a half away. Haha. I’m trying the social media thing. My marriage just ended and I didn’t come out as bisexual until we were already committed and now I’m just trying to see what’s out there I guess.
Must feel good to be Adama Traoré right now. Who and what.
No need for a leaving cert in a post corona economy. There’s no college course for killing your neighbor and raiding his freezer. Bold of you to assume there will be electricity in the post Corona world.
Said the art mistress to the gardener!! I thought this was funny, showed it to my SO and SO housemates. Non of them got it. Should I just cut my ties with them now. Didn't even now who the black rod is or what a garden entrance could be.
@USER  @USER All fairly untapped quantities. If anything I feel Duzza has the heart and effort instilled so just reckon he’s gonna come on nicely next year. HJ was glowing in 2021 but had injuries this year which clearly ruined his self confidence. He could be anything.
Cox I’m not sold. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes, a fit and confident HJ could be anything.
You look like a stripper. What did she/he say?
Oh my god ... i never thought i would use the F word to describe the fascination my hindu brothers have for Gau mutra ....
My heart is beating out of my chest, my eyes clouded by pouring sweat,  my hand trembles as I type this ..... IT IS JUST A FILTHY  FFFF EEE TTT IIIIII SSSSS HHH .... there i said it .... Daymmm.
Why pay when NATO and the UK do it for free, eh? defending from who exactly ? The Uk has been the only threst to us.
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER I was lucky enough to not watch OZARK until this year so I got it pretty much all at once. It took me two months. Two wonderful months. I loved every character and their “badness”.
Lucky for me I don’t have enough friends for an intervention. @USER yes you do ?
I’d pay your mother to have sex with me. Then I would invest the remaining 7 dollars. Lmaooo.
Muslims are the few sane ppl left in this country. Oh please, let’s not get carried away with such moronic rhetoric!
I think it's harder to make friends as you get older and most of your childhood friendships that you maintain into your 20s and 30s are built in those turbulent teenage years and nostalga plays a big part .
The best you can hope for is drinking buddies after work well that's as far as I will let myself get with work colleges. I’ve thought about thst myself but the unfortunate thing is most guys in my work are older than me, so there’s only so much I can do. Most don’t do anything after work.
@USER Morning Andy. @USER Morning Neil.
No need to worry, that is the manager of Engadine Maccas.
Just a standard days supply. He needs double that for when the sharkies play at home! Everyone knows what Scotty is like on the turps.
She said hello, we said goodbye. Hol up.
Guy is my longtime fb friend. Very measured and rational person. Goes to show what happens to you if you criticize the PM or his riotous followers if you don't have any political backing and you live in BJP ruled state. Lately Barak Valley has become a lot more intolerant.
Carlow doesn't exist. Its just one of those things they put on the map to fill up space. carlovian here, can confirm, is real, but is a shithole.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER Yes
You go and elect a party with that in their manifesto
That's how it works doesn't it ?
They come out with these articles every few days, boomers still bitch how they had it harder. Politicians do nothing and we await the next article to tell us this again. Depressing, but this is what Australia votes for and they will do it again next election, its the "fuck you, got mine" mentality of the old. The News Corp article is a bit rubbish. I'm going to plug this video from the Royal Institute on the topic of young people getting screwed, especially on housing, and how much harder they have it.
He lost the popular vote, he was only elected by 60m votes in a country with 320m people. So he got less than 20% of the "people" to vote for him. Luckily the electoral system is shit so he won. This is a very misleading comment. Trump got 63m votes, but Hillary only got 65m votes. On top of that, not all 320m are eligible for voting, because a large percentage are under 18, non-naturalized  immigrants, or felons.
NOTICE
&nbsp;
SHARMA-JI-KI-LADKI MISSING
This is to inform you that Sharma-ji-ki-ladki working  in catfish.org has been reported missing from December 2019 evening around 7 pm. She is 4'7" tall, medium built. She has a katega scar above the left eyebrow. She was last seen in RDT catfishing innocent boy.  Anyone who sees her or gets any infomation about her is requested to please inform me or sharmaji. u/catwhamen Mera bhi kata tha usne.
I know everyone is saying don't give into the fearmongering by the media, but if you ask me it's pretty sensible to stay the fuck outta Dublin rn. The only two cases are there, and tho they've been "contained" there could be more, especially if they've only tested 392 people. It'll obviously get worse as the weeks go by, Paddy's day will be a melting pot for spreading it even further. It's not looking positive lads.
Fucking hell it's only March, can 2020 just fuck off? >  don't give into the fearmongering 
>but if you ask me it's pretty sensible to stay the fuck outta Dublin rn
....
That's technically illegal, I think? You're signing a legal document under false pretences.
EDIT: I'm not sure if I was right here, but you can't change it for frivolous purposes anyway:   URL. You don’t even need to legally change your name by deed poll. You can change your name and start using it. But if you want a passport etc you need to change it by deed poll.
If he’s in prison in Victoria, Box Hill Institute offer courses. Their teachers come into the prison and meet with prisoner and do lessons and then give them stuff to work on til their next lesson ect and they can get qualifications. Obviously the options aren’t huge but there’s a few good useful courses and if nothing else it’s something to pass time. Thanks but he is in NSW. I should have mentioned in my post.
PC. Oh so you wanna go there.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER हिन्दुओं की गर्दनें कितनी कटीं, घर कितने जले ये भी तो बता दो... गोबरभक्त बहना.. एम्स नहीं जीवन की सुरक्षा चाहिए, सडंक नहीं इस्जाम से मुक्ति चाहिए। #संघभाजपामुक्तभारत. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER हाँ  चमचों  हिन्दुओं  की  गर्दन  करवायें  दिल्ली  में   @USER  ने  दंगाईयों से  पंजाब  में  खालिस्तानी लोगों  से  सच  है  कॉंग्रेस  और  आप  मुक्त  भारत  चाहिए  और  सबसे  ज्यादा   चमचों  से मुक्त  भारत  चाहिए  हमें.
Get fucked. I’m Irish American, she’s right to march by me.
And I’m as Irish as you, bro. You don’t have to be Irish to be Irish. And you don’t have to be Irish to be Irish either. Nan and Pop were born and raised in Ireland and Dad always taught me I was Irish. The Irish never stop being Irish. Why do you think we march in those parades anyway?
EDIT: I’m leaving this here and you guys can downvote it to hell, like I give a shit. It’s not up to you if I’m Irish or not. I know I’m Irish and I’ve got the passport to prove it. If you have a problem with that, you gotta open your fucking eyes and stop being so goddamn judgemental. Fucking telling people they’re not Irish, shame on you. >And I’m as Irish as you, br
You're American ?
Let the events of the last two weeks banish any suggestion that Scotland isn't a vital and integral part of the United Kingdom. @USER I’d sooner banish you, you total numpty!
Looks like a lacewing, nothing to be worried about.
 URL. Quite the beneficial insect, too- often sold in garden stores.
&#x200B;
Much better to use a heap of these guys than spraying poisons around.
Worshiping Elon Musk is fucking weird. @USER I don't even know who  the hell you are, but I can guarantee you that  @USER is not concerned one bit about what you have to say. And for that matter, the majority of Americans don't want to hear your dribble.
Ask Congress leaders if they visited Statue of Unity; those who don't respect son of soil Sardar Patel should not have any place in Gujarat: PM Modi. @USER Those who support RSS don't need to visit statue of unity infact have no right to make such statues sardar Patel wanted RSS to be banned nehru ji ki galti RSS aaj zinda hai.
In the coming weeks or months I will need community groups. Sligo based preferably.
Let me know if you are interested. @USER Tell me more :-).
You know those absolute, defining moments of being young that you just remember here forever, I had one here. 
Myself, sister and parents sat in the front garden of this place with a live band. Late summer sun going down, live music, just life suspended as it was in that moment. happy cake day.
Abuse of teachers and school admin (particilarly female staff) is chronic. Most of the article is behind a pay-wall, but the first few paragraphs are suitably appalling.
@USER You’re a bitch. @USER Yup! You too ???
#SportsCity #Sengipatti_Thanjavur

?If Our Govt Will Announce Sports City in Sengipatti, Thanjavur District. 

?It Will be a Big Boost 2 Central Region Dt's of TN. 

?Then the Long Neglected Delta Districts get Some Attention. Hope Infra will develop afterwards here in Delta. Transportation Facilities

?Trichy International Airport is Additional Bonanza ! 

? Thanjavur Junction is Just 24kms only !!

?TN's 2nd Biggest Rail Hub Trichy Junction is Jus 39km

?Budalur Railway Station in Thanjavur dt is Jus 10km

? Upcoming Thanjavur Airport.
Unfortunately, while Bus Éireann and Iarnróid Éireann accept the Student Leap Card as proof of your student status, Dublin Bus, Luas, Dart and Commuter only accept it.
An Post are usually very good at getting things to the correct person. If you're at 50 Fitzwilliam Street and they send it to 15 Witzfillian Road, I'd say it'll get to you.
There's not much that they can do to trace you, but if the same inspector catches you again, he might call the guards. If you're found guilty in the District Court of deliberately evading your fare (and while the inspector has accepted you acted in error, rather than fraudulently, by purchasing a student ticket you weren't entitled to and gave you a Standard Fare Notice instead of prosecuting; if you've given him a false name and address that is an attempt to evade your fare) you face a fine of up to €1000 plus costs.
What is the reason code on your notice? 
If you appeal it right away it's frozen at the lower rate of €45 instead of going up to €100 (if not paid in 28 days) until the decision is made, so if nothing else this will allow you some time to get the money together. I got a letter from Cadburys with a town that doesn't exist as well as a county that doesn't exist. I've no idea how An Post got that letter to me.
And people that just leave milk/ice cream/random meat on random shelves to go off. They should also be part of the roundup for punishment! Biggest annoyance for me when I used to put frozen food out, the amount of products customers dump in the freezer! Should be charged as theft if caught! Waste of food.
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. The yearly flu kills around 0.07% of all cases.
This kills anywhere from 1%-3% (really, really hard to say exactly the CFR right now).
Both conditions are equally infectious. Which do you think is more dangerious?
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars? song was such a banger.
”...with the economy likely to grow at a rate slower than 5% in the current quarter, any talk of green shoots is just talk. A substantial recovery cannot happen unless investment in the economy picks up.”
In short we all are fucked. And Investment will only come if there is a pickup in demand.
@USER I've read the Bible, thank you.

Who gave Muhammed permission to do all the things he did?

Raping women is part of Islam, it's not what the Lord God commands or has ever commanded.

But he will judge, sometimes in this life &amp; definitely in the next. Don't you fear God? @USER He noting compared to The Bible, you won't find a single verse of the Quran they orders genocide , rape only in the Bible and who gave these prophet's they permission? If you say God, then it was Jesus who you believe is God.
@USER He’s blues apparently but either way it’s the most embarrassing attempt I’ve ever seen. @USER Why would you hit such a legend.
Liz Truss says the chances of blackouts this winter are very slim &amp; there's nothing to worry about.

Buy candles, buy a fuck load of candles. @USER Does Matt Hancock's sister own a candle factory?
Your mum. Haven’t heard that one before.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब.
Bit ridiculous that a by-election isn't called. Why? The replacements list has been utilised.
Because there is a high amount of forgeries of scottish notes south of Scotland. They are are rarer so retail workers are much less likely to spot them as fakes. Don't they train retail workers in how to spot forged notes though? The guy at the corner shop can do that.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Winter to be replaced by autumn soon.
He's speaking the ancient language. Oabf soq6t 69s f siwyr ishrb fuck me daddy jdvdk didve kavsvr7d UConn of e.
Just wait until we beat Modi. None of you will be able to show your faces in society.
Burn their names into memory. 


NV Ramana


SK Kaul


Subhas Reddy


BR Gavai 


Surya Kant


Along with Bobde. 'Nuremberg trials', can't wait more for that day!
Why does Mayo extend into the ocean but everywhere else stops at the coast? Hard to carve the islands of mayo without them breaking off, easier to do 2 stages of relief.
Serves you right for being a degenerate.  Dunking any kind of biscuit is an abomination but chocolate ones are particularly objectionable, specially in these difficult times of coronavirus, Br*xit and Baby Boris when everyone's nerves are frayed.  Have you no consideration for other people? I have a dunking problem. I've tried to quit many years ago but this is who I am and I've accepted that. The melted, gooey chocolate, the soggy base, a hint of coffee mixed into the dark chocolate. It's wrong, I know that but what can I do.
You do realise that to ‘take that on notice’ means that they have to provide an answer, just that they don’t have the information at that time? Yes.
He would have been aware prior to estimates what the questioning would be about.
He either did not prepare or was unwilling to prepare for those questions.
It also means all answers to questions are not "off his head" and are in written form after consulting with other bodies (ie. including potentially the government or minister of the day).
Edit: 
Plus if his responses were standard business, it wouldn't have been reported on by multiple news articles and MPs.
As I dive more into health challenges that are prevalent within my family &amp; friends (heart disease, auto immune diseases, neurological diseases), research points to improving food choices for better nutrient density. Getting in protein, fiber, antioxidants &amp; the vitamins/minerals from whole food/plant food choices can make a huge difference.

 @USER has an amazing book called “How Not to Die”. I’m not saying to follow it directly, but it is definitely worth getting some ideas from.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Take appropriate action taking cognizance of the complaint. #upe101022. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Today is 15th day without electricity and not get any improvement on it and no hope for today also.
 @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  #15days no electricity.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Shame no one will be able to see such a 'crucial' event on TV. Is amateurish streaming on social media which has zero reach among the general public really the best the premier rally in Ireland can manage? Have a look at the NW200 to see how coverage should be done. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hey Say WhatNow, just wondered if you could expand on your thesis description of “amateurish” and the correlation coefficient where you decry viewership as “zero public reach” (in general terms) very interested to discuss and learn from your view point.
At least you’re not upstairs on a double decker stuck on the Redheugh bridge. That’s the stuff of nightmares. As someone who has had to drive deckers across multiple times, I assure you, the driver seat is worse especially when you get a slight side wind, almost needed to change on the other side.
Ben and Liam always seemed awkward. I really like Sally and Erica, I think they’ll only keep getting better. See, I find sally and erica really awkward and forced. Maybe they will grow into it.
Soothing, calm voice. Get them to roll their eyes if you can. So touch their eyes and force them to roll, got it.
Because we as an Indian fighting with each other over religious stuff instead of working towards the growth of the economy. >Fighting each other?      
We don’t really have a choice in that, its a state sponsored contest with the aid of certain media agencies.  
And our regressive culture is helping all this shit.
Pedigree foods are American, you're literally funding Israeli missile drops into Palestinian homes. Reddit is an American website. Your traffic is literally funding Israeli missile drops into Palestinian homes.
Is there anyone else on twitter today that didn't watch any of the pageantry on the TV. @USER Me. No telly. No paper.
Yet strangely the seas are not rising in Sydney Harbour. or anywhere else including the Maldives  URL , this headline is a scaremongering farce.
Your mum. Haven’t heard that one before.
Guy is my longtime fb friend. Very measured and rational person. Goes to show what happens to you if you criticize the PM or his riotous followers if you don't have any political backing and you live in BJP ruled state. Lately Barak Valley has become a lot more intolerant.
Don't know about other small towns,but here it will be about 10 mins of trucks and tractors. So the people at the beginning will be home and eating spuds by the time it gets to the finish line,  so maybe we can just get it done and over with??? I think people are more concerned about the 47 billion tourists on o'Connell street and in temple bar. Not the 47 people at the Cashel parade.... which is why I'll be going to the Cashel parade.
This Saturday is the Brain Tumour Research Walk of Hope, it falls exactly 2 years to the day since we lost  @USER on 24th September 2020, to this terrible disease. I can't believe it will be 2 years. It feels like a life time ago &amp; yesterday at the same time. I'm not setting up my own justgiving page, I'm just going to join in the walk, walk in Gail's memory &amp; ask all you amazing people who have been so supportive to me over these last couple of years that if you'd like to make a donation, then please donate to Elspeths page.
I went off at my JobSearch provider. The one you’re with gets $500+ per jobseeker, only for them to be useless and I still had to find my own jobs anyway. I asked them “What exactly do you do?!”. 
I literally got no help from them and Centrelink pays them to help me! It’s literally a cash grab.
They told me I was rude for asking them what is their purpose?!
Here’s something they keep hush hush, its your right to choose your own JobSearch provider! If you aren’t happy with the support they give you, you can ask for a transfer to your chosen one. The religious mobs are into this rort big time. And even though the catholics were busted rorting the system (claiming shit they didn't do.. on top of doing fucking nothing anyhow) - there was no repercussions whatsoever. Just more cheques from tax system to allow them to keep expanding their rorts.
@USER  @USER This is amazing! Would love to get these in the hands of some  @USER parents. @USER  @USER  @USER We 100% should do a fun taste testing with  @USER pet parents!
@USER what does that mean? @USER  @USER Have you eaten 

Gujarati language.
@USER How right you are Maureen
Your flowers are just beautiful ? @USER Thank you Dee.
@USER If am correct you haven’t reply his/her message that’s the reason why he/she told you that you are arrogant. @USER I thought the same thing.
When you're looking at team sheets, which section to you look at first?

I don't look at the team sheet in order. 

I always go front row.

Then backrow.

Then locks.

Then centres.

Then the rest. @USER I always look at the front row first then locks, then the 7, 9, 10 and 15, before saying a silent prayer ??
Its not always the father. Yes unfortunately it can be either parent that leaves. Sometimes even both.
Ridiculous.
Give them to the crowds and see what comes out. We are a civilised society and mob “justice” is not legitimate form of justice.
Apparently the execution was stayed because the president has not replied to the mercy petition filed by the convicts.
@USER How do you know he's a dude? Is it because he's got a cock? @USER You are an obsessed freak. Seek help.
Admin rights on my office PC. 
Pretty big deal in a school, that. Admin rights on the whole network
(school IT techie).
Knew someone who worked in a bank, their hands would get black with dirt after handling money. Physical money is fully gross.
9/11. Sorry US brothers, but your government (like any other) is willing to sacrifice thousands of civilian lives to keep the war economy going. So did they do it or just let their guard down so it would happen?
So BJP-RSS folk need to fear NSG ? Kinda contradictory no ? Has this guy any shame left.  He should be behind bars!
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER ?????? Well done , relief.
@USER My sister is comma that is your problem, pls add it to make it complete. @USER  @USER ?
Is the unit in the jeans and t-shirt some random dude who walked in off the street, or did he actually attend a wedding in that? He's dancing like a cephalopod...
Pronounces Jalapeno as it's spelled, whenever anyone says stop he starts singing, "rough riders roll", pronounces bologna as it's spelled, pronounced Italian as eye-talian, constantly calling me " honor student" whenever I do anything stupid, "are you sure? Are you positive? I thought you were__!" Etc. Lovely!
Can't get it without being anti-national. It's simple. There are no guys in South India and there are no gals in north India. I have no idea why it's so hard to figure out.
What’s for dinner? @USER Chilli con carne, coriander lime rice and accompaniments ?
@USER Floella Benjamin. @USER Definitely.
@USER  @USER  @USER Oh how wonderful!! Congrats! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Josh! (I’ll never forget how kind you were when I lost my job, which was the exact period in which I was writing this one. It meant/ means a lot!) X.
The theory that there's a cure for cancer out there somewhere. Not a developmental one, but one that has a high success rate, like vaccines for various diseases.  It's probably locked away guarded by heavily armed guards.  Imagine how much money the medical world would lose when an easily accessible cure is put on the market. There's a lot of buzz around these researchers in Cardiff, Wales.UK. 
They stumbled upon a possible cure using T-cells.
Interesting video:
 URL.
Q9. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 front camera?
A. 10MP
B. 5MP
C. 8MP
D. 12MP
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q9) A. 10MP ?

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
Did something last night I never did before while out in Dublin: asked a girl if she's okay going home with the man she was with.

As I was walking behind the couple, I noticed how utterly demeaning he was to her in what he was saying to her and a red flag went up in my mind. @USER Good for you your a gentleman she was lucky she had you to watch over her.
I got a letter from the NHS this morning,
It included instructions in 28 different languages, that's right 28.
Here's a way to save the NHS money, only treat people who speak the language of the country they live in,. @USER A lot of English people don’t understand or speak proper English, init!?
@USER I have filled in the application form from my phone and it isn't clear what I need to do next. Do you have it?? @USER  @USER  @USER can you help?
Any other introverts out there have to work up energy before going out to events by themselves? What do you say to yourself in your pep talk? @USER Not much to say since Ppl will understand your absence.
Everytime the typical vegetarian tries to guilt trip me about my food choices, I point out that the dairy industry is just as brutal and has a similar carbon footprint. I ask them to stop eating milk, dairy, ice cream and chocolates. That shuts them up. You are right. But instead of asking them to go vegan, best to start with yourself :).
That boy at bottom left can't be more than 14 years old. Okay.
@USER No you're not. ? @USER Thank U ?
In the world of #golf

1. LIV enthusiasts claim  @USER is second coming of Christ, the best thing since sliced bread -  IT IS NOT

2.  @USER loyalists claim LIV is a clown show &amp; unwatchable - SO NOT TRUE

3. Golf journalism is dead

4. Strangely, neutral is not an option. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes imagine if you watched both 
Or watched one but did not mind about the other 
Or watched neither but did not mind either.
YouTube told me to. Lol.
एवढया वर्षे झाले ट्विटर वापरते पण like ला चार वेळा प्रेस केल्यावर स्क्रिनशॉट निघतो हे आज समजले ?‍♀️?‍♀️. @USER Ho ka.
@USER How long did that take mate? Home next month and want to do a few climbs with the kids. Did Diamond Hill 3 years ago easy enough but there older now. @USER Up and down in 3 hours but that was going at the pace of the slowest in the group....you'd want to be reasonably fit as it's steep enough in places.
Have three lots of family members visiting at different times today. Don’t intend to leave the house at all, going to sit on my arse and enjoy hot drinks all day, before going back to three walks to school a day tomorrow. My parents want to take the kids to Liverpool today, so might get a chance for some Sunday Xbox. 
I’m halfway through two weeks off work. I totally forgot about work, until now. Il spend the second half dreading going back to work. And, er, where is the mandatory dog tax?
@USER i am living in wonderful bliss having shit all knowledge of the timelines ? @USER  @USER Right?
I know enough to be dangerous about that franchise but not enough of all of that so I’m just enjoying an incredible show.
Mint chocolate chip. hell yeah.
Though you should've already known that Pieter is barely regarded high in journalists circles, lemme go through his stuff again.
The Caravan article is behind paywall, please post full text. This is cited as source many times in his every piece when ever he gives actual links to RSS.
The Quint article is by same author, and instead of providing proof of links, he is again clutching at straws. Not criticizing the RSS doesn't mean she is RSS, by this logic Kejriwal is supporter of RSS backed violence in Delhi.
Rest whole article is just roaming around the point making useless conclusions. And shit like "she used a Sanskrit word, vhp also uses the Sanskrit word, so she's clearly RSS" when conveniently omits the dact that many from  MMS to Pranav Da have used a common Sanskrit word.
Also, the author seems very, very angry about her tussle with Hillary for some reason, despite it's clearly Hillary in the wrong for making baseless accusations against some of her fellow dems to favor her friends.
Intercept is, well, Intercept. No source, no facts, just how they like it.
That said, please post the Caravan article which provides source of the RSS backing & funding as Pieter claims. >Rest whole article is just roaming around the point making useless conclusions. And shit like "she used a Sanskrit word, vhp also uses the Sanskrit word, so she's clearly RSS" when conveniently omits the dact that many from  MMS to Pranav Da have used a common Sanskrit word.
What are you talking about?? What article are you referring to? There is nothing in any of the articles I've posted about Sanskrit words!
What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? @USER Bible study.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER More than a million on the streets of London sounds a lot. But to put it into context more people were on the streets of London this year for both the Notting Hill Carnival and Gay Pride. They planned for more, we were expecting more, they just didn't come.
> health authorities have reminded people that you cannot eat toilet paper
That sounds like a challenge! Said every dog ever. My cat would like to weigh in on this too....she’s ringed barked the loo tree.
David Miscavige, the chairman of the Church of Scientology definitely murdered his wife and is getting off scott free for it. Him and his wife got into a pretty heated argument in 2007, and she hasn’t been seen since. Lawyers hired by David claim she is still alive and devotes 100% of her time to work at the church of scientology, which is why she hasn’t been seen since August 2007. In 2013, a former member of the church had filed a missing person report that was closed after a few officers had “spoken and seen Mrs.Miscavige”, even though there’s no evidence whatsoever of this meeting. All missing person’s reports now are turned down since this investigation is forever closed. The church of scientology is screwy anyway, I wouldnt doubt it.
Sometimes I just want to cry for no reason. @USER Us?
Drakes new album is dirt. @USER Get rid of 'new album' and this sentence works better.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER The whole Nation needs to go on strike… except for Bankers and Energy Corporations of course???
This is really sad. These guys are effectively neutral and independent and provide primary news to most other media organisations. That’s why the real people who control this country deemed they had to go.
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER Both.
3 of my ex colleagues from my previous company quit yesterday, 2 I was on very good terms with, including a guy that was among the top performers who couldn't handle the politics any more.
Meanwhile David de Gea (and Jordan Pickford) are collecting their paychecks.
Another mate (my bestie at work and said top performer's roomie) just spilled the beans today on why HR encouraged me to quit during probation period itself so he could save 185000 for the company.
Sucks. Liverpool lost and I forgot my homie's bday
Sucks.
How the fuck has that anything to do with politics you nutjob. Not everything a politician does is related to their political life. How does the fuck does the minister for housings advisors husband being the Md of a company making millions out of the housing crisis anything to do with politics? 
Do you really want me to have to explain that to you?
Liz Truss has told the BBC that she's prepared to take difficult or unpopular decisions to help UK economic growth.  

Excellent.  When are we rejoining the EU then? @USER What’s this fascination with the eu Never did us any good.
Can we stop putting “natural” in front of “gas”? One of the most successful greenwashing efforts of all time. We don’t call it “natural wind” or “natural sun” - or “natural coal”, for that matter. The nature of gas is that it’s a fossil fuel whose combustion causes climate change. @USER Methane.
redtube. Xnxx.
@USER  @USER Super cute Nani bangaram. @USER  @USER Hi.
It will all be stale ina week too, but the shops will still be open... You can freeze it and it’ll be fine. 
I always have 3/4 loafs of bread frozen, handy if you forget to pick some up or if something happens, like the snow. Unusual but handy a few times a year.
Guy tries to call police on himself. 

Young gent P1 comes to the door. Regular knows we search. Hands over his wallet, boom bag of cocaine . 

B1 “Sorry mate that’s getting destroyed, and you’re not coming in, however you’ve not caused issues before so come back next week and all is forgiven” 
Sounds fair right? 
P1 “ok I’ll go, can I have that back?”
B2 “err no mate”
P1 “ why not?”
B1 “because we’re not drug dealers! Of course you can’t have it back we’re all under cctv and this will be destroyed under camera too”
P1 “ I don’t believe you’ll destroy it!”
(Note: Many people seem to think bouncers either all take or sell gear, it’s not true and even if one of us wanted drugs we’re not gonna trust something that you could have got anywhere and done anything to)
B1 “it’s not my job to convince you of anything mate, been nice, been fair now please listen to your GF and go home”
P1 “ I’m gonna call the police and tell them you’re in possession of drugs”
B2 and B3 laughing I take the lad away from door to chat more discreetly. 
B1” look mate I know your annoyed but you’re saying you’re gonna call the police to tell them we’re in possession of drugs? That we took from you!
P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up. why not give it back to him, it's his property? It's like being in school and the teacher takes away the stuff.
AFP is politicised and ASIO is criticised for warning of rightwing extremists. ASIO shouldn't be attacking the government.
Worshiping Elon Musk is fucking weird. @USER I don't even know who  the hell you are, but I can guarantee you that  @USER is not concerned one bit about what you have to say. And for that matter, the majority of Americans don't want to hear your dribble.
Completed 18 years in Journalism today! 

#WorkAnniversary. @USER Many congratulations ??
Never realised how much I touch my face til they told me not to. I can't stop doing it! I keep touching my lips. Constantly. I don't know if I have always done this.
A nicely brewed Yorkshire tea !! That sentence contains a logical contradiction.
Parents used to go fossicking for gold decades back on weekends, would pull a couple of hundy with a homemade sluice box every trip. Can't remember the exact place - somewhere between Bathurst and Hill End. What I remember most was the absurd amount of flies and red belly black snakes. 
Took the dog with us once. Was sick from all the fly eating. She couldn't help herself.. I've heard Hill end is good for gold. I've only ever hunted there though. Wasn't into fossicking last time I went.
Lowest point was probably the year after high school. My parents had divorced and my mom moved out first after keeping me on lockdown because she found out I was dating a girl. Then my dad moved out to live with my now step mom. I went from having no freedom at all to having absolute freedom, and I did not handle it well. I did a lot of drugs and drank a lot of alcohol. Most of the time, the only consumables in the house wee ramen and booze. I didn’t even care about taking care of myself because I was drunk or high all the time. 
I think the highest point is now. I bought a house last September, got out of an unhappy marriage, my teenager is absolutely thriving, I’ve got a decent paying job, published two novels, and I got back together with that same girl I dated twenty years ago. Things are going really well now. I am really fucking happy for you dude.
We once used coins such as Annas, paise, even half annas! and one could survive a day! 
The rupee used to be made of silver which would be a day’s salary back then, then we made rupee from copper nickel alloy, now steel! I guess we’ll either demonetise one rupee altogether or make them from aluminium before the end of this decade! > We once used coins such as Annas, paise, even half annas! and one could survive a day! 
> The rupee used to be made of silver which would be a day’s salary back then
How old are you?
@USER  @USER Is she related to Dorries? @USER  @USER  @USER Dorris death stare..
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. Surprises me that Hugo Boss would have an issue. I could see Suntory having a problem with them using the name.
Depressed girl ????? @USER Why are you depressed ?
Wash my hands on a regular basis. i would lick the next chinese person i see.
Is it just me or is being raised in a big city (Mumbai in my case) really different from being raised in a small town?
The aspirations and priorities of kids in the 2 aforementioned categories of places are so radically different. Elaborate.
@USER ???
The video speak for itself mate. @USER Very true pal ????
So our slouching Business Sec  @USER evades Parliament &amp; finally makes critical major announcement re urgent #energycrisis support for businesses via video &amp; press release. Blatant avoidance of scrutiny exposes his false posing as one who respects tradition &amp; Parliament. @USER  @USER  @USER And what can  @USER do? Nothing!
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. Exactly.
I hear a lot of people complaining that in LA it's hard to find good friends when the better question is, are you a good friend? @USER Yup I am lol.
Ek din mene JP ko fake birthday wish kiya tha. Sab karne lage. Phir pta chala ki sach me uska birthday hai. Oops! XD 
(Hope I’m right, jp?) O.o. Lol yeah. Coincidence and you got lucky xD.
You just need to know the first line, then mumble along with the rest of us! I still have it ingrained from Irish college.
Any Sam Smith's. 1970s beer and 1990s prices. It's a shame the beer is mostly awful.
They come out with these articles every few days, boomers still bitch how they had it harder. Politicians do nothing and we await the next article to tell us this again. Depressing, but this is what Australia votes for and they will do it again next election, its the "fuck you, got mine" mentality of the old. The News Corp article is a bit rubbish. I'm going to plug this video from the Royal Institute on the topic of young people getting screwed, especially on housing, and how much harder they have it.
Throughout the day (maybe once an hour or so) ask yourself "Am I dreaming?" Then, look around and logically think why you are not dreaming. ("I jump but I am not able to fly. That is my cat which I've had for 4 years. I normally eat soup every day for lunch, etc") Whatever it is, think through it logically.
Eventually, when you are dreaming, you will be able to recognize that you are dreaming because you have done this line of questioning so much. I used to do this and was able to control my dreams because of this technique. Thank you I'll definitely try this.
Human immune system learns through trial and error. The thing is western world is too fragile for Indian conditions, conditions highly optimal for growth and proliferation of infectious microorganisms (which includes the germs). Also we do not have a cold cycle (at least in the parts southern to regions where it snows) which can wipe out almost all of the infectious microbes. In Europe and America, the immune system of the people is not worked out as much as an Indian's immune system. Half of the year the immune system of western population is chilling owning to the environmental conditions favouring humans over microorganisms. 
The memory of the way to defend the  body from the microorganisms (henceforth microbes) is short lived (for about 30-50 days). Hence as soon as the cold cycle ends and the conditions turn favourable for the microbes and all the memory of the immune system of how to defend itself from the microbe is gone. All the microbes are aliens to the body even though there might not be a significant change in the microbes characteristics. Hence there prevention is best and hence the sanitizers , extreme safety precautions etc are brought about.
In case of India where the environmental situation is highly favourable to the microbes than the humans. We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised. 
Hence we can say that we are inherently stronger than our western counterparts.
If theres any query regarding this please feel free to ask me any questions. I will answer what i know to my fullest. >We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised.
There is a little logic to this, but NOT when confronted by a pandemic! This is a new strain of virus which we have NOT been exposed to before, and we have NOT built up immunity towards. By not washing your hands and sanitizing when such a virus is going around, you are being very irresponsible. 
Not washing hands, sanitizing, and taking precautions will only further spread the virus, and it is people with weak immune systems like the elderly, babies and the ill who are most likely to die from this disease. So you may survive, but you also may spread it to someone else with low immunity who will die. SO PLEASE WASH YOUR HANDS!
It’s one of those days where I have deleted more reply’s than normal … it’s a case of ?…. @USER I'm glad I haven't tweeted much today?
Care to be more specific? At the moment you're just asking if anybody's seen a mug. Looking to correct my mistake.
lets get married so we can get to know each other. @USER How they did it back in the day, bonus points if the wife is half the age of the groom.
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. If this is true he’s way smarter than I would want to give him credit for.
True. Back in 1993 or the IM run from 2004-2007, the bombings felt unfair because neither governments nor society supported babri. Babri was carried out by what was seen as a fringe extremist group, but everybody in society paid the price. I have no problem calling those bombings terrorism.
But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism. Government, judiciary, media, police, bulk of hindu society itself - are arrayed against them. If they are forced into a fight they didn't want in the first place, it's not terrorism but resistance. Bhagat Singh might have thrown bombs, but he was not a terrorist - he was a resistance fighter. As a Muslim this is exactly what they want us to do- react with violence on a large scale. All it will achieve is with more innocent bloodshed and allowing the RSS-BJP terrorists to come back to power in 2024 with even greater majority by gaining the sympathy of the majority who will see them as saviors. The Sanghis basically use the Israel model of unity through hatred which works because most Indians(including Muslims) are communal in nature irrespective of educational background. The problem is not Hinduism or Islam. No religion encourages violence or hatred. The issue is the politics of this country depend on the exploitation and brainwash of it's naive population who blindly believe the Divider in Chief as long as he makes bullshit promises of safety and prosperity and no matter how many times he fucks them they will gladly bend over and take it. Hitler used the same type of propaganda the Sanghis use and if people don't think it works- have a good look at the state of this country.
@USER Hope you took your own advice? @USER Course!
There are kettles and toasters that hook into your WiFi that can be set to operate at a particular time or be controlled by your phone however you're still going to have to get out of bed to make tea and butter your toast. And are a security nightmare.
Is Elon Musk buying Twitter or not? @USER No.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ??‍♀️.
Is this to gain sympathy or what? He is a showman, he aint going nowhere. I am sure this is it.
It's the doggy sugar tax. Sugar doggy tax.
@USER Do one in small heath next. @USER The kids here need it plus there's loads of talent in small heath park lool.
It's Reduce, Reuse, Recycle.  
They're ordered that way intentionally, with the most preferred option being reduce, and recycle being the least preferable out of these three options.
With that in mind, I am definitely doing my part, instead of recycling my Brita filter, I have opted for reusing the same one side many many moons ago. Oh I agree, we've reduced and we reuse the things we can. And I recognise that a Brita filter is mostly unnecessary, but given that we use one for now I was pleased to see they can be recycled (and ashamed to say we have binned them in the past due to our ignorance). We also use them for longer than it says on the pack.
Coming to Cincinnati for a couple days tomorrow! Would love to know what to eat, please! @USER @MashRoots_Cincy.
#SportsCity #Sengipatti_Thanjavur

?If Our Govt Will Announce Sports City in Sengipatti, Thanjavur District. 

?It Will be a Big Boost 2 Central Region Dt's of TN. 

?Then the Long Neglected Delta Districts get Some Attention. Hope Infra will develop afterwards here in Delta. Transportation Facilities

?Trichy International Airport is Additional Bonanza ! 

? Thanjavur Junction is Just 24kms only !!

?TN's 2nd Biggest Rail Hub Trichy Junction is Jus 39km

?Budalur Railway Station in Thanjavur dt is Jus 10km

? Upcoming Thanjavur Airport.
If it makes you guys feel any better I live in Manhattan now and people call Staten Island “Trash Island” and “The Garbage People” unironically for this very reason. Even New Yorkers hate Staten Island. Even people that live on Staten Island hate Staten Island. Well at least roughly half.
It's not just a London thing, it's annoying as hell. You just want to tell them it's not gonna fall off! They don't have to keep guard of it just incase haha. Why is someone with there hands down there tracksuit annoying you.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Many congratulations,  @USER bhaiya. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations to you, too-  @USER It was the first #GBD paper we worked on in early 2020.
Ur eyes are pretty cool. Or perhaps your gaming skills are good.
@USER Sir, what have u started? @USER  @USER Coaching classes.
Tonight the thought  @USER is no longer with us is just heart breaking. A decent soul who suffered too much. The news has stunned many of us. We all need to take care. God bless her. RIP. @USER  @USER God bless Aideen RIP ?
@USER Absolutely not but cute. ? @USER Thank you ?
This is the Coalition's policy from the beginning, they obfuscate, blame others and then months after people care they finally admit the truth. This is for everything they do, all conservatives do it constantly.
Every problem caused by them is because of Labor, every bushfire is the Greens fault, every sports rort is a "misunderstanding of the law and in no way corruption", every coal-fired power plant an example of "clean coal", you halve a job and get two jobs for half the price, you get challenged by the media you don't like? They are lying we are telling the truth and their funding has been suspended. Every PM flung through a turntable? The Coalition is strong and some outdated anecdote about the Rudd vs Gilliard Years.
We have a happy clapper running the country, a corrupt and abusive police officer with a major authoritarian chip on his shoulder in charge of our borders. A sycophantic banker in charge of the economy who couldn't give a toss about poor people, a ratty jobs minister who hid behind a whiteboard when asked the tough questions. Yet people still vote for them, people who never have benefited under a Liberal government. People who have been stuck on less and less wages, poorer welfare, limited access to childcare and healthcare and everything they value in their lives but who do they choose to direct their blame towards? The government that has ruined our country for close to a decade or Labor and the Greens?
All these men and women do is get into positions of power and lie constantly, get cushy jobs, have expensive holidays and then they turn around to the struggling people below them and rip up all their support networks and benefits while buying up more and more and more and more and never stopping. Yet people still take them at their word because of the carrot dangling in front of them, vote for us less tax! Vote for us more money! Vote for us more energy! And then they achieve none of it and everyone just accepts they were lied to 4 years ago and everything is different at the next election because it's a different shitty face and name to check off. 
He should just resign, in fact they all should, if any of them had decency they would have tendered their resignations years ago but they won't because they want money and power and to be the elite special class while costing Australians billions and holding the economy hostage. We have given them so much power and sway over us that it honestly doesn't seem to matter to a lot of people in this country that corruption has been accepted as normal and cool. 
For every good politician working in Parliament to give their constituents a better life there are five other monsters working against them and they are winning constantly. These people shouldn't be leading the country, they should be in jail like any other person on the street would be for such crimes. Well said.
Trump was already president and it was shit. He was impeached twice. He drove us into a disease-ridden hellstate of death and unemployment and debt. Then he pretended he won for 2 months and unleashed the kraken of cons lying relentlessly until he incited an attack on the Capitol. @USER  @USER Twice impeached, de-platformed, disgraced, coup inciting madman.
"Sometimes you change the subject, and sometimes the subject changes you." —@TimothyDSnyder. @USER  @USER Common thing when we friends meet ?
Face masks don't help you from catching it said on tv tonight. It only stops from spreading if you have it so no need to wear one. But they're doing it in China so it must work. 
They also slung cats and dogs out of the top floor of apartment buildings, so we should probably start doing that too.
I hate the kind of people that every time you talk to them they’re always trying and sell you something. @USER  @USER Me 2 .. I’m like I’m not interested! You know anyone who wants to buy a PS5 ?
I think it's a serious threat to our society. But I've known quite a few still think it's just a flu. Same. It makes me quite angry that many outlets, including the BBC, previously compared it to seasonal flu, when know that the case fatality rate is much higher. As a result, I’m having a hard time convincing my 75 year old father, who has heart issues, to take it seriously...
PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.
Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons: 


Rule 3: You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".


Rule 3: Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.


Rule 1: You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  The question must be a full sentence.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".


If you have any queries or concerns, please feel free to contact the mods. Thank you.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns. ?
On demand Hyderabad's luxury hostels/pg's/hostels helper.. #Hyderabad

My Charges are below... In note.. 

NOTE : my charge is only ₹999 which is non-refundable and need to be paid before starting the process. If you are OK with it then only WhatsApp or call me on 9000539552. #Hyderabad #SingleOccupancy #doublesharing #womenhostel #menhostels #PGS #payingguest #womenshostel #security #hostel #workingwomenspg #Hyderabad #luxury #hitechcity #madhapur #gachibowli #corporate #Kondapur #mumbai #delhi #noida #bangalore #jaipur #maharashtra #tamilnadu.
We need to build a wall around Leinster. It’s all fun and games now but what if it hit Cork? We can’t take that risk. It wont hit cork because people don't travel to that shithole.
I mean their sausage rolls have actually beat other prize winning rolls in a taste test. I can't believe they've beaten sausage rolls made of actual meat.
पहिला सेट उद्धव ठाकरे यांनी जिंकला आहे नक्की ! 

शिंदे गट अंगावर येऊन देखील उद्धव यांनी फक्त शिंदे गटाच्या शिंगात शिंग अडकवून त्यांनी सेट केलेल्या अजेंड्या पुरते मर्यादित राहायला नकार दिला? @USER Perfect…you nailed it….???
Nyaa~! Daddy I can’t fit that it’s to big uwu~. you need help.
What are you currently learning? ?‍??‍? @USER Javascript.
Spruce trees do fuck all to soak up carbon. That's why their claim that they had planted hundreds of thousands of trees for the environment was bullshit.... it's just for logging. 
Native trees suck it in like a chain smoker. We need more of those. Tonnes of carbon stored per hectare per annum averaged over the rotation cycle of a forest (higher is better) -

Sitka spruce: 3.6
Other conifers: 3.0
Oak/beech: 1.8
Other broadleaves: 2.4

Spruce is significantly better at sequestering carbon than our native species.  Having said that, I'd agree that spruce are horrible in most other ways and I'd love to see forests here planted with native trees.  If we planted more native trees we could make up for the fact that they sequester less carbon, and have some fantastic big forests.
@USER Did no one at #cpfc plan for the inevitability of this? @USER You would hope someone might have done. Risk assessment and all that.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Meat,chips, bread and beer....
pigeons are surveillance drone placed by the government. I’ve never seen a baby pigeon. They just spawn out of nowhere. How often do you see any kind of baby bird?
The first corona virus death in the US was in the town next to mine. Time to ask your crush out now.
Ah be very careful. Going from cooked to uncooked meats in the diet for a dog when they dont have the proper microbiome to help digest it.
My Dad is a butcher and we used to give my dog the best of cuts for his meals but now that he's 15, more cooked food and generic dogfood cause his belly ain't what it used to be. My little sausage dog eats royal Canin, and once ate an entire dead hare on a walk. The head, feet, hair, bones - everything.
I was sure he was going to die/be sick all over the gaff.
Not a bother on him. The divil.
@USER I got some cool ones in Matalan (cream with black stars), &amp; Peacocks, (sloths) ? @USER  @USER Sloths? I NEED some of those.
@USER Gotta get those clicks. @USER Think they just don't have time to digest the slew of online content.
The conspiracy about the music in pop songs nowadays. They have a kind of ring to them and that's what get children addicted to it. Like I'm the song "Middle", and Justin Bieber's "Sorry". They both have a high pitched sound in the background that I believe is the thing addicting people to the songs. It's supposed to be not farfetched conspiracy theories.
Must feel good to be Adama Traoré right now. Who and what.
Coronavirus: Dublin school to close for two weeks as student has Covid-19
Closure ordered after student identified as first case in Republic
A scientist works at a laboratory in Israel trying  to produce a vaccine against  Covid-19. Photograph:  Jalaa Marey/AFP/Getty
Paul Cullen Health Editor
Updated: 2 minutes ago
A Dublin school with 400 pupils is to close for two weeks after one of its students was confirmed as having the coronavirus.
The teenager, who is the first person in the Republic to test positive for the virus, became ill in recent days after returning from Italy and is in isolation in Dublin hospital.
Public health officials have ordered the closure of the school in order to minimise the risk of person-to-person transmission of the disease.
The decision was announced by the National Public Health Emergency Team on Sunday evening.
The team announced the first confirmed case of the virus in the Republic of Ireland on Saturday night. Another case was confirmed in a patient in Northern Ireland earlier this week. That woman had also travelled from Italy and passed through Dublin airport. The Dublin-Belfast train was later sanitised as a precautionary measure as it was believed the woman travelled home on it.
Low risk
It is understood the risk to other pupils in the Dublin school is considered low but the closure has been ordered on a precautionary basis. Students are being told to self-isolate at home and to indicate if they start showing any symptoms.
Public health officials plan to maintain daily contact with the students by phone, and will ask them to indicate by text whether they are showing symptoms.
hospital as officials trace contacts
Parents were being informed of the closure on Sunday evening and a helpline for affected people is being set up.
There is no justification for any other schools closing due to concerns over Covit-19, public health officials have advised. No new cases have been confirmed in Ireland today.
The Department of Health released the following statement on Sunday evening:
“Contact Tracing of the confirmed Covid-19 case, in the East of Ireland, has identified and made contact with a secondary school. The principal, staff and parents of pupils of this school have been notified. Following risk assessment, all pupils and teachers are being treated as close contacts of the confirmed case.
The school will close for the duration of the incubation period, which is 14 days.
All pupils and teachers are being asked to restrict their movements until the end of the incubation period and will receive guidance on the meaning of ‘restricted movements’.
Public health doctors will actively follow-up with all students and teachers on a daily basis over the coming 14 days.
Dr Tony Holohan, Chief Medical Officer with the Department of Health, said: “Contact tracing has assessed that close contacts of this patient includes pupils and teachers of a secondary school. Public health doctors are in direct contact with pupils, their parents and the staff involved.
“Patient confidentiality in this case, and in all cases, should be respected. The Department of Health will provide updated information as necessary.”
The Department of Education said: “The Department of Education is available to assist the school in any way necessary. The Departments of Education and Health are in regular contact. The closing of this school was a decision made on public health grounds after risk assessment deemed it appropriate. All other schools will remain open. The Departments will continue to communicate with all schools on this issue.”
Covid-19 is spread through close contact with an infected person’s body fluids (e.g. droplets from coughing or sneezing), or by touching surfaces that an infected person has coughed or sneezed on.
The general public is advised to follow advice from the HSE and the Health Protection Surveillance Centre to protect their health. What’s with all the students traveling to Italy during February. Was the school in Maynooth had a load of students over there as well.
@USER Weird behaviour there. @USER May be a bit weird to us today, but symbolic breaking of things is a very old tradition!
Just wash your dot out in the shower. starts stocking up on shower heads.
my mom made me watch i spit on your grave (the first one) when i was 7-9. shit was traumatizing. a 7-9 year old watching a woman got raped even though it was acting. What the actual fuck?!?
@USER  @USER અભિનંદન ♥️. @USER  @USER Wah gundes?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aren't they beautiful. xx. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Aren't they just Jo? ?️??xx.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Started as a block of Duke of Edinburgh  stuff. Volunteering I think.

Now there's a whole range of reasons. I think most of all I find it intellectually stimulating and challenging, interspersed with some great moments, memories and bonds.
@USER So cool!! @USER If you ever get a chance Australia would love to have you ❤️??
Avoid zero days, do something that helps you move forward at least once a day. It can be as simple as doing laundry, cooking, cleaning. Whatever, do at least one thing once a day that helps you. 
Exercise 
Read- someone smarter than you figured out what you’re trying to figure it out and odds are they wrote it down.
I got this advice from another reddit post, really helped me. For me it's quite the opposite, I have to throw in some zero days where I can just relax and regain some energy (both for my mind as well as getting some physical rest).
@USER Maine nahi liya ♥️de ?? @USER Too ab loge or to kya ?
It's official now!! I am absolutely delighted to announce that I will join  @USER as an Assistant Professor under the Ad Astra fellows program, starting September 2022. This is the start of a new and very special chapter, a dream that comes true! (1/3). @USER  @USER Great news. Congratulations!
Just stand still and make them walk around you. Arseholes. Even better if they're on their phone and not looking, then with luck they'll cannon into you and drop their life sucking bit of plastic. If they’re on their phone and not looking but coming straight towards you, don’t change direction. They usually look up and move about 2-3 seconds before walking into you.
Red rooster is the fucking worst fast food place by far. Where I grew up there where two one in the major shopping centre and ones about a minute away outside. The outdoor one was always dead never saw a car in the drive thru. But the inside one had a line as long as hungry jack's, almost like people not wanting to wait in line decided to go there which then formed a line. There is a Chinese place, Maccas, KFC and a bunch of smaller food places in the same food court aswell. But always a line at red rooster. Worse than maccas? Sure mate.
@USER Gm my sweet friend happy Thursday to u. Hope u have a amazing day and keep safe and warm. Enjoy your coffee and breakfast . Gd luck to ur tribe tonight. Big hugs ☕️☕️???????? @USER Good morning to you my sweet friend! Lots of rain here. Have a great Thursday and thank you on my Tribe! Big hugs ??⚾️☕️☕️???⚾️.
@USER Catch me if you can ? @USER The man is talking to archery people this week. So perhaps after ten-twenty years of practice? ?
@USER Isn’t it in our darkest hour that we most need the light. ? #Creeslough. @USER That’s true Joe….
@USER He’s blues apparently but either way it’s the most embarrassing attempt I’ve ever seen. @USER Why would you hit such a legend.
It’s a fucking disgrace that we can’t protect the doctors and health staff working in hospitals.
Why don’t they have all the protective equipment? When there is a suspected case, then they wear PPE. When there isn't any suspicion of a case, then they don't wear PPE. What guides "clinical suspicion" are the clinical guidelines... which state things like "recent return from an affected area (China, Iran etc).." Now that we have domestic transmission, it's probable that the guidelines might be updated, which will lower the bar at which doctors and nurses wear PPE.
Sign the Paris Agreement. Weren’t we apart of that then quit?
Weight gain is more difficult than weight loss ,? change my mind if you can. @USER Pran Jaaye Par Wajan Na Jaaye.
Philadelphia is where it's at, we're gay af. Baltimore too. Come on over and be gay with us.
Ah the old 'I've dropped my sweets' dilemma, do you scrabble around and pick them up putting them in the bag because you'll bin them later (liar); do you kick them under the nearest seat or hide them under your feet/bag until you can make a hasty exit; do you break down in tears at the latest shit hand life has dealt you?
Or do you just sit on the floor and eat them whilst making eye contact with all around you daring them to challenge your need for sugary goodness? Five second rule.
read the article!  This place smashed out 80000 cups a year. Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year! This is a good investment. >Expected to boost sales by 20000 cups. Will pay for itself within a year
Uh... $20 profit per cup?
I'll have tap water thanks.
It's so important to post your content to other platforms for growth. You're not going to grow by just streaming constantly and not branching out. @USER THIS IS FACTS!
You are a gift that will help fulfill a special purpose and fill someone's heart and life... God will bring it together - Trust Him! @USER Hallelujah Amen ? ? ?
I take immunosuppressants for inflammatory bowel disease, do you know if that makes me more susceptible? It probably would, even the fact you have an autoimmune disease might. But I wouldn’t ever stop taking them, the reward here far outweighs the current risk.
Just keep regular hand hygiene and ask people around you that if they feel they may have been exposed or have any symptoms that they keep their distance from you if possible.
Have you ever... ever felt like this? When strange things happen, are you going round the twist?
Looks like a lacewing, nothing to be worried about.
 URL. Quite the beneficial insect, too- often sold in garden stores.
&#x200B;
Much better to use a heap of these guys than spraying poisons around.
My sister loved stealing my things and my brother loves beating me up. My parents only ever told me to “just deal with it or fight back”. If i fought back I’d just get more hurt. Speaking from experience, my brother was abusive to me and my sisters. Now, I just don't talk to him as much. I wish you the best.
Only if they care about 'your way of science'.
Even if proven wrong, there is always the 'Morarji Desai' approach. And what is that?
How does a truck get blown over but the car doesn't?
Hope the truck driver is alright though. The truck has a higher centre of gravity making it less stable.
Today is my birthday, I have balloons ???I want to thank my donor and family who 24 years ago decided that they wanted to donate their kidneys and I was one of the lucky recipients. #forevergrateful ❤️. @USER Happy Birthday , what a wonderful family ❤️❤️❤️.
"Once a crim always a crim" 
Unless you're good at footy. Ben Cousins wants a word.
Not many. It's not original enough. Well should I insert a picture of penis or something?
Saturday night ka mera 'sneak in the garden and light up a joint' routine badiya baith gaya hai. Kal mast joint fooka gaane sunte sunte and moon ko dekha and uske baad some geopolitics ke videos. Man, I love saturday nights. That's something even the girl I am currently with does. But instead of watching geopolitics she sleeps on my shoulder in which she murmurs god knows what.
u/VredditDownloader. beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!


Download via  URL 


Downloadable soundless link


Audio only


First link is active for 6 hours. Mention me again if it is down

Info&#32;|&#32;Support&#32;me&#32;❤&#32;|&#32;Github.
I burst out laughing when a distant relative told me that her newborn daughter was called Tinkerbell. I thought she was joking, she wasn't. Poor kid. See! I have a 1 year old and I would be doing exactly this daily if I didn't have my few deep breaths before meeting every baby.
Have to laugh at the Collingwood fans on here who have been talking down Ollie Henry ever since he requested a trade now suddenly complaining that a pick in the mid-20s isn’t enough. @USER I'm a Collingwood supporter but after Buckley sent half a dozen premiership players out the door nothing else amazes me these days! I like Ollie but if he wants to go to Geelong so he can play with his brother SO BE IT! END OF STORY!! KAPUTSKI!!
F*CK YES! Ron DeSantis is under federal Investigation by the US Department of Treasury over his use of COVID Relief Funds to fly migrants to Martha’s Vinyard. @USER If you seriously think that's going to result in anything other than more of our tax dollars wasted you're dreaming.
@USER Gorgeous ??? @USER Thanks Monika?
Have you seen the Cliffs of Moher? Yeah have u heard of 'the high man'.
Done many interviews &amp; written several columns on  @USER and her disastrous economic policies so far I have said they are in ‘total disarray’ but seems inadequate as pronouncements get worse daily I have never in my fifty years of doing economics seen anything as bad as this. @USER  @USER  @USER she’s also a dangerous diplomat, not because of any policies, she has no skill at that level, but because of a complete lack of understanding of international diplomacy.
Honestly there's this bizarre attitude with pharmacy staff that anyone who knows annything about these drugs must be a drug dealer or something.
They have the same attitude with codeine/rikodeine.
I'd wager they did have it but just wouldn't sell it to you. TBF Codeine shouldn't be commercially available.
Throw dildos until you can reach the whips. There’s dildos in the kids section?
Muslims have got the benefit of appeasement politics for many years. It is one of the major reasons why Hindus are angry towards the community.
With regards to the Population and go to Pakistan points, they are absolute nonsense. 
Indian Muslims are Indians and will remain so. Pata nahi. Hindus have had the most appeasement - just think of beef ban. Such a cheap and easily available source of high protein nutrition is everywhere in India - a country so high on malnutition, yet it is banned. Rather than allow people to choose, it was banned for Hindu appeasement. 
So much government money is spent on Hindu festivals and subsidizing hindu pilgrimage (4500 cr) while the Hajj subsidy (200 cr) which actually was a disgusting lie of a subsidy was much maligned. The Hajj subsidy never helped Muslims, do you know that? Since Air India had the monopoly on the gulf routes, it would rise the price of each ticket to mecca by 20k and then request the government to subsidize that 20k. The Muslims pilgrim would pay the same amount as before, but Air India would get 20k per ticket from the government and Hindus would get to shit on Muslims. Win-Win. 
RSS propaganda has really brainwashed Hindus tho. I'll give you a simple example. I recently learnt that lotus is not the national flower of India (an RTI was raised and the government confirmed that there is no national flower) but every Indian I know fought with me about it being the national flower. RSS grip on the government is so tight even when BJP is not in power, that the flower representing the birth of Hindu god Brahma of hindu iconography, which is also the party symbol of BJP was falsely called the national flower to such an extent that it is considered truth. It is the same RSS that has taught Hindus to hate Muslim kings for destroying temples when the total count of temples (quotes as hundreds of thousands) is less than 100 while the total count of temples destroyed by hindu kings is a little under 1000. 
RSS has been hard at work spreading lies exaggerating the accomplishments of their own leaders and belittling the good rule of Muslim rulers. We are all victim to their propaganda - not just you or just hindus.
@USER Sexi. @USER ???
everyone from Lincoln simultaneously: 'Did you know the Cathedral was once the world's tallest building?' 
Source: from Lincoln. Honestly I was gonna point out how old it was.
Been like that for weeks in Sydney. And Melbourne.
If your Twitter Crush said “Ima be in your area a couple hours away, can you come and let me take you on a date?” Not a link, a legit date. Would you go? Or no? Are you scared? @USER I would I'm never scared of shit but women are just as crazy as a man these day's ?  real shit ? but I love to try new shit ???✌️.
Vigilance Bureau arrested Davinder Kumar, Assistant Registrar, Co-operative &amp; Marketing Societies, block Dasuya, District Hoshiarpur red-handed for accepting a bribe of ₹20,000. Accused has been supervising 70 Cooperative Societies in block Dasuya including above said at Tanda. @USER ਸਰਕਾਰ ਬਹੁਤ ਵਧੀਆ ਕੰਮ ਕਰ ਰਹੀ ਹੈ| ਹਾਲੇ ਹੋਰ ਵਕਤ ਦੀ ਉਡੀਕ ਕਰਨੀ ਬਣਦੀ ਹੈ|ਸਰਕਾਰ ਆਗਾਮੀ ਸਮੇਂ ਵਿੱਚ ਹੋਰ ਵਿਕਾਸ ਦੀਆ ਨੀਤੀਆ ਲਿਆਏਗੀ|.
@USER  @USER It was powerful Urlo. Made me cry. @USER  @USER Yep very much from the heart.
Who would have thought that the humble Henry Hoover would be responsible for our planets interplanetary diplomacy!? Henry Numatic.
Big difference is that land is cheaper in Texas and governments dont  interfere with private property rights once zoned. Australia is a locked up country, locked up bureaucracy, nanny state laws and endless regulations that rarely achieves its objectives. From my experience in Texas is that they have a  greater desire to protect the natural beauty and wilderness values than  just about all our governments  while still making Texas the cheapest places to build  a house or own land.  We have lots of potential but we squander our opportunities because of our stupid politicians. ....yes, but here, you're not going to get shot by someone who thinks they have the right to own a military weapon, and if you do get hurt, you can be taken to hospital and treated without having a crippling bill follow you out of the hospital and having to declare medical bankruptcy; you can go to university without being laden with debt as soon as you get out and we have elections that are run by an impartial independent body, not potentially by the incumbent.
Sorry, I'll take here, thanks, over that lunatic asylum.
"There will never be a cure to cancer because treatment too profitable."
I hear this one a lot, but it does make a bit of sense.
Chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and all other cancer treatments are extremely expensive. And if a cure was developed, it would be just as expensive. 
But, I don't believe doctors are hidding a cure from the public.l. In the US, sure. No other country in the world makes such a profit on healthcare.
Guy is my longtime fb friend. Very measured and rational person. Goes to show what happens to you if you criticize the PM or his riotous followers if you don't have any political backing and you live in BJP ruled state. At his point your best bet is to lay low and work and when the opportunity arrives emigrate.
I think it's harder to make friends as you get older and most of your childhood friendships that you maintain into your 20s and 30s are built in those turbulent teenage years and nostalga plays a big part .
The best you can hope for is drinking buddies after work well that's as far as I will let myself get with work colleges. I’ve thought about thst myself but the unfortunate thing is most guys in my work are older than me, so there’s only so much I can do. Most don’t do anything after work.
Can you believe that business support will be delayed and then backdated because of Party recesses.. that few weeks could be the difference for some operators..

All because of Party Conferences.

They should have been cancelled with all the missed Parliamentary days already. @USER Most companies haven't even seen the energy increases hit them yet! Although if any business is unable to absorb a short term increase in costs, then is it really viable anyway!?
@USER I dont believe you just send me a rack and i will let you know. @USER  @USER ??? Me too.
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER Be Careful. Saw a show once where a guy tripped in his shop, hit his head on a table and knocked himself out. He had something in his hand that started on fire. Shop burned down.
I keep forgetting to put a #Gardening Lol. @USER  @USER Hahaha ?
Attenborough wants the world to stop helping the starving victims of famines and pandemics and let them die
He will be cracking one out to coronavirus
I couldn't give the tiniest shit how well he narrates nature documentaries
He is fucking evil
Fuck David Attenborough
 URL 
Sending food aid to famine-stricken countries avoids the more fundamental problem of population growth, Sir David Attenborough has said, as he called for more debate about population control.
The renowned broadcaster told the Daily Telegraph the world was "heading for disaster", and without action the "natural world will do something".
"What are all these famines in Ethiopia? What are they about?" he said. "They're about too many people for too little land. That's what it's about. And we are blinding ourselves. We say, get the United Nations to send them bags of flour. That's barmy."
He admitted the issues had huge sensitivities, but insisted it was important to "just keep on about it".
One area of concern, he said, was about the right to have children. "To start with, it is the individual's great privilege to have children. And who am I to say that you shan't have children? That's one thing," he said. "And the last sensitivity – and the most tricky of all – is the fact, when you talk about world population, the areas we're talking about are Africa and Asia, you know.". Hes asking valid questions tbh.
@USER Rumours are the Unite Birmingham hotel is fully booked with Tory’s for conference week.
Even Lens suite. @USER  @USER With all the favours he’s done for them over the years, it’s only right that they reciprocate.
What SONG did YOU listen to TODAY? @USER REM what's the Frequency, Kenneth ?
@USER My 7 year old son would buddy up with him in a hearbeat. He always asks me if hes "weird" because he doesn't like what all the other kids do.  I say hell no, you do you always!!! @USER ? love this.
The world is ending 
Change my mind. Sounds too good to be true.
@USER Veganizing haggis*. @USER Thank you for recorrecting autocorrect.
If you could pick your FAVOURITE thing from ANY #SQLBits event, what would you choose?

????☕️? @USER That time, when a huge curtain reveal the whole fun fair at SQL Bits Party Telford.
I’ll be 62 in 15mins #Ians62. Ian. @USER  @USER Ready on your mark … get set … now RUN away lol ?
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ?
>How when he was looking for partners to play Badminton, most hindu groups didn't take him in but the Muslim guys welcomed him with open arms.
What? That was hilarious!
Before the usual suspects mock #JoeBiden for falling off his bike, remember that if #DonaldTrump fell over he'd never be able to get up again. @USER That is true…we saw him attempt a ramp ?
@USER Damn, lame 2* ? @USER Nothing lame about it, I'll take as many raids as you can  send to get a hundo though ?
Been like that for weeks in Sydney. And Melbourne.
Spamming Instagram with "Normie Garbage", and spamming TikTok with "Simp Trash". You forgot spamming 4chan with braindead threads.
Where is BETI PARHAO BETI BACHAO  @USER ?
Gujarat ranking very poor  in girl child education
Only 10%  girls in Gujarat complete graduation
20% per cent of girls don't reach class 10.
Gujarat  at the bottom in education of girls in the age group 10-14 years. @USER  @USER Educate citizens instead of educating prime minister.  PARCIPATE &amp; bring change you wish to see. Don't seek Ministerial berth alone.
@USER  @USER  @USER I know I should be trying to big up the political side of it but don't underestimate the influence the council exectives can have over infrastructure like this.

I think DCC have more cllrs who use a bike day to day than DLR but I may be wrong. DCC defo more left than DLR too. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The planning, trial/tweaking, implementation and learning from the CMR seems to have established a template. And the building up of expertise at the council with a cross disciplinary team seems to be a formula for success too. I feel DCC still prefers a  heavy engineered approach.
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. To be fair. Depending on what they have trademarked if you don’t use it and don’t defend it you lose that trademark.
See McDonald’s loosing the trademark to BigMac in EU.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Winter to be replaced by autumn soon.
I like that people always are worried that Epstein was murdered instead of suicide. What if this was a ploy to cover up that he just escaped or paid his way out of prison? Well considering his cell mate was Nicholas Tartaglione I’m pretty sure Epstein was murdered.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहब ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER #मान्यवर_कांशीराम_साहेब.
u/VredditDownloader. beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!


Download via  URL 


Downloadable soundless link


Audio only


First link is active for 6 hours. Mention me again if it is down

Info&#32;|&#32;Support&#32;me&#32;❤&#32;|&#32;Github.
England shirt £75 on England Store

Free delivery on orders over £20 

10% off with code ESC10 … they then add on £5 delivery ? @USER Saves you what, £2,50??
@USER  @USER  @USER Oh how wonderful!! Congrats! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Josh! (I’ll never forget how kind you were when I lost my job, which was the exact period in which I was writing this one. It meant/ means a lot!) X.
If your Twitter Crush said “Ima be in your area a couple hours away, can you come and let me take you on a date?” Not a link, a legit date. Would you go? Or no? Are you scared? @USER I would and have. Met some cool ppl in the process.
Ask Congress leaders if they visited Statue of Unity; those who don't respect son of soil Sardar Patel should not have any place in Gujarat: PM Modi. @USER Those who support RSS don't need to visit statue of unity infact have no right to make such statues sardar Patel wanted RSS to be banned nehru ji ki galti RSS aaj zinda hai.
I make my living gigging around the country, a little fearful gigs will be cancelled now... Same here. Literally visiting every corner of the country in the next 2 weeks and they will all be large gatherings.
Guy tries to call police on himself. 

Young gent P1 comes to the door. Regular knows we search. Hands over his wallet, boom bag of cocaine . 

B1 “Sorry mate that’s getting destroyed, and you’re not coming in, however you’ve not caused issues before so come back next week and all is forgiven” 
Sounds fair right? 
P1 “ok I’ll go, can I have that back?”
B2 “err no mate”
P1 “ why not?”
B1 “because we’re not drug dealers! Of course you can’t have it back we’re all under cctv and this will be destroyed under camera too”
P1 “ I don’t believe you’ll destroy it!”
(Note: Many people seem to think bouncers either all take or sell gear, it’s not true and even if one of us wanted drugs we’re not gonna trust something that you could have got anywhere and done anything to)
B1 “it’s not my job to convince you of anything mate, been nice, been fair now please listen to your GF and go home”
P1 “ I’m gonna call the police and tell them you’re in possession of drugs”
B2 and B3 laughing I take the lad away from door to chat more discreetly. 
B1” look mate I know your annoyed but you’re saying you’re gonna call the police to tell them we’re in possession of drugs? That we took from you!
P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up. > P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up.
that's crazy, in the US they'd come and arrest him put him in jail, thousand dollar fine maybe 6 months in jail and 5 years probation for a wad of coke. Weed not so much.
That's the best way to get rid of the flu as it's only two sleeps and it's gone. 2 sleeps over 3 weeks..
Good Morning &amp; Merry Christmas Everyone!!! ??
Oops, I mean Happy J6 Hearing Day!!?
✌?❤️⚖️?? @USER Now I don't know how to back to live streaming grrrrrrr! ?
Why has Reddit become so religiously biased. Every  religion has stuff that is practiced because guys wake the fuck up ... Religion is imagined more imagines and fiction than real.
It's hocus pocus done by a guy wearing fancy clothes. 
Stop taking the Koran literally, it's a book of wisdom not a Standard operation procedure because it was written for a different time. 
Stop taking the Bible very seriously, a lot if it was written way after Jesus was no more.
Manusmriti the hindu guidebook is ridiculous and makes for a good read to understand the wisdom of the time and that's that.
That being said religion is magic to those with faith. So when you make fun of one faith they retaliate and make fun of another. Hurt and pain begets hurt and pain. It's a bad cycle.
So dear reddit stop saying religiously inflammatory shit for any religion. 
I know I am guilty just the same and hope that my realisation transcends in you too. Spotted the cow piss drinker ^.
@USER Beautiful. @USER Thanks ?
Can you believe that business support will be delayed and then backdated because of Party recesses.. that few weeks could be the difference for some operators..

All because of Party Conferences.

They should have been cancelled with all the missed Parliamentary days already. @USER Most companies haven't even seen the energy increases hit them yet! Although if any business is unable to absorb a short term increase in costs, then is it really viable anyway!?
@USER Oh Prue. If you're at the point where you think trolling a child is a great idea Dan Murphy's really should hold an intervention. @USER  @USER Had me laughing out loud ??
Epstein didn't kill himself and he hosted pedoparties on some island in the Caribbean
The chemical that can turn frogs gay exists and it could potentially work for humans
The Masons built the current Denver Airport to hide something important
And I'm sure I'm missing some
PS: Top2 have been proven to be mostly true for a fact, 3rd is known except for the "something important" thingy. I live in Denver. I go to the airport a few times a year. For the past 2 years or so they have had the same construction stuff in the same places. They have these big walls to hide whatever they’re doing, with posters that are making fun of the airport conspiracy theory. Whenever I’m waiting in line at security I hear a banging sound that doesn’t sound like construction tools. It sounds like they’re just randomly banging on a metal pipe. I think a lot of the evidence is bullshit, like the murals and the runways being in the shape of a swastika, but it is a little fishy that the queen supposedly owns property near there. And the airport is really far away. I get that Stapleton Airport was too close to the city, but DIA is in what seems like Kansas. So there might be something there.
Completed 18 years in Journalism today! 

#WorkAnniversary. @USER Many congratulations ??
Making mates as a fully fledged adult is a widely shared challenge. Being a gay lad also has its own unique problems attached to the challenge. I agree with your sentiments with regards to other gay guys. It’s very difficult for many, myself included, upon knowing someone new is gay, to separate their sexuality and not consider having sex with them. Just thinking of someone in that regard is going to really skew the foundations of a friendship developing organically.
On the other end, becoming mates with straight lads, I’ve gotten great at shutting down notions of dating or sex with a guy once I find out he’s straight. Yet there is a general sense of unease when I meet new straight guys, I think most of it stems from me being overly cautious to  ensure they don’t think I’m in any way coming on to them at all, I would hate to make someone feel uncomfortable in that way. So baseline friendliness is reduced as a result because I’m over-compensating for them knowing I’m gay and being perhaps sensitive to anything I may do or say.
Clearly I’m reading a lot into it here, but I ask myself similar questions as you appear to be. The friends I have made as an adult have been through work and one guy I did briefly date that we managed to transition to a good friendship. 
Whatever your avenue, gaming, sports, acting etc. so much of life, of success and of friendship is just solely about showing up, being present and demonstrating that you are reliable. Flakiness abounds in society lately so defying this trend says a lot nowadays. I think many people say and state they are into this that and the other, but say it simply to appear and fool themselves as being interesting engaged people but who rarely if ever actively participate in their stated hobbies.
Instead, actually go to that event, attend that talk, enter that competition, in the words of the great Shia La Beouf; “just do it!”. Completely understand your sentiment. It's tough. You're always overthinking some aspect of said friendship be it straight or gay guy. Very frustrating. 
Absolutely, I'm loyal to a fault and if I make plans with someone I will always stick to them unless I'm sick or something. Very rare nowadays to get someone who will do that for you.
City Wok? City beef.
The rain event forecast for the next few days should ensure it’s all out. Hopefully fill the dams up too! that would be a wonderful thing indeed!
@USER Be safe, nice song choice. @USER Thank you?
I'll do you one better, 
WHY did this??? For humor.
I know everyone is saying don't give into the fearmongering by the media, but if you ask me it's pretty sensible to stay the fuck outta Dublin rn. The only two cases are there, and tho they've been "contained" there could be more, especially if they've only tested 392 people. It'll obviously get worse as the weeks go by, Paddy's day will be a melting pot for spreading it even further. It's not looking positive lads.
Fucking hell it's only March, can 2020 just fuck off? >  don't give into the fearmongering 
>but if you ask me it's pretty sensible to stay the fuck outta Dublin rn
....
Guy tries to call police on himself. 

Young gent P1 comes to the door. Regular knows we search. Hands over his wallet, boom bag of cocaine . 

B1 “Sorry mate that’s getting destroyed, and you’re not coming in, however you’ve not caused issues before so come back next week and all is forgiven” 
Sounds fair right? 
P1 “ok I’ll go, can I have that back?”
B2 “err no mate”
P1 “ why not?”
B1 “because we’re not drug dealers! Of course you can’t have it back we’re all under cctv and this will be destroyed under camera too”
P1 “ I don’t believe you’ll destroy it!”
(Note: Many people seem to think bouncers either all take or sell gear, it’s not true and even if one of us wanted drugs we’re not gonna trust something that you could have got anywhere and done anything to)
B1 “it’s not my job to convince you of anything mate, been nice, been fair now please listen to your GF and go home”
P1 “ I’m gonna call the police and tell them you’re in possession of drugs”
B2 and B3 laughing I take the lad away from door to chat more discreetly. 
B1” look mate I know your annoyed but you’re saying you’re gonna call the police to tell them we’re in possession of drugs? That we took from you!
P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up. why not give it back to him, it's his property? It's like being in school and the teacher takes away the stuff.
Like why? We get it, coronavirus is serious, but you don't need like 20 packets of toilet rolls?? Wechat + 3x mark up?
Wallace and Grommet: Vampire Bunnies. 
I was very young, and scared. But the rest of the class was laughing their butts off. I thought it was only me who was fucking scared of that movie.
What are you currently learning? ?‍??‍? @USER Javascript.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations Anne. ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Alanna it’s wonderful.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER ? hugs.
I want to do hospitality/travel ugc but I see little to no black creators doing this for ugc. It just has me wondering if it’s even possible. Brands do not champion the diversity they say they do. @USER I have seen a bit of them in new York!
By banning vacationers/travelers and striking people who intentionally infect others with the butt of a rifle. r/iamverybadass and also that’s not your immune system that’s thinking with your spine.
Date a guy and he’ll start acting like a kid around you. @USER Mommy issues.
www.gradireland.com
www.jobs.ie. Great, thank you!
I’m a teacher and you sound like a very annoying student. I guess it is annoying getting shown up for your ignorance on a very basic topic (this was GCSE level btw not primary school so it is quite important to not tell students the wrong thing).
@USER GM ?? @USER  @USER Gm ☮️.
My sister loved stealing my things and my brother loves beating me up. My parents only ever told me to “just deal with it or fight back”. If i fought back I’d just get more hurt. Speaking from experience, my brother was abusive to me and my sisters. Now, I just don't talk to him as much. I wish you the best.
Indian parents force their kids to study 16 hrs/day, force them to take tuition, spend lakhs on coaching so they score 90% but never prepare them for #stress, #anxiety, #depression they experience after losing seat to someone scoring 50%. Sadly, Equality exists only in books. @USER Talent is like water and it will find its own level … yes it’s pain but their is no gain without pain and that’s y they say when going gets tough, tough gets going so don’t worry as reservation will always make us stay ahead with hard work.
Pretty telling of the evil of the USSR... Yeah, obviously you get the guns first, then you shoot the Bishops.
My favourite thing about having insomnia for 3 decades is people telling me how to cure it as if I haven't tried everything imaginable to avoid 10,000 sleep-deprived nights. @USER  @USER Same here. The advice is usually given by people who are good sleepers who assume we are doing something wrong, and includes weird drinks and rituals. Nothing I've ever tried works for me and I have learned to live with it. ?
The guy accused of cheating at chess using vibrating anal beads might also explain Irish dancing. @USER Jaysus ?
Because of Julius and Augustus Caesar. Plus each got 31 days in their month, stealing from February, jacking the entire thing up.
It's a perpetual cycle. with only politicians as beneficiaries. "The cycle ends here. We must be better than this"
I hope this is what people think. I know most won't but I still hope.
There’s an app called Meetup that runs various things in Dublin, check it out. I personally go to the drinks on Wednesdays but there’s also other activities on there. Ive been on it before but didnt seem to find anything. I think I'll re-download it.
I don’t understand how this helps anyone. Am I missing something? It's just supposed to be funny.
@USER surprised by all the non-pot hole talk. some so big today they could eat my bike. @USER  @USER I should have tuned in - I have so many feelpinions about potholes.
juicewrlds death, the lyrics from legends “we ain’t making it past 21”, the juicewrld challenge where people would have seizures and he died from such, there’s others im forgetting. There is also the fact that he said that he wanned to disepear when he will be rich 
But i can belive artist can fake their death, they know how sad their fan are gonna be if they disepear, just like with juice wrld
Rip.
True. Back in 1993 or the IM run from 2004-2007, the bombings felt unfair because neither governments nor society supported babri. Babri was carried out by what was seen as a fringe extremist group, but everybody in society paid the price. I have no problem calling those bombings terrorism.
But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism. Government, judiciary, media, police, bulk of hindu society itself - are arrayed against them. If they are forced into a fight they didn't want in the first place, it's not terrorism but resistance. Bhagat Singh might have thrown bombs, but he was not a terrorist - he was a resistance fighter. As a Muslim this is exactly what they want us to do- react with violence on a large scale. All it will achieve is with more innocent bloodshed and allowing the RSS-BJP terrorists to come back to power in 2024 with even greater majority by gaining the sympathy of the majority who will see them as saviors. The Sanghis basically use the Israel model of unity through hatred which works because most Indians(including Muslims) are communal in nature irrespective of educational background. The problem is not Hinduism or Islam. No religion encourages violence or hatred. The issue is the politics of this country depend on the exploitation and brainwash of it's naive population who blindly believe the Divider in Chief as long as he makes bullshit promises of safety and prosperity and no matter how many times he fucks them they will gladly bend over and take it. Hitler used the same type of propaganda the Sanghis use and if people don't think it works- have a good look at the state of this country.
I can understand the frustration towards Bruno Fernandes, but to HATE him and send him abuse is just WEIRD!
He’s an EXCEPTIONAL player, tries things others don’t and when the come off is beautiful to see.
Hence the Assists &amp; Goals.
Class Act. Love him me!
#MUFC #ManUtd. @USER 100 per. Cent. He didn't have a good season but no one around him ran into good positions either. It's hard to pick people out when they're stationary.
@USER Absolutely scandalous pricing and can't believe they even charge postage! @USER £5 delivery for standard shipping and a week delivery time ?‍?
@USER Oh dear. @USER It’s ok, wine has fixed everything.
Lordt. It's not even 7am and someone's already crying at work...

Not me. @USER Sad part is going on everywhere.
???? ?? ??????? 
Wrong answers only. @USER Crypto is a emotion of next generation.
Funny how for a generation, the people of Ballsbridge would’ve associated the swastika with that truck and every subsequent generation it’s associated with you know, fascism, genocide etc
Edit: shite grammar. Jaysus Mary. That crowd down the laundry are really taking the piss. I hear they annexed Poland. Michaeleen was always a nice lad. What would his poor mother day Lord rest her.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER No it was a waste of money had to sell my jewellery to bury my son 3 months ago disgraceful.
Parents used to go fossicking for gold decades back on weekends, would pull a couple of hundy with a homemade sluice box every trip. Can't remember the exact place - somewhere between Bathurst and Hill End. What I remember most was the absurd amount of flies and red belly black snakes. 
Took the dog with us once. Was sick from all the fly eating. She couldn't help herself.. I've heard Hill end is good for gold. I've only ever hunted there though. Wasn't into fossicking last time I went.
Use toilet paper as a glove. Ditto.
@USER Maine nahi liya ♥️de ?? @USER Too ab loge or to kya ?
We need to build a wall around Leinster. It’s all fun and games now but what if it hit Cork? We can’t take that risk. It wont hit cork because people don't travel to that shithole.
@USER Bore bad…normal day to sit with guys drink. @USER  @USER And eat achu.
Enjoy it while it lasts. Our government and the IMF are of the opinion that avoiding the next bubble crash without sufficient interest pliability will require negative interest rates which will only be viable if cash is removed from the system.  It has begun. Obviously the limit here is 10k for now, but that will decrease as is clearly stated, just like certain other countries. 
I like our new 50's, very cool, but my local car wash doesn't recognize new notes. You're supposed to wear the tin foil, not eat it.
If I didn’t need my health insurance I would have been quit my job. @USER Hang in there sis! ?
Muslims are the few sane ppl left in this country. Oh please, let’s not get carried away with such moronic rhetoric!
Where the Dart is always 11 to 14 minutes away, I've spent days of my life waiting there. The 2 minute walk down from main street would always fill me with anxiety as you have a clear view of the platform and any approaching trains that you are about to miss.. Well this fella is out of service. You’d probably reach the platform, see him arriving, breathe a sigh of relief, then shake your fist as he drives by without stopping. 
The last two hours of his shift have him rostered to rattle up and down the tracks, snatching false hope away from people standing in the cold.
I went there about 10 years ago. Costs about £20 to go in and it's just a greenhouse. A pretty dam awesome greenhouse!
In the world of #golf

1. LIV enthusiasts claim  @USER is second coming of Christ, the best thing since sliced bread -  IT IS NOT

2.  @USER loyalists claim LIV is a clown show &amp; unwatchable - SO NOT TRUE

3. Golf journalism is dead

4. Strangely, neutral is not an option. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes imagine if you watched both 
Or watched one but did not mind about the other 
Or watched neither but did not mind either.
He's speaking the ancient language. Oabf soq6t 69s f siwyr ishrb fuck me daddy jdvdk didve kavsvr7d UConn of e.
Has nothing to do with Delhi Police. DP is under the Central Govt and they do their bidding. 
Kolkata Police is under TMC and they do their bidding. There will be no arrests if and when a TMC leader speak rubbish and they have in the past. 
They're all the same. The lesson for Police is that they should serve the public. We have a genius here. Maybe they should make you PM. Dumb idealist centrists are the worst.
4 or 5. Nothing else qualifies. When hot rub some butter on them and let it melt. Mmm. Correct answer.
Can I get grandmas recipe? That looks dope! Yorkshire puddings are the same as pancakes, but make the amount for 6, and triple it to make this :) (3 eggs is what my grandmother used, so if a recipe says to use 1, times everything by 3).
Can anyone confirm Fabian Francis had a car purchased for him by Port an MG (Sponsor) 3-6 months ago to get him to convince Jason to leave? @USER  @USER Yo mate.
@USER Happy birthday bro ?? hope you have many more. @USER Preciate that cuz ??
Bangladesh: Openly critical of India. 
Nepal: Embroiled in a border dispute. 
Bhutan: Limiting Indian tourist access. 
Sri Lanka: Rajapaksa ousts pro-India incumbent.
Afghanistan: Americans are rehabilitating the Taliban. 
Iran: See above.
Pakistan: Pushing forward with a concerted diplomatic offensive. 
China: Making ingress into Indian territory by building infrastructure to change facts on ground. 
But at least watching Jaishankar give tactless aggressive responses to foreign dignitaries provides bahkts enough material to jack off over a “strong India”.
Wonder what happened to his “look east policy”, I’m assuming planning guided tours to Kashmir is taking up all of the foreign ministry’s time. Sab anti-national international hai ji...
Cluster headaches are some dose. 
Had everything checked and all grand, but they really know how to knock the shite out of ye. It’s a pretty intense jolt. @USER Did you try eliminating sugar from your diet , it worked for my sister she was getting desperate migraines.
Have to get ready for work but my motivation is at a 0....this cold has been kicking my ass..my nose is plugged up and my chest is full...but no covid thank god...just pushing through it... @USER Bless. Hope you feeling better soon. I'll send you lots of motivation to get you going and throughout the day. Here for you. Take care. Lots of love ? ? ? ? ? ? Xxxx ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥.
We are in Melbourne and nothing has changed at all. Went to Woolies today, no dramas. ??‍♀️. Stores were busier than usual and I did notice some things were low in stock. But nobody going nuts, queues weren't too long. 
We've been buying extra bit-by-bit for a month now and are stocked up. I figured even if the outbreak wasn't going to be a big deal, other people might disagree and clear shelves at some point.
Me. We learned in science class.
I recall a story about Sunil Gavaskar ji doing something similar for a muslim family during riots in Mumbai. He said that they will have to kill him first before they could harm him. Too young to see him play cricket but this is the story I really find amazing. It takes an insane amount of courage to do some thing like this. I remember this story. This was in one of our hindi textbooks and he was mentioned as little master.
Never realised how much I touch my face til they told me not to. I can't stop doing it! I keep touching my lips. Constantly. I don't know if I have always done this.
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER ?????? funniest thing I’ve read today ??????
Have you ever smoked pot?

Be honest. @USER Yes yes yes.
Damn, I'm exhausted
What the hell's this all for?
Is this where it mends or it breaks?
Between a rock and a hard place
For the record, shit
Throwin' in the towel takes some effort
So I'd rather ride it out for better weather
Together ? @USER Good blessed morning luv.. hope you had a great evening.
Just google it? qbasic.net. Thanks mate.
@USER Mine was awful lol Wordle 477 6/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛?
⬛??⬛⬛
?⬛⬛?⬛
??⬛⬛?
??⬛??
????? @USER Is it even a word??
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER  @USER Yes I support all workers whatever action they believe required to Remove the Tories ASAP.
@USER You’re in for a good night. @USER Tonight’s gonna be a good good night.
Lowest point was probably the year after high school. My parents had divorced and my mom moved out first after keeping me on lockdown because she found out I was dating a girl. Then my dad moved out to live with my now step mom. I went from having no freedom at all to having absolute freedom, and I did not handle it well. I did a lot of drugs and drank a lot of alcohol. Most of the time, the only consumables in the house wee ramen and booze. I didn’t even care about taking care of myself because I was drunk or high all the time. 
I think the highest point is now. I bought a house last September, got out of an unhappy marriage, my teenager is absolutely thriving, I’ve got a decent paying job, published two novels, and I got back together with that same girl I dated twenty years ago. Things are going really well now. I am really fucking happy for you dude.
Have you ever been roasted by your Bestfriend? @USER ??? ,  ??????
Pedigree foods are American, you're literally funding Israeli missile drops into Palestinian homes. Reddit is an American website. Your traffic is literally funding Israeli missile drops into Palestinian homes.
From the U.S.  and I know no one that drinks milk.  Not one person.   A weird take sir. Up here in my pseudo-hillbilly corner of the Rockies, our Safeway has an entire cooler section just for the 1 gallon jugs of whole milk. It’s a staple of 90% of everybody I know’s fridge and unofficially, it’s our number one hangover cure, too. If a friend opens his door holding a gallon of milk, I know he’s in the middle of regretting the night before. My ex and I broke our refrigerators middle shelf because of the combined weight of his 2 gallons of 2% and my 2 gallons of whole milk that we bought weekly. (No, neither of us were or are obese. Lol)
I once laughed with a friend of mine at his Dad for offering his deck builders milk while they worked in 90°f (32.2°c) heat. 3 guys took him up on his offer, choosing it over Gatorade. 
In shop class in highschool, I built a 1/2 gallon milk container holder with a handle for my Nanna because she was struggling to lift them anymore.  Our local restaurants have giant milk chillers next to the waitresses soda stations. 
I dunno what part of the U.S. you’re from but milk is... MILK, here. Haha.
Ballarat
Race 10  No.8
DAN MIELICKI
$100 WIN       #DAY7
 @USER #harnesscharitychallenge 
#TrottersOnly     
Was $6.50 Fixed early ☹️. @USER  @USER Might of forgot to take off.
How none of my reddit posts ever get guilded. I'd guild you if I wasn't poor, my friend.
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Great  spiritual knowledge. 
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
@USER Rigobert Song is Alex Song's uncle. @USER True that.
@USER Could you please provide your address so we can follow up with the Environmental Health Team. Thank you. @USER I have sent u a DM.
What’s your opinion on Meatloaf? @USER The rock star or the dish?
Your mum. Haven’t heard that one before.
Vigilance Bureau arrested Davinder Kumar, Assistant Registrar, Co-operative &amp; Marketing Societies, block Dasuya, District Hoshiarpur red-handed for accepting a bribe of ₹20,000. Accused has been supervising 70 Cooperative Societies in block Dasuya including above said at Tanda. @USER ਸਰਕਾਰ ਬਹੁਤ ਵਧੀਆ ਕੰਮ ਕਰ ਰਹੀ ਹੈ| ਹਾਲੇ ਹੋਰ ਵਕਤ ਦੀ ਉਡੀਕ ਕਰਨੀ ਬਣਦੀ ਹੈ|ਸਰਕਾਰ ਆਗਾਮੀ ਸਮੇਂ ਵਿੱਚ ਹੋਰ ਵਿਕਾਸ ਦੀਆ ਨੀਤੀਆ ਲਿਆਏਗੀ|.
I take immunosuppressants for inflammatory bowel disease, do you know if that makes me more susceptible? It probably would, even the fact you have an autoimmune disease might. But I wouldn’t ever stop taking them, the reward here far outweighs the current risk.
Just keep regular hand hygiene and ask people around you that if they feel they may have been exposed or have any symptoms that they keep their distance from you if possible.
The targeted abuse towards Porteous, a young player with a promising future, is disgusting. Media in this country do no favours in helping the game progress. Don't mind him being seen as a 'pantomine villain' but the current 'cheating' narrative is way over the line. @USER Except for the fact that he is a cheat.
Tonight’s #qanda another example of media fixation with Stage 3. Wall to wall on ABC, NineFax, with every journo caught in the vortex. 
Greens, LNP both politically aligned together in wanting sole media focus on this &amp; block new Govt from oxygen on multiple other issues. @USER It's because it's catastrophically bad policy that needs to be stopped.
If they took 50 people, including you, and said they were going to shoot one of you at random, would you be scared? No I'd be dead,  I know my luck.
@USER Sir, what have u started? @USER  @USER Coaching classes.
It's the doggy sugar tax. Sugar doggy tax.
Does anyone else find wind farms really beautiful and actually add to nature. 
There's something so satisfying to me about watching wind turbines rotate knowing it's creating clean energy for us. It's like working with nature, apart from the birds getting sliced in half. I always found the aesthetics argument to be the weirdest argument against them.
I get it's subjective but they're like giant pinwheels!
@USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations! ? @USER  @USER  @USER thanks Lia!! ?
Train your mind to stay calm in every situation. @USER I am calm in every situation.
आजकल के लोग गाय चराने में शर्म
 और कुत्ता घूमाने में गर्व महसूस करते हैं. @USER Right.
Wait I think the biggest issue here is why was the parade on Saturday 29th February?! Belmar has the traditional first Sunday of March St Paddy's Day Parade here in Jersey, Asbury Park gets the 2nd Sunday for their parade.  It's all the towns trying to book the same  marching bands and bagpipers.
I burst out laughing when a distant relative told me that her newborn daughter was called Tinkerbell. I thought she was joking, she wasn't. Poor kid. See! I have a 1 year old and I would be doing exactly this daily if I didn't have my few deep breaths before meeting every baby.
Today I thought oh I’m only in my home town a few more days maybe I can whack on a respirator and visit a dear friend who lives not far from me and then I remembered she is a cooker now and I cried like a little kid because it feels like we have no place in the world.

But we do. @USER You all do have a vital place in this world. You're not alone Sam. I share your pain and disappointment.
#TrumpMeltdown Have they investigated Trump’s relationship to Jeffery Epstein yet? @USER Always going back to bill Clinton. Now look at 550 Arizona kids missing from the state cps. Pedophile.
SAD NEWS!

SP Founder Mulayam Singh Yadav (82) passes away,after being critically ill.

Wait! I know many will pounce on me for offering condolences to someone who got Karsevaks Fired at in Ayodhya in 1990,who was into Minorities Appeasement,was Corrupt etc! REMEMBER THAT.
1)It was Mulayam Singh who made Nuclear Deal possible with US in 2008 when Leftists withdrew support from UPA to Stop Bharat's Develop.
2)It was Mulayam who diverted SP Votes to Modi Ji in 2019 elections

Mulayam definitely Wasn't AHMED PATEL to say Good Riddance!
Attenborough wants the world to stop helping the starving victims of famines and pandemics and let them die
He will be cracking one out to coronavirus
I couldn't give the tiniest shit how well he narrates nature documentaries
He is fucking evil
Fuck David Attenborough
 URL 
Sending food aid to famine-stricken countries avoids the more fundamental problem of population growth, Sir David Attenborough has said, as he called for more debate about population control.
The renowned broadcaster told the Daily Telegraph the world was "heading for disaster", and without action the "natural world will do something".
"What are all these famines in Ethiopia? What are they about?" he said. "They're about too many people for too little land. That's what it's about. And we are blinding ourselves. We say, get the United Nations to send them bags of flour. That's barmy."
He admitted the issues had huge sensitivities, but insisted it was important to "just keep on about it".
One area of concern, he said, was about the right to have children. "To start with, it is the individual's great privilege to have children. And who am I to say that you shan't have children? That's one thing," he said. "And the last sensitivity – and the most tricky of all – is the fact, when you talk about world population, the areas we're talking about are Africa and Asia, you know.". Hes asking valid questions tbh.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Are these people in the room with us now, Dan?
Just wash your dot out in the shower. starts stocking up on shower heads.
Anybody got a parking pass they won’t be using for Sunday’s Titans-Raiders game? @USER If the Titans man up and win this weekend, they’re right back in it this season. It’s way too early to write them off completely! But my confidence is low after what we saw the past two weeks ?

Colts vs Chiefs
Jags @ Chargers.
Human immune system learns through trial and error. The thing is western world is too fragile for Indian conditions, conditions highly optimal for growth and proliferation of infectious microorganisms (which includes the germs). Also we do not have a cold cycle (at least in the parts southern to regions where it snows) which can wipe out almost all of the infectious microbes. In Europe and America, the immune system of the people is not worked out as much as an Indian's immune system. Half of the year the immune system of western population is chilling owning to the environmental conditions favouring humans over microorganisms. 
The memory of the way to defend the  body from the microorganisms (henceforth microbes) is short lived (for about 30-50 days). Hence as soon as the cold cycle ends and the conditions turn favourable for the microbes and all the memory of the immune system of how to defend itself from the microbe is gone. All the microbes are aliens to the body even though there might not be a significant change in the microbes characteristics. Hence there prevention is best and hence the sanitizers , extreme safety precautions etc are brought about.
In case of India where the environmental situation is highly favourable to the microbes than the humans. We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised. 
Hence we can say that we are inherently stronger than our western counterparts.
If theres any query regarding this please feel free to ask me any questions. I will answer what i know to my fullest. >We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised.
There is a little logic to this, but NOT when confronted by a pandemic! This is a new strain of virus which we have NOT been exposed to before, and we have NOT built up immunity towards. By not washing your hands and sanitizing when such a virus is going around, you are being very irresponsible. 
Not washing hands, sanitizing, and taking precautions will only further spread the virus, and it is people with weak immune systems like the elderly, babies and the ill who are most likely to die from this disease. So you may survive, but you also may spread it to someone else with low immunity who will die. SO PLEASE WASH YOUR HANDS!
I've said this many times on the pod, but losing Sasha Banks is losing someone who can legitimately be a crossover star. Big fail on WWE for that. @USER She's close with snoop can aew afford her.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER How many can you get? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER DIVERSE
REWIRE
CREEDS

(I can't see anything else for the last one!).
@USER Wow Sal.????? @USER I know!! Lost 3 &amp; now gained 2 in one year???❤️???
Maintain eye contact and keep going. and nice slow, steady strokes.
Look I don't trust Nehru
He never in a single interview revealed how he eats mangoes. It was never about mangoes. 
&#x200B;
Nehru on June 29,1949
&#x200B;
" If we do not increase the production then in the matters of crop we will be dependent on others. For the matters of food, we do not want to dependent on other nations. That's why we have to solve the problems of production in food immediately. We have to reduce this deficit that happens due to us buying the food from foreign countries. We have decided that by 1951 we will be self reliant on crops. We will not import them after 1951".
@USER  @USER  @USER Looking good but all a bit grey on it???‍♂️??‍♂️???? @USER  @USER  @USER Poor Colly has been grey since that time you gave him a hiding at the De La Salle.
Fill in the blanks and give it back, I think that's the game. My brother recommended posting a note saying:
“I’ll park wherever I want you   _  _  _  _   _  _ _ “.
@USER Oh well done Julia - it looks fabulous! @USER Thank you, I love ricotta!
@USER Good morning 
   Forgetfulness ?☕️
Have a lovely Thursday ?? @USER Thank you Gary.?
I just hope you know that it's a fake news, Images are not related drugs picture is from Nepal where father son duo was held with banned tablets. Thats why I laughed. Crazy it even got close to 1000 likes and even more tweets.
How does a truck get blown over but the car doesn't?
Hope the truck driver is alright though. The truck has a higher centre of gravity making it less stable.
@USER  @USER  @USER Itna to parents bhi nahi peeche padte. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Itna to na but my wife will send kids to school. Come what May. Agar administration school bund karde to shayad ladne pohanch jaye, bund kyun kiya.
lets get married so we can get to know each other. @USER How they did it back in the day, bonus points if the wife is half the age of the groom.
No, you are what you are born as. 
NO IDENTIFYING. Jeepers, no need to shout!
Is it just me or is being raised in a big city (Mumbai in my case) really different from being raised in a small town?
The aspirations and priorities of kids in the 2 aforementioned categories of places are so radically different. Elaborate.
I understand only criminal charges show up, and hypothetically if it did mention anything they look at the nature of what occurred e.g. speeding fine NBD, but serious crimes (murder) would be an issue. An admission to a psychiatric unit might be viewed as beneficial to the school because you would have lived experience which is valuable. > .. but serious crimes (murder) would be an issue. 
Shur I'll throw in the application and see how it goes.
@USER The butch lesbian who you have replaced. You are also claiming that a drag queen was a trans woman, which is transphobic. @USER  @USER ?? a fart accusing a gay man of transphobia.
Wonders will never cease.
@USER Karlie, VB?! And I let my child talk to you! @USER ??? I am good guy, I swear!
"We're going to skate to one song, one song only.". Is that Blades of Glory?
Guy is my longtime fb friend. Very measured and rational person. Goes to show what happens to you if you criticize the PM or his riotous followers if you don't have any political backing and you live in BJP ruled state. At his point your best bet is to lay low and work and when the opportunity arrives emigrate.
Out in athy dude saw two but I just put it down to a falling star. If I seen 2 I’d think the same but there was genuinely about 12 in a row all going the same direction the same distance apart, weird man.
Yes. You sure? I haven't heard anything.
'Partake'? Fear mongering is their bread and butter. This is what it's like when a junkie 'partakes' in heroin. Whilst true, people have to come to that conclusion on their own accord.
It's not really for me to force my opinion on others. No one likes that.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ??‍♀️.
@USER Hi Arshil Ahmad,
Greetings for the day ! 
We apologize for the inconvenience caused. We would like to inform you that the shipment is forwarded to delivery team and we have intimated the destination team to arrange for the delivery on priority. kindly wait ! @USER Courier delivered ho gya.
It already is, was in there yesterday. As is Tesco.
I went to The Hub by Premier Inn. The room was underground and about the size of two coffins. You even had to make your own bed. >You even had to make your own bed.
The horror.  Did you have to dress yourself as well?
Someone I work with was giddy with excitement, planning their April long weekend holiday, getting ready to take the Friday off as well. I broke it to them that we’re not getting the Monday off. It was a small joy seeing that smug arsehole’s plans decimate in a matter of moments. "Look at this arsehole, so excited to take time off work and enjoy something out of life over these few days, can't wait to fuck him up by letting him know we're stuck at work...despite the assumed public holiday we always got." He might be an arse, but now you're both stuck at work together, you could have been out of each others faces for a Monday.
YouTube told me to. Lol.
One thing to understand is, that this cannot be contained, all analysts are saying that countries can only buy time, while they get prepared. So it will definitely come, it is even spread to US and Canada. 
Also this is not a death sentence, chill and follow best practices. Might not be a death sentence, but to a country of 1.3 billion, if it spreads and people to not listen to health officials, it can cause serious damage that will be very expensive in terms of recovery. 
We all have China as an example, see how much of the businesses are struggling and how much it is impacting the economies. With only 2 cases confirmed in India, the the sentiment if the investments have been affected today.
So I definitely would suggest to chill, but also to be prepared....
Bag Of Shite Index: 

1 Alan King is a tit and not a useful one ?
2 They seek good ground here,
they seek good ground there,
those jockeys seek good ground  everywhere ?
3 Aussie Sprinters ???
4 Hurricane Lame ?
5 Alfred Munnings ? @USER 6. Wexford Hurlers.
Liz Truss has told the BBC that she's prepared to take difficult or unpopular decisions to help UK economic growth.  

Excellent.  When are we rejoining the EU then? @USER What’s this fascination with the eu Never did us any good.
how can they just rule out the possibility that the guy got it from China just because he spent 14 days overseas when there are cases where the incubation period is much longer than that? I asked the same question.
Today, I am seven years sober. @USER Congratulations.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER We will try to make it to run daily. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hello Team,
Can you please try and co-ordinate with Railway and to provide  stoppage on Chalisgaon, Pachora and Jalgaon Jn. ?
It will help a lot to these area passengers.
It's humble request.
Thank You.
>The non-household sector comprised a very diverse group of property buyers, including private companies, charities and State bodies, the report said.
Watch this be picked up by the "ban the REITs and cuckoo funds" people on one side and the "why am I competing for housing with my tax money" crowd on the other.
What will be missed is that the income requirements are only one element of affordability, high rents preventing people saving for a deposit is a huge problem. Reducing rents requires more rental stock. Getting more rental stock means a lower proportion of housing being sold to private buyers. Rental prices are related to the total supply. It doesn't matter if houses are for sale or rent. These cuckoo funds are buying up properties for rent that would have been otherwise bought by private individuals. Where do you think they're living now?
Admin rights on my office PC. 
Pretty big deal in a school, that. Admin rights on the whole network
(school IT techie).
Lucky for me I don’t have enough friends for an intervention. @USER yes you do ?
She said hello, we said goodbye. Hol up.
Hi Hindu, I'm Dad. Hi Dad, I'm Hindu.
A Tweet up is needed . I can org a Dublin one ? Kindred spirits need to come together . Too much negativity going on. Let's have fun ? 
 xx 
Pls reply below if interested xx. @USER I'm in Dublin ?? can you explain more about this please? ??
everyone from Lincoln simultaneously: 'Did you know the Cathedral was once the world's tallest building?' 
Source: from Lincoln. Honestly I was gonna point out how old it was.
Not just Aldi - there were a remarkable number of enough shelves at Woolies when I went shopping this morning - a lot of canned food and dry stuff empty, or almost so.
Stupid people panicking for no reason. If areas get quarantined for a few weeks (or god forbid months) because this thing hits you'll be eating nothing but your words.
Who will be stupid then?
@USER Good Morning ❤️. @USER Have a blessed day ma!❤️.
As much as i detest godi media, i feel sorry for this guy. I literally know nothing about him except for the fact that he is the OG b and d guy. Hahahaha. I don't feel sorry tho.
Thankfully, we don't have thousands of people from all over the world visiting Ireland in two and a half weeks time. It should be cancelled, you'd imagine there will be an awful turnout anyway.
@USER  @USER Thank you so much! @USER  @USER Fabulous work Mike - well done :).
@USER Oh you dirty bugger ? @USER If it’s too clean, I feel as though it’s unAustralian.
@USER Have a great safe day?????☕️☕️☕️. @USER Thank you Deacon.❤.
If he can consolidate Dalit and Muslim vote then it will be a massive blow to BJP. Dalits have been veering towards BJP inspite of it being a traditionally upper caste party. 70% of the total hindus are actually SC/ST/OBC so if he is able to have that vote, he will be GOLDEN.
@USER  @USER Is she related to Dorries? @USER  @USER  @USER Dorris death stare..
Its absolutely shite. Right thanks for your opinion stated as fact. I thought it was incredible and thoroughly enjoyed my time there. Perhaps you and I have different things that interest us eg I enjoy reading, learning and creating, and you enjoy banging stones together.
Evening  Friends, I see Jan at 7 tomorrow night, can’t wait. She’s doing OK, plenty of rest and very good doctors and nurses. I’m all good, just made a Uber pizza lol. Brian is still alive, doing good there. Lots of loves from Sara. Thank you for your wonderful support. Phil  xxx. @USER Give her my love and best wishes.
Gay bar? I mean worked for my friend, or you can have a friend talk to another friend. Meet over social media, perhaps. The nearest gay bar is like an hour and a half away. Haha. I’m trying the social media thing. My marriage just ended and I didn’t come out as bisexual until we were already committed and now I’m just trying to see what’s out there I guess.
@USER bro not ready for this in the morning. @USER Samee im on an empty stomach all nauseous.
Human activity causes pollution shocker. China still denies they cause pollution all the same.
It's not just a London thing, it's annoying as hell. You just want to tell them it's not gonna fall off! They don't have to keep guard of it just incase haha. Why is someone with there hands down there tracksuit annoying you.
Guys are so lucky like, we dress up as your favourite wifus AND have boobs.

What a time to be alive. @USER I have a saying boobs are only as fun as the girl that has them I hope I’m not gonna be burned alive for this.
Ur eyes are pretty cool. Or perhaps your gaming skills are good.
दिल्ली की जनता को पानी के बकाया बिलों से राहत दिलाने के लिए सरकार ने बड़ा निर्णय लिया है. पानी के बकाया बिलों पर लगने वाली लेट फ़ीस( लेट पेमेंट सरचार्ज) 31 दिसंबर 2022 तक के लिए 100% माफ रहेगी. यानि आप बिना लेट फ़ीस की चिंता किए अपने पुराने बकाया बिल भर सकते हैं. @USER Navra kam mat karvao sir or berojgaro ki madad karo.
Buses simply not showing up. Happened to me probably 8 times in a year where I’m late for a lecture or just anything really because a fucking bus decided to disappear.... legit happened to me today so needless to say the wound is still fresh :(. the best is when the sign says it'll be there in 2 minutes and then suddenly switches to 6.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER My age, It won’t go backwards.
These reforms are fucking great. I'm so happy. 
• Landlords must now ensure their properties meet basic standards, providing functioning stoves, heating and deadlocks, and maintaining basic safety standards for gas, electricity and smoke alarms.
• Rental bidding will be banned, preventing landlords from accepting a higher price than advertised.
• Landlords may only increase rent every 12 months, as opposed to every six months as currently stands.
• Bond will now be capped at four weeks’ rent.
• Landlords may no longer unreasonably refuse consent to minor modifications. This covers nailing hooks to walls and anchoring furniture for safety. But they can request these modifications be made by a qualified person.
• Landlords will now need an official order from the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal in order to refuse a tenant the right to own a pet.
• Tenants will no longer need written consent from their landlord to file for the release of their bond. The landlord will have 14 days to dispute the claim, or bond will be repaid to the tenant automatically after that time.
• Victims of family violence will be able to terminate rental agreements to ensure they aren’t held liable for the debts of their abusers.
• Caravan and mobile home owners will now be offered access to compensation if their residential park closes.
**
Fucking rental bidding. I've had to do it. Such a shit of an underhanded practise. Getting calls from the agent... well, there are a lot of people interested... 
Tell them directly that rent bidding is illegal. Oh, we're not doing that, we're just letting you know there are a lot of people interested...
There are more coming into effect in July 2020:  URL 
Some highlights:
Inappropriate rental application questions
A rental provider or their agent cannot request inappropriate information in a rental application.
Rental providers must give a valid reason to end a rental agreement
Rental providers (landlords) cannot issue a ‘no specified reason’ notice to vacate. To end a rental agreement, rental providers must provide a valid reason such as sale, change of use or demolition of the rental property, or rental provider moving back into the rental property.
Evidence for change of use notice to vacate
Rental providers must attach documentary evidence to a notice to vacate for change of use. The Director of Consumer Affairs Victoria will specify the types of evidence that must be used, for example a building permit.
Bank or other mortgage provider to honour rental agreements
If a bank or other mortgage provider has consented to the mortgage recipient entering a rental agreement with the mortgaged property, upon taking possession of the property they are subject to all the provisions of the Act as though they were the rental provider.
Expanded definition for urgent repairs
Urgent repairs now include repairs or replacements relating to air conditioning, safety devices and any fault or damage which makes the property unsafe or insecure, including pest infestations, or mould or damp caused by or related to the building structure.
Long-term leases
Renters and rental providers (landlords) can enter a fixed-term rental agreement for longer than five years. They must use the prescribed form to do so. >  Rental bidding will be banned, preventing landlords from accepting a higher price than advertised.
Why shouldnt a landlord be able to get the most rent possible?  In future wont they just advertise a lot higher rent then add 'or nearest offer'? 
>Landlords may no longer unreasonably refuse consent to minor modifications.
Will the tenant have to make good any changes, e.g. if they add a lot of screw holes to a wall surely they have to repair and repaint the room.
What in the actual crap is wrong with you. ;).
Mulayam empowered backward castes through ballot to reshape Hindi belt politics. His opposition to Ram Mandir movement culminated in firing upon Kar Sewaks yielding big political gains by yoking Muslims to Yadavs. But in the end he let Parivarvaad trump Samajvaad denting SP. @USER Aur RAM MANDIR K waqt  @USER  @USER  yeh donoh kaha the..
Is there anything I can say other than “the President rode his bicycle into a tree”? @USER Your boss has a funny name.
23 people infected. In country of seven million.
A few are on a cruise ship thousands of miles away, the rest are locked up in military airbase. Theres slightly more than 7 million in the country mate.
The same way baseball and American football works.
Australian Rules, Rugby and Rugby league are three different and separate games, but they are all considered "winter sports" so the season is in our winter. New South Wales and Queensland follow rugby league and the other states follow Aussie rules. 
Cricket is a summer sport so it's played in summer when the footy codes are on their break. Pretty much the entire country follows the cricket. It's not regional based like the footy codes. >Pretty much the entire country follows the cricket
Nope for a long time
There's a reason 20/20 was introduced...
Worshiping Elon Musk is fucking weird. @USER I don't even know who  the hell you are, but I can guarantee you that  @USER is not concerned one bit about what you have to say. And for that matter, the majority of Americans don't want to hear your dribble.
The problem of using different colours highlighters or pens is everytime you want to change colour to highlight or underline you get confused and waste time in choosing that. @USER ??
Never thought it this way . ?
They might have been right. Probably.... But not for this reason.
The three great universities are Oxford, Cambridge and? "wherever I went"?
I’m currently in 4 Twitter threads: 1. the correct pronunciation of Dockers recruits’ surnames; 2. the packaging of craft beer; 3. how good is Tassie seafood; and weirdest of all, 4. which of Matt Berry or Noel Fielding would be better as an overacting parody Lord Byron. ⚓️???‍♂️. That’s my life now. ?‍♂️#foreverfreo #craftbeer #scallopsoysters #tassieseafood #madbadanddangeroustoknow.
@USER ?Good Morning!!✌️. @USER Have a great day!?
Muslims have got the benefit of appeasement politics for many years. It is one of the major reasons why Hindus are angry towards the community.
With regards to the Population and go to Pakistan points, they are absolute nonsense. 
Indian Muslims are Indians and will remain so. Pata nahi. Hindus have had the most appeasement - just think of beef ban. Such a cheap and easily available source of high protein nutrition is everywhere in India - a country so high on malnutition, yet it is banned. Rather than allow people to choose, it was banned for Hindu appeasement. 
So much government money is spent on Hindu festivals and subsidizing hindu pilgrimage (4500 cr) while the Hajj subsidy (200 cr) which actually was a disgusting lie of a subsidy was much maligned. The Hajj subsidy never helped Muslims, do you know that? Since Air India had the monopoly on the gulf routes, it would rise the price of each ticket to mecca by 20k and then request the government to subsidize that 20k. The Muslims pilgrim would pay the same amount as before, but Air India would get 20k per ticket from the government and Hindus would get to shit on Muslims. Win-Win. 
RSS propaganda has really brainwashed Hindus tho. I'll give you a simple example. I recently learnt that lotus is not the national flower of India (an RTI was raised and the government confirmed that there is no national flower) but every Indian I know fought with me about it being the national flower. RSS grip on the government is so tight even when BJP is not in power, that the flower representing the birth of Hindu god Brahma of hindu iconography, which is also the party symbol of BJP was falsely called the national flower to such an extent that it is considered truth. It is the same RSS that has taught Hindus to hate Muslim kings for destroying temples when the total count of temples (quotes as hundreds of thousands) is less than 100 while the total count of temples destroyed by hindu kings is a little under 1000. 
RSS has been hard at work spreading lies exaggerating the accomplishments of their own leaders and belittling the good rule of Muslim rulers. We are all victim to their propaganda - not just you or just hindus.
What course is this? Applied Psychology and Social Studies.
@USER  @USER How did it go? @USER  @USER Was doing great until cramp got me, got me bad.
Evening  Friends, I see Jan at 7 tomorrow night, can’t wait. She’s doing OK, plenty of rest and very good doctors and nurses. I’m all good, just made a Uber pizza lol. Brian is still alive, doing good there. Lots of loves from Sara. Thank you for your wonderful support. Phil  xxx. @USER Give her my love and best wishes.
I hear a lot of people complaining that in LA it's hard to find good friends when the better question is, are you a good friend? @USER Yup I am lol.
@USER  @USER અભિનંદન ♥️. @USER  @USER Wah gundes?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER is there anything any of you could do to raise the issue of a seriously delayed child renewal ; holiday booked since 2019 &amp; fly 2/7 and no urgent slots available at midnight on any night ! We can't be the only ones. After 2 months,1 week &amp; 3 days our child renewal has gone to print @PassportIRL.???? We had finally secured an urgent appointment (after a full day of clicking refresh)for this afternoon . Typical. Thanks to customer service for your help. Now to wait for the post. Thankful.
There are kettles and toasters that hook into your WiFi that can be set to operate at a particular time or be controlled by your phone however you're still going to have to get out of bed to make tea and butter your toast. And are a security nightmare.
You’ll need to phone the number and ask for a reset. This. Also the codes usually only last 14days.
I don't use Tinder, I use the Obituary section. As long as she is not decomposed is ok. Must be your life philosophy.
On demand Hyderabad's luxury hostels/pg's/hostels helper.. #Hyderabad

My Charges are below... In note.. 

NOTE : my charge is only ₹999 which is non-refundable and need to be paid before starting the process. If you are OK with it then only WhatsApp or call me on 9000539552. #Hyderabad #SingleOccupancy #doublesharing #womenhostel #menhostels #PGS #payingguest #womenshostel #security #hostel #workingwomenspg #Hyderabad #luxury #hitechcity #madhapur #gachibowli #corporate #Kondapur #mumbai #delhi #noida #bangalore #jaipur #maharashtra #tamilnadu.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ah, Packie that’s magic. Some memories. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Remember we went there in 94 Paul.
Any Sam Smith's. 1970s beer and 1990s prices. It's a shame the beer is mostly awful.
Depends on how the shipper sends it.   If they send it via post, then Aust Post handles it here.    But if they use a courier service like DHL or Fed Ex, then they handle it all the way to your door.
Most couriers will not deliver to a post box either. DHL don't deliver outside of capital city  metro areas, they offload it to couriers.
What is most surprising about your favorite NFL team through 2 games? @USER Just beat The Bengals, Cowboys Linebacker Core is a Beast!
@USER bro not ready for this in the morning. @USER Samee im on an empty stomach all nauseous.
looking forward to the morons in work tomorrow, after getting this on whatsapp, telling everyone that this was another example of the great big conspiracy to hide the hundreds of cases here and lockdown of hospitals/hotels/businesses, being committed by the government/HSE/relatives of those infected/workmates/people in those places, etc etc. It's not a conspiracy, its simply unstoppable at this point.
@USER No your so humble .unique .down  to earth Girl  podda. @USER Thank you dear ?
Locking money down just in time before the next recession... ahhj yeah! It is incredibly authoritarian/Orwellian. 
I am equally dumbfounded that the Liberal government would consider such a bill and that the Labor party would agreed to support the governments bill when it appears such an obvious move to vote it down with the cross bench. You would think that "the liberals coming for your savings account" would have more of an impact on supporters than this "sports rort" saga.
Event Horizon is pretty wild. Love that film!
UP is so fucked if corona breaks out. It's already fucked.
It’s one of those days where I have deleted more reply’s than normal … it’s a case of ?…. @USER I'm glad I haven't tweeted much today?
Just stand still and make them walk around you. Arseholes. Even better if they're on their phone and not looking, then with luck they'll cannon into you and drop their life sucking bit of plastic. If they’re on their phone and not looking but coming straight towards you, don’t change direction. They usually look up and move about 2-3 seconds before walking into you.
@USER  @USER Beautiful photo. @USER  @USER So good!
Ronan Farrow is obviously Frank Sinatra's kid and not Woody Allen's. 
See for yourself. Yup.  That's not Woody's DNA at all.
So finally the stupid have outnumbered the sane. Haha, stupids have always outnumbered the sane. One of the reasons why democracies fail.
A Day In The Life or Baba O’ Riley? @USER A Day in the Life.
The Vogon ships hung in the sky in exactly the same way that bricks don't. This is still probably one of my favourite lines.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Not in Melbourne.
Lowest point was probably the year after high school. My parents had divorced and my mom moved out first after keeping me on lockdown because she found out I was dating a girl. Then my dad moved out to live with my now step mom. I went from having no freedom at all to having absolute freedom, and I did not handle it well. I did a lot of drugs and drank a lot of alcohol. Most of the time, the only consumables in the house wee ramen and booze. I didn’t even care about taking care of myself because I was drunk or high all the time. 
I think the highest point is now. I bought a house last September, got out of an unhappy marriage, my teenager is absolutely thriving, I’ve got a decent paying job, published two novels, and I got back together with that same girl I dated twenty years ago. Things are going really well now. I am really fucking happy for you dude.
BETRAYAL 
That's why AAP comes out as worst in this whole issue.
Congress wants to win LS, and they didn't hide it.
BJP wants to destroy democracy and establish Brahmin Patriarchy and they are not hiding it.
~~AAP~~ Kejriwal portrayed  himself as savior and a hero, one who fights for 'AAM AADMI' and when we needed him the most he showed his true colours, hiding in his cave like a snake in complete silence, Enjoying his CM ship for next 5 years, their would be another jumla the next election comes. A true politician.
You can check my comment history, I called him hero time to time and i know many of you too. Well, let's see how it all unfolds. I am not sure what the end game of AAP is, or what they were thinking when they didn't step up for the violence or let this sedition case happen. We will know in time. As said, AAP is another political party and is no different than others. That being said, perhaps someone should clariify exactly what made them take these decisions.
Wordle 359 3/6

⬛?⬛⬛?
???⬛?
????? Wordle 360 4/6

?⬛??⬛
⬛???⬛
⬛???⬛
?????
These linked post jokes are getting old. Enjoy a down vote PAL.
Not just Aldi - there were a remarkable number of enough shelves at Woolies when I went shopping this morning - a lot of canned food and dry stuff empty, or almost so.
Stupid people panicking for no reason. If areas get quarantined for a few weeks (or god forbid months) because this thing hits you'll be eating nothing but your words.
Who will be stupid then?
I like that people always are worried that Epstein was murdered instead of suicide. What if this was a ploy to cover up that he just escaped or paid his way out of prison? THIS!
SAD NEWS!

SP Founder Mulayam Singh Yadav (82) passes away,after being critically ill.

Wait! I know many will pounce on me for offering condolences to someone who got Karsevaks Fired at in Ayodhya in 1990,who was into Minorities Appeasement,was Corrupt etc! REMEMBER THAT.
1)It was Mulayam Singh who made Nuclear Deal possible with US in 2008 when Leftists withdrew support from UPA to Stop Bharat's Develop.
2)It was Mulayam who diverted SP Votes to Modi Ji in 2019 elections

Mulayam definitely Wasn't AHMED PATEL to say Good Riddance!
What’s for dinner? @USER Chilli con carne, coriander lime rice and accompaniments ?
When intelligent people read, they ask themselves a simple question: What do I plan to do with this information? @USER I've read this tweet and now plan to reply with a witty riposte.
@USER Nice of them to let us have the weekend, if they could kick it in just before I get to work that'd be ideal. @USER  @USER Would be nice to know if we can have a sleep-in on Monday. ?
African Greys are supposed to be really smart and friendly. And how much are we looking at for one of these.
You are a gift that will help fulfill a special purpose and fill someone's heart and life... God will bring it together - Trust Him! @USER Hallelujah Amen ? ? ?
Is there anything I can say other than “the President rode his bicycle into a tree”? @USER Your boss has a funny name.
The photo on the Bank of Scotland note is giving me strong“Unsolved Mysteries” vibes, so that’s my favourite.
Unfortunately I’d probably struggle to spend it anywhere local. Aye same is the case with me.
@USER No way that is real. @USER It is and there is heaps more like it.
#TrumpMeltdown Have they investigated Trump’s relationship to Jeffery Epstein yet? @USER Always going back to bill Clinton. Now look at 550 Arizona kids missing from the state cps. Pedophile.
So BJP-RSS folk need to fear NSG ? Kinda contradictory no ? Has this guy any shame left.  He should be behind bars!
Bag Of Shite Index: 

1 Alan King is a tit and not a useful one ?
2 They seek good ground here,
they seek good ground there,
those jockeys seek good ground  everywhere ?
3 Aussie Sprinters ???
4 Hurricane Lame ?
5 Alfred Munnings ? @USER 6. Wexford Hurlers.
Someone please help me:  I was on a plane to the UK and the man next to me was drinking a Pepsi or Coke mixed with Worcestershire sauce in it.  It was on the label too!  He was weirded out that I was weirded out.  Has anyone ever seen that drink??? Nope. Was he from Alabama?
'Partake'? Fear mongering is their bread and butter. This is what it's like when a junkie 'partakes' in heroin. Whilst true, people have to come to that conclusion on their own accord.
It's not really for me to force my opinion on others. No one likes that.
Eff no. It is pointless what passes for education these days. I agree with u but it said people who like school.
Can’t wait for T20 World Cup and then Qatar 2022. F*ck October and F*ck the October Heat. ? @USER It's already cold already.
In the coming weeks or months I will need community groups. Sligo based preferably.
Let me know if you are interested. @USER Tell me more :-).
Is this a British thing exclusively?
I thought I was ok with 30+ items, there's plenty of self checkouts and rarely a line. 
The lack of lines probably makes it ok. A basket is the max at a self service checkout. We’re not talking about those full sized self service ones with a conveyor belt though, they’re literally meant for trolleys.
It’s a fucking disgrace that we can’t protect the doctors and health staff working in hospitals.
Why don’t they have all the protective equipment? When there is a suspected case, then they wear PPE. When there isn't any suspicion of a case, then they don't wear PPE. What guides "clinical suspicion" are the clinical guidelines... which state things like "recent return from an affected area (China, Iran etc).." Now that we have domestic transmission, it's probable that the guidelines might be updated, which will lower the bar at which doctors and nurses wear PPE.
Gay bar? I mean worked for my friend, or you can have a friend talk to another friend. Meet over social media, perhaps. The nearest gay bar is like an hour and a half away. Haha. I’m trying the social media thing. My marriage just ended and I didn’t come out as bisexual until we were already committed and now I’m just trying to see what’s out there I guess.
Though you should've already known that Pieter is barely regarded high in journalists circles, lemme go through his stuff again.
The Caravan article is behind paywall, please post full text. This is cited as source many times in his every piece when ever he gives actual links to RSS.
The Quint article is by same author, and instead of providing proof of links, he is again clutching at straws. Not criticizing the RSS doesn't mean she is RSS, by this logic Kejriwal is supporter of RSS backed violence in Delhi.
Rest whole article is just roaming around the point making useless conclusions. And shit like "she used a Sanskrit word, vhp also uses the Sanskrit word, so she's clearly RSS" when conveniently omits the dact that many from  MMS to Pranav Da have used a common Sanskrit word.
Also, the author seems very, very angry about her tussle with Hillary for some reason, despite it's clearly Hillary in the wrong for making baseless accusations against some of her fellow dems to favor her friends.
Intercept is, well, Intercept. No source, no facts, just how they like it.
That said, please post the Caravan article which provides source of the RSS backing & funding as Pieter claims. >Rest whole article is just roaming around the point making useless conclusions. And shit like "she used a Sanskrit word, vhp also uses the Sanskrit word, so she's clearly RSS" when conveniently omits the dact that many from  MMS to Pranav Da have used a common Sanskrit word.
What are you talking about?? What article are you referring to? There is nothing in any of the articles I've posted about Sanskrit words!
It's sad that these people died.
But I think it's inappropriate to romanticise them, as often happens.  Some of them were linked to particularly horrible attrocities against civilians.
They weren't in my view political prisoners any more than the UDA or UVF were. +1!
Masturbated to catchphrase at Saturday dinner time. It’s good, but it’s not right.
@USER Robyn, that is a massive rejection and indictment of 99% of the historical and global church. It does sound a bit like, all who came before and all apart from my progressive Christianity are thieves and robbers. @USER  @USER This is a nice sounding rhetorical flourish  @USER but like Robyn you believe the church was wrong about slavery and equality of women for a long time… why not this issue too?
Maintain eye contact and keep going. and nice slow, steady strokes.
3 of my ex colleagues from my previous company quit yesterday, 2 I was on very good terms with, including a guy that was among the top performers who couldn't handle the politics any more.
Meanwhile David de Gea (and Jordan Pickford) are collecting their paychecks.
Another mate (my bestie at work and said top performer's roomie) just spilled the beans today on why HR encouraged me to quit during probation period itself so he could save 185000 for the company.
Sucks. Liverpool lost and I forgot my homie's bday
Sucks.
@USER Mine was awful lol Wordle 477 6/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛?
⬛??⬛⬛
?⬛⬛?⬛
??⬛⬛?
??⬛??
????? @USER Is it even a word??
Chuck them over here for a taste test. They should arrive in time for next Sunday’s roast!
@USER  @USER That’s soundscape excellent and you’re welcome! @USER  @USER Here’s how it went. I volunteered to present my pitch first so I’d be memorable: “Hi, I’m Daniel G. Taylor, CEO &amp; Founder of Mayer Marketing Agency. I help entrepreneurs get better clients with fatter wallets.” It worked.
By banning vacationers/travelers and striking people who intentionally infect others with the butt of a rifle. r/iamverybadass and also that’s not your immune system that’s thinking with your spine.
@USER 90% growth in tractors segment compared to 2019. Rural economy bouncing back? @USER  @USER Unfortunately 50% of tractors  endup at construction sites or as garbage pickup.
What does this woman have anything to do with Ireland?
Stop trying to suck up to foreigners so they think we're "a great bunch of lads"
Maybe crowd fund something more worthwhile closer to home. Because she is being banned from a festival about irish culture and heritage, based on her sexual preferences. 
So yeah, it has to do with the Irish, because it's a fucking St. Patrick's Day festival, you obtuse contrarian.
*poo. Well yeah, I've always spelled it poo as well. I do hear of people writing pooh and I assume it's because they went to a private school or something.
"Once a crim always a crim" 
Unless you're good at footy. Ben Cousins wants a word.
@USER Have a great safe day?????☕️☕️☕️. @USER Thank you Deacon.❤.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER हां जी आज देश में यही चल रहा है संत महात्माओं को जेल में बंद कर रहे हैं और बॉलीवुड अभिनेताओं को बेल मिल रही है कानून पक्षपाती हो गया है कानून अपना काम नहीं कर रहा है.
@USER  @USER  @USER I know I should be trying to big up the political side of it but don't underestimate the influence the council exectives can have over infrastructure like this.

I think DCC have more cllrs who use a bike day to day than DLR but I may be wrong. DCC defo more left than DLR too. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The planning, trial/tweaking, implementation and learning from the CMR seems to have established a template. And the building up of expertise at the council with a cross disciplinary team seems to be a formula for success too. I feel DCC still prefers a  heavy engineered approach.
@USER I got some cool ones in Matalan (cream with black stars), &amp; Peacocks, (sloths) ? @USER  @USER Sloths? I NEED some of those.
How is nobody talking about how Brooke has not mentioned the apple when she has been all "THOMAS HAS A KNIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIFE!" 

#ohbrookeohtaylorohbrooke. @USER Doesn’t suit the narrative ?
Coronavirus has spread to many countries in such a short amount of time that it’s a worldwide threat. Even though there is a <~10% chance of dying to the virus, it has a very high infectivity. Actual 3%.
Pakistan just helped with a peace deal in Afghanistan. India is ripping its own people apart with hate. That's a bad example. Pakistan helped the Taliban in Afghanistan and helped in ripping the country apart.
Where the Dart is always 11 to 14 minutes away, I've spent days of my life waiting there. The 2 minute walk down from main street would always fill me with anxiety as you have a clear view of the platform and any approaching trains that you are about to miss.. Well this fella is out of service. You’d probably reach the platform, see him arriving, breathe a sigh of relief, then shake your fist as he drives by without stopping. 
The last two hours of his shift have him rostered to rattle up and down the tracks, snatching false hope away from people standing in the cold.
Peak TV ratings during Queen's funeral
BBC1: 19.5m
BBC2: 2m
ITV: 5.3m 
Sky News: 934,000
BBC News channel: 831,000

Combined peak of around 28.5m viewers on main channels, final figure will be a bit higher. Excludes streaming.

Massive audience but smaller than Euro 2020 final. @USER Also the euro final was only on 2 channels so not really a fair comparison but still it had more!
Red rooster is the fucking worst fast food place by far. Where I grew up there where two one in the major shopping centre and ones about a minute away outside. The outdoor one was always dead never saw a car in the drive thru. But the inside one had a line as long as hungry jack's, almost like people not wanting to wait in line decided to go there which then formed a line. There is a Chinese place, Maccas, KFC and a bunch of smaller food places in the same food court aswell. But always a line at red rooster. Worse than maccas? Sure mate.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ?
The problem of using different colours highlighters or pens is everytime you want to change colour to highlight or underline you get confused and waste time in choosing that. @USER ??
Never thought it this way . ?
We need to build a wall around Leinster. It’s all fun and games now but what if it hit Cork? We can’t take that risk. I agree. It's only in Dublin but am also willing to sacrifice those surrounding counties to keep Cork free.
I would never have guessed such a beautiful shot could have been taken within 50 miles of Bradford. The Yorkshire Dales are within 50 miles of Bradford...
Without telling your age, what song reminds you of your high school years? @USER My Sharona.
That Fidel Castro is Justin Trudeau's father.
I highly recommend looking into this because it's so interesting. There are a bunch of photos of his mom with Fidel Castro around and slightly before she would have gotten pregnant. Also his mom and dad are both very white, and for some reason (and I know this is weird but) Justin has brown nipples, which isn't a very common trait in white people.
Edit: I know that there are white people with brown nipples but it's notable just because his parents don't have brown nipples. Well, I just googled "white people nipple colour", so there's that.
People are now justifying "Goli Maro" shouting at Metro Station. What's their excuse this time?
Human activity causes pollution shocker. China still denies they cause pollution all the same.
Seriously, why are there SO MANY CREDIT SCORE APPS now?! Is there some sort of crisis I'm not aware of? Are brits really that shit with money? I need answers! The law changed with GDPR meaning the credit reference agencies were obligated to give you access for free. Previously they could charge some admin fee.
So to recoup somewhat, and deal with the cost of all the extra people wanting their information they decided to try to monitise a bit more. Sometimes you pay them directly for something, sometimes they sell you to loan companies. That sort of thing.
My Mom died. 
I just lost my best friend. I don’t know how to handle this. @USER Understand,BE STRONG!!
@USER I liked it. I hope you get to see it! ☺️. @USER Thanks ? I am in love with this game so I enjoy seeing all the things. ?
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
It already is, was in there yesterday. As is Tesco.
I'm trying to read reddit with one eye  . Which eye?
AFP is politicised and ASIO is criticised for warning of rightwing extremists. ASIO shouldn't be attacking the government.
Good Morning &amp; Merry Christmas Everyone!!! ??
Oops, I mean Happy J6 Hearing Day!!?
✌?❤️⚖️?? @USER Now I don't know how to back to live streaming grrrrrrr! ?
I am just going to fap as many times as I can and then go to sleeeeeep. 41 is the limit, always remember that.
That boy at bottom left can't be more than 14 years old. Okay.
Liz Truss has told the BBC that she's prepared to take difficult or unpopular decisions to help UK economic growth.  

Excellent.  When are we rejoining the EU then? @USER What’s this fascination with the eu Never did us any good.
Crown in Perth - unsuitable to hold a casino license
Crown in Melbourne - unsuitable
Crown in Sydney - unsuitable
Star in Sydney - unsuitable
Star in Brisbane - unsuitable

IDK about you, but this feels systemic. @USER They are Australia’s most successful laundromats.
If you could “Delete” anything from your past, what would it be? @USER Meeting a person ?
I'm out with my family right now for dinner, it was a good day, maybe one of my best bday, thank you to each and everyone of you who wished me, it means a lot to me, I love you all ❤️. ichate to be that guy but kal firse sab kuchh vaisa hi dull and boring life will come back and haunt you.
@USER But does Janice work there? @USER Should have asked.
Ah the old 'I've dropped my sweets' dilemma, do you scrabble around and pick them up putting them in the bag because you'll bin them later (liar); do you kick them under the nearest seat or hide them under your feet/bag until you can make a hasty exit; do you break down in tears at the latest shit hand life has dealt you?
Or do you just sit on the floor and eat them whilst making eye contact with all around you daring them to challenge your need for sugary goodness? Five second rule.
Online reviews are a problem it's far to easy for people to just shit on companies and create a skewed unfair perspective.
Much of the time it can be defamatory to... The entire review thing needs some proper regulation and rules.. >regulation and rules
All that would do is make people create their own websites/blogs/forums to sidestep the rules. You'd have a tough time enforcing that on a global scale.
Pronounces Jalapeno as it's spelled, whenever anyone says stop he starts singing, "rough riders roll", pronounces bologna as it's spelled, pronounced Italian as eye-talian, constantly calling me " honor student" whenever I do anything stupid, "are you sure? Are you positive? I thought you were__!" Etc. Lovely!
@USER what does that mean? @USER  @USER Have you eaten 

Gujarati language.
It will all be stale ina week too, but the shops will still be open... You can freeze it and it’ll be fine. 
I always have 3/4 loafs of bread frozen, handy if you forget to pick some up or if something happens, like the snow. Unusual but handy a few times a year.
GF used to work there in marketing they get these requests daily.
A former director wanted to bring them back but marketed as Oliver Twists. He was advised this probably wasn't a good idea. He was right that would have been brilliant.
Okay so how about we redefine what summer and winter means so they balance out again.
/s obviously. Out of curiosity, what does summer and winter mean to you? The headline is clickbait as summer and winter are only defined as time. These researchers just used average temps at the start of summer and winter in the 50s and 60s then measured when we hit those temps now..saying that’s when summer and winter now start; dumb. Averages don’t work in Australia. Averages only work in places where the actual temperatures are close to the average for the majority of the time. This has never been the case for Australia.
David Miscavige, the chairman of the Church of Scientology definitely murdered his wife and is getting off scott free for it. Him and his wife got into a pretty heated argument in 2007, and she hasn’t been seen since. Lawyers hired by David claim she is still alive and devotes 100% of her time to work at the church of scientology, which is why she hasn’t been seen since August 2007. In 2013, a former member of the church had filed a missing person report that was closed after a few officers had “spoken and seen Mrs.Miscavige”, even though there’s no evidence whatsoever of this meeting. All missing person’s reports now are turned down since this investigation is forever closed. She is either dead or locked in a bunker.
Listen to the advice of older people. Not because they're right, but because they have the most experience being wrong. @USER Not all the old people are wise. Some are really dumb af.
Drakes new album is dirt. @USER Get rid of 'new album' and this sentence works better.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER  @USER Yes I support all workers whatever action they believe required to Remove the Tories ASAP.
Honestly there's this bizarre attitude with pharmacy staff that anyone who knows annything about these drugs must be a drug dealer or something.
They have the same attitude with codeine/rikodeine.
I'd wager they did have it but just wouldn't sell it to you. TBF Codeine shouldn't be commercially available.
Trump was already president and it was shit. He was impeached twice. He drove us into a disease-ridden hellstate of death and unemployment and debt. Then he pretended he won for 2 months and unleashed the kraken of cons lying relentlessly until he incited an attack on the Capitol. @USER  @USER Twice impeached, de-platformed, disgraced, coup inciting madman.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER We will try to make it to run daily. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hello Team,
Can you please try and co-ordinate with Railway and to provide  stoppage on Chalisgaon, Pachora and Jalgaon Jn. ?
It will help a lot to these area passengers.
It's humble request.
Thank You.
4 or 5. Nothing else qualifies. When hot rub some butter on them and let it melt. Mmm. Correct answer.
23 people infected. In country of seven million.
A few are on a cruise ship thousands of miles away, the rest are locked up in military airbase. Theres slightly more than 7 million in the country mate.
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Yeah where was summer in the metro areas... Oh right there wasn't ?
Trained or untrained? Trained. For maximum efficiency.
Vigilance Bureau arrested Davinder Kumar, Assistant Registrar, Co-operative &amp; Marketing Societies, block Dasuya, District Hoshiarpur red-handed for accepting a bribe of ₹20,000. Accused has been supervising 70 Cooperative Societies in block Dasuya including above said at Tanda. @USER ਸਰਕਾਰ ਬਹੁਤ ਵਧੀਆ ਕੰਮ ਕਰ ਰਹੀ ਹੈ| ਹਾਲੇ ਹੋਰ ਵਕਤ ਦੀ ਉਡੀਕ ਕਰਨੀ ਬਣਦੀ ਹੈ|ਸਰਕਾਰ ਆਗਾਮੀ ਸਮੇਂ ਵਿੱਚ ਹੋਰ ਵਿਕਾਸ ਦੀਆ ਨੀਤੀਆ ਲਿਆਏਗੀ|.
Bisexual. Not gay. There is a difference. Don't be part of the bisexual erasure. Thanks. Erasure?
@USER Morning Andy. @USER Morning Neil.
All I know nowadays is the team was busted cheating and one of em cried and now he’s advertising stuff on tv... weird a brand would have a cheat selling stuff but eh. So na.  Not into it. Talking about Steve smith?
It's so important to post your content to other platforms for growth. You're not going to grow by just streaming constantly and not branching out. @USER THIS IS FACTS!
I wonder these people go to pharmacy or gau sala. Probably to the USA ..best hospital there .
How the fuck has that anything to do with politics you nutjob. Not everything a politician does is related to their political life. How does the fuck does the minister for housings advisors husband being the Md of a company making millions out of the housing crisis anything to do with politics? 
Do you really want me to have to explain that to you?
The audacity that they still received the award for best TV presenters without doing anything together in the previous year. Oh, that really pissed me off when all they did was BGT, Celeb, and that was it? Where like Graham Norton and Bradley Walsh do a lot and IMHO deserve it more, but either way, I can kinda stand Dec, but I can't stand fucking Twant.
No, the time to start good hygiene was  BEFORE the spread, not after... And at work I have battles with the filthy pigs all the time.  These are the people who think that washing up in the lunch room kitchen sink is OK. The worst ones are the ones who go to the toilet, then walk out and want to wash their hands in the lunch room sink, till I see them. 
Then there are certain cohorts who think that clearing and blowing their noses and shotgun blasting the hand basin with snot  and blood is normal behavior. These are the grubs that think that after a toilet visit you need a full head wash and to expunge every hole into the wash basin including endless spitting. What is it  with these filthy people and their habits? 
I  get this issue raised at all toolbox and occupational health safety meetings. There are people that are uncivilized, filthy and uncouth that need to be  educated. It might be okay in certain countries to act like a grub but not in Australia.
Then lets talk about the people with colds and flu who walk around like babies with dripping  noses sniffing and sucking up their drips into their noses up like kids. They seem not to know what a tissues or handkerchief is  for. Maybe its time to reintroduce hygiene  classes at schools again because there seems to be a generation of adults who have no idea what basic hygiene is!
@USER Be safe, nice song choice. @USER Thank you?
This is your last shot to win today's #GIVEAWAY!

Q5. Brainstorming made you build your own sweet paper pile. Opt for _______ pages on the #RedmiWritingPad instead.

Comment with #RedmiWritingPad and #WriteClearRedoRepeat to win! @USER Ans. 5 &gt; 
Brainstorming made you build your own sweet paper pile. 
Opt for "20,000" pages on the #RedmiWritingPad instead.

#RedmiWritingPad #WriteClearRedoRepeat 
@RedmiIndia.
Whatever the cork management decide blooding a spine of Connolly at 14 and Joyce at 6 Downey at 3 will benefit Cork hugely in the long run all players under 21 while Galway in opposite position had Burke Mannion and Cooney all seasoned players from Michael donoghues time. @USER Forget about it, Cork are a useless shambles of a group.
Excellent on SMTV:live as a kid. I loved watching them get frustrated with the thick as shit kids who couldn't get the phone in competitions right.
But as an adult they're not appealing at all. They're quite creepy. my fav was 'dec says' with his waffling and ant reacting in the background.
@USER GM ?? @USER  @USER Gm ☮️.
@USER Good morning Lee. Have a good day. Take care ? @USER Hello Andy happy Thursday my friend. Good to see you have a fabulous day.???
I'll do you one better, 
WHY did this??? For humor.
They might have been right. Probably.... But not for this reason.
I went to The Hub by Premier Inn. The room was underground and about the size of two coffins. You even had to make your own bed. >You even had to make your own bed.
The horror.  Did you have to dress yourself as well?
Parents used to go fossicking for gold decades back on weekends, would pull a couple of hundy with a homemade sluice box every trip. Can't remember the exact place - somewhere between Bathurst and Hill End. What I remember most was the absurd amount of flies and red belly black snakes. 
Took the dog with us once. Was sick from all the fly eating. She couldn't help herself.. I've heard Hill end is good for gold. I've only ever hunted there though. Wasn't into fossicking last time I went.
Use toilet paper as a glove. Ditto.
If you are wearing this mask for screening corona virus whole day, you will be the first person to catch it. At least wear proper dress like doctors in China. Also those proper masks lose their effectivity after 4 hours( moisture from breath) so change it frequently.
Tonight the thought  @USER is no longer with us is just heart breaking. A decent soul who suffered too much. The news has stunned many of us. We all need to take care. God bless her. RIP. @USER  @USER God bless Aideen RIP ?
Give it the sniff test, people really underestimate the accuracy of it. Also works well on first dates.
@USER Welcome back! @USER Thanks Vanessa! ?
Lordt. It's not even 7am and someone's already crying at work...

Not me. @USER Sad part is going on everywhere.
@USER Maine nahi liya ♥️de ?? @USER Too ab loge or to kya ?
Buses simply not showing up. Happened to me probably 8 times in a year where I’m late for a lecture or just anything really because a fucking bus decided to disappear.... legit happened to me today so needless to say the wound is still fresh :(. the best is when the sign says it'll be there in 2 minutes and then suddenly switches to 6.
Wow! Maureen Lipman on lbc states “the Queen’s death has United the country including the Corbynistas and people live in the real world”
What a classless comment. @USER Why has a mediocre former actor been asked for a comment?
@USER Oh Prue. If you're at the point where you think trolling a child is a great idea Dan Murphy's really should hold an intervention. @USER  @USER Had me laughing out loud ??
The conspiracy about the music in pop songs nowadays. They have a kind of ring to them and that's what get children addicted to it. Like I'm the song "Middle", and Justin Bieber's "Sorry". They both have a high pitched sound in the background that I believe is the thing addicting people to the songs. It's supposed to be not farfetched conspiracy theories.
I once saw a documentary called the Iran Job. It followed a basketballs players journey and at the same time observing the social situation. A question was asked to a young lady on why she shouldn't leave Iran for a country say US. She said something like this..
"if I go abroad , I get freedom. But this freedom doesn't belong to me and I didn't try to get it. I want to be here and change the situation". Going by the state of Iran right now, he didn't change the situation.
>The non-household sector comprised a very diverse group of property buyers, including private companies, charities and State bodies, the report said.
Watch this be picked up by the "ban the REITs and cuckoo funds" people on one side and the "why am I competing for housing with my tax money" crowd on the other.
What will be missed is that the income requirements are only one element of affordability, high rents preventing people saving for a deposit is a huge problem. Reducing rents requires more rental stock. Getting more rental stock means a lower proportion of housing being sold to private buyers. Rental prices are related to the total supply. It doesn't matter if houses are for sale or rent. These cuckoo funds are buying up properties for rent that would have been otherwise bought by private individuals. Where do you think they're living now?
We have someone who whenever their car moves uphill (our entire neighbourhood is on a series of huge hills), it lets out an incredibly loud and constant screech. Been like that for months now. Fuck knows what’s wrong with their car but I wish they would fix it at least out of courtesy for the neighbours. We have one of those boy racers with a big exhaust on his car and everytime he passes our house it sounds like someone is knocking on the door.
Hot spot your phone. I don't use mobile internet.
@USER ???????? I love you big brother. ? @USER Love you More Sister ❤️❤️.
Series of doobti quizzes ??? @USER Thread banale.
There's not enough details in this post, but let's assume 4 day week to make up 30 hours, that's 8 trips. And maybe one return trip at weekends every second week (I'm being conservative). Average of 9 trips a week then. Let's say 2.60 each, that's 23.40 a week, below the cap. That works out 1,216.8 a year.
Current tax liability is 18,000 multiplied by 0.2=3,600. Let's assume credits of 3,300, so annual tax liability of 300. With this relief taxable income would be 16,550, liability = 16,550 multiplied by 0.2=3,310, minus tax credits of 3,300 means final annual tax liability of 10 euro. Savings of 290 euro.
Also save on prsi but 18,000/52=346 a week, which is less than 352 so no prsi liability, therefore nothing to save on.
Finally, USC, the 1,450 would not be subject to USC, so that's 2% of 1,450, = 29 euro.
Total savings of 319 euro, meaning the ticket will really have a net cost of 1,131.
That's a saving of 85.8 a year compared to the cost I calculated in my example. Then take into account nitelinks, which are included in the tax saver ticket. And the convenience of it.
Even if only on the 2.15 bus fare it would still be worth it in my opinion. OP you can do out the numbers yourself based on your fare and frequency of getting the bus and see for yourself. Thank you for the detail, much appreciated! ?
@USER  @USER Congratulations Abi, look forward to working with you ?? @USER  @USER Thank you, and likewise!! ?
The rain event forecast for the next few days should ensure it’s all out. Hopefully fill the dams up too! that would be a wonderful thing indeed!
@USER Good Morning ❤️. @USER Have a blessed day ma!❤️.
I agree. RSS and BJP, eat gobar and fuck yourselves. Itna gobar bhara hai dimaag mein inke. Poora brainwash ho chuka hai. I think people should appear for a test based on politcal knowledge when it comes to voting.And I kid you not,only 25% would pass it.
And if something like this would to happen,you'd see a different party in power. For the good.
I don't know how a democracy is supposed to work with so many illiterates and uneducated people in the country...who vote for things like Balakot airstrikes,and sanctions on Kashmir.
This is why Socrates hated democracy with so many illiterates in a country/place.
Just a friendly reminder that 30cr people voted for BJP,which is why theyre in power dictating 130cr+ people.
IMO there are far more important and pressing infrastructural issues to build right now than a pipe-dream high-speed rail to places that are sparsely populated. A metro for Dublin or any semblance of good public transport in Cork would be a start. Exactly, it's this wish washy fantasy stuff that distracts from the realistic projects like Metro, Dart expansion and underground and the expansion of rail and bus services in Cork.
Why is this fantasy a headline grabber while any time the projects above are mentioned it negative Nimby articles?
Can I get grandmas recipe? That looks dope! Yorkshire puddings are the same as pancakes, but make the amount for 6, and triple it to make this :) (3 eggs is what my grandmother used, so if a recipe says to use 1, times everything by 3).
Big difference is that land is cheaper in Texas and governments dont  interfere with private property rights once zoned. Australia is a locked up country, locked up bureaucracy, nanny state laws and endless regulations that rarely achieves its objectives. From my experience in Texas is that they have a  greater desire to protect the natural beauty and wilderness values than  just about all our governments  while still making Texas the cheapest places to build  a house or own land.  We have lots of potential but we squander our opportunities because of our stupid politicians. ....yes, but here, you're not going to get shot by someone who thinks they have the right to own a military weapon, and if you do get hurt, you can be taken to hospital and treated without having a crippling bill follow you out of the hospital and having to declare medical bankruptcy; you can go to university without being laden with debt as soon as you get out and we have elections that are run by an impartial independent body, not potentially by the incumbent.
Sorry, I'll take here, thanks, over that lunatic asylum.
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. If this is true he’s way smarter than I would want to give him credit for.
I just hope you know that it's a fake news, Images are not related drugs picture is from Nepal where father son duo was held with banned tablets. Thats why I laughed. Crazy it even got close to 1000 likes and even more tweets.
The leaders of the Church of England should be wary about clumsily intervening into complex political issues at the best of times. To do so on Easter Sunday feels very wrong. Archbishop of York views particularly wrong headed. Claims he’s in tune with majority of the public ? @USER Interesting. Your kind will be looking to silence  @USER in the same way the Nazis placed Martin Niemöller in a concentration camp. #RwandaNotInMyName #RwandaDeportation. You are so utterly on the wrong side of history.
What van would be acceptable for you? 
WE know what a Union flag is you patronising twat. Triggered much?
@USER You’re in for a good night. @USER Tonight’s gonna be a good good night.
What do you do for stress relief ? @USER  @USER 21 deep breaths in and out.
???? ?? ??????? 
Wrong answers only. @USER Crypto is a emotion of next generation.
In general, the Irish don't do big expressive celebrations like that. Seems like more an American thing? 
We're too shy. I dunno man, I'd be sweating at the thought of finding a tenner.
Can we just stop with this now? I enjoy finding out the backstory, and what happened next.
Ballarat
Race 10  No.8
DAN MIELICKI
$100 WIN       #DAY7
 @USER #harnesscharitychallenge 
#TrottersOnly     
Was $6.50 Fixed early ☹️. @USER  @USER Might of forgot to take off.
Plague, Inc.  100% fucked. Hahhahahahah. That is just the real world rn.
@USER Ajeyo Chandigarh panjab university ch gandhi bhawan kol baithe milange uthi ajeo fr chlange jithe jana ? @USER ??jrur jrur.
Before the usual suspects mock #JoeBiden for falling off his bike, remember that if #DonaldTrump fell over he'd never be able to get up again. @USER That is true…we saw him attempt a ramp ?
It's not just a London thing, it's annoying as hell. You just want to tell them it's not gonna fall off! They don't have to keep guard of it just incase haha. Why is someone with there hands down there tracksuit annoying you.
In the world of #golf

1. LIV enthusiasts claim  @USER is second coming of Christ, the best thing since sliced bread -  IT IS NOT

2.  @USER loyalists claim LIV is a clown show &amp; unwatchable - SO NOT TRUE

3. Golf journalism is dead

4. Strangely, neutral is not an option. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes imagine if you watched both 
Or watched one but did not mind about the other 
Or watched neither but did not mind either.
The secret is to count your calories for everything you eat. Calories in - calories out. If you eat an actual portion of ice cream, that’s maybe like 120 calories which isn’t too bad. But if you eat the entire tub or a full bowl you’re in trouble. If you’re looking for casual snacks: veggies. I do celery with low calorie ranch, cherry tomatoes, broccoli, or carrots. I can eat so much for a relatively low amount of calories and it’s very satisfying. Also cut out all soda or drinks except water. Counting calories as a strategy to lose weight generally never works.   
Plus your eating low calorie ranch,  which is probably worse for your health at the end of the day.
@USER Gm bro ☀️. @USER Gm bro.
Wait I think the biggest issue here is why was the parade on Saturday 29th February?! Belmar has the traditional first Sunday of March St Paddy's Day Parade here in Jersey, Asbury Park gets the 2nd Sunday for their parade.  It's all the towns trying to book the same  marching bands and bagpipers.
@USER Is it the perspective or are those stickers enormous?! @USER Just the perspective, I wish we had giant stickers ?
Ben Mendelsohn just quietly sitting on my train this morning and no one else recognises him, the man has played the most iconic scumbags, done Star Wars and Marvel, and just travels as a civilian in Melbourne. @USER Lawrence Fishburne was staying in same hotel in Sydney and helped me with my crossword in the hotel bar. I had no idea who he was &amp; asked what he was doing in Aus. He said filming a movie. It was the Matrix. (My friend was in it too, she played the woman in red dress) nice guy.
The wealth of the top 1% increased by $6.5 trillion last year.  It's not radical to tax the rich. It's radical to let a small group of oligarchs hoard that much wealth. @USER Past due.
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. That doesn't sound right at all.
Is it only ireland that landlords are supposed to fully furnish their rental properties? Other countries you get an empty apartment except for a fridge and cooker. It's not necessary but an option.
When I was suddenly widowed I thought many would come running to my side &amp; we’d reminisce in loving memory about my late husband. This did not happen. Instead, I felt like a ghost. #TuesdayMorning. @USER ? hugs.
It's not an exaggeration to say that Australia has been slowly creeping towards ideological totalitarianism. As the media landscape shrinks even further, I despair that we may drift even further to the right as a nation with an endless stream of corrupt neo-liberal sociopaths in charge for the foreseeable future. It's always going to be "our" fault for voting them in.
Never their fault for being corrupt PoS that shouldn't be near government at all.
Open a roth 401k. If you scale your earnings throughout your lifetime even starting now at as little as 10 or less a week you will have a boatload of cash when your 40 50 or 60. Also work hard now, Find something that pays a living wage that you want to learn everything you can about and you will also find a mentor, or they will find you. 
I waited 2 years to go to college and its a blessing and a curse. A mentor in a field of something that you are interested in is a godsend, mirror their path while doing your own dd to decide what the best course of action is.
iirc, women were also the biggest victims in Gujarat Riots... This is India, we dont give a damn about women. They are property. Our ministers say "we will abduct their 100 woman if they take our 1 woman" like they're tender meat. That's what they are to us.
@USER Hope you took your own advice? @USER Course!
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER ??
@USER Oh you dirty bugger ? @USER If it’s too clean, I feel as though it’s unAustralian.
@USER Good morning Lee!! Today is s new day! @USER Yes it is.
A simpler theory is that the PM is going for a digital detox. r/NoSurf.
Séamus Power eagles 7 and he's one-under for the day and T20 on Ev. This has been some start to his major career. @USER .  @USER v  @USER in the Barton Shield, 20 years ago. The day a Star was born……?⛳️.
@USER Rumours are the Unite Birmingham hotel is fully booked with Tory’s for conference week.
Even Lens suite. @USER  @USER With all the favours he’s done for them over the years, it’s only right that they reciprocate.
@USER Oh Prue. If you're at the point where you think trolling a child is a great idea Dan Murphy's really should hold an intervention. @USER  @USER Had me laughing out loud ??
@USER ?Good Morning!!✌️. @USER Have a great day!?
I recall a story about Sunil Gavaskar ji doing something similar for a muslim family during riots in Mumbai. He said that they will have to kill him first before they could harm him. Too young to see him play cricket but this is the story I really find amazing. It takes an insane amount of courage to do some thing like this. I remember this story. This was in one of our hindi textbooks and he was mentioned as little master.
@USER Fantastic Elaine ?? @USER The relief B ????
GF used to work there in marketing they get these requests daily.
A former director wanted to bring them back but marketed as Oliver Twists. He was advised this probably wasn't a good idea. He was right that would have been brilliant.
Have to laugh at the Collingwood fans on here who have been talking down Ollie Henry ever since he requested a trade now suddenly complaining that a pick in the mid-20s isn’t enough. @USER I'm a Collingwood supporter but after Buckley sent half a dozen premiership players out the door nothing else amazes me these days! I like Ollie but if he wants to go to Geelong so he can play with his brother SO BE IT! END OF STORY!! KAPUTSKI!!
What is most surprising about your favorite NFL team through 2 games? @USER Just beat The Bengals, Cowboys Linebacker Core is a Beast!
Sad how many young people still choose to follow regressive practices. In UP,what else do they have? no job,no empathy,no love.
4 or 5. Nothing else qualifies. When hot rub some butter on them and let it melt. Mmm. Correct answer.
Yes. You sure? I haven't heard anything.
It’s a fucking disgrace that we can’t protect the doctors and health staff working in hospitals.
Why don’t they have all the protective equipment? When there is a suspected case, then they wear PPE. When there isn't any suspicion of a case, then they don't wear PPE. What guides "clinical suspicion" are the clinical guidelines... which state things like "recent return from an affected area (China, Iran etc).." Now that we have domestic transmission, it's probable that the guidelines might be updated, which will lower the bar at which doctors and nurses wear PPE.
No, you are what you are born as. 
NO IDENTIFYING. Jeepers, no need to shout!
Pakistan just helped with a peace deal in Afghanistan. India is ripping its own people apart with hate. That's a bad example. Pakistan helped the Taliban in Afghanistan and helped in ripping the country apart.
The irish seal rescue guy is on the ballot. Indeed, for some^cough reason I'll be voting for this lad.?
Why. Because it’s outstanding at low temperatures! Since it’s -14 here today, it should perform incredibly well.
Ow ? In Sydney’s wet, wrestled a green bin down the driveway in the slippery dark. Two knuckles hurting. Same two knuckles were fractured thirty years ago hitting a basketball, hoping they’re not refractured. On the other hand (groan), ambidextrous practice yayy. @USER Ouch! Hope they’re settling down now. Those bins are brutal!
I like that people always are worried that Epstein was murdered instead of suicide. What if this was a ploy to cover up that he just escaped or paid his way out of prison? THIS!
Lol. They said they will demand resignation of HM. 
Aiming for the stars I guess. With that attitude. We still would have been slaves of britishers.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations Anne. ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Alanna it’s wonderful.
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER The whole Nation needs to go on strike… except for Bankers and Energy Corporations of course???
2? 2 what? 2 speed? 2 I don't suppose 200% was an option on that one. There's a decimal point there if you squint real hard. 0's are overrated.
I hear a lot of people complaining that in LA it's hard to find good friends when the better question is, are you a good friend? @USER Yup I am lol.
???? ?? ??????? 
Wrong answers only. @USER Crypto is a emotion of next generation.
What about the significant drop in homeless figures during the election campaign and then this month there back up over 10000. I knew when the figures came out just before the election it was fishy as fuck.
@USER Bore bad…normal day to sit with guys drink. @USER  @USER And eat achu.
Wow my name is Sapphire and I didn't really even know they came in green...
This is embarassing. Nice try u/byepolerbare. We can all see your name above your comment.
Has no one mentioned Epstein? It’s like the one conspiracy theory I can think of that is probably thought to be true by the majority of all normal people
Edit: thank you all of reddit for telling me that I missed the previous comments like mine. Its not even a theory anymore, its basically accepted as fact by anyone who has at least two brain cells and no vested interest in defending him.
UP is so fucked if corona breaks out. It's already fucked.
IMO there are far more important and pressing infrastructural issues to build right now than a pipe-dream high-speed rail to places that are sparsely populated. A metro for Dublin or any semblance of good public transport in Cork would be a start. Exactly, it's this wish washy fantasy stuff that distracts from the realistic projects like Metro, Dart expansion and underground and the expansion of rail and bus services in Cork.
Why is this fantasy a headline grabber while any time the projects above are mentioned it negative Nimby articles?
@USER Could you please provide your address so we can follow up with the Environmental Health Team. Thank you. @USER I have sent u a DM.
@USER No way that is real. @USER It is and there is heaps more like it.
A new one for you; the Chinese government are responsible for the implementation & the outbreak of the Coronavirus. 
... do you see rioting anymore? Maybe it doesn't exist.. they perpetuated coronavirus as a way to bar the Hong Kong riots from being in the news. The worst part, this virus is halting global markets and striking fear in everyone.
A simpler theory is that the PM is going for a digital detox. r/NoSurf.
I know everyone is saying don't give into the fearmongering by the media, but if you ask me it's pretty sensible to stay the fuck outta Dublin rn. The only two cases are there, and tho they've been "contained" there could be more, especially if they've only tested 392 people. It'll obviously get worse as the weeks go by, Paddy's day will be a melting pot for spreading it even further. It's not looking positive lads.
Fucking hell it's only March, can 2020 just fuck off? >  don't give into the fearmongering 
>but if you ask me it's pretty sensible to stay the fuck outta Dublin rn
....
Admin rights on my office PC. 
Pretty big deal in a school, that. Admin rights on the whole network
(school IT techie).
Wasn't wombats the natural heroes of the bush fires just a few weeks ago? They were herding and providing small animals with shelter in their burrows. Now they are pests?!
What is wrong with people?? Well there are no more fires now so we're going to have to let you go /s.
Sex? You guys are having sex?
>How when he was looking for partners to play Badminton, most hindu groups didn't take him in but the Muslim guys welcomed him with open arms.
What? That was hilarious!
Wordle 359 3/6

⬛?⬛⬛?
???⬛?
????? Wordle 360 4/6

?⬛??⬛
⬛???⬛
⬛???⬛
?????
@USER Always down , never up ? I wonder what happens down there. @USER Actually I heard it go up about half an hour earlier but I was on my mat in the middle of an online Pilates class so didn't look!
@USER Hello, if anyone reading this would be willing to talk to us, we're working on another story about renting for next week and keen to feature your experience: eredman@theage.com.au. @USER  @USER I looked up the Greens policy on their website the other day and it’s significantly better that the one liner about rent freezes they keep spouting. I don’t get why they are going with that line when they have a good policy. @AdamBandt’s thing about reaching for the stars &amp; all.
If your Twitter Crush said “Ima be in your area a couple hours away, can you come and let me take you on a date?” Not a link, a legit date. Would you go? Or no? Are you scared? @USER I would I'm never scared of shit but women are just as crazy as a man these day's ?  real shit ? but I love to try new shit ???✌️.
Indian parents force their kids to study 16 hrs/day, force them to take tuition, spend lakhs on coaching so they score 90% but never prepare them for #stress, #anxiety, #depression they experience after losing seat to someone scoring 50%. Sadly, Equality exists only in books. @USER Talent is like water and it will find its own level … yes it’s pain but their is no gain without pain and that’s y they say when going gets tough, tough gets going so don’t worry as reservation will always make us stay ahead with hard work.
There's not enough details in this post, but let's assume 4 day week to make up 30 hours, that's 8 trips. And maybe one return trip at weekends every second week (I'm being conservative). Average of 9 trips a week then. Let's say 2.60 each, that's 23.40 a week, below the cap. That works out 1,216.8 a year.
Current tax liability is 18,000 multiplied by 0.2=3,600. Let's assume credits of 3,300, so annual tax liability of 300. With this relief taxable income would be 16,550, liability = 16,550 multiplied by 0.2=3,310, minus tax credits of 3,300 means final annual tax liability of 10 euro. Savings of 290 euro.
Also save on prsi but 18,000/52=346 a week, which is less than 352 so no prsi liability, therefore nothing to save on.
Finally, USC, the 1,450 would not be subject to USC, so that's 2% of 1,450, = 29 euro.
Total savings of 319 euro, meaning the ticket will really have a net cost of 1,131.
That's a saving of 85.8 a year compared to the cost I calculated in my example. Then take into account nitelinks, which are included in the tax saver ticket. And the convenience of it.
Even if only on the 2.15 bus fare it would still be worth it in my opinion. OP you can do out the numbers yourself based on your fare and frequency of getting the bus and see for yourself. Thank you for the detail, much appreciated! ?
I’m a teacher and you sound like a very annoying student. I guess it is annoying getting shown up for your ignorance on a very basic topic (this was GCSE level btw not primary school so it is quite important to not tell students the wrong thing).
Bugger I missed that Glover save let me just rewi….oh never mind #MCYvWUN. @USER They did show a replay to be fair ?
@USER Good morning Lee. Have a good day. Take care ? @USER Hello Andy happy Thursday my friend. Good to see you have a fabulous day.???
@USER Gm bro ☀️. @USER Gm bro.
What's 3/21-4/1? But it's as safe here as it is in the US. March 21 - April 1.
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. Surprises me that Hugo Boss would have an issue. I could see Suntory having a problem with them using the name.
@USER surprised by all the non-pot hole talk. some so big today they could eat my bike. @USER  @USER I should have tuned in - I have so many feelpinions about potholes.
One that have boobs. I saw comments like these coming.
Why the heck do people even do engineering from a 3rd tier college lmao? What else do you suggest them to do?
Jose is genuinely the best counter in this team, and by quite a distance as well. @USER Shocking tactics by them Dan.
It makes me wonder why don't they put headlights on gimbal mountings so they stay horizontal irrespective of dips and slopes in the road surface. They can do it with steadicams - why not headlights? The headlights need to be level relative to the slope of the road, or they will be too high when coming downhill and too low going uphill.
@USER A wet race is the ultimate.
That’s when you find out who can really drive. @USER I think a few drivers were regretting not starting the race in their tinnies.
Use toilet paper as a glove. Ditto.
As much as i detest godi media, i feel sorry for this guy. I literally know nothing about him except for the fact that he is the OG b and d guy. Hahahaha. I don't feel sorry tho.
Pedigree foods are American, you're literally funding Israeli missile drops into Palestinian homes. Reddit is an American website. Your traffic is literally funding Israeli missile drops into Palestinian homes.
Masturbated to catchphrase at Saturday dinner time. It’s good, but it’s not right.
it's disgusting. I've been trying to get dettol and Epson salts for my dogs infected foot for 2days now. I've been to around 10shops so far and everyone just laughs when you ask about having it in stock  
wtf are people doing with so much Epson salts! Cutting ice.
I didn't take the call personally (thankfully) but I heard the recording of a mother who found her 3yr old at the bottom of the pool. Her screams were truly horrific. oh shit. is the baby okay?
Weight gain is more difficult than weight loss ,? change my mind if you can. @USER Pran Jaaye Par Wajan Na Jaaye.
They might have been right. Probably.... But not for this reason.
Shepherds pie is made with lamb. Good to hear the real truth.
Great. Grab a corona before the virus closes the pubs and stores. Which one? The one from Mexico or China?
@USER Have a great safe day?????☕️☕️☕️. @USER Thank you Deacon.❤.
If you are wearing this mask for screening corona virus whole day, you will be the first person to catch it. At least wear proper dress like doctors in China. Also those proper masks lose their effectivity after 4 hours( moisture from breath) so change it frequently.
Where the Dart is always 11 to 14 minutes away, I've spent days of my life waiting there. The 2 minute walk down from main street would always fill me with anxiety as you have a clear view of the platform and any approaching trains that you are about to miss.. Well this fella is out of service. You’d probably reach the platform, see him arriving, breathe a sigh of relief, then shake your fist as he drives by without stopping. 
The last two hours of his shift have him rostered to rattle up and down the tracks, snatching false hope away from people standing in the cold.
England shirt £75 on England Store

Free delivery on orders over £20 

10% off with code ESC10 … they then add on £5 delivery ? @USER Saves you what, £2,50??
@USER  @USER  @USER Oh how wonderful!! Congrats! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Josh! (I’ll never forget how kind you were when I lost my job, which was the exact period in which I was writing this one. It meant/ means a lot!) X.
Dog barks at me every once in a while for no reason. New bad habit. Maybe you should give him more treats? :D.
People are now justifying "Goli Maro" shouting at Metro Station. What's their excuse this time?
Just back from seeing a great play in the Civic Theatre in Tallaght called ‘No Magic Pill’. It’s about the life of Martin Naughton the late great disability activist. Highly recommend it. @USER At the 3pm show.
@USER Hannah &amp; Nick . Now that is really getting close to nature !!! Foxes are very cool was at Rockley Park last week in caravan in  Dorset and got to feed a fox one night.obligatory trip to Studlands and sea was quite warm.. H. @USER Sounds great! We swam at port meadow yesterday. The river is definitely starting to cool….
Like why? We get it, coronavirus is serious, but you don't need like 20 packets of toilet rolls?? Wechat + 3x mark up?
Trump was already president and it was shit. He was impeached twice. He drove us into a disease-ridden hellstate of death and unemployment and debt. Then he pretended he won for 2 months and unleashed the kraken of cons lying relentlessly until he incited an attack on the Capitol. @USER  @USER Twice impeached, de-platformed, disgraced, coup inciting madman.
Vigilance Bureau arrested Davinder Kumar, Assistant Registrar, Co-operative &amp; Marketing Societies, block Dasuya, District Hoshiarpur red-handed for accepting a bribe of ₹20,000. Accused has been supervising 70 Cooperative Societies in block Dasuya including above said at Tanda. @USER ਸਰਕਾਰ ਬਹੁਤ ਵਧੀਆ ਕੰਮ ਕਰ ਰਹੀ ਹੈ| ਹਾਲੇ ਹੋਰ ਵਕਤ ਦੀ ਉਡੀਕ ਕਰਨੀ ਬਣਦੀ ਹੈ|ਸਰਕਾਰ ਆਗਾਮੀ ਸਮੇਂ ਵਿੱਚ ਹੋਰ ਵਿਕਾਸ ਦੀਆ ਨੀਤੀਆ ਲਿਆਏਗੀ|.
Cluster headaches are some dose. 
Had everything checked and all grand, but they really know how to knock the shite out of ye. It’s a pretty intense jolt. @USER Did you try eliminating sugar from your diet , it worked for my sister she was getting desperate migraines.
From the U.S.  and I know no one that drinks milk.  Not one person.   A weird take sir. Up here in my pseudo-hillbilly corner of the Rockies, our Safeway has an entire cooler section just for the 1 gallon jugs of whole milk. It’s a staple of 90% of everybody I know’s fridge and unofficially, it’s our number one hangover cure, too. If a friend opens his door holding a gallon of milk, I know he’s in the middle of regretting the night before. My ex and I broke our refrigerators middle shelf because of the combined weight of his 2 gallons of 2% and my 2 gallons of whole milk that we bought weekly. (No, neither of us were or are obese. Lol)
I once laughed with a friend of mine at his Dad for offering his deck builders milk while they worked in 90°f (32.2°c) heat. 3 guys took him up on his offer, choosing it over Gatorade. 
In shop class in highschool, I built a 1/2 gallon milk container holder with a handle for my Nanna because she was struggling to lift them anymore.  Our local restaurants have giant milk chillers next to the waitresses soda stations. 
I dunno what part of the U.S. you’re from but milk is... MILK, here. Haha.
I would like to see a picture of the cart before I decide my suitable level of outrage. If you believe the Daily Mail...  URL.
Spamming Instagram with "Normie Garbage", and spamming TikTok with "Simp Trash". You forgot spamming 4chan with braindead threads.
I'm out with my family right now for dinner, it was a good day, maybe one of my best bday, thank you to each and everyone of you who wished me, it means a lot to me, I love you all ❤️. ichate to be that guy but kal firse sab kuchh vaisa hi dull and boring life will come back and haunt you.
Is it only ireland that landlords are supposed to fully furnish their rental properties? Other countries you get an empty apartment except for a fridge and cooker. It's not necessary but an option.
@USER Floella Benjamin. @USER Definitely.
@USER What app is this so I can never install it. @USER Fitbit.
What in the actual crap is wrong with you. ;).
Q4. What is the refresh rate of the #GalaxyZFlip3 display?
A. 60Hz
B. 90Hz
C. 80Hz
D. 120Hz
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER Q4) D. 120Hz ?

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy 
@stufflistings.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Ah, Packie that’s magic. Some memories. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Remember we went there in 94 Paul.
Give it the sniff test, people really underestimate the accuracy of it. Also works well on first dates.
@USER Robyn, that is a massive rejection and indictment of 99% of the historical and global church. It does sound a bit like, all who came before and all apart from my progressive Christianity are thieves and robbers. @USER  @USER This is a nice sounding rhetorical flourish  @USER but like Robyn you believe the church was wrong about slavery and equality of women for a long time… why not this issue too?
Wallace and Grommet: Vampire Bunnies. 
I was very young, and scared. But the rest of the class was laughing their butts off. I thought it was only me who was fucking scared of that movie.
How tf people keep travelling all the fucking time? Paisa ugate he shayd.
There’s an app called Meetup that runs various things in Dublin, check it out. I personally go to the drinks on Wednesdays but there’s also other activities on there. Ive been on it before but didnt seem to find anything. I think I'll re-download it.
casually joins you
Every time I log out of my bank they're there. And ad with them in is on repeat in my local branch. How I'm a Zelebrity is still going after all these years is beyond me. And please, God, why do people pretend they can't tell them apart? I think I'd have to switch banks.
No, the time to start good hygiene was  BEFORE the spread, not after... And at work I have battles with the filthy pigs all the time.  These are the people who think that washing up in the lunch room kitchen sink is OK. The worst ones are the ones who go to the toilet, then walk out and want to wash their hands in the lunch room sink, till I see them. 
Then there are certain cohorts who think that clearing and blowing their noses and shotgun blasting the hand basin with snot  and blood is normal behavior. These are the grubs that think that after a toilet visit you need a full head wash and to expunge every hole into the wash basin including endless spitting. What is it  with these filthy people and their habits? 
I  get this issue raised at all toolbox and occupational health safety meetings. There are people that are uncivilized, filthy and uncouth that need to be  educated. It might be okay in certain countries to act like a grub but not in Australia.
Then lets talk about the people with colds and flu who walk around like babies with dripping  noses sniffing and sucking up their drips into their noses up like kids. They seem not to know what a tissues or handkerchief is  for. Maybe its time to reintroduce hygiene  classes at schools again because there seems to be a generation of adults who have no idea what basic hygiene is!
It's so important to post your content to other platforms for growth. You're not going to grow by just streaming constantly and not branching out. @USER THIS IS FACTS!
Been wondering about this as well. I am skeptical about any explanation that gives credit to our "robust border checks and systems" - those do not exist.
Looking at the list of countries affected, you will see that the rich and developed countries are at the top, and the poor and underdeveloped countries are reporting less than 10 cases. It almost looks like an Olympics medal tally table.
Either we are not identifying the cases, or maybe we our bodies have better immunity because of constant exposure to filth and diseases. >robust border checks and systems
At Mumbai international airport, arrivals from SEA countries: Temperature reading, and that was that.
@USER  @USER Is she related to Dorries? @USER  @USER  @USER Dorris death stare..
@USER I got some cool ones in Matalan (cream with black stars), &amp; Peacocks, (sloths) ? @USER  @USER Sloths? I NEED some of those.
Enjoy it while it lasts. Our government and the IMF are of the opinion that avoiding the next bubble crash without sufficient interest pliability will require negative interest rates which will only be viable if cash is removed from the system.  It has begun. Obviously the limit here is 10k for now, but that will decrease as is clearly stated, just like certain other countries. 
I like our new 50's, very cool, but my local car wash doesn't recognize new notes. You're supposed to wear the tin foil, not eat it.
What do you do for stress relief ? @USER  @USER 21 deep breaths in and out.
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER C. 12MP

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy.
Human activity causes pollution shocker. China still denies they cause pollution all the same.
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. That's literally what the article is about... I guess nobody reads the articles anymore?
Its a fuck up big deal, somone pressed the wrong button.  Of course they didn't explain it,  they wouldnt have known about it.
What I dont understand, why didnt you enquire instore instead of getting behind your keyboard and sending them an enquiry and then getting all pissed off because they haven't called you., yet. Because I work, do all the housework and cooking, and raise two disabled kids. Sure, I'll just find to drive down for a chat instore.  If I'm promised a callback I expect one.
"We're going to skate to one song, one song only.". Is that Blades of Glory?
If Muslims are prone to crime, and Indian police is biased against Muslims, then why are only 16% of convicted prisoners are Muslims?
That statistic does not show that Muslims are disproportionately criminal. Most likely because of they constitute only 14% of the population? (According to wiki).
The leaders of the Church of England should be wary about clumsily intervening into complex political issues at the best of times. To do so on Easter Sunday feels very wrong. Archbishop of York views particularly wrong headed. Claims he’s in tune with majority of the public ? @USER Interesting. Your kind will be looking to silence  @USER in the same way the Nazis placed Martin Niemöller in a concentration camp. #RwandaNotInMyName #RwandaDeportation. You are so utterly on the wrong side of history.
It's also fascinating to see people on the Left suddenly screaming "The markets are losing confidence in the Truss plan!!! Look at the pound!!!! Look at the ratings agencies!!!! We have to listen to the markets!!!!". @USER Are these people in the room with us now, Dan?
You need margarine. Didn't meant to get you down voted.  I asked a question and you replied.  Thank you for the response; edited my reply to reflect that.  Cheers!
@USER GM ❤️the same situation and I already tired of it bans ? @USER How many days u r now? Even though I’ve got one ❌- I still got limited retweets. 
Hopefully u’ll be free soon!???
“For I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God that brings salvation to everyone who believes: first to the Jew, then to the Gentile.”
Romans 1:16. @USER  @USER Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl. Instead they put it on its stand, and it gives light to everyone in the house. In the same way, let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.

Matthew 5:15-16.
Good stuff lads. With progress like this, we’ll have Leitrim gone in no time. Can confirm Fermanagh has been added to the list.
Who wants another Badscandal Glen power release? @USER Yesssssss ?
Locking money down just in time before the next recession... ahhj yeah! It is incredibly authoritarian/Orwellian. 
I am equally dumbfounded that the Liberal government would consider such a bill and that the Labor party would agreed to support the governments bill when it appears such an obvious move to vote it down with the cross bench. You would think that "the liberals coming for your savings account" would have more of an impact on supporters than this "sports rort" saga.
Question for people older than me: Were the left always such unutterable pieces of garbage, or have they gotten a lot worse in recent years? @USER MUCH MUCH worse. Very dangerous.
India is a rogue nation of RSS Hindutva. ISIS if it was Hindu basically.
If it makes you guys feel any better I live in Manhattan now and people call Staten Island “Trash Island” and “The Garbage People” unironically for this very reason. Even New Yorkers hate Staten Island. Even people that live on Staten Island hate Staten Island. Well at least roughly half.
Gotta commit to the lie. 
Youngish (25-30) guy, what I think is his mum and a mate come to door. Main guy p1 is up first. 
After ID checks etc 
B1 “I need to do a quick search if that’s ok before I can get you in here”
P1 “yea of course, go ahead”
B1 direct to the little pocket you get on jeans. And pull out a bag of again cocaine. 
P1 just stares at me blankly and then asks “ok am I ok to go in then?”
B1 “no sorry mate you’re in possession of drugs you’re not coming in here”
P1 “ohh that’s not mine”
B1 “who’s is it”
P1 “I don’t know” 
P2 and P3 look on in astonishment. Obviously unaware this guy does coke.
To spare you from an Inane back and forth that followed this as he was 100% adamant it wasn’t his, he don’t know how it got there. (I did confirm they were indeed his trousers just in case) still staring blankly. B2 and B3 are dying with laughter as it’s beyond silly now but he’s so committed to the lie it’s almost admirable. 
Eventually his mum got his arm and dragged him off up the road. URL.
@USER Superstar ? @USER I have learned from the best and I had the support of an excellent team.
Not many. It's not original enough. Well should I insert a picture of penis or something?
@USER  @USER અભિનંદન ♥️. @USER  @USER Wah gundes?
Bisexual. Not gay. There is a difference. Don't be part of the bisexual erasure. Thanks. Erasure?
Have you ever... ever felt like this? When strange things happen, are you going round the twist?
In the world of #golf

1. LIV enthusiasts claim  @USER is second coming of Christ, the best thing since sliced bread -  IT IS NOT

2.  @USER loyalists claim LIV is a clown show &amp; unwatchable - SO NOT TRUE

3. Golf journalism is dead

4. Strangely, neutral is not an option. @USER  @USER  @USER Yes imagine if you watched both 
Or watched one but did not mind about the other 
Or watched neither but did not mind either.
Nobody cares about black history month including a large percentage of blacks . Where'd ya get your stats from, my friend? Do you have a specific percentage that you can give us along with the source you got it from?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Take appropriate action taking cognizance of the complaint. #upe101022. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Today is 15th day without electricity and not get any improvement on it and no hope for today also.
 @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  #15days no electricity.
I got my electricity bill yesterday and it's my first full bill since I installed PV solar panels. Gone from 19kw usage to 8.5kw. And it saves 2.5 litres of heating oil a day too, approx €3.75/day. About €450 saving in the 63days (2 month bill). @USER Waiting for lads to call to look at installing for the farm. There flat out at the minute. Pay back will be quicker with the way increases keep coming!
Wow! Maureen Lipman on lbc states “the Queen’s death has United the country including the Corbynistas and people live in the real world”
What a classless comment. @USER Why has a mediocre former actor been asked for a comment?
These labels are good but what they really need to do is specify the country of origin for the major ingredient. if I couldnt get it produced here, I'd settle for grown/produced in NZ, packed here.
Unknown origin, no thanks, I'll just do without. Didn't buy bacon this week for this exact reason. Most bacon comes from Denmark, or so I was told.
Some process takes place here, which explains the 21% (or similar) Australian content. 
There are a couple of brands that are really Australian (or 98%), the packet I bought yesterday from Woolies  was  Bertocchi.
My local butcher also makes bacon and ham.
Are you Afraid to fly? I am. @USER I was in the beginning but now I fly a lot so not so much.
How to gain followers? ? @USER Kachaa badaam wali video bana lena?
@USER  @USER  @USER I know I should be trying to big up the political side of it but don't underestimate the influence the council exectives can have over infrastructure like this.

I think DCC have more cllrs who use a bike day to day than DLR but I may be wrong. DCC defo more left than DLR too. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The planning, trial/tweaking, implementation and learning from the CMR seems to have established a template. And the building up of expertise at the council with a cross disciplinary team seems to be a formula for success too. I feel DCC still prefers a  heavy engineered approach.
Fill in the blanks and give it back, I think that's the game. My brother recommended posting a note saying:
“I’ll park wherever I want you   _  _  _  _   _  _ _ “.
"The court has heard that at the time Ms Higgins claims she was in the toilet at work having a panic attack for three hours, she was actually at a valedictory lunch for Steven Ciobo with her ex-boyfriend Ben Dillaway." 
WOW! @USER  @USER Just a liar ??
got my wisdom teeth out and am very sore ? @USER Hang in there sweetness!
मोदी जी के बाद प्रधानमन्त्री पद के लिए आपकी अगली पसंद क्या होगी बताएं 

1. योगी आदित्यनाथ       2.❓❓❓❓. @USER श्री नितिन गडकरी जी.
It’s one of those days where I have deleted more reply’s than normal … it’s a case of ?…. @USER I'm glad I haven't tweeted much today?
New Culture Secretary Michelle Donelan on Radio 4 says she wants to look again at the “business case” for selling Channel 4

Seems like sale is being kicked into long grass. @USER  @USER Hopefully...
It's not an exaggeration to say that Australia has been slowly creeping towards ideological totalitarianism. As the media landscape shrinks even further, I despair that we may drift even further to the right as a nation with an endless stream of corrupt neo-liberal sociopaths in charge for the foreseeable future. It's always going to be "our" fault for voting them in.
Never their fault for being corrupt PoS that shouldn't be near government at all.
@USER  @USER Good Morning 19. Have a great Thursday. @USER  @USER Thank you.❤.
एवढया वर्षे झाले ट्विटर वापरते पण like ला चार वेळा प्रेस केल्यावर स्क्रिनशॉट निघतो हे आज समजले ?‍♀️?‍♀️. @USER Ho ka.
In the coming weeks or months I will need community groups. Sligo based preferably.
Let me know if you are interested. @USER Tell me more :-).
Don't know that much more needs saying about how the death of ERII affected us all differently, but am absolutely willing to acknowledge that my hysteria the day The Big Yin checks out will put the most unionjacketed of the last week to shame. @USER Same but when Attenborough pops off.
Hot spot your phone. I don't use mobile internet.
Maintain eye contact and keep going. and nice slow, steady strokes.
@USER  @USER Dear Sir/Madam, we assure you that we're with you in this. In order to protect your privacy and maintain confidentiality, we have replied to you via direct message. @USER  @USER This shows how fraudulent your services are and your bank as well.

I haven't received any message from your bank yet.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Shame no one will be able to see such a 'crucial' event on TV. Is amateurish streaming on social media which has zero reach among the general public really the best the premier rally in Ireland can manage? Have a look at the NW200 to see how coverage should be done. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hey Say WhatNow, just wondered if you could expand on your thesis description of “amateurish” and the correlation coefficient where you decry viewership as “zero public reach” (in general terms) very interested to discuss and learn from your view point.
@USER Damn, lame 2* ? @USER Nothing lame about it, I'll take as many raids as you can  send to get a hundo though ?
@USER Wow Sal.????? @USER I know!! Lost 3 &amp; now gained 2 in one year???❤️???
Today, I am seven years sober. @USER Congratulations.
If he can consolidate Dalit and Muslim vote then it will be a massive blow to BJP. Dalits have been veering towards BJP inspite of it being a traditionally upper caste party. 70% of the total hindus are actually SC/ST/OBC so if he is able to have that vote, he will be GOLDEN.
@USER Beautiful. @USER Thanks ?
I mean their sausage rolls have actually beat other prize winning rolls in a taste test. I can't believe they've beaten sausage rolls made of actual meat.
This is the dickhead that urged more Holocaust education after Anti Semitic attacks last year  URL 
I guess it's all good humour and school boy antics Josh, until it's in your own backyard. Of all people, he should know better to pull his head in. Considering one of his staffers is incredibly anti-Semitic and Scott Morrison's got QAnon nutbags whispering in his ear I'm amazed Frydenberg hasn't realised he's in a shark tank and his bathers are made of chum.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Bet you’re glad you can now do beer tweets ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER !  @USER nails it again.
@USER  @USER Good Morning 19. Have a great Thursday. @USER  @USER Thank you.❤.
If he can consolidate Dalit and Muslim vote then it will be a massive blow to BJP. Dalits have been veering towards BJP inspite of it being a traditionally upper caste party. 70% of the total hindus are actually SC/ST/OBC so if he is able to have that vote, he will be GOLDEN.
I got my electricity bill yesterday and it's my first full bill since I installed PV solar panels. Gone from 19kw usage to 8.5kw. And it saves 2.5 litres of heating oil a day too, approx €3.75/day. About €450 saving in the 63days (2 month bill). @USER Waiting for lads to call to look at installing for the farm. There flat out at the minute. Pay back will be quicker with the way increases keep coming!
23 people infected. In country of seven million.
A few are on a cruise ship thousands of miles away, the rest are locked up in military airbase. Theres slightly more than 7 million in the country mate.
@USER Robyn, that is a massive rejection and indictment of 99% of the historical and global church. It does sound a bit like, all who came before and all apart from my progressive Christianity are thieves and robbers. @USER  @USER This is a nice sounding rhetorical flourish  @USER but like Robyn you believe the church was wrong about slavery and equality of women for a long time… why not this issue too?
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. If this is true he’s way smarter than I would want to give him credit for.
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. That doesn't sound right at all.
What's St Pattys? Patty is a burger. So I think it's "Saint Hamburger Day".
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER My age, It won’t go backwards.
How is nobody talking about how Brooke has not mentioned the apple when she has been all "THOMAS HAS A KNIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIFE!" 

#ohbrookeohtaylorohbrooke. @USER Doesn’t suit the narrative ?
No, you are what you are born as. 
NO IDENTIFYING. Jeepers, no need to shout!
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER C. 12MP

#GalaxyZFlip3 
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 
#GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway 
#stufflistingsarmy.
What's 3/21-4/1? But it's as safe here as it is in the US. March 21 - April 1.
Give it the sniff test, people really underestimate the accuracy of it. Also works well on first dates.
The guy accused of cheating at chess using vibrating anal beads might also explain Irish dancing. @USER Jaysus ?
@USER GM ❤️the same situation and I already tired of it bans ? @USER How many days u r now? Even though I’ve got one ❌- I still got limited retweets. 
Hopefully u’ll be free soon!???
Has nothing to do with Delhi Police. DP is under the Central Govt and they do their bidding. 
Kolkata Police is under TMC and they do their bidding. There will be no arrests if and when a TMC leader speak rubbish and they have in the past. 
They're all the same. The lesson for Police is that they should serve the public. We have a genius here. Maybe they should make you PM. Dumb idealist centrists are the worst.
There’s an app called Meetup that runs various things in Dublin, check it out. I personally go to the drinks on Wednesdays but there’s also other activities on there. Ive been on it before but didnt seem to find anything. I think I'll re-download it.
casually joins you
Every time I log out of my bank they're there. And ad with them in is on repeat in my local branch. How I'm a Zelebrity is still going after all these years is beyond me. And please, God, why do people pretend they can't tell them apart? I think I'd have to switch banks.
Guys are so lucky like, we dress up as your favourite wifus AND have boobs.

What a time to be alive. @USER I have a saying boobs are only as fun as the girl that has them I hope I’m not gonna be burned alive for this.
@USER Ok I will buy for u eventually. @USER  @USER i bought a black crewneck like a few days ago W.
@USER  @USER This is amazing! Would love to get these in the hands of some  @USER parents. @USER  @USER  @USER We 100% should do a fun taste testing with  @USER pet parents!
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Well it's all fine if the constitution of that Muslim majority country isn't biased. Places like Malaysia and Lebanon have had different religions thriving together for decades all while being religious.
And also a devout Muslim can still be a devout Muslim in a country devoid of any Islamic history.
Don't worry, rugby fans can easily afford Sky. One less ivory back-scratcher. Believe it or not. The great unwashed also enjoy rugby. It’s one of the few sports we are good at.
@USER Odeio-a tanto. @USER Samesies.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Melbourne is winter, winter, winter, winter as far as I'm concerned.
I’d pay your mother to have sex with me. Then I would invest the remaining 7 dollars. Lmaooo.
दिल्ली की जनता को पानी के बकाया बिलों से राहत दिलाने के लिए सरकार ने बड़ा निर्णय लिया है. पानी के बकाया बिलों पर लगने वाली लेट फ़ीस( लेट पेमेंट सरचार्ज) 31 दिसंबर 2022 तक के लिए 100% माफ रहेगी. यानि आप बिना लेट फ़ीस की चिंता किए अपने पुराने बकाया बिल भर सकते हैं. @USER Navra kam mat karvao sir or berojgaro ki madad karo.
Why does Mayo extend into the ocean but everywhere else stops at the coast? Hard to carve the islands of mayo without them breaking off, easier to do 2 stages of relief.
@USER No you're not. ? @USER Thank U ?
While Prince Harry fights the tabloids that destroyed his mother and abused his wife, his brother Prince William works with the same tabloids to fight his SIL and offers his children pictures to keep the same tabloids happy… The Windsor Princes. @USER Harry seems to be constantly unhappy. I don’t understand why he’s not living his best life with all that privilege.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER  @USER Good for you!
Instead of saying people who do bad things are not real hindus, real muslims, etc. acknowledge that there are bad people in every religion. True. People who spread hate and violence are dickheads irrespective of their religions.
@USER  @USER ??? @USER  @USER Thank you my guy ??
My son ordered the same pizza from Dominos so often, that once when he changed his order slightly they rang him to see if they had made a mistake. But why did he change his order?
So close to 9ct. I kept dropping it on the scales hoping somehow it would tip over but it didn't :-(.
Guy in a car deliberately run over a cyclist because the driver was in a rush. cyclist deliberately running red lights because rules don’t apply to them.
ஆடு இல்லாத தமிழ்நாடு அமைதியா தான் இருக்கு!?

Verified ? @USER Very correct.  Only I miss daily comedy  !!   All times happy is good for health but i miss only Because of Mr Adu Ammamalai, sorry come back soon and make TN happy.
@USER What does that do to Tesla economy? ? @USER To the moon.
Here's an article with more information:  URL 
>“As noted by the conservation officer, the polychromatic geometrical design has a resonance with the late Victorian architecture which is the predominant character of this part of the city centre conservation area and is considered to be an enhancement of the conservation area setting.”. > polychromatic geometrical design has a resonance with the late Victorian architecture 
Ahh yes, the classic Victorian aesthetic of Duplo.
The gold rush, the Melbourne real estate crash, Japan invading Russia, discovery of the XRay and who could forget the coronation of Tsar Nicholas II? Dream of the 1890s....
gamepigeonaddicts don’t drink alcohol they drink pure human juices. this is the second comments about drinking human juices and i don’t know how to feel about that.
Tulsis take on American foreign policy is refreshing. But yes the bottom line is that she is indeed a Sanghi. She was asked about the post-godhra riots and her answer was telling. Tulsi's foreign policy is all over the place
 URL.
Um....please don’t go back to work tomorrow. You should be self isolating! It's OK, Lord Kilclooney has you covered:
"Better for everyone that you are locked up for 14 days"
Apparently it's not a parody account, he's really that bad.
Just needs some sausages in it. My family also does a Yorkshire like this but instead of sausages puts the whole roasting joint in the middle (not covered with batter mind you) , the meaty juices infuse the pudding with amazing flavour.
one thing about me is that I want a FT salary on PT hours. @USER This is the dream for many ? hope you get it.
Are you Afraid to fly? I am. @USER I was in the beginning but now I fly a lot so not so much.
Human immune system learns through trial and error. The thing is western world is too fragile for Indian conditions, conditions highly optimal for growth and proliferation of infectious microorganisms (which includes the germs). Also we do not have a cold cycle (at least in the parts southern to regions where it snows) which can wipe out almost all of the infectious microbes. In Europe and America, the immune system of the people is not worked out as much as an Indian's immune system. Half of the year the immune system of western population is chilling owning to the environmental conditions favouring humans over microorganisms. 
The memory of the way to defend the  body from the microorganisms (henceforth microbes) is short lived (for about 30-50 days). Hence as soon as the cold cycle ends and the conditions turn favourable for the microbes and all the memory of the immune system of how to defend itself from the microbe is gone. All the microbes are aliens to the body even though there might not be a significant change in the microbes characteristics. Hence there prevention is best and hence the sanitizers , extreme safety precautions etc are brought about.
In case of India where the environmental situation is highly favourable to the microbes than the humans. We taking extreme precautions (like sanitizers for one) is just a waste of money and time. This habits truly makes you immunologically weaker & compromised. 
Hence we can say that we are inherently stronger than our western counterparts.
If theres any query regarding this please feel free to ask me any questions. I will answer what i know to my fullest. Thank you!
Upvoting this not because I totally believe you but for the simple fact that there are a lot of factors and variables involved wrt immunity including local environment, genetics, temperatures etc. It's a very interesting read.
OP mentioned a couple of published parameters and promptly concurred hand sanitizers are the best! (read sarcasm). Well, I need proof and references for the same, to objectively and conclusively prove or reject it. Otherwise, it's in the same league of those UN WhatsApp forwards.  
Hygiene is common sense but immunity is a different ball game.  
I mean, there are actual people writing their thesis on the same as we speak and along comes a  Google powered research paper.  
Till then, I think it would be best to leave the deductions to the specialists.
What's St Pattys? Patty is a burger. So I think it's "Saint Hamburger Day".
I get a yearly raise which is supposed to be in line with inflation but every year they tell us how many millions in profit they make and how it's not enough to give us all inflation rates so every year I effectively work for 1-2% less than I did the year before. I see you obviously work at the same place I do :-(.
Christ on a crumpet. People are whipping themselves up into a completely unecessary panic about this thing, OP included. Go about your normal business.  Here is the advice of the World Health Organisation:
>>RECOMMENDATIONS AND ADVICE FOR THE PUBLIC
If you are not in an area where COVID-19 is spreading, or have not travelled from an area where COVID-19 is
spreading, or have not been in contact with an infected patient, your risk of infection is low. It is understandable that you may feel anxious about the outbreak. It’s a good idea to get the facts from reliable sources to help you 
accurately determine your risks so that you can take reasonable precautions (See Frequently Asked Questions). 
We are currently low risk.  We have 25 cases, nine of which are citizens we brought home from the Diamond Princess, and fifteen of which have already recovered. While highly contagious, the illness is mild for the vast majority of people who get it, including young children who usually have higher mortality rates from flu-like illnesses.  Our health system has demonstrated that it is adept at catching and contact tracing cases, public awareness is high and people who are concerned they have been exposed have been exemplary in undertaking self-isolation. 
Quit. Panicking. 9 days ago, there were 3 confirmed cases in Italy. Today, there are 1128 confirmed cases.
 URL 
DoN't pANiC.
Queen or Prince? @USER Prince edged out Freddie.
ଦୁର୍ନୀତି ମୁକ୍ତ ସମାଜ ଲଢ଼େଇ ପାଇଁ ସେ ଚିରସ୍ମରଣୀୟ ରହିବେ।?

Paying homage to eminent freedom fighter, Bharat Ratna #LokNayak #JayaprakashNarayan on his birth anniversary. The socialist leader will always be remembered for his relentless fight for social justice, ...2. corruption free society &amp; democratic values.?
www.gradireland.com
www.jobs.ie. Great, thank you!
Looks like a Caterpillar D6, absolute unit of plant machinery. Not when the D11 exists!
Sad to see.
I have to wonder how the likes of C31 would fare as Youtube or even Twitch streams these days.  Is there any estimate of audiences for the community stations? C31 often has up to 180,000 viewers. More than sky news does country wide.
They also livestream on line.
Maintain eye contact and keep going. “Smile and wave boys”.
#MedTwitter
I have the 20th edition Harrison (brand new) because I’ve hardly read 100 pages since I bought it. Don’t think it would be useful to me since I would be pursuing paediatrics. Don’t want to sell it either. What do I do with it? Keep it as a souvenir ??‍♀️. @USER Better to keep with self.
.
Have given to junior before books like - Robbins, f.netter etc.n regretted.
.
My recent such impulsive buy is
- new edition of 'first-aid'. Gonna keep it, hoping to learn something, someday! ?✌?
@USER No way!! It's literally NEVER too late to learn, to live, to love. We only live once: grab every moment of joy you can!! ❤️. @USER Thank you. Pain gets the better of us sometimes. ??
@USER Nope you are not the least bit arrogant, idk but most people on Twitter is arrogant but not you. @USER Thank you ? All I do is laugh at someone by making a funny comment?
The guy accused of cheating at chess using vibrating anal beads might also explain Irish dancing. @USER Jaysus ?
When people just assume shit without knowing facts and believe it to be true. If I could I'd kill those people. I'm assuming you wouldn't actually kill them.
@USER  @USER 10. @USER  @USER  @USER OMG,u Robot.
Two data points in isolation are not a trend. Was the decline consistent over that 10-year period or was that a single-year anomaly?
It's no different than saying that the average world temperature was the same in 2007 as it was in 2019, therefore climate change isn't real.
Need more information. Even if claim costs falling in 2018 was a blip, why hasn't any of that been passed on to consumers in 2018 or 2019?
I went to The Hub by Premier Inn. The room was underground and about the size of two coffins. You even had to make your own bed. >You even had to make your own bed.
The horror.  Did you have to dress yourself as well?
If I have a cough I should seek medical care? This is some needless panic. It did say fever, cough, and difficulty breathing. Not just cough.
Soothing, calm voice. Get them to roll their eyes if you can. So touch their eyes and force them to roll, got it.
उदास फिरता है,
मोहल्ले में बारिश का पानी,
कश्तीयां बनाने वाले बच्चे
मोबाइल से इश्क कर बैठे।. @USER Right ? sir #sonusoodsuperhero.
And then there were four

Clare v Kilkenny 

Galway v Limerick. @USER Only one really.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER Scary times John.
There's still plenty on the RFS map ? Yeah I just had a look myself, all the ones I checked except 2 were last updated a few hours before this tweet. info on the app can be over 24 hours out of date sometimes for the really minor stuff.
They only do really frequent updates to the “oh shit” fires because it’s all manual, it’s not an auto updating live system
Most of the ones I checked were last update around 9am.
As a guy, I hate watching sports. I think its the most boring shit ever, its like watching paint dry. Id rather play than watch. I can't understand how you can watch like 2 hours of guys playing something and get excited over it. Yes you can hate on me all you want thats just my opinion. Same, I played soccer in a team when I was younger but hated to watch people play it cause you dont do anything.
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. There is some logic to this (but zero compassion) because they were often the manual scavengers back in the day. It is sick that manual scavenging is still a reality in India, when the technology to wipe out this profession is readily available. Unfortunately our government would rather pour funds into advertising campaigns to plaster Modi's face all over instead of building proper sanitization and sewage systems that make manual scavenging obsolete. And I believe it is inherently wrong to treat anyone as "lower caste" or "untouchable".
I work on ski resorts in the winter so maybe I can add to this conversation from a different perspective. Not that I'm justifying a ski holiday being superior to any other kind of holiday or that it's the best choice in relation to a curriculum. However, the school prompting a decision from the parents allows the child to have an experience they may not otherwise ever have. If given the choice, a family holiday will likely be a sun holiday. Colder weather at a higher cost isn't usually compelling if the norm is a sunny, sandy beach. 
Skiing and snowboarding (amongst many, many other sports one can do in snowy and mountainous regions) are incredibly fun sports wholly unique from most activities easily available in Ireland. This, coupled with the company of a child's closest friends could make for the holiday of a lifetime and could even create a love for the sport across the family. If it's feasible for a family without causing any financial issues then I think it's absolutely worth it. 
I don't want to write for ages and make this wall of text any larger, I could talk at length about all the different aspects but I just want to offer an alternative perspective. Interesting yes, it does have its merits for the kids alright.
In Oz we call crisps, chips and chips, hot chips. Hard habit to break. Really...? I lurk on r/Australia and chips are chips and crisps are crisps. Perhaps it's  a regional thing...?
Ow ? In Sydney’s wet, wrestled a green bin down the driveway in the slippery dark. Two knuckles hurting. Same two knuckles were fractured thirty years ago hitting a basketball, hoping they’re not refractured. On the other hand (groan), ambidextrous practice yayy. @USER Ouch! Hope they’re settling down now. Those bins are brutal!
Weak men are the most dangerous humans in the world. @USER Yes they are.
@USER [Palghar Lynching Case] Maharashtra Govt says it is willing to hand over investigation to CBI, "would have no objection for the same", their affidavit before Supreme Court reads. When it comes to certain community neither. @USER Hon’ble court had not taken a single step as suo moto cognizance nor to CBI from the first Mob Lynching - Mohsin Shaikh in Pune on 2 June 2014 to A 22-year-old Ejaz Ansari resident of Gumla in Jharkhand.
This whole sequence is unintentionally hilarious.
Edit: Philip Schofield is now describing the challenge she has to do. Is that for real?
@USER That depends on the way one interacts with the other, right? Besides, a person behavior depends on the context. One me be arrogant online, but may be a timid person in real life. One may be arrogant with their acquaintances, but may be a sweetheart to their friends and family. @USER You have explained this very well. In fact, many people look at our  image and judge everything, but in real life, not everything is like that.
@USER Wow Sal.????? @USER I know!! Lost 3 &amp; now gained 2 in one year???❤️???
Poundland (if I had 20 pounds not dollars). That must be the UK version of our Dollar stores haha. Never even considered that.
Was it supposed to be snake? Or does "sanke" mean something? It’s supposed to be snake. I saw the trend on Twitter.
I'd say it'll be sickening. It'll go viral.
@USER  @USER Who is paying for the role of International PR Photographer to the PM..? @USER  @USER  @USER Have you not seen the insane amount of money they have spent on official photographers?
>The laws of mathematics are very commendable, but the only law that applies in Australia is the law of Australia. Sshhh!  They only like quiet Australiens  ( URL ).
My ex has the highest chance of dating me so caught feelings at your own risk. @USER ?? cant stand u.
If Muslims are prone to crime, and Indian police is biased against Muslims, then why are only 16% of convicted prisoners are Muslims?
That statistic does not show that Muslims are disproportionately criminal. Most likely because of they constitute only 14% of the population? (According to wiki).
u/VredditDownloader. beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!


Download via  URL 


Downloadable soundless link


Audio only


First link is active for 6 hours. Mention me again if it is down

Info&#32;|&#32;Support&#32;me&#32;❤&#32;|&#32;Github.
@USER There he is! Miss the big fella, can't wait to voice him again. @USER Thank you, I’ll do my best to catch up the schedule and then into the voice work process! ❤️.
The ridiculous thing is if they are the flat tie on kind they don't protect the wearer so they are useless for people to steal. Hospital tie-on face masks are designed to stop medical professionals infecting their patient [edit.. and protect the wearer from blood/fluid sprays]. Only the form-fitting P2/N95 rated type protects the wearer [from inhaling particles/viruses].
Edit: source: I have spent many years doing filter/respirator R&D. Some of my papers are cited by 3M (a leading respirator and surgical mask manufacturer) in their technical manuals. It would seem the right mask to have personal reserves of ought protect in both directions. That is, protecting: the wearer; and others from the wearer.
So for example, if you have a form-fitting disposable P2/N95 mask with a valve this is not going to protect others from your exhalations (although, from personal experience, I've found valves great for bushfire smoke purposes).
It looks like, for example, the valveless  URL  fits the bill. Noting the explicit 3M™ Cupped Particulate Respirator 8210, P2
> 8210 can also be used in certain applications against some bio-aerosols. such as, influenza virus
Happy to have your expertise bear on any of that.
Roastme
Unfortunately, because The idea is great. But the actual situation is missing the point that it’s supposed to be about humor. I feel the same way
The best roasts I've seen have been a creative and funny way to make fun of someone's appearance, the worst just come off as playground insults.
@USER Congratulations! @USER Thank you.
They might have been right. Probably.... But not for this reason.
Because there is a high amount of forgeries of scottish notes south of Scotland. They are are rarer so retail workers are much less likely to spot them as fakes. Don't they train retail workers in how to spot forged notes though? The guy at the corner shop can do that.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Everything, there is no god. Stop beleving in nonsens.
My childhood ass whoopings. Can you write that in more than four words.
@USER  @USER 
There is no such thing as an Ibibio kingdom and the Ibibios don't have a King. Go and verify! @USER  @USER  @USER So, who exactly is the monarch?
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER That's Amazing Elaine. I'm so happy for you, your son &amp; the rest of the family who no doubt are celebrating this amazing achievement. ❤️.
@USER Won’t happen, it’s the biggest of bluffs in regards to what’s going on at the minute - countries like china don’t want to see that happen because of business so i suspect it’s just the only threat people take seriously. @USER Hope you’re right mate but a threat is a threat and these people in power are literally insane.
Just wash your dot out in the shower. starts stocking up on shower heads.
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER A$$ hole.
Hope he does well. Dalit-Muslim-Adivasi unity only can save this country. We need OBC to realize that they are being used by upper caste to enforce caste system. No change in India is possible without including them. They make around 50% of Indias population.
@USER Luibin Mhairois (Moyrus) near Cárna. @USER Actually it’s Renvyle beach.
What do you propose he should do? I’m a fan of letting the coronavirus run rampant in the elderly community, they want a return to the good ol’ days, nothing will bring them closer to that period than rampant pathogens.
Had a glance at the 6 o'çlock headlines, it's all "this is what you need to buy to prepare."
The next few days will be interesting. Commercial news is all about
NEWS ALERT
Is [some ongoing event] about to [speculation without evidence to cause viewer concern]?
We'll tell you how to protect [pause] your family.
Morning babieeeees happy hump DAY! ?? @USER Goood morning hope you have an amazing day.
Irrigation scam has put this guy on BJP leash. Dafq? He is deputy CM
He was given clean chit by BJP
Who is on whose leash again?
What was the first movie you saw at the cinema? @USER Jungle Book.
Guy tries to call police on himself. 

Young gent P1 comes to the door. Regular knows we search. Hands over his wallet, boom bag of cocaine . 

B1 “Sorry mate that’s getting destroyed, and you’re not coming in, however you’ve not caused issues before so come back next week and all is forgiven” 
Sounds fair right? 
P1 “ok I’ll go, can I have that back?”
B2 “err no mate”
P1 “ why not?”
B1 “because we’re not drug dealers! Of course you can’t have it back we’re all under cctv and this will be destroyed under camera too”
P1 “ I don’t believe you’ll destroy it!”
(Note: Many people seem to think bouncers either all take or sell gear, it’s not true and even if one of us wanted drugs we’re not gonna trust something that you could have got anywhere and done anything to)
B1 “it’s not my job to convince you of anything mate, been nice, been fair now please listen to your GF and go home”
P1 “ I’m gonna call the police and tell them you’re in possession of drugs”
B2 and B3 laughing I take the lad away from door to chat more discreetly. 
B1” look mate I know your annoyed but you’re saying you’re gonna call the police to tell them we’re in possession of drugs? That we took from you!
P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up. > P1 swears at me and then proceeds to call the police. He was only on the phone for 60 seconds so I assume 999 binned him off and no police showed up.
that's crazy, in the US they'd come and arrest him put him in jail, thousand dollar fine maybe 6 months in jail and 5 years probation for a wad of coke. Weed not so much.
Well not surprising seeing as we pretty much gave up trying to stop it after the initial travel ban from China. It will come in from everywhere not just China. The latest cases in Australia are from people coming from Iran and you would expect from Italy as well.
So no it's not surprising unless everyone was banned from traveling to Australia or coming home....
It's inevitable.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ?
Download oyo app.
Search a hotel.
Book it.
I don't know this may work.
OYO app may crash on seeing an Indian with a foreign girlfriend. Do it at your own risk. They told me we can't book a same room.
Not to mention the ID issues.
It's the doggy sugar tax. Sugar doggy tax.
From the U.S.  and I know no one that drinks milk.  Not one person.   A weird take sir. Up here in my pseudo-hillbilly corner of the Rockies, our Safeway has an entire cooler section just for the 1 gallon jugs of whole milk. It’s a staple of 90% of everybody I know’s fridge and unofficially, it’s our number one hangover cure, too. If a friend opens his door holding a gallon of milk, I know he’s in the middle of regretting the night before. My ex and I broke our refrigerators middle shelf because of the combined weight of his 2 gallons of 2% and my 2 gallons of whole milk that we bought weekly. (No, neither of us were or are obese. Lol)
I once laughed with a friend of mine at his Dad for offering his deck builders milk while they worked in 90°f (32.2°c) heat. 3 guys took him up on his offer, choosing it over Gatorade. 
In shop class in highschool, I built a 1/2 gallon milk container holder with a handle for my Nanna because she was struggling to lift them anymore.  Our local restaurants have giant milk chillers next to the waitresses soda stations. 
I dunno what part of the U.S. you’re from but milk is... MILK, here. Haha.
Tonight’s #qanda another example of media fixation with Stage 3. Wall to wall on ABC, NineFax, with every journo caught in the vortex. 
Greens, LNP both politically aligned together in wanting sole media focus on this &amp; block new Govt from oxygen on multiple other issues. @USER It's because it's catastrophically bad policy that needs to be stopped.
Ending my life ? goodbye y’all. @USER This is a fake account she doesn’t have a Twitter.
Someday I'll buy myself a rolex oyster perpetual datejust. It’s a great watch. My dad gave me his vintage one as a gift to me.
Here’s us wearing our favorite watches at my wedding...
IMO there are far more important and pressing infrastructural issues to build right now than a pipe-dream high-speed rail to places that are sparsely populated. A metro for Dublin or any semblance of good public transport in Cork would be a start. Exactly, it's this wish washy fantasy stuff that distracts from the realistic projects like Metro, Dart expansion and underground and the expansion of rail and bus services in Cork.
Why is this fantasy a headline grabber while any time the projects above are mentioned it negative Nimby articles?
Let the events of the last two weeks banish any suggestion that Scotland isn't a vital and integral part of the United Kingdom. @USER I’d sooner banish you, you total numpty!
>the Commonwealth was trying to provide the manifest "as urgently as they possibly can"
What the actual fuck?  Manifests are compiled and submitted by airlines by law.  The Commonwealth government is not able to get a copy of a few pages done quickly?  And the Commonwealth is only today thinking about a process to deal with this request?  God we're so stupid. I know, this is totally unacceptable considering how hard Peter Dutton touts national security.
It's a type of chemical to disinfect stuff. I don't know what exactly it's called. Not exactly healthy to breathe in though. On the assumption that everything is a chemical, can you elaborate?
”...with the economy likely to grow at a rate slower than 5% in the current quarter, any talk of green shoots is just talk. A substantial recovery cannot happen unless investment in the economy picks up.”
In short we all are fucked. And Investment will only come if there is a pickup in demand.
I've said this many times on the pod, but losing Sasha Banks is losing someone who can legitimately be a crossover star. Big fail on WWE for that. @USER She's close with snoop can aew afford her.
Someone please help me:  I was on a plane to the UK and the man next to me was drinking a Pepsi or Coke mixed with Worcestershire sauce in it.  It was on the label too!  He was weirded out that I was weirded out.  Has anyone ever seen that drink??? Nope. Was he from Alabama?
Name something you learned in school that you’ve never used in your adult life…. @USER How to disect a frog ?
Watch where the dog usually poops and shit there, no one will suspect a thing. This guy "yard poops".
Guy is my longtime fb friend. Very measured and rational person. Goes to show what happens to you if you criticize the PM or his riotous followers if you don't have any political backing and you live in BJP ruled state. At his point your best bet is to lay low and work and when the opportunity arrives emigrate.
The reality is, the level of denial about how much tax people pay in Ireland means we'll never have a Nordic social democracy.
Voters want somebody else to be made to pay, and the realisation that wealthy people are the only ones even close to paying the tax burden of a standard social-democracy is something no Irish politicians will dare to utter. Great article. There is a lot to take in there and I don't think the majority of people who voted for SF and 'change' would be happy about having to pay that much more tax to get the housing and health changes they want. 
They just want to tax the corporations and that won't be enough. 
If the next government do decide to take the country in that direction of higher taxes for all then FFG will be back in power in four years with a sizeable majority.
Ah the old 'I've dropped my sweets' dilemma, do you scrabble around and pick them up putting them in the bag because you'll bin them later (liar); do you kick them under the nearest seat or hide them under your feet/bag until you can make a hasty exit; do you break down in tears at the latest shit hand life has dealt you?
Or do you just sit on the floor and eat them whilst making eye contact with all around you daring them to challenge your need for sugary goodness? I spilled a tiny bit of coke on the empty seat next to me and I had nothing to dry it up with, and because the seat was kind of waterproof it wouldn't soak, so I just had to desperately hope no one sat there until I could get off.
What an evil little tool. In the article they said his lawyer is claiming his behaviour wasn't entirely his fault because of his autism...I'm autistic and cannot stand that kind of language, he decided to rape and murder her because he wanted to, that's all there is to it. > I'm autistic and cannot stand that kind of language, he decided to rape and murder her because he wanted to, that's all there is to it.
I totally agree with you.
Epstein didn't kill himself and he hosted pedoparties on some island in the Caribbean
The chemical that can turn frogs gay exists and it could potentially work for humans
The Masons built the current Denver Airport to hide something important
And I'm sure I'm missing some
PS: Top2 have been proven to be mostly true for a fact, 3rd is known except for the "something important" thingy. I live in Denver. I go to the airport a few times a year. For the past 2 years or so they have had the same construction stuff in the same places. They have these big walls to hide whatever they’re doing, with posters that are making fun of the airport conspiracy theory. Whenever I’m waiting in line at security I hear a banging sound that doesn’t sound like construction tools. It sounds like they’re just randomly banging on a metal pipe. I think a lot of the evidence is bullshit, like the murals and the runways being in the shape of a swastika, but it is a little fishy that the queen supposedly owns property near there. And the airport is really far away. I get that Stapleton Airport was too close to the city, but DIA is in what seems like Kansas. So there might be something there.
@USER  @USER Dear Sir/Madam, we assure you that we're with you in this. In order to protect your privacy and maintain confidentiality, we have replied to you via direct message. @USER  @USER This shows how fraudulent your services are and your bank as well.

I haven't received any message from your bank yet.
10/12 number 4 & 8 have me stumped. I just got 8, it's easier if you try it in reverse order.
@USER Have you tried camomile tea? Why don’t you go to bed earlier? Don’t have coffee After 12. Don’t overthink things. @USER I'm gonna do a fight all over you, Laverty.
@USER What do you do when your dick is angry? @USER Beat it into submission…..
ITT males fucking female zombies. What if a female fucked a male zombie? Would zombie spooge get her pregnant? Don't know what you just said but sounds like a zombie threesome.
To all the girls who have eyes on only one guy are the real princess ?? @USER I used to be that guy. 

But ever since I got married, I don’t get those looks, but the stares ?
@USER That's Fabulous Friday news! @USER Thanks my friend.
I have said this many times before, and here it is again...
Greggs is the Wetherspoons of bakeries: never your first choice, but good enough if nothing else is available. Most sensible comment here. I avoid it because my work suit looks silly in a queue of tracksuits, onesies and pyjamas same way I avoid Wetherspoons because the owner is a total cunt BUT if I need to pick up some vegan sausage rolls for the wife it's the only place to go. Wetherspoons has nothing to offer me.
I wonder if video discs will make a come back. Maybe even Mini Discs will make a comeback, I still have my Sony player and tons of discs. But this Audiphool thing has got out of hand recently. Reel to reel tapes and anything old like nakamichi goes for thousands of dollars. If you have any of those 8 track  tapes man they are worth a fortune if original.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ??????
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Yesterday's Republic tv debate was about why PM is leaving Twitter.... They came up with the fact that twitter is spreading fake news(they gave examples too) and therefore namo is trying to tackle it (and ofcourse they support him) ... Now i wanna know whether they are going to say that Namo isn't doing anything against fake news.
According to a book written by Patrick Radden Keefe, the prisoners were ready to accept a deal of some kind but Gerry Adams blocked the proposal as he thought there was too much ground to be made with the resulting propaganda. I cant see that being true but if it were then things should have been a lot different for the men that died. I hard that Maggy was secretly prepared to gice in on some things but the propaganda value was too strong for the IRA. Was that author the one who said there were threats to some of the hunger strikers families if they came off, or was that someone else?
Or they’ve never been to London. Or they’ve never been anywhere other than london.
London sucks. It really doesn’t. But what makes you feel that way.
@USER Kilsyth is $25. @USER And rego for season?
What are you a feminist? Ha classic feminist. Wanting to torture all cocks and balls.
@USER Convince a patient with “weakness” not to get intravenous fluids with pink or yellow extra energy supplement injection ?‍??‍? @USER  @USER Convincing  elderly patients to go for oral analgesics rather than injectables at rural health centers.
OK. Thanks for that. We appreciate your enthusiasm!
Listen, about the women, if you want them, you can have them. Maybe we can do a cultural exchange whereby we send you a few Gráinnes and Sinéads and you send us some Lunas and Danielas. Would that be a good place to start? Absolutely, whenever said Gráinnes, Sinéads, Lunas and Danielas are fine with it. I'm sure they as well are up to a cultural exchange. But jokes aside, i like those Irish names as well. They seem really natural and  unpretentious.
And people that just leave milk/ice cream/random meat on random shelves to go off. They should also be part of the roundup for punishment! Biggest annoyance for me when I used to put frozen food out, the amount of products customers dump in the freezer! Should be charged as theft if caught! Waste of food.
In research, it's not enough to be 99.9% sure, you have to be 100% sure. How many of you agree?  @USER  @USER  @USER @AcademicDilemma. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nothing in life is 100% sure.
Epstein didn’t kill him self, and how the Coronavirus magically trounced the Hong Kong protests. Yes I'm sure China decimated its entire country and economy to temporarily remove HK out of the news cycle (after the media had mostly gotten over it anyway).
Sorry if awkward, but does anyone else here masturbate to their classmates ? Yeah homie people jerk off watching dead cats, classmates are just normal for them.
Lift weights, listen to Jordan Peterson. I suppose joining the cult of disenfranchised white males could possibly make you friends, just not the sort of friends any normal human would want.
Had my Autumn covid booster this morning and thought I’d got away without any issues. Fast forward 12 hours and I can barely move my arm ??‍♀️. @USER Nooo ?
On Friday nights the ABC used to replace 7 30 Report with state-based programs. Far and away the finest was NSW’s brilliantly produced and presented by Quentin Dempster- sacked by Mark Scott ‘because of budget costs’. A tragedy for the ABC and local politics. Bring back Quentin! @USER I used to enjoy the same in Qld!
I wish we used the metric system like almost every other country in the world. Finally, the response I've been waiting for.
A Hindu Rashtra India will probably last 10 years before fragmenting. 
Even Islam, which is a lot more homogeneous than Hinduism (one prophet, one book, one set of beliefs) could not keep Pakistan in one piece. Eventually the ethnic differences between Bengalis and Punjabis proved too much.
Hinduism has a lot more heterogeneity, and it is impossible to implement a cow belt version of Hindu doctrine across the length and breadth of the country. It is only the Unity in Diversity approach, which necessarily implies secularism that has kept this country not only alive but also thriving - at least upto now.
The ultimate irony will be if history judges Modi, Shah, Ajay and Kapil Mishra to be the actual tukde tukde gang. Heck even right now, Pakistan is basically a constant fight between Punjabis and Sindhis, with Baluchis reduced to second grade citizens and Pashtuns lumped with Afghanis.
@USER Congratulations Alex, plenty of game time is the key mate!  All the best… unleash ? @USER Thanks very much Rob. Hope you’re keeping well ??
But it does reflect the cost of borrowing? So your money goes less far if you’re buying on credit? So they are advertising getting into massive debt...
How to fuck your business, 101. Petty shit like that puts you on peoples' "never go there' list.
fuck your zodiac sign what pokémon do you start with. @USER If we talking OG starts, I got my squirtle squad!
In the name of Jesus, new order of exploits shall begin to happen in your life! @USER Amen.
in your defence they’ve also highlighted a bunch of islands that are not great britain. just a bit of a mess of a graphics job. At least they didn't include the Isle of Man.
Exactly my point in another sub. If someone said smearing baked beans on your naked body prevents the coronavirus, guess what? Sold out. Maybe that is the case. I went shopping and half the beans had already been bought already.
@USER WTF??????
She ok? @USER She's fine. It's fake. Haha
She did a SFX workshop today.
Is anyone actually afraid? I see stories but not one person I know cares about it, and I have friends that work in the medical field. I have a friend who, while young, has a compromised immune system due to some weird birth defect. 
He is quite worried that he might die if he gets it. Rightfully so, as he's in the group that is more likely to die from it if infected.
@USER Ajeyo Chandigarh panjab university ch gandhi bhawan kol baithe milange uthi ajeo fr chlange jithe jana ? @USER ??jrur jrur.
I think I am the last of a dying breed. I much prefer bar soap, as opposed to liquid soap. @USER ???
Say usual place again. The ushe.
@USER  @USER Ця стара хвойда ще жива? @USER  @USER Жива і  вилізла так само, як і папа, і маск та інші. Пішло лайно просто водоспадом.
with Medical stuff I think. Care to elaborate?
3 of my ex colleagues from my previous company quit yesterday, 2 I was on very good terms with, including a guy that was among the top performers who couldn't handle the politics any more.
Meanwhile David de Gea (and Jordan Pickford) are collecting their paychecks.
Another mate (my bestie at work and said top performer's roomie) just spilled the beans today on why HR encouraged me to quit during probation period itself so he could save 185000 for the company.
Sucks. Sales role me sab performance based hi hota kya? like CGPA in college?
Have you seen the Cliffs of Moher? Yeah have u heard of 'the high man'.
Is it because I'm not British (though I've lived in the UK since arriving from Ireland as a young child) that I can't relate to this mass 'grief' around the death of the Queen? @USER Nah, it's very silly. Mixture of Disney and Eton.
@USER The best you can do is beautiful lol

Lovely.
I hope you are feeling okay x. @USER Thanks Kym, doing ok. ?
That Diana Ross and Smokey Robinson are Michael Jackson's actual parents. That's why he was the talent in the Jackson family and why there were rumors that he was Evan Ross's father (they both look like Diana). Smokey would've been 18 and Diana 14 years old when Michael was born so Berry Gordy arranged to have the kid given to his old boxing buddy and fellow musician from Chicago, Joe Jackson, who he would fund leading to the formation of the Jackson 5. Joe had a big family where Michael would get everything he needs while training him to be an entertainer and Motown could protect their image by taking the child out of the picture.
It turns out the kid is a talent and as we all know the Jackson 5 make it to Motown, but even before that there were several documented instances of Diana Ross in Gary, Indiana such as at the school talent show where the Jackson 5 performed. She has said multiple times on live television that Michael is her baby/child, says she's doing it all for him, and joked about him playing her son in a future movie. She has also said publically she was in love with Smokey Robinson growing up, living on the same street as him in Detroit, which is odd because he had a girlfriend during that time who he later married. Diana also changed high schools around the time Michael was conceived (when she would have gotten pregnant). She was going to Cass-Tech to study home economics and Smokey also enrolled in an engineering college around this time, because they were soon to be parents and Motown hadn't broke big yet. A decade later the Jackson 5 auditioned for Motown in Detroit, then did a second performance at a Motown get-together at Berry's house, and Michael has stated that at that point Diana told them she wanted to take special interest in their career.
There's a movie called Double Platinum which stars Diana Ross and is about how she gave up her kid for her career and later reveals to the kid she's her mother when she sees that the kid has talent, then goes on to help her with her career which would parallel the real life story with Michael. Her daughter in the movie also wears a dress that has the same design as the shirt Michael wore for Billie Jean at Motown 25. It's written by Michael in his autobiography Moonwalk that he and the Jacksons lived with Diana Ross in Hollywood Hills when the Jackson 5 first signed to Motown and moved to LA, and her and Michael used to go out almost every day, just the two of them. This would have been when Diana Ross revealed to Michael she's his mom, he would've been about 10 years old and that's why he became quiet and shy from then on. (This wouldn't be her only time doing this, when she had a daughter with Berry Gordy she didn't tell her who her father was until she was 13.) Smokey Robinson also stated when he was leaving the Larry King interview shortly after Michael passed away that one of his fondest memories of Michael was when he used to go golfing at the age of 10 or 11 with him and Bobby Taylor, who is said to have discovered the Jackson 5 even though their first album at Motown was presented by Diana Ross. 
This was also what Michael meant in the song Billie Jean when "this happened much too soon, she called me to her room". Diana was the one who said "I am the one, but the kid is not my son". She meant I am your mother but you're not my son, you're a Jackson now. Diana Ross is Billie Jean (Diana plays a character called Billie Holiday in 'Lady Sings the Blues' which came out a few years before 'The Wiz' with MJ). This is also what the song Dirty Diana is about, it's about Diana Ross the groupie who seduces Smokey Robinson, who she grew up on the same street as, conceiving Michael. Then there's the song Who Is It which is about a mystery person who abandoned Michael, and in the music video he holds a card that says 'Diana'. The song Wanna Be Startin' Somethin' also talks about how "if you can't feed your baby, then don't have a baby" and again refers to the mystery Billie Jean character. He references Ain't No Mountain High Enough in the song Leave Me Alone and says "Don't you come walkin' beggin' back, mama". He also references Ain't No Mountain High Enough in the songs Baby Be Mine, Speechless, and Keep The Faith. This is all also why you see a weird sexual dynamic between Michael Jackson and Diana Ross but you will never actually see a picture or video of them making out.
Recently a video surfaced of Diana Ross singing You Are Not Alone to Katherine Jackson; just like how she probably used to sing Ain't No Mountain High Enough to Michael when he was living with her. This is seen in the aforementioned movie Double Platinum as well, Diana sings her lost daughter to sleep with a famous song. And in TMZ's video "The Last Time We Saw Joe Jackson" an old senile Joe says "I raised Michael, he's my son and Quincy Jones knows better. I don't talk about it, no way." He's defending the supposed fact that Michael is his son for a seemingly unknown reason, and even in past interviews he always emphasized "he's a JACKSON". After MJ's death, Joe when interviewed said he was doing great, meanwhile Smokey Robinson went on the Larry King show and praised MJ as an artist.
This theory explains why Michael not only looks like Diana Ross and has the same features and eyes as her, but also explains why his facial structure looks like Smokey's & their profiles and ears are completely identical, and why he was a musical prodigy who had the stage presence and songwriting abilities of his real parents (Diana, Smokey & Michael are the only three musicians besides the Beatles who have two stars each on the Hollywood Walk of Fame - one for being a member of their original groups and one to celebrate their success as a solo artist), as well as having a very soft voice which both Smokey and Diana (and Evan Ross!) have in common. Here you can see how much different his eyes looked from his brothers and how much they look like Ross eyes. Now you can see why his personality developed the way it did. It's why he acted like an orphan and called himself Peter Pan and built Neverland to help disadvantaged kids, why he isolated himself from his family and could never manage to have a normal relationship with women. It absolutely explains why he had such a severe identity crisis. And it explains why Diana Ross is second to Katherine Jackson in his will regarding who would take care of his children, and why Joe Jackson has been known to dislike Diana Ross. At Michael Jackson's public memorial the first person that comes out is Smokey Robinson reading a letter from Diana Ross, who writes that she's mourning so hard that she cannot attend the memorial and that Michael was "part of the fabric of her life". When Smokey speaks about MJ later he calls him his little brother, which would imply blood relative. In the movie Hitsville USA: The Making of Motown, Berry Gordy jokes with Smokey about how some of the babies that the groupies were having were his & that MJ reminded him of a little Smokey. Also, the movie An American Dream was about the Jackson 5 and would've been propaganda to reinforce the coverup story. 
So, it wasn't that Michael was ever trying to look like Diana Ross like people thought, he was actually displaying features and mannerisms that he INHERITED from her. In one of the clips below she says he has the same features, skin tone, and bone structure as her. Now you might say well Janet looks a lot like MJ, but growing up in his shadow she adopted many of his mannerisms and used makeup and plastic surgery to replicate his appearance (like Latoya did) but their vanity was merely deception. Joe and Berry branded and marketed the Jacksons a certain way to make Michael seem related, such as with the matching outfits and afros, but if you look at their features it's clear the only similarity to Michael is the way they smile (a learned trait). MJ has much more defined features and is rail thin like Diana Ross, and his nose & chin match Smokey's. Now it's clear why Joe told him he had a fat nose and singled him out so much with the abuse.
MJ does a photoshoot with Katherine, Joe, Diana, and Smokey
Diana Ross calls MJ her child, says she's doing it all for him (skip to 15:56)
Diana Ross jokes about Michael Jackson playing her son in a movie (the intro downplays her role in starting his career, an important part of the coverup)
Diana Ross confesses her relationship with Smokey Robinson, which would have been when MJ was conceived and when Smokey was dating Claudette (skip to 8:40)
Diana Ross jokes about her and MJ having the same facial features and bone structure, "he could be part of my family"
Diana Ross calls Michael Jackson her baby
Smokey Robinson recounts how MJ used to go golfing with him and Bobby Taylor as a kid
Evan Ross says MJ was like a brother to him and that Diana was a mother figure to Michael
Joe Jackson defends the fact that Michael is his son when confronted by paparazzi
Smokey Robinson reads Diana Ross's letter at the beginning of Michael Jackson's memorial
This theory is from a YouTube channel called An American Scheme. I also created a subreddit with further info on the topic called r/AnAmericanScheme. Totally got sucked down the rabbit hole on this.
Wow so much praise for Nehru.
For the past 70 yrs nehru has been blamed for pretty much everything , everywhere including randians.
So what happened randians?
Downboat me , but atleast give a good reason. ffs. Dont downboat and run away like a coward.
Edit: So downvoted for supporting Nehru. Just as i expected from the 40 randians.
Edit: LOL, about 40 confused randians. Haha. Buddy you took sarcasm way too seriously whenever redditors said "It's Nehru's fault." It is the very opposite of it whenever people said that, because whatever shit current government did they never take blame on themselves but on the past or others. Every shit move this govt made, they had no other choice but to falsely blame on others to justify their own act. Hence that joke.
@USER  @USER  @USER Looking good but all a bit grey on it???‍♂️??‍♂️???? @USER  @USER  @USER Poor Colly has been grey since that time you gave him a hiding at the De La Salle.
Suggest Film titles for my new feature film:. @USER  @USER دلہن چند رات کی وہ بھی میاں کے کہنے پر.
@USER ?
Most peaceful people on the planet. @USER As long as no one messes with us, leave us in peace.
@USER It's cruel and it's false. @USER Just lazy. My aunt quit smoking young, ate like an athlete in training, and ran all over her NH farm. My mother never smoked, loved sweets, ran all over the  Methuen Mall. My grandfather got sober, never stopped moving, ate what he could afford. They were dealt their destiny.
@USER U said they re supportive. @USER They're supportive in some things and not in some.
House homeless and refugees in the Seanad. How can we have Reddits when there are homeless???
DISGRACE.
Had my Autumn covid booster this morning and thought I’d got away without any issues. Fast forward 12 hours and I can barely move my arm ??‍♀️. Had the worst night. Finally fell to sleep around 6am ?, it’s really knocked me about again, and there was me getting cocky.
The Stage 3 tax cuts are both unfair and completely unaffordable. 
They were a bad idea at the time and a terrible one now. @USER Over to you Sally. Albo can’t be held to ransom by the past (Gillard) and the threat of broken heart rhetoric. There are more important issues at stake!
Friend ran into a door divider and I think he got stitches. That was Grade. 5 or so and on a day where thenschool brought everyone Subway. Dang.
>So I know I'm pretty old now 
It's not 
you are doing great.
Am sure you won't wish to marry just for the sake of it.
I hope you embrace your life n do what you love to.
It's this patriarchal malice that assholes ingrain in females to get marry at the earliest, I wish someday u will flush this out.
And most importantly hoping that  u find LOVE, the UNCONDITIONAL one. Thank you so much. I will keep looking!
And yes patriarchy and all this pressure sucks!
You just need to know the first line, then mumble along with the rest of us! I still have it ingrained from Irish college.
This is beautiful! Thank you!
People from Melbourne scratching their head this summer. Seriously right.  I only moved here 7 years ago, and that first summer was crazy with how many 40+ days we got in a row (which I hated).  But the last couple of summers are almost non-existent.
@USER Be safe, nice song choice. @USER Thank you?
469+1th comment. silver phek ke maru?
"As an effort to further the inclusion, lanyards were given out to those who bought tickets, on which there was a special section for writing one’s pronouns. This was a remarkable touch that a lot of people very much appreciated."
No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. >No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. 
Considering it costs you absolutely nothing to write down your (presumably cis, given your response) pronouns, what's your issue? Takes ten seconds and you can forget it's there. I don't see why you'd ever care.
Given the inherent networking nature of these events, you may we well stick down pronouns along with your name. Literally no reason not to, and to be annoyed by that is stupid.
Writing down pronouns may seem stupid to you (again, presuming you're cis) but it can make things so much easier for any trans members of the community in attendance. 
It's not for you.
Serves you right for being a degenerate.  Dunking any kind of biscuit is an abomination but chocolate ones are particularly objectionable, specially in these difficult times of coronavirus, Br*xit and Baby Boris when everyone's nerves are frayed.  Have you no consideration for other people? I have a dunking problem. I've tried to quit many years ago but this is who I am and I've accepted that. The melted, gooey chocolate, the soggy base, a hint of coffee mixed into the dark chocolate. It's wrong, I know that but what can I do.
Today afternoon I plan to boost some accounts. Let me know if you want happy friday ?? @USER I’ll do you one better. I’ll follow you.
Resist going down the rabbit hole of any ideology including religion. Keep an open mind. Username checks out.
What about those other things that Hindis did do? Real life is not a game. You kill someone in red team, Red team kills someone in blue team. Revenge match is only better in game. More than the Red & Blue, people need to think that both are people with family, kids. Only thing different is the team.
Stop forming group for stupid things. Modi group, Congress group, Everyone is forming fucking cults. You don't vote people to support the cult. You vote to ensure everyone gets to live without any fights.
DeleteReligion.
@USER Yipeeeee. Congrats to you fine Mama for getting him there too ! ?? @USER ???
I love to-do lists. I feel a little bit more accomplished every time I tick something off. I even added a friend’s errand so she would finally do it if I nudged her enough. ? @USER We seem to  live by lists Emma lol? always more to add.
How much are people using? I use it for work, after each shift. Have this massive bottle, used basically none of it and been using it for months. Are they washing their whole bodies with it? 100% these will show up for sale on fb marketplace and gumtree soon with killer markups.
@USER Good morning ??‍♀️?☕️. @USER Happy Thursday Sharon. Have a fabulous day.??❤.
बड़े बड़े आतंकवादियों अपराधियों को परोल और बेल मिल रहा है लेकिन लगभग १० साल से जेल में बंद आसाराम बापू को ना परोल मिलता है ना ज़मानत ये हिंदुत्व की सरकार है .. @USER ये हिन्दुत्ववादी नाम मात्र की सरकार है।  हिन्दुओं के हित मे कौन सा काम किया है ??
हमारा देश धर्म प्रधान देश है।  जहां साधु संतों का आदर नहीं, वह देश कैसे वास्तविक तरक्की कर सकता है।
जहाँ चीतों का स्वागत और असमय गायों को मारा जा रहा है, धिक्कार है।.
So is there a set annual date for these things or is it more whenever they reach a certain number, like once they have a thousand or so people? I think they have about 3 a year, maybe moving between Killarney and the Convention Centre. A few of the women in work have gone become citizens in the last 2 years. 
The Polish woman had to go to Killarney which she wasn't happy about, but she's also rarely happy.
England shirt £75 on England Store

Free delivery on orders over £20 

10% off with code ESC10 … they then add on £5 delivery ? @USER Saves you what, £2,50??
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. A way back now they privatised all the Centrelink job agencies and the whole thing just became a scam / rort.
I had a similar situation over a decade ago and it was so infuriating having such agencies actively make finding work more difficult for private profits.
Spoon and Fork. KFC Spork?
Wasnt it said that the coronavirus wont survive in warm climates and that's why regions like Europe are under major threat and regions like Africa and India are relatively safe from a major outbreak ?
Or was that another myth of COVID?
Just googled it and this is the best answer I could find.Guardian
>Is it possible the warmer weather may bring relief?
Some observers have pointed to the fact that Africa has relatively few cases of Covid-19 and that this may be a response to hotter conditions there. The virus cannot take the heat, in other words.
Most scientists counsel caution, however. “The disease has only just arrived in Africa and it is far too early to tell how it will behave there,” says Woolhouse. “We will just have to wait and see.”. Viruses from bats are more resistant to high temperatures as bats produce high temp. While flying.
As for Africa, Africa is less connected to the rest of the world so fewer cases.
I know it says great, but all I see is ordinary Britain. Ordinary Britain is in France.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What's going to happen with the empty space on the left of photo (south of thr park)? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The park will sit within the wider Mayfield neighbourhood. Around the 6.5-acre park will be new homes, offices, retail and leisure space.
It was such a brilliant idea to have the students back. 14-day offshore quarantine works so well. Who thought this could be coming, right. Look mate, who cares about people's health and well being when our institutions are going broke. /s.
Jason Momoa, i'm straight but if i had to, that guy could tear me up. Ouch your butt.
so guys do you also feel like a cave man when you use a budget phone instead of a flagship device? mine recently fell from 1st floor and now its getting repaired. ?
ps. fuk iphone. android mastrace. I actually am considering switching to a basic phone 
I think I am a phone addict.
@USER Looking at government money? @USER I'm not too worried about where it comes from as long as it keeps coming?
Fill in the blanks and give it back, I think that's the game. My brother recommended posting a note saying:
“I’ll park wherever I want you   _  _  _  _   _  _ _ “.
I wouldn't be surprise if  @USER told the Premiers to drop protections ahead of the Federal election. Not make Labor "part of lockdown", Gets it both ways. Let it rip under Scott then pretend hands are tied. Premiers held out for so long. @USER  @USER He is pure evil. A bully and a narcissist. Malicious too.
I suppose that they're afraid of succumbing to it and dying. Glad we cleared that up.
Ridiculous.
Give them to the crowds and see what comes out. We are a civilised society and mob “justice” is not legitimate form of justice.
Apparently the execution was stayed because the president has not replied to the mercy petition filed by the convicts.
Apropos of nothing, that fireplace hasn't seen many fires. Glow of big Mick warms the heart and the hearth.
Don't know that much more needs saying about how the death of ERII affected us all differently, but am absolutely willing to acknowledge that my hysteria the day The Big Yin checks out will put the most unionjacketed of the last week to shame. @USER Same but when Attenborough pops off.
@USER Whatttt? Noooo! He’s so adorable ? @USER IKR?!!!  ?‍♂️.
Public Figures who Mysteriously Died, Inside Jobs, Russian Intel, Voting Recounts, The Clintons, and as always, White People. Bonus upvote if you understand the reference of the last category.
शव यात्रा में अगर कोई 'राम नाम सत्य है' 
बोल दे तो उसे गोली तो नहीं मार दी जाएगी ?
? @USER तुम जैसो की गोली तो नहीं
.... ""!""
समझ लो क्या मार ली जाएगी.
Direct intervention by the parents. Parents are allowing their little dears to be social terrorists. 
One spit on me once near Ballymun a very long time ago. He was about 10. I ran after him; caught him and frog matched him to his parents which was only around the corner. 
I gave him two choices: parents or Gardaí. 
She clattered him in front of me. "TELL THIS YOUNG MAN THAT YOUR SORRY?" Wack! "WAIT UNTIL I TELL YOUR DA'. YOU'RE IN FOR SOME HIDIN'" Wack! 
She was very apologetic. When she closed the door, she bellowed again: "spitting on people! Have I taught you no fuckin' manners. ". Good response but realistically this just isn’t an option 99% of the time. 
You may be on your way to work or whatever so may not have time to go chasing little rodents. There may well by upwards of 20 of them in the group, chasing after one could be asking for even more trouble. Their parents may take exception to you thinking to discipline their child and have a go at you over it etc etc 
All in all what’s required is for people to raise their children not to be scum.
Is it done by eye, weight, scoops or just to the fill line in a certain box/container? In the UK if you market it as an "80 piece" they can and will get in trouble if they supply the weights and measure inspector with less. But the inspections aren't that common and the "trouble" isn't that bad but, it does exist.
Ambo - Ambulance 
Divvy/ Divvy van - Police van 
Arvo - Afternoon 
Maccas - McDonald's 
Bonzer - Awesome
Dunny - Toilet 
Brekki/ breaky - Breakfast 
Goon - Cask wine 
Mozzie - Mosquito 
Sanger -  Sandwich 
Snag - Sausage 
Troppo - Crazy 
Don't piss in my pocket and tell me it's raining. Brekky is correct, I think. Breaky should be pronounced Bree-ki or Brake-y.
I dont know what I'd do without them. I suffer from extreme social anxiety so thinking about people with mental health illnesses having more of them is amazing. I do feel though for the cashiers who want a job or want to keep their job. I relate to this I hate the feeling of standing in line with someone with a cart behind and in front of me way rather just hit the self check out minimal interaction.
#MedTwitter
I have the 20th edition Harrison (brand new) because I’ve hardly read 100 pages since I bought it. Don’t think it would be useful to me since I would be pursuing paediatrics. Don’t want to sell it either. What do I do with it? Keep it as a souvenir ??‍♀️. @USER Better to keep with self.
.
Have given to junior before books like - Robbins, f.netter etc.n regretted.
.
My recent such impulsive buy is
- new edition of 'first-aid'. Gonna keep it, hoping to learn something, someday! ?✌?
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER Congratulations.
Has it been any good this series I gave up when capaldi kept wearing sunglasses. It's been better  than it has for a while in my opinion.
So it's not something that's endemic to the US police forces then?
&#x200B;
> Research suggests that family violence is two to four times higher in the law-enforcement community than in the general population. 
>
>Source
I guess this is just a case of extracurricular r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut. But this article says that the 84 police is less than the general population, not more. Of course that wouldn't make for as good a headline.
>“The QPS has over 12,200 police officers and recruits and over the past five years, 84 officers were recorded as respondents on domestic violence orders,” the police statement said.
>“This equates to 0.68% of police officers and recruits being recorded as a respondent on domestic violence orders. Compared to the general population, police officers are 85% less likely to be recorded as a respondent on a domestic violence order.
>“The strong discipline and oversight regimes of the QPS results in police officers being 95% less likely to commit a breach of domestic violence order when compared to the general population.
song was such a banger. Is such a banger, excuse me.
Tipu Sultan was not just a brave fighter who fought British but he was a Muslim too ? @USER Who gave secret of Tippu's movement to British force in Srirangpatana during 4th Mysore war???
@USER  @USER The unfortunate thing about me is I don’t care I care today but every other day I don’t give a fuck. @USER  @USER We love you Steven ?
Wow! Maureen Lipman on lbc states “the Queen’s death has United the country including the Corbynistas and people live in the real world”
What a classless comment. @USER Why has a mediocre former actor been asked for a comment?
The ABC stopped being “Our ABC” when they stopped doing original production in the regions.  It’s just a Sydney thing now. Population of NSW: 7.544 million
Population of Sydney: 5.23 million
Percentage of NSW residents who live in Sydney: 69.33%
Where would you do production on an ever diminishing budget to service the most people possible?
with Medical stuff I think. Care to elaborate?
Fuck man, in India we have serious mental health issues. Its not an India only problem though.
Have you ever been accused of telling lies when you have been nothing but truthful to someone? I have and it’s absolutely soul destroying! ?? i need Jeremy Kyle to give me a lie detector #leavemealone. @USER Yes…and yes.
@USER Good news for “Luxenbourg” for Arc as long as rain keeps away it should be fine A class act should have been unbeaten only one mishap when he stumbled coming out of the stalls in 2000 gns at Newmarket did really well to finish 3rd Now back to his best  @USER @EUtopean. @USER  @USER  @USER The weather looks pretty promising Reg.
The summers are becoming unbearable now. I think there were more days over 40 this last summer here in ACT than there were through my entire time in primary school (90s). Anecdotal of course, purely based off my feels and not the readily available data ^^^off ^^^I ^^^go ^^^to ^^^see ^^^if ^^^I'm ^^^right....
EDIT: I'm having a lot of trouble finding whether I'm correct or not. Can anyone point me directly to data for Canberra that will show me days over 40 throughout the 1990s?
I remember a buddy of mine showed me a snuffpage when i was 9, saw some shit no 9 year old should see, worst was the picture of the gutted corpse of a women with a mans cock penetrating her so that you could see the cock go through the vagina and pop up again inside the gutted part of her abdomen, that picture is still clear as day. That kid wasn't your friend if they were showing you stuff like that, I'm sorry to say.
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Yes - there are some Muslim majority states like that. 
Albania, Bosnia are probably more secular than India. And to some extent Tunisia, Senegal and few CIS countries (like Azerbaijan).
Bit ridiculous that a by-election isn't called. We've never had by elections for the European Parliament.
@USER Do you have a German Shepherd? I presume that is the strange thing that happened. @USER Hi tell me please what happened why are you are sat up having a cup of tea in bed .? It looked like there was a German Shepherd at the bottom of your bed. Is that the spooky thing that happened? Do you have a dog.
I love the term 'fossicking'.  Picked up a half oz nugget in Victoria a few years back. Saying "fossicking" never gets old lol. That's awesome about the gold. Was it just in the Bush or did you dig or pan for it?
The guys were fucking about crushing things with a 3" thick slab of lead that's about 18" x 12" (metalwork class) with the teacher away somewhere. Mostly pens, but one of the guys forgot to move his hand, and it dropped on him, literally bursting his thumb wide open. It was a bit gruesome, and he went a bit feint. He was OK after it healed though. Wow that is gruesome.
@USER bro not ready for this in the morning. @USER Samee im on an empty stomach all nauseous.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Looking forward to it!! ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You're in for a KILLER gig Sooz! ?✊?
That's pretty boss. Alright Ali G calm down.
I have a friend in the RFS and he did not once get a call out for the bush fires over the summer despire being available, he has been in the RFS for over 5 years. I think the RFS management needs to get their act together. Not sure of the downvotes, that sucks regarding your friend.
Cause car accidents on highways. I like it.
Binge watching Vox channel ke videos with the tastiest chips of all time ( Blue vale Lay's, not looking for a debate here) is a healthy coping mechanism. Green Lay's are bettet.
We went to Glasgow and nearly got stabbed by some fella in his 40's. why? what did you do to the poor guy?
Peter Obi submitted GCE Degree certificate and I have been cracking my head since yesterday to understand what exactly they mean by GCE Degree? Na question I ask oh. @USER GCE degree certificate ke? Nothing we no go hear from Naanu!!
I went off at my JobSearch provider. The one you’re with gets $500+ per jobseeker, only for them to be useless and I still had to find my own jobs anyway. I asked them “What exactly do you do?!”. 
I literally got no help from them and Centrelink pays them to help me! It’s literally a cash grab.
They told me I was rude for asking them what is their purpose?!
Here’s something they keep hush hush, its your right to choose your own JobSearch provider! If you aren’t happy with the support they give you, you can ask for a transfer to your chosen one. The religious mobs are into this rort big time. And even though the catholics were busted rorting the system (claiming shit they didn't do.. on top of doing fucking nothing anyhow) - there was no repercussions whatsoever. Just more cheques from tax system to allow them to keep expanding their rorts.
@USER Good morning Sis!!! Will try my best to spread love and joy today. Going to vote early!!! My brother-in-law is running for the 8th distrect Appeals Court!!! So excited to vote BLUE all the way!!! Be blessed today!!!
?❤️?? @USER Thank you Brenda. Have a nice day.❤.
@USER Gm ??? @USER GM GM ??
@USER Enjoy it sweetie ?? @USER Thanks Roli ❤️❤️.
@USER Agreed...? @USER Thanks Mags ???
i have no idea why I’m so horny. it’s ridiculous off the charts. #thisis45. @USER Awesome ?
There are way too many iffy occurrences before, during, and after 9/11. We can safely say the USA govt were incompetent in its prevention at least, and had a knowing hand in it at worse. 
The plane crashing into the towers appears to be doctored. 
All camera footage of the area was confiscated by the govt. Any footage you see online is state sponsored. 
The Air Force bases were ordered to run airline hijacking drills the morning of 9/11 by Dick Cheney (The devil) himself 
Proof that it was a controlled demolition was melted down and erased. 
The third tower, obviously, came down as a result of explosives. 
(I’ve been saving the biggest for last) - one of the alleged pilots of that flew into the towers was found alive and well shortly after and had nothing to do with the events. He’s no where to be found today. 
I hope no one believes in conspiracy theories. They’re just unanswered questions with not enough data to reach a conclusion. 
The troubling thing is, when the data you need comes from the source you suspect of wrong doing then you can either take their word for it, or not trust the data. How, excuse my french, the f r i c c could you actually beleive that 9/11 was faked, there is very conclusive footage, and proof that it was real, and live video of it was recorded on the news, with several witnesses how is it that despite all of that the government could still get away with it? Nobody noticed any fallacies? And why would the government destroy a major financial asset, what motivation do you think they would have for that? The thing about your argument is that it makes no logical sense what so ever, and I guarantee that the person who kamikazed into a building wasn't found perfectly fine afterwards, and the plane crashing into the building looks doctored? What kind of bs is that, you can analyze the footage yourself, or maybe ask a professional to look at it and see it definitely isn't doctored.
RSS is actually the B Team of Jinnah.
They are proving Jinnah right. Makes sense. They were literal allies pre independence.
Not me spending €60 in Boots when all I needed was toothpaste. @USER That’s a whole lotta lube lol.
More than a million people lined the capital’s streets; four billion are thought to have watched worldwide. Her last farewell was an astonishingly colourful national ritual, Ben Macintyre writes. @USER No it was a waste of money had to sell my jewellery to bury my son 3 months ago disgraceful.
I wouldn't be surprise if  @USER told the Premiers to drop protections ahead of the Federal election. Not make Labor "part of lockdown", Gets it both ways. Let it rip under Scott then pretend hands are tied. Premiers held out for so long. @USER  @USER He is pure evil. A bully and a narcissist. Malicious too.
Who is ROOTING for Beto O'Rourke to be the NEXT Governor of Texas? ✋? @USER ?
@USER  @USER Ye farrey word maine bhi pehli baar suna tha khushi se??? @USER  @USER Same here ? Many other desi words too like ramanchi , paala (side) etc.
Wait I think the biggest issue here is why was the parade on Saturday 29th February?! Belmar has the traditional first Sunday of March St Paddy's Day Parade here in Jersey, Asbury Park gets the 2nd Sunday for their parade.  It's all the towns trying to book the same  marching bands and bagpipers.
Take the packing to back shelf if you don’t have lightening packing game.
Load the heavy stuff onto the conveyor first, lay out big bags in the trolley. Go go go. Tactical veg in the middle to slow them down.
I have a bidet so can ration toilet paper pretty well but I guess a lot of people can't :P I can understand why people might stock up on it if they're worried though, they'll eventually use it so not really a waste of money plus it's one of my worst nightmares to run out of toilet paper and I think I'm not alone in that fear. Bidet salespeople should be working overtime right now.
The play out music is ??? @USER Good morning beautiful.
@USER  @USER Dear Sir/Madam, we assure you that we're with you in this. In order to protect your privacy and maintain confidentiality, we have replied to you via direct message. @USER  @USER This shows how fraudulent your services are and your bank as well.

I haven't received any message from your bank yet.
I never go to mass but had to this past 2 weeks for family occasions. Notable at today's mass we got a lecture on the unborn,how to pray away imminent WW111 but no mention of the tragedy up the road in Cresslough ? Still livid at the priest who said WW111 was imminent at a children's mass today. Not least for making me define imminent as 'a long way away' to Chung Flit. What an arse. No more mass.
@USER The house jocks would have loved it. @USER  @USER Racist! ????
This was at the Coles in Hornsby NSW.
Flour, pasta, tuna, long life milk and ramen shelves were all empty as well. Same at the Coles in Tooronga Village in Melbourne.
@USER I feel it is hard to find consistency. And the bad thorns are hard to weed out early. @USER I can see that for sure.
Vigilance Bureau arrested Davinder Kumar, Assistant Registrar, Co-operative &amp; Marketing Societies, block Dasuya, District Hoshiarpur red-handed for accepting a bribe of ₹20,000. Accused has been supervising 70 Cooperative Societies in block Dasuya including above said at Tanda. @USER ਸਰਕਾਰ ਬਹੁਤ ਵਧੀਆ ਕੰਮ ਕਰ ਰਹੀ ਹੈ| ਹਾਲੇ ਹੋਰ ਵਕਤ ਦੀ ਉਡੀਕ ਕਰਨੀ ਬਣਦੀ ਹੈ|ਸਰਕਾਰ ਆਗਾਮੀ ਸਮੇਂ ਵਿੱਚ ਹੋਰ ਵਿਕਾਸ ਦੀਆ ਨੀਤੀਆ ਲਿਆਏਗੀ|.
Food exports out of Ireland was so important that they stationed more British born troops in Ireland than they had in India. Plus they got the then pope to issue the threat of excommunication from the alters of Ireland on anyone interfering with the export of food. 
The RCC only responded to the starvation crisis when they saw Baptist evangelism elbowing in. Otherwise millions starving was not a concern to them. And they also imported food in one of the first major attempts to stop a famine. 
Peasants starving was not something 19th century regimes normally cared about, be it any of the famines in Ireland or Britain, or anywhere across Europe. 
Some of your points don't really make sense either. The British used sepoys in India, they never had huge numbers of British troops stationed there because it was really far away. 
Also, who do you think was exporting all this food? Do you not realise it was mostly Irish people?
I love to-do lists. I feel a little bit more accomplished every time I tick something off. I even added a friend’s errand so she would finally do it if I nudged her enough. ? @USER We seem to  live by lists Emma lol? always more to add.
Are they some sort of um, niche club or brothel? That could explain the $50/hr pre-checkin fee!
Samurai sword. How long would it take for it to dull out? I'm sure it would be in heavy use.
Please say a prayer for me for I feel very alone tonight. @USER He'll never leave you nor forsake you. Hold on to that truth.
@USER  @USER please share your advice . @USER  @USER Just saw. Will do ?????
Just stand still and make them walk around you. Arseholes. Even better if they're on their phone and not looking, then with luck they'll cannon into you and drop their life sucking bit of plastic. If they’re on their phone and not looking but coming straight towards you, don’t change direction. They usually look up and move about 2-3 seconds before walking into you.
Abuse of teachers and school admin (particilarly female staff) is chronic. Most of the article is behind a pay-wall, but the first few paragraphs are suitably appalling.
Jags fans, if you could put any former Jaguar player (in their prime) on the Jags current roster, who would it be? #Duuuval #Jaguars. @USER Winston Guy Jr. At Strong Safety. Lol ?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What response did you get from UIDAI? As i am having same issue and i have placed the request and status is Refund in Progress (Dont know why) and i am not able to order again as some error. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER No response.
I've said this many times on the pod, but losing Sasha Banks is losing someone who can legitimately be a crossover star. Big fail on WWE for that. @USER WWE Women's Tag Team Titles. Lol.
Holiday and work?? @USER Feels good.
@USER Personally, the rankings are flawed for all three tours. Pgatour is rated too highly, European tour too low and LIV should have realised it would take time for them to get on it. Think the picture will be clearer in 12 months. @USER  @USER How can LIV expect ranking pints when they play a completely different format (easier) than the rest of the other tours.
Cashless Bail MUST be REPEALED!

Judges need discretion to weigh dangerousness.

Criminals shouldn’t be able to chop up tables &amp; walls of a McDonald’s, swinging the hatchet wildly at customers, &amp; be released from custody before the fries get cold.

We must take back our streets! @USER What about the group of guys that were beating on him first?  Shouldn’t they have been arrested as well?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Doing great work dear, go ahead ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
looking forward to the morons in work tomorrow, after getting this on whatsapp, telling everyone that this was another example of the great big conspiracy to hide the hundreds of cases here and lockdown of hospitals/hotels/businesses, being committed by the government/HSE/relatives of those infected/workmates/people in those places, etc etc. It's not a conspiracy, its simply unstoppable at this point.
wind power my arse. so....what you think this is false? Or you prefer burning stuff?
What's going on is probably you look like a scruffy motherfucker.
Wait, I checked your post history:
>Charged with Dangerous Drugs Possession
Well there we go then. Bullshit charge or not you're on a list boyo. You're probably on the money.
You know, I thought about this for a couple minutes, and I really don't have one. Man that's sad... Well what’s your not so secret kink?
Ridiculous.
Give them to the crowds and see what comes out. We are a civilised society and mob “justice” is not legitimate form of justice.
Apparently the execution was stayed because the president has not replied to the mercy petition filed by the convicts.
Why is the HSE so incompetent? My girlfriends mam works in a school and they have a student coming back from a trip to Italy.
They got advice from the HSE who told them if she feels fine just let her attend classes. Are they actually that incompetent? What are they supposed to do?
Realistically they can't close everywhere.
People still need to go to work to get paid.
We still need medication and foods.
Scientists have discovered a way to combat anxiety disorders: This breakthrough remedy also helps people cope with depression, fibromyalgia, chronic pain, nervous exhaustion, and other conditions. Don't put it off any longer because demand is increasing by the day. @USER Grass means no Skittles or Haribos , Young Dumb and Broke Khalid. @SkyNews.
@USER I dont believe you just send me a rack and i will let you know. @USER  @USER ??? Me too.
Divorcees often go to counseling to heal from a divorce, but what about their children? Please consider them during and after a divorce, even if they seem to be doing fine. @USER One of r neighbors for whom Kate used to babysit got herself frequent counseling,but was dismissive when Kate told her that her son&amp;daughter could use some help to—it really showed.
They’ve both turned out to be great young adults but it would’ve been great if they’d suffer less.
@USER gand fatati h bhai koi sunny bola toh..Chennai things. @USER Chennai ka hoga but yaha 4 din baad Suraj nikla hai ?
@USER  @USER I've seen jazz described as "appropriating black culture"... Where does influence end and "appropriation" begin? Not a trivial question. @USER  @USER  @USER “Can white guys play the Blues?”, and other assorted clichés?
These are setts not cobbles. That's not what I was referring to riding over. If you knew the area you would get that.
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER VERY easy. 
Got it at my local Walgreens the first week it was available.
Donald Trump is purposefully handling the Corona Virus poorly so that it reaches pandemic state and he can declare Martial Law.
Martial law: is the imposition of direct military control of normal civilian functions by a government, especially in response to a temporary emergency such as invasion or major disaster, or in an occupied territory. As if he would think that far ahead.
#PUSHPA CLEAN SWEEP AT  @USER  . BEST ACTOR , BEST DIR , BEST MUSIC DIR , BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY , BEST MALE SINGER , BEST FEMALE SINGER &amp; BEST FILM . THANK YOU ALL . HUMBLED ?? @USER  @USER THaggedhele.
@USER Good win against a very average Wexford team. Subs &amp; fitness were the difference. FB line quite poor though. Wexford denied a stone wall penalty at the end. Both Clare midfield taken off too. Won't be good enough in the semi. @USER  @USER Twas no penalty! Watch replay u see at least 2 clare backs ar there.
I have a company credit card for entertaining customers which I have, on occasion, used to purchase an extravagant selection of biscuits for the office. How extravagant?
Someone just told me they spent 7K on a gaming PC ? @USER Waste of money.
Former supporter, last night: “Joe, you’re a Democrat. Just admit it.”

Me: “I’m not a Democrat.”

Him: “U support Democrats. So u support their policy agenda.”

Me: “I oppose most of their agenda. But this isn’t about policy. It’s about our democracy.”

Him: “You’re a Democrat.”. @USER Most agree to wanting the highest level of autonomy possible (small government). Most agree our taxes should be efficiently managed. 
Most agree the Executive branch has swelled too large. 
This is where we almost all agree.

It makes one neither liberal or conservative.
Saw a mosquito on the wall and for some stupid reason I thought a let’s punch him into bits, so I make a fist and thrust it into the wall and the mosquito flees injured and my hand is killing me.
It literally hurts like a fracture. Handwash karle.
@USER Wow!  Just Wow! ??? @USER ❤️??

Thanks as always xx.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Who cares about that inept disrespectful tramp looking non entity offensive party’s supposed leader.

A total embarrassment to Scotland and the SNP just by association. He is playing the SNP for all it’s worth and making them look seriously bad.
@USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations! What a fab project! @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you Tracy! ??
Am I the only one who likes to have the tv on while I write, instead of music?? There have to be more of us out there! #amwriting. @USER Either for me.
To all the girls who have eyes on only one guy are the real princess ?? @USER I used to be that guy. 

But ever since I got married, I don’t get those looks, but the stares ?
Should a woman ask a man out or wait? @USER Always ask...you have nothing to lose.
What are you starting to like less and less the older you get? @USER Entertaining house guests! I feel glad when people have gone and I can get back to just doing my own thing.
RIP my neighbour who told his wife he was popping out to get some sewing thread but got distracted and went to the pub instead. Gone but not for cotton. #dadjokes. @USER @ChrisDuley7.
All of them. You beat me by 4 min, I like you dark friend.
I hope India will not make same mistake to add Ruturaj Gaikwad in playing 11.

Simple formula:
Play without Ruturaj and you will win!!
 @USER  @USER #INDvSA. @USER  @USER  @USER Lets give chance to Rahul Tripathi. Or else team will be same which played in ODI in second match.
Get Shane Meahan on the pitch #clare. @USER There you go.
10 minutes!? You might want to consider not boiling a full kettle. Quicker and better for your pocket (and the planet). it batters my haddock whenever my parents come to visit and I go to boil the kettle to find there's 6 litres of water in there and all they did was have a cup of tea each.
The government response to the massacre was appalling and disrespectful to the victims.
There should be laws preventing the public office enacting Terrorist Manifestos into law and fulfilling the homicidal fantasy of such people. What are you talking about? What manifesto was made into law?
Guy in a car deliberately run over a cyclist because the driver was in a rush. cyclist deliberately running red lights because rules don’t apply to them.
That means nothing. Yeah, it's pretty much the norm for all really rich people (politicians included) to send their kids to study in these kinds of universities and it isn't just one political party that does it.
Watched a documentary (think it was in Canada) a while back where they had safe centers where people could get clean needles, be supervised by medical staff while using controlled substances and offered rehabilitation programmes and not be threatened by police 
None of the drugs had been decriminalised but the state has recognised an epidemic and offered a safer system to those at the highest risk levels.
I don't think at this point decriminalization would do shit. we've an rooted black market supply chain that isn't going anywhere, best thing the state can do is provide early education into the long term effects of drug use, heavily change the support infrastructure for those caught in addiction cycles and stop treating em like dregs and leaving em in back alleys. We have legislation permitting a safe injection facility on the cards for the last 5 years. It's been blocked multiple times from planning permission objections. Hopefully it will eventually get built. Once we have one others will follow. One day we'll hopefully have a place like this for drug users to go and access harm reduction facilities.
You know those absolute, defining moments of being young that you just remember here forever, I had one here. 
Myself, sister and parents sat in the front garden of this place with a live band. Late summer sun going down, live music, just life suspended as it was in that moment. happy cake day.
>-If you are sick STAY at home
This! FFS. What about people that need to choose between eating and working?
Finding Nemo. That shit was scary as fuck. Shat my pants only looking at the title, never scare me like that again man.
एवढया वर्षे झाले ट्विटर वापरते पण like ला चार वेळा प्रेस केल्यावर स्क्रिनशॉट निघतो हे आज समजले ?‍♀️?‍♀️. @USER Ho ka.
Finish this sentence:
The emotion I find the most difficult to control is ________. @USER My sadness once it starts I can’t stop it.
How embarrassing for him.
1) all that stuff attached to his van.
2) driving a Renault. Everyone knows the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Honestly, your downvotes are welcome, but if he pulled up in that van and I had hired him, I’d be questioning my decision. >  the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Would that be the Ford Transit, made by an American car company?
Even though 1 offender is too many, to put this in perspective: There are over 11,000 police officers in Queensland, 84 officers is less than 1% of officers. If the problem under-reported and actually 10 times worse, that's still only about 7% of the police force. ACAB retards will still think it's the entire police force, the abuse thing is the same as all other shit. Some muslims did some terrorist shit but it doesn't make every muslim a terrorist. Some weebs like the kiddie shit but it doesn't make all weebs pedos. Some cops are cunts but it doesn't make them all cunts. Everytime I see ACAB I instantly picture some filthy bogan living of welfare lol.
@USER Good morning brother. @USER Good morning bro! #LevelUp.
जबसे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की हत्या हुई है तबसे अब तक 35 बॉलीवुड फिल्मे फ्लॉप हो चुकी है,,

कुछ साल और बहिस्कार और सारी गंदगी साफ़ हो जाएगी बॉलीवुड की !! @USER Bollywood Boycott.
Such a short term outlook by the governing bodies. The sport gets so much more exposure and interest (and new fans) by being on free to air, terrestrial TV. Cricket hemorrhaged fans when it went from Channel 4 to Sky years ago, same with Formula 1. I used to go every year to Hockenheim. Had my fixed ticket in the Südtribüne, awesome seats. Favourite memory was Irvine winning and Jordan coming third in 99. Brilliant weekends mixing with great fans from all over. Once it went behind a paywall I lost interest totally, stopped going as I no longer watched. Couldn't even tell you the teams in F1 now outside the old regulars.
I really hope the same doesn't happen to the rugby now.
Why are most of the people in that image wearing a white t-shirt and red cap. And the same hat at that.
@USER Was there pineapples on it? ? @USER  @USER Clearly. Man has class.
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER Both.
$250 give away to who leaves the most comments &amp;  $250  to whoever leaves the last comment ‼️
Ends in 3 days &amp; post must reach 5,000 comments to trigger this giveaway.....
Comment “ #apejet “  and teg your 2 friends. @USER Jay APEJET.
What's St Pattys? Patty is a burger. So I think it's "Saint Hamburger Day".
I don't even understand this one. IKEA isn't actually a word, its an acronym for the creator and where he grew up.
If it stood for something norse or whatever (Tron is a good example that seems ridiculous for a western audience due to the film franchise but actually means something different) then you could forgive the parents here, but fucking Ikea? It's a made up story.
I am a germophobe and ATMs and shopping trolleys definitely make me uncomfortable. Then you don't want to think about bus and train poles, public bathroom doors/knobs (like Central station) and 711 hot dogs!
@USER Got mine today, too. Feel like crap! @USER This one doesn’t seem to have made me feel bad.
@USER Weight kaafi put on hgya h ? aur exams tk hosh me rehna h to mid Nov tk No Choley Bhaturey ?‍?️???? @USER  @USER CA's child be like

A for Asset

B for Balance Sheet

C for Chartered Accountants

D for Documentation

E for Equity

Continue in the comments......
What type of woman is Carrie Symonds? @USER She's a social climbing slapper.
I have ethical issues with Crufts. Their arbitrary breed standards have resulted in dogs with horrific medical problems, causing needless suffering. The sooner Crufts disappears, the better, as far as I'm concerned. "Pedigree" is just a more polite term for "inbred".
Knew someone who worked in a bank, their hands would get black with dirt after handling money. Physical money is fully gross.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER ✋.
@USER The market defines how students/consumers perceive. If companies/HR  systems demand a degree, ths will continue. When they demand skills, intellect, attitude, persona, purpose - consumers will adapt. Onus our side of the fence. Campuses continue creating wealth for shareholders. @USER It's a wicked problem . Corporates are very unhappy with today's graduates , and find most of them unemployable , which is why they spend so much on training them after hiring them.
Why does Mayo extend into the ocean but everywhere else stops at the coast? Hard to carve the islands of mayo without them breaking off, easier to do 2 stages of relief.
@USER The RL bubble scene needs a little bit more than the one of the other esports in my bed. @USER  @USER Unreal dedication to the esport @Gregan.
@USER  @USER  @USER Oh how wonderful!! Congrats! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Josh! (I’ll never forget how kind you were when I lost my job, which was the exact period in which I was writing this one. It meant/ means a lot!) X.
Good morning bitches! Woke up 3am, alarm for 4:30am. I cleaned the toilet. I walked my dog. I am showered, I am full of coffee and breakfast. GET AT ME MOTHER FUCKERS. @USER Oh. You are REA-DY.
@USER  @USER Please share consignment number. @USER  @USER Pls find the bellow consignment number EO541398395IN
Even it was booked in speed post the shipment was laying in the particular post office for 4 days. nd in portal it was showing door locked. Instead they haven't attempted for a single time for delivery.
I think the producers would do my nut in if I was ever on the show. All that silly happy clappy waving and bullshit is cringy af. But then your granny sits in the crowd and you just wanna let her brag about it to her friends for the week.
Man dresses appropriately for cold weather and is  silently harangued by idiot who has by some freak occurrence not yet won a Darwin award. ? Man hasn’t got the hang of the concept of taking off his coat if he’s a bit too warm.
Bugger no dunny paper oh well courier mail will have to do. Just remember to crumple, roll and crumple. You dont want to end up with "Murdoch red ass syndrome" Its bad when your ass looks like his face.
Tell me you ain’t never had it like this…. @USER Never.
@USER All the best bro. @USER Thanks bro.
@USER Is that a full Irish? @USER Lacking a potato cake.
Can you believe that business support will be delayed and then backdated because of Party recesses.. that few weeks could be the difference for some operators..

All because of Party Conferences.

They should have been cancelled with all the missed Parliamentary days already. @USER Exactly ?
That's good. Much better to be over prepared in these cases. Why do you think this is over prepared?
imagine being so fragile that the thumbs up emoji fucks you up

at least i have real problems. @USER  @USER I'm listening.
#IndvsSA 3rd ODI New Delhi
The Sun is finally out The clouds have dispersed The chances of play brightens subject to condition of the pitch &amp; ground 
The empires will survey the ground &amp; the pitch at 1 PM to decide
Let's wait &amp; watch. #IndiavsSouthAfrica 3rd ODI New Delhi
Start of match has been delayed due to wet ground conditions Even toss has not taken place
Let's wait &amp; watch.
@USER  @USER Your a bender. @USER  @USER Disappointed bro.
Yeah but it’s funny because it’ll do nothing to stop the spread of coronavirus.. True, if it is a droplet infection. 
Ring-a-ring o' roses,
A pocket full of posies,
A-tishoo! A-tishoo!
We all fall down.
Context: I was recently booted from a perm part time job that I held for a year, after I was made casual 2 weeks prior to being booted and hours going from 20+ a week to 3-6.  
Placed back into Newstart I was apparently in the 'work for the dole phase' where I had on my file that "Essential Skills for Work" was a course that is mandatory to complete. 2 weeks, 9 till 2 of the most transparent cash grab of a course I have ever seen.  
English is broken at best, most multiple choices don't actually have correct values in them (i.e one wanted to calculate 15 hours of pay at $17.50 an hour, but had 5 choices all under $70). I am currently trying to complete a supplementary course in Python, specifically ML, and was going to use my free time during the day to jobsearch...  
Mandatory. 5 hours a day for 2 weeks. I have to sit in this popup office and cannot complete it in my own time at my home computer. Doing this blatant government supplement cash grab that we're all paying for.  
None of the people who 'work' in the office actually have anything to do with the course; all they do is schedule and mark you off as attended. LP Pathways is the name of the provider of this gem.  
Edit: Bonus image. Parts of the course that require supervision are just ignored as that would be a waste of profit.  
Edit 2, the sequel: It is not too. Currently lodging a formal complaint as my Employment Provider is refusing to negotiate my contract with them to get me out of this nightmare. There have long been documented cases (with evidence) that these courses are just what you claim, a cash grab by the organization that is singing you off. You are not crazy, the course is complete bullshit as you have discovered.   
Unfortunately it's easier to just get through it than to try to kick up a stink. I know from experience.
@USER ???????? bravo Calvin, you shook the bushes and some dumb asses fell out ? @USER ??? now that’s funny.
Who do you think should sing the next #JamesBond  @USER title song? @USER  @USER @thearmed.
@USER That’s not tea ! It’s warm milk !!  Ahhhh Dee ? @USER  @USER They're are people doing time in Portlaoise for far less.
I get a yearly raise which is supposed to be in line with inflation but every year they tell us how many millions in profit they make and how it's not enough to give us all inflation rates so every year I effectively work for 1-2% less than I did the year before. I see you obviously work at the same place I do :-(.
@USER i am living in wonderful bliss having shit all knowledge of the timelines ? @USER  @USER Right?
I know enough to be dangerous about that franchise but not enough of all of that so I’m just enjoying an incredible show.
Question for people older than me: Were the left always such unutterable pieces of garbage, or have they gotten a lot worse in recent years? @USER MUCH MUCH worse. Very dangerous.
Looks like NCP will also go the hindutva route after sharad pawar dies. when did NCP have an ideology.
Sure Ireland hasn't been neutral since ww never.
We claim to be neutral but we're very pro allied. We are still neutral.
I'm not sure you fully understand what that means tbf.
So ... in wallet, in pocket, in pocket.
Not exactly master criminals, are they? I remember years ago my mate had a lighter that you could stash stuff in. It worked and everything. Thing is though, I never once remember getting searched going in to a bar or club in Sheffield.
What SONG did YOU listen to TODAY? @USER REM what's the Frequency, Kenneth ?
Happy Wednesday, #Resisters and all Non-MAGA! 
To grow your account -
24-hr. Vet/Follow/FB all who Retweet.
#FollowParty #FBR #FBPE #connectblue. @USER Good morning #Resisters. Have an absolutely awesome day. ?
so were getting free drugs? No you have to pay for charas ki chutney.
Tough enough. Wales are always handy, this is the best Finnish team ever but I don't know much about Bulgaria. We beat Bulgaria 3-0 a few months back so that's something at least.
Fill in the blanks and give it back, I think that's the game. My brother recommended posting a note saying:
“I’ll park wherever I want you   _  _  _  _   _  _ _ “.
Stupid thing is that the major brands of toilet paper are made in Australia.
Check if they have hand sanitiser. I was trying to google this earlier, wondering if the issue was import controls from Chinese paper; thanks for confirming!
Are you Afraid to fly? I am. @USER I was in the beginning but now I fly a lot so not so much.
Wrong step.. Hear me out..
The stupid priest want to create a connection between the cooking and the periods. Periods are OK. Cooking is ok. The portrayal of connection is bad. By organising this, they associated food with periods thereby highlighting the connection. Its the same as we have shit in our stomach too all time and we eat food from mouth. But we never choose to notice this fact bcoz this connection is not that good to think on. The stupid priest won in a way. No priest would tell you to not cook food because you shat that day.
Most people are asymptomatic in the early stages,and something like eighty percent of carriers only get mild symptoms.
So, scanning might look good,but is next to useless. How is it next to useless when it still catches people? Anything that slows its spread is useful.
@USER He’s blues apparently but either way it’s the most embarrassing attempt I’ve ever seen. @USER Why would you hit such a legend.
Been like that for weeks in Sydney. And Melbourne.
Train your mind to stay calm in every situation. @USER I am calm in every situation.
“Everything that exists is born for no reason, carries on living through weakness, and dies by accident” – Jean-Paul Sartre. @USER Everything that exists born for a certain reason.
I take immunosuppressants for inflammatory bowel disease, do you know if that makes me more susceptible? It probably would, even the fact you have an autoimmune disease might. But I wouldn’t ever stop taking them, the reward here far outweighs the current risk.
Just keep regular hand hygiene and ask people around you that if they feel they may have been exposed or have any symptoms that they keep their distance from you if possible.
Code with music or without? @USER With if you're not aware that what you have to do...and how will you do...or without if you're an expert... listen and code... actually this should be a goal for many beginners. "Music, Hustle &amp; Code".
People are acting like an unstoppable force of gastro is sweeping the planet. The shit apocalypse. Apoocalypse.
Washing my hands more. Smart one, you are.
Police confirmed that all these are rumors.
I am right now in Rajouri Garden market.  ALL PEACEFUL.   Yes, there is panic. All shop owners have shut shops and gone home as a precautionary measure. Police deployment has been done.  All metro stations are functional and running smoothly. No damage or disturbance reported 
 URL 
 URL. Rajouri Garden is more than 10km away from where I live. Why play with peopl's safety with these?
Philadelphia is where it's at, we're gay af. Baltimore too. Come on over and be gay with us.
The Clothes Show. Was that I’m after Antiques roadshow? Maybe it was a Sat? Also, Time Team, I  feel like it should’ve been Sun night if it wasn’t. > The Clothes Show. Was that I’m after Antiques roadshow?
IIRC it was on Sundays, but at like 3 or 4 pm?
EDIT: Close. It was 5pm in 1993!
@USER GM ?? @USER  @USER Gm ☮️.
As I dive more into health challenges that are prevalent within my family &amp; friends (heart disease, auto immune diseases, neurological diseases), research points to improving food choices for better nutrient density. Getting in protein, fiber, antioxidants &amp; the vitamins/minerals from whole food/plant food choices can make a huge difference.

 @USER has an amazing book called “How Not to Die”. I’m not saying to follow it directly, but it is definitely worth getting some ideas from.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hello bro iam also facing same issue on my poco X2 .. so what is next your move... Plz help me. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER this my insta I'd DM me bro @ms__akshay.
in your defence they’ve also highlighted a bunch of islands that are not great britain. just a bit of a mess of a graphics job. At least they didn't include the Isle of Man.
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER I do a very good Ruth imitation so if you need a sister the Langmores didn’t know they had…….
@USER Gotta get those clicks. @USER Think they just don't have time to digest the slew of online content.
Gets jealous when I go to work. How else we gonna feed them? They never think through stuff like this do they.
Good Lord! Very Good Lord!
So is there a set annual date for these things or is it more whenever they reach a certain number, like once they have a thousand or so people? I think they have about 3 a year, maybe moving between Killarney and the Convention Centre. A few of the women in work have gone become citizens in the last 2 years. 
The Polish woman had to go to Killarney which she wasn't happy about, but she's also rarely happy.
Bit worried about it actually. Work in health care and I have asthma.   If I do get it. I am going to be as sick as anything. Fingers crossed you don't! I work in retail and surrounded by people who decide that shopping is the best idea when suffering with colds and sickness bugs. A bit like the health care sector cos I worked there too!
the problem with EAs is that they hold some of the largest vegan conferences in the world, but also think that at least some of the time, the market is the solution. 

this gives bad vibes to everyone. @USER If you view eating animals as a negative externality, or animal welfare as a public good (or both), then the free market is not the solution.
One that have boobs. I saw comments like these coming.
Uneducated fucks.
This country's education system is a joke.
My toilet papers are at least useful to wipe ass. Those degrees are useless. Tell that to employers.    
And after u get a good job with ur toilet papers, make a post on reddit.
My company have basically said we can work from home if we feel safer doing so... but only with our direct manager's approval.
But no one has the stones to make the first move on my team. Plenty of other teams have people at home now. But my team get the vibe our manager would be a bit shit if we started.
Honestly I would definitely feel safer. I can work 100% remote, and my office is  giant open plan with nearly 1000 people who are constantly travelling for work, so if this actually kicks off it'll be a fair nightmare for spreading. Just bite the bullet and ask better safe than sorry worst they can say is no.
Same thing happened to me. 
I eventually found a stash under the sink. 
So nice to have the windows and doors open today. Just checked under the sink
No luck.
Yea-no. I have no sympathy. You could have sold locally and avoided this (tbh no one knew it was going to happen), but like EVERY investment; it's never 100% secure. Wow. Someone has a case of tall poppy syndrome. 
If you had an ounce of economic knowledge then you would have sympathy for this AUSTRALIAN business....
Queen or Prince? @USER Prince.
Laugh scornfully and call them WhatsApp Baba.
If they persist, ask them "so what"?
Hindu or muslim, India is India. That's what I don't want to do. He is a reasonable person. I just want him to think rationally about this. But looks like he has made up his opinion by reading/hearing the same stuff being spread across India again and again. And I want to change his opinion about this by making a rational discussion.
Is there anything I can say other than “the President rode his bicycle into a tree”? @USER Your President is a Klutz!
Would you support NHS workers if they had to go out on strike?

It looks like we will be left with little choice soon! 

If you would support us please reply with a ?.

#OurNHS. @USER  @USER Yes I support all workers whatever action they believe required to Remove the Tories ASAP.
Fuck yeah. Means I don’t have to ration my toilet paper anymore whenever I have a pull. Yikes!!!
Ten year olds. You won this question.
There is a great deal of research done on the efficacy of homeopathy, and you can google some meta studies on the subject. From my experience, (and the studies support this), homeopathy works on several ailments that main stream medicine has difficulty in treating, like respiratory diseases such as asthma, especially in children. It also has shown to be effective in reducing discomfort and pain from the side effects of cancer treatments like chemo, removal of warts without surgery, etc. 
The problem occurs when some homeopaths make outlandish claims on its cures. Homeopathy has its place in treating several chronic problems, but if people start believing it can cure cancers and the like, then they will run into major problems. So look at homeopathy as an effective alternative to some ailments that cause discomfort which main stream medicine cannot cure. But looking at it as an effective and complete alternative to allopathy will mean one will do so at one’s own peril. However, there is always the problem of finding an experienced and effective homeopath, since so many of them are just not upto the mark. Link a peer reviewed journal for these claims please.
Apologies for jumping in, and downvote it all, if you like. I’m not Irish, but seeing as this thing gets global: We have been through bird and swine flu, the pneumonia, and now this. Not to mention Ebola. And here we all are. It’s not like we have a plague on our hands and as far as I know it’s not the Middle Ages. I heart all the people who lost their loved ones. It is a great tragedy. But isn’t it getting a bit out of hand? I dont know the parade is a bit of a plague haha, but I do agree we shouldnt cancel it for covid-19 I dont remember covids 1-18 so they couldnt have been that bad.
@USER Tom Baker. @USER Good shout. He’s in.
@USER Why is this news! @USER  @USER Not for me. Dislike animal racing &amp; gambling &amp; have no idea who she is.
Yesterday I was greedy and inpatient and burned my top lip with my hot tea. This morning I tripped on a kitchen rug and busted the inside of my bottom lip when I slammed into the kitchen counter. I will be taking instant oatmeal to work for breakfast and lunch today ???‍♀️. @USER Well at least both lips are even now so you don't have to worry about looking lopsided ??
@USER What a couple in films and what a cuple it would be in real life if married. @USER  @USER Nonsense.
Amitabh married Jaya out of his own volition on 3rd June 1973.
Do Anjane was released in 1976.
If only Rekha had some scruples...
Funny how for a generation, the people of Ballsbridge would’ve associated the swastika with that truck and every subsequent generation it’s associated with you know, fascism, genocide etc
Edit: shite grammar. Jaysus Mary. That crowd down the laundry are really taking the piss. I hear they annexed Poland. Michaeleen was always a nice lad. What would his poor mother day Lord rest her.
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER He’s playing to a Russian public and hawks first. But I agree. He’s upped the stakes. He had to. It strengthens his negotiating position if that is what it comes to. He knows he can’t win a conventional war.
All the metal musicians I know, both locally and abroad are all really chilled non-judgmental types who just want to grind out some hardcore sounds. We expend our rage through music. Try being angry after practicing Reign in Blood on drums for 2 hours.
Happy Wednesday, #Resisters and all Non-MAGA! 
To grow your account -
24-hr. Vet/Follow/FB all who Retweet.
#FollowParty #FBR #FBPE #connectblue. @USER Good morning #Resisters. Have an absolutely awesome day. ?
Weight gain is more difficult than weight loss ,? change my mind if you can. @USER Pran Jaaye Par Wajan Na Jaaye.
OK. Thanks for that. We appreciate your enthusiasm!
Listen, about the women, if you want them, you can have them. Maybe we can do a cultural exchange whereby we send you a few Gráinnes and Sinéads and you send us some Lunas and Danielas. Would that be a good place to start? Absolutely, whenever said Gráinnes, Sinéads, Lunas and Danielas are fine with it. I'm sure they as well are up to a cultural exchange. But jokes aside, i like those Irish names as well. They seem really natural and  unpretentious.
Loving these meta posts. Came here to say this, really rather enjoyable.
Depends on how the shipper sends it.   If they send it via post, then Aust Post handles it here.    But if they use a courier service like DHL or Fed Ex, then they handle it all the way to your door.
Most couriers will not deliver to a post box either. ahh ok, that's a shame. thanks for the insight.
@USER What did it for her? @USER Well, she was anti Trump 2016 and 2020. She was a moderate R. She’s pro choice. She’s pro Lgbtq. She thought 1/6 was a disgrace to all. And she was very upset with how DeSantis dealt with Covid.
@USER #FZS
I am a FZS V3 BS6 bike user and just after one and half year tank panel is got broken. Most of the FZS user are facing same problem. If we go to the service centre, they ask to change the panel. What a worst design for fitting of this tank panel.  1/2. Design should be rigid and trouble free. Very disappointed. People are investing 1.3 lac amount for bike means they expect something good. Whole tank is fitted on just 2 screws??  Look is okay but .... This tank panel is the big fault of the designer. Need solution
@India_Yamaha.
People think we’ve bough Forster, Bissouma and Perisic for £25m.

We haven’t. It’s £17m as we sold CCV for £8m. @USER We also need to move Ndombele winks lo Celso Regullion Rodon Bergwin Royal on also....
Decent fees for all...Lose our shirt on Ndombele.....Loan most likely there.....
@USER Now I’m curious. What did this fox say? @USER Nothing. He or she just looked at us….imperiously.
It's the flu.  A higher percentage of old and sick people might die than the regular flu.  But not that much higher. 
Everyone is freaking out. 
I don't get the obsession with toilet paper though. >old and sick people
Boomervirus.
If I didn’t need my health insurance I would have been quit my job. @USER Hang in there sis! ?
???? ?? ??????? 
Wrong answers only. @USER Crypto is a emotion of next generation.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Shame no one will be able to see such a 'crucial' event on TV. Is amateurish streaming on social media which has zero reach among the general public really the best the premier rally in Ireland can manage? Have a look at the NW200 to see how coverage should be done. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Hey Say WhatNow, just wondered if you could expand on your thesis description of “amateurish” and the correlation coefficient where you decry viewership as “zero public reach” (in general terms) very interested to discuss and learn from your view point.
Got wasted Friday, still feeling rough today.
Did by a new bed though Sunday. Super King... now panicking the headboard won't make it up the stairs into the loft conversion. There's plenty of headroom for it to go 'straight up' as long as it pivots around the first point... wondering if I should go back to the shop but all I could maybe do is cancel within the first 24 hours.
Going to be a long day! PIVOT!
Everyone Is Still Grasping Jonathan Scott Tragedy, here is the full story. @USER Its not a tragedy. Its life. It goes on. He's fine.
Kurt Cobain. Interestingly my uncle did his autopsy and even has pictures from it that he took home! (Unfortunately these picture are across the country at my grandparents house). Okay that is HELLA interesting.
@USER Kabhi kabhi toh lagta hain apun hi bhagwan hain jo baarish karata hain. ?
Was in Malda for a week, everyday it rained. Came back today at Eastern part of Calcutta, it’s raining since morning ? @USER Where is it raining? ?
What do people think the worst case scenario is with COVID-19? Like do people think we'll get the country shut down for two weeks or what? Genuine question, I know it's something the government/international bodies don't want to talk about yet/at all so I'm curious what people imagine it to be. OK, so, assuming for some reason that we do get a major fucking outbreak with say 200-300,000  infected, people are going to have to be treated at home  while holed up in their rooms. 
Mild cases just need food, supplies and maybe money - middling cases should be treated by community nurses and a few doctors (freed up by the canceling of all elective procedures) who check in on them wearing a full set of NBC protection).  Their transport would be arranged by the army, who'd take charge of hosing them down between visits.   
The Civil Defense would be in charge of distributing supplies like anti-inflammatories and food, fresh water etc.
AGS would take care of civil order and all limits on overtime for all branches would be lifted. 
That's a broad-brush look at how we might tackle things, and while we're honestly not familiar with this type of regime and it'd be a very odd time I think on the whole Irish people would help pitch in and be helpful.
The Left's problem is it can only entertain one narrative -  that all Tories are evil Thatcherites who put fiscal parsimony above everything else. They can't get their heads round what Truss is actually doing. @USER I reinforce my thinking by checking Richard Burgons tweets daily.
Clueless.
Hey atheists, what gives your life meaning if you don’t believe in God? @USER Family, friends, football, travelling, my dogs.

You know, real tangible things.
You know, I thought about this for a couple minutes, and I really don't have one. Man that's sad... Well what’s your not so secret kink?
True. Back in 1993 or the IM run from 2004-2007, the bombings felt unfair because neither governments nor society supported babri. Babri was carried out by what was seen as a fringe extremist group, but everybody in society paid the price. I have no problem calling those bombings terrorism.
But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism. Government, judiciary, media, police, bulk of hindu society itself - are arrayed against them. If they are forced into a fight they didn't want in the first place, it's not terrorism but resistance. Bhagat Singh might have thrown bombs, but he was not a terrorist - he was a resistance fighter. >But if bombings happen now, I'll actually call it armed resistance rather than condemn it as terrorism
Am sorry say this here(might even get banned), but these are early sings of getting radicalized, please seek help asap.
@USER How right you are Maureen
Your flowers are just beautiful ? @USER Thank you Dee.
I hope  @USER will insist that all Twitter posters use their real names &amp; not be keyboard cowards hiding behind silly little sophomoric screen names.  Be man enough or woman enough (if you even know what that is) to stand by what you say! If you can’t own it don’t say it. @USER  @USER Keep talking. Reminds me who to stay away from.
For the privileged, acknowledging that things are hard and speaking up about it is easy. This can be an example of how they cultivate hope.

However, the same cannot be said of those at the margins of society who may simply pacify their adversity and oppression.

(read on) 2/4. For those at the margins of society, cultivating hope can be done through pathways (e.g., religion, family) that sustain hope. They cannot speak up like the other group because they don’t have a voice. Even when they do it may not matter! 

(One more tweet) 3/4.
11 GOP AGs just asked 11th Cir. to side w/Trump &amp; Cannon over DOJ — not by arguing law or facts but by saying Biden’s gov’t dsn’t deserve the usual deference due Executive, just as Cannon said Trump deserves better treatment than other people! So much for equality before the law. @USER Don't forget to mention that several former AGs have submitted an amicus brief to the appellate court in favor of the government, and Judge Deary's remarks will probably hold some sway.
Nothing is difficult to attain, in this world or the other, to those who have meditation and divine Name in their life. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Divine thought
Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
@USER They are a pain in the hoop. @USER Usually end up sticking the fork or knife into them and squeezing sauce out.
If you're in a city with time to kill, what's the first thing you do? @USER Find a bar.
Amazing initiative by someone in Perth. I think it’s a fabulous idea and am jealous I’m stuck in Qld and can’t be there! I know. I’ve been talking all day about imagine if you were the one that floated the idea of “Let’s close down 10km of major highway and celebrate a guy that died 40 years ago”. Big kudos to that visionary!
Since I've taken office, companies at home and abroad have announced over $85 billion in new investments for electric vehicle, battery, and charging manufacturing all here in the U.S.

America is back leading the way. @USER Everything is up with the Biden administration: inflation 9.2,%, gas 39%, electricity 45%, crime over 100%,  Ilegal immigration over 100%.
Many of America's new far leftists are tied to terrorists all around the world. Its scary they might be part of the administration somehow if Bernie wins..  
Tulsi - RSS
Ilhan Omar - Erdogan
Talib - Hamas. And Donald Trump "fell in love" with Kim Jong Un. What's your point? This is a discussion about Tulsi's Hindutva leanings and ties to the RSS, not US politics in general.
I have been living in Ireland for 14 years and the one that left me scratching my head first time I heard it was 'road frontage'. Anyone outside of culchie-land feels the same.
Bet you can’t wait for them to put that bus lane in on the Tyne bridge. The logic of the council: too much traffic causing too much pollution, let’s make the queues bigger... oh my god I just googled that, I didn’t even know it was happening. That is a terrible idea!
it's disgusting. I've been trying to get dettol and Epson salts for my dogs infected foot for 2days now. I've been to around 10shops so far and everyone just laughs when you ask about having it in stock  
wtf are people doing with so much Epson salts! Cutting ice.
Jump street 21. Wth? Which part?
Amit killed those people. You should ask for his resignation rather. Narendra was not saying a word. If you want a bike, ask for a car.
Think I've seen this meme for every town in ireland over the past week. Because is true maybe?
So our slouching Business Sec  @USER evades Parliament &amp; finally makes critical major announcement re urgent #energycrisis support for businesses via video &amp; press release. Blatant avoidance of scrutiny exposes his false posing as one who respects tradition &amp; Parliament. @USER  @USER  @USER And what can  @USER do? Nothing!
Chunky or Smooth Peanutbutter? @USER Both. Just as long as it’s Laurel Scudder’s All Natural.
Bacon double cheese burger, no onions, no mustard, add mayonnaise, large fries, diet coke and maybe a McFlurry if I feel like it. PERFECT!
@USER Hpy b,day ? @USER Thank you ?
RTÉ is good for the basic news, Irish Times is good for analysis, Journal.ie is a a cesspit. The school in Dublin got leaked on thejournal, cesspit is an understatment, you cant post an article to r/news it is such tripe.
@USER Always down , never up ? I wonder what happens down there. @USER Actually I heard it go up about half an hour earlier but I was on my mat in the middle of an online Pilates class so didn't look!
@USER Best of luck Massimo, hope it goes smoothly. @USER  @USER Best wishes for a successful operation and a speedy and comfortable recovery .
Queen or Prince? @USER Both, Its A Tie To Me!
As much as i detest godi media, i feel sorry for this guy. I literally know nothing about him except for the fact that he is the OG b and d guy. Hahahaha. I don't feel sorry tho.
The irish seal rescue guy is on the ballot. Indeed, for some^cough reason I'll be voting for this lad.?
Halifax once locked my card because "Fraud Detection" after I got the CVV2 number wrong 3 times while drunk.
3 days later, they contact me to confirm if it was me or not.... The only time the Barclays fraud department ever contacted me, it actually *was* a fraud--someone had used my card to buy a plane flight to somewhere. I have my suspicions to this day who did it, but I have no proof, so nothing much to be done. Had to destroy my card and get a replacement, of course.
What’s your opinion on Meatloaf? @USER The rock star or the dish?
@USER Where can I find them. @USER  @USER My page.
Hii

Good morning ❤️? @USER Good morning.
@USER  @USER Love it! SO clever and effective ??? @USER  @USER Thanks so much Kali ?
Did they have a Reliant Regal? Um I don't recall seeing a car like that.
@USER A wet race is the ultimate.
That’s when you find out who can really drive. @USER I think a few drivers were regretting not starting the race in their tinnies.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ??
Idea of cheating excites far more people than you know. This is true. If the concept of marriage did not exist, the concept of adultery wouldn't have also existed. Both are redundant appendages of another time.
There's not enough details in this post, but let's assume 4 day week to make up 30 hours, that's 8 trips. And maybe one return trip at weekends every second week (I'm being conservative). Average of 9 trips a week then. Let's say 2.60 each, that's 23.40 a week, below the cap. That works out 1,216.8 a year.
Current tax liability is 18,000 multiplied by 0.2=3,600. Let's assume credits of 3,300, so annual tax liability of 300. With this relief taxable income would be 16,550, liability = 16,550 multiplied by 0.2=3,310, minus tax credits of 3,300 means final annual tax liability of 10 euro. Savings of 290 euro.
Also save on prsi but 18,000/52=346 a week, which is less than 352 so no prsi liability, therefore nothing to save on.
Finally, USC, the 1,450 would not be subject to USC, so that's 2% of 1,450, = 29 euro.
Total savings of 319 euro, meaning the ticket will really have a net cost of 1,131.
That's a saving of 85.8 a year compared to the cost I calculated in my example. Then take into account nitelinks, which are included in the tax saver ticket. And the convenience of it.
Even if only on the 2.15 bus fare it would still be worth it in my opinion. OP you can do out the numbers yourself based on your fare and frequency of getting the bus and see for yourself. Thank you for the detail, much appreciated! ?
Soap and hot water is all you need. Hand sanitizer is only useful if  you are out and about. yes thats what I want it for. I used to carry around a small bottle of some pink stuff that we used to clean hands out and about. At home, I just use soap.
This is the dickhead that urged more Holocaust education after Anti Semitic attacks last year  URL 
I guess it's all good humour and school boy antics Josh, until it's in your own backyard. Of all people, he should know better to pull his head in. Considering one of his staffers is incredibly anti-Semitic and Scott Morrison's got QAnon nutbags whispering in his ear I'm amazed Frydenberg hasn't realised he's in a shark tank and his bathers are made of chum.
Good morning Twitter. Positivity is extremely powerful, let's spread as much as we can today! ☕☕??? @USER Good morning hope you have a Terrific Thursday today ☕ ? ?
ଅର୍ଚନା ନାଗ ସର୍ବଦଳୀୟ ବୁଦ୍ଧିମତୀ ମହିଳା ଟିଏ ଥିଲେ
ବିଜେଡି,ବିଜେପି, କଂଗ୍ରେସ ସବୁ ଦଳର ନେତାଙ୍କ ସହ ସମ୍ପର୍କ ସ୍ଥାପନ କରି ରଖିଥିଲେ
ଯାହା ଫଳରେ ଏତେ ବଡ଼ ଘଟଣା ଉପରେ ଏବେ କେହି କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ  ଆନ୍ଦୋଳନ କରିବେନି
ସମସ୍ତଙ୍କର ତ ଏଠି କେଂ,କିଏ କାହା ବିରୋଧରେ କହିବ....?? @USER Jaha kahile ddy …
Ebe women reservations uthijiba darkar.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Congrats!
@USER  @USER Available from…? @USER  @USER Sent u a pm thanks.
Not every murder becomes big news. When it's a man killing a woman it does..
The Irishman. Someone who hates movies ain’t gonna sit thru that movie. Isn’t it like three hours?
Q3. What is the resolution of the #GalaxyZFlip3 main camera?
A. 8MP
B. 10MP
C. 12MP
D. 16MP

#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway #stufflistingsarmy. @USER C. 12MP
#FlipAtFlipkart #GalaxyZFlip3 #GalaxyZFlip3Giveaway
#stufflistingsarmy.
@USER You are badly due a wash! @USER True that ?
In Oz we call crisps, chips and chips, hot chips. Hard habit to break. Really...? I lurk on r/Australia and chips are chips and crisps are crisps. Perhaps it's  a regional thing...?
who the fuck lets this shit happen? what the fuck is wrong with the people in charge of this country? nature is one of our most valuable assets and they seem to want to fuck everyone out of it for a quick buck now. disgraceful. The middle management who are the liberal party don’t know or care about science or even common sense.
@USER Come home &amp; stop w this nonsense. @USER  @USER he’s already home though??
If he can consolidate Dalit and Muslim vote then it will be a massive blow to BJP. Dalits have been veering towards BJP inspite of it being a traditionally upper caste party. 70% of the total hindus are actually SC/ST/OBC so if he is able to have that vote, he will be GOLDEN.
Find it awful grandiose that we've just renamed Dublin to East Ireland without consulting anyone, but fair enough. They have special maps of Ireland in Dublin. Everything beyond the M50 is just marked, "Here Be Dragons.".
Well enjoyed this ! You have to make this a regular weekly thing with your bouncer mates stories also! Back in the early 90’s shit was way different. I remember seeing some bad ‘scruff of neck’ dragging into the ‘back room’ at our club we used to go to, I always assumed rival dealers as the ones allowed to work the club were there every week. Anyway times have changed.. Nothing like that now. 
There is a little passage In law to do with use of force and more specific preemptive strikes etc that is something along the lines of, “ special consideration should be taken around the prosecution of security staff at licensed premises due to the nature of their role and frequent contact with conflict” 
Sure many door staff will agree that consideration is pretty slim sometimes and a genuine concern that I’ve seen people post/ mention is that you can be in a full physical fight with someone that wants to do you harm and you have no idea how much support you will get from a legal perspective. 
You know that if someone complains it’s entirely someone is gonna sit there for hours picking the cctv apart frame by frame with some paper noting every moment of physical contact you make and try to decide from their office chair if they felt it reasonable.
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER I'm a wait and see.
The idea of superpowers has been around for a long time. A google search show the Poper Puff Girls was created in the 90s. But comicbooks have been around for a while. Marvel had comics during WW2, and DC comics was made in 1934 my a US Major in the army. 
The idea of superpowers, supernatural powers, and powers given to humans by god, has existed for thousands of years. We can't really say who created these ideas first. But, we can say that it wasn't the creator of the Power Puff Girls, sorry. Thats your realistic and correct information but like you're still wrong.
Internal matter? ...But India is a signatory to the universal declaration of human rights?..Isnt it ? Question here is , is citizenship a right of  a migrant? .
Whe have a constitution defining the citizenship.
Constitution will take precedence over UNHRC  in terms of deciding on citizenship as unhrzc declaration is nonbinding and we are a sovereign country.
Selling 3 Gerry cinnamon tickets face value for tommorro malahide castle #ticketfairy. @USER I may know someone interested. Are the physical tickets or electronic?
Nah its OK you were just being neighbourly. Thank you for your kind words but I'm still eating my Sunday roast with a side of mortification.
Found the original cart in an article on the proposed upgrade.
Interesting that it appears to have been $50k over budget but that wasn't mentioned. Government project being over budget is a given.
I'm bald bitch. Is that the new. Bitch I'm madonna?
@USER Wow. Nainital - Bhowali road? @USER Na, Mukteshwar road.
@USER If you ever wondered how the republican movement was brought to it's knees. Just read these replies. I'm actually embarrassed for them. @USER  @USER Are you trying to divert the debate or kid yourself?
These linked post jokes are getting old. Enjoy a down vote PAL.
You need margarine. Didn't meant to get you down voted.  I asked a question and you replied.  Thank you for the response; edited my reply to reflect that.  Cheers!
@USER Happy born day. @USER My dawg!!! Preciate it bro.
How tf people keep travelling all the fucking time? I hate Instagram posts of my friends.
@USER The whole ‘right to exist’ is a religious zealous mantra seeking to shut down contrary views. RTE Is new post pandemic trans version of Godwin’s Law

I wanna know where these activists were when other minorities faced real violence/verbal abuse threats &amp; their right to exist? ? @USER  @USER MIA Sajeela .
@USER Do one in small heath next. @USER The kids here need it plus there's loads of talent in small heath park lool.
Playing a fun game here, "Are they gay or do they just live in the inner North suburbs?". Dangly earrings, tiny shorts, an aztec patterned fleece and a shaved undercut/curly mullet are the look du jour.
None of the above. Just a normal girl. I got to touch an elephant. What a thrill. I’ve never done this. Adding it to my bucket list. Elephants are so majestic.
Any idea why Infosys futures is at 24-25 buck discount to spot? Dividend is only around 16 or so? @USER Where did you see Rs.16 dividend?

I think they haven't announced yet. Could be higher perhaps.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER FiFi,

whilst not for a moment questioning the accuracy of your comments - publicly praising the people who employ you in such fulsome terms - could be construed as somewhat self-serving. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I'm not employed by them.
haha my mum makes them like that too. But since there's only 3 of us there's usually twice as much yorkshire pudding then there is beef. That really was the idea of a Yorkshire pud. Fill you up because you couldn't afford much meat.
This week’s Dutton #Insiders bingo card to include the following words/phrases (have a drink for each one heard):
Aspirational
Stage 3 tax cuts 
Labor tax grab
Spiraling cost of living 
Union thugs 
ISIS fighters
National security 
People smugglers 
China
… other suggestions? @USER Love your work!
Your mother. Damn, you know her too?
@USER Hi Arshil Ahmad,
Greetings for the day ! 
We apologize for the inconvenience caused. We would like to inform you that the shipment is forwarded to delivery team and we have intimated the destination team to arrange for the delivery on priority. kindly wait ! @USER Courier delivered ho gya.
Didn’t know we had mountains named after rashers! They built the mountains in honour of the rashers, I believe.
They ran €10 billion over budget and were supposed to be like the Alps though.
Hovis! They have now have a small statue/installation of bread loaf at the top of the street.
Who remembers that Saturday morning tradition of getting up at 9am and settling in front of the television to watch Video Hits? Recovery was far superior.
@USER Sighs it’s so tragic how she died. She fell off her bike and then got hit. I feel terribly for her family and everyone who witness this. Truckers don’t listen. He should have been driving down Caton Ave. @USER That is the truck drivers story, lots of reasons to be skeptical of it.
सुना है सबकुछ मिल जाता है गूगल पर
 वफादार दोस्त चाहिए लोकेशन भेजना मुझे. @USER Yes am,I ok best'friends.
There was a discussion on twitter recently where income taxes across various wage levels were compared to other countries. It made it look like we tax more at higher incomes and less on lower earners than  other eu countries with better social services. Is there truth in this? 
It obviously excludes corporation tax. Not more on higher incomes. I think we tax roughly the same on high incomes as the nordic countries but less on low and middle incomes.
@USER Hey you should be in central Australia. We discovered the legs and feet of the largest bird on earth, Dromornis stirtoni. What a find. @USER That’s amazing!! Probably far too old for me, though ?
It’s a fucking disgrace that we can’t protect the doctors and health staff working in hospitals.
Why don’t they have all the protective equipment? When there is a suspected case, then they wear PPE. When there isn't any suspicion of a case, then they don't wear PPE. What guides "clinical suspicion" are the clinical guidelines... which state things like "recent return from an affected area (China, Iran etc).." Now that we have domestic transmission, it's probable that the guidelines might be updated, which will lower the bar at which doctors and nurses wear PPE.
Republican? Actually made me laugh, thank you.
A bhakt friend told me that untouchability was designed to prevent such communicable diseases as the lower caste ppl who do the dirty work are more likely to have virus infections and such customs and traditions in Hindu religion that are criticised by ill informed liberals have a sound scientific reasoning behind them.. That doesn't sound right at all.
@USER I have two standing and one seated! @USER  @USER Do you still have these?
I don't get these complaints. Netflix. Amazon prime. Apple TV. Disney+ then hundreds of channels on sky/virgin I'm sure there's plenty other things to watch. 
Or read a book
Listen to the radio
Go to the pub
I don't like love island therefore I just do something else. Everything they're on is absolute gash anyway.
No need to worry, that is the manager of Engadine Maccas.
Just a standard days supply. He needs double that for when the sharkies play at home! Everyone knows what Scotty is like on the turps.
@USER I stopped smoking Cohibas once the Macassar stopped being made. Also the Comandor is my favorite one but it’s no longer being made. @USER Well sheesh. I guess I may have been correct ony hesitation. Oh well, I'm sure these will be well worth the price.
Anyone optimistic about the future? Climate Change does not allow me to be optimistic.
You need the book to tax it, explain to a guard and you should be grand, legally they can not take it, however dont be a prick or they might not believe you and cause you a bit of lost time. Only bought it yesterday though. On a Saturday so tax office would have been closed anyway.
The people of Scotland had a vote on devolution in 1997.
They voted clearly in support of devolution and that vote has been respected with it's implementation.
Time for another vote to see if they still want devolution.
A lot has changed since then.
Is that how it works? @USER Spout what you like. It doesn’t take a nuclear scientist to see that Scottish people are much more able, smarter, caring, clever and compassionate. Beats me why anyone would want to be governed by the parcel of rogues that is Westmonster.
@USER Flannery and the climate cult have 'selective memory and research syndrome'. @USER  @USER They making money sone pay him hope is no us.
Cashless Bail MUST be REPEALED!

Judges need discretion to weigh dangerousness.

Criminals shouldn’t be able to chop up tables &amp; walls of a McDonald’s, swinging the hatchet wildly at customers, &amp; be released from custody before the fries get cold.

We must take back our streets! @USER  @USER New York City is lost. Put a fence up along the Hudson and keep Snake Plisken on speed dial for emergencies.
I swear this dude has the most punchable face. Have you seen Arnab?
They are aren't they? I always see on alcohol ads "always drink responsibly.". yeah like heinekens ads are literally all about not drinking and driving.
Still think these ought to be nuclear powered. I did, but then someone explained they need constant restocking with supplies whether nuclear or not so it doesn't make all that much difference anyway.
The blame put on women for not stopping themselves from being raped will never not shock and disgust me. @USER It’s disgusting,some men are predators and they will do absolutely anything to rape a woman,dirt bags of the highest order. Ian.
David Miscavige, the chairman of the Church of Scientology definitely murdered his wife and is getting off scott free for it. Him and his wife got into a pretty heated argument in 2007, and she hasn’t been seen since. Lawyers hired by David claim she is still alive and devotes 100% of her time to work at the church of scientology, which is why she hasn’t been seen since August 2007. In 2013, a former member of the church had filed a missing person report that was closed after a few officers had “spoken and seen Mrs.Miscavige”, even though there’s no evidence whatsoever of this meeting. All missing person’s reports now are turned down since this investigation is forever closed. She is either dead or locked in a bunker.
@USER Congratulations ??? @AshwiniMS_TNIE. @USER  @USER ಶುಭಾಶಯ.
Have you ever been accused of telling lies when you have been nothing but truthful to someone? I have and it’s absolutely soul destroying! ?? i need Jeremy Kyle to give me a lie detector #leavemealone. @USER Yes…and yes.
Next time put the warm water in a plastic bag and wipe it over your windscreen! Did not have the time at all this morning.. I can feel it already.. Its going to be a lovely day!
We need a couple more Sydney/Melbourne cities so it doesn't all end up in these two cities. 5 million is already uncomfortable. They could be existing smaller cities or we identify areas that have the capacity to be big cities and build from scratch when mass infrastructure can be built cheaply. 
This takes vision and leadership, which we haven't seen in this country in a while unfortunately. >This takes vision and leadership, which we haven't seen in this country in a while unfortunately.
Even with strong leadership, it is pretty difficult to force this in a capitalist, neoliberal society. People live where jobs are, jobs are created by the market, and the market favours existing big economic hubs. It is much easier said than done to shift our population.
Wish it was as easy to quit smoking as it was to quit cokes. @USER It’s not easy but it sure is worth it. I quit 11 years ago and never looked back.
@USER Khairiyat. @USER  @USER I wnna listen once ?‍?????
@USER And sugar in the tiniest sachets ever...have to open 3 just to get a teaspoon...totally wasteful. @USER  @USER Agree there. Sonetimes I have to use 4.
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. To be fair. Depending on what they have trademarked if you don’t use it and don’t defend it you lose that trademark.
See McDonald’s loosing the trademark to BigMac in EU.
I don’t know in what world people are living in where they believe #Ukraine is winning this war. The media are full of shit. #NATO involvement is literally their only life line and that can’t run forever without boiling over - which I would argue is happening already. This has been begging for a global conflict from the start. The media narrative is complete propaganda on all sides. The machine is hungry and it’s overdue. It needs blood and treasure to keep the beast fed. Been that way for centuries. Allegiance is not always a binary choice.
I’ve sucked a dick before, I’ve earned the right to make gay jokes. Did you swallow?
Yesterday in nifty volumes was 234 million and today’s only 120k . 
So Market is dull.
#StockMarkets. @USER At last u are talking charts ??
I got my electricity bill yesterday and it's my first full bill since I installed PV solar panels. Gone from 19kw usage to 8.5kw. And it saves 2.5 litres of heating oil a day too, approx €3.75/day. About €450 saving in the 63days (2 month bill). @USER Waiting for lads to call to look at installing for the farm. There flat out at the minute. Pay back will be quicker with the way increases keep coming!
@USER Good morning, Be Real. Regarding subtitles on Girls5Eva. We don't expect to have subtitle support anytime soon but we do hope to support all Peacock content in the future. Have a nice day. ^GS. @USER Thanks. That's really disappointing. I'm pretty astonished #subtitles (at least in the broadcast language) aren't standard for all TV in 2022.

Is  @USER not providing them or are your respective technologies not compatible?

#accessibility #deafawareness.
Yea-no. I have no sympathy. You could have sold locally and avoided this (tbh no one knew it was going to happen), but like EVERY investment; it's never 100% secure. Wow. Someone has a case of tall poppy syndrome. 
If you had an ounce of economic knowledge then you would have sympathy for this AUSTRALIAN business....
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER American Patriot.
i'm sad, marry me. @USER Yes i intrested ?
@USER  @USER @EK3N3. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER This is the reason why most of these guys don't give access to fans. Why record him?
This a serious question from a gardening pleb but how is he supposed to get rid of mud if it's wet? He could try using gardening tools and not a pressure washer. At least wait for the mud to dry before taking a photo for his Facebook page.
@USER  @USER Beautiful photo. @USER  @USER So good!
Jimmy neutron an donkey Kong have the same haircut. Why would you say that with no context?
Any idea why Infosys futures is at 24-25 buck discount to spot? Dividend is only around 16 or so? @USER Buyback and dividend ???

Why are they emptying cash reserves in such conditions for nothing?

Isn't this the time to stay in cash and grow by takeover due to precarious interest rate situation.

Something isn't right!!!!
I didn't know they got an actor to play Ted's height... that's impressive. Maybe I missed my calling as a height actor? Daniel Day Lewis really can do everything can't he.
Give it the sniff test, people really underestimate the accuracy of it. Also works well on first dates.
Bloody Dutton’s comments at the end just fill me with shame and despair - what a complete c*nt. I'm just glad we dodged the bullet of that mini 'tator becoming PM.
@USER One caveat. Most of the things Biden says are lies. @USER  @USER Well first of all you have to be educated to the extent that you can differentiate between, facts, opinion and total insanity! Your gullible and grossly misinformed there Vern!
@USER ଜନ୍ମ ଦିନରେ ବହୁତ ବହୁତ ଶୁଭେଚ୍ଛା ଆଉ ଶୁଭ କାମନା ?????? @USER ଅଶେଷ ଅଶେଷ ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ ?
@USER Nice one, a difficult year. @USER Thanks so much David.
I know it seems like a naff thing to report, but reporting this to the police and sending them the footage could help if she’s a repeat offender at loads of properties and ever gets nicked. Although I don't think it's acceptable to take someone else's milk which they're paid for, I don't know if this would technically be considered a crime. It's left outside their property and not secured in any way. I say this because I know someone who just had their bike "nicked", but they left it unlocked outside a premises and expected it would still be there. I work with drug addicts and they will literally take anything they can get their hands on. It's sad but seeing someone take milk that's left outside doesn't surprise me in the slightest.
@USER Oh dear. @USER It’s ok, wine has fixed everything.
Whip out my dick and eat. What of it? Then claim to be a human right activist. Problem solved.
May be a ploy to ban all social media in India. Never trust tadipar gang,. No, they won’t have a channel to spew their propaganda.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! Welcome!
So, i woke up just before 6am in this house my friend is renting.... We arrived last night after dark with a car absolutely stuffed to the roof with every wordly possession &amp; 12bt of wine #WinemakerThugLife. Unsurprisingly, we were both exhausted (having driven over from Meopham during bloody rush hour on the M26/M25/M4/M3 (so yes, the absolute pinnacle of driving good sense and calm behaviour).
@USER Gotta get those clicks. @USER Think they just don't have time to digest the slew of online content.
Election Predictions: Republicans will win the House! Stacey Abrams will lose in Georgia!   Any takers? @USER I say the Dems will hold the line….
मोदी जी के बाद प्रधानमन्त्री पद के लिए आपकी अगली पसंद क्या होगी बताएं 

1. योगी आदित्यनाथ       2.❓❓❓❓. @USER श्री नितिन गडकरी जी.
@USER Christ no, 35 is still babes in arms stage! @USER ?
English breakfast tea ? It's just normal tea.
I pray the day will come when  'The Daily  Racist Express ' will get their karma too. @USER I shout A big AMEN.
@USER This is such a bad idea. I can't think of a worse thing to go right there. @USER It will either have to have a tight parking garage as its base or…?? But yea it’s also gonna stick out like a sore thumb. But I guess the realty bros see a future where NG is just a bunch of high rise apartments. ?
@USER I got these honey wax crayons on Amazon.  Let me check it and dm you. @USER Thanks man.. Got it.. I appreciate it.
@USER Have a great day Lana ?? @USER Thank you Pat, you too ? ?
@USER Rumours are the Unite Birmingham hotel is fully booked with Tory’s for conference week.
Even Lens suite. @USER  @USER With all the favours he’s done for them over the years, it’s only right that they reciprocate.
Just starting to get the feeling Junior doesn't rate Johnson Charles #AUSvWI. @USER Not sure if you heard but he ran out of gas.
The thought of being anxious. Vicious cycle. Same.
@USER Sorry to hear that. We certainly understand your concern. Request you to share the order details so that we'll have this checked and assist you accordingly. (1/2). @USER This is nothing about sorry guys.
If it's a chesty, phlegmmy cough, I'd recommend exputex. That shit is magic. Clears you right up!
The audacity that they still received the award for best TV presenters without doing anything together in the previous year. Oh, that really pissed me off when all they did was BGT, Celeb, and that was it? Where like Graham Norton and Bradley Walsh do a lot and IMHO deserve it more, but either way, I can kinda stand Dec, but I can't stand fucking Twant.
Have you gotten the Bivalent covid vaccine? 

If so, how easy was it for you to schedule and get to the vaccine appointment? @USER I work for Cleveland Clinic Florida and have my Bivalent COVID vaccine scheduled for 2 weeks from now. Just got my flu shot today and want to wait a few weeks. Last time I got them both together (booster + flu) and had elbow bursitis for 3 months in that arm!
When I’m the little spoon ? Elaborate.
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Yes - there are some Muslim majority states like that. 
Albania, Bosnia are probably more secular than India. And to some extent Tunisia, Senegal and few CIS countries (like Azerbaijan).
Bullshit, that definitely didn’t happen. It’s a joke you dim witted spastic.
@USER Hi Phil, sorry to hear that, unfortunately, this is due to the overhead wires being damaged. - Pete. @USER No worries. It's not your fault at all, and clear announcements, just frustrating.
If that's the price that's the price. If they make a mistake it's their fault, not yours. 
As far as I know if they ship it without recognising the mistake they can't charge you extra.
Happens regularly in stores where a mistake is honoured even if both parties know it's a mistake. There's no legal principal behind this whatsoever. Larger companies will usually write off most of these mistakes to prevent bad PR but legally, if they have made a genuine mistake then your contract isn't valid.
@USER ‘Twas a moonless night, dark as pitch, when out the mist, came a beast more stomach than man. @USER  @USER “Captain McAlister, is it true that you’re not a captain at all?”.
The U.S. condemns Russia's missile strikes today across Ukraine which injured and killed civilians and demonstrated once again the brutality of Putin’s illegal war.

These attacks only reinforce our commitment to stand with the people of Ukraine for as long as it takes. @USER How about starting peace talks? Ukraine isn't worth risking a nuclear war over. Have our Ambassador in Moscow speak to his counterpart and start talking. Peace starts with one word.
I going to take a guess and stay this was on strandhill beach, amazing surf beach but fuck me the pull in that water. Could have been around mullaghmore either, think that's a favourite for them when it's stormy.
I don’t understand how this helps anyone. Am I missing something? It's just supposed to be funny.
It's not illegal in the end though is it? Lnp voters won't know or simply won't care. They only care about protecting their negative gearing. Every lnp voter i know tells me that's why they vote for them. 
Nothing, not even their children's future outside of this property bubble matter. Lnp could shoot poor ppl in televised safaris and i bet if the opposition promised a 50% cut in property they would stay with lnp. this is how this country is now... and it's fucking SAD.
Fire on SR 512 EB at MP 5 near Vickery Ave E beginning at 12:18 am on Sept. 21, 2022 until further notice. The left lane is blocked. Cleared: Fire on SR 512 EB at MP 5 near Vickery Ave E.
“For I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God that brings salvation to everyone who believes: first to the Jew, then to the Gentile.”
Romans 1:16. @USER  @USER Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl. Instead they put it on its stand, and it gives light to everyone in the house. In the same way, let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.

Matthew 5:15-16.
Imagine being a kid and this happens. You’re delighted tbh. Til they find out there's a set amount of school dates in the year and they're gonna lose two weeks of holidays somewhere else.
A 3 way with Ronnie pickering. Who?
@USER As a local, I LOVE the strip. It's more fun Manhattan just a few minutes away whenever you want it. Then also having suburbian just minutes away with great malls around. It just does not get any better for me!

#goknightsgo. @USER Most people that tell me they are local and love the strip, don’t work on the strip. I’ve lived here my entire life, and I’d rather not hang out where I spend most of my time.
@USER Happy Birthday!! @USER Appreciate it!!!
I'm out with my family right now for dinner, it was a good day, maybe one of my best bday, thank you to each and everyone of you who wished me, it means a lot to me, I love you all ❤️. ichate to be that guy but kal firse sab kuchh vaisa hi dull and boring life will come back and haunt you.
@USER Some of my favourites  @USER   @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER to name a few ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER thanks so much ?
They're like that Pewdiepie fella for me. Nothing against them, don't dislike them, but they're not at all funny and I cannot comprehend how they are popular as they are. I don't find him funny either. I watched a video of his to try and understand the appeal and I almost fell asleep.
@USER No way that is real. @USER It is and there is heaps more like it.
@USER Campaign intern needs to watch Schoolhouse Rock &amp; learn who signs bills into law. @USER  @USER You need to do research on the Missouri law. It was passed by a GOP super majority and signed by a GOP  governor even though it could not be implemented at the time.  Unconstitutional. 
It had provisions if the SC ever overturned Roe it could be implemented.
What I think is that we need to know what the real goals of every faction are right now.
But one thing I can tell you. Pakistan is screwed if the US leaves. >Pakistan is screwed if the US leaves.
How?
@USER So terribly sad. @USER There are only ~30,000 Mincéirí in Ireland so every family is struggling with suicide. It’s a desperate situation &amp; we really need to have the British &amp; Irish governments address why kids are choosing not to live because of how settled people are treating Travellers.
Soap and hot water is all you need. Hand sanitizer is only useful if  you are out and about. yes thats what I want it for. I used to carry around a small bottle of some pink stuff that we used to clean hands out and about. At home, I just use soap.
Bloody Dutton’s comments at the end just fill me with shame and despair - what a complete c*nt. I'm just glad we dodged the bullet of that mini 'tator becoming PM.
@USER Where can I find them. @USER  @USER My page.
Liberal side don't like to talk about this (I'm a liberal too) but it is a fact that Indian muslims have changed a LOT in the last 25 years. Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
I lived in Lucknow when I was young. That was a very liberal muslim city. You'd never even see a burqa in Hazratganj. Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
Among my muslim friends from back then, there is a shift within their families as well. My friends (all 30 year olds) are mostly irreligious. But their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar". Lol same in my state AP too. I've never seen burqa until 3 years ago. Given how hot $ humid it's in AP during summers, I can certainly say women aren't wearing burqa out of choice.
Didn’t know we had mountains named after rashers! They built the mountains in honour of the rashers, I believe.
They ran €10 billion over budget and were supposed to be like the Alps though.
Not sure how Leeds will take it; the artist, Rob (low level claim to fame: he's a mate of mine) has a lot of really cool stuff all over Sheffield that is of a roughly similar style, especially 3D stuff like that. It's generally liked in Sheff, but whether Leeds folk will take to it the same way...well having lived in both places I'm not too sure. I mean they have Broadcasting Tower, which was built when I lived there and I was flabberghasted cos to me it's a fucking disgusting monstrosity. Yet it won awards apparently. 
Basically art is very subjective, and people can be real dicks about it. Including me, though I try not to be these days. Ohh that makes sense. I can definitely see this kind of thing working better for Sheffield than it would for Leeds.
That said, I'm sure the new Leeds Playhouse building looked really odd when it was first designed, but it didn't take me too long to start liking it.
(Leeds person having visited Sheffield many many times here.).
Yet strangely the seas are not rising in Sydney Harbour. The first study I found suggests otherwise, giving a figure of 0.73mm/year.
Whip out my dick and eat. What of it? Then claim to be a human right activist. Problem solved.
Will travel to Australia via Singapore for about a week in mid April. Anything to worry about? Would suggest avoiding Singapore as of now. Not too sure how it would be in April though.
Have you ever been accused of telling lies when you have been nothing but truthful to someone? I have and it’s absolutely soul destroying! ?? i need Jeremy Kyle to give me a lie detector #leavemealone. @USER Yes…and yes.
North Preston Porn Dungeons', everyone would want to work there. R. Lee Ermey presents Sex Toys of the Luftwaffe.
@USER Tu taff combien d'heure la semaine mon boug? @USER 44, possibilité de travailler le samedi matin ce qui peut être 49h au plus mais faut que je fasse la demande.
China invented Coronavirus as a way to reduce population around the world. If you look at the how the police and government were shutting people down about spreading information, then conveniently making announcements and quarantines after everyone had travelled around a lot because of lunar new year. It also seems suspicious how some of the first places that got affected were Tibet and Hong Kong, places that mainland China would benefit from killing everyone off. Nah the rich are getting it too defo not population control.
Bitch please, everyone knows it's Bernie Sanders that is triggering riots. Naaah, its Nehru.
@USER ???
The video speak for itself mate. @USER Very true pal ????
@USER  @USER Thank you so much! @USER  @USER Fabulous work Mike - well done :).
@USER The splendour walk of shame .. not sure what old man Balenciaga would have thought of this but they’ve embraced street wear big time, so big my youngest son knows the name ? @USER ??
Open a roth 401k. If you scale your earnings throughout your lifetime even starting now at as little as 10 or less a week you will have a boatload of cash when your 40 50 or 60. Also work hard now, Find something that pays a living wage that you want to learn everything you can about and you will also find a mentor, or they will find you. 
I waited 2 years to go to college and its a blessing and a curse. A mentor in a field of something that you are interested in is a godsend, mirror their path while doing your own dd to decide what the best course of action is.
May be a ploy to ban all social media in India. Never trust tadipar gang,. No, they won’t have a channel to spew their propaganda.
I got my electricity bill yesterday and it's my first full bill since I installed PV solar panels. Gone from 19kw usage to 8.5kw. And it saves 2.5 litres of heating oil a day too, approx €3.75/day. About €450 saving in the 63days (2 month bill). @USER Waiting for lads to call to look at installing for the farm. There flat out at the minute. Pay back will be quicker with the way increases keep coming!
A 3 way with Ronnie pickering. Who?
@USER Flannery and the climate cult have 'selective memory and research syndrome'. @USER  @USER They making money sone pay him hope is no us.
Guy not only fractured his femur during baseball, but dislocated part of the bone. That's two years ago, and according to social media he is still rehabilitating. That isn’t good.
I would've but I don't trust someone with that username. I understand you and i am trying to be honest with that user name ?
@USER  @USER @EK3N3. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER This is the reason why most of these guys don't give access to fans. Why record him?
If you're in a city with time to kill, what's the first thing you do? @USER Find a bar.
Just starting to get the feeling Junior doesn't rate Johnson Charles #AUSvWI. @USER Not sure if you heard but he ran out of gas.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ??
Has nothing to do with Delhi Police. DP is under the Central Govt and they do their bidding. 
Kolkata Police is under TMC and they do their bidding. There will be no arrests if and when a TMC leader speak rubbish and they have in the past. 
They're all the same. The lesson for Police is that they should serve the public. We have a genius here. Maybe they should make you PM. Dumb idealist centrists are the worst.
The leaders of the Church of England should be wary about clumsily intervening into complex political issues at the best of times. To do so on Easter Sunday feels very wrong. Archbishop of York views particularly wrong headed. Claims he’s in tune with majority of the public ? @USER Interesting. Your kind will be looking to silence  @USER in the same way the Nazis placed Martin Niemöller in a concentration camp. #RwandaNotInMyName #RwandaDeportation. You are so utterly on the wrong side of history.
I mean their sausage rolls have actually beat other prize winning rolls in a taste test. I can't believe they've beaten sausage rolls made of actual meat.
Here you go mate, hope you're good at chemistry: 
 URL. You'd have to be high to want to do this, I mean really.
Jump street 21. Wth? Which part?
Damn. This guy went to work in Bengaluru for 2 days with fever before leaving to Hyderabad. Smh. Super irresponsible of him and the company if they knew. For sure there will be a few cases more from Blore and Hyd.
The irish seal rescue guy is on the ballot. Indeed, for some^cough reason I'll be voting for this lad.?
@USER Hi I wanted to ask if we can still email for the DLC? @USER Yes you can. ;).
I've always wanted to buy vinyls of old music (50s through to 70s) - does anyone here think it's worth buying them? It's worth depends on what your getting out of it, if your trying to make money out of it you best try and find rare ones and hope that the 'fad' doesn't die away, but if your doing it (like me) because you enjoy trying to hunt down the album your looking for, having the physical copy of the album that gives the illusion of more value for money, then i'd say its worth it, it just depends (like everything really) on what your wanting to get out of it.
Someone go to fright fest with me next weekend! It’s Halloween season and I’m trying to do spooky shit bro! @USER Let’s go !
3 of my ex colleagues from my previous company quit yesterday, 2 I was on very good terms with, including a guy that was among the top performers who couldn't handle the politics any more.
Meanwhile David de Gea (and Jordan Pickford) are collecting their paychecks.
Another mate (my bestie at work and said top performer's roomie) just spilled the beans today on why HR encouraged me to quit during probation period itself so he could save 185000 for the company.
Sucks. Liverpool lost and I forgot my homie's bday
Sucks.
@USER If you ever wondered how the republican movement was brought to it's knees. Just read these replies. I'm actually embarrassed for them. @USER  @USER Are you trying to divert the debate or kid yourself?
In Oz we call crisps, chips and chips, hot chips. Hard habit to break. Really...? I lurk on r/Australia and chips are chips and crisps are crisps. Perhaps it's  a regional thing...?
Not every murder becomes big news. When it's a man killing a woman it does..
Election Predictions: Republicans will win the House! Stacey Abrams will lose in Georgia!   Any takers? @USER I say the Dems will hold the line….
read this.
 URL 
&#x200B;
Edit: At least this article wasn't published in a men's fashion/grooming website. Now tell us how credible you think the journal ancient whatever they quote a paper from is. I suggest you look it up, before sharing your opinion, since people can find papers from that journal and discuss.
Trust me, taking 60 teenagers away, is no fucking holiday. Not many of the teachers volunteer for these trips abroad. The same teachers in my school "volunteered" each year for the ski trip, it was definitely a free holiday.
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER We can but hope.
@USER I’ve done political philosophy classes. You have got to be being very errr charitable here. @USER In what way?
@USER Happy born day. @USER My dawg!!! Preciate it bro.
Is delhi safe for travel now ? Which areas should I avoid while visiting Delhi. I have to meet my relatives in South Delhi. I will be entering Delhi from Karnal side. Most localities east of the Yamuna were heavily affected. You’ll be entering from the north. I think it should be fine. South Delhi is pretty huge. Where exactly? It’s mostly fine right now just big protest spots are on high alert.
There's not enough details in this post, but let's assume 4 day week to make up 30 hours, that's 8 trips. And maybe one return trip at weekends every second week (I'm being conservative). Average of 9 trips a week then. Let's say 2.60 each, that's 23.40 a week, below the cap. That works out 1,216.8 a year.
Current tax liability is 18,000 multiplied by 0.2=3,600. Let's assume credits of 3,300, so annual tax liability of 300. With this relief taxable income would be 16,550, liability = 16,550 multiplied by 0.2=3,310, minus tax credits of 3,300 means final annual tax liability of 10 euro. Savings of 290 euro.
Also save on prsi but 18,000/52=346 a week, which is less than 352 so no prsi liability, therefore nothing to save on.
Finally, USC, the 1,450 would not be subject to USC, so that's 2% of 1,450, = 29 euro.
Total savings of 319 euro, meaning the ticket will really have a net cost of 1,131.
That's a saving of 85.8 a year compared to the cost I calculated in my example. Then take into account nitelinks, which are included in the tax saver ticket. And the convenience of it.
Even if only on the 2.15 bus fare it would still be worth it in my opinion. OP you can do out the numbers yourself based on your fare and frequency of getting the bus and see for yourself. Thank you for the detail, much appreciated! ?
@USER Damn, lame 2* ? @USER Nothing lame about it, I'll take as many raids as you can  send to get a hundo though ?
Yea-no. I have no sympathy. You could have sold locally and avoided this (tbh no one knew it was going to happen), but like EVERY investment; it's never 100% secure. Wow. Someone has a case of tall poppy syndrome. 
If you had an ounce of economic knowledge then you would have sympathy for this AUSTRALIAN business....
Using GEICO. What's that?
मोदी जी के बाद प्रधानमन्त्री पद के लिए आपकी अगली पसंद क्या होगी बताएं 

1. योगी आदित्यनाथ       2.❓❓❓❓. @USER श्री नितिन गडकरी जी.
@USER  @USER Love it! SO clever and effective ??? @USER  @USER Thanks so much Kali ?
I don’t understand how this helps anyone. Am I missing something? It's just supposed to be funny.
I would like to see a picture of the cart before I decide my suitable level of outrage. If you believe the Daily Mail...  URL.
Thankful for a few days w the family, now let’s get back to racing! Headed to  @USER this AM. CHS - ATL - LVS ✈️. @USER  @USER Safe travels! I'll see you again soon at Homestead! ?
વડોદરાના સલાટવાડા વિસ્તારમાં રખડતા ઢોરે ગર્ભવતી મહિલાને અડફેટે લેતા ગર્ભમાં રહેલા બાળકનું મૃત્યુ, મનપાએ ઢોર માલિક સમજતા નથી એમ કહીને હાથ ઉંચા કર્યા

#Vadodara. @USER Chotila hiway par pan che jo daya aave to tya pan koye javu.
I have been living in Ireland for 14 years and the one that left me scratching my head first time I heard it was 'road frontage'. Anyone outside of culchie-land feels the same.
It’s the day nineteen days before Spring starts? Hence the picture - Spring is around the corner.
@USER A wet race is the ultimate.
That’s when you find out who can really drive. @USER I think a few drivers were regretting not starting the race in their tinnies.
If you could “Delete” anything from your past, what would it be? @USER Meeting a person ?
Tinder - People are mostly looking for casual relationships and are very out there about wanting to hookup. Because of how famous it is, it attracts all sorts of crowd. Personally I thought it had a creepy vibe.... more scope of getting pervy messages. I would be a little careful here.
Hinge - Hinge is the most favored one, the crowd is fairly decent. The platform itself encourages open discussions and keeps the conversation fun and engaging. Men on hinge are better at conversations and it has less creepy vibe. Though they are good I didn't find many guys who were looking for "marriage" they were open to dating, meeting and taking it from there. Hinge felt like a safe space to talk to cute guys and work on your dating skills, and you do end up meeting cool people.
Matrimony sites - Shaadi.com involves creating an extensive profile with lots of details. It allows you to restrict your search related to caste, religion, veg - non veg, smoking drinking etc. The agenda is very clear so everyone on that site knows they are looking for a life partner... conversations are more honest and open... Though there will be lots of people who will reach out to you , dont be surprised if some guy's mom or brother reach out. Have clear boundaries about how much you want to engage, and set the expectations from the get go. There are some good guys there, but you gotta keep looking!
Overall - Have an open attitude, meet people , talk to them and be safe! There's a ton of useful info in your post! Thank you so much!
What was the first movie you saw at the cinema? @USER Jungle Book.
I have concerns about the Tory Party, MPs &amp; Ministers that have taken millions of £££'s and Roubles, in what now turns out to be 'Dirty Russian Blood Money' and a Prime Minister that went without security to a Russian Oligarchs (Ex KGB) home just after a NATO meeting! Do you? @USER Absofuckinglutely.
Great. Grab a corona before the virus closes the pubs and stores. Which one? The one from Mexico or China?
@USER Definitely worth trying at that price. @USER That's what I'm hoping for!
My theories ..
.Modiji is Celebrating April 1st in March 
Yoga baba is coming out with a new app ../ or he's going to make tik Tok videos 
Last..humara bada khatnewala Hein .. My theory - All of the above.
That’s America now. It starts of with a bit of prejudice (like trans in the army) and mutates into policy signed off by the great one. It’s disturbing watching people have their rights stripped from them. Maybe this ban is just another of those prejudices to policy, be careful. Wonder who downvoted your comment.. seems like a reasonable concern.
@USER Saves you what, £2,50?? @USER Was about £1.61 all in the jokers.
@USER Superstar ? @USER I have learned from the best and I had the support of an excellent team.
I know it’s dumb but I’m truly convinced Jar Jar Binks was supposed to be the villain of the Star Wars prequels but George Lucas changed it at the last minute. He actually did because people hated jar jar.
While I am skeptical with comparing India with Pakistan and Bangladesh, we are definitely heading the way of Hindu Pakistan. There is active incitement of violence by BJP and I believe that is to provoke a reaction that can be used by them to trigger a religious war. We are now caught in the vicious cycle of usage of religious hate to ignore problems of importance (economy, jobs, farmer distress etc) which further shifts the focus away from these problems. I am sure after this Delhi thing calms down, BJP will trigger havoc through something else. >sceptical with comparing India with Pakistan. 
>india is headed the way of Hindu Pakistan. 
ఠ_ಠ.
Is TikTok destroying civilization? Some people think so. @USER It is more dangerous than people think!
Just want to say hi and a sincere thank you to all the nice folks out there that gave OZARK a spot in their lives over these past few years. Thanks for liking what we loved making for y'all! @USER I was lucky enough to not watch OZARK until this year so I got it pretty much all at once. It took me two months. Two wonderful months. I loved every character and their “badness”.
Because she invested her own money to have the place cleaned up and painted. Now the landlord can command more rent from a new tenant. It would be good if there were longer term leases, or the right to extend the lease (perhaps up to 10 years or similar).
I believe that the U.S government has men in black that make people "disappear" if they know more than what's good for them. r/missing411.
Who do you think should sing the next #JamesBond  @USER title song? @USER  @USER @thearmed.
Gotta say when #ETHGate dropped I was about at the same place  @USER is. He makes many valid points in thread.

However, William Hinman certainly accepted bribes. It’s CLEAR. 

My 3 biggest holdings are $XRP, $ADA, &amp; $ETH and I refuse to take sides. They all win. @USER  @USER Calling out government corruption and manipulation does not mean you have to take sides with a particular digital asset Ben..?
I have a company credit card for entertaining customers which I have, on occasion, used to purchase an extravagant selection of biscuits for the office. How extravagant?
Amazing initiative by someone in Perth. I think it’s a fabulous idea and am jealous I’m stuck in Qld and can’t be there! I know. I’ve been talking all day about imagine if you were the one that floated the idea of “Let’s close down 10km of major highway and celebrate a guy that died 40 years ago”. Big kudos to that visionary!
@USER awesome!!!!!! @USER Thank youuuuu!
They are not heroes, they are Shiroes..(Sikh heroes). Unneccesary title. 
Heroes is good enough.
Sure everyone will be jammed into every pub in the country anyway. That's grand since that's an adults choice. The parade is more for the young ones who are vulnerable to the disease and I could understand why some would rather it not go ahead since people like anti-vaxxers exist.
@USER If am correct you haven’t reply his/her message that’s the reason why he/she told you that you are arrogant. @USER I thought the same thing.
This is the Coalition's policy from the beginning, they obfuscate, blame others and then months after people care they finally admit the truth. This is for everything they do, all conservatives do it constantly.
Every problem caused by them is because of Labor, every bushfire is the Greens fault, every sports rort is a "misunderstanding of the law and in no way corruption", every coal-fired power plant an example of "clean coal", you halve a job and get two jobs for half the price, you get challenged by the media you don't like? They are lying we are telling the truth and their funding has been suspended. Every PM flung through a turntable? The Coalition is strong and some outdated anecdote about the Rudd vs Gilliard Years.
We have a happy clapper running the country, a corrupt and abusive police officer with a major authoritarian chip on his shoulder in charge of our borders. A sycophantic banker in charge of the economy who couldn't give a toss about poor people, a ratty jobs minister who hid behind a whiteboard when asked the tough questions. Yet people still vote for them, people who never have benefited under a Liberal government. People who have been stuck on less and less wages, poorer welfare, limited access to childcare and healthcare and everything they value in their lives but who do they choose to direct their blame towards? The government that has ruined our country for close to a decade or Labor and the Greens?
All these men and women do is get into positions of power and lie constantly, get cushy jobs, have expensive holidays and then they turn around to the struggling people below them and rip up all their support networks and benefits while buying up more and more and more and more and never stopping. Yet people still take them at their word because of the carrot dangling in front of them, vote for us less tax! Vote for us more money! Vote for us more energy! And then they achieve none of it and everyone just accepts they were lied to 4 years ago and everything is different at the next election because it's a different shitty face and name to check off. 
He should just resign, in fact they all should, if any of them had decency they would have tendered their resignations years ago but they won't because they want money and power and to be the elite special class while costing Australians billions and holding the economy hostage. We have given them so much power and sway over us that it honestly doesn't seem to matter to a lot of people in this country that corruption has been accepted as normal and cool. 
For every good politician working in Parliament to give their constituents a better life there are five other monsters working against them and they are winning constantly. These people shouldn't be leading the country, they should be in jail like any other person on the street would be for such crimes. Well said.
Queen or Prince? @USER I am a huge fan of queen but I got to go with prince was a once in a generation talent.
Political parties should never be tied so closely with religion. BJP should never have been a hindu party . All this bullshit would have never happened. Fuck religion for causing so much hate in this world. > BJP should never have been a hindu party .
That is all they have. Without religion angle, BJP is nothing.
Checked my bank account and I think my wife and I are in dire straights.
I really hope she knows some of the chords. @USER An old guitar is all he can afford….
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER sometimes, but i dont care, no one can judge others by tweets.
"The court has heard that at the time Ms Higgins claims she was in the toilet at work having a panic attack for three hours, she was actually at a valedictory lunch for Steven Ciobo with her ex-boyfriend Ben Dillaway." 
WOW! @USER  @USER Just a liar ??
imagine being so fragile that the thumbs up emoji fucks you up

at least i have real problems. @USER  @USER I'm listening.
They aren't bright enough to get into IIts/IIMs !
So they go abroad where anyone with money can buy a seat. Maybe they aren't bright enought to get into IITs and IIMs, but surely they will get much better education there.
@USER Do you deny there were followers of Jesus in the 1st century? @USER No I don't deny that Jesus had followers! They were all Jews, As I said, Christianity did not exist nor the Gospels, Good night.
I pass this nearly every day.
Have you seen the one with Greta and Jeremy Clarkson? Omg yes, and the one of the Prince (Philip, Charles?).
.....who the fk orders drugs....... I mean I get Dexamphetamine delivered to my house by chemist warehouse but that's only because I forget to go in and they have my scripts anyway.
@USER Good morning bro. @USER Have a good one.
U have problem with ur life

Look at him
ତିନି ବେଳା ରୋଷେଇ କରି, 
ମଉସା ମାଉସୀ ଙ୍କ ସବୁ କଥା ବୁଝି 
ଗୋଟେ ମାସିକ ପତ୍ରିକାର ସମ୍ପାଦକ ହେଇ
 ସୋସିଆ ମିଡିଆ ରେ ଯଥେଷ୍ଟ ସମୟ ଦେଇ ବି ଆଜି ସେ OAS ପାଇଛନ୍ତି।
ତାଙ୍କ ସଫଳତା ଯେମିତି ଲାଗୁଚି ଆମ ପରିବାର କାହାର ସଫଳତା।
ପ୍ରେରଣାର ଉତ୍ସ ସେ
❤️ ତାପସ ଭାଇ. @USER ❤️ ଭଲ ଲୋକ ସଫଳତା ପାଇଲେ ଭଗବାନଙ୍କ ଉପରେ ଭରସା ଆସେ ଓ ବଞ୍ଚିବାକୁ ଇଚ୍ଛା ହୁଏ.
@USER Least he’s got the minerals too face the fans while them rats are smoking cigars somewhere. @USER He didn't meet them out of decency, he met them as he was scared of a protest outside his house. Fans in America should be protesting outside the Glazers houses too. 
#GlazersOut.
Bit worried about it actually. Work in health care and I have asthma.   If I do get it. I am going to be as sick as anything. Fingers crossed you don't! I work in retail and surrounded by people who decide that shopping is the best idea when suffering with colds and sickness bugs. A bit like the health care sector cos I worked there too!
Bugger I missed that Glover save let me just rewi….oh never mind #MCYvWUN. @USER They did show a replay to be fair ?
Light switch. Jacksfilms fan, or...?
मेरे देश के युवा रात 12 बजे तक बार मे नशा करने वाले नहीं थे, मेरे देश के ऐसे संस्कार नही थे कि अर्धनग्न होकर बच्चियां इंस्टाग्राम पर नाच करें

ये सब बॉलीवुड ने सिखाया है,, 
इसलिए इसका बहिस्कार करता हूँ??yes/no. @USER  @USER yes
सर.
Not a single option for just chicken, butter and bread. Spar are heretics and deserve to be blasted into the sun or Wuhan, whichever is worse. The god tier of CFR's.
Sometimes I really really absolutely hate being a grown up. @USER 100% this. Hope your day improves.
For the privileged, acknowledging that things are hard and speaking up about it is easy. This can be an example of how they cultivate hope.

However, the same cannot be said of those at the margins of society who may simply pacify their adversity and oppression.

(read on) 2/4. For those at the margins of society, cultivating hope can be done through pathways (e.g., religion, family) that sustain hope. They cannot speak up like the other group because they don’t have a voice. Even when they do it may not matter! 

(One more tweet) 3/4.
Gay bar? I mean worked for my friend, or you can have a friend talk to another friend. Meet over social media, perhaps. The nearest gay bar is like an hour and a half away. Haha. I’m trying the social media thing. My marriage just ended and I didn’t come out as bisexual until we were already committed and now I’m just trying to see what’s out there I guess.
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Its social media afterall. Everything is a gimmick.
@USER Veganizing haggis*. @USER Thank you for recorrecting autocorrect.
‘It’s hard to believe I’m walking through the first ever city. Because I’m not. That’s in Iraq, which is miles away. And fucking dangerous.’. @USER I watched this last night. It was so funny.
@USER Hello, if anyone reading this would be willing to talk to us, we're working on another story about renting for next week and keen to feature your experience: eredman@theage.com.au. @USER  @USER I looked up the Greens policy on their website the other day and it’s significantly better that the one liner about rent freezes they keep spouting. I don’t get why they are going with that line when they have a good policy. @AdamBandt’s thing about reaching for the stars &amp; all.
Honestly, all celebrities. There are some who are truly educated about a topic and do a good job of spreading awareness. 
But those ones are vastly outnumbered by celebrities espousing politics and life tips as though they live in the same world as us— when the simple fact is: they don’t. I love Chrissy Tiegen, and she did an awesome Twitter Q&A about parts of her (and John Legend’s) life. It was super interesting, but really drives home how different celebrities live than regular people. 
Basically, do your own research. If someone says something you find interesting, look into it on your own and see what you can find. I agree. A lot of them are dumber than bricks. Others are 100% fake. You do have a few good ones, though, but they are far and few between.
Thankyou so much all ?? @USER Hppy Birthday Jiju.
Face masks don't help you from catching it said on tv tonight. It only stops from spreading if you have it so no need to wear one. But they're doing it in China so it must work. 
They also slung cats and dogs out of the top floor of apartment buildings, so we should probably start doing that too.
With the union firmly secured because the Queen died, what now for the SNP and Sturgeon's Yes movement? We'll ask some unionists. @USER Union firmly secured " ? ?
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaww !
Their capacity for self-delusion is limitless !
...so I don't have the security of large life savings. On top of this, I have depression and ASD which add to the challenges. I went to @UTAS_'s mental health support program for HDR students, but it was mostly teaching us about mindfulness - which I appreciate, but... 2/3. ...I'm already practising due to the mental illnesses. I think what would really help is, while we do impactful research, an expected full time load, we should be financially supported adequately in line with the increase cost of living so we don't spread ourselves too thin. 3/3.
Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort Theme. A man of culture.
@USER Stunning ?
Gm gm 
Have a pleasant amazing day. @USER Gm gm. Good day?
@USER  @USER Ring joe on Monday, thats insane. @USER  @USER No thanks not for me, am just one of hundreds that went through that system this weekend.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I continue coaching to try and give the players I work with the most enjoyable experience, I possibly can. Help them grow into decent human beings, and for a minority, professional athletes.
@USER Karlie, VB?! And I let my child talk to you! @USER ??? I am good guy, I swear!
Getting your DNA sequenced in the USA by a random by mail corporation just to find out if you’re “exotic” in any way is stupid. Fellow people, stop it! The government can get a hold of it and best case, record your DNA for no reason. Worst case...use it for future eugenics endeavors? Figure out if you’re “too sick” to have health insurance?
Edit: took out “white people” because Reddit was too fragile for my 4% Cherokee joke. I just don’t trust it. They know where we are and what we search, who we talk to at all times.  I’d rather them not having access to my biological matter too!
Tipu Sultan was not just a brave fighter who fought British but he was a Muslim too ? @USER Who gave secret of Tippu's movement to British force in Srirangpatana during 4th Mysore war???
@USER I think you must be mistaken. NI are lagging behind terribly. Suella Braverman said so, and she's the nation's top lawyer and a cabinet minister, so she must be right, mustn't she? @USER  @USER No. Keep this in mind: whatever the tories say, the opposite is the truth!
@USER So you DO wear bedclothes?    As for the fox walking through - no thanks, the cat is bad enough! @USER Lol. Bedclothes in the uk are a safety feature. We’d freeze to death without them! ?
These labels are good but what they really need to do is specify the country of origin for the major ingredient. if I couldnt get it produced here, I'd settle for grown/produced in NZ, packed here.
Unknown origin, no thanks, I'll just do without. Didn't buy bacon this week for this exact reason. Most bacon comes from Denmark, or so I was told.
Some process takes place here, which explains the 21% (or similar) Australian content. 
There are a couple of brands that are really Australian (or 98%), the packet I bought yesterday from Woolies  was  Bertocchi.
My local butcher also makes bacon and ham.
These bitches call me Jeffery the way I be dominant ? @USER Wilding !
मुझको बारिश पसंद है...?️

और तुमको..? ? @USER Mujhe tum.
URL 
Just need to time it properly! Just be careful not to wank the whole business away.
@USER  @USER Thank you. I'll block him. Have a good day. T x. @USER  @USER My pleasure Trudi, hope your day is kind to you xx.
Is it true there's more panic buying in Chinese neighbourhoods? Yes. 
Chinese restaurant are going broke. No one visiting them.
Get out or get weird. Might use that.
What you mean? All the shits and worms from my Ganga snan is not enough to protect me?!  O_o. Some parts of ganga are more raw sewage than river water, nothing is gonna get purified.
@USER Really worrying seeing how long people have been waiting for their luggage. I'm quite concerned about mine now. It was taken by mistake by another passenger with an identical case but if they're trying to contact you to get it back to me it will be impossible. @USER Absolutely no one seems to work in customer service. Agents on here tell me to call the baggage number but no one is ever available.
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Started as a block of Duke of Edinburgh  stuff. Volunteering I think.

Now there's a whole range of reasons. I think most of all I find it intellectually stimulating and challenging, interspersed with some great moments, memories and bonds.
@USER  @USER Beautiful photo. @USER  @USER So good!
All of them. You beat me by 4 min, I like you dark friend.
Officials are relying on Whatsapp and other private messaging apps for daily information exchange.   Even the sensitive ones.
Given the nature of these apps , sending highly sensitive information is very risky, 
So govt want to design a similar platform for its officials aiming at  security and keeping the data with in india. 
WhatsApp and other messengers store data in their own deta centers which are not often situated in india. 
Givin the techical literacy of many official,  third party apps are  too risky to transfer sensitive information. Well, that argument doesn’t make sense.
Just what is going to stop someone from hacking this service?
Or if it’s a private firm, just hack the private firm?
In contrast WhatsApp and signal are used by billions everyday, are regularly tested for bugs and breaches by a huge number of cyber security experts.
How precisely will this solution actually be safer, or as feature rich as any other product on the market?
And why the heck are we blowing money on this when we have a whole economy up in flames?
Of the top spenders:
Latvia - To deter Russia
Estonia - To deter Russia
Greece - To deter Turkey
Cyprus - The other half of their island is occupied by Turkey
France - Involved in multiple engagements around the world. Takes a lead in European defense. Maintains an expensive modern nuclear deterrent.   
There is an argument for contributing more to defense in the region as a whole that said.
What does Ireland need to deter? Russia is the obvious party who would target Ireland. 
We're a massive host of American tech companies. Targeting Dublin with online attacks, etc, would cause huge economic damage to the west.
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER We can only hope! Perhaps we’ve declared war on Russia or put a man on Mars overnight.
@USER Ohh shit petey you're here too !?!?! @USER Yerp! Near the escalator.
With the amount of money that has been donated, it's impossible that a cure for cancer hasn't been found yet. Personally, I think the cure must be hidden somewhere and only the wealthiest people can access to it. Its not like money could be mismanaged, or that cancer is simply incurable and the money is put to treatment research.
@USER Wonder what he meant by "Hindu movements"? @USER  @USER In his world view, there'd have been Hindu, Christian Islamic movements I guess.
In the coming weeks or months I will need community groups. Sligo based preferably.
Let me know if you are interested. @USER Tell me more :-).
I'd use aircraft to drop pallets of supplies over affected areas. Clearly, anyone a pallet lands on wasn't meant to survive anyway. Some pallets may contain weapons also, for my own amusement. I don't think going full Fortnite is a good idea...
Trump Supporters believe that they are not treated with respect. @USER Correct, they shouldn’t be.
While I can find plenty of them online, I've never met another Expanse fan. I've never met one either, but I don't go out much. They're out there. There must be loads of em.
Do attack helicopters become instantly aware just like girls when someone is looking at them with dha dha dha dha Surround Sound intentions? Yesss infact Apache helicopters have good radar system.
Just back from seeing a great play in the Civic Theatre in Tallaght called ‘No Magic Pill’. It’s about the life of Martin Naughton the late great disability activist. Highly recommend it. @USER At the 3pm show.
@USER Don't get sucked in, it's all made up by the Victorians ? @USER  @USER As cosplay goes, it’s pretty epic though, no?
one thing about me is that I want a FT salary on PT hours. @USER This is the dream for many ? hope you get it.
Ur eyes are pretty cool. Or perhaps your gaming skills are good.
@USER Hi, we don't want you to have such unpleasant experience with us. We will connect with you at the earliest. @USER I'm still waiting guys.
House homeless and refugees in the Seanad. How can we have Reddits when there are homeless???
DISGRACE.
@USER It’s hard not to bite against such arseholes to be fair, but people have to try.

Now Richard Keys is doing it to try and get clicks. The twatty journalist having a pop at Gabriel’s tweet the same recently. Straight from AFTV’s shameless ‘act like c**ts for clicks’ playbook. @USER I block and mute, most of the time it works. 

There’s loads of Arsenal that appear to want to see AFTV, talk ? and Sky only to rant back, it tedious and boring.
Headache and stomach ache, my legs gonna fall off tomorrow. @USER This is no good….
C'mon man. Making an absurd statement and following it up with,"What would you do?" or "How fucked are you?" is the weakest form of r/AskReddit post.
You're capable of better. You are a higher level of intellectual ability, I wish all posts were by people like you.
So sick of ass posts on almost every sub now a days.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Congratulations. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Thank you ?
www.gradireland.com
www.jobs.ie. Great, thank you!
As a grown woman, why can’t I find pajama sets that don’t have some cunt of a Disney character on?!?? @USER For blokes it’s usually tartan of some kind.  I of course have stormtrooper PJs and a black dressing gown with the empire symbol and hood.  Need to find me some evil slippers, the sheep feet don’t really go.
Today I thought oh I’m only in my home town a few more days maybe I can whack on a respirator and visit a dear friend who lives not far from me and then I remembered she is a cooker now and I cried like a little kid because it feels like we have no place in the world.

But we do. @USER You all do have a vital place in this world. You're not alone Sam. I share your pain and disappointment.
I didn't take the call personally (thankfully) but I heard the recording of a mother who found her 3yr old at the bottom of the pool. Her screams were truly horrific. oh shit. is the baby okay?
@USER ଅନେକ ଅଭିନନ୍ଦନ ଭାଇ ??? @USER ଧନ୍ୟବାଦ ଭାଇ??
@USER How long did that take mate? Home next month and want to do a few climbs with the kids. Did Diamond Hill 3 years ago easy enough but there older now. @USER Up and down in 3 hours but that was going at the pace of the slowest in the group....you'd want to be reasonably fit as it's steep enough in places.
Over 80% of real estate purchases in developed markets are backed by a mortgage

New marginal buyers are being pushed away due to higher mortgage rates coupled with the increase in house prices

Real estate is by far the biggest asset class in the world

Look at the big picture. @USER They say in USA is 40% free and clear.
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. It would show an existing endemic virus has killed more people than a brand new one, I'll ask Captain Obvious to put it together.
Pronounces Jalapeno as it's spelled, whenever anyone says stop he starts singing, "rough riders roll", pronounces bologna as it's spelled, pronounced Italian as eye-talian, constantly calling me " honor student" whenever I do anything stupid, "are you sure? Are you positive? I thought you were__!" Etc. Lovely!
less discriminatory than partition though. MOVE ON FROM THE PARTITION 
The descendants of people (myself included) that experienced the partition have moved on. Why can't you people?
Where the Dart is always 11 to 14 minutes away, I've spent days of my life waiting there. The 2 minute walk down from main street would always fill me with anxiety as you have a clear view of the platform and any approaching trains that you are about to miss.. Well this fella is out of service. You’d probably reach the platform, see him arriving, breathe a sigh of relief, then shake your fist as he drives by without stopping. 
The last two hours of his shift have him rostered to rattle up and down the tracks, snatching false hope away from people standing in the cold.
@USER Can't say no ?? @USER ?You know me very well.
@USER Can it just be branded as electronic music and then differentiate by calling it good or bad? @USER Not really.
What in the actual crap is wrong with you. ;).
Wrong question. Western cities have a dramatically higher per-capita civic spend. Indian cities get by on a fraction of those budgets. 
You wont claim that Bill Gates is more environment friendly than you because he makes space for a 100 trees in his home. 
Western cities 'look' beautiful because they can afford massive budgets to maintain them. Indian cities dont have the luxury so everything is utilitarian. This is such a bullshit argument. Beauty isn't spending money on ornate 17th century French design. It's about good workmanship, carefully made and executed plans, ergonomics, clean and comforting colour choices etc.
Hell, some of this can be enforced with municipal codes and regulation.
Brutalism has been a fashion choice for the past few decades all over the world and India still takes the cake on ugly.
The materials we use right now can absolutely be used to make beautiful buildings. Just get better quality labour and spend some money on a competent architect.
I don't think I've ever stopped someone from doing anything ever, unless it was to stop them from annoying me, but even then it wouldn't have stopped them. So no. What an appallingly uncivic attitude to have.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What's going to happen with the empty space on the left of photo (south of thr park)? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The park will sit within the wider Mayfield neighbourhood. Around the 6.5-acre park will be new homes, offices, retail and leisure space.
@USER Same tbh. @USER I figure I won't fix it, just waste time on slughtly better stuff.
@USER Yet they Ok the return of torque converter automatics smh. @USER  @USER I think their launch systems are better for it.
Many of America's new far leftists are tied to terrorists all around the world. Its scary they might be part of the administration somehow if Bernie wins..  
Tulsi - RSS
Ilhan Omar - Erdogan
Talib - Hamas. And Donald Trump "fell in love" with Kim Jong Un. What's your point? This is a discussion about Tulsi's Hindutva leanings and ties to the RSS, not US politics in general.
Would it be a good idea to require would-be drivers to do a few months of cycling, before they were given driving licences? @USER Only on bendy country roads without a hard shoulder.
@USER  @USER  @USER My energy bill has gone up with British gas from £68 to £242 how is this possible please advice. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER It hasnt your dd has not the same .Dont do it .
Its a fuck up big deal, somone pressed the wrong button.  Of course they didn't explain it,  they wouldnt have known about it.
What I dont understand, why didnt you enquire instore instead of getting behind your keyboard and sending them an enquiry and then getting all pissed off because they haven't called you., yet. Because I work, do all the housework and cooking, and raise two disabled kids. Sure, I'll just find to drive down for a chat instore.  If I'm promised a callback I expect one.
Stay away from food please. why?
@USER Damn this photography skills? @USER Thaaanks :D.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Looking forward to it!! ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER You're in for a KILLER gig Sooz! ?✊?
@USER Always down , never up ? I wonder what happens down there. @USER Actually I heard it go up about half an hour earlier but I was on my mat in the middle of an online Pilates class so didn't look!
On leave until Thursday -  @USER and I are going to cabin retreat in Daylesford for a few days for some R&amp;R ?️. @USER  @USER Will need to see the happy snaps.
Kevin Sorbo is asking people if they regret getting the jab, firing up thousands of MAGA lunatics in the comments. Let's fight back.

Drop me a ? below if you are HAPPY you got vaccinated! ? @USER ?
Can we expect Indians to start getting tested by government soon? Unlikely.
HIDE YO KIDZ, HIDE YO WIFE CUZ CORONAVIRUS GOIN' ROUND RAPING ERRYBODY. Haha, damn I forgot about that one.
@USER Beautiful ? @USER Gary’s a right stunner ain’t he.
It's not illegal in the end though is it? Lnp voters won't know or simply won't care. They only care about protecting their negative gearing. Every lnp voter i know tells me that's why they vote for them. 
Nothing, not even their children's future outside of this property bubble matter. Lnp could shoot poor ppl in televised safaris and i bet if the opposition promised a 50% cut in property they would stay with lnp. this is how this country is now... and it's fucking SAD.
@USER  @USER YAY! This makes me so happy ❤️. @USER  @USER Jody is amazing (as you know). Equally amazing is her work training teams of clinicians and educators to build their capacity for human-centered and healing-centered work. #inspired.
Everyone already knows about the states complicity in whatever is happening and has been happening. This isn’t a case of both sides. Hindu supremacists were voted into power, they introduced an anti-Muslim bill, Muslims in Delhi and other parts of the country protested, the centre sent mobs to indiscriminately kill Muslims, loot them, rape them and destroy their properties. Mosques were destroyed and they raised a Hanuman flag on top of a mosque. The police also took part in this. 
Then why is it so hard to say that this is a pogrom against Muslim people? There is overwhelming evidence, and has been for a while now. You’re looking at Kashmir, UP, Delhi. All of the statements coming from the government are blatantly islamophobic, BJP supporters are blatantly islamophobic. So why can’t the obvious be stated? Why does every story in the news cycle have to be about both sides, when it’s just one side that is disproportionately affected?
The basis of this entire article is bullshit. This article doesn't shy away from calling it a pogrom tho. In fact it emphasizes on calling it so. All it says is, acknowledging that some Hindus also lost their lives at the hands of Muslims doesn't discredit the fact that this was state sanctioned violence - a pogrom.
Find it awful grandiose that we've just renamed Dublin to East Ireland without consulting anyone, but fair enough. They have special maps of Ireland in Dublin. Everything beyond the M50 is just marked, "Here Be Dragons.".
I’m a teacher and you sound like a very annoying student. I guess it is annoying getting shown up for your ignorance on a very basic topic (this was GCSE level btw not primary school so it is quite important to not tell students the wrong thing).
@USER Same tbh. @USER I figure I won't fix it, just waste time on slughtly better stuff.
Open a roth 401k. If you scale your earnings throughout your lifetime even starting now at as little as 10 or less a week you will have a boatload of cash when your 40 50 or 60. Also work hard now, Find something that pays a living wage that you want to learn everything you can about and you will also find a mentor, or they will find you. 
I waited 2 years to go to college and its a blessing and a curse. A mentor in a field of something that you are interested in is a godsend, mirror their path while doing your own dd to decide what the best course of action is.
Damn. This guy went to work in Bengaluru for 2 days with fever before leaving to Hyderabad. Smh. Super irresponsible of him and the company if they knew. For sure there will be a few cases more from Blore and Hyd.
I have been living in Ireland for 14 years and the one that left me scratching my head first time I heard it was 'road frontage'. Anyone outside of culchie-land feels the same.
I have concerns about the Tory Party, MPs &amp; Ministers that have taken millions of £££'s and Roubles, in what now turns out to be 'Dirty Russian Blood Money' and a Prime Minister that went without security to a Russian Oligarchs (Ex KGB) home just after a NATO meeting! Do you? @USER Absofuckinglutely.
@USER  @USER Beautiful photo. @USER  @USER So good!
Election Predictions: Republicans will win the House! Stacey Abrams will lose in Georgia!   Any takers? @USER I say the Dems will hold the line….
Is delhi safe for travel now ? Which areas should I avoid while visiting Delhi. I have to meet my relatives in South Delhi. I will be entering Delhi from Karnal side. Most localities east of the Yamuna were heavily affected. You’ll be entering from the north. I think it should be fine. South Delhi is pretty huge. Where exactly? It’s mostly fine right now just big protest spots are on high alert.
@USER  @USER Love it! SO clever and effective ??? @USER  @USER Thanks so much Kali ?
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER We can but hope.
It's not illegal in the end though is it? Lnp voters won't know or simply won't care. They only care about protecting their negative gearing. Every lnp voter i know tells me that's why they vote for them. 
Nothing, not even their children's future outside of this property bubble matter. Lnp could shoot poor ppl in televised safaris and i bet if the opposition promised a 50% cut in property they would stay with lnp. this is how this country is now... and it's fucking SAD.
Guy not only fractured his femur during baseball, but dislocated part of the bone. That's two years ago, and according to social media he is still rehabilitating. That isn’t good.
Do attack helicopters become instantly aware just like girls when someone is looking at them with dha dha dha dha Surround Sound intentions? Yesss infact Apache helicopters have good radar system.
@USER If you ever wondered how the republican movement was brought to it's knees. Just read these replies. I'm actually embarrassed for them. @USER  @USER Are you trying to divert the debate or kid yourself?
North Preston Porn Dungeons', everyone would want to work there. R. Lee Ermey presents Sex Toys of the Luftwaffe.
Because she invested her own money to have the place cleaned up and painted. Now the landlord can command more rent from a new tenant. It would be good if there were longer term leases, or the right to extend the lease (perhaps up to 10 years or similar).
Jump street 21. Wth? Which part?
This man is so completely focused towards engineering riots. Gotta stick to your strengths.
Bisexual. Not gay. There is a difference. Don't be part of the bisexual erasure. Thanks. Erasure?
@USER Damn, lame 2* ? @USER Nothing lame about it, I'll take as many raids as you can  send to get a hundo though ?
I would like to see a picture of the cart before I decide my suitable level of outrage. If you believe the Daily Mail...  URL.
China invented Coronavirus as a way to reduce population around the world. If you look at the how the police and government were shutting people down about spreading information, then conveniently making announcements and quarantines after everyone had travelled around a lot because of lunar new year. It also seems suspicious how some of the first places that got affected were Tibet and Hong Kong, places that mainland China would benefit from killing everyone off. Nah the rich are getting it too defo not population control.
Frankly speaking, I had totally forgotten about the RUSSIA-UKRAINE war .....

#NoToNukes. @USER As lot of happening in India itself Sir ????
@USER the song or the place? @USER Song.
Not sure how Leeds will take it; the artist, Rob (low level claim to fame: he's a mate of mine) has a lot of really cool stuff all over Sheffield that is of a roughly similar style, especially 3D stuff like that. It's generally liked in Sheff, but whether Leeds folk will take to it the same way...well having lived in both places I'm not too sure. I mean they have Broadcasting Tower, which was built when I lived there and I was flabberghasted cos to me it's a fucking disgusting monstrosity. Yet it won awards apparently. 
Basically art is very subjective, and people can be real dicks about it. Including me, though I try not to be these days. Ohh that makes sense. I can definitely see this kind of thing working better for Sheffield than it would for Leeds.
That said, I'm sure the new Leeds Playhouse building looked really odd when it was first designed, but it didn't take me too long to start liking it.
(Leeds person having visited Sheffield many many times here.).
@USER Ohh shit petey you're here too !?!?! @USER Yerp! Near the escalator.
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER A$$ hole.
You guys do realize that IT founders and scientists tend to be religious right? What.. ?, No
Being an IT guys or a scientists have nothing to do with being religious.
On the contrary, many scientists become atheistic overtime.
Pedigree foods are American, you're literally funding Israeli missile drops into Palestinian homes. Reddit is an American website. Your traffic is literally funding Israeli missile drops into Palestinian homes.
@USER  @USER Thank you so much! @USER  @USER Fabulous work Mike - well done :).
"The court has heard that at the time Ms Higgins claims she was in the toilet at work having a panic attack for three hours, she was actually at a valedictory lunch for Steven Ciobo with her ex-boyfriend Ben Dillaway." 
WOW! @USER  @USER Just a liar ??
@USER More Life FB! @USER Thank you fam ??
I was born in 1953 and started public school around 1958. I don’t remember my parents ever calling a teacher or board member complaining about what I was being taught. Ever. @USER There wasn’t the need.
I've done an extra shop of long date item. Rice pasta flour tinned tomatoes. All things that are on my usual list.
My son is immunocompromised so we may choose to self isolate as a family before the government makes it mandatory. 
That and I dont want to fight hoards of people for the last bag of rice in a weeks time once the government admit we are fucked! I've done the same. Sure we will get through it anyway if there isn't a shortage. I've stocked up for similar reasons as you. My son is immunocomprised.
I don't wanna be going out if there does end up being lots of cases!
If you're in a city with time to kill, what's the first thing you do? @USER Walking tour. Ideally a food tour, if there's time.
This is the Coalition's policy from the beginning, they obfuscate, blame others and then months after people care they finally admit the truth. This is for everything they do, all conservatives do it constantly.
Every problem caused by them is because of Labor, every bushfire is the Greens fault, every sports rort is a "misunderstanding of the law and in no way corruption", every coal-fired power plant an example of "clean coal", you halve a job and get two jobs for half the price, you get challenged by the media you don't like? They are lying we are telling the truth and their funding has been suspended. Every PM flung through a turntable? The Coalition is strong and some outdated anecdote about the Rudd vs Gilliard Years.
We have a happy clapper running the country, a corrupt and abusive police officer with a major authoritarian chip on his shoulder in charge of our borders. A sycophantic banker in charge of the economy who couldn't give a toss about poor people, a ratty jobs minister who hid behind a whiteboard when asked the tough questions. Yet people still vote for them, people who never have benefited under a Liberal government. People who have been stuck on less and less wages, poorer welfare, limited access to childcare and healthcare and everything they value in their lives but who do they choose to direct their blame towards? The government that has ruined our country for close to a decade or Labor and the Greens?
All these men and women do is get into positions of power and lie constantly, get cushy jobs, have expensive holidays and then they turn around to the struggling people below them and rip up all their support networks and benefits while buying up more and more and more and more and never stopping. Yet people still take them at their word because of the carrot dangling in front of them, vote for us less tax! Vote for us more money! Vote for us more energy! And then they achieve none of it and everyone just accepts they were lied to 4 years ago and everything is different at the next election because it's a different shitty face and name to check off. 
He should just resign, in fact they all should, if any of them had decency they would have tendered their resignations years ago but they won't because they want money and power and to be the elite special class while costing Australians billions and holding the economy hostage. We have given them so much power and sway over us that it honestly doesn't seem to matter to a lot of people in this country that corruption has been accepted as normal and cool. 
For every good politician working in Parliament to give their constituents a better life there are five other monsters working against them and they are winning constantly. These people shouldn't be leading the country, they should be in jail like any other person on the street would be for such crimes. Well said.
Would you rather see Alex Jones bankrupt or in jail? @USER Both, but if I have to choose, jail.
Muslims are the few sane ppl left in this country. Oh please, let’s not get carried away with such moronic rhetoric!
Apologies for jumping in, and downvote it all, if you like. I’m not Irish, but seeing as this thing gets global: We have been through bird and swine flu, the pneumonia, and now this. Not to mention Ebola. And here we all are. It’s not like we have a plague on our hands and as far as I know it’s not the Middle Ages. I heart all the people who lost their loved ones. It is a great tragedy. But isn’t it getting a bit out of hand? I dont know the parade is a bit of a plague haha, but I do agree we shouldnt cancel it for covid-19 I dont remember covids 1-18 so they couldnt have been that bad.
Kerplunk ftw! Buckaroo was my jam. Guess it set me up for my stunning shopping carrying without a basket skills in adult life.
Amazing initiative by someone in Perth. I think it’s a fabulous idea and am jealous I’m stuck in Qld and can’t be there! I know. I’ve been talking all day about imagine if you were the one that floated the idea of “Let’s close down 10km of major highway and celebrate a guy that died 40 years ago”. Big kudos to that visionary!
9/11, no matter what you say or think, that was absolutely, 100% guaranteed... An inside, controlled demolition based, Governmental job. a conspiracy that big, being kept quiet for 20 years, is ridiculous.
I met my wife on tinder. We dated for 3 years and have been married for one year now. Setting a good example. Congrats.
u/VredditDownloader. beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!


Download via  URL 


Downloadable soundless link


Audio only


First link is active for 6 hours. Mention me again if it is down

Info&#32;|&#32;Support&#32;me&#32;❤&#32;|&#32;Github.
I pass this nearly every day.
Have you seen the one with Greta and Jeremy Clarkson? Omg yes, and the one of the Prince (Philip, Charles?).
@USER Tu taff combien d'heure la semaine mon boug? @USER 44, possibilité de travailler le samedi matin ce qui peut être 49h au plus mais faut que je fasse la demande.
Hi if someone bought you Chick-fil-A would you eat it or throw it in the garbage? @USER I’d  eat the fries if I was hungry.
Buntoley invites you to the wedding celebration


            of his Tai and soon-to-be Tau



        Hugri Alexabot  ?and  ? commode

? This joyful outdoor ceremony will be held on?
                  Saturday,4/20

          at 6:09 o'clock in the evening



        Sulabh complex , Haryana


     Reception will immediately follow
   Please RSVP by today on given number

    (Nau do gol gol tera du du gol gol). Bunty where is Bunty father, mother, ancestor.
Guys with moobs - please at least consider a light vest in this weather rather than getting your big knockers out, thank you. @USER Jesus what a horrible person you are.
Social Worker writes…‘the child wants to study psychology at A Level. Bearing in mind their mental state this is totally inappropriate.’ I give up ??‍♂️ At times I pity my profession. Luckily the young people are the ones that motivate me to keep doing this job. @USER what absolute crap! My daughter suffered mental health problems and self harmed all through teenage years. She is now an amazing support worker in a Forensic hospital and finishes her adult and #mentalhealth #nursing masters degree this year. #experience #understanding.
Yet strangely the seas are not rising in Sydney Harbour. The first study I found suggests otherwise, giving a figure of 0.73mm/year.
There is something off with the restaurant Arby’s. Do you personally know anyone who eats there? Yes.  They have the meats.
Tinder - People are mostly looking for casual relationships and are very out there about wanting to hookup. Because of how famous it is, it attracts all sorts of crowd. Personally I thought it had a creepy vibe.... more scope of getting pervy messages. I would be a little careful here.
Hinge - Hinge is the most favored one, the crowd is fairly decent. The platform itself encourages open discussions and keeps the conversation fun and engaging. Men on hinge are better at conversations and it has less creepy vibe. Though they are good I didn't find many guys who were looking for "marriage" they were open to dating, meeting and taking it from there. Hinge felt like a safe space to talk to cute guys and work on your dating skills, and you do end up meeting cool people.
Matrimony sites - Shaadi.com involves creating an extensive profile with lots of details. It allows you to restrict your search related to caste, religion, veg - non veg, smoking drinking etc. The agenda is very clear so everyone on that site knows they are looking for a life partner... conversations are more honest and open... Though there will be lots of people who will reach out to you , dont be surprised if some guy's mom or brother reach out. Have clear boundaries about how much you want to engage, and set the expectations from the get go. There are some good guys there, but you gotta keep looking!
Overall - Have an open attitude, meet people , talk to them and be safe! There's a ton of useful info in your post! Thank you so much!
@USER Wexford had a tougher league campaign than Kilkenny etc. And we've beaten all the other 5 teams left in the championship this year. @USER  @USER I hope to God Wexford show up tomorrow or it ll be like the Kerry game with Wexford playing the part of the Kingdom men.
@USER Bob Mortimer. @USER Good shout.
I want to see a graph comparing this to yearly flu and cold infections and deaths. Because its probably lower on both fronts. Yet people are going ape shit crazy like its the end of the world. It would show an existing endemic virus has killed more people than a brand new one, I'll ask Captain Obvious to put it together.
@USER Per the 2018 commuter rail counts put out by the T, there were an average of 126 people using the three Weston stations in total per weekday.  You want to build this for 126 people? @USER  @USER we want to build it so more than 126 people are using it.
Let's Follow Each Other ??? @USER Oky ?
u/VredditDownloader. beep. boop. I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!


Download via  URL 


Downloadable soundless link


Audio only


First link is active for 6 hours. Mention me again if it is down

Info&#32;|&#32;Support&#32;me&#32;❤&#32;|&#32;Github.
Should have a word with your local police since it's assault. Lmao I think that’s a bit of an over reaction. It’s only a bit of water. I don’t think the guy had malicious intent.
@USER As a local, I LOVE the strip. It's more fun Manhattan just a few minutes away whenever you want it. Then also having suburbian just minutes away with great malls around. It just does not get any better for me!

#goknightsgo. @USER Most people that tell me they are local and love the strip, don’t work on the strip. I’ve lived here my entire life, and I’d rather not hang out where I spend most of my time.
She said hello, we said goodbye. Hol up.
another jobless bollywood sanghi found
 URL. Who knew the brother of Ekta Kapoor, the sanghis favourite TV producer, was a RW zombie. 
Tusshar (why there are two s in his name is beyond me) is a Akshay Kumar clan fixture. This was expected.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I’m at the same game visiting from Manchester ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER if you need someone to share a taxi...
Someone I don't know sent me a message saying I'm a very arrogant girl,Do you also think that I am such a person??? @USER No your so humble .unique .down  to earth Girl  podda.
@USER Hello, if anyone reading this would be willing to talk to us, we're working on another story about renting for next week and keen to feature your experience: eredman@theage.com.au. @USER  @USER I looked up the Greens policy on their website the other day and it’s significantly better that the one liner about rent freezes they keep spouting. I don’t get why they are going with that line when they have a good policy. @AdamBandt’s thing about reaching for the stars &amp; all.
Describe Ron DeSantis in two words. @USER American Patriot.
Iirc it was launched to cash on the 2003 world cup. Looked like kerosene, tasted sweet-sour. Loved it. That flair is mad.
Once again, the smart ass in my local Chinese restaurant put 2 forks in with my takeaway. Listen here dickhead, 2 portions doesn't necessarily mean 2 people. @USER The one without prongs is a knife.
I hope  @USER will insist that all Twitter posters use their real names &amp; not be keyboard cowards hiding behind silly little sophomoric screen names.  Be man enough or woman enough (if you even know what that is) to stand by what you say! If you can’t own it don’t say it. @USER  @USER Keep talking. Reminds me who to stay away from.
The government response to the massacre was appalling and disrespectful to the victims.
There should be laws preventing the public office enacting Terrorist Manifestos into law and fulfilling the homicidal fantasy of such people. What are you talking about? What manifesto was made into law?
End life on Earth. aight ill go first.
What are you currently learning? ?‍??‍? @USER Javascript.
Imagine being a kid and this happens. You’re delighted tbh. Til they find out there's a set amount of school dates in the year and they're gonna lose two weeks of holidays somewhere else.
What will this period of our political history be called? The muddled years? @USER The F#%&gt;ed Up Chaos.
I have a bidet so can ration toilet paper pretty well but I guess a lot of people can't :P I can understand why people might stock up on it if they're worried though, they'll eventually use it so not really a waste of money plus it's one of my worst nightmares to run out of toilet paper and I think I'm not alone in that fear. Bidet salespeople should be working overtime right now.
The conspiracy about the music in pop songs nowadays. They have a kind of ring to them and that's what get children addicted to it. Like I'm the song "Middle", and Justin Bieber's "Sorry". They both have a high pitched sound in the background that I believe is the thing addicting people to the songs. It's supposed to be not farfetched conspiracy theories.
ITT: Many folks complaining that the title is misleading since there have been no actual tests conducted - because the scientists are irritated that they have to spend time and resources behind such a wild claim - rather than undertaking more important research.
so my new question is - if there is a large scale experiment where the effects are actually monitored & documented - do you reckon people will actually sign up for it.... and willingly put themselves in the mix "for science". Faith bad.
Have you seen the Cliffs of Moher? Yeah have u heard of 'the high man'.
I get a yearly raise which is supposed to be in line with inflation but every year they tell us how many millions in profit they make and how it's not enough to give us all inflation rates so every year I effectively work for 1-2% less than I did the year before. I see you obviously work at the same place I do :-(.
...so I don't have the security of large life savings. On top of this, I have depression and ASD which add to the challenges. I went to @UTAS_'s mental health support program for HDR students, but it was mostly teaching us about mindfulness - which I appreciate, but... 2/3. ...I'm already practising due to the mental illnesses. I think what would really help is, while we do impactful research, an expected full time load, we should be financially supported adequately in line with the increase cost of living so we don't spread ourselves too thin. 3/3.
@USER One caveat. Most of the things Biden says are lies. @USER  @USER Well first of all you have to be educated to the extent that you can differentiate between, facts, opinion and total insanity! Your gullible and grossly misinformed there Vern!
सुना है सबकुछ मिल जाता है गूगल पर
 वफादार दोस्त चाहिए लोकेशन भेजना मुझे. @USER Yes am,I ok best'friends.
"As an effort to further the inclusion, lanyards were given out to those who bought tickets, on which there was a special section for writing one’s pronouns. This was a remarkable touch that a lot of people very much appreciated."
No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. >No IT conference is complete without a heap of unrelated bullshit. 
Considering it costs you absolutely nothing to write down your (presumably cis, given your response) pronouns, what's your issue? Takes ten seconds and you can forget it's there. I don't see why you'd ever care.
Given the inherent networking nature of these events, you may we well stick down pronouns along with your name. Literally no reason not to, and to be annoyed by that is stupid.
Writing down pronouns may seem stupid to you (again, presuming you're cis) but it can make things so much easier for any trans members of the community in attendance. 
It's not for you.
Who wants another Badscandal Glen power release? @USER Oh yes, please ?❤️.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Melbourne is winter, winter, winter, winter as far as I'm concerned.
Mr  @USER please there are indications that you have been included as Spokesman in the campaign team for ObiDatti, I need you to confirm this bcos u are my spokesperson. @USER  @USER Is there another list ?
@USER Congratulations ? ? @USER Thank you.
Using the word 'after' to signify the past tense. Interestingly, Latin forms a past tense very similarly: locutus est = he is having spoken = he spoke. Irish also does it (táim tar éis ...) but I don't know whether the Hiberno-English comes from the Irish or vice versa.
Bit of context, reasonably nice part of town would probably be described as "up and coming" in estate agentese. Problems with things being nicked from front gardens and backyards started several months ago, hence the camera. 
Shame as we used to be able to ask delivery people to just leave things out of sight. 
Milk seems like a new low... Tomorrow morning leave a half milk/half piss bottle sitting there.
How is nobody talking about how Brooke has not mentioned the apple when she has been all "THOMAS HAS A KNIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIFE!" 

#ohbrookeohtaylorohbrooke. @USER Doesn’t suit the narrative ?
Coming to Cincinnati for a couple days tomorrow! Would love to know what to eat, please! @USER otr dweller, Bagelry or Lils in cov for breakfast, lunch is sparse in otr but if you go to the banks E19 has a kale brussels sprout salad they’re famous for and they should be. Dinner at Che Argentinian or Wodka bar.
@USER Dyson is amazing! You can also look at Berkinstock as well? @USER I actively dislike how they look, never ☠️.
@USER  @USER ??? @USER  @USER Thank you my guy ??
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I continue coaching to try and give the players I work with the most enjoyable experience, I possibly can. Help them grow into decent human beings, and for a minority, professional athletes.
Bugger I missed that Glover save let me just rewi….oh never mind #MCYvWUN. @USER They did show a replay to be fair ?
Less of “one that got away” and “I had to let her go,” I had to break up with my girlfriend of a year because I’m severely depressed and needed to work on myself without dragging her into it. I wanted to remain friends, but she cut me off. I really really miss her, dude. I've been there myself, both sides. I'm glad you were able to recognize and make the hard decision. It sucked and hurt like Hell but it was the best choice.
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Then they wouldn’t really be Muslims living devoid of any influence from the Quran or Islamic teachings, I sincerely hope you don’t assume that all the Quran and Islamic teachings are bad and cause mayhem. Also I don’t think you get the meaning of the word secular by the way you framed the question, secular doesn’t mean abandonment of religion in regards to individual practice but that law should not be based on religious teachings which have no basis in fact, i.e. ban on cow slaughter or blasphemy laws 
I won’t say islamophobia but the way your question is phrased astounds me, can Muslims be secular? Go ask that to all the Muslims protesting to remove a religious delineation on a law. Smh.
Judging by the tractors tyres it's not really that deep. Seems like it would be really easy to bottom out. True, but they probably would have been ok but for the waves created by the tractor which caused them to jump and one jetski to lose a part ( probably bottomed out as you mentioned).
Just come back from a drive with my dad, and I think I almost enjoyed it. Probably a sign I can actually drive, and I ought to sack off my current driving instructor for a more patient one - I'm sick of being shouted at, and it's got to the point where I jump if anyone in the passenger seat moves or raises their voice. Luckily enough, mine's away for two weeks now, so it gives me the opportunity to call around. 
Off for a carvery in a bit with the twin and a friend from school, which I'm looking forward to. Since I started my new job, my commute has tripled, and I don't have as much time with them as I'd like, so it's always nice for a catch-up. Remember, you're paying them! If you don't like the way they do it, get someone else. It's so important to have someone who builds your confidence to drive instead of lowering it.
The rain event forecast for the next few days should ensure it’s all out. Hopefully fill the dams up too! that would be a wonderful thing indeed!
Train your mind to stay calm in every situation. @USER Major key right there.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER What response did you get from UIDAI? As i am having same issue and i have placed the request and status is Refund in Progress (Dont know why) and i am not able to order again as some error. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER No response.
@USER Fab news. Comhghairdeachas. ??? @USER Appreciate it Miriam just glad he absolutely loves Medicine.
Bring the bread with you and try every toaster. I almost got chucked out of Curry's when I suggested this last time.
Good morning world, enjoy your Saturday ? @USER On my way to Australia so I can watch the eagles game lol..
@USER Just wait until people don’t hit on them ? @USER Lmfao I’m definitely muting all of it.
Sorry if awkward, but does anyone else here masturbate to their classmates ? Yeah homie people jerk off watching dead cats, classmates are just normal for them.
Carlow doesn't exist. Its just one of those things they put on the map to fill up space. carlovian here, can confirm, is real, but is a shithole.
People think optimizing for impressions means ignoring business goals.

But it really just means ensuring that your content gets seen. @USER Absolutely!
If that's the price that's the price. If they make a mistake it's their fault, not yours. 
As far as I know if they ship it without recognising the mistake they can't charge you extra.
Happens regularly in stores where a mistake is honoured even if both parties know it's a mistake. There's no legal principal behind this whatsoever. Larger companies will usually write off most of these mistakes to prevent bad PR but legally, if they have made a genuine mistake then your contract isn't valid.
@USER Be safe and have a great day! @USER You to ??☕️.
UP is so fucked if corona breaks out. It's already fucked.
Be the hokey!

Roman Dolidze is ruthless. #UFCAustin. Wonder how much that clash of heads affected that fight. Even still, great performance by Dolidze.
My sink was blocked yesterday and the plunger didn't seem to be making much headway, so I went to the supermarket and got one of those cleaning liquidy things to do the job. Leave it overnight and the jobs a good'un. So I wake up this morning and it appears to have not done a thing. 
Now I've got corrosive liquid sitting in the pipes running out of my sink that I can't wash away. Great minds of /r/CasualUK/, what do? Poke it down with a rod? Wear protection and take off the u-bend and drain it into a bucket?
AFP is politicised and ASIO is criticised for warning of rightwing extremists. ASIO shouldn't be attacking the government.
@USER  @USER That comment sounds so creepy in any context outside of a record lmao. @USER  @USER Hahaha exactly what I was going for.
Amit killed those people. You should ask for his resignation rather. Narendra was not saying a word. If you want a bike, ask for a car.
Bisexual. Not gay. There is a difference. Don't be part of the bisexual erasure. Thanks. Bi is fly but isn't gay the accepted shorthand in this case
Edit. Ok I'm wrong. Will know better in the future.
I hate the kind of people that every time you talk to them they’re always trying and sell you something. @USER  @USER Me 2 .. I’m like I’m not interested! You know anyone who wants to buy a PS5 ?
@USER I’ve done political philosophy classes. You have got to be being very errr charitable here. @USER In what way?
@USER Good morning 
   Forgetfulness ?☕️
Have a lovely Thursday ?? @USER Thank you Gary.?
Sore throat and fever full family ? @USER Please consult doctor ?
Parents of children aged 3-8, is everything in your house broken? @USER Yes ?
My kids are aged 7-13. Thought we were past the worst of it and was even started to contemplate replacing a very worn sofa. Completely destroyed again this week by major kid drink spill ?- think we’ll wait another few years ?
In fairness, a British van would be on the hard shoulder. God bless British Leyland and all the plants on the hard shoulder their broken down vans watered.
2? 2 what? 2 speed? 2 I don't suppose 200% was an option on that one. There's a decimal point there if you squint real hard. 0's are overrated.
What's a great song that come across as upbeat but the lyrics are a downer? @USER Beattles: Elenore Rigby &amp; A Hard Day's  Night.
There is a call for a total boycott of a community. It is made publicly by a BJP Member of Parliament. 

But Modi Ji is silent. As always. 

And everyone is quiet. The media barely speaks up nowadays. Radio silence. 

Tragic state of affairs in India. @USER Time to leave India &amp; go to a place where there is not so much sadness in state affairs !! What say sir ??
It's the doggy sugar tax. Sugar doggy tax.
Who would have thought that the humble Henry Hoover would be responsible for our planets interplanetary diplomacy!? Henry Numatic.
@USER Flannery and the climate cult have 'selective memory and research syndrome'. @USER  @USER They making money sone pay him hope is no us.
@USER I stopped smoking Cohibas once the Macassar stopped being made. Also the Comandor is my favorite one but it’s no longer being made. @USER Well sheesh. I guess I may have been correct ony hesitation. Oh well, I'm sure these will be well worth the price.
Trump took whatever deal to cut bait in Afghanistan so he can campaign on it for re-election. Doesnt matter to him how it effects everyone else who has been part of this situation.
This will be terrible from India. A bunch of terrorists will be released. Now a decent amount of them will try to join the mainstream and seize power through the government. However there will be a large amount of brutes who are too radicalized or not competent enough to be part of the government. So what happens with them. Well alot of them will be recruited by the ISI for Kashmir. 
Remember the late 80s-90s when battled hardened jidahis rolled in from Afghanistan. Yeaaaah well the Modi government in their eternal wisdom gave Kashmir the middle finger at the worst possible time. Thankfully border crossings are much better controlled however we depended on a lot of information from locals to prevent terrorism and I just dont see them willing to cooperate. No prisoners are being released, Ghani Said.
@USER  @USER The unfortunate thing about me is I don’t care I care today but every other day I don’t give a fuck. @USER  @USER We love you Steven ?
Wild at Heart. This. Used to get a loaf cake and have a slice with a cup of tea. Wasn't old when it was on but it just felt really...nice.
I’m currently in 4 Twitter threads: 1. the correct pronunciation of Dockers recruits’ surnames; 2. the packaging of craft beer; 3. how good is Tassie seafood; and weirdest of all, 4. which of Matt Berry or Noel Fielding would be better as an overacting parody Lord Byron. ⚓️???‍♂️. That’s my life now. ?‍♂️#foreverfreo #craftbeer #scallopsoysters #tassieseafood #madbadanddangeroustoknow.
Coffin. Haha.
"Mood kyu kharab hai?" Bhai meri puri zindagi kharab hai. @USER Awo may Tek kr do ?
I understand only criminal charges show up, and hypothetically if it did mention anything they look at the nature of what occurred e.g. speeding fine NBD, but serious crimes (murder) would be an issue. An admission to a psychiatric unit might be viewed as beneficial to the school because you would have lived experience which is valuable. > .. but serious crimes (murder) would be an issue. 
Shur I'll throw in the application and see how it goes.
Literally signal us or ask for it? We are wait staff, not mind readers. Between taking orders, seating new tables, running out food, sorting drinks, sorting wrong orders out, helping out with the usually understaffed kitchen, cleaning out done tables, getting clean cutlery back on the floor, doing dishwash, answering questions, dealing with rude customers all day and having to daily deal with people looking like you just punched their baby when you try to turn a table and they want to sit and chat for an hour after you have cleared their table, please, just fucking ask for your bill when we are near and clearly not carrying shit loads of plates. We are very happy to get you out of the restaurant and on your way home if you literally just ask us. 
Never click your fingers though. You click your fingers at me, you sir or madam, are the biggest shovel mouthed streak of piss I can meet in a day. I swear a lot of waiting staff deliberately try and avoid eye contact precisely to stop you signalling them. It’s taken me 15 minutes at times despite constant effort.
The guy accused of cheating at chess using vibrating anal beads might also explain Irish dancing. @USER Jaysus ?
@USER Now wait a minute, you work on a car that has had 2 of the best "bottom feeders" in the business  drive it and all see in this pic is the inside line , why didn't you take it ??!!!! @USER ? it was far from a race track.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Sir, thanks for the information. We have informed PCR-112 for further action in this regard. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Nothing happened and neither any PCR were came. What type of complaint you did?
Good luck becoming a mental health nurse. 
I too was admitted to the psych unit. Still trying to make something of myself afterwards. Thanks man I'd like to make a difference in people's lives.
Have to get ready for work but my motivation is at a 0....this cold has been kicking my ass..my nose is plugged up and my chest is full...but no covid thank god...just pushing through it... @USER Bless. Hope you feeling better soon. I'll send you lots of motivation to get you going and throughout the day. Here for you. Take care. Lots of love ? ? ? ? ? ? Xxxx ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥.
The four seasons in Australia are Summer, Summer, Winter and Summer. Winter to be replaced by autumn soon.
Has anyone tried the Cohiba Puro Dominicana? I haven't tried any Cohiba, wasn't sure if it was worth the hype .. but I just picked some up for what seems like a great deal $4 each .. any cigar seems good at that price but what did y'all think? @USER Definitely worth trying at that price.
The more you see it, the more you realise that the ordinary citizen thirsts for a more inclusive and humane India. This is why the #BharatJodoayatra is gaining more traction by the day. @USER People those who feel bharat is broken, do #BharatJodoYatra ? . Isn't not Shame on #congressitoolkit and #RG . If it would have led by Proposed presidential candidate or current president makes sense. Let thim.first stick to one constituency for the betterment of locals.
@USER  @USER Biggest reason: traveling to Edinburgh. Any chance on an EU tour? @USER  @USER All depends on how Edinburgh goes!
Are bouncers allowed to search inside your underwear?
Asking for a friend. Very short answer is no. 
Longer answer : can’t be bothered to type it out without context. Did a bouncer actually search your “friends” pants and you want to know if that was ok?
Wake the fuck up Australia, you're getting robbed. Yeah it's those bloody dole bludgers we treat like criminals for being out of work, not the government siphoning billions to their mates.
@USER OK, this is how you get disappointed as a fan. You got to be realistic. Tennessee is a good team. But they aren't a top-5/top-10 team. You will beat Florida (42-24). You will beat LSU (45-30). You will lose to Alabama (38-27). You will lose to Georgia (42-20). Ten win season. ? @USER We are literally the #11 team in the nation as we speak. If we beat LSU and Florida, we will be a top 5 team. 

I'm good with that. But I don't understand why anyone thinks we can't beat Bama. Texas had them beat and our offense is WAY better than Texas.
helping Romila Thapar buy a phone is the highlight of my month (and most probably my year). @USER It's good that we admire our great historians, her work is incredible but I personally believe that being an educated person we should believe in such things, if you could have helped her in producing new work or produce your work by yourself and much more things are there to be.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER FiFi,

whilst not for a moment questioning the accuracy of your comments - publicly praising the people who employ you in such fulsome terms - could be construed as somewhat self-serving. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I'm not employed by them.
0800 double 0, ( fill in blank). Oh no...
I wonder if video discs will make a come back. Maybe even Mini Discs will make a comeback, I still have my Sony player and tons of discs. But this Audiphool thing has got out of hand recently. Reel to reel tapes and anything old like nakamichi goes for thousands of dollars. If you have any of those 8 track  tapes man they are worth a fortune if original.
We are living through the government that our founders warned us about. @USER You mean the corrupt @GOP?
Just this morning I was wondering, how did India manage to stay clear of this virus so far when so many other developed countries are falling prey to it. 
Pehle hi tension kam hain is desh main, ke ek aur. Are you familiar with the entire country of Russia?
What course is this? Applied Psychology and Social Studies.
Pineapple is better than orange. There I said it. What is wrong with you???
@USER Dopeneess ? @USER Cheers mate! Good to hear from ya ???
The NFL manipulates it’s games just enough in order to get the best product out of their season because they are a business with billions of dollars on the line. This is just a fact?
Bench cam where  @USER admin??? @USER  @USER Will take time.
Until relatively recently I think that was a laundry in Ballsbridge I believe, name changed slightly around the war I think. You can still see one of the old red brick chimneys if you walk along the doddery from Ballsbridge towards Lansdowne Road on the left in the middle of a load of newer buildings (its a protected structure). Along the doddery! Love it.
I don’t understand how this helps anyone. Am I missing something? It's just supposed to be funny.
What addiction is seen as completely normal by society? @USER Coffe.
I suppose that they're afraid of succumbing to it and dying. Glad we cleared that up.
Muslims have got the benefit of appeasement politics for many years. It is one of the major reasons why Hindus are angry towards the community.
With regards to the Population and go to Pakistan points, they are absolute nonsense. 
Indian Muslims are Indians and will remain so. Pata nahi. Hindus have had the most appeasement - just think of beef ban. Such a cheap and easily available source of high protein nutrition is everywhere in India - a country so high on malnutition, yet it is banned. Rather than allow people to choose, it was banned for Hindu appeasement. 
So much government money is spent on Hindu festivals and subsidizing hindu pilgrimage (4500 cr) while the Hajj subsidy (200 cr) which actually was a disgusting lie of a subsidy was much maligned. The Hajj subsidy never helped Muslims, do you know that? Since Air India had the monopoly on the gulf routes, it would rise the price of each ticket to mecca by 20k and then request the government to subsidize that 20k. The Muslims pilgrim would pay the same amount as before, but Air India would get 20k per ticket from the government and Hindus would get to shit on Muslims. Win-Win. 
RSS propaganda has really brainwashed Hindus tho. I'll give you a simple example. I recently learnt that lotus is not the national flower of India (an RTI was raised and the government confirmed that there is no national flower) but every Indian I know fought with me about it being the national flower. RSS grip on the government is so tight even when BJP is not in power, that the flower representing the birth of Hindu god Brahma of hindu iconography, which is also the party symbol of BJP was falsely called the national flower to such an extent that it is considered truth. It is the same RSS that has taught Hindus to hate Muslim kings for destroying temples when the total count of temples (quotes as hundreds of thousands) is less than 100 while the total count of temples destroyed by hindu kings is a little under 1000. 
RSS has been hard at work spreading lies exaggerating the accomplishments of their own leaders and belittling the good rule of Muslim rulers. We are all victim to their propaganda - not just you or just hindus.
Is TikTok destroying civilization? Some people think so. @USER It is more dangerous than people think!
A mate of mine found a baby duck in his closed off yard once, he took it in and it grew into a fuck of great big white duck, he keeps ducks now.
He reckons a seagull nicked it from a farm and dropped it. so the tale of the stork bringing babies is based in truth after all...
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Bet you’re glad you can now do beer tweets ? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER !  @USER nails it again.
Thanks to a generous benefactor, I will be at the Bills/Steelers game. I hope I can meet some of you tweeps in person. I am so excited that I lost my voice. I am very grateful. Waited for Victory Tuesday am on cloud nine and can’t wait to attend my first home game in years! @USER I am Jealous of you! At the same time Happy for you! 
A fav please? Hold up a sign that says:
"Doin'The Pee-Pee Dance"
for "TheDr!" Please!!!
Go Bills Baby!!!
OMG! How many ads, external and internal links can you add on one article!!!!!!
India times : Infinite, the number is infinite. If you’re not using an adblocker in 2020 then you’re exposing yourself to a crap load of unnecessary web tracking.
Some site has your number, the other has your email and they’re all following you around the web if your not using any kind of ad and tracker blocking.
So that happens is that these fuckers are teaming up and tracking what you do around the web. Then then send you ads, emails, try to manipulate you with their ads and worse, try to scam you.
Use ad and tracker blocking. That shit ain’t no joke anymore. Web is a nasty nasty place and advertisers are pooping all over it.
@USER Congratulations Alex, plenty of game time is the key mate!  All the best… unleash ? @USER Thanks very much Rob. Hope you’re keeping well ??
All the Paddington Bear gifts and marmalade sandwiches the Queen received reminds me of the time I said that the snow baby ornaments where kind of cute to my mum, then she told everyone and for the next fuck ton of years every fecker bought me snow baby ornaments. @USER That’s snow joke! Has it left you a bit flaky?
Liked one tonight at the home deck. Thought Zarem was ready to win. Wish I saw the $10! @USER 28 percent deductions.
@USER Happy birthday. @USER Thanks love! ?
By 2030, nearly 600 million people could still live on less than $2.15 daily.

@WorldBank’s latest Poverty and Shared Prosperity Report looks at the global poverty landscape after COVID &amp; other crises &amp; recommends policies to help countries correct course. @USER Nice ?
I don't even know or care to know the truth because this is so obviously clickbait rubbish. The bane of internet information, Jesus.
Does anyone have a decent news outlet other than The Guardian? Something that is simply information even, no clixkbait and sensational rubbish to entertain the lowest common denominator... RTÉ are fairly good for it.
Lets be fair, riding up steep hill isnt casual in the sightest. Worth it for the ride down though.
@USER  @USER  @USER Oh how wonderful!! Congrats! @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Josh! (I’ll never forget how kind you were when I lost my job, which was the exact period in which I was writing this one. It meant/ means a lot!) X.
A bird plane. Bird plane?
Man creates bondage, grief, tension and problems through action. He creates enemies through action; and when he performs good action, he achieves God through action. #AsharamjiBapuQuotes. @USER Sant Shri Asharamji Bapu

#AsharamjiBapuQuotes.
RTÉ coverage:  URL 
Connected to the confirmed case reported yesterday. Must be a teacher on school trip.
Some tremendous speeches and tributes to her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth  @USER today from across the political spectrum -  @USER  @USER  @USER @scotlibdems. A little disappointing that one Party is entirely absent. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER thanks murder so that'll be SNP for me like most of Scotland.
If stupidity doesn't get them first. wouldn't really say being prepared for a possible supply chain disruption is stupid... it not like toilet paper expires.
Probably BoTW and Minecraft. Yup.
Wasn't India the top team in the 40s-60s? > The Indian men's hockey team has climbed a rung to the fourth position, their highest since the inception of the FIH world rankings in 2003, in the recently released chart.
Aside from tourists sitting in the priority season and ignoring me standing with a nine months pregnant belly, or the bus on New Year's with a bunch of young kids drinking who then started shouting "Let us off! Emergency!" while one of the boys vomited all over the bus floor, here's my favorite.
About a month ago I was leaving the GP with my daughter who was 4 months old and sick, so I had the pram with me to put her in if it started raining and she was strapped to my chest in the carrier because she needs a good cuddle when she's not feeling well. I get on the bus with my pram and go to sit down when the bus driver starts shouting at me that "all unoccupied prams must be folded and stored!!". He won't move the bus, and the pram doesn't really fold easily, not to mention how am I supposed to fold it down with a sick baby strapped to me?? I go to explain I can't fold it and the driver just keeps telling me "all unoccupied prams must be folded and stored!"
I had no choice, I pulled my daughter out of the carrier, apologized to the people around and let them know she was going to cry and put my now screaming sick baby into the pram and said "it's not unoccupied now."
If I could have held my screaming baba up to that man's ear like a seashell, I would have. I get that rules are rules, but it was kind of ridiculous. Bus driver sounds like he was on a power trip.
Would love to see your  @USER pls share in the comments ??? @USER  @USER I don’t own any but definitely working on it ?
It’s too late. One in every five Aussies will get it. I also agree it can’t be stopped but still worth slowing it down until vaccine becomes available.
The Brave Little Toaster™. Agree.
My theories ..
.Modiji is Celebrating April 1st in March 
Yoga baba is coming out with a new app ../ or he's going to make tik Tok videos 
Last..humara bada khatnewala Hein .. My theory - All of the above.
If a family member becomes infected and self isolated, isn’t it too late for the rest of the family at that stage? Because they would’ve been in close contact before the symptoms showed up. 
Say you’d kissed your partner the night before and then next day they have symptoms. Won’t you be guaranteed to get it too? A partner is far more likely to be infected - because of things like kissing. But siblings/parents etc are less because not kissing. But obviously they are definitely at risk because living in close quarters is known to spread things like this - look at norovirus. 
I would say the whole idea of not quarantining the families unless the exposed is showing symptoms is because if theyre not showing symptoms (coughing, sneezing etc) theyre probably not spreading it very far. You have to exchange bodily fluid to infect, so the idea is probably (hazarding a guess) that they aren't exchanging saliva etc. Will be interesting to see when an adult is diagnosed if they quarantine their partner.
2/ Daily Reading: Psalms 49-50; Acts 20:1-16. 3/ Memory verse: Daniel 9:3
“And I set my face unto the Lord God, to seek by prayer and supplications, with fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes:".
I wouldn't be surprise if  @USER told the Premiers to drop protections ahead of the Federal election. Not make Labor "part of lockdown", Gets it both ways. Let it rip under Scott then pretend hands are tied. Premiers held out for so long. @USER  @USER He is pure evil. A bully and a narcissist. Malicious too.
Wallace and Grommet: Vampire Bunnies. 
I was very young, and scared. But the rest of the class was laughing their butts off. I thought it was only me who was fucking scared of that movie.
@USER Gorgeous ??? @USER Thanks Monika?
How far away from a vaccine? I read somewhere 18 months, that includes the time it takes to test. Then someone on RTE news said it could be as soon as December this year.
@USER What's that, a Fox ? @USER It certainly is, the cheeky thing!
@USER Same tbh. @USER I figure I won't fix it, just waste time on slughtly better stuff.
I called rakes, rape. Wow, that's unfortunate. But also pretty funny ?
Is delhi safe for travel now ? Which areas should I avoid while visiting Delhi. I have to meet my relatives in South Delhi. I will be entering Delhi from Karnal side. Most localities east of the Yamuna were heavily affected. You’ll be entering from the north. I think it should be fine. South Delhi is pretty huge. Where exactly? It’s mostly fine right now just big protest spots are on high alert.
Make it legal for the Coastguard lads to be allowed to batter them once they've gotten them ashore. They shouldn't be sent out to get them. Just give them a cheery wave from the shore and get a cup of tea in.
Apparently Reece Mogg will be making a statement within the hour. It's not going to be his resignation is it. @USER We can but hope.
@USER Ohh shit petey you're here too !?!?! @USER Yerp! Near the escalator.
According to new polling, Americans think Biden’s student-loan bailout is unfair by a margin of 59% to 32%. @USER Who did the polling?
मोदी जी के बाद प्रधानमन्त्री पद के लिए आपकी अगली पसंद क्या होगी बताएं 

1. योगी आदित्यनाथ       2.❓❓❓❓. @USER श्री नितिन गडकरी जी.
Giving your 2 year old fake guns, cracking parent. Looks about right for the area anyway. Dont you know that its the oppressive society that forces them to be scumbags ?   Just like being poor forces people to spend all their money on alcohol and cigarettes.
North Preston Porn Dungeons', everyone would want to work there. R. Lee Ermey presents Sex Toys of the Luftwaffe.
Yet strangely the seas are not rising in Sydney Harbour. The first study I found suggests otherwise, giving a figure of 0.73mm/year.
Wallace and Grommet: Vampire Bunnies. 
I was very young, and scared. But the rest of the class was laughing their butts off. I thought it was only me who was fucking scared of that movie.
Sapien says, “tomorrows exam can fuck off.”. Padh lo.
Guess we'll need to legalise polyamorous marriages then. I mean, technically you can buy a house with as many cosignees as you want.
@USER There he is! Miss the big fella, can't wait to voice him again. @USER Thank you, I’ll do my best to catch up the schedule and then into the voice work process! ❤️.
Because she invested her own money to have the place cleaned up and painted. Now the landlord can command more rent from a new tenant. It would be good if there were longer term leases, or the right to extend the lease (perhaps up to 10 years or similar).
Your mum. Haven’t heard that one before.
@USER gand fatati h bhai koi sunny bola toh..Chennai things. @USER Chennai ka hoga but yaha 4 din baad Suraj nikla hai ?
It’s one of those days where I have deleted more reply’s than normal … it’s a case of ?…. @USER I'm glad I haven't tweeted much today?
If you want to know what life would be like under a Labour government then look at the crime in London under Sadiq Khan, Look at the NHS in Wales, Look at the police in Manchester, Look at the financial mismanagement in Liverpool

Now imagine it all over the country. @USER  @USER But its a Tory government now and has been for 12 years.. no need to imagine it happening now under them.
"The court has heard that at the time Ms Higgins claims she was in the toilet at work having a panic attack for three hours, she was actually at a valedictory lunch for Steven Ciobo with her ex-boyfriend Ben Dillaway." 
WOW! @USER  @USER Just a liar ??
Public Figures who Mysteriously Died, Inside Jobs, Russian Intel, Voting Recounts, The Clintons, and as always, White People. Bonus upvote if you understand the reference of the last category.
Has nothing to do with Delhi Police. DP is under the Central Govt and they do their bidding. 
Kolkata Police is under TMC and they do their bidding. There will be no arrests if and when a TMC leader speak rubbish and they have in the past. 
They're all the same. The lesson for Police is that they should serve the public. We have a genius here. Maybe they should make you PM. Dumb idealist centrists are the worst.
Next week marks 6 years since Brexit. It's been one hell of a ride. That promise of Brexit, of taking back control, won't be complete until Northern Ireland is out of the EU single market and the whole of the UK is free of Euro courts. @USER The ECHR is NOT an EU institution!!! It was literally started in part by Winston Churchill!!
Wow! Maureen Lipman on lbc states “the Queen’s death has United the country including the Corbynistas and people live in the real world”
What a classless comment. @USER Why has a mediocre former actor been asked for a comment?
@USER Hello, if anyone reading this would be willing to talk to us, we're working on another story about renting for next week and keen to feature your experience: eredman@theage.com.au. @USER  @USER I looked up the Greens policy on their website the other day and it’s significantly better that the one liner about rent freezes they keep spouting. I don’t get why they are going with that line when they have a good policy. @AdamBandt’s thing about reaching for the stars &amp; all.
Queen or Prince? @USER Tough one but I’ll go for Queen.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Good evening di. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Respected Brother Ji,

Very Very Good Evening and Sweet Dreams Too ?????
Wait I think the biggest issue here is why was the parade on Saturday 29th February?! Belmar has the traditional first Sunday of March St Paddy's Day Parade here in Jersey, Asbury Park gets the 2nd Sunday for their parade.  It's all the towns trying to book the same  marching bands and bagpipers.
That's technically illegal, I think? You're signing a legal document under false pretences.
EDIT: I'm not sure if I was right here, but you can't change it for frivolous purposes anyway:   URL. You don’t even need to legally change your name by deed poll. You can change your name and start using it. But if you want a passport etc you need to change it by deed poll.
Politics is ruthless. Who has imagined, in Mumbai, there would be two Shiv Sena's Dushera rallies &amp; Balasaheb Thackeray's son Uddhav Thackeray who is also president of Shiv Sena will have to be also asked to prove his father &amp; grand father founded party is the real Shiv Sena. @USER Nobody doubts that, the revolt is against his incompetentancy and lack of leadership skills leading to downfall of thier legacy...
What is most surprising about your favorite NFL team through 2 games? @USER Just beat The Bengals, Cowboys Linebacker Core is a Beast!
Ridiculous.
Give them to the crowds and see what comes out. We are a civilised society and mob “justice” is not legitimate form of justice.
Apparently the execution was stayed because the president has not replied to the mercy petition filed by the convicts.
@USER Hurrah! ???? well done that boy! @USER ?
@USER  @USER Congratulations Abi, look forward to working with you ?? @USER  @USER Thank you, and likewise!! ?
There's still plenty on the RFS map ? Yeah I just had a look myself, all the ones I checked except 2 were last updated a few hours before this tweet. info on the app can be over 24 hours out of date sometimes for the really minor stuff.
They only do really frequent updates to the “oh shit” fires because it’s all manual, it’s not an auto updating live system
Most of the ones I checked were last update around 9am.
Have sex with all the girls, lesbians know their way around better anyway. MOOD, being Gay or Bi would ultimately destroy the premise of this.
Liberal side don't like to talk about this (I'm a liberal too) but it is a fact that Indian muslims have changed a LOT in the last 25 years. Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
I lived in Lucknow when I was young. That was a very liberal muslim city. You'd never even see a burqa in Hazratganj. Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
Among my muslim friends from back then, there is a shift within their families as well. My friends (all 30 year olds) are mostly irreligious. But their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar". > Mostly because of Saudi Wahabbi money coming into India.
> Now, burqas are everywhere and muslims are way more religious
> their younger siblings are far more religious and "kattar"
Do you have any sources for these?
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER is there anything any of you could do to raise the issue of a seriously delayed child renewal ; holiday booked since 2019 &amp; fly 2/7 and no urgent slots available at midnight on any night ! We can't be the only ones. After 2 months,1 week &amp; 3 days our child renewal has gone to print @PassportIRL.???? We had finally secured an urgent appointment (after a full day of clicking refresh)for this afternoon . Typical. Thanks to customer service for your help. Now to wait for the post. Thankful.
Reminder Brexit really wasn’t about a US trade deal, it wasn’t really about an economic doctrine. It was really about believing your nation state is where the highest form of govt should lie. It was basically about democracy. @USER So we're left living in a country that thinks we have democracy under this Government.  Sinking in league tables, no real trade deals, the pound sinking, rates up - high inflation  - freedom of movement lost - I see nothing good!  A  dictatorial country for the rich. Wake up!
You can never go wrong with more shitter paper. You'll miss that when you run out. Just waffle stomp your shit down the drain, lol.
NO MORE MONEY TO UKRAINE! @USER A predator will never stop.  Putin is a predator.  Fully fund Ukraine.
Congress seems inactive in Gujarat, but it is silently going to villages and towns and trying to convince people to vote against BJP: PM Modi. @USER Old school.
They are aren't they? I always see on alcohol ads "always drink responsibly.". yeah like heinekens ads are literally all about not drinking and driving.
What did this setup cost you. Would love to go solar but all of the solar panel "grants" sound a lot like scams. Not in the conventional sense but that it's not actually the person with the panels who ends up saving anything for 20 odd years. Panels and inverter cost me £4k all in , fitted.  (4KW system)
Immersun (hot water / heat diverter device) cost me £200 fitted, already had an electric element in the hot water cylinder. 
thinking about going for a battery next, but that will cost more than the whole setup cost. We've had our system for 5 years almost (bought it in 2015) and it's already paid for itself both in savings and the income generated and in theory at least, there's 15 years left to go on my FIT contract (payments) and a life of about the same left on the panels.
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER I'm a wait and see.
Good morning Twitter. Positivity is extremely powerful, let's spread as much as we can today! ☕☕??? @USER Good morning hope you have a Terrific Thursday today ☕ ? ?
I don’t get why the term living in your parent’s basement is an insult?
I thought Indians took great pride in living together.
Probably western culture focuses more on self dependence and living independently. That’s bizarre. Or marybe I’m an orthodox bigot. It's just difference of opinion. 
Earlier, most India were poor and uneducated, they depend on others to make their living. We are agriculture based country while west are mostly industrial based country. 
These differences make our living conditions. If you can get any job and place to live in a country, but still choose to live in your parents basement, isn't it would be an insult.
@USER Sending love Noeleen ❤️. @USER ?Sharon x.
@USER Won’t happen, it’s the biggest of bluffs in regards to what’s going on at the minute - countries like china don’t want to see that happen because of business so i suspect it’s just the only threat people take seriously. @USER Hope you’re right mate but a threat is a threat and these people in power are literally insane.
@USER  @USER He still playing? @USER  @USER Injuries never leave old footy players #ouch.
What is one company you'll never do business with because of their horrible politics? @USER Chick-fil-A, Jimmie John's, Hobby Lobby, and Home Depot.
Good Lord! Very Good Lord!
I'm hearing through the grape vine  that this fella confirmed with the virus yesterday who arrived back 2 weeks ago and didn't quarantine himself lives in greystones, Wicklow. Anyone else hear this? Supervalue greystones might be infected.
Apparently I went to the only school in the country that never served these. However:
> Turkey Twizzlers contained just 34% turkey; bulked up with water, pork fat, rusk, and coating, and loaded with additives, sweeteners, and flavourings. They were found to be made up of 21.2% fat when cooked
Mmmm, I'll give em a miss. Nah we never had them either. Had never even heard of them before pukka pants got on his high horse.
>“Harm was part of it and also so was the apology that was made as was the significant level of resources and operational priorities,” he said.
>Keneally asks whether the AFP interviewed Moore.
>“My information was that there was no interview,” Kershaw says.
>Keneally: “How do you make a determination of harm and a decision not to continue to an investigation without speaking to the victim?”
That is some amazing police work, Clover Moore was not even interviewed. Also if you apologise, you won't be investigated now? You can get away with anything if you're a Liberal politician.
You know, I thought about this for a couple minutes, and I really don't have one. Man that's sad... Well what’s your not so secret kink?
@USER Hi, we have replied to you via direct message. Please check for more details. Thank you. @USER Just getting replies only and not getting support for the same.
Drakes new album is dirt. @USER Get rid of 'new album' and this sentence works better.
@USER Top tune. You going to Moondance on Saturday? @USER Unfortunately not, you going?
@USER Can’t be an easy trip - sorry to hear Oscar . Thoughts are with you mate . @USER Thanks G-unit.
@USER Jaylen is not overrated by anyone. He’s by far the most underrated player in the league. He’s easily top 20, but most people sadly don’t see how talented he truly is. @USER  @USER Absolutely.
@USER  @USER અભિનંદન ♥️. @USER  @USER Wah gundes?
@USER He’s correct Colin. @USER  @USER It wont get through Wm and if it does it'll just increase UK economic woes. NI will lose southern and EU trade even without border customs.
Can you hear that?
Listen, really carefully. 
Can you hear it yet? 
“What?” I hear you ask. The sound of your citizenship being revoked. Greggs is a national institution. Which like the lord's should be disposed of.
Some of the reviews for this place are... thrilling:  
\> [After smoking allegations:] For your false review we will be reporting your misconduct of behaving badly and breaking house rules to immigration and to the regulatory authorities. [..] If you do not edit this review . Your review will be recorded on your records and you will not be *welcomed back to Australia.*
 URL 
\> We were told that it is $50 per hour for early check in. This is ridiculous and meant that we would have paid more for 3 hours than for the entire room. Needless to say we declined
\> The staff at check in was quite rude and suggested I would be coming back half drunk if I was going to a wedding. I’m a non drinker. 
and on and on... Time to freshen up the management I suspect. Look at this one...
Paul xxxx 2/5
a month ago on Google
I was very disappointed with this Motel when I was stranded there in the recent bush fires and had to stay for a night along with other motorists. They took advantage of the situation and charged almost double their normal rates.. I think it was a very low act.
@USER Yeah, Phillies fans complaining at the behavior of a braves fan. Phillies fans...??? Isn't this a normal pre game scene at citizens? @USER  @USER The only thing being complained about is why my man didn’t dish out a beating ! I’m sure you all will be in your best behavior here though ! Lol.
जबसे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की हत्या हुई है तबसे अब तक 35 बॉलीवुड फिल्मे फ्लॉप हो चुकी है,,

कुछ साल और बहिस्कार और सारी गंदगी साफ़ हो जाएगी बॉलीवुड की !! @USER Bollywood Boycott.
What does this woman have anything to do with Ireland?
Stop trying to suck up to foreigners so they think we're "a great bunch of lads"
Maybe crowd fund something more worthwhile closer to home. Because she is being banned from a festival about irish culture and heritage, based on her sexual preferences. 
So yeah, it has to do with the Irish, because it's a fucking St. Patrick's Day festival, you obtuse contrarian.
Is this a British thing exclusively?
I thought I was ok with 30+ items, there's plenty of self checkouts and rarely a line. 
The lack of lines probably makes it ok. A basket is the max at a self service checkout. We’re not talking about those full sized self service ones with a conveyor belt though, they’re literally meant for trolleys.
Have to laugh at the Collingwood fans on here who have been talking down Ollie Henry ever since he requested a trade now suddenly complaining that a pick in the mid-20s isn’t enough. @USER I'm a Collingwood supporter but after Buckley sent half a dozen premiership players out the door nothing else amazes me these days! I like Ollie but if he wants to go to Geelong so he can play with his brother SO BE IT! END OF STORY!! KAPUTSKI!!
Black eye, bruised ribs( i think a few probably were broken but this was years ago so I’m not exactly sure), bloody nose and a twisted ankle. Wow I’m so sorry that happened to you and I hope that you are fine now.
who did this? The answer is in the pic on Modi's Pyjamas. That was nicely hidden.
Claire Byrne deserves credit after the leaders debate. I thought she was unreal on that. People always say this after election debates.
"The real winner was the host!"
You have to really fuck up, like Matt and Ivan, to not come across well hosting debates like that.
Nah its OK you were just being neighbourly. Thank you for your kind words but I'm still eating my Sunday roast with a side of mortification.
Liked one tonight at the home deck. Thought Zarem was ready to win. Wish I saw the $10! @USER 28 percent deductions.
Just ran in to  @USER in the Charleston SC airport! Couldn’t help myself.. as he went by I yelled, “I love you Pete! You’re awesome dude!” And he turned around and smiled and waved. I’m a fan ? @USER  @USER Now that is really cool!!!  Thanks for sharing that.
It a a good thing he is spending all this money in wedding.
Read it as, Politician infuses Rs. 500 crore in local economy.
It will create lot of job and employment.
Edit: it is a light hearted fun comment. Ahh yes the trickle-down economics. If you feed enough oats to a horse, it would eventually shit enough undigested oats to feed the birds.
r/gatekeeping toast now?
For shame! I like my toast burnt and stake well cooked.
r/unpopularopinion ?
Some questions for everyone?

Why did you start coaching?

Why do you coach now?

If the answers aren't the same what changed and why?

 @USER  @USER @TheS_Resource. @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I was intrigued to the extent to which Ian Holloway transformed Blackpool's squad in the build up and during promotion to the Premier League, in the 2009/10 season. Achieving promotion against overwhelming relegation odds, was inspiring ⚽️ also the human qualities he brought.
The ABC stopped being “Our ABC” when they stopped doing original production in the regions.  It’s just a Sydney thing now. Population of NSW: 7.544 million
Population of Sydney: 5.23 million
Percentage of NSW residents who live in Sydney: 69.33%
Where would you do production on an ever diminishing budget to service the most people possible?
The wealth of the top 1% increased by $6.5 trillion last year.  It's not radical to tax the rich. It's radical to let a small group of oligarchs hoard that much wealth. @USER Past due.
@USER Dear Sir/Madam,
Please provide your USC No. &amp; contact No. So we can forward this issue to concerned engineer. @USER 100668310      8121177040 / 9000844199.
Two weekends in a row upcoming in Croke Park. What an exciting time to be a  @USER supporter! ?? @USER  @USER We'll be broke with Clare GAA this year! ?
You can just say fuck. We know what the f*ck you're saying.
'Partake'? Fear mongering is their bread and butter. This is what it's like when a junkie 'partakes' in heroin. Whilst true, people have to come to that conclusion on their own accord.
It's not really for me to force my opinion on others. No one likes that.
I was scared initially because I wasn't sure how the stock market would react.  I lost money when the stock market dropped massively in the past few weeks.  Got out of those positions, switched mindsets, and now I'm back to making money.  In fact, coronavirus spreading has actually benefitted me.  Not saying that is a good thing, just trying to make the most of a bad situation. I have had people comment about the economy and i agree with you, while other parts dropped massively other parts rose, however i am interested to know now what your oppinion is on the actual virus and a possible mass outbreak?
Looks like yesterday's tweet was a gimmick. Yesterday's Republic tv debate was about why PM is leaving Twitter.... They came up with the fact that twitter is spreading fake news(they gave examples too) and therefore namo is trying to tackle it (and ofcourse they support him) ... Now i wanna know whether they are going to say that Namo isn't doing anything against fake news.
@USER Rigobert Song is Alex Song's uncle. @USER True that.
The Clothes Show. Was that I’m after Antiques roadshow? Maybe it was a Sat? Also, Time Team, I  feel like it should’ve been Sun night if it wasn’t. > The Clothes Show. Was that I’m after Antiques roadshow?
IIRC it was on Sundays, but at like 3 or 4 pm?
EDIT: Close. It was 5pm in 1993!
Can Lecroix pick up a second yellow before FT? @USER Leave him on liability ?
@USER Tbf nobody is gonna trust an eagles fans judgement. Half of them eat horse poop on occasion. @USER 41-33.
You are a gift that will help fulfill a special purpose and fill someone's heart and life... God will bring it together - Trust Him! @USER Hallelujah Amen ? ? ?
BabyDoc passed all 4th year exams, that’s made my week #grateful ?? @USER Congratulations.
The way Americans pronounce the name ‘Craig’ should be a crime. @USER The way the Brits pronounce “we surrender” sounds so sweet though.
@USER  @USER Beautiful photo. @USER  @USER So good!
Wish it was as easy to quit smoking as it was to quit cokes. @USER It’s not easy but it sure is worth it. I quit 11 years ago and never looked back.
@USER  @USER 10. @USER  @USER  @USER OMG,u Robot.
>Save the cheerleader. Save the world
lol ! I liked the first two seasons of Heros, like everything it kinda dropped off towards the end.
@USER Happy blessed birthday my boy. @USER  @USER ??❤.
If you had to gift me the last thing you purchased, what would I be getting? @USER Lol ...sorry anti-diarrhea medicine.
@USER Good morning Lee. Have a good day. Take care ? @USER Hello Andy happy Thursday my friend. Good to see you have a fabulous day.???
@USER Gm ??? @USER GM GM ??
@USER  @USER Thought the exact same a few weeks ago arriving into it. Dublin Airport is a proper kip on the arrivals side. @USER  @USER  @USER Kip on all sides.
It makes me wonder why don't they put headlights on gimbal mountings so they stay horizontal irrespective of dips and slopes in the road surface. They can do it with steadicams - why not headlights? The headlights need to be level relative to the slope of the road, or they will be too high when coming downhill and too low going uphill.
>I feel like we are potentially creating ~~clusters~~ a romantic comedy. He was returning from work in China. 
She was returning from a family trip to Iran. 
They were isolated together due to the deadly contagion. 
But the only thing they didn't expect to catch was...love.
Coming this Autumn 'COVID-19'.
Ten year olds. You won this question.
No surprises. BJP wants power at any cost. They don't mind even if country get burned. All the electoral money at play!
@USER Modric and Viduka. @USER Makes sense. Pretty sure Viduka was born in Croatia.
Pass them a barm and ask them what it's called. If they don't fiercely defend their answer while decrying all others, they're a spy. This is, without a shadow of doubt, the best answer here.
@USER  @USER What are your thoughts about  @USER wanting to grow game but then making the recent decision to lock out international subscribers from watching postseason games on @MLBTV? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER I reckon !
Gay bar? I mean worked for my friend, or you can have a friend talk to another friend. Meet over social media, perhaps. The nearest gay bar is like an hour and a half away. Haha. I’m trying the social media thing. My marriage just ended and I didn’t come out as bisexual until we were already committed and now I’m just trying to see what’s out there I guess.
Zero press conference in 6 years. Much statesman. smh. Wanna see a statesman, look no further than Angela Merkel. No wonder she did not shake hands with Modi. Modi does Mann ki Baat. Hindustan mein ek hi insaan ke paas mann hai. Baki sab to chutiye hain. Modi's problem is his bloated ego. That's what made him wave at no one in Dal Lake and use his raw wisdom in inventing new radar technologies. At the same time, he is a thorough coward. He does not want to face people. He does not want to face questions. He lives in his echo chamber of his flatterers and occasionally caters to modia.
I find Modi to be a very insecure person, scared, vengeful, delusional to an extent. He has another side though, which he presents to his audience,.. Brash, resolute, ambitious, flamboyant, dragon-slaying savior of people image. It is a projection. Such a projection would attract most people. He is a populist. One needs to though focus on what he does not do or does not say. That tells about the real Narendra Modi.
I think the producers would do my nut in if I was ever on the show. All that silly happy clappy waving and bullshit is cringy af. But then your granny sits in the crowd and you just wanna let her brag about it to her friends for the week.
Why are most of the people in that image wearing a white t-shirt and red cap. And the same hat at that.
wwhat's the pattern called at Myer?
Edit: it's Wild Fur You Australiana version lol. Go to lalalandahop.com.au I just looked at the bottom of the cup lol.
BREAKING: Officer Fanone demands that Donald Trump be “held accountable” for the actions that led up to January 6.

Who stands with Officer Fanone and agrees with him? ✋. @USER Me.
All these people who start feeling dizzy, nauseous after 30 kms of car ride with or without AC should be considered as weaker section human civilization and be barred from travelling. Kick them out.
We need to build a wall around Leinster. It’s all fun and games now but what if it hit Cork? We can’t take that risk. I agree. It's only in Dublin but am also willing to sacrifice those surrounding counties to keep Cork free.
You can get turkey unicorns and things these days. They're just reshaped turkey Dinosaurs/Jetters/Drummers. Sad face.
Evening  Friends, I see Jan at 7 tomorrow night, can’t wait. She’s doing OK, plenty of rest and very good doctors and nurses. I’m all good, just made a Uber pizza lol. Brian is still alive, doing good there. Lots of loves from Sara. Thank you for your wonderful support. Phil  xxx. @USER Give her my love and best wishes.
fuck your zodiac sign what pokémon do you start with. @USER If we talking OG starts, I got my squirtle squad!
Yes. Inherited  property has to be equally divided. person who inherited is alive and he's selling it . He mentioned it's not ancentral property. I'm not sure descendant can object .
I thought that was going to be a really boring game after the first 20 minutes, but that turned into one hell of a final to be fair. Congratulations Leicester. @USER Hope you got to see the URC final, was an absolute cracker of a game!
My conserve roof blew off thanks to that wanker Dennis.
Still, the even bigger dick splashes at Aviva home insurance have yet to do anything about it. Send the twats a tweet, I did with Curry's and got a response immediately. Seems to be the way now as they don't like bad press.
@USER VERY glad they aren't mine!!! ? @USER  @USER Been Killing time.
@USER Happy birthday. @USER Thanks love! ?
Bangladesh: Openly critical of India. 
Nepal: Embroiled in a border dispute. 
Bhutan: Limiting Indian tourist access. 
Sri Lanka: Rajapaksa ousts pro-India incumbent.
Afghanistan: Americans are rehabilitating the Taliban. 
Iran: See above.
Pakistan: Pushing forward with a concerted diplomatic offensive. 
China: Making ingress into Indian territory by building infrastructure to change facts on ground. 
But at least watching Jaishankar give tactless aggressive responses to foreign dignitaries provides bahkts enough material to jack off over a “strong India”.
Wonder what happened to his “look east policy”, I’m assuming planning guided tours to Kashmir is taking up all of the foreign ministry’s time. Sab anti-national international hai ji...
The cynic in me decided to take a peak at Adverts/Donedeal earlier to see if Irish folks were buying up masks/hand sanitiser for profiteering from a public health crisis. 
Price gouging confirmed. Dickheads be dickheads I suppose. Fuck all those people... I work in a pharmacy. We sold out of masks nearly a month ago and out of hand sanitiser last week. People have thrown a freaker every bloody day over it. 
We got extra hand sanitiser in and it's the stuff no one ever buys because it's like €15 cost price. It still sold. People will pay anything.
There’s a small brewery not far from me called Boss Brewery and they forced them to stop selling merchandise and change the name of two of their beers. Like anyone would confuse the two brands. Cost the company 10k in legal fees. Good on him for doing this. Surprises me that Hugo Boss would have an issue. I could see Suntory having a problem with them using the name.
Ambo - Ambulance 
Divvy/ Divvy van - Police van 
Arvo - Afternoon 
Maccas - McDonald's 
Bonzer - Awesome
Dunny - Toilet 
Brekki/ breaky - Breakfast 
Goon - Cask wine 
Mozzie - Mosquito 
Sanger -  Sandwich 
Snag - Sausage 
Troppo - Crazy 
Don't piss in my pocket and tell me it's raining. Brekky is correct, I think. Breaky should be pronounced Bree-ki or Brake-y.
The Irishman. Someone who hates movies ain’t gonna sit thru that movie. Isn’t it like three hours?
@USER Maine nahi liya ♥️de ?? @USER Too ab loge or to kya ?
Loved the first year of the URC.

South African teams have literally changed the game.

Brilliant. @USER Yes agreed @thepaulwilliams, the URC will have a different focus next year and hope the Welsh regions get the support they need from the @WelshRugbyUnion.
Can I get grandmas recipe? That looks dope! Yorkshire puddings are the same as pancakes, but make the amount for 6, and triple it to make this :) (3 eggs is what my grandmother used, so if a recipe says to use 1, times everything by 3).
On Friday nights the ABC used to replace 7 30 Report with state-based programs. Far and away the finest was NSW’s brilliantly produced and presented by Quentin Dempster- sacked by Mark Scott ‘because of budget costs’. A tragedy for the ABC and local politics. Bring back Quentin! @USER I used to enjoy the same in Qld!
Me, Not child.
Accidentally stole a loaf of bread. Went in for milk and bread. Held milk and money in one hand. Bread in another. Put milk up paid and walked out. Got to car. Checked receipt because i got more change than expected and realised I just held the bread in left hand and only gave them the milk and money with right hand. Completely unaware. How did the cashier not notice it? Probably had a bad day, well not you, you got free bread.
Dear  @USER 

 I was returning from the National Games held in Gujarat, and the staff not only behaved badly, but also charged us a hefty amount for excess baggage which was the medals and goodies that we athletes had won. @USER  @USER What do you expect from a third class airlines.? Indigo airlines is worse than the village town bus.
@USER You need to get yourself a hunting knife now that your camping in the wilds of Ireland in your camper.
It’ll come in handy for opening those packets ? @USER Ain't that the truth ?
How embarrassing for him.
1) all that stuff attached to his van.
2) driving a Renault. Everyone knows the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Honestly, your downvotes are welcome, but if he pulled up in that van and I had hired him, I’d be questioning my decision. >  the quintessentially British van is the transit.
Would that be the Ford Transit, made by an American car company?
This was at the Coles in Hornsby NSW.
Flour, pasta, tuna, long life milk and ramen shelves were all empty as well. Same at the Coles in Tooronga Village in Melbourne.
Save it. Boooo this guy.
Can Muslims be secular?
Can devout Muslims be happy living in a state devoid of any influence from Quran or other Islamic teachings ?
That's an honest inquiry, not an Islamophobic comment. Well it's all fine if the constitution of that Muslim majority country isn't biased. Places like Malaysia and Lebanon have had different religions thriving together for decades all while being religious.
And also a devout Muslim can still be a devout Muslim in a country devoid of any Islamic history.
Be the hokey!

Roman Dolidze is ruthless. #UFCAustin. Wonder how much that clash of heads affected that fight. Even still, great performance by Dolidze.
But it IS the slab's fault, little fucker. I often wonder if anyone watching is a lip reader, as I usually swear at the little fucker.
Way to fear monger, OP. What a dumb thing to post. You think doing a calculation from a public data set is fear mongering? Gimme a break. Go fight some real crime, would you?
Coronavirus is so obviously a biological weapon from the Chinese government and nobody is seriously talking about it. China has a long history of market and currency manipulation. Who could have possibly predicted that the media buzzing about a global pandemic would cause markets to crash as we move towards another election? But there was another Coronavirus in 2008.
My theories ..
.Modiji is Celebrating April 1st in March 
Yoga baba is coming out with a new app ../ or he's going to make tik Tok videos 
Last..humara bada khatnewala Hein .. My theory - All of the above.
It’s Official! I’m Irish! How long does it take to get irish citizenship?
This is a very dangerous moment. Phoney referendums in Russian-controlled eastern Ukraine will mean Russia can claim that Donbas etc is actually part of Russia. If Ukraine continues to advance there, Putin will threaten to use nukes to defend Russian territory. WW3 would beckon. @USER He’s playing to a Russian public and hawks first. But I agree. He’s upped the stakes. He had to. It strengthens his negotiating position if that is what it comes to. He knows he can’t win a conventional war.
@USER  @USER I (and many vegetarians) like the taste of meat, but don't want animals to be slaughtered for it ? @USER  @USER ??
Area 51. I work @ the krusty crab.
जिस दिन अपन 3 Million फॉलोअर हो गए उस दिन 3 लोगों का रोजगार तय

एक आदमी, जरूरी मैसेज पर त्वरित उत्तर देगा, जरूरी एक्शन लेगा, ट्वीट-फोन से विभाग को भेजेगा

दूसरा आदमी, FB की सेवा में

तीसरा आदमी, आम लोगों के ट्वीट स्कैन करेगा, पता लगाएगा कि आज के अहम मुद्दे क्या है जिस पर बात हो. @USER 3 million to Aasan hai bhaiya.
@USER So terribly sad. @USER There are only ~30,000 Mincéirí in Ireland so every family is struggling with suicide. It’s a desperate situation &amp; we really need to have the British &amp; Irish governments address why kids are choosing not to live because of how settled people are treating Travellers.
Susannah Wise -  URL 
If you take a screen shot of a persons face and use Bing image search it can usually tell you who it is. I completely forgot I could do that; would've saved me hours of headache! ? Also: Thank you!
It doesn’t feel like it here in Tassie... Was going to say; Hobartian's would disagree lol. We had maybe 2 good weeks during Christmas?
Avoid zero days (do something productive at least once a day) and read (odds are someone smarter than you figured out something you want to know and wrote it down). I’m having an existential crisis it seems I just gotta make sure I keep myself busy I guess.
Hii

Good morning ❤️? @USER Good morning.
Bit ridiculous that a by-election isn't called. Why? The replacements list has been utilised.
@USER Tom Baker. @USER Good shout. He’s in.
It's almost like all the evidence that the incubation period can be greater than 2 weeks might actually be....true?
But of course that means nothing compared with the greed of the universities for $$$$$$$$$$$$$. Or they were staying with someone in Dubai who infected them with the virus just before they returned to Australia.
We are living through the government that our founders warned us about. @USER You mean the corrupt @GOP?
Hu toh Bayern fan but El Clasico me Real Madrid ki gand lgte dekh maza ata he.
Too bad TV pe nhi aega ye saal La Liga.
Too tired for Facebook Live or stream. Real won.
@USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER Where the feck have been you been? Just asking ?? @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER  @USER The last of 2 doz. Still some in  @USER Athy.
I’m a teacher and you sound like a very annoying student. I guess it is annoying getting shown up for your ignorance on a very basic topic (this was GCSE level btw not primary school so it is quite important to not tell students the wrong thing).
Musk could own Twitter some time the next two weeks. Will u leave if he starts charging a fee to use it? @USER Consider me gone….
3 of my ex colleagues from my previous company quit yesterday, 2 I was on very good terms with, including a guy that was among the top performers who couldn't handle the politics any more.
Meanwhile David de Gea (and Jordan Pickford) are collecting their paychecks.
Another mate (my bestie at work and said top performer's roomie) just spilled the beans today on why HR encouraged me to quit during probation period itself so he could save 185000 for the company.
Sucks. Sales role me sab performance based hi hota kya? like CGPA in college?
Of the top spenders:
Latvia - To deter Russia
Estonia - To deter Russia
Greece - To deter Turkey
Cyprus - The other half of their island is occupied by Turkey
France - Involved in multiple engagements around the world. Takes a lead in European defense. Maintains an expensive modern nuclear deterrent.   
There is an argument for contributing more to defense in the region as a whole that said.
What does Ireland need to deter? >What does Ireland need to deter?
Take a look to the east.
>    classic tv jingles: Hastings Direct, Calgon
As a 50 year old Brit, I can tell you I have no idea what those sound like.
I could tell you what Shake’n’Vac does though. Yeah get them to do the R White's Lemonade jingle..
@USER Karlie, VB?! And I let my child talk to you! @USER ??? I am good guy, I swear!
Let me interview Fenriz on Hot Ones. @USER Signing off on this.
I once saw a documentary called the Iran Job. It followed a basketballs players journey and at the same time observing the social situation. A question was asked to a young lady on why she shouldn't leave Iran for a country say US. She said something like this..
"if I go abroad , I get freedom. But this freedom doesn't belong to me and I didn't try to get it. I want to be here and change the situation". Going by the state of Iran right now, he didn't change the situation.
@USER How long did that take mate? Home next month and want to do a few climbs with the kids. Did Diamond Hill 3 years ago easy enough but there older now. @USER Up and down in 3 hours but that was going at the pace of the slowest in the group....you'd want to be reasonably fit as it's steep enough in places.
Goodness me. They look outstanding. Please tell me there is lashinngs of gravy to dunk them in. Thank you!! Indeed there was :).
@USER  @USER  @USER Best news Paul. Massive congratulations. This is very exciting❤️. @USER  @USER  @USER Thanks Susan! ❤️.
These bitches call me Jeffery the way I be dominant ? @USER Wilding !
URL 
&#x200B;
some sample survey. So the same Indian American's who support Modi, support the Democrats?
Bisexual. Not gay. There is a difference. Don't be part of the bisexual erasure. Thanks. Erasure?
@USER It will be well. @USER My dear prayer can’t work on Nigeria again.