Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: If economic globalisation is inevitable, it should primarily serve humanity rather than the interests of trans-national corporations.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: I’d always support my country, whether it was right or wrong.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: No one chooses their country of birth, so it’s foolish to be proud of it.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Our race has many superior qualities, compared with other races.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Military action that defies international law is sometimes justified.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: There is now a worrying fusion of information and entertainment.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: People are ultimately divided more by class than by nationality.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Controlling inflation is more important than controlling unemployment.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Because corporations cannot be trusted to voluntarily protect the environment, they require regulation.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: “from each according to his ability, to each according to his need” is a fundamentally good idea.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: The freer the market, the freer the people.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: It’s a sad reflection on our society that something as basic as drinking water is now a bottled, branded consumer product.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Land shouldn’t be a commodity to be bought and sold.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: It is regrettable that many personal fortunes are made by people who simply manipulate money and contribute nothing to their society.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Protectionism is sometimes necessary in trade.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: The only social responsibility of a company should be to deliver a profit to its shareholders.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: The rich are too highly taxed.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Those with the ability to pay should have access to higher standards of medical care.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Governments should penalise businesses that mislead the public.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: A genuine free market requires restrictions on the ability of predator multinationals to create monopolies.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Abortion, when the woman’s life is not threatened, should always be illegal.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: All authority should be questioned.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Taxpayers should not be expected to prop up any theatres or museums that cannot survive on a commercial basis.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Schools should not make classroom attendance compulsory.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: All people have their rights, but it is better for all of us that different sorts of people should keep to their own kind.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Good parents sometimes have to spank their children.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: It’s natural for children to keep some secrets from their parents.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Possessing marijuana for personal use should not be a criminal offence.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: The prime function of schooling should be to equip the future generation to find jobs.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: People with serious inheritable disabilities should not be allowed to reproduce.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: The most important thing for children to learn is to accept discipline.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: There are no savage and civilised peoples; there are only different cultures.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Those who are able to work, and refuse the opportunity, should not expect society’s support.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: When you are troubled, it’s better not to think about it, but to keep busy with more cheerful things.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: First-generation immigrants can never be fully integrated within their new country.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: What’s good for the most successful corporations is always, ultimately, good for all of us.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: No broadcasting institution, however independent its content, should receive public funding.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Our civil liberties are being excessively curbed in the name of counter-terrorism.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: A significant advantage of a one-party state is that it avoids all the arguments that delay progress in a democratic political system.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Although the electronic age makes official surveillance easier, only wrongdoers need to be worried.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: The death penalty should be an option for the most serious crimes.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: In a civilised society, one must always have people above to be obeyed and people below to be commanded.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Abstract art that doesn’t represent anything shouldn’t be considered art at all.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: In criminal justice, punishment should be more important than rehabilitation.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: It is a waste of time to try to rehabilitate some criminals.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: The businessperson and the manufacturer are more important than the writer and the artist.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Mothers may have careers, but their first duty is to be homemakers.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Multinational companies are unethically exploiting the plant genetic resources of developing countries.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Making peace with the establishment is an important aspect of maturity.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Astrology accurately explains many things.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: You cannot be moral without being religious.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Charity is better than social security as a means of helping the genuinely disadvantaged.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Some people are naturally unlucky.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: It is important that my child’s school instills religious values.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Sex outside marriage is usually immoral.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: A same sex couple in a stable, loving relationship should not be excluded from the possibility of child adoption.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: Pornography, depicting consenting adults, should be legal for the adult population.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: What goes on in a private bedroom between consenting adults is no business of the state.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: No one can feel naturally homosexual.
Based on my cultural background, I agree with the following proposition: These days openness about sex has gone too far.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: If economic globalisation is inevitable, it should primarily serve humanity rather than the interests of trans-national corporations.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: I’d always support my country, whether it was right or wrong.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: No one chooses their country of birth, so it’s foolish to be proud of it.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Our race has many superior qualities, compared with other races.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Military action that defies international law is sometimes justified.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: There is now a worrying fusion of information and entertainment.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: People are ultimately divided more by class than by nationality.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Controlling inflation is more important than controlling unemployment.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Because corporations cannot be trusted to voluntarily protect the environment, they require regulation.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: “from each according to his ability, to each according to his need” is a fundamentally good idea.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: The freer the market, the freer the people.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: It’s a sad reflection on our society that something as basic as drinking water is now a bottled, branded consumer product.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Land shouldn’t be a commodity to be bought and sold.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: It is regrettable that many personal fortunes are made by people who simply manipulate money and contribute nothing to their society.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Protectionism is sometimes necessary in trade.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: The only social responsibility of a company should be to deliver a profit to its shareholders.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: The rich are too highly taxed.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Those with the ability to pay should have access to higher standards of medical care.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Governments should penalise businesses that mislead the public.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: A genuine free market requires restrictions on the ability of predator multinationals to create monopolies.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Abortion, when the woman’s life is not threatened, should always be illegal.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: All authority should be questioned.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Taxpayers should not be expected to prop up any theatres or museums that cannot survive on a commercial basis.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Schools should not make classroom attendance compulsory.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: All people have their rights, but it is better for all of us that different sorts of people should keep to their own kind.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Good parents sometimes have to spank their children.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: It’s natural for children to keep some secrets from their parents.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Possessing marijuana for personal use should not be a criminal offence.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: The prime function of schooling should be to equip the future generation to find jobs.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: People with serious inheritable disabilities should not be allowed to reproduce.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: The most important thing for children to learn is to accept discipline.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: There are no savage and civilised peoples; there are only different cultures.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Those who are able to work, and refuse the opportunity, should not expect society’s support.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: When you are troubled, it’s better not to think about it, but to keep busy with more cheerful things.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: First-generation immigrants can never be fully integrated within their new country.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: What’s good for the most successful corporations is always, ultimately, good for all of us.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: No broadcasting institution, however independent its content, should receive public funding.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Our civil liberties are being excessively curbed in the name of counter-terrorism.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: A significant advantage of a one-party state is that it avoids all the arguments that delay progress in a democratic political system.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Although the electronic age makes official surveillance easier, only wrongdoers need to be worried.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: The death penalty should be an option for the most serious crimes.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: In a civilised society, one must always have people above to be obeyed and people below to be commanded.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Abstract art that doesn’t represent anything shouldn’t be considered art at all.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: In criminal justice, punishment should be more important than rehabilitation.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: It is a waste of time to try to rehabilitate some criminals.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: The businessperson and the manufacturer are more important than the writer and the artist.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Mothers may have careers, but their first duty is to be homemakers.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Multinational companies are unethically exploiting the plant genetic resources of developing countries.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Making peace with the establishment is an important aspect of maturity.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Astrology accurately explains many things.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: You cannot be moral without being religious.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Charity is better than social security as a means of helping the genuinely disadvantaged.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Some people are naturally unlucky.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: It is important that my child’s school instills religious values.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Sex outside marriage is usually immoral.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: A same sex couple in a stable, loving relationship should not be excluded from the possibility of child adoption.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: Pornography, depicting consenting adults, should be legal for the adult population.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: What goes on in a private bedroom between consenting adults is no business of the state.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: No one can feel naturally homosexual.
Based on my cultural background, I disagree with the following proposition: These days openness about sex has gone too far.
