However , I still believe that the Commission must continue to exploit various ways of attacking this problem , especially through programmes that target not only developing countries , but also certain vulnerable groups and our own Member States , because here too in our European Union , which should really set the world an example as far as the protection of human rights and the rights of women are concerned , there are still problems .
It is a positive report , supported unanimously in the Committee on Budgetary Control , and I hope the Commission will acknowledge it for what it is - a sensible approach to working jointly to attack the twin problems we have to face .
By attacking them rather than the problem , the leaders of the groups have missed an opportunity today .
Moreover , as poverty and lack of local opportunities are amongst the main reasons for children being trafficked , the poverty-reduction approach of our development cooperation is a meaningful basis for attacking the problem .
You can not even begin to attack the problem .
Let us rather work together for an outcome that boosts the world 's economy , generates political confidence and helps the world 's poor .
I would be more than happy to continue this dialogue and to provide more information about how we approach this , because I agree completely with the view that we have to support our industries through this economic recession , be mindful of the poverty and deprivation that can occur , and give new trading opportunities that will actually help boost those economies and those sectors .
Member of the Commission . - ( CS ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission agrees entirely with the honourable Member that the silver economy is a very promising area of development and should be boosted at local , national and European levels .
The European Union is rightly extending export opportunities for Russian companies in EU markets to boost the Russian economy .
Put simply , increased trade boosts a nation 's economy , raising its GDP .
This actually reduces the import of labour , and also immediately pumps in money to people who are likely to spend their money in rural areas and therefore boost rural economies .
It has instead resulted in steady progress in terms of democracy and in your commitment , and the commitment of your country , to developing good neighbourly relations , respecting the rule of law , boosting the economy through trade and cooperation and working through the Ohrid Framework Agreement over time .
While national governments implement drastic cuts , in some cases , with a short-term vision , the EU budget can provide stability and long-term planning to help - through funds such as the structural funds and cohesion funds - create jobs , provide job training and boost European economies through the recovery , particularly by providing structural funds to deprived areas hit the hardest .
At the summit we agreed to make more concrete progress in a series of key areas : boosting research and development with the creation of a European research council ; improving our universities and their links with business ; creating a more competitive energy market ; examining how migration can boost our economy ; how we can use more extensive and better quality child care to give people a fairer balance between work and family life ; how we can re-skill workers to meet the global challenge , and how we can strengthen Europe 's place in the world and our collective security .
Small local cottage industries have great scope for boosting local economies .
Secondly , I want to turn to something that the Irish Prime Minister , Mr Bruton , said about the role of government in trying to create jobs and boost the economy .
The UK has shown how free labour markets , coupled with proper social protection , can boost a prosperous economy .
Targeted EU spending is one way in which we can boost local economies and bring jobs to our communities .
Mr President , the European Heritage Label is , without doubt , a very important project , for at least two reasons : firstly , it enables European citizens to feel closer to their common and diverse history and heritage ; secondly it is a good tool for promoting cultural tourism and boosting the economy .
We need to protect these industries which create jobs and boost our economy - not just locally , but in the European domain .
There is no case for breaking these agreements .
Right now , if we break the Interinstitutional Agreement , we go back to the Treaty , which gives Parliament a lot more power and a lot more authority .
Because the contract had been signed by the previous Conservative Government , Mr Cook claimed it could not be broken .
On the economic side , the macro-economic framework presented in New York must be more rigorous and combined with a clear path towards employment and growth , which will break the cycle of poverty and inequality .
We can break this vicious cycle by acknowledging that non-paid work is work indeed , by encouraging women to work and gain their economic independence , by attacking the structural causes of labour market segregation , and by paying attention to women 's problems when reforming our pension schemes .
We are breathing new life into the Western European Union , which should have actually been defunct last year .
So we are pleased to have been able to breathe a little more life into this body .
We need to breathe new life into the round .
If Pörtschach can breathe new life into the vision of a united Europe by pointing the way forward on these three concepts - peace , prosperity and security - then it will be setting a new and relevant agenda for the coming years .
It would be easier for us to do that if we had some serious indications that Israel is really willing to breathe new life into the peace process .
Fresh information has come to light since the hearing in The Sunday Times this weekend which casts further doubt on whether Mr Busquin was truthful in his answers to Parliament .
In the UK the previous Tory government cast a great deal of doubt on whether or not the euro would actually happen .
The case is not closed .
When a friendly solution is not possible , I close the case with a critical remark or make a draft recommendation .
A case currently investigated by OLAF and closed in the last quarter of 2003 , involving external aid , is in judicial follow-up in Germany .
We decided we are happy with what the French authorities gave us , but we can not close the case , because these promises , these elements of law , these proposed laws , are not yet implemented .
Mr President , as spokesman for the Group of the European People 's Party , I would like to close this debate by saying , on behalf of my group , that we are going to support the report by Mr Barros Moura .
We welcome this but we would also like to ask that Members have the possibility of putting down motions for a resolution to close the debate .
Pursuant to Rule 37 of the Rules of Procedure , I have received six motions for resolution to close the present debate .
I would like to remind you that the Raimon Obiols i Germà and Charles Tannock report will be put to the vote tomorrow morning , and that the texts submitted to close the debate on the Council and Commission statements will be put to the vote in Brussels on 29 November 2007 .
After this speech by the Commissioner , to whom we wish the best of luck , secure in the knowledge that he will do an excellent job , as he has done in the past , we close the debate .
Mrs Kinnock , the Commission did not ask to reply on the last item and that is why I closed the debate , precisely because there was no request to speak .
Miss Lynne would have asked that we be allowed to close the debate on the question of British beef with motions for a resolution from the various political groups .
I would like to make that proposal that the political groups be invited to submit motions for a resolution to close the debate on British beef .
I am going to close the debate .
Thank you , Mrs Green , but I have no way of closing this debate today while people are still asking for the floor .
Madam President , I would simply like to point out that on Wednesday , on the initiative of the President , we voted for an adjournment of the urgent debate on Zaire , but not for the debate to be closed .
What I have been hearing about the representative in Nicaragua is indicative that the project had not been properly closed down .
We should see this Commission as a college and while the individual commissioners must be held accountable , nevertheless we must take an objective view of what is going on and beware of either European party politics or international politics colouring our judgement .
However , you may not all have had time to digest their contents and I will , therefore , briefly summarise the main issues .
Can we really restore trust and generate inspiration among the voters if we continue to conduct our policies from one national election to another , finding in them a good excuse not to apply the common policies ?
It does not matter who you are or what excuse you think you have found for your perverse and nihilistic , violent ideology .
So we come to the situation of a vessel with a dangerous cargo finding its way into a port by manipulating these contradictions .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - Ladies and gentlemen , it is generally obvious that we need to find a way to resolve the crisis afflicting Europe and other parts of the world at the present time .
We have worked with the Czech Presidency on this matter , and I very much appreciate the support of the Presidency in our efforts to find a viable way forward .
It is our job , the job of politicians , not economists , to try to find ways - new ways and novel ways - of raising this particular issue .
Many of us have been involved in trying to find some way out of the planetary catastrophe that could ensue .
There is also a gap that we have yet to fill for people for whom no return to their country of origin is possible - for example , to Zimbabwe - and who are often left legally destitute , as it were , and , therefore , need to find a way to keep themselves alive .
So while we welcomed last night 's announcement from the American side of a six months delay , we are fundamentally opposed to this legislation in principle and we want to say that we think that the Americans , by bullying their allies , have not found the correct way forward .
We need to listen to that child as mothers do , and to help them find a way to reconcile home and work to the benefit of both .
We must keep trying to find a way through the maze .
But perhaps we could talk with you , Commissioner , and try to suggest ways forward with the associations that run hostels and similar activities internationally , and find a practical way forward so that parents can be sure of their children 's security when they send them abroad so that we have a quick practical solution to this problem rather than a theoretical one in the long term .
Open media can be intrusive and the problem with the Internet today is that we have to find a way of dealing with the various segments within which its operations take place .
I should like to give the Commissioner a hypothetical example : if a 62-year-old , registered blind official was working in an external office - in other words he is only three years from retirement - and he is comfortable in that office , can find his way around about it and there are no complaints about the quality of his work , would he think it a reasonable policy towards disabled people to consider compulsory transfer of that individual back to Brussels at that stage of his career ?
I would hope , too , that the European Commission will find some way of increasing the support to the programmes which will help children and young people as Romania begins in earnest its progress towards a closer relationship with the European Union .
Let us hope and pray that , for the sake of the American people as well as for the rest of the world , soon enough Mr Bush and his warmongering associates will also find their way out of office .
The main problem now is not food or medicaments but it is basically shelter and trying to find some ways of earning a living in the months to come .
Any restriction of the present legislation needs to be duly justified and proportionate ; the least intrusive way has to be found to serve this goal .
As I have said , we had to find ways not only to express tangibly the political will of all the institutions involved and the citizens , but also to do so in a legally sound way that would ensure that this will could face and withstand any challenges arising in the future .
We are just trying to find the best possible way to make it legally sound to be able to withstand any challenges before the court .
Anybody you speak to from the Palestinian area will tell you that it has always been the women and the children who have suffered most , but they have also been the most resilient in trying to find a way forward to challenge the failure to negotiate , the failure to respect and the failure to find a solution ; indeed , the failure of both Israel and Palestine to live up to their commitments , to agreements that they voluntarily signed up to , the failure of the United States of America and the European Union to live up to their commitments with regard to clear and open negotiations , the failure of other states bordering Israel and Palestine to take a more proactive and positive role with regard to , ultimately , achieving a two-state solution , which must be based on viability and equality .
I sincerely hope that the Commission finds another way forward to test the safety culture .
I hope that the Commissioner will find a way - because she is a very practical , competent and capable person - of ensuring that the rules will be applied properly .
Please ensure in the fifth framework programme that a way is found to help research into diabetes .
Among other things , we wanted to find a way to enable women to have the number of children that women said they wanted .
We will have to find many different ways - perhaps unexpected ways - of solving the logistical problems of getting assistance to the people who need it , but it is difficult to promise specific action on this one .
When the EU is once again in deadlock , we need to concentrate all our attention on finding a way to save the Treaty of Lisbon .
Could I ask whether the Commissioner would meet with Ms Morgan and myself specifically to try to find practical ways forward here .
Let us never lose sight of our common goal , and let us work together with the Arctic states and the international community to find the best and most effective way of preserving and protecting the Arctic for future generations .
We should find a way for negotiations to be very fair to everyone and not at the expense of the European agriculture sector .
Between 20 % and 40 % of global industrial wood production is estimated to come from illegal sources , and up to 20 % of that finds its way into the EU .
Drugs grown and produced in Afghanistan find their way to the streets of Europe .
The Commission is open to discuss with Parliament in order to find a way forward that addresses Parliament 's concerns .
However , an incentive to find a way out of this vicious circle would be if we had open reflection without taboos and where we could analyse not only spending , but also the revenue side of the European budget .
In the Commission , we are trying to find legal ways that respect the treaties to solve this problem , to protect data , and to try and enhance the Community pillar of this situation .
They contribute enormously to society and society must find a way to pay them back .
So that is why we have to find the right way to make them move .
The experience we gain from these initiatives will allow us to find even better and more efficient ways to collaborate at a European level , making full use of both national and Community research programmes .
While we are trying to find our way out of the crisis , we encourage creation of work , including that of independent workers .
One way of doing that has just been found , and that is to foster the participation of the citizens themselves in the democratic life of the Union .
Hopefully we can find a way to do that .
We are trying to find a way to mobilise and activate the different levels through which we can achieve the most efficient actions and the best possible course of events .
Ultimately of course only the Greeks themselves can sort out the problems of the Greek public sector debt and we wish them well in their efforts to find their way out of the crisis .
We also need to encourage innovation and research into alternative solutions and find ways around materials that European companies find too expensive .
We very much want to maintain close cooperation with the European Parliament as we pursue our common goals of gradually building up an EU Arctic policy and we must work together with the Arctic states and the international community to find the most effective way of preserving and protecting the Arctic for future generations .
As it is doing in the cases of Libya and Côte d'Ivoire , the EU must continue to find creative ways within existing rules to make sure that human rights violators can never escape accountability .
We believe we have to take practical steps : a comprehensive test ban treaty should come into force ; the fissile material cut-off ; support for peaceful uses of nuclear energy to find safe ways of making sure that we avoid proliferation - for example , the contributions we make to the nuclear fuel bank - and support for a very strong and effective IAEA .
Adequate financing remains a very big problem , and we need to find innovative ways to finance the bottlenecks .
I can also say that the French and the Czech Presidencies made efforts that were crucial to find a way to meet the concerns of the Irish people .
It is a process that started in Laeken many years ago and has involved different democratic bodies and discussions over the years to try to find a common way of taking decisions in a more modern , more democratic and efficient way .
Its economy is in a serious situation and it is clear that a way out of this crisis must be found .
Their economies are in a serious situation , and it is clear that a way out from this crisis must be found .
So the future is precisely as your question suggests , finding new ways and new technologies , namely the development of cleaner cars .
What I want to do is draw those two things together , to find a way in which we can enhance what we do , to support the work that is going on , to make the Quartet more effective , to bring together what has been , in a sense , the Council and Commission operating side by side , and to meld it into one so that what we do on the ground really makes a difference .
My argument is that if there is n't enough funding after inflation-only increases in Member State contributions , ways should be found to re-allocate budget lines to meet any shortfalls .
A practical example of cooperation between the Commission services is the ' Practical Guide to EU funding opportunities for research and innovation ' published in 2007 , which was conceived to help potential beneficiaries to find their way through the three funding Community instruments and provides policy makers with advice on coordinated access to those instruments .
But , even with all that cover , it can still find its way to the bottom of the pile and the leaflet that comes in the door is not put on display .
Until then , however , we have found a way which allows us to continue to enforce our own stricter requirements under the transitional period before we move , in line with other EU Member States , to the general regime .
We need to find a way to protect climate migrants , as they have to flee because we cause climate change .
I hope we will find a way to talk informally or in committee later on the proper formula .
So the issue is to find the right way of responding to two important needs : the need for freedom and respect of data protection , but also the need for security , because without security , there is no possibility of freedom .
This work is crucial for the establishment of a future state of Palestine and crucial to finding a way to a two-state solution .
We should also find a way to control what we are importing from other countries outside the EU , especially in some northern European ports .
The question is , can the European Union find a flexible way , through a joint action , of responding in a coordinated manner to any future situations that might arise where persons are temporarily in need of international protection ?
Finally , Ms Sargentini , I really wanted to find an inventive way of saying that correlation tables were extremely important .
Will you find an appropriate way to report back to Parliament on the responses given .
I am confident that the Heads of State and Government and the parliamentarians here in the European Parliament will look at it in the spirit in which it is designed : yes , it is something a little different , but something which can provide an example of Europe taking a fresh direction and finding new ways to work together .
Because of reform of the EU financial systems and reductions in structural funding and cohesion funding to certain countries under the Agenda 2000 reform package , it is essential that we find new ways of financing these very essential projects .
What assurances can the Council therefore give us that any produce that is sent from the European Union to Russia will in fact find its way to the actual people who need help ?
In addition , Israel must find more effective ways of reconciling its legitimate security concerns with the urgent need for genuine Palestinian development .
We strongly condemn it -- there is never any excuse for terrorism ; but at the same time we ask Turkey to try to find peaceful interlocutors , try to find a political way and invest in the social and economic development of the south-east .
We need to find a pragmatic way of moving forward to ensure that we get clarity and an assertion of the principle you have outlined here today : that when it comes to a conflict between the right of the citizen to public services and the market , that is set down in legislation .
We have to participate in those as fully as we are able and with all the contacts that we have in order to find a way forward , so that we can get on with distributing the tsunami aid properly and look to a peaceful future for all .
The European Union now has to find its own way forward .
Yet even injured and diseased animals which die on the farm are finding their way into rendering plants and the tallow from these animals is finding its way into the pharmaceutical industry , into the cosmetic industry and therefore into the food chain .
However , we need to play our part in finding ways to create fresh enthusiasm and acceptance for the roadmap as the way forward and , in this regard , the difficult task of engaging with Syria will be necessary .
We regret that the Framework Directive for Services of General Interest did not gain majority support : we do need to find a way to differentiate core essential services provided for the public good from the services we choose as individuals .
Therefore it is up to the parties involved to decide whether to keep this issue within the framework of the comprehensive settlement or to discuss it separately or to find a way to include it in both concepts .
Of course , it remains open to groups of MEPs to find other ways of working , this already happens and I would expect that process to continue and expand .
One hopes that eventually this poor developing country will gradually begin to find a decisive way to much-needed peace and prosperity , for the benefit of all its citizens .
If we could find some way not only of having a measure to take against former Commissioners who act in this way , but also against the companies who benefit from their knowledge , then I think that we might have two very powerful levers to use in future transgressions .
I know that coming up with a solution to this problem and implementing it is not at all easy , but somehow we must find a way whereby Member States can have the last word , after being fully informed , in clearly reasoned decisions to accept or not the transportation of nuclear material -- or any other hazardous material for that matter -- through their territory .
The best thing that we can do today in the European Parliament is to encourage Prime Minister Zapatero in his efforts to bring together what were previously irreconcilable peoples to find a common way forward in the Basque region .
In my view , Parliament 's contribution might have been to try to help find a way of combining protection of workers with a flexibility that enables Europe to retain its competitiveness .
Fighting them means finding creative ways to bridge the gap between security sector reform and development assistance .
My fear is that the Socialist-dominated governments of Europe are hell-bent on harmonising taxes , on raising tax levels and finding new ways of penalising industry and entrepreneurship .
However , we must find a way around the problems .
I would appeal to the Commission to soften the severity of these proposals and find a better way .
It is precisely because I agree that I believe this Parliament should use this occasion to signal to the Court of Auditors its intense disquiet at the fact that a document of substance of the sort prepared by the Court should , whether correct or incorrect in terms of its content , have found its way into Der Spiegel of 8 November .
We must find some way of having a dialogue between the institutions over the next 12 months to make sure that these reforms take place and that we have the right kind of criteria for making sure that we are getting value for money from the staff .
As a lawyer in private practice in the UK , I myself , have often wrestled with a pile of books to find the right rules and the right way to go forward for my clients in these circumstances .
I can envision with some confidence that key amendments regarding , in particular , references to the core values of the Community - democracy , the rule of law , respect for human rights ; the protection of the Community 's interests ; reinforced evaluation and reporting provisions for the specification of an indicative financial envelope for the period 2007-13 ; or the inclusion of the review clause - will find their way into the final text .
If I were to arrange a round table with the industry - with dealers and manufacturers - would you be willing to come along to it and discuss with them how we can find a way through the problem while , at the same time , resorting to competition instruments if we have to ?
Ultimately we will have to do that and get the institutional balance right and find a way forward .
It is now up to the oil industry and to the governments in the countries which have no contingency plan to find some way out to offer people who own these cars , either through the marketing of lead additives or through the marketing of re-formulated petrol .
The body will have to find a way to attain a politically significant text compatible with insertion into the Treaty .
I know that is covered by the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , but we must find a way of bringing together what we are doing in the Committee on Civil Liberties and the Subcommittee on Human Rights .
Of course , it is a long way ahead , so we need to find a quicker way of ensuring that the directive is implemented .
I hope that we will soon be able to draw conclusions from that and find the best way forward in preventing such incidents in the future .
We particularly welcome the Council 's invitation to the Commission to make proposals as to how new and creative ways can be found to support the fresh opportunities which the peace agreement will bring .
I know that the European Parliament shares the commitment of the European Commission to give full support to the work of the German Presidency to find the right way forward .
The Commission can take note of this and find other ways to give short-term humanitarian aid to both these countries .
At the moment , because of the bureaucracy and the procedures for application in some countries , the money is finding its way disproportionately into middle class and wealthy areas .
The first , to which the Commissioner has referred , is the way in which we have moved from a process of confrontation in the budgetary procedure to one more like codecision , as if , by magic , we are finding a way of blurring the distinction between obligatory and non-obligatory expenditure without having to go through a treaty revision to do so .
They are close to my heart too , so I can understand why other ideas have been floated to give form to these principles through other possible mechanisms .
The Commission has floated this idea of a high-level trade and environment meeting in Geneva in the autumn bringing together top-level policy-makers to push forward the debate on how to strengthen the CTE 's work .
The resolution floats the idea of a solidarity contribution on air tickets , but that should not be the only avenue , and like Mrs Kinnock I should like to suggest other possibilities .
But , frankly , I find it extraordinary that Mr Solana and Mr Blair and several others can float the idea of creating an executive committee formed out of the Council presidency without referring to the role of the European Commission .
The idea of a special Lebanon Summit within the Arab League framework has recently been floated .
The first is the creation of a European Monetary Fund , which is absolutely necessary and was an idea also floated by Mr Schäuble , the German Minister for Finance .
In this question we have also floated the idea of establishing a reserve compensation fund , but this must not be seen as a demand on our part or by the Commission .
I am just floating the idea .
Many ideas have been floated on a comprehensive approach to peace in the Middle East .
I noted with interest the ideas being floated on the possibility of supplying fishing vessels from the Commission , that is to say , European Union fleets to the fishing communities in the affected countries .
Equally , in relation to sheepmeat , important to European , and particularly Irish , farmers - badly managed arrangements with New Zealand mean there are no controls to prevent a deliberate New Zealand policy to flood the EU market at peak production periods .
But in micro-economic terms at the level of the salmon industry consider the implications of Norway , a state outside the Union which produces a massive surplus for export - and has the potential to produce much more in the immediate future - and floods our market to such an extent that the anti-dumping case when it is examined will hold .
It is a sensible solution allowing Member States to monitor and control the market and make sure it is not flooded .
It is paramount that these directories are given prominence in the UK market and are not expunged by allowing EU companies to flood the British market under the aegis of EU trade legislation .
This development should continue , and I know the Commission will continue to follow closely the Ombudsman 's activities and welcome his proposals .
Most importantly , we will have to further frame the international debate after 2012 .
Mr President , yes , I am indeed glad that the Commissioner has understood that we are calling for the drawing up of a Green Paper without delay in order to fuel a more in-depth debate on the Commission 's proposals .
Still unable to grasp the concept of the single market , such national authorities should be put to the test of Commissioner Monti 's single market scoreboard .
The Chinese seem unable to grasp the essential point , pointed out by Mr Watts and others , that it is not simply a money-making city ; its economic welfare depends on the wellbeing of its citizens , and that point has yet to be grasped .
We need a few days to grasp and to assess the situation in the Constitutional Court .
We can legislate against discrimination in the workplace , but we can not legislate against the pressures of juggling work , family life and managing a home .
I definitely do not want to lower expectations but I would be very careful not to raise expectations so high so that those who do not want the international negotiations to succeed could kill the process after Mexico if we do not achieve anything .
I think we should not kill the proposal , but it is obvious that there is no consensus at this stage .
I would also like to take the opportunity to refute the untrue allegation made by the Pakistan ambassador in Washington that the EU/EOM leaked an interim briefing report .
It is equally clear that Europe does not have the resources for a European defence identity : we can not mount a campaign without American and NATO support .
May I thank the Commission for that programme and Mrs Perez Latorre in particular for her help in mounting the exhibition .
It is normal practice , as Members of this House will recognize , for Council presidencies to mount an exhibition of a cultural , social or historical nature in the conference part of the Justus Lipsius building .
The UK will continue to pour increasing amounts of money into Brussels , yet the one area where some of that money is recouped - albeit very little - is the area the Commission are looking to axe .
No nation should be pouring taxpayers ' money into a corrupt system .
I want the Commissioner to ensure that whatever is brought in is unified throughout the European Union and is financed in a unified way so that no one Member State can pour in more money than another to support their particular industry .
Where the Pirker text puts the case for enforcement penalties for trafficking , pushing and consumption of synthetic drugs , the Greens seek to delete the reference to consumption .
It would encourage extremist forces and shake business confidence , and nothing would be achieved that can not be achieved by other means .
The tragic events that took place in New York , Washington and Pennsylvania on 11 September have undoubtedly further shaken economic confidence .
I can well understand why consumer confidence should be shaken at this moment .
I visited every capital , as the President kindly recalled , and everyone was listened to and helped to shape the outcome .
We need the Member States ; we need the European institutions ; we need stakeholders and society at large ; and we need specifically the active involvement and support of this Parliament , the European Parliament , for shaping this strategy and for communicating it to the people .
We are therefore trying to suck in the health workers from other countries in order to deal with our own problems .
I am confident that the new Northern Dimension policy , with its future shared ownership by the European Union , Russia , Norway and Iceland , will substantially benefit the Baltic Sea region because none of the challenges faced by the Baltic Sea can be tackled without genuine Russian involvement , just as none of the challenges faced by the Barents Sea can be dealt with without Russia and Norway .
I would just like to add that , on a personal level , this debate has reinforced my long-standing conviction that , to tackle global challenges , such as hunger in the world , volatility of food and raw material prices , turbulence on the financial markets , regulation of financial products and services , there is a need for much more global governance and more global rule-making .
I am convinced that if we set up this new comprehensive and holistic strategy , continuing the political , diplomatic and operational development strands of our engagement in the Sahel , we will give a new impetus to tackling the multiple threats and challenges that this region faces .
A gender-equal labour market is a precondition for boosting jobs and for tackling the demographic challenges .
Only together , in a more effective way , can the European Union tackle the challenges of the globalised world .
This is a positive development because we need to work jointly with Libya to tackle all the challenges that it faces in relation to migration .
The EU and the US are the world 's most integrated economies ; we are each other 's largest trade and investment partners ; we share common values and responsibilities for tackling global challenges on a variety of issues , be it innovation or environmental challenges , energy security or access to raw materials .
In the age of globalisation , even the biggest Member States do not have the means to tackle those challenges .
However , I am confident that the regulation that we present today tackles many of the challenges that we could imagine during the preparation of the regulation .
The Presidency needed the help of the European Parliament in tackling the challenges we were facing .
We intend to be ambitious and comprehensive in tackling all challenges .
The sports movement is looking for assistance from the European institutions to tackle the challenges posed by agents .
The analysis of the answers we receive will guide us in developing strategies at EU level to support the Member States in tackling these challenges .
The Commission has presented its view on the cause of the recent rise in food prices in the recent communication ' Tackling the challenge of rising food prices : directions for EU action ' .
Croatia has come a long way over recent years but important challenges still remain to be tackled .
The green paper on the TEN-T policy review addresses these challenges and proposes measures to tackle them at both the network planning and the project implementation stages .
I hope that I do not have to say any further farewells as regards Turkey in this Chamber and that we can move on and start tackling the major economic and other challenges of the European Union .
Aware of these challenges , the European Commission has a development policy geared to fight poverty , promote sustainable development and tackle political challenges in order to help foster stability .
I fully agree with you , and I am sure that , with your support and with that of the governments of the Member States , the new Commission will be able to tackle the challenges ahead .
I also feel , Mr President , a very strong sensation in this House that Europe should move on to be a stronger , bigger player in the world and to show resolve when it comes to the economy , the fight against unemployment , tackling the challenges of globalisation and the climate issue .
Investment in education , research and innovation has the potential to create more wealth and jobs than it costs , and investment in innovation will help us tackle the great challenges that society faces .
Then let us tackle the challenge of external representation which will be another major step forward once agreed and implemented .
I am sure that my colleagues , Mrs Malmström and Mrs Reding , will pay attention to how to tackle all these concerns , which have been raised both in this debate and in the structural dialogue they had with their respective committees .
The Commission can not accept this amendment , since it would reduce the flexibility needed by several Member States to tackle other pressing environmental concerns .
In order to tackle some of the concerns expressed by the European Parliament and the Member States - for instance , concerning security - several amendments have been made to the initial text .
Indeed , the international community should show commitment exceeding that shown to tackle the financial crisis .
Finally , we must continue to keep the focus on tackling the economic crisis .
The renewable energy resources that these countries have at their disposal are essential for their economic and social development , and allow them to move towards a state of energy independence , thus helping to tackle the global crisis .
Do we need more regulation to tackle the financial crisis ?
Key priorities , such as transparency and consumer protection , will be pursued , while a bank crisis framework will aim to prevent and tackle future crises .
Poverty reduction , the fight against climate change and tackling the financial crisis require additional revenue of several hundred billion euro .
The President of the European Commission has dramatically announced that democracy could disappear in Greece , Spain and Portugal unless urgent action is taken to tackle the debt crisis .
These proposals from representatives of the fisheries sector have been on the table for a long time and were designed to tackle the current economic and social crisis , which has been exacerbated by the steep rise in fuel costs .
It means partnership at all levels to tackle the greatest public needs and health inequalities most effectively , not least in the current process of enlargement of the Union , where a much-needed further Commission text is imminent .
The fact that the Irish presidency has highlighted the drugs issue and that all of the Members who spoke here this morning , nearly the majority , considered drugs a priority issue to be tackled by this presidency in an effective way gives carte blanche to the Irish presidency to go ahead and deal with this issue as they see fit .
Let me put on record that it is important that we tackle issues of real importance to people in Europe , not just the global issues , not just the grande politique , but real issues that affect real people 's lives .
Within these 12 key priorities , my colleagues and I will make sure that the issue you have raised is tackled satisfactorily and that the Commission makes no recommendation to start the accession talks unless questions , such as the one you raised , are dealt with satisfactorily .
Health budgets are notoriously overstretched , and there are far more important health issues to tackle than giving subsidies to big pharmaceutical firms .
We can do our best , but what we need from the Greek authorities is a clear show of unity , and a clear show of resolve to tackle the difficult issues in that country .
Mr President , I wish to thank the Commission for the vigour it has exercised in tackling this issue of salmon in Scotland .
I am voting for this own-initiative report since it tackles the current issues in the interminable debate on the ratings industry : specifically , the lack of competition , oligopolistic structures , and the lack of accountability and transparency , primarily as regards rating sovereign debt .
Basically , what I am saying is this : we need to tackle this issue head-on .
This issue can not be tackled appropriately by EU legislation alone , but needs to be discussed at a global level .
That issue must be tackled by this IGC .
I want to ask the President-in-Office to take up the hard option which in our view accompanies the opening conference and that is to begin the process of discussing the complex issue which was not concluded at Amsterdam and which the Luxembourg summit at least had the grace to admit must be tackled .
The future of the common agricultural policy and structural funds , together with the obvious need for a bigger budget in an enlarged Union , are all difficult political issues which should be tackled in parallel with the Intergovernmental Conference .
There is one extremely important issue that must be tackled in the framework of the new cooperation agreements and that is the issue of arms sales .
In a nutshell , the report fails really to tackle the issue and assembles bits and pieces alongside the present existing possibilities to put culture on the agenda both for the EU and between the EU and third countries .
It is also about our creativity , our coherence , taking seriously the interests of our partners and being ambitious as far as opening our trade market and tackling the mobility issue are concerned .
On 15 January , the government presented an ambitious stability programme intended to tackle these issues .
Let us hope , however , that the signature of the memorandum in Sharm el-Sheikh will reinvigorate the peace process and ensure that the outstanding issues on final status are tackled without great delay .
The DAPHNE programme helps in tackling this issue across the EU and those who fail to support this report today should be condemned .
The setting up of an agency specifically created to address all legal and illegal immigration would be highly instrumental in tackling these issues in a comprehensive and integrated manner .
The European Union must of course tackle these issues , including financial stability .
As the country prospers internationally , the gap between the rich and the poor within its borders is widening and I therefore support this report 's emphasis on tackling trade and development issues together .
And in a sense , it comes into building the different elements of what we do well - the work we do on state-building , on justice , on the rule of law , the work we do on development programmes , the work we do on tackling the issues of climate change , the work that we do on providing support to governments and to people - all of that is engineered to make us more secure , stable and prosperous but actually , by doing so , we are creating a more secure , stable and prosperous world .
Global issues such as terrorism and health threats could only be tackled through the multilateral international system , with the UN at its core .
In May 2006 , the Commission adopted a communication on decent work for all , which will be presented at the Commission Conference on Decent Work and Globalisation in December , where the issues will be tackled in a comprehensive framework .
This demonstrates that the subject is of a global nature and the Commission believes that the best way to tackle this issue is to find global and coordinated solutions .
As you have listened to the opinions here , you will agree with me that the most difficult issue we have to tackle is the issue of admissibility - how we can find a solution which would avoid the frustration of citizens , how we can protect EU values , and how we can keep this institute of the European Citizens ' Initiative serious and real .
I voted in favour of this motion for a resolution , because we must ensure that both practical and moral priority be given to tackling the issue of human trafficking and the way in which this trafficking is used as a resource in the labour market .
I would like to tackle some of the issues that were raised , in the couple of minutes I have been afforded .
What plans does the Presidency have to tackle this issue ?
The fifth question related to how the Commission is tackling the MIF issue for card payments .
Firstly , I would applaud the fact that at the G20 meeting , such important issues were tackled as sustainable economic growth , employment and potential climate change phenomena , which could threaten the habitability of our planet .
But before we have a true Community method to tackle these issues , we at least expect Member States to cooperate well among themselves .
Our strategic partnership is strong , and this permits us to tackle all issues , including the most sensitive ones .
It seems that there is a lack of political will on an EU level to provide adequate resources to tackle these issues in a fair manner .
It is only by unlocking people 's imaginations that we can tackle the major issues facing us today , such as climate change , social exclusion , demographic change and unemployment .
In particular , if it is to contribute effectively to the development of a single , competitive , energy market , the Agency needs more powers to tackle cross-border issues and encourage effective cooperation between transmission system operators ( TSOs ) and national regulatory authorities ( NRAs ) .
The priority issues to be tackled in the review are , therefore , the harmonisation and extension of the scope of the directive , further harmonisation and more predictability of the cap-setting and allocation process -- including consideration of competitiveness , more robust compliance and enforcement of the rules and the linking to trading schemes in third countries and increased involvement of developing countries .
We must ensure that any EU directive tackling this issue contains no loopholes and that it is satisfactorily implemented in all member states .
It is true , as you rightly pointed out , that China is still a major source of counterfeited cigarettes , so we have to work in close cooperation with them in order to tackle this issue .
There is also an instinctive sense that these issues can only be tackled effectively at European level .
It is for that reason that the Commission has suggested that the participation in the human rights consultations should be widened to include not only diplomats but also experts from line ministries and agencies responsible for tackling these issues on the ground .
The request for the Commission to draw up an action plan to define the issues to be tackled deserves careful consideration .
Does the Commission have any plans to enable , or indeed force , Member States to increase their checks at external EU borders , in order to tackle the issue of customs fraud ?
Our strategic partnership is strong , which permits us to tackle all issues , including the most sensitive ones .
Within the framework of its legislative proposal , the Commission will therefore include a biofuel sustainability scheme designed to ensure that the biofuel sector plays its part in tackling this issue .
Having such a strong strategic partnership would and does definitely permit us to tackle all issues , including the most sensitive ones .
But I agree that we need to be tackling this issue all the time , coming up with proposals and looking for new openings , because global trade will definitely benefit the global economy and this is what most of the world economy needs at this moment .
The meeting due to take place in Gaza tomorrow between President Abbas and Prime Minister Olmert has unfortunately been cancelled , but at least the leaders of the G8 will tomorrow be tackling the issue of the Palestine-Israeli conflict , as we did at the G8 Foreign Ministers ' meeting .
There are different systems in different Member States so we do not always agree on a common approach , but at least the first step will be taken and many issues like information for patients and other aspects of patients ' rights will be tackled through the healthcare initiative .
The Article 185 initiatives are playing a key role in tackling some of these key issues .
This package represents an opportunity for Europe to show itself at its best : tackling an issue of fundamental long-term importance ; using the European Union 's continental scale to best effect ; turning political consensus into practical action .
The third issue I wanted to tackle is China .
It is very important to tackle the issue of immigration , to manage migratory flows when we achieve the understanding and the cooperation of the countries of origin and transit .
Research institutes and scientists are waiting for rapid , coordinated action from the Commission and Council in order to tackle this issue , so as to allow them equal opportunities for participation in Framework Programmes .
I strongly believe that the EMA should not only act as a shield for consumers in relation to information on medicines , but when consumers are being blatantly overcharged for medicines and national governments are unable to tackle the issue , the EMA should have the ability to address the issue .
I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution on safe recycling of ships as I feel that it is vital for this issue to be tackled as an integral part of a ship 's lifecycle .
Concerning political dialogue , these agreements will aim to tackle a wide range of matters , such as climate change , energy , migration and the fight against drugs .
Of course , it would be possible to arrive at such a very generous interpretation of the Treaty , to allow the EU to tackle the matter .
Those specific points should be specifically tackled by the Commission .
We will tackle that point if there is still any hesitation to be overcome .
It is essential that we in Parliament and the Commission , keep our minds , and our ears and our eyes open , for new ways of tackling the unemployment problem .
It is all too easy to import a problem , but it is very difficult to tackle a problem once it is within our borders .
The URBAN initiative will allow for projects to be undertaken in these areas to tackle the ingrained problems of long-term unemployment and urban decay .
Such marketing makes it increasingly difficult for parents to encourage healthy eating : limits on such marketing are therefore imperative in tackling this problem .
Many Members here are being invited , as I am , to conferences , some organized by presidents-in-office , full of experienced rational experts who want a European contribution to international problems which can not be properly tackled at local or national levels .
EU Governments agreed to create a common area of justice to tackle the common problem of organised crime , especially drug smuggling and human trafficking .
I would only propose a European private company statute if the impact assessment clearly shows that this is the most appropriate instrument to tackle the problems SMEs face today and that the European private company form would be useful to them in expanding their activities and developing their businesses across borders .
We have to tackle both : the problem that was the European Year of Tourism and the systems that are quite inadequate in the Commission - witness the inadequacy with which the report of the Court of Auditors was dealt with .
If the terrible events of 22 December jolt those in a position of responsibility to take the actions required , not only to resolve the conflict , but also to tackle the underlying problems of poverty , deprivation and discrimination which lie behind the Zapatista revolt , the victims of Acteal will not have died in vain .
I have made my view clear in this Parliament that I believe the only way to tackle this serious problem , which faces us all , is at national level , and closer to the people .
Let them also tackle the problems of banking secrecy and tax havens which provide cover for money laundering .
Child obesity is a serious problem in Ireland and in Europe and this problem must be effectively tackled head-on .
We have to tackle the problem of space debris .
It is important that any new legislation in this area is based on sound evidence , not least to ensure that any future law brings forward specific and focused measures to tackle the problems .
Indeed it had been my wish , as Mr Ferber has said , to ensure as rapporteur that this problem was tackled within the directive .
We know the problems that the Member States have in their own waters , so it must be very difficult indeed for these other countries to be able to tackle these problems .
The Union must tackle the problem at its roots to truly improve human rights and economic conditions of people living in those countries .
I wholeheartedly welcome this sensible step to tackle one of the key problems hindering the potential boom in e-commerce across Europe , namely the difficulty in verifying the identity of users and consumers .
You might ask why we are considering using only a recommendation in order to tackle these problems .
Furthermore , as there is rightly widespread opposition to its introduction , emphasising its necessity is a dangerous diversion from tackling the real problems at hand .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Group of the European People 's Party calls on the Commission , and above all the Council , to ensure that this problem is tackled thoroughly , in political and practical terms - under the third chapter of the Barcelona Declaration , and more generally under the European Union 's third pillar - by introducing specific actions for the monitoring and assistance of clandestine immigrants and by negotiating specific measures concerning readmission .
Last June 150 countries adopted a global UN strategy to tackle the worldwide drug problem .
Cooperation to tackle this problem is imperative .
I call upon the Council of Ministers - who , of course , are not here - and also the Commission to remain strong and determined and tackle the problem .
I am very pleased that you are going to tackle it under the new programme on tourism but would the Commission not consider a study of what the extent of this problem might be and how it could be effectively tackled ?
So we have to wonder just how committed the Irish Government is to tackling the problem if it continues to support the Council 's very watered-down amendments .
The Association of European Airlines has gone so far as to intimate that a certain sense of complacency exists in some governments , particularly the British Government , about seriously tackling the problem of air congestion .
His proposals for tackling the problem of large by-catches in sprat fisheries by rigorous controls of landings and closure of fisheries when the by-catch limit is reached are also positive ways forward to ensure the survival and revival of herring stocks .
I would also like to take the opportunity to appeal to you to tackle the real problem that agriculture is facing throughout Europe , and certainly within the United Kingdom , and the problem of the strong pound sterling in its relation to the green pound .
We will also be updating the global approach on migration in the run-up to the December European Council and working to tackle the problem at source in the Euro-African Conference on Migration and Development next month .
But it is clear that if we are to tackle the problem , we need , as Mr Gargani has said - and I think my group would also underline - to move towards a binding European certificate of inheritance .
An early warning system will , we hope , help in the short term but if that was the solution then there would be no need for the long-term computerized way of tackling the problem .
I suspect , Mr President-in-Office , that we lack courage to tackle this major problem .
Through the use of clear labelling , individuals are beginning to realise that they are able to play their part in tackling the problem of international poverty .
The subcontinent of India has enormous potential but , as has been pointed out , many problems and tensions to be tackled particularly in its relationships with its immediate neighbours .
What better way of doing that than engaging the best brains in Europe on behalf of the people to tackle the problems which worry the people ?
For that , either you would need a bilateral agreement with Japan to ensure that they would also apply competition rules in a normal way to open up the markets ; or else we could think what might be done in a broader framework like the World Trade Organization , but specifically designed to tackle competition issues and competition problems .
We therefore need to take a holistic approach in tackling this problem , including involving our major partners .
Parliament will continue to demand of the other European institutions that action is taken , that an international effort is made to tackle what is clearly a global problem .
Of course , sometimes you have cases with which there are additional problems which need more energy to tackle , and this was clearly true of the case to which most of you have referred .
I believe that the islands ' main problems can be tackled more effectively with , for example , horizontal instruments .
The green paper on consumer collective redress proposed various ways of tackling this problem .
And I would like the European Parliament to identify clearly which internal market problems it wants to be tackled with such a directive .
When it comes to developing an interactive handbook to help citizens identify the most appropriate forum for solving their problems , I firmly believe that this excellent new website tackles the problem .
While free movement facilitates trafficking in terms of the removal of border controls , on the other hand , one would imagine that increased police cooperation should be in a position to tackle the problem .
The integrated surveillance mechanism , together with the willingness of the authorities to tackle the problems , is the guardian of a successful implementation of fiscal consolidation measures and structural reforms that will put Greece back on a sustainable path .
We will develop a clear and coherent policy response to tackle this problem in Europe .
The Commission adopted a two-tier approach to tackle these problems : infringement procedures to address incorrect implementation of the rules , and changes to the rules when they were not clear or precise enough .
It also highlights the issues of equality and corruption which need to be tackled within Montenegro and calls for measures to be taken to tackle these problems .
This is also about the political will to tackle tough problems .
So this is where we are in developing a coherent policy response to tackle this huge problem : my link is concrete actions in areas where there are clear legal bases in order to have efficiency , and in this regard , I am going to present a victims ' rights package in May this year in which legislation to help women and children will , of course , be very high on the agenda .
I have to say that talking is no longer enough : it is action we need on global stocks and volatility in the market , and until you start to tackle that problem , you will not solve the problem .
We welcome that because we , the United States , need strong allies and alliances to help us tackle the problems of the 21st century , many which are the same - but so many are different - than the last century .
That is why I think politicians who tackle these problems in a responsible and politically subtle manner are ' cool ' politicians , as are those of us who will vote for Mr Gahler 's report today .
The European Union immediately mobilised resources to tackle the most pressing problems .
The EU and its Member States have been contributing for several years to tackling the development and the security problems in individual Sahel countries , but threats to security transcend national borders and the only possible , the only effective response is a regional and comprehensive one .
Closer cross-border regulation , monitoring and minimum harmonised standards for agents ' contracts would contribute to tackling this problem and are necessary to ensure the integrity of football .
In any case , I must say that I very much hope that the adoption and implementation of the programme will lead to a more favourable climate for tackling Ireland 's financial and economic problems .
By doing more on energy saving , we are also tackling the very practical problems that people face in their lives .
Will it make appropriate representations to the Albanian Government to tackle this problem ?
The current proposal is a breakthrough because it puts victims first and tackles the problem in a complex , cross-border manner .
Measures such as this are crucial in order to give authorities the tools and common purpose they need to tackle this Europe-wide problem .
I ask the Commission to bring forward further programmes along these lines to tackle this life-threatening problem that faces all of Europe .
This should provide , for example , for the establishment of a European coastguard service to tackle the drugs problem , which is a dreadful blight on all our communities .
I said earlier in response to another debate in the House on the common foreign and security policy area that I believe that we need to do much more as a region in a coordinated way to tackle this problem .
I therefore welcome this report , which should go some way to tackling this problem .
Furthermore , regional operating aid is certainly not the best instrument to tackle the local problems of islands .
Otherwise we will be going round in circles without tackling the real problem .
I would like to pay tribute to Jan Mulder for the way in which he tackled these problems .
As I mentioned in my opening remarks , the islands ' main problems can be tackled more effectively with horizontal instruments .
I would urge the Council to instruct the Commission at Amsterdam , once we have the chapter on employment and once we have a pact that balances stability with growth , to come forward with a new model of development that ensures that we can tackle the unemployment problem and social exclusion and to try to help make this a Europe worthy of our citizens .
Do you not think it is time , given the state of the debate on economic and monetary union and the very clear shift of public opinion in Europe now , to rebalance economic and monetary union so that we can prove to the citizens of the European Union that we can have , on the one hand , a successful economic and monetary union and on the other hand , that we can tackle the problem of unemployment ?
It is high time that this problems was tackled much more efficiently than we have been able to do so far .
Those of us with a background in education are absolutely convinced that education is the key to overcoming ignorance and , in turn , to tackling the real problems of racism and nationalism , which , if unchecked will be a serious problem to the European Union .
I want to confirm the positive spirit in which the Commission tries to tackle this kind of problem .
That is why learning from each other across the 27 Member States , sharing best practice and finding common solutions can help us tackle the growing problem .
With regard to state aid , it may be that regional investment aid is not the best instrument to tackle local problems in islands .
To tackle the pollution problems caused by these dangerous substances the Commission has proposed or adopted more than 30 Community acts since the Water Framework Directive was agreed .
That is why we need concerted action at European level : a common economic policy , particularly in the field of public investment , so that we can boost growth rates and tackle the unemployment problem .
The EU can export energy-efficient , clean technology and China can make a contribution to tackling its environmental problems .
Subject : Attempts to tackle the problem of BSE
I do not agree with the British Prime Minister 's view that this problem should be tackled at national level .
To agree with Mrs Jackson , I find that one of the areas missing here is the cost to the citizen of these policies : we need to ensure that Member States tackle this problem in parallel to getting quality right .
For these reasons , the Commission has proposed an emergency package of measures to tackle the immediate social and economic hardship triggered by the dramatic rise in the price of oil , while also tackling the underlying structural problems of the European fleet .
We can say what the producers should produce , but this is not exactly how the Commission should tackle the problem .
Cool too is the British Government and CBI view of another central proposal of the Commission document , to tackle the problem of late payments which so besmirches Europe 's and the UK 's business environment , propelling small firms into insolvency , because the Michael Heseltine view of the acceptability of stringing creditors along still prevails .
While we have a duty to tackle this problem within EU waters , ultimately this a problem which requires international action .
After the war he was a long-serving member of Liverpool City Council and devoted himself to tackling the problems of housing in that city .
If we truly believe in diversification and changing from defenceorientated production to civilian production , then we must tackle this problem .
These measures show the determination of the Greek Government to tackle their structural problems .
I should like to make clear that my group is going to propose an amendment deleting the detail of how the Commission should tackle this question .
Concerning the question to the Commission on the implementation of the EU-Russia visa facilitation agreement that I tabled on behalf of the ALDE Group , I wanted to learn what progress has been made so far and whether we are , at the moment , in a position to expect a breakthrough in tackling technical questions such as the requirement for EU citizens to register with the authorities within three days if staying in a private home in Russia .
If we can make progress on the Statute , then we can tackle the thorny question of our own expenses .
Once again , the directive adopted by the Commission last December , implementing the Market Abuse Directive as regards disclosure of conflicts of interest , could be a good starting point to tackle this question .
A strategy paper will draw on the results of this debate and tackle fundamental questions about the future of Europe .
Therefore , the second amendment tackles this whole question of the ill-fitting caps and , sometimes , no caps at all .
Many who are involved or who have a knowledge of the circumstances recognize that there really has to be the kind of dialogue that tackles simultaneously the various political and economic questions so that there are steps forward as part of a package to which all the parties are committed .
This means measures fail totally to tackle the whole question of animal suffering .
I also deplore their attitude towards the Rational Planning Directive which is a piece of legislation which would allow us seriously to tackle the question of energy efficiency in the distribution sector .
Mr President , I congratulate the rapporteur on tackling the very important question of managing risk and crises in the agricultural sector , and taking the situation of the new Member States into account too .
Therefore , I would ask the Member to hand me the questions he would like to ask the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights to tackle and I will see what can be done in a positive way .
But there are also questions of society which go very deep and which we have to tackle with the help of women 's organisations , with the help of the Ministers in the Member States , with the help of national laws , with the help of European laws , and there is , of course , the terrible question of violence against women .
Let us try to tackle this question on non-compliant parties .
This situation has to be tackled because taxes on the peasants have increased dramatically over recent times because of the need to modernise .
It is time to tackle the underlying poverty situation in Haiti once and for all .
Secondly , Parliament 's report makes a convincing case for the need to adopt a holistic approach to tackling the socio-economic situation of the Roma .
This is a task that must be tackled in tandem with the institutions .
No one who has read the report can be left with any doubt as to the seriousness with which the task has been tackled .
These are massive tasks which the EU seeks to tackle in its proposed action plan .
This Treaty does not have to be decided on until the end of 2002 , yet the Irish Government is pressurising the Irish people to vote , although they have only had approximately three weeks to digest the minimum information provided to them .
We now have a new and more effective framework to tackle human rights questions : the neighbourhood policy .
However , one needs to underline that if we really want to tackle the question of security on board aircraft then cost considerations can only be secondary .
But there are also questions of society which go very deep and which we have to tackle with the help of women 's organisations , with the help of the Ministers in the Member States , with the help of national laws , with the help of European laws , and there is , of course , the terrible question of violence against women .
Concerning the question to the Commission on the implementation of the EU-Russia visa facilitation agreement that I tabled on behalf of the ALDE Group , I wanted to learn what progress has been made so far and whether we are , at the moment , in a position to expect a breakthrough in tackling technical questions such as the requirement for EU citizens to register with the authorities within three days if staying in a private home in Russia .
So it was a competition case and this case showed the Americans that they could not tackle this kind of question through the instruments of the World Trade Organization .
My own view as a former development minister is that these issues should be mainstreamed themselves and tackled at the heart of training and not turned into a sort of optional add-on .
We have to find some way of putting pressure on such countries to do just that so we can reconnect with our citizens .
With eight out of ten people in Europe living in urban areas , it is right that we help our most deprived communities to tackle the all too familiar problems of deprivation , social exclusion , joblessness , crime , drug dependency and all the problems that are associated with that .
Instead , communities in urban areas should be encouraged to present integrated action plans to tackle their specific urban problems , using EU resources as a value added to local actions .
We need to deploy the energies of the unemployed , the underused skills of youth and the experience of age to tackle these problems .
It is extremely important both for the producer and the consumer that we restore confidence and the only way we can do it is by rigorously tackling the problem and resolving it .
The broad principles are surely ones we should be able to accept - the broad principles that we wish to reduce hazardous waste leaking into the groundwater , the broad principles that we should be aiming to ensure that chemicals , which we all need in society in all circumstances , should not be finding their way into our water system .
It is absolutely crucial that we tackle the coherence issue in a realistic and pragmatic way , which means holding the debate in the appropriate institutional framework , that is , the Council and Parliament .
The reason she can not do so is because , as some honourable Members have pointed out , she is in Hungary and Romania to see for herself the extent of the damage and how best we can help the Hungarian and Romanian authorities to tackle the crisis .
I also commend the work of the rapporteur , whose commitment reflects the strength of feeling within our committee to tackling this particular problem and a strong desire amongst parliamentarians of all parties to call a halt to this environmentally disastrous practice .
My amendment calls upon the Commission to monitor the Member States to see that they carry out the necessary inspections set out in these regulations , because if we are to mount a successful campaign to contain and eradicate tuberculosis and brucellosis , then the proper implementation of these regulations will be essential .
Business-to-consumer communications are particularly important for the elderly , the housebound and for those with family responsibilities who are finding it difficult to juggle work and career , overwhelmingly women .
Verification is another matter that needs to be tackled with Member States , because they are guilty as well .
The background to this is from our point of view continued prevarication on the part of the United States ' administration whose attitude has , in the past , given us insufficient guarantees that they are willing to negotiate seriously through ICAO to find a way out of our difficulties .
It is only by joint across-the-board action that we can tackle this issue , not least by agreeing to extra-territorial application of criminal laws .
The disincentive of high capital costs of connection to the grid from remote renewable sites and the prevention of transmission penalties are other issues which the directive should tackle .
It is important that we find a new way of doing it .
All those who have endeavoured to tackle the problem of the European economy so far have done so within the context of the old economy .
It was possible for the EU to tackle politically sensitive issues , such as good governance and human rights , with African leaders at the summit .
I must strongly support the rapporteur and his suggestions that the Commission should be tackling the issues of major topics , such as the importance and the overall impact of the programme in relation to the agreed objectives rather than individual programmes .
I very much hope that the Socialist Group will change their mind , get their heads out of the sand and realise that this is the problem which we have to tackle and that it is better to do it now rather than later .
We have been able to tackle the problem of the possibility of maternal transmission by also taking out those animals that might be at risk because of their ancestry .
I can say that we have left no stone unturned in tackling this problem , including the removal of entire herds where an infected animal has in fact been diagnosed .
I hope that is a problem which we will be able to tackle .
However my principal concern at the moment is not how we get from A to Z - that often seems rather easier than getting from A to B . What we have to do - whatever the long term objective may be is - to find better ways of managing our external assistance straightaway .
I very much hope , Commissioner , that we will disseminate this kind of information in Zimbabwe because those people trying to mount an opposition campaign will be heartened by the kind of information that we have had from you today and I think that would be important .
Mrs Karamanou ' s report has clearly demonstrated that the subject of readmission rules between European Union Member States , although a very technical and specific issue , touches upon some very sensitive policy issues that simply need more thorough reflection and preparation before they are again tackled by the Union .
We need to tackle this issue urgently and swiftly but in a coherent way .
We also need to find other permissible ways of reducing the costs associated with transport to island and outlying communities .
It is that problem that this particular proposal aims to tackle .
If there are no further interventions , this debate is closed and we shall continue the debate on human cloning .
Can we not get together and find a way of dealing with stem research without experimenting directly on human beings ?
If the budgetary authority agrees , a number of these posts could be allocated to tackle the kind of problems which we are discussing today .
The Commission 's communication focused on the policy strategy to tackle this important problem .
The issue of Fiji is important , not only in its own right , but because it will set a precedent as to whether semi-clandestine coups-in-waiting along similar lines will see the light of day and whether Europe and the rest of the developed world is prepared to tackle the issue of indigenous rights - the Third World 's variant of the racism that is threatening us all .
There can be no reason why Member States , acting in a uniform way , would necessarily be able to tackle this problem more effectively than individual Member States and , above all , there can be no reason for taking such a close interest in ordinary aspects of people ' s working lives .
It needs a fundamental legal framework with innovative , non-legislative solutions and that is why I support Mrs Wallis ' proposals : looking at the potential of ADR systems , looking at trustmarks , supporting small businesses in voluntary codes of good conduct , and finding mutually satisfactory ways to solve disputes .
It is a sensible position in helping us to work with business and consumers that we can ensure that court action is only the last resort and we can find better ways to resolve disputes .
The shared aim of all of us is to try to find a balanced way of protecting consumers and shielding SMEs from differing Member State jurisdictions .
Can we try to find some way of conveying our views to the Russian Government and sorting out this question of freedom of the press and expression which bedevils relations between the Russian Federation and the European Union ?
We have to find a way of simplifying things for citizens themselves and for the administrators of these systems .
In our efforts to tackle the health and environmental situation in the Balkans , the Commission has established a twin-track approach .
I ask Commissioner Patten in closing the debate , first to assure us that the facility will be utilised in response to crises world-wide in support of the EU 's development goals and not just in Europe 's own backyard .
We must tackle that particular problem .
I hope Mr Costa 's work , his report and the conclusions we will reach tomorrow will provide a framework within which we can begin to tackle these problems .
I commend Mr Costa 's report , his work and , above all , his ability to bring us all together in a single common objective of trying to tackle the transport crisis .
Algeria must also find a way of addressing the past crimes of terrorists who have renounced violence .
In due course we also need to tackle the issue of agricultural trade .
Emphasis will also be put on tackling a series of structural problems in the country and , in particular , political , social and economic reforms .
That is an excellent answer with which to close this debate .
Illegal immigration and human trafficking is a key issue for the European Union , and we must work together to tackle this challenge .
Agents will still find a way of getting round that .
We need further assurances and guarantees on transparency and market consultation and on democratic oversight , but I hope we and the other two European Union institutions can find a way to make these proposals work .
The result has undermined both the country-of-origin principle and the principle of the single passport , because operators still face multiple , overlapping and sometimes conflicting sets of rules when they trade across the European Union - just the problem which the ISD was supposed to tackle .
Important landmarks are : the agreement to close non-upgradeable units in Lithuania , Slovakia and Bulgaria ; the support that the programme has given to the nuclear regulators ; the short-term urgent safety improvements made to some reactors ; the design and operational improvements in upgradeable reactors and also considerable assistance to tackle the problems related to radioactive waste and spent fuel .
The security issues will also be tackled in the upcoming communication on security of electronic networks that should be presented in time for the Gothenburg European Council .
So it can help break the cycle of poverty and unemployment .
Of course , we can find other ways of cooperation .
Our common future depends on finding an effective way to ensure integration and sustainability .
We have proposed the use of thematic strategies for defining the set of measures that will be needed to tackle six complex and multi-dimensional problems .
The European Union will seek to protect natural resources that lie at the root of economic development , to strive for the promotion of eco-efficiency , promote the sustainable use of water land and energy as well as try and ensure that the vicious cycle of poverty and environmental degradation is broken .
The European Union will seek to protect natural resources that lie at the root of economic development , to strive for the promotion of eco-efficiency , promote the sustainable use of water land and energy as well as try and ensure that the vicious cycle of poverty and unenvironmental degradation is broken .
What strikes me is the sheer naivety of both the Commission and the Council in tackling such a highly political issue as if it were nothing more than a technical decision .
Other points the House makes concerning , for example , mission statements , redeployment , new delegations , monitoring and evaluation will be tackled in the communication on the development of the external service , which we will be bringing forward shortly .
It is very timely , therefore , that this summit will be addressing key environmental issues which need to be tackled , both within the Union and in a more global context .
The joint debate is closed and that concludes the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
It is incumbent upon us to find a better way rather than witness the senseless slaughter we have recently seen .
If we are replacing or enhancing our legal system and access to justice , these issues are key to civil society and they can not and must not be tackled without the input of democratically elected Members .
And secondly , to acquire the technology to break the cycle of dependency on us and seize the opportunity to be self-sufficient , self-reliant through their own local enterprise .
We very much appreciate the work of the Dutch Minister , Mr Pronk , in seeking to find a way to solve the unresolved issues left over from The Hague , and we would appreciate it if the Commission could give us its view on how successful he has been to date and whether or not the work he has done has now cleared the way forward .
Secondly , we must give them the appropriate technology - third world technology - which they can then use to start local enterprises to break this cycle of dependency on us .
Until we find a way of encouraging all the Member States to do this , there is no point in one Member State doing it , there is no point in two or even three , four or five Member States : it has to be right across the board of all Member States or else you will end up with massive recriminations between Member States as to who is doing what .
As I have already said , in the interests of greater transparency the Commission is now publishing its decisions to send letters of formal notice , to issue reasoned opinions , to refer cases to the Court or to close or withdraw cases immediately a decision has been taken .
These inquiries are now very close to completion whereupon a decision will be taken , either to close the case or to launch formal infringement proceedings under Article 226 .
We are following very closely every activity there .
The decision of Member States to make the Union an area of freedom , security and justice should provide a basis for urgency in tackling a growing terrorist challenge .
Those are the critical issues we have to tackle .
Therefore the Commission should give particular attention to ways of tackling this unacceptable situation for women in Europe .
Mr President , European policy that tackles environmental problems is justified since air and water pollution are issues which extend across our national borders .
This marks a first step in tackling the issue .
The problem we are discussing here today and the challenges it involves tell us that Europe now needs to get organised and find a way of achieving what the world needs to achieve .
We have to find a way of strengthening the ability of all the European institutions to carry on taking a leading role in international human rights and anti-discrimination work .
Commissioner , the European Union is facing several major challenges , which it will have to meet as quickly as possible if it wants to mount an effective , coherent and long-term campaign against terrorism , with particular reference to breaking up the terrorist networks .
The US Federal Reserve has now dropped the federal funds rate to 2.5 % - a 39-year low .
His call for the EU to devote 10 % of our development aid to tackling this problem , his emphasis on preventative action with the 15-24 year-old age group in relation to AIDS , and his proposal for a global fund for infectious diseases and the establishment of an EU research agency should be the cornerstone of any new EU policy in this area .
We acknowledge that there are human rights problems in that country to be tackled , but we welcome its partnership in the fight against terrorism .
The Commission has been implementing measures since May of last year to tackle this problem .
By giving those setting up the teams the discretion to determine their composition and to express objections when necessary , it seems to me that this point has been tackled very effectively .
It is a question of finding the best possible way to alleviate the effects of what I believe to be , if you pardon the expression , the chronicle of a death foretold .
Perhaps we are finding a way of having a more civilised relationship with the NGOs than was evident in Seattle and Genoa ?
We have been to the fore with in bringing forward innovative programmes tackling common diseases such as cancer , biological hazards , risks to food and food safety , and also the ongoing problems of BSE and foot-and-mouth disease .
Mr Lagendijk and Mrs Morgantini and others spoke about the moving speeches that we had heard this morning about the sacrifice of the next generation because the present generation can not find a way of living peacefully together .
We clearly state that under no circumstances should the Palestinian Authority or its presidency be harmed or targeted if a way out of this crisis is to be found .
Mr President , I understand that the debate is closed , but I am here and I am ready to continue .
I can only hope that the Commission and the Spanish presidency acting together will begin to tackle this very important matter in the months ahead .
In a broader framework , it is crucial to ensure a swift ratification and a coordinated implementation of the UN Palermo Convention against transnational organised crime and its two protocols on trafficking and smuggling , which now form the basis for a global recognition of the problem and a stronger approach to tackle it .
This has given rise to frustration , but Commissioner Nielson is tackling these problems with some vigour .
More damage to the environment will probably be done and we have to find a way , without being culturally imperialist about it , to ensure that rapid economic development in the countries of eastern and central Europe does not damage the environment , particularly the natural environment , in the new Member States .
The British government made a similar declaration in June 1999 hoping that a way could be found to get agreement on the inclusion of terrorist acts in the future .
This means , in Barcelona , agreeing important economic reforms , finding the way towards reform of the common agricultural policy , and moving towards reforms of our institutions .
We all accept the need to support farming in rural communities , but we have to find different crops and different ways of supporting them in the future .
It is very difficult to find a subject which does not fall under those three but , in the light of the way in which this has been prepared , we in this House and our committees will find the right way in debates to put forward where we think the priorities lie .
Let me briefly recall why we are tackling the specific problem of electrical and electronic waste .
Not radically tackling the language issue now will only get worse after enlargement when there are 40 million Polish speakers who also want their language to be given the same priority as , say , Italian or Spanish .
So it is quite an important question to try and find a way of dealing with the whole market in a way that is sensitive to both sources of production .
Our ongoing efforts will be particularly important because the future convergence of the media - television , computers , the Internet - will mean that we will have to find new ways to really guarantee that young people and human dignity will be protected .
The Commission is finalising a draft regulation on official feed and food controls , in which the issue of sanctions will be tackled .
Albania needs to ensure long-term political stability as a sine qua non to tackle the difficult challenges ahead .
That in turn leads to low-income countries , which leads to malnutrition , and that is the cycle we want to break .
And , in the meantime , consumers across the European Union will have to pay , as they have always done , and as they will continue to do unless we tackle the issue of the cartel .
Everybody will agree that political violence should be overcome by political means but could the rapporteur tell me how I , as an individual Member , can put this internal European Union question on to the agenda of this House to tackle this urgent and important issue ?
The issue of human rights and missing persons was tackled , but unfortunately , taking into account the brevity of the meeting , too briefly .
Sooner or later , we have to tackle , within this general issue of allergies and labelling , the issue of a special interest which has always stood in the way of accurate labelling of some products and of applying the same provisions to all products .
While we understand and appreciate that many issues we tackle over the next few months will be very difficult , please do not let us delay .
We must face up to the huge number of farmers in these enlargement states and we must find some way of helping them to restructure their agriculture as and when they come into Europe .
But - and this is a crucial issue she did not mention - it allows the industry , and everyone else involved , to tackle the issue on a broad front because we know that simply making the front end of cars more resilient in the event of a crash is a second option .
It is very clear that the problem of illegal immigration in Europe is one that needs to be tackled and I welcome the agreement reached by our leaders to intensify their coordinating efforts at sea and land borders to halt illegal immigration into the Union .
However , it has to be recognised that the factors which contributed to shaping this outcome could not be controlled by the ECB .
We must be serious when we say we must find a way of solving that .
In the years when I had something to do with this in an academic capacity , it was notorious that it was extremely difficult within the sociology of law to find reliable ways of assessing the impact of legislation which was in force .
We strongly believe that multilateral arrangements and conventions , the UN , the G8 , the OSCE and others are the key to tackling the security , development and environmental problems which confront the world .
In the EU , we know how much more we can achieve by pooling our resources and setting common standards and by tackling together environmental problems which have cross-border implications .
Openness about those problems and the measures taken to tackle them will make us better able to reassure the doubters .
After the successful conclusion of the Kyoto conference in Bonn , the Commissioner told the press that we could now tell our grandchildren that we did something to tackle the problem of climate change .
So both are issues we must try to tackle at the same time .
The European Union must demonstrate that it can achieve the same vision , imagination and commitment by significantly raising its own financial contribution and offering real European leadership in tackling the most devastating global challenge of our times .
As regards benchmarking , you are right that perhaps we could find a better way to enforce the procedure .
As Mr Pérez Álvarez has pointed out this evening , the issue was also tackled in the framework of the directive on temporary and mobile work sites , but in a fairly limited way .
Why have we not identified the country-specific problems , so that we can focus our aid on attacking the causes of poverty ?
Iran needs to understand that Europe is extending the hand of friendship and that ways can be found to live together without Iran losing either its identity or its opposition to the worst of Western values .
Could the Commissioner tell us how that issue is going to be tackled ?
The Commissioner 's powerful leadership has accepted no obstacle that would delay enlargement and he and his team have successfully tackled and overcome immense and daunting problems and have brought us to the happy position we enjoy today .
To this I would like to say that CESAR is a new organisation which needs time to develop itself and to find a proper way of acting .
We have been actively pursuing these cases and therefore four out of the nine cases presented in the report have already been successfully closed .
Instead , we need to tackle these matters as individual states and take tougher measures to discourage traffickers and bogus asylum seekers .
I am very pleased that the European Parliament supports this approach , even though we have yet to find a satisfactory way of involving Parliament more in the open method of coordination .
I hope that the Commission will look at that and find a way of engaging them more coherently in EU activities .
We can learn how the United States tackles this problem , in relation not only to prevention - it saves some USD 6 billion per year by preventing incidents like this - but to its response when incidents do happen .
In short , we have gone a very long way to find creative ways to improve Kosovo 's economic situation and we will continue to do so .
So we need to find a sustainable way of keeping people active and healthy for as long as possible .
We have a moral obligation to create permanent peace and stability , tackle the problem of the warlords , improve human rights , especially , as other speakers have pointed out , women 's rights , and establish real democracy in Afghanistan .
The agreement provides an additional forum for tackling these concerns .
If those issues are tackled , aquaculture can provide , as I said earlier , a good source of good food for our population as well as creating jobs .
In South Korea , the election of Kim Dae-jung as president in the late 1990s meant that the economic crisis there was tackled effectively and also resulted in efforts to implement the sunshine policy of trying to achieve normalisation of relations with North Korea .
It should also tackle the important issue of the abolition of the death penalty , and again , we call on the EU to sponsor a resolution inviting all states to introduce a moratorium on executions with a view to the total abolition of the death penalty , and we reiterate our request to the US , China , Saudi Arabia , Congo , Iran and other states to immediately end all executions .
We have a moral obligation to support the effort of finding the way to provide urgently needed medicines to people in developing countries .
Immigration numbers are one of our citizens ' priorities , and one of the areas where they clearly expect us to tackle the problem at European level .
The attempts that have been made at European level to tackle this problem are inadequate .
There are certainly many people who believe that qualified majority voting and codecision procedures should be used to tackle immigration issues .
The White Paper proposes to tackle this situation by gradually breaking the link between transport growth and economic growth or an increase in GDP , while recognising that economic growth will generate greater needs for mobility .
They have our sympathy and support in tackling the many problems they face : pollutants , locusts and AIDS , to name but three .
The perpetrators of these crimes have never been apprehended , and many cases have simply been closed .
A number of Member States could only accept any sort of agreement if the issue of residence taxation of pension payouts versus source taxation was also tackled .
Having created an unnecessary and artificial military divide , the EU and NATO have had to spend two years on negotiating and arrangements to enable the European Union and NATO to find a way of working together .
That industry is starting to reconfigure and to work together with support from the British Government , using European funds , to tackle these issues .
So clearly , a significant amount of work is required to be done to tackle these problems .
We believe that the piecemeal approach to tackling fraud within the EU has been insufficient , and , whilst agreeing with the establishment of Eurojust , OLAF , strengthening the Court of Auditors and fraud-proofing legislation , we do not believe that these measures will tackle the problem of prosecution of EU fraud .
We also tackled the issues of Members ' expenses and payment of the pensions .
Mr President , on behalf of the PSE Group I welcome this proposal and many of the amendments tabled by colleagues , and those tabled by the rapporteur who has already worked very hard to find a sensible way forward on this .
We must find a way to stop that .
We negotiated this in Johannesburg and we are now trying to tackle the problem .
I hope that we can find a way of making it legally valid .
In concluding , it seems to me that we need a long-term European strategy to know what we want before we can shape a transatlantic strategy and think on similar terms with the Americans .
In addition there is a need to ensure that research develops products which tackle health requirements as distinct from lifestyle issues .
Mr President , I should like to congratulate Mr van den Bos on his report , but may I state quite categorically that , in addition to freedom of religion , we must be equally committed to freedom of conscience and the freedom , as Mr Gahler said , not to follow any religion .
We need to understand - and I want to make a strong case for this - that capacity constraints are an essential part of how we deal with the ability of developing countries to tackle the trade issues that they face at this time , in bilateral , regional , and multilateral negotiations .
Opponents of the directive have mounted a very vocal and , at times , even personal campaign based on half-truths and misconceptions which play on legitimate concerns over competitiveness , especially for smaller firms .
We have had to find legally sound ways to extend those provisions up to 2007 , in cooperation with our friends and colleagues on the Committee on Budgetary Control .
A second problem highlighted by Mr Andersson , and one that we really have to redouble our efforts to tackle , is the need to raise the effective retirement age , not the statutory retirement age .
The deadly cycle of attack and reprisal has to be broken .
It will get time if there is no violence , and I believe the international force could break the cycle of violence .
It has actually tackled this issue as we asked it to do .
We thank the Commission for tackling those complex issues we did not at first expect .
Mr Davies has already mentioned that there are some technical issues that we still have to tackle .
That is the right way to tackle this issue .
If you tackle that you are tackling the socio-economic problems , instead of going at it in the opposite direction .
We need to find a way of getting the money to the people who are actually going to do some good with it .
Commissioner Patten has repeatedly contacted the Sri Lankan Prime Minister Wickremesinghe by telephone encouraging him to find a way to return to constructive and functional co-habitation with President Kumaratunga .
But how can we compromise , how can we find a way out between two radically different solutions ?
Mrs de Palacio , when we discussed the Liberalisation Directive , we as a Parliament said that we should tackle this problem under the EU Treaty .
We should mount a strong front to tackle the problem of criminal acts driven by greed .
It is perfectly possible to retain the integrity of the Common Foreign and Security Policy , and the relationship with the Council and Member States while , at the same time , drawing on all the competences for which the Commission is responsible and which , taken together , should give us a real possibility to shape an external actions strategy which meets the demand of the 21st century .
As the last speaker said , whilst there is corruption , mismanagement , fraud and bad governance , we have to tackle the problem of poverty in Africa .
Our overriding approach as a presidency will be to support African-led initiatives to tackle the enormous challenges the continent faces .
We must tackle these challenges and embrace these opportunities together , united by our shared interest in the success of the Union .
Taoiseach , there are those who contend that the only truly important issue to be tackled under the sixth Irish presidency of the European Union is that of the completion of the IGC , the issue of the Constitution .
Thank you , Commissioner.The debate is closed.The vote will take place on 29 January 2004 .
Having said that , the manner in which we tackle that problem is not all that obvious .
Here in Europe , your birth rates and death rates have dropped dramatically .
It would be sensible to think about measures to tackle this issue and we clearly agree with Mr Katiforis on this .
I believe that great credit is due to the Commission , in particular Commissioner Byrne , for systematically putting forward a series of legislative proposals which aim to address each of the issues that needed to be tackled to guarantee our consumers a safe and traceable product , from farm to fork .
The forthcoming session of the Commission on Human Rights will provide a further opportunity to tackle the issue of human rights and terrorism , and to build on the endorsement by the Third Committee of the proposal that the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights should examine the protection of human rights when fighting terrorism .
No democrat could , or would , fear the prospect of multiple debates , but clarity and rigour in all discussions would obviously be served best by ensuring that each salient issue is tackled on its own terms and merits .
We have seen GDP growing by almost 5 % , the rate of inflation dropping significantly , a surge in foreign investment and a major cut in unemployment levels .
-- Thank you very much , Commissioner.The debate is closed.The vote will take place tomorrow , Wednesday , at 12 noon .
My colleagues agreed with my proposal that discussions should be on two overarching themes -- sustainable growth and employment -- as the key challenges needed to be tackled urgently .
If we fail to grasp this essential point we shall destroy ourselves , disinherit our children and betray Europe and our own countries .
As I have been saying for the last five years , we have to find better ways of getting ministers who sign up to these agreements to keep to their word .
Establishing an EU coastguard would be a tangible way of doing this because it would tackle the real concerns of those we represent .
The nature of the agreement on the next funding round will have a critical impact on how the Union equips itself to tackle forthcoming challenges , including those most relevant to the quality of life and economic prospects of our citizens .
However , irrespective of how complex the issues are or how sensitive they are , if there is a political will , a way will be found to resolve those conflicts and sensitive issues .
You were able to find a way for those countries to ensure that their vital national interests were not overturned or upset , in particular as regards the doctrine of conferral within that Treaty , clarifying the issues of subsidiarity and proportionality , as well as ensuring the continuation of equality between all Member States and in the application of the rules .
A key issue in this respect is increased cooperation between port authorities in order to tackle , among other things , the problem of port hopping .
If the cycle of violence can be broken , Europe can help train policemen , judges and teachers .
I would like the President-in-Office to reaffirm his commitment to continue this kind of process to find the best way of ensuring that people know exactly what we do and what we do not do at European level .
We need to find a way to give the Palestinian Authority more political room for manoeuvre and to do this in return for cast-iron guarantees on security and reform .
Provided that there are no further significant shocks to prices , annual inflation rates should drop below 2 % in the course of 2005 .
Therefore we have to find some way to allow the procurement to begin before the crisis-management operation is formally adopted so that the supplies are available as soon as the operation starts , or very shortly thereafter .
In Ireland , social spending cuts provide money to fuel economic growth .
We have to ensure not only that we implement Kyoto -- which , as we know , will do nothing to combat climate change but will simply slow down the process -- but also that we involve developing nations , raise the targets and find ways of changing public policy in ways that are politically acceptable and involve the United States .
When a friendly solution was not possible , the case was closed with a critical remark or a draft recommendation was made .
We also have neighbours and we need to better structure our relationship with them , to tackle common problems and promote stability .
A simplifying treaty could have tackled the real issues : relative economic decline , fraud and waste , and greater involvement of national parliaments in the decision-making processes .
The poverty - reduction approach through EU development cooperation is a sound basis for tackling the problem as it gives priority to equitable growth and to better access to education .
The Commission 's priority today is to listen to your views , answer your questions and agree on how we can best tackle the two main tasks we now face , namely how to turn our conditional pledge rapidly into concrete money on the budget , and then to turn those funds into effective reconstruction programmes on the ground that will help people rebuild their shattered lives .
We need to find a way to bring all the actors together in what we have called a partnership agreement , because I am certain that if , with the arrival of the US President , the opportunity is taken by the incoming administrations on both sides to shape a new strengthened transatlantic partnership , we all will be beneficiaries .
The debate on Ukraine is closed .
Since there are signs that the cycle of violence between the two sides can be broken , we have to do everything we can to consolidate the ceasefire and secure withdrawal from Gaza , and then move forward with the roadmap for a two-state solution .
How can we tackle more successfully such issues as education , employment , gender equality , democracy , the free movement of persons , and migration rights ?
Mr President , I would like once again to congratulate this Parliament and the Commission on tackling the issue of Tibet .
They can not find their connections unless they know them personally .
Parliament has rightly pointed out a number of levels on which the issue can be tackled .
It is illogical to use different strands of the cohesion policy to tackle their socio-economic problems .
When the debate with the Greek authorities is closed I will be able to inform you in writing what programmes have been affected and to what extent .
In line with the international community , the European Union feels that these agreements offer an initial platform for tackling the various crises besetting Sudan , thereby providing a comprehensive and lasting solution to Sudan 's various crises , Darfur among them .
I have little doubt that the report will eventually pass through this place and find its way onto the statute books of every Member State .
Mr President , I would like to praise the Commission -- or some Commissioners at any rate -- for having produced , on 18 May , a paper from which I shall now quote : ` We must bring more light to bear on the way we work and find new ways to reconnect with the European public . '
We deeply regret this and will try to find other ways to increase cooperation between Member States .
The new convention should also be asked to break the rigid relationship between the first , second and third parts and to create a proper hierarchy between them , so that in Part III the policies become distinctly subsidiary to Part I .
We must find a way because we can not afford to lose the reforms contained in this Constitution .
I know it is very complicated and difficult , but very rarely do we hear any details of what is happening on the ground in these parts of the world and how we are tackling the serious problem of children with HIV and AIDS .
I equally share your view that the efforts of social partners and civil society are absolutely necessary in tackling the problem of poverty and social exclusion .
The Commission has acted by deciding to open an infringement procedure and acted again by deciding to close the case when it received a satisfactory answer from the UK authorities .
You are always welcome in the European Parliament.The debate is closed.The vote will be on Tuesday .
-- The debate on this item is closed .
In Ireland , as in many other places , we can not begin to deal with the problem of deteriorating human health or clean up our environment without tackling the problem of old mines and the waste that was left behind when the mines were closed and the mining companies dissolved .
The first is that in our globalised world no single nation can tackle these problems alone , even in its own country .
This issue is extremely complex but I hope in the light of the adoption of this report the institutions can cooperate to find continuing effective ways to protect our young people .
This assistance will not , however , achieve its desired results unless Israel and the Palestinian Authority tackle such important issues as movement of people and goods between Gaza and the West Bank and the outside world , the greenhouses , operation of the border terminals , the dismantling and removal of settlers ' homes and movement of people within the West Bank .
However , I think anybody who was present in this Chamber this morning and had the opportunity to hear the UK Home Secretary speak , again on behalf of the Presidency , in relation to data protection measures , would have a very clear understanding as to the importance that we attach to the service that can be provided by data protection measures , and the need for a transnational approach to tackling not just issues such as people trafficking and organised crime , but also the pressing threat of international terrorism .
There is no reason why every single institution should not take a hard look at itself to determine what the most important issues to be tackled are and how legislation can be improved and made more relevant to the people .
We need to find a pragmatic way to ensure a smooth legislative conclusion to the comitology provisions in the Capital Requirements Directive .
We must continue to find ways of cooperating with China and if each side of the relationship tries hard enough to understand and accommodate the basic concerns of the other , by looking ahead in a proactive way , the future is bright .
The final related point , beyond today 's agenda but which we will eventually need to tackle , is how to improve conditions for young people to settle in another EU country .
Like most RNA viruses , it reproduces sloppily , its genes readily fall apart , and it can absorb different genetic material which recombines in a process called reassortment .
-- Mr President , I agree with everybody who has said that we are facing a veterinary crisis which must be tackled urgently .
The Highly Indebted Poor Countries Initiative achieved moderate success in tackling debt relief for the 42 poorest countries in the world , but this was only an initial effort by the developed world to tackle the problem of debt relief itself .
First of all we must disseminate the importance of digital switchover ; secondly , we must sensitise our colleagues to its fundamental economic importance and , thirdly , we must start to tackle politically the issue of how we deal with spectrum allocation and the digital dividend .
Arbitration has obviously been a failure , but the Commission must try to ensure that the trade can continue until such time as you , in conjunction with the Development and Trade Commissioners , can find a viable way of ensuring that other sources of income can be found for poor farmers in the Windward Islands so that they continue to have a future .
It is great to see all the members of your Commission here , but we want to see you working much better together , in more integrated policy-making , in order to tackle that crucial issue that you yourself put at the top of your agenda , which is that of competitiveness , jobs and growth in Europe .
There are encouraging signs that the next G8 presidencies -- Russia and Japan -- fully intend to do so and I have every confidence in the EU 's continued determination to tackle this vital issue .
I remain deeply concerned that the United States continues to choose to tackle the climate change issue through unilateral activities .
As I travel to Montreal next month as part of the European delegation , I look forward to seeing the global players face the reality of this year and work together as partners in tackling this extremely important global problem .
In relation to China , we also see an important focus on the development and demonstration of near-zero emissions power generation , and I agree with Mrs Beckett that carbon capture and storage is one of the means of tackling the problem of climate change .
Finally , we must mount a serious campaign at the United Nations for sanctions against Burma .
Real export growth of 9 % helped it to grow by 4 % , but a successful DDA tackling barriers to trade will continue to fuel world growth for years to come .
We all agree that we need to find an effective way of making progress on services .
In the tradition of British governments since 1972 , it is almost certain that Mr Blair will surrender the British national interest -- in this case the budget rebate -- while no doubt still finding a way of trumpeting it as a triumph of diplomacy .
Limiting that support today means breaking the contract .
The new governments have demonstrated a real commitment to tackle these problems and we have seen some progress , but there is still a long way to go .
The government has begun to tackle this issue and we want to see this work stepped up .
The problem must be tackled with maximum consideration for the victims of trafficking so that they do not suffer a ` double punishment ' in the justice systems of EU countries .
That commitment remains valid ; when we are able to do so depends on Ukraine and perseverance in the reform process to tackle outstanding issues .
The policy of constant progress and small , continued and common steps in the EU-Ukraine relationship has proved to be successful over the past year since the Orange Revolution and will allow us to tackle the challenges ahead .
Higher participation rates for women will help tackle Europe 's demographic challenges , as well as increasing growth and productivity .
Again , we will all have to work together with the countries of origin , with the transition countries , with the European Union to find the right way of balancing out an internal and an external policy .
We have worked together to find solutions and ways of joining all our efforts to provide enough evidence for the Court of Auditors to give an assurance that the transactions are reliable .
Any state which fails in this task has broken the contract .
The media are key players in communication policy and it is vital that public institutions at all levels of governance find innovative ways of working with the national , regional and local media .
The EU needs to find new ways of working to ensure legitimacy of our decisions .
The Commission , at this stage , has taken all the necessary steps allowed by the Treaty in order to tackle this situation .
Mr President , the European Union 's growth rate has been falling for years , and recently it has dropped below 2 % a year .
On 13 and 14 March , there will be a conference in Paris in which the future of development aid for Ethiopia will be discussed and new ways will be found to help the poor people of Ethiopia directly , without channelling those funds directly to the government .
We need to find better ways , but this needs to be properly handled .
It is gratifying that we in the European Union are prepared to take the lead to tackle that worldwide problem and deal with such a wasteful side-effect of the fishing industry .
Therefore , for the sake of Europe , let us not shake this foundation , ensuring that the still fragile Balkans building does not collapse at our feet , in our own front yard !
Open markets will strengthen Europe and allow it to tackle its problems .
Work has begun on preparing a ministerial meeting to tackle all issues from illegal migration to trafficking in human beings and people smuggling .
Kofi Annan today said that his understanding was that the United States , even though they might not be able to vote for the Council as it was currently proposed , would be able to work with the Council , and I am sure that the US , which has done so much for human rights , will find a way to work with the other Member States to make the Council what it ought to be .
In this age , in Ireland and across the European Union , we have major health challenges to tackle : cardiovascular disease , neuropsychiatric disorders , cancer , digestive diseases , respiratory diseases , sense organ disorders , obesity and diabetes , to mention a few .
We can not hope to tackle the inequalities in health without the active input of those whose life experience makes them experts in this field .
However , at the end of the day , as politicians , we have to find a way of achieving a democratic political solution to the problem .
Although there are considerable differences in the local circumstances of Member States , the challenges and targets are similar -- to tackle the increasing challenge of Europe 's ageing society , bearing in mind the Lisbon targets of making Europe the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , with greater social cohesion and sustainable economic growth capacity , and more and better jobs .
Mr President , when we debate competition policy , there is something that there is good reason for emphasising , namely the fact that European prosperity , European businesses and European jobs have been boosted by competition .
It must be admitted that the challenge of Europe 's ageing society can only be tackled with the increased participation of those special groups in the labour market , as Commissioner Špidla said .
We will find ways to do that through NGOs but we will also have to review our position and find some alternative mechanisms .
However , with the flow of drugs apparently on the increase and the level of addiction rising particularly among some of Europe 's most deprived communities I would like to see the Centre raise its profile and make a more significant contribution to tackling these problems .
It needs to show that it is ready to move on to an ambitious reform programme that tackles those very issues that I referred to of low growth , high unemployment and threats to our environment .
When reading the document , there is a strong sense of complacency , Madam Commissioner , a real lack of urgency about how to tackle the global economic political challenges facing the European Union .
I also want to see greater and more effective intergovernmental cooperation in tackling environmental challenges and fighting the scourge of terrorism .
Given that discrimination largely stems from ignorance as regards other people , the report highlights the fact that the problem should therefore be tackled at source , by means of targeted actions designed to foster tolerance and diversity from early childhood ; programmes such as Socrates , Leonardo and Jeunesse have a crucial role to play in this regard .
Therefore , dealing with this stigma and dealing with social inclusion is not just a human rights issue and not just an obligation , but can also have practical effects in our efforts to give priority and emphasis to actions and activities designed to tackle this problem .
However , we need to play our part in finding ways to create fresh enthusiasm and acceptance for the roadmap as the way forward and , in this regard , the difficult task of engaging with Syria will be necessary .
The result is a fisheries policy of disparity , not of commonality ; and until the Commission and this House find a way to address that issue , even its modest proposals here will accentuate the difference between the haves and the have-nots under the common fisheries policy .
So , to continue to fight for democracy must be one of our basic tasks , and to find modern ways of engaging with citizens has to be a very important part of the declaration , to show that this is possible .
In deciding how to tackle this problem , it is essential to have a clear picture of the supply of and demand for palm oil .
As I have said , we had to find ways not only to express tangibly the political will of all the institutions involved and the citizens , but also to do so in a legally sound way that would ensure that this will could face and withstand any challenges arising in the future .
The debate is closed , and the vote will take place shortly .
The Commission has presented its view on the cause of the recent rise in food prices in the recent communication ` Tackling the challenge of rising food prices : directions for EU action ' .
For these reasons , the Commission has proposed an emergency package of measures to tackle the immediate social and economic hardship triggered by the dramatic rise in the price of oil , while also tackling the underlying structural problems of the European fleet .
In an effort to tackle this problem of divergent views , the idea of a joint fact-finding mission by the presidency and the Commission , led by the Czech Minister of Industry and Trade , Martin Říman , and by Matthias Ruete , the Director-General of DG TRAN , emerged , and it obtained the mandate to do this from an extraordinary COREPER I session , which we called on 5 January 2009 , the first working day after the holidays .
On the amount of time that it takes to resolve cases , touched on by Mrs Göncz , let me just say that we have now been able to reduce the time very significantly , and on average more than 50 % - about 55 % - of all cases are now closed in less than a year or in about 12 months .
On CCCTB , this report says ; ` Recalls that the introduction of a CCCTB would help to tackle - within the EU - double taxation and transfer price issues within consolidated groups ' I welcome the Irish Government 's proposal in this year 's Irish Finance Bill to regulate transfer pricing by transnational corporations .
Therefore , I welcome this timely debate and the Commission 's efforts to tackle this matter , as all of us have let this area go for too long .
Given the high standards in North Sea oil drilling in Scotland , I do not think a uniform moratorium on new drilling is the best way to tackle this issue , but instead that detailed safety checks should be paramount in any decision to award new licences .
They tackle the key issues of giving the European Union real clout in economic policy through adequate coordinated fiscal surveillance and addressing macro-economic imbalances , so , as we have very often said , now creating a real economic Union in Europe .
Key priorities , such as transparency and consumer protection , will be pursued , while a bank crisis framework will aim to prevent and tackle future crises .
Uganda is a country in which the majority of people survive on a dollar a day : surely the country 's legislators can find better ways to serve the interests of Ugandan society than to make gays subject to criminal prosecution .
That is why I think politicians who tackle these problems in a responsible and politically subtle manner are ` cool ' politicians , as are those of us who will vote for Mr Gahler 's report today .
I hope that this is a lesson he will absorb in the future work that he may do in this Parliament .
With regard to additional spectrum for broadband and the second digital dividend , I think everybody is aware that sooner or later - and most of the Members of Parliament will probably think sooner - we will have to tackle that point , too .
We have to pay serious attention to this problem , which is a problem accentuated by a lack of political will , by far too much nationalism , and dare I suggest that we should look at the policies of the Norwegians and Icelanders and how they tackle their problems .
The bombing at Enniskillen , the rioting across large parts of Northern Ireland , and a clear attempt by the IRA to mount yet another bombing campaign in the mainland of the United Kingdom : all of these events must stand condemned .
I think if we are to tackle the problem , the first thing we should do is determine the extent of the problem , so I do believe much work remains to be done .
The trade in these drugs is multinational in nature , as is the laundering of the vast sums of money involved in this trade yet the response of the multinational organization best placed to tackle this problem , the European Union , is seen to be virtually non-existent .
The rapporteur clearly knows this and knows that you do not punish the victims of society 's failures just because benefit bills are going up ; you tackle the real problem , which is to get people back to work .
Whether he has succeeded or not depends on one 's particular point of view but I want to pay tribute to him for the long , hard and diligent work he engaged in to find a compromise and a way forward .
We have to act here with some sort of morality and say : OK , maybe the underspend will pay for it but we actually have to find a way .
This House is desperately disappointed that nothing has happened since the Essen Summit meeting to tackle the problems of unemployment and while Mr Santer said we should do less better , the one thing we can not renege upon are measures that will bring down the levels of unemployment .
Mr President , this report makes an honest attempt to tackle the issues , but in very traditional areas , and it raises a few questions of principle that I would like to deal with .
Finally , I stress that the Commission is certainly not insensitive to problems that might materialize from the abolition of duty-free on intra-EU travel , but it will insist that the appropriate instruments be used to tackle any such problems without re-opening an issue which , as I have stressed several times , simply implies having ordinary citizens bear the burden .
The principal purpose of the Shelter Improvement Plan must be to close and decommission the plan completely , as quickly as possible .
Furthermore , although Agenda 2000 purports to adopt a more market-led approach , the proposed payments to compensate farmers for a reduction in price are not time-limited and will do nothing to break the cycle of dependence of European farmers on European subsidies ; nor will they address the legitimate concerns of the taxpayer .
I would like to ask the Minister-in-Office whether ultimately the way to tackle this problem is to look at the different excise duty rates in the different Member States and perhaps that should be the long-term goal of the Council of Ministers .
All these problems have to be tackled and for this reason I welcome the Commission 's proposal that there should be no sudden end to funding from Brussels .
I am very pleased that you are going to tackle it under the new programme on tourism but would the Commission not consider a study of what the extent of this problem might be and how it could be effectively tackled ?
British Labour MEPs will be supporting calls for a multilateral policy development with the other OECD financial centres to tackle this important issue of tax evasion , and for the exclusion of Eurobonds from this directive .
These matters must be tackled and resolved , and the reports suggest some very important and useful ways in which that can be done .
I want to express my deep sense of disappointment that yesterday , at an early stage , when my group presented to other group presidents the possibility of trying to find a reasonable way forward , whereby the Council would meet tonight and then , tomorrow , we could decide on the issue in a more definitive way , some colleagues used procedures in this House to block that possibility .
We have found all sorts of ways in the budgetary procedure to find a working arrangement for this institution together with the Commission to maintain confidentiality and that could be done in relation to this dialogue .

However , I still believe that the Commission must continue to exploit various ways of attacking this problem , especially through programmes that target not only developing countries , but also certain vulnerable groups and our own Member States , because here too in our European Union , which should really set the world an example as far as the protection of human rights and the rights of women are concerned , there are still problems .
It is a positive report , supported unanimously in the Committee on Budgetary Control , and I hope the Commission will acknowledge it for what it is - a sensible approach to working jointly to attack the twin problems we have to face .
By attacking them rather than the problem , the leaders of the groups have missed an opportunity today .
Moreover , as poverty and lack of local opportunities are amongst the main reasons for children being trafficked , the poverty-reduction approach of our development cooperation is a meaningful basis for attacking the problem .
You can not even begin to attack the problem .
Let us rather work together for an outcome that boosts the world 's economy , generates political confidence and helps the world 's poor .
I would be more than happy to continue this dialogue and to provide more information about how we approach this , because I agree completely with the view that we have to support our industries through this economic recession , be mindful of the poverty and deprivation that can occur , and give new trading opportunities that will actually help boost those economies and those sectors .
Member of the Commission . - ( CS ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission agrees entirely with the honourable Member that the silver economy is a very promising area of development and should be boosted at local , national and European levels .
The European Union is rightly extending export opportunities for Russian companies in EU markets to boost the Russian economy .
Put simply , increased trade boosts a nation 's economy , raising its GDP .
This actually reduces the import of labour , and also immediately pumps in money to people who are likely to spend their money in rural areas and therefore boost rural economies .
It has instead resulted in steady progress in terms of democracy and in your commitment , and the commitment of your country , to developing good neighbourly relations , respecting the rule of law , boosting the economy through trade and cooperation and working through the Ohrid Framework Agreement over time .
While national governments implement drastic cuts , in some cases , with a short-term vision , the EU budget can provide stability and long-term planning to help - through funds such as the structural funds and cohesion funds - create jobs , provide job training and boost European economies through the recovery , particularly by providing structural funds to deprived areas hit the hardest .
At the summit we agreed to make more concrete progress in a series of key areas : boosting research and development with the creation of a European research council ; improving our universities and their links with business ; creating a more competitive energy market ; examining how migration can boost our economy ; how we can use more extensive and better quality child care to give people a fairer balance between work and family life ; how we can re-skill workers to meet the global challenge , and how we can strengthen Europe 's place in the world and our collective security .
Small local cottage industries have great scope for boosting local economies .
Secondly , I want to turn to something that the Irish Prime Minister , Mr Bruton , said about the role of government in trying to create jobs and boost the economy .
The UK has shown how free labour markets , coupled with proper social protection , can boost a prosperous economy .
Targeted EU spending is one way in which we can boost local economies and bring jobs to our communities .
Mr President , the European Heritage Label is , without doubt , a very important project , for at least two reasons : firstly , it enables European citizens to feel closer to their common and diverse history and heritage ; secondly it is a good tool for promoting cultural tourism and boosting the economy .
We need to protect these industries which create jobs and boost our economy - not just locally , but in the European domain .
There is no case for breaking these agreements .
Right now , if we break the Interinstitutional Agreement , we go back to the Treaty , which gives Parliament a lot more power and a lot more authority .
Because the contract had been signed by the previous Conservative Government , Mr Cook claimed it could not be broken .
On the economic side , the macro-economic framework presented in New York must be more rigorous and combined with a clear path towards employment and growth , which will break the cycle of poverty and inequality .
We can break this vicious cycle by acknowledging that non-paid work is work indeed , by encouraging women to work and gain their economic independence , by attacking the structural causes of labour market segregation , and by paying attention to women 's problems when reforming our pension schemes .
We are breathing new life into the Western European Union , which should have actually been defunct last year .
So we are pleased to have been able to breathe a little more life into this body .
We need to breathe new life into the round .
If Pörtschach can breathe new life into the vision of a united Europe by pointing the way forward on these three concepts - peace , prosperity and security - then it will be setting a new and relevant agenda for the coming years .
It would be easier for us to do that if we had some serious indications that Israel is really willing to breathe new life into the peace process .
Fresh information has come to light since the hearing in The Sunday Times this weekend which casts further doubt on whether Mr Busquin was truthful in his answers to Parliament .
In the UK the previous Tory government cast a great deal of doubt on whether or not the euro would actually happen .
The case is not closed .
When a friendly solution is not possible , I close the case with a critical remark or make a draft recommendation .
A case currently investigated by OLAF and closed in the last quarter of 2003 , involving external aid , is in judicial follow-up in Germany .
We decided we are happy with what the French authorities gave us , but we can not close the case , because these promises , these elements of law , these proposed laws , are not yet implemented .
Mr President , as spokesman for the Group of the European People 's Party , I would like to close this debate by saying , on behalf of my group , that we are going to support the report by Mr Barros Moura .
We welcome this but we would also like to ask that Members have the possibility of putting down motions for a resolution to close the debate .
Pursuant to Rule 37 of the Rules of Procedure , I have received six motions for resolution to close the present debate .
I would like to remind you that the Raimon Obiols i Germà and Charles Tannock report will be put to the vote tomorrow morning , and that the texts submitted to close the debate on the Council and Commission statements will be put to the vote in Brussels on 29 November 2007 .
After this speech by the Commissioner , to whom we wish the best of luck , secure in the knowledge that he will do an excellent job , as he has done in the past , we close the debate .
Mrs Kinnock , the Commission did not ask to reply on the last item and that is why I closed the debate , precisely because there was no request to speak .
Miss Lynne would have asked that we be allowed to close the debate on the question of British beef with motions for a resolution from the various political groups .
I would like to make that proposal that the political groups be invited to submit motions for a resolution to close the debate on British beef .
I am going to close the debate .
Thank you , Mrs Green , but I have no way of closing this debate today while people are still asking for the floor .
Madam President , I would simply like to point out that on Wednesday , on the initiative of the President , we voted for an adjournment of the urgent debate on Zaire , but not for the debate to be closed .
What I have been hearing about the representative in Nicaragua is indicative that the project had not been properly closed down .
We should see this Commission as a college and while the individual commissioners must be held accountable , nevertheless we must take an objective view of what is going on and beware of either European party politics or international politics colouring our judgement .
However , you may not all have had time to digest their contents and I will , therefore , briefly summarise the main issues .
Can we really restore trust and generate inspiration among the voters if we continue to conduct our policies from one national election to another , finding in them a good excuse not to apply the common policies ?
It does not matter who you are or what excuse you think you have found for your perverse and nihilistic , violent ideology .
So we come to the situation of a vessel with a dangerous cargo finding its way into a port by manipulating these contradictions .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - Ladies and gentlemen , it is generally obvious that we need to find a way to resolve the crisis afflicting Europe and other parts of the world at the present time .
We have worked with the Czech Presidency on this matter , and I very much appreciate the support of the Presidency in our efforts to find a viable way forward .
It is our job , the job of politicians , not economists , to try to find ways - new ways and novel ways - of raising this particular issue .
Many of us have been involved in trying to find some way out of the planetary catastrophe that could ensue .
There is also a gap that we have yet to fill for people for whom no return to their country of origin is possible - for example , to Zimbabwe - and who are often left legally destitute , as it were , and , therefore , need to find a way to keep themselves alive .
So while we welcomed last night 's announcement from the American side of a six months delay , we are fundamentally opposed to this legislation in principle and we want to say that we think that the Americans , by bullying their allies , have not found the correct way forward .
We need to listen to that child as mothers do , and to help them find a way to reconcile home and work to the benefit of both .
We must keep trying to find a way through the maze .
But perhaps we could talk with you , Commissioner , and try to suggest ways forward with the associations that run hostels and similar activities internationally , and find a practical way forward so that parents can be sure of their children 's security when they send them abroad so that we have a quick practical solution to this problem rather than a theoretical one in the long term .
Open media can be intrusive and the problem with the Internet today is that we have to find a way of dealing with the various segments within which its operations take place .
I should like to give the Commissioner a hypothetical example : if a 62-year-old , registered blind official was working in an external office - in other words he is only three years from retirement - and he is comfortable in that office , can find his way around about it and there are no complaints about the quality of his work , would he think it a reasonable policy towards disabled people to consider compulsory transfer of that individual back to Brussels at that stage of his career ?
I would hope , too , that the European Commission will find some way of increasing the support to the programmes which will help children and young people as Romania begins in earnest its progress towards a closer relationship with the European Union .
Let us hope and pray that , for the sake of the American people as well as for the rest of the world , soon enough Mr Bush and his warmongering associates will also find their way out of office .
The main problem now is not food or medicaments but it is basically shelter and trying to find some ways of earning a living in the months to come .
Any restriction of the present legislation needs to be duly justified and proportionate ; the least intrusive way has to be found to serve this goal .
As I have said , we had to find ways not only to express tangibly the political will of all the institutions involved and the citizens , but also to do so in a legally sound way that would ensure that this will could face and withstand any challenges arising in the future .
We are just trying to find the best possible way to make it legally sound to be able to withstand any challenges before the court .
Anybody you speak to from the Palestinian area will tell you that it has always been the women and the children who have suffered most , but they have also been the most resilient in trying to find a way forward to challenge the failure to negotiate , the failure to respect and the failure to find a solution ; indeed , the failure of both Israel and Palestine to live up to their commitments , to agreements that they voluntarily signed up to , the failure of the United States of America and the European Union to live up to their commitments with regard to clear and open negotiations , the failure of other states bordering Israel and Palestine to take a more proactive and positive role with regard to , ultimately , achieving a two-state solution , which must be based on viability and equality .
I sincerely hope that the Commission finds another way forward to test the safety culture .
I hope that the Commissioner will find a way - because she is a very practical , competent and capable person - of ensuring that the rules will be applied properly .
Please ensure in the fifth framework programme that a way is found to help research into diabetes .
Among other things , we wanted to find a way to enable women to have the number of children that women said they wanted .
We will have to find many different ways - perhaps unexpected ways - of solving the logistical problems of getting assistance to the people who need it , but it is difficult to promise specific action on this one .
When the EU is once again in deadlock , we need to concentrate all our attention on finding a way to save the Treaty of Lisbon .
Could I ask whether the Commissioner would meet with Ms Morgan and myself specifically to try to find practical ways forward here .
Let us never lose sight of our common goal , and let us work together with the Arctic states and the international community to find the best and most effective way of preserving and protecting the Arctic for future generations .
We should find a way for negotiations to be very fair to everyone and not at the expense of the European agriculture sector .
Between 20 % and 40 % of global industrial wood production is estimated to come from illegal sources , and up to 20 % of that finds its way into the EU .
Drugs grown and produced in Afghanistan find their way to the streets of Europe .
The Commission is open to discuss with Parliament in order to find a way forward that addresses Parliament 's concerns .
However , an incentive to find a way out of this vicious circle would be if we had open reflection without taboos and where we could analyse not only spending , but also the revenue side of the European budget .
In the Commission , we are trying to find legal ways that respect the treaties to solve this problem , to protect data , and to try and enhance the Community pillar of this situation .
They contribute enormously to society and society must find a way to pay them back .
So that is why we have to find the right way to make them move .
The experience we gain from these initiatives will allow us to find even better and more efficient ways to collaborate at a European level , making full use of both national and Community research programmes .
While we are trying to find our way out of the crisis , we encourage creation of work , including that of independent workers .
One way of doing that has just been found , and that is to foster the participation of the citizens themselves in the democratic life of the Union .
Hopefully we can find a way to do that .
We are trying to find a way to mobilise and activate the different levels through which we can achieve the most efficient actions and the best possible course of events .
Ultimately of course only the Greeks themselves can sort out the problems of the Greek public sector debt and we wish them well in their efforts to find their way out of the crisis .
We also need to encourage innovation and research into alternative solutions and find ways around materials that European companies find too expensive .
We very much want to maintain close cooperation with the European Parliament as we pursue our common goals of gradually building up an EU Arctic policy and we must work together with the Arctic states and the international community to find the most effective way of preserving and protecting the Arctic for future generations .
As it is doing in the cases of Libya and Côte d'Ivoire , the EU must continue to find creative ways within existing rules to make sure that human rights violators can never escape accountability .
We believe we have to take practical steps : a comprehensive test ban treaty should come into force ; the fissile material cut-off ; support for peaceful uses of nuclear energy to find safe ways of making sure that we avoid proliferation - for example , the contributions we make to the nuclear fuel bank - and support for a very strong and effective IAEA .
Adequate financing remains a very big problem , and we need to find innovative ways to finance the bottlenecks .
I can also say that the French and the Czech Presidencies made efforts that were crucial to find a way to meet the concerns of the Irish people .
It is a process that started in Laeken many years ago and has involved different democratic bodies and discussions over the years to try to find a common way of taking decisions in a more modern , more democratic and efficient way .
Its economy is in a serious situation and it is clear that a way out of this crisis must be found .
Their economies are in a serious situation , and it is clear that a way out from this crisis must be found .
So the future is precisely as your question suggests , finding new ways and new technologies , namely the development of cleaner cars .
What I want to do is draw those two things together , to find a way in which we can enhance what we do , to support the work that is going on , to make the Quartet more effective , to bring together what has been , in a sense , the Council and Commission operating side by side , and to meld it into one so that what we do on the ground really makes a difference .
My argument is that if there is n't enough funding after inflation-only increases in Member State contributions , ways should be found to re-allocate budget lines to meet any shortfalls .
A practical example of cooperation between the Commission services is the ' Practical Guide to EU funding opportunities for research and innovation ' published in 2007 , which was conceived to help potential beneficiaries to find their way through the three funding Community instruments and provides policy makers with advice on coordinated access to those instruments .
But , even with all that cover , it can still find its way to the bottom of the pile and the leaflet that comes in the door is not put on display .
Until then , however , we have found a way which allows us to continue to enforce our own stricter requirements under the transitional period before we move , in line with other EU Member States , to the general regime .
We need to find a way to protect climate migrants , as they have to flee because we cause climate change .
I hope we will find a way to talk informally or in committee later on the proper formula .
So the issue is to find the right way of responding to two important needs : the need for freedom and respect of data protection , but also the need for security , because without security , there is no possibility of freedom .
This work is crucial for the establishment of a future state of Palestine and crucial to finding a way to a two-state solution .
We should also find a way to control what we are importing from other countries outside the EU , especially in some northern European ports .
The question is , can the European Union find a flexible way , through a joint action , of responding in a coordinated manner to any future situations that might arise where persons are temporarily in need of international protection ?
Finally , Ms Sargentini , I really wanted to find an inventive way of saying that correlation tables were extremely important .
Will you find an appropriate way to report back to Parliament on the responses given .
I am confident that the Heads of State and Government and the parliamentarians here in the European Parliament will look at it in the spirit in which it is designed : yes , it is something a little different , but something which can provide an example of Europe taking a fresh direction and finding new ways to work together .
Because of reform of the EU financial systems and reductions in structural funding and cohesion funding to certain countries under the Agenda 2000 reform package , it is essential that we find new ways of financing these very essential projects .
What assurances can the Council therefore give us that any produce that is sent from the European Union to Russia will in fact find its way to the actual people who need help ?
In addition , Israel must find more effective ways of reconciling its legitimate security concerns with the urgent need for genuine Palestinian development .
We strongly condemn it -- there is never any excuse for terrorism ; but at the same time we ask Turkey to try to find peaceful interlocutors , try to find a political way and invest in the social and economic development of the south-east .
We need to find a pragmatic way of moving forward to ensure that we get clarity and an assertion of the principle you have outlined here today : that when it comes to a conflict between the right of the citizen to public services and the market , that is set down in legislation .
We have to participate in those as fully as we are able and with all the contacts that we have in order to find a way forward , so that we can get on with distributing the tsunami aid properly and look to a peaceful future for all .
The European Union now has to find its own way forward .
Yet even injured and diseased animals which die on the farm are finding their way into rendering plants and the tallow from these animals is finding its way into the pharmaceutical industry , into the cosmetic industry and therefore into the food chain .
However , we need to play our part in finding ways to create fresh enthusiasm and acceptance for the roadmap as the way forward and , in this regard , the difficult task of engaging with Syria will be necessary .
We regret that the Framework Directive for Services of General Interest did not gain majority support : we do need to find a way to differentiate core essential services provided for the public good from the services we choose as individuals .
Therefore it is up to the parties involved to decide whether to keep this issue within the framework of the comprehensive settlement or to discuss it separately or to find a way to include it in both concepts .
Of course , it remains open to groups of MEPs to find other ways of working , this already happens and I would expect that process to continue and expand .
One hopes that eventually this poor developing country will gradually begin to find a decisive way to much-needed peace and prosperity , for the benefit of all its citizens .
If we could find some way not only of having a measure to take against former Commissioners who act in this way , but also against the companies who benefit from their knowledge , then I think that we might have two very powerful levers to use in future transgressions .
I know that coming up with a solution to this problem and implementing it is not at all easy , but somehow we must find a way whereby Member States can have the last word , after being fully informed , in clearly reasoned decisions to accept or not the transportation of nuclear material -- or any other hazardous material for that matter -- through their territory .
The best thing that we can do today in the European Parliament is to encourage Prime Minister Zapatero in his efforts to bring together what were previously irreconcilable peoples to find a common way forward in the Basque region .
In my view , Parliament 's contribution might have been to try to help find a way of combining protection of workers with a flexibility that enables Europe to retain its competitiveness .
Fighting them means finding creative ways to bridge the gap between security sector reform and development assistance .
My fear is that the Socialist-dominated governments of Europe are hell-bent on harmonising taxes , on raising tax levels and finding new ways of penalising industry and entrepreneurship .
However , we must find a way around the problems .
I would appeal to the Commission to soften the severity of these proposals and find a better way .
It is precisely because I agree that I believe this Parliament should use this occasion to signal to the Court of Auditors its intense disquiet at the fact that a document of substance of the sort prepared by the Court should , whether correct or incorrect in terms of its content , have found its way into Der Spiegel of 8 November .
We must find some way of having a dialogue between the institutions over the next 12 months to make sure that these reforms take place and that we have the right kind of criteria for making sure that we are getting value for money from the staff .
As a lawyer in private practice in the UK , I myself , have often wrestled with a pile of books to find the right rules and the right way to go forward for my clients in these circumstances .
I can envision with some confidence that key amendments regarding , in particular , references to the core values of the Community - democracy , the rule of law , respect for human rights ; the protection of the Community 's interests ; reinforced evaluation and reporting provisions for the specification of an indicative financial envelope for the period 2007-13 ; or the inclusion of the review clause - will find their way into the final text .
If I were to arrange a round table with the industry - with dealers and manufacturers - would you be willing to come along to it and discuss with them how we can find a way through the problem while , at the same time , resorting to competition instruments if we have to ?
Ultimately we will have to do that and get the institutional balance right and find a way forward .
It is now up to the oil industry and to the governments in the countries which have no contingency plan to find some way out to offer people who own these cars , either through the marketing of lead additives or through the marketing of re-formulated petrol .
The body will have to find a way to attain a politically significant text compatible with insertion into the Treaty .
I know that is covered by the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , but we must find a way of bringing together what we are doing in the Committee on Civil Liberties and the Subcommittee on Human Rights .
Of course , it is a long way ahead , so we need to find a quicker way of ensuring that the directive is implemented .
I hope that we will soon be able to draw conclusions from that and find the best way forward in preventing such incidents in the future .
We particularly welcome the Council 's invitation to the Commission to make proposals as to how new and creative ways can be found to support the fresh opportunities which the peace agreement will bring .
I know that the European Parliament shares the commitment of the European Commission to give full support to the work of the German Presidency to find the right way forward .
The Commission can take note of this and find other ways to give short-term humanitarian aid to both these countries .
At the moment , because of the bureaucracy and the procedures for application in some countries , the money is finding its way disproportionately into middle class and wealthy areas .
The first , to which the Commissioner has referred , is the way in which we have moved from a process of confrontation in the budgetary procedure to one more like codecision , as if , by magic , we are finding a way of blurring the distinction between obligatory and non-obligatory expenditure without having to go through a treaty revision to do so .
They are close to my heart too , so I can understand why other ideas have been floated to give form to these principles through other possible mechanisms .
The Commission has floated this idea of a high-level trade and environment meeting in Geneva in the autumn bringing together top-level policy-makers to push forward the debate on how to strengthen the CTE 's work .
The resolution floats the idea of a solidarity contribution on air tickets , but that should not be the only avenue , and like Mrs Kinnock I should like to suggest other possibilities .
But , frankly , I find it extraordinary that Mr Solana and Mr Blair and several others can float the idea of creating an executive committee formed out of the Council presidency without referring to the role of the European Commission .
The idea of a special Lebanon Summit within the Arab League framework has recently been floated .
The first is the creation of a European Monetary Fund , which is absolutely necessary and was an idea also floated by Mr Schäuble , the German Minister for Finance .
In this question we have also floated the idea of establishing a reserve compensation fund , but this must not be seen as a demand on our part or by the Commission .
I am just floating the idea .
Many ideas have been floated on a comprehensive approach to peace in the Middle East .
I noted with interest the ideas being floated on the possibility of supplying fishing vessels from the Commission , that is to say , European Union fleets to the fishing communities in the affected countries .
Equally , in relation to sheepmeat , important to European , and particularly Irish , farmers - badly managed arrangements with New Zealand mean there are no controls to prevent a deliberate New Zealand policy to flood the EU market at peak production periods .
But in micro-economic terms at the level of the salmon industry consider the implications of Norway , a state outside the Union which produces a massive surplus for export - and has the potential to produce much more in the immediate future - and floods our market to such an extent that the anti-dumping case when it is examined will hold .
It is a sensible solution allowing Member States to monitor and control the market and make sure it is not flooded .
It is paramount that these directories are given prominence in the UK market and are not expunged by allowing EU companies to flood the British market under the aegis of EU trade legislation .
This development should continue , and I know the Commission will continue to follow closely the Ombudsman 's activities and welcome his proposals .
Most importantly , we will have to further frame the international debate after 2012 .
Mr President , yes , I am indeed glad that the Commissioner has understood that we are calling for the drawing up of a Green Paper without delay in order to fuel a more in-depth debate on the Commission 's proposals .
Still unable to grasp the concept of the single market , such national authorities should be put to the test of Commissioner Monti 's single market scoreboard .
The Chinese seem unable to grasp the essential point , pointed out by Mr Watts and others , that it is not simply a money-making city ; its economic welfare depends on the wellbeing of its citizens , and that point has yet to be grasped .
We need a few days to grasp and to assess the situation in the Constitutional Court .
We can legislate against discrimination in the workplace , but we can not legislate against the pressures of juggling work , family life and managing a home .
I definitely do not want to lower expectations but I would be very careful not to raise expectations so high so that those who do not want the international negotiations to succeed could kill the process after Mexico if we do not achieve anything .
I think we should not kill the proposal , but it is obvious that there is no consensus at this stage .
I would also like to take the opportunity to refute the untrue allegation made by the Pakistan ambassador in Washington that the EU/EOM leaked an interim briefing report .
It is equally clear that Europe does not have the resources for a European defence identity : we can not mount a campaign without American and NATO support .
May I thank the Commission for that programme and Mrs Perez Latorre in particular for her help in mounting the exhibition .
It is normal practice , as Members of this House will recognize , for Council presidencies to mount an exhibition of a cultural , social or historical nature in the conference part of the Justus Lipsius building .
The UK will continue to pour increasing amounts of money into Brussels , yet the one area where some of that money is recouped - albeit very little - is the area the Commission are looking to axe .
No nation should be pouring taxpayers ' money into a corrupt system .
I want the Commissioner to ensure that whatever is brought in is unified throughout the European Union and is financed in a unified way so that no one Member State can pour in more money than another to support their particular industry .
Where the Pirker text puts the case for enforcement penalties for trafficking , pushing and consumption of synthetic drugs , the Greens seek to delete the reference to consumption .
It would encourage extremist forces and shake business confidence , and nothing would be achieved that can not be achieved by other means .
The tragic events that took place in New York , Washington and Pennsylvania on 11 September have undoubtedly further shaken economic confidence .
I can well understand why consumer confidence should be shaken at this moment .
I visited every capital , as the President kindly recalled , and everyone was listened to and helped to shape the outcome .
We need the Member States ; we need the European institutions ; we need stakeholders and society at large ; and we need specifically the active involvement and support of this Parliament , the European Parliament , for shaping this strategy and for communicating it to the people .
We are therefore trying to suck in the health workers from other countries in order to deal with our own problems .
I am confident that the new Northern Dimension policy , with its future shared ownership by the European Union , Russia , Norway and Iceland , will substantially benefit the Baltic Sea region because none of the challenges faced by the Baltic Sea can be tackled without genuine Russian involvement , just as none of the challenges faced by the Barents Sea can be dealt with without Russia and Norway .
I would just like to add that , on a personal level , this debate has reinforced my long-standing conviction that , to tackle global challenges , such as hunger in the world , volatility of food and raw material prices , turbulence on the financial markets , regulation of financial products and services , there is a need for much more global governance and more global rule-making .
I am convinced that if we set up this new comprehensive and holistic strategy , continuing the political , diplomatic and operational development strands of our engagement in the Sahel , we will give a new impetus to tackling the multiple threats and challenges that this region faces .
A gender-equal labour market is a precondition for boosting jobs and for tackling the demographic challenges .
Only together , in a more effective way , can the European Union tackle the challenges of the globalised world .
This is a positive development because we need to work jointly with Libya to tackle all the challenges that it faces in relation to migration .
The EU and the US are the world 's most integrated economies ; we are each other 's largest trade and investment partners ; we share common values and responsibilities for tackling global challenges on a variety of issues , be it innovation or environmental challenges , energy security or access to raw materials .
In the age of globalisation , even the biggest Member States do not have the means to tackle those challenges .
However , I am confident that the regulation that we present today tackles many of the challenges that we could imagine during the preparation of the regulation .
The Presidency needed the help of the European Parliament in tackling the challenges we were facing .
We intend to be ambitious and comprehensive in tackling all challenges .
The sports movement is looking for assistance from the European institutions to tackle the challenges posed by agents .
The analysis of the answers we receive will guide us in developing strategies at EU level to support the Member States in tackling these challenges .
The Commission has presented its view on the cause of the recent rise in food prices in the recent communication ' Tackling the challenge of rising food prices : directions for EU action ' .
Croatia has come a long way over recent years but important challenges still remain to be tackled .
The green paper on the TEN-T policy review addresses these challenges and proposes measures to tackle them at both the network planning and the project implementation stages .
I hope that I do not have to say any further farewells as regards Turkey in this Chamber and that we can move on and start tackling the major economic and other challenges of the European Union .
Aware of these challenges , the European Commission has a development policy geared to fight poverty , promote sustainable development and tackle political challenges in order to help foster stability .
I fully agree with you , and I am sure that , with your support and with that of the governments of the Member States , the new Commission will be able to tackle the challenges ahead .
I also feel , Mr President , a very strong sensation in this House that Europe should move on to be a stronger , bigger player in the world and to show resolve when it comes to the economy , the fight against unemployment , tackling the challenges of globalisation and the climate issue .
Investment in education , research and innovation has the potential to create more wealth and jobs than it costs , and investment in innovation will help us tackle the great challenges that society faces .
Then let us tackle the challenge of external representation which will be another major step forward once agreed and implemented .
I am sure that my colleagues , Mrs Malmström and Mrs Reding , will pay attention to how to tackle all these concerns , which have been raised both in this debate and in the structural dialogue they had with their respective committees .
The Commission can not accept this amendment , since it would reduce the flexibility needed by several Member States to tackle other pressing environmental concerns .
In order to tackle some of the concerns expressed by the European Parliament and the Member States - for instance , concerning security - several amendments have been made to the initial text .
Indeed , the international community should show commitment exceeding that shown to tackle the financial crisis .
Finally , we must continue to keep the focus on tackling the economic crisis .
The renewable energy resources that these countries have at their disposal are essential for their economic and social development , and allow them to move towards a state of energy independence , thus helping to tackle the global crisis .
Do we need more regulation to tackle the financial crisis ?
Key priorities , such as transparency and consumer protection , will be pursued , while a bank crisis framework will aim to prevent and tackle future crises .
Poverty reduction , the fight against climate change and tackling the financial crisis require additional revenue of several hundred billion euro .
The President of the European Commission has dramatically announced that democracy could disappear in Greece , Spain and Portugal unless urgent action is taken to tackle the debt crisis .
These proposals from representatives of the fisheries sector have been on the table for a long time and were designed to tackle the current economic and social crisis , which has been exacerbated by the steep rise in fuel costs .
It means partnership at all levels to tackle the greatest public needs and health inequalities most effectively , not least in the current process of enlargement of the Union , where a much-needed further Commission text is imminent .
The fact that the Irish presidency has highlighted the drugs issue and that all of the Members who spoke here this morning , nearly the majority , considered drugs a priority issue to be tackled by this presidency in an effective way gives carte blanche to the Irish presidency to go ahead and deal with this issue as they see fit .
Let me put on record that it is important that we tackle issues of real importance to people in Europe , not just the global issues , not just the grande politique , but real issues that affect real people 's lives .
Within these 12 key priorities , my colleagues and I will make sure that the issue you have raised is tackled satisfactorily and that the Commission makes no recommendation to start the accession talks unless questions , such as the one you raised , are dealt with satisfactorily .
Health budgets are notoriously overstretched , and there are far more important health issues to tackle than giving subsidies to big pharmaceutical firms .
We can do our best , but what we need from the Greek authorities is a clear show of unity , and a clear show of resolve to tackle the difficult issues in that country .
Mr President , I wish to thank the Commission for the vigour it has exercised in tackling this issue of salmon in Scotland .
I am voting for this own-initiative report since it tackles the current issues in the interminable debate on the ratings industry : specifically , the lack of competition , oligopolistic structures , and the lack of accountability and transparency , primarily as regards rating sovereign debt .
Basically , what I am saying is this : we need to tackle this issue head-on .
This issue can not be tackled appropriately by EU legislation alone , but needs to be discussed at a global level .
That issue must be tackled by this IGC .
I want to ask the President-in-Office to take up the hard option which in our view accompanies the opening conference and that is to begin the process of discussing the complex issue which was not concluded at Amsterdam and which the Luxembourg summit at least had the grace to admit must be tackled .
The future of the common agricultural policy and structural funds , together with the obvious need for a bigger budget in an enlarged Union , are all difficult political issues which should be tackled in parallel with the Intergovernmental Conference .
There is one extremely important issue that must be tackled in the framework of the new cooperation agreements and that is the issue of arms sales .
In a nutshell , the report fails really to tackle the issue and assembles bits and pieces alongside the present existing possibilities to put culture on the agenda both for the EU and between the EU and third countries .
It is also about our creativity , our coherence , taking seriously the interests of our partners and being ambitious as far as opening our trade market and tackling the mobility issue are concerned .
On 15 January , the government presented an ambitious stability programme intended to tackle these issues .
Let us hope , however , that the signature of the memorandum in Sharm el-Sheikh will reinvigorate the peace process and ensure that the outstanding issues on final status are tackled without great delay .
The DAPHNE programme helps in tackling this issue across the EU and those who fail to support this report today should be condemned .
The setting up of an agency specifically created to address all legal and illegal immigration would be highly instrumental in tackling these issues in a comprehensive and integrated manner .
The European Union must of course tackle these issues , including financial stability .
As the country prospers internationally , the gap between the rich and the poor within its borders is widening and I therefore support this report 's emphasis on tackling trade and development issues together .
And in a sense , it comes into building the different elements of what we do well - the work we do on state-building , on justice , on the rule of law , the work we do on development programmes , the work we do on tackling the issues of climate change , the work that we do on providing support to governments and to people - all of that is engineered to make us more secure , stable and prosperous but actually , by doing so , we are creating a more secure , stable and prosperous world .
Global issues such as terrorism and health threats could only be tackled through the multilateral international system , with the UN at its core .
In May 2006 , the Commission adopted a communication on decent work for all , which will be presented at the Commission Conference on Decent Work and Globalisation in December , where the issues will be tackled in a comprehensive framework .
This demonstrates that the subject is of a global nature and the Commission believes that the best way to tackle this issue is to find global and coordinated solutions .
As you have listened to the opinions here , you will agree with me that the most difficult issue we have to tackle is the issue of admissibility - how we can find a solution which would avoid the frustration of citizens , how we can protect EU values , and how we can keep this institute of the European Citizens ' Initiative serious and real .
I voted in favour of this motion for a resolution , because we must ensure that both practical and moral priority be given to tackling the issue of human trafficking and the way in which this trafficking is used as a resource in the labour market .
I would like to tackle some of the issues that were raised , in the couple of minutes I have been afforded .
What plans does the Presidency have to tackle this issue ?
The fifth question related to how the Commission is tackling the MIF issue for card payments .
Firstly , I would applaud the fact that at the G20 meeting , such important issues were tackled as sustainable economic growth , employment and potential climate change phenomena , which could threaten the habitability of our planet .
But before we have a true Community method to tackle these issues , we at least expect Member States to cooperate well among themselves .
Our strategic partnership is strong , and this permits us to tackle all issues , including the most sensitive ones .
It seems that there is a lack of political will on an EU level to provide adequate resources to tackle these issues in a fair manner .
It is only by unlocking people 's imaginations that we can tackle the major issues facing us today , such as climate change , social exclusion , demographic change and unemployment .
In particular , if it is to contribute effectively to the development of a single , competitive , energy market , the Agency needs more powers to tackle cross-border issues and encourage effective cooperation between transmission system operators ( TSOs ) and national regulatory authorities ( NRAs ) .
The priority issues to be tackled in the review are , therefore , the harmonisation and extension of the scope of the directive , further harmonisation and more predictability of the cap-setting and allocation process -- including consideration of competitiveness , more robust compliance and enforcement of the rules and the linking to trading schemes in third countries and increased involvement of developing countries .
We must ensure that any EU directive tackling this issue contains no loopholes and that it is satisfactorily implemented in all member states .
It is true , as you rightly pointed out , that China is still a major source of counterfeited cigarettes , so we have to work in close cooperation with them in order to tackle this issue .
There is also an instinctive sense that these issues can only be tackled effectively at European level .
It is for that reason that the Commission has suggested that the participation in the human rights consultations should be widened to include not only diplomats but also experts from line ministries and agencies responsible for tackling these issues on the ground .
The request for the Commission to draw up an action plan to define the issues to be tackled deserves careful consideration .
Does the Commission have any plans to enable , or indeed force , Member States to increase their checks at external EU borders , in order to tackle the issue of customs fraud ?
Our strategic partnership is strong , which permits us to tackle all issues , including the most sensitive ones .
Within the framework of its legislative proposal , the Commission will therefore include a biofuel sustainability scheme designed to ensure that the biofuel sector plays its part in tackling this issue .
Having such a strong strategic partnership would and does definitely permit us to tackle all issues , including the most sensitive ones .
But I agree that we need to be tackling this issue all the time , coming up with proposals and looking for new openings , because global trade will definitely benefit the global economy and this is what most of the world economy needs at this moment .
The meeting due to take place in Gaza tomorrow between President Abbas and Prime Minister Olmert has unfortunately been cancelled , but at least the leaders of the G8 will tomorrow be tackling the issue of the Palestine-Israeli conflict , as we did at the G8 Foreign Ministers ' meeting .
There are different systems in different Member States so we do not always agree on a common approach , but at least the first step will be taken and many issues like information for patients and other aspects of patients ' rights will be tackled through the healthcare initiative .
The Article 185 initiatives are playing a key role in tackling some of these key issues .
This package represents an opportunity for Europe to show itself at its best : tackling an issue of fundamental long-term importance ; using the European Union 's continental scale to best effect ; turning political consensus into practical action .
The third issue I wanted to tackle is China .
It is very important to tackle the issue of immigration , to manage migratory flows when we achieve the understanding and the cooperation of the countries of origin and transit .
Research institutes and scientists are waiting for rapid , coordinated action from the Commission and Council in order to tackle this issue , so as to allow them equal opportunities for participation in Framework Programmes .
I strongly believe that the EMA should not only act as a shield for consumers in relation to information on medicines , but when consumers are being blatantly overcharged for medicines and national governments are unable to tackle the issue , the EMA should have the ability to address the issue .
I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution on safe recycling of ships as I feel that it is vital for this issue to be tackled as an integral part of a ship 's lifecycle .
Concerning political dialogue , these agreements will aim to tackle a wide range of matters , such as climate change , energy , migration and the fight against drugs .
Of course , it would be possible to arrive at such a very generous interpretation of the Treaty , to allow the EU to tackle the matter .
Those specific points should be specifically tackled by the Commission .
We will tackle that point if there is still any hesitation to be overcome .
It is essential that we in Parliament and the Commission , keep our minds , and our ears and our eyes open , for new ways of tackling the unemployment problem .
It is all too easy to import a problem , but it is very difficult to tackle a problem once it is within our borders .
The URBAN initiative will allow for projects to be undertaken in these areas to tackle the ingrained problems of long-term unemployment and urban decay .
Such marketing makes it increasingly difficult for parents to encourage healthy eating : limits on such marketing are therefore imperative in tackling this problem .
Many Members here are being invited , as I am , to conferences , some organized by presidents-in-office , full of experienced rational experts who want a European contribution to international problems which can not be properly tackled at local or national levels .
EU Governments agreed to create a common area of justice to tackle the common problem of organised crime , especially drug smuggling and human trafficking .
I would only propose a European private company statute if the impact assessment clearly shows that this is the most appropriate instrument to tackle the problems SMEs face today and that the European private company form would be useful to them in expanding their activities and developing their businesses across borders .
We have to tackle both : the problem that was the European Year of Tourism and the systems that are quite inadequate in the Commission - witness the inadequacy with which the report of the Court of Auditors was dealt with .
If the terrible events of 22 December jolt those in a position of responsibility to take the actions required , not only to resolve the conflict , but also to tackle the underlying problems of poverty , deprivation and discrimination which lie behind the Zapatista revolt , the victims of Acteal will not have died in vain .
I have made my view clear in this Parliament that I believe the only way to tackle this serious problem , which faces us all , is at national level , and closer to the people .
Let them also tackle the problems of banking secrecy and tax havens which provide cover for money laundering .
Child obesity is a serious problem in Ireland and in Europe and this problem must be effectively tackled head-on .
We have to tackle the problem of space debris .
It is important that any new legislation in this area is based on sound evidence , not least to ensure that any future law brings forward specific and focused measures to tackle the problems .
Indeed it had been my wish , as Mr Ferber has said , to ensure as rapporteur that this problem was tackled within the directive .
We know the problems that the Member States have in their own waters , so it must be very difficult indeed for these other countries to be able to tackle these problems .
The Union must tackle the problem at its roots to truly improve human rights and economic conditions of people living in those countries .
I wholeheartedly welcome this sensible step to tackle one of the key problems hindering the potential boom in e-commerce across Europe , namely the difficulty in verifying the identity of users and consumers .
You might ask why we are considering using only a recommendation in order to tackle these problems .
Furthermore , as there is rightly widespread opposition to its introduction , emphasising its necessity is a dangerous diversion from tackling the real problems at hand .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Group of the European People 's Party calls on the Commission , and above all the Council , to ensure that this problem is tackled thoroughly , in political and practical terms - under the third chapter of the Barcelona Declaration , and more generally under the European Union 's third pillar - by introducing specific actions for the monitoring and assistance of clandestine immigrants and by negotiating specific measures concerning readmission .
Last June 150 countries adopted a global UN strategy to tackle the worldwide drug problem .
Cooperation to tackle this problem is imperative .
I call upon the Council of Ministers - who , of course , are not here - and also the Commission to remain strong and determined and tackle the problem .
I am very pleased that you are going to tackle it under the new programme on tourism but would the Commission not consider a study of what the extent of this problem might be and how it could be effectively tackled ?
So we have to wonder just how committed the Irish Government is to tackling the problem if it continues to support the Council 's very watered-down amendments .
The Association of European Airlines has gone so far as to intimate that a certain sense of complacency exists in some governments , particularly the British Government , about seriously tackling the problem of air congestion .
His proposals for tackling the problem of large by-catches in sprat fisheries by rigorous controls of landings and closure of fisheries when the by-catch limit is reached are also positive ways forward to ensure the survival and revival of herring stocks .
I would also like to take the opportunity to appeal to you to tackle the real problem that agriculture is facing throughout Europe , and certainly within the United Kingdom , and the problem of the strong pound sterling in its relation to the green pound .
We will also be updating the global approach on migration in the run-up to the December European Council and working to tackle the problem at source in the Euro-African Conference on Migration and Development next month .
But it is clear that if we are to tackle the problem , we need , as Mr Gargani has said - and I think my group would also underline - to move towards a binding European certificate of inheritance .
An early warning system will , we hope , help in the short term but if that was the solution then there would be no need for the long-term computerized way of tackling the problem .
I suspect , Mr President-in-Office , that we lack courage to tackle this major problem .
Through the use of clear labelling , individuals are beginning to realise that they are able to play their part in tackling the problem of international poverty .
The subcontinent of India has enormous potential but , as has been pointed out , many problems and tensions to be tackled particularly in its relationships with its immediate neighbours .
What better way of doing that than engaging the best brains in Europe on behalf of the people to tackle the problems which worry the people ?
For that , either you would need a bilateral agreement with Japan to ensure that they would also apply competition rules in a normal way to open up the markets ; or else we could think what might be done in a broader framework like the World Trade Organization , but specifically designed to tackle competition issues and competition problems .
We therefore need to take a holistic approach in tackling this problem , including involving our major partners .
Parliament will continue to demand of the other European institutions that action is taken , that an international effort is made to tackle what is clearly a global problem .
Of course , sometimes you have cases with which there are additional problems which need more energy to tackle , and this was clearly true of the case to which most of you have referred .
I believe that the islands ' main problems can be tackled more effectively with , for example , horizontal instruments .
The green paper on consumer collective redress proposed various ways of tackling this problem .
And I would like the European Parliament to identify clearly which internal market problems it wants to be tackled with such a directive .
When it comes to developing an interactive handbook to help citizens identify the most appropriate forum for solving their problems , I firmly believe that this excellent new website tackles the problem .
While free movement facilitates trafficking in terms of the removal of border controls , on the other hand , one would imagine that increased police cooperation should be in a position to tackle the problem .
The integrated surveillance mechanism , together with the willingness of the authorities to tackle the problems , is the guardian of a successful implementation of fiscal consolidation measures and structural reforms that will put Greece back on a sustainable path .
We will develop a clear and coherent policy response to tackle this problem in Europe .
The Commission adopted a two-tier approach to tackle these problems : infringement procedures to address incorrect implementation of the rules , and changes to the rules when they were not clear or precise enough .
It also highlights the issues of equality and corruption which need to be tackled within Montenegro and calls for measures to be taken to tackle these problems .
This is also about the political will to tackle tough problems .
So this is where we are in developing a coherent policy response to tackle this huge problem : my link is concrete actions in areas where there are clear legal bases in order to have efficiency , and in this regard , I am going to present a victims ' rights package in May this year in which legislation to help women and children will , of course , be very high on the agenda .
I have to say that talking is no longer enough : it is action we need on global stocks and volatility in the market , and until you start to tackle that problem , you will not solve the problem .
We welcome that because we , the United States , need strong allies and alliances to help us tackle the problems of the 21st century , many which are the same - but so many are different - than the last century .
That is why I think politicians who tackle these problems in a responsible and politically subtle manner are ' cool ' politicians , as are those of us who will vote for Mr Gahler 's report today .
The European Union immediately mobilised resources to tackle the most pressing problems .
The EU and its Member States have been contributing for several years to tackling the development and the security problems in individual Sahel countries , but threats to security transcend national borders and the only possible , the only effective response is a regional and comprehensive one .
Closer cross-border regulation , monitoring and minimum harmonised standards for agents ' contracts would contribute to tackling this problem and are necessary to ensure the integrity of football .
In any case , I must say that I very much hope that the adoption and implementation of the programme will lead to a more favourable climate for tackling Ireland 's financial and economic problems .
By doing more on energy saving , we are also tackling the very practical problems that people face in their lives .
Will it make appropriate representations to the Albanian Government to tackle this problem ?
The current proposal is a breakthrough because it puts victims first and tackles the problem in a complex , cross-border manner .
Measures such as this are crucial in order to give authorities the tools and common purpose they need to tackle this Europe-wide problem .
I ask the Commission to bring forward further programmes along these lines to tackle this life-threatening problem that faces all of Europe .
This should provide , for example , for the establishment of a European coastguard service to tackle the drugs problem , which is a dreadful blight on all our communities .
I said earlier in response to another debate in the House on the common foreign and security policy area that I believe that we need to do much more as a region in a coordinated way to tackle this problem .
I therefore welcome this report , which should go some way to tackling this problem .
Furthermore , regional operating aid is certainly not the best instrument to tackle the local problems of islands .
Otherwise we will be going round in circles without tackling the real problem .
I would like to pay tribute to Jan Mulder for the way in which he tackled these problems .
As I mentioned in my opening remarks , the islands ' main problems can be tackled more effectively with horizontal instruments .
I would urge the Council to instruct the Commission at Amsterdam , once we have the chapter on employment and once we have a pact that balances stability with growth , to come forward with a new model of development that ensures that we can tackle the unemployment problem and social exclusion and to try to help make this a Europe worthy of our citizens .
Do you not think it is time , given the state of the debate on economic and monetary union and the very clear shift of public opinion in Europe now , to rebalance economic and monetary union so that we can prove to the citizens of the European Union that we can have , on the one hand , a successful economic and monetary union and on the other hand , that we can tackle the problem of unemployment ?
It is high time that this problems was tackled much more efficiently than we have been able to do so far .
Those of us with a background in education are absolutely convinced that education is the key to overcoming ignorance and , in turn , to tackling the real problems of racism and nationalism , which , if unchecked will be a serious problem to the European Union .
I want to confirm the positive spirit in which the Commission tries to tackle this kind of problem .
That is why learning from each other across the 27 Member States , sharing best practice and finding common solutions can help us tackle the growing problem .
With regard to state aid , it may be that regional investment aid is not the best instrument to tackle local problems in islands .
To tackle the pollution problems caused by these dangerous substances the Commission has proposed or adopted more than 30 Community acts since the Water Framework Directive was agreed .
That is why we need concerted action at European level : a common economic policy , particularly in the field of public investment , so that we can boost growth rates and tackle the unemployment problem .
The EU can export energy-efficient , clean technology and China can make a contribution to tackling its environmental problems .
Subject : Attempts to tackle the problem of BSE
I do not agree with the British Prime Minister 's view that this problem should be tackled at national level .
To agree with Mrs Jackson , I find that one of the areas missing here is the cost to the citizen of these policies : we need to ensure that Member States tackle this problem in parallel to getting quality right .
For these reasons , the Commission has proposed an emergency package of measures to tackle the immediate social and economic hardship triggered by the dramatic rise in the price of oil , while also tackling the underlying structural problems of the European fleet .
We can say what the producers should produce , but this is not exactly how the Commission should tackle the problem .
Cool too is the British Government and CBI view of another central proposal of the Commission document , to tackle the problem of late payments which so besmirches Europe 's and the UK 's business environment , propelling small firms into insolvency , because the Michael Heseltine view of the acceptability of stringing creditors along still prevails .
While we have a duty to tackle this problem within EU waters , ultimately this a problem which requires international action .
After the war he was a long-serving member of Liverpool City Council and devoted himself to tackling the problems of housing in that city .
If we truly believe in diversification and changing from defenceorientated production to civilian production , then we must tackle this problem .
These measures show the determination of the Greek Government to tackle their structural problems .
I should like to make clear that my group is going to propose an amendment deleting the detail of how the Commission should tackle this question .
Concerning the question to the Commission on the implementation of the EU-Russia visa facilitation agreement that I tabled on behalf of the ALDE Group , I wanted to learn what progress has been made so far and whether we are , at the moment , in a position to expect a breakthrough in tackling technical questions such as the requirement for EU citizens to register with the authorities within three days if staying in a private home in Russia .
If we can make progress on the Statute , then we can tackle the thorny question of our own expenses .
Once again , the directive adopted by the Commission last December , implementing the Market Abuse Directive as regards disclosure of conflicts of interest , could be a good starting point to tackle this question .
A strategy paper will draw on the results of this debate and tackle fundamental questions about the future of Europe .
Therefore , the second amendment tackles this whole question of the ill-fitting caps and , sometimes , no caps at all .
Many who are involved or who have a knowledge of the circumstances recognize that there really has to be the kind of dialogue that tackles simultaneously the various political and economic questions so that there are steps forward as part of a package to which all the parties are committed .
This means measures fail totally to tackle the whole question of animal suffering .
I also deplore their attitude towards the Rational Planning Directive which is a piece of legislation which would allow us seriously to tackle the question of energy efficiency in the distribution sector .
Mr President , I congratulate the rapporteur on tackling the very important question of managing risk and crises in the agricultural sector , and taking the situation of the new Member States into account too .
Therefore , I would ask the Member to hand me the questions he would like to ask the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights to tackle and I will see what can be done in a positive way .
But there are also questions of society which go very deep and which we have to tackle with the help of women 's organisations , with the help of the Ministers in the Member States , with the help of national laws , with the help of European laws , and there is , of course , the terrible question of violence against women .
Let us try to tackle this question on non-compliant parties .
This situation has to be tackled because taxes on the peasants have increased dramatically over recent times because of the need to modernise .
It is time to tackle the underlying poverty situation in Haiti once and for all .
Secondly , Parliament 's report makes a convincing case for the need to adopt a holistic approach to tackling the socio-economic situation of the Roma .
This is a task that must be tackled in tandem with the institutions .
No one who has read the report can be left with any doubt as to the seriousness with which the task has been tackled .
These are massive tasks which the EU seeks to tackle in its proposed action plan .

I should like to make clear that my group is going to propose an amendment deleting the detail of how the Commission should tackle this question .
We should see this Commission as a college and while the individual commissioners must be held accountable , nevertheless we must take an objective view of what is going on and beware of either European party politics or international politics colouring our judgement .
We need to protect these industries which create jobs and boost our economy - not just locally , but in the European domain .
This Treaty does not have to be decided on until the end of 2002 , yet the Irish Government is pressurising the Irish people to vote , although they have only had approximately three weeks to digest the minimum information provided to them .
The tragic events that took place in New York , Washington and Pennsylvania on 11 September have undoubtedly further shaken economic confidence .
Equally , in relation to sheepmeat , important to European , and particularly Irish , farmers - badly managed arrangements with New Zealand mean there are no controls to prevent a deliberate New Zealand policy to flood the EU market at peak production periods .
Moreover , as poverty and lack of local opportunities are amongst the main reasons for children being trafficked , the poverty-reduction approach of our development cooperation is a meaningful basis for attacking the problem .
But , frankly , I find it extraordinary that Mr Solana and Mr Blair and several others can float the idea of creating an executive committee formed out of the Council presidency without referring to the role of the European Commission .
I want the Commissioner to ensure that whatever is brought in is unified throughout the European Union and is financed in a unified way so that no one Member State can pour in more money than another to support their particular industry .
I would also like to take the opportunity to refute the untrue allegation made by the Pakistan ambassador in Washington that the EU/EOM leaked an interim briefing report .
Put simply , increased trade boosts a nation 's economy , raising its GDP .
This actually reduces the import of labour , and also immediately pumps in money to people who are likely to spend their money in rural areas and therefore boost rural economies .
It has instead resulted in steady progress in terms of democracy and in your commitment , and the commitment of your country , to developing good neighbourly relations , respecting the rule of law , boosting the economy through trade and cooperation and working through the Ohrid Framework Agreement over time .
We need to breathe new life into the round .
Right now , if we break the Interinstitutional Agreement , we go back to the Treaty , which gives Parliament a lot more power and a lot more authority .
Small local cottage industries have great scope for boosting local economies .
If we can make progress on the Statute , then we can tackle the thorny question of our own expenses .
Once again , the directive adopted by the Commission last December , implementing the Market Abuse Directive as regards disclosure of conflicts of interest , could be a good starting point to tackle this question .
It is a sensible solution allowing Member States to monitor and control the market and make sure it is not flooded .
I noted with interest the ideas being floated on the possibility of supplying fishing vessels from the Commission , that is to say , European Union fleets to the fishing communities in the affected countries .
By attacking them rather than the problem , the leaders of the groups have missed an opportunity today .
A strategy paper will draw on the results of this debate and tackle fundamental questions about the future of Europe .
It does not matter who you are or what excuse you think you have found for your perverse and nihilistic , violent ideology .
There is no case for breaking these agreements .
Let us rather work together for an outcome that boosts the world 's economy , generates political confidence and helps the world 's poor .
We now have a new and more effective framework to tackle human rights questions : the neighbourhood policy .
At the summit we agreed to make more concrete progress in a series of key areas : boosting research and development with the creation of a European research council ; improving our universities and their links with business ; creating a more competitive energy market ; examining how migration can boost our economy ; how we can use more extensive and better quality child care to give people a fairer balance between work and family life ; how we can re-skill workers to meet the global challenge , and how we can strengthen Europe 's place in the world and our collective security .
No nation should be pouring taxpayers ' money into a corrupt system .
The resolution floats the idea of a solidarity contribution on air tickets , but that should not be the only avenue , and like Mrs Kinnock I should like to suggest other possibilities .
Mr President , I congratulate the rapporteur on tackling the very important question of managing risk and crises in the agricultural sector , and taking the situation of the new Member States into account too .
The UK has shown how free labour markets , coupled with proper social protection , can boost a prosperous economy .
We are therefore trying to suck in the health workers from other countries in order to deal with our own problems .
It would encourage extremist forces and shake business confidence , and nothing would be achieved that can not be achieved by other means .
Can we really restore trust and generate inspiration among the voters if we continue to conduct our policies from one national election to another , finding in them a good excuse not to apply the common policies ?
I am just floating the idea .
Many ideas have been floated on a comprehensive approach to peace in the Middle East .
However , one needs to underline that if we really want to tackle the question of security on board aircraft then cost considerations can only be secondary .
Member of the Commission . - ( CS ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission agrees entirely with the honourable Member that the silver economy is a very promising area of development and should be boosted at local , national and European levels .
Let us try to tackle this question on non-compliant parties .
The idea of a special Lebanon Summit within the Arab League framework has recently been floated .
I would be more than happy to continue this dialogue and to provide more information about how we approach this , because I agree completely with the view that we have to support our industries through this economic recession , be mindful of the poverty and deprivation that can occur , and give new trading opportunities that will actually help boost those economies and those sectors .
In this question we have also floated the idea of establishing a reserve compensation fund , but this must not be seen as a demand on our part or by the Commission .
However , I still believe that the Commission must continue to exploit various ways of attacking this problem , especially through programmes that target not only developing countries , but also certain vulnerable groups and our own Member States , because here too in our European Union , which should really set the world an example as far as the protection of human rights and the rights of women are concerned , there are still problems .
But there are also questions of society which go very deep and which we have to tackle with the help of women 's organisations , with the help of the Ministers in the Member States , with the help of national laws , with the help of European laws , and there is , of course , the terrible question of violence against women .
Therefore , I would ask the Member to hand me the questions he would like to ask the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights to tackle and I will see what can be done in a positive way .
The first is the creation of a European Monetary Fund , which is absolutely necessary and was an idea also floated by Mr Schäuble , the German Minister for Finance .
So we are pleased to have been able to breathe a little more life into this body .
The UK will continue to pour increasing amounts of money into Brussels , yet the one area where some of that money is recouped - albeit very little - is the area the Commission are looking to axe .
While national governments implement drastic cuts , in some cases , with a short-term vision , the EU budget can provide stability and long-term planning to help - through funds such as the structural funds and cohesion funds - create jobs , provide job training and boost European economies through the recovery , particularly by providing structural funds to deprived areas hit the hardest .
Mr President , yes , I am indeed glad that the Commissioner has understood that we are calling for the drawing up of a Green Paper without delay in order to fuel a more in-depth debate on the Commission 's proposals .
Concerning the question to the Commission on the implementation of the EU-Russia visa facilitation agreement that I tabled on behalf of the ALDE Group , I wanted to learn what progress has been made so far and whether we are , at the moment , in a position to expect a breakthrough in tackling technical questions such as the requirement for EU citizens to register with the authorities within three days if staying in a private home in Russia .
I think we should not kill the proposal , but it is obvious that there is no consensus at this stage .
They are close to my heart too , so I can understand why other ideas have been floated to give form to these principles through other possible mechanisms .
Mr President , the European Heritage Label is , without doubt , a very important project , for at least two reasons : firstly , it enables European citizens to feel closer to their common and diverse history and heritage ; secondly it is a good tool for promoting cultural tourism and boosting the economy .
I can well understand why consumer confidence should be shaken at this moment .
It would be easier for us to do that if we had some serious indications that Israel is really willing to breathe new life into the peace process .
Targeted EU spending is one way in which we can boost local economies and bring jobs to our communities .
It is paramount that these directories are given prominence in the UK market and are not expunged by allowing EU companies to flood the British market under the aegis of EU trade legislation .
It is a positive report , supported unanimously in the Committee on Budgetary Control , and I hope the Commission will acknowledge it for what it is - a sensible approach to working jointly to attack the twin problems we have to face .
But in micro-economic terms at the level of the salmon industry consider the implications of Norway , a state outside the Union which produces a massive surplus for export - and has the potential to produce much more in the immediate future - and floods our market to such an extent that the anti-dumping case when it is examined will hold .
I also deplore their attitude towards the Rational Planning Directive which is a piece of legislation which would allow us seriously to tackle the question of energy efficiency in the distribution sector .
Secondly , I want to turn to something that the Irish Prime Minister , Mr Bruton , said about the role of government in trying to create jobs and boost the economy .
You can not even begin to attack the problem .
This means measures fail totally to tackle the whole question of animal suffering .
In the UK the previous Tory government cast a great deal of doubt on whether or not the euro would actually happen .
The Commission has floated this idea of a high-level trade and environment meeting in Geneva in the autumn bringing together top-level policy-makers to push forward the debate on how to strengthen the CTE 's work .
Where the Pirker text puts the case for enforcement penalties for trafficking , pushing and consumption of synthetic drugs , the Greens seek to delete the reference to consumption .
Many who are involved or who have a knowledge of the circumstances recognize that there really has to be the kind of dialogue that tackles simultaneously the various political and economic questions so that there are steps forward as part of a package to which all the parties are committed .
So it was a competition case and this case showed the Americans that they could not tackle this kind of question through the instruments of the World Trade Organization .
If Pörtschach can breathe new life into the vision of a united Europe by pointing the way forward on these three concepts - peace , prosperity and security - then it will be setting a new and relevant agenda for the coming years .
We are breathing new life into the Western European Union , which should have actually been defunct last year .
Fresh information has come to light since the hearing in The Sunday Times this weekend which casts further doubt on whether Mr Busquin was truthful in his answers to Parliament .
Therefore , the second amendment tackles this whole question of the ill-fitting caps and , sometimes , no caps at all .
The European Union is rightly extending export opportunities for Russian companies in EU markets to boost the Russian economy .
My own view as a former development minister is that these issues should be mainstreamed themselves and tackled at the heart of training and not turned into a sort of optional add-on .
We have to find some way of putting pressure on such countries to do just that so we can reconnect with our citizens .
With eight out of ten people in Europe living in urban areas , it is right that we help our most deprived communities to tackle the all too familiar problems of deprivation , social exclusion , joblessness , crime , drug dependency and all the problems that are associated with that .
Instead , communities in urban areas should be encouraged to present integrated action plans to tackle their specific urban problems , using EU resources as a value added to local actions .
We need to deploy the energies of the unemployed , the underused skills of youth and the experience of age to tackle these problems .
It is extremely important both for the producer and the consumer that we restore confidence and the only way we can do it is by rigorously tackling the problem and resolving it .
The broad principles are surely ones we should be able to accept - the broad principles that we wish to reduce hazardous waste leaking into the groundwater , the broad principles that we should be aiming to ensure that chemicals , which we all need in society in all circumstances , should not be finding their way into our water system .
It is absolutely crucial that we tackle the coherence issue in a realistic and pragmatic way , which means holding the debate in the appropriate institutional framework , that is , the Council and Parliament .
The reason she can not do so is because , as some honourable Members have pointed out , she is in Hungary and Romania to see for herself the extent of the damage and how best we can help the Hungarian and Romanian authorities to tackle the crisis .
I also commend the work of the rapporteur , whose commitment reflects the strength of feeling within our committee to tackling this particular problem and a strong desire amongst parliamentarians of all parties to call a halt to this environmentally disastrous practice .
My amendment calls upon the Commission to monitor the Member States to see that they carry out the necessary inspections set out in these regulations , because if we are to mount a successful campaign to contain and eradicate tuberculosis and brucellosis , then the proper implementation of these regulations will be essential .
Business-to-consumer communications are particularly important for the elderly , the housebound and for those with family responsibilities who are finding it difficult to juggle work and career , overwhelmingly women .
Verification is another matter that needs to be tackled with Member States , because they are guilty as well .
The background to this is from our point of view continued prevarication on the part of the United States ' administration whose attitude has , in the past , given us insufficient guarantees that they are willing to negotiate seriously through ICAO to find a way out of our difficulties .
It is only by joint across-the-board action that we can tackle this issue , not least by agreeing to extra-territorial application of criminal laws .
The disincentive of high capital costs of connection to the grid from remote renewable sites and the prevention of transmission penalties are other issues which the directive should tackle .
It is important that we find a new way of doing it .
All those who have endeavoured to tackle the problem of the European economy so far have done so within the context of the old economy .
It was possible for the EU to tackle politically sensitive issues , such as good governance and human rights , with African leaders at the summit .
I must strongly support the rapporteur and his suggestions that the Commission should be tackling the issues of major topics , such as the importance and the overall impact of the programme in relation to the agreed objectives rather than individual programmes .
I very much hope that the Socialist Group will change their mind , get their heads out of the sand and realise that this is the problem which we have to tackle and that it is better to do it now rather than later .
We have been able to tackle the problem of the possibility of maternal transmission by also taking out those animals that might be at risk because of their ancestry .
I can say that we have left no stone unturned in tackling this problem , including the removal of entire herds where an infected animal has in fact been diagnosed .
I hope that is a problem which we will be able to tackle .
However my principal concern at the moment is not how we get from A to Z - that often seems rather easier than getting from A to B . What we have to do - whatever the long term objective may be is - to find better ways of managing our external assistance straightaway .
I very much hope , Commissioner , that we will disseminate this kind of information in Zimbabwe because those people trying to mount an opposition campaign will be heartened by the kind of information that we have had from you today and I think that would be important .
Mrs Karamanou ' s report has clearly demonstrated that the subject of readmission rules between European Union Member States , although a very technical and specific issue , touches upon some very sensitive policy issues that simply need more thorough reflection and preparation before they are again tackled by the Union .
We need to tackle this issue urgently and swiftly but in a coherent way .
We also need to find other permissible ways of reducing the costs associated with transport to island and outlying communities .
It is that problem that this particular proposal aims to tackle .
If there are no further interventions , this debate is closed and we shall continue the debate on human cloning .
Can we not get together and find a way of dealing with stem research without experimenting directly on human beings ?
If the budgetary authority agrees , a number of these posts could be allocated to tackle the kind of problems which we are discussing today .
The Commission 's communication focused on the policy strategy to tackle this important problem .
The issue of Fiji is important , not only in its own right , but because it will set a precedent as to whether semi-clandestine coups-in-waiting along similar lines will see the light of day and whether Europe and the rest of the developed world is prepared to tackle the issue of indigenous rights - the Third World 's variant of the racism that is threatening us all .
There can be no reason why Member States , acting in a uniform way , would necessarily be able to tackle this problem more effectively than individual Member States and , above all , there can be no reason for taking such a close interest in ordinary aspects of people ' s working lives .
It needs a fundamental legal framework with innovative , non-legislative solutions and that is why I support Mrs Wallis ' proposals : looking at the potential of ADR systems , looking at trustmarks , supporting small businesses in voluntary codes of good conduct , and finding mutually satisfactory ways to solve disputes .
It is a sensible position in helping us to work with business and consumers that we can ensure that court action is only the last resort and we can find better ways to resolve disputes .
The shared aim of all of us is to try to find a balanced way of protecting consumers and shielding SMEs from differing Member State jurisdictions .
Can we try to find some way of conveying our views to the Russian Government and sorting out this question of freedom of the press and expression which bedevils relations between the Russian Federation and the European Union ?
We have to find a way of simplifying things for citizens themselves and for the administrators of these systems .
In our efforts to tackle the health and environmental situation in the Balkans , the Commission has established a twin-track approach .
I ask Commissioner Patten in closing the debate , first to assure us that the facility will be utilised in response to crises world-wide in support of the EU 's development goals and not just in Europe 's own backyard .
We must tackle that particular problem .
I hope Mr Costa 's work , his report and the conclusions we will reach tomorrow will provide a framework within which we can begin to tackle these problems .
I commend Mr Costa 's report , his work and , above all , his ability to bring us all together in a single common objective of trying to tackle the transport crisis .
Algeria must also find a way of addressing the past crimes of terrorists who have renounced violence .
In due course we also need to tackle the issue of agricultural trade .
Emphasis will also be put on tackling a series of structural problems in the country and , in particular , political , social and economic reforms .
That is an excellent answer with which to close this debate .
Illegal immigration and human trafficking is a key issue for the European Union , and we must work together to tackle this challenge .
Agents will still find a way of getting round that .
We need further assurances and guarantees on transparency and market consultation and on democratic oversight , but I hope we and the other two European Union institutions can find a way to make these proposals work .
The result has undermined both the country-of-origin principle and the principle of the single passport , because operators still face multiple , overlapping and sometimes conflicting sets of rules when they trade across the European Union - just the problem which the ISD was supposed to tackle .
Important landmarks are : the agreement to close non-upgradeable units in Lithuania , Slovakia and Bulgaria ; the support that the programme has given to the nuclear regulators ; the short-term urgent safety improvements made to some reactors ; the design and operational improvements in upgradeable reactors and also considerable assistance to tackle the problems related to radioactive waste and spent fuel .
The security issues will also be tackled in the upcoming communication on security of electronic networks that should be presented in time for the Gothenburg European Council .
So it can help break the cycle of poverty and unemployment .
Of course , we can find other ways of cooperation .
Our common future depends on finding an effective way to ensure integration and sustainability .
We have proposed the use of thematic strategies for defining the set of measures that will be needed to tackle six complex and multi-dimensional problems .
The European Union will seek to protect natural resources that lie at the root of economic development , to strive for the promotion of eco-efficiency , promote the sustainable use of water land and energy as well as try and ensure that the vicious cycle of poverty and environmental degradation is broken .
The European Union will seek to protect natural resources that lie at the root of economic development , to strive for the promotion of eco-efficiency , promote the sustainable use of water land and energy as well as try and ensure that the vicious cycle of poverty and unenvironmental degradation is broken .
What strikes me is the sheer naivety of both the Commission and the Council in tackling such a highly political issue as if it were nothing more than a technical decision .
Other points the House makes concerning , for example , mission statements , redeployment , new delegations , monitoring and evaluation will be tackled in the communication on the development of the external service , which we will be bringing forward shortly .
It is very timely , therefore , that this summit will be addressing key environmental issues which need to be tackled , both within the Union and in a more global context .
The joint debate is closed and that concludes the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
It is incumbent upon us to find a better way rather than witness the senseless slaughter we have recently seen .
If we are replacing or enhancing our legal system and access to justice , these issues are key to civil society and they can not and must not be tackled without the input of democratically elected Members .
And secondly , to acquire the technology to break the cycle of dependency on us and seize the opportunity to be self-sufficient , self-reliant through their own local enterprise .
We very much appreciate the work of the Dutch Minister , Mr Pronk , in seeking to find a way to solve the unresolved issues left over from The Hague , and we would appreciate it if the Commission could give us its view on how successful he has been to date and whether or not the work he has done has now cleared the way forward .
Secondly , we must give them the appropriate technology - third world technology - which they can then use to start local enterprises to break this cycle of dependency on us .
Until we find a way of encouraging all the Member States to do this , there is no point in one Member State doing it , there is no point in two or even three , four or five Member States : it has to be right across the board of all Member States or else you will end up with massive recriminations between Member States as to who is doing what .
As I have already said , in the interests of greater transparency the Commission is now publishing its decisions to send letters of formal notice , to issue reasoned opinions , to refer cases to the Court or to close or withdraw cases immediately a decision has been taken .
These inquiries are now very close to completion whereupon a decision will be taken , either to close the case or to launch formal infringement proceedings under Article 226 .
We are following very closely every activity there .
The decision of Member States to make the Union an area of freedom , security and justice should provide a basis for urgency in tackling a growing terrorist challenge .
Those are the critical issues we have to tackle .
Therefore the Commission should give particular attention to ways of tackling this unacceptable situation for women in Europe .
Mr President , European policy that tackles environmental problems is justified since air and water pollution are issues which extend across our national borders .
This marks a first step in tackling the issue .
The problem we are discussing here today and the challenges it involves tell us that Europe now needs to get organised and find a way of achieving what the world needs to achieve .
We have to find a way of strengthening the ability of all the European institutions to carry on taking a leading role in international human rights and anti-discrimination work .
Commissioner , the European Union is facing several major challenges , which it will have to meet as quickly as possible if it wants to mount an effective , coherent and long-term campaign against terrorism , with particular reference to breaking up the terrorist networks .
The US Federal Reserve has now dropped the federal funds rate to 2.5 % - a 39-year low .
His call for the EU to devote 10 % of our development aid to tackling this problem , his emphasis on preventative action with the 15-24 year-old age group in relation to AIDS , and his proposal for a global fund for infectious diseases and the establishment of an EU research agency should be the cornerstone of any new EU policy in this area .
We acknowledge that there are human rights problems in that country to be tackled , but we welcome its partnership in the fight against terrorism .
The Commission has been implementing measures since May of last year to tackle this problem .
By giving those setting up the teams the discretion to determine their composition and to express objections when necessary , it seems to me that this point has been tackled very effectively .
It is a question of finding the best possible way to alleviate the effects of what I believe to be , if you pardon the expression , the chronicle of a death foretold .
Perhaps we are finding a way of having a more civilised relationship with the NGOs than was evident in Seattle and Genoa ?
We have been to the fore with in bringing forward innovative programmes tackling common diseases such as cancer , biological hazards , risks to food and food safety , and also the ongoing problems of BSE and foot-and-mouth disease .
Mr Lagendijk and Mrs Morgantini and others spoke about the moving speeches that we had heard this morning about the sacrifice of the next generation because the present generation can not find a way of living peacefully together .
We clearly state that under no circumstances should the Palestinian Authority or its presidency be harmed or targeted if a way out of this crisis is to be found .
Mr President , I understand that the debate is closed , but I am here and I am ready to continue .
I can only hope that the Commission and the Spanish presidency acting together will begin to tackle this very important matter in the months ahead .
In a broader framework , it is crucial to ensure a swift ratification and a coordinated implementation of the UN Palermo Convention against transnational organised crime and its two protocols on trafficking and smuggling , which now form the basis for a global recognition of the problem and a stronger approach to tackle it .
This has given rise to frustration , but Commissioner Nielson is tackling these problems with some vigour .
More damage to the environment will probably be done and we have to find a way , without being culturally imperialist about it , to ensure that rapid economic development in the countries of eastern and central Europe does not damage the environment , particularly the natural environment , in the new Member States .
The British government made a similar declaration in June 1999 hoping that a way could be found to get agreement on the inclusion of terrorist acts in the future .
This means , in Barcelona , agreeing important economic reforms , finding the way towards reform of the common agricultural policy , and moving towards reforms of our institutions .
We all accept the need to support farming in rural communities , but we have to find different crops and different ways of supporting them in the future .
It is very difficult to find a subject which does not fall under those three but , in the light of the way in which this has been prepared , we in this House and our committees will find the right way in debates to put forward where we think the priorities lie .
Let me briefly recall why we are tackling the specific problem of electrical and electronic waste .
Not radically tackling the language issue now will only get worse after enlargement when there are 40 million Polish speakers who also want their language to be given the same priority as , say , Italian or Spanish .
So it is quite an important question to try and find a way of dealing with the whole market in a way that is sensitive to both sources of production .
Our ongoing efforts will be particularly important because the future convergence of the media - television , computers , the Internet - will mean that we will have to find new ways to really guarantee that young people and human dignity will be protected .
The Commission is finalising a draft regulation on official feed and food controls , in which the issue of sanctions will be tackled .
Albania needs to ensure long-term political stability as a sine qua non to tackle the difficult challenges ahead .
That in turn leads to low-income countries , which leads to malnutrition , and that is the cycle we want to break .
And , in the meantime , consumers across the European Union will have to pay , as they have always done , and as they will continue to do unless we tackle the issue of the cartel .
Everybody will agree that political violence should be overcome by political means but could the rapporteur tell me how I , as an individual Member , can put this internal European Union question on to the agenda of this House to tackle this urgent and important issue ?
The issue of human rights and missing persons was tackled , but unfortunately , taking into account the brevity of the meeting , too briefly .
Sooner or later , we have to tackle , within this general issue of allergies and labelling , the issue of a special interest which has always stood in the way of accurate labelling of some products and of applying the same provisions to all products .
While we understand and appreciate that many issues we tackle over the next few months will be very difficult , please do not let us delay .
We must face up to the huge number of farmers in these enlargement states and we must find some way of helping them to restructure their agriculture as and when they come into Europe .
But - and this is a crucial issue she did not mention - it allows the industry , and everyone else involved , to tackle the issue on a broad front because we know that simply making the front end of cars more resilient in the event of a crash is a second option .
It is very clear that the problem of illegal immigration in Europe is one that needs to be tackled and I welcome the agreement reached by our leaders to intensify their coordinating efforts at sea and land borders to halt illegal immigration into the Union .
However , it has to be recognised that the factors which contributed to shaping this outcome could not be controlled by the ECB .
We must be serious when we say we must find a way of solving that .
In the years when I had something to do with this in an academic capacity , it was notorious that it was extremely difficult within the sociology of law to find reliable ways of assessing the impact of legislation which was in force .
We strongly believe that multilateral arrangements and conventions , the UN , the G8 , the OSCE and others are the key to tackling the security , development and environmental problems which confront the world .
In the EU , we know how much more we can achieve by pooling our resources and setting common standards and by tackling together environmental problems which have cross-border implications .
Openness about those problems and the measures taken to tackle them will make us better able to reassure the doubters .
After the successful conclusion of the Kyoto conference in Bonn , the Commissioner told the press that we could now tell our grandchildren that we did something to tackle the problem of climate change .
So both are issues we must try to tackle at the same time .
The European Union must demonstrate that it can achieve the same vision , imagination and commitment by significantly raising its own financial contribution and offering real European leadership in tackling the most devastating global challenge of our times .
As regards benchmarking , you are right that perhaps we could find a better way to enforce the procedure .
As Mr Pérez Álvarez has pointed out this evening , the issue was also tackled in the framework of the directive on temporary and mobile work sites , but in a fairly limited way .
Why have we not identified the country-specific problems , so that we can focus our aid on attacking the causes of poverty ?
Iran needs to understand that Europe is extending the hand of friendship and that ways can be found to live together without Iran losing either its identity or its opposition to the worst of Western values .
Could the Commissioner tell us how that issue is going to be tackled ?
The Commissioner 's powerful leadership has accepted no obstacle that would delay enlargement and he and his team have successfully tackled and overcome immense and daunting problems and have brought us to the happy position we enjoy today .
To this I would like to say that CESAR is a new organisation which needs time to develop itself and to find a proper way of acting .
We have been actively pursuing these cases and therefore four out of the nine cases presented in the report have already been successfully closed .
Instead , we need to tackle these matters as individual states and take tougher measures to discourage traffickers and bogus asylum seekers .
I am very pleased that the European Parliament supports this approach , even though we have yet to find a satisfactory way of involving Parliament more in the open method of coordination .
I hope that the Commission will look at that and find a way of engaging them more coherently in EU activities .
We can learn how the United States tackles this problem , in relation not only to prevention - it saves some USD 6 billion per year by preventing incidents like this - but to its response when incidents do happen .
In short , we have gone a very long way to find creative ways to improve Kosovo 's economic situation and we will continue to do so .
So we need to find a sustainable way of keeping people active and healthy for as long as possible .
We have a moral obligation to create permanent peace and stability , tackle the problem of the warlords , improve human rights , especially , as other speakers have pointed out , women 's rights , and establish real democracy in Afghanistan .
The agreement provides an additional forum for tackling these concerns .
If those issues are tackled , aquaculture can provide , as I said earlier , a good source of good food for our population as well as creating jobs .
In South Korea , the election of Kim Dae-jung as president in the late 1990s meant that the economic crisis there was tackled effectively and also resulted in efforts to implement the sunshine policy of trying to achieve normalisation of relations with North Korea .
It should also tackle the important issue of the abolition of the death penalty , and again , we call on the EU to sponsor a resolution inviting all states to introduce a moratorium on executions with a view to the total abolition of the death penalty , and we reiterate our request to the US , China , Saudi Arabia , Congo , Iran and other states to immediately end all executions .
We have a moral obligation to support the effort of finding the way to provide urgently needed medicines to people in developing countries .
Immigration numbers are one of our citizens ' priorities , and one of the areas where they clearly expect us to tackle the problem at European level .
The attempts that have been made at European level to tackle this problem are inadequate .
There are certainly many people who believe that qualified majority voting and codecision procedures should be used to tackle immigration issues .
The White Paper proposes to tackle this situation by gradually breaking the link between transport growth and economic growth or an increase in GDP , while recognising that economic growth will generate greater needs for mobility .
They have our sympathy and support in tackling the many problems they face : pollutants , locusts and AIDS , to name but three .
The perpetrators of these crimes have never been apprehended , and many cases have simply been closed .
A number of Member States could only accept any sort of agreement if the issue of residence taxation of pension payouts versus source taxation was also tackled .
Having created an unnecessary and artificial military divide , the EU and NATO have had to spend two years on negotiating and arrangements to enable the European Union and NATO to find a way of working together .
That industry is starting to reconfigure and to work together with support from the British Government , using European funds , to tackle these issues .
So clearly , a significant amount of work is required to be done to tackle these problems .
We believe that the piecemeal approach to tackling fraud within the EU has been insufficient , and , whilst agreeing with the establishment of Eurojust , OLAF , strengthening the Court of Auditors and fraud-proofing legislation , we do not believe that these measures will tackle the problem of prosecution of EU fraud .
We also tackled the issues of Members ' expenses and payment of the pensions .
Mr President , on behalf of the PSE Group I welcome this proposal and many of the amendments tabled by colleagues , and those tabled by the rapporteur who has already worked very hard to find a sensible way forward on this .
We must find a way to stop that .
We negotiated this in Johannesburg and we are now trying to tackle the problem .
I hope that we can find a way of making it legally valid .
In concluding , it seems to me that we need a long-term European strategy to know what we want before we can shape a transatlantic strategy and think on similar terms with the Americans .
In addition there is a need to ensure that research develops products which tackle health requirements as distinct from lifestyle issues .
Mr President , I should like to congratulate Mr van den Bos on his report , but may I state quite categorically that , in addition to freedom of religion , we must be equally committed to freedom of conscience and the freedom , as Mr Gahler said , not to follow any religion .
We need to understand - and I want to make a strong case for this - that capacity constraints are an essential part of how we deal with the ability of developing countries to tackle the trade issues that they face at this time , in bilateral , regional , and multilateral negotiations .
Opponents of the directive have mounted a very vocal and , at times , even personal campaign based on half-truths and misconceptions which play on legitimate concerns over competitiveness , especially for smaller firms .
We have had to find legally sound ways to extend those provisions up to 2007 , in cooperation with our friends and colleagues on the Committee on Budgetary Control .
A second problem highlighted by Mr Andersson , and one that we really have to redouble our efforts to tackle , is the need to raise the effective retirement age , not the statutory retirement age .
The deadly cycle of attack and reprisal has to be broken .
It will get time if there is no violence , and I believe the international force could break the cycle of violence .
It has actually tackled this issue as we asked it to do .
We thank the Commission for tackling those complex issues we did not at first expect .
Mr Davies has already mentioned that there are some technical issues that we still have to tackle .
That is the right way to tackle this issue .
If you tackle that you are tackling the socio-economic problems , instead of going at it in the opposite direction .
We need to find a way of getting the money to the people who are actually going to do some good with it .
Commissioner Patten has repeatedly contacted the Sri Lankan Prime Minister Wickremesinghe by telephone encouraging him to find a way to return to constructive and functional co-habitation with President Kumaratunga .
But how can we compromise , how can we find a way out between two radically different solutions ?
Mrs de Palacio , when we discussed the Liberalisation Directive , we as a Parliament said that we should tackle this problem under the EU Treaty .
We should mount a strong front to tackle the problem of criminal acts driven by greed .
It is perfectly possible to retain the integrity of the Common Foreign and Security Policy , and the relationship with the Council and Member States while , at the same time , drawing on all the competences for which the Commission is responsible and which , taken together , should give us a real possibility to shape an external actions strategy which meets the demand of the 21st century .
As the last speaker said , whilst there is corruption , mismanagement , fraud and bad governance , we have to tackle the problem of poverty in Africa .
Our overriding approach as a presidency will be to support African-led initiatives to tackle the enormous challenges the continent faces .
We must tackle these challenges and embrace these opportunities together , united by our shared interest in the success of the Union .
Taoiseach , there are those who contend that the only truly important issue to be tackled under the sixth Irish presidency of the European Union is that of the completion of the IGC , the issue of the Constitution .
Thank you , Commissioner.The debate is closed.The vote will take place on 29 January 2004 .
Having said that , the manner in which we tackle that problem is not all that obvious .
Here in Europe , your birth rates and death rates have dropped dramatically .
It would be sensible to think about measures to tackle this issue and we clearly agree with Mr Katiforis on this .
I believe that great credit is due to the Commission , in particular Commissioner Byrne , for systematically putting forward a series of legislative proposals which aim to address each of the issues that needed to be tackled to guarantee our consumers a safe and traceable product , from farm to fork .
The forthcoming session of the Commission on Human Rights will provide a further opportunity to tackle the issue of human rights and terrorism , and to build on the endorsement by the Third Committee of the proposal that the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights should examine the protection of human rights when fighting terrorism .
No democrat could , or would , fear the prospect of multiple debates , but clarity and rigour in all discussions would obviously be served best by ensuring that each salient issue is tackled on its own terms and merits .
We have seen GDP growing by almost 5 % , the rate of inflation dropping significantly , a surge in foreign investment and a major cut in unemployment levels .
-- Thank you very much , Commissioner.The debate is closed.The vote will take place tomorrow , Wednesday , at 12 noon .
My colleagues agreed with my proposal that discussions should be on two overarching themes -- sustainable growth and employment -- as the key challenges needed to be tackled urgently .
If we fail to grasp this essential point we shall destroy ourselves , disinherit our children and betray Europe and our own countries .
As I have been saying for the last five years , we have to find better ways of getting ministers who sign up to these agreements to keep to their word .
Establishing an EU coastguard would be a tangible way of doing this because it would tackle the real concerns of those we represent .
The nature of the agreement on the next funding round will have a critical impact on how the Union equips itself to tackle forthcoming challenges , including those most relevant to the quality of life and economic prospects of our citizens .
However , irrespective of how complex the issues are or how sensitive they are , if there is a political will , a way will be found to resolve those conflicts and sensitive issues .
You were able to find a way for those countries to ensure that their vital national interests were not overturned or upset , in particular as regards the doctrine of conferral within that Treaty , clarifying the issues of subsidiarity and proportionality , as well as ensuring the continuation of equality between all Member States and in the application of the rules .
A key issue in this respect is increased cooperation between port authorities in order to tackle , among other things , the problem of port hopping .
If the cycle of violence can be broken , Europe can help train policemen , judges and teachers .
I would like the President-in-Office to reaffirm his commitment to continue this kind of process to find the best way of ensuring that people know exactly what we do and what we do not do at European level .
We need to find a way to give the Palestinian Authority more political room for manoeuvre and to do this in return for cast-iron guarantees on security and reform .
Provided that there are no further significant shocks to prices , annual inflation rates should drop below 2 % in the course of 2005 .
Therefore we have to find some way to allow the procurement to begin before the crisis-management operation is formally adopted so that the supplies are available as soon as the operation starts , or very shortly thereafter .
In Ireland , social spending cuts provide money to fuel economic growth .
We have to ensure not only that we implement Kyoto -- which , as we know , will do nothing to combat climate change but will simply slow down the process -- but also that we involve developing nations , raise the targets and find ways of changing public policy in ways that are politically acceptable and involve the United States .
When a friendly solution was not possible , the case was closed with a critical remark or a draft recommendation was made .
We also have neighbours and we need to better structure our relationship with them , to tackle common problems and promote stability .
A simplifying treaty could have tackled the real issues : relative economic decline , fraud and waste , and greater involvement of national parliaments in the decision-making processes .
The poverty - reduction approach through EU development cooperation is a sound basis for tackling the problem as it gives priority to equitable growth and to better access to education .
The Commission 's priority today is to listen to your views , answer your questions and agree on how we can best tackle the two main tasks we now face , namely how to turn our conditional pledge rapidly into concrete money on the budget , and then to turn those funds into effective reconstruction programmes on the ground that will help people rebuild their shattered lives .
We need to find a way to bring all the actors together in what we have called a partnership agreement , because I am certain that if , with the arrival of the US President , the opportunity is taken by the incoming administrations on both sides to shape a new strengthened transatlantic partnership , we all will be beneficiaries .
The debate on Ukraine is closed .
Since there are signs that the cycle of violence between the two sides can be broken , we have to do everything we can to consolidate the ceasefire and secure withdrawal from Gaza , and then move forward with the roadmap for a two-state solution .
How can we tackle more successfully such issues as education , employment , gender equality , democracy , the free movement of persons , and migration rights ?
Mr President , I would like once again to congratulate this Parliament and the Commission on tackling the issue of Tibet .
They can not find their connections unless they know them personally .
Parliament has rightly pointed out a number of levels on which the issue can be tackled .
It is illogical to use different strands of the cohesion policy to tackle their socio-economic problems .
When the debate with the Greek authorities is closed I will be able to inform you in writing what programmes have been affected and to what extent .
In line with the international community , the European Union feels that these agreements offer an initial platform for tackling the various crises besetting Sudan , thereby providing a comprehensive and lasting solution to Sudan 's various crises , Darfur among them .
I have little doubt that the report will eventually pass through this place and find its way onto the statute books of every Member State .
Mr President , I would like to praise the Commission -- or some Commissioners at any rate -- for having produced , on 18 May , a paper from which I shall now quote : ` We must bring more light to bear on the way we work and find new ways to reconnect with the European public . '
We deeply regret this and will try to find other ways to increase cooperation between Member States .
The new convention should also be asked to break the rigid relationship between the first , second and third parts and to create a proper hierarchy between them , so that in Part III the policies become distinctly subsidiary to Part I .
We must find a way because we can not afford to lose the reforms contained in this Constitution .
I know it is very complicated and difficult , but very rarely do we hear any details of what is happening on the ground in these parts of the world and how we are tackling the serious problem of children with HIV and AIDS .
I equally share your view that the efforts of social partners and civil society are absolutely necessary in tackling the problem of poverty and social exclusion .
The Commission has acted by deciding to open an infringement procedure and acted again by deciding to close the case when it received a satisfactory answer from the UK authorities .
You are always welcome in the European Parliament.The debate is closed.The vote will be on Tuesday .
-- The debate on this item is closed .
In Ireland , as in many other places , we can not begin to deal with the problem of deteriorating human health or clean up our environment without tackling the problem of old mines and the waste that was left behind when the mines were closed and the mining companies dissolved .
The first is that in our globalised world no single nation can tackle these problems alone , even in its own country .
This issue is extremely complex but I hope in the light of the adoption of this report the institutions can cooperate to find continuing effective ways to protect our young people .
This assistance will not , however , achieve its desired results unless Israel and the Palestinian Authority tackle such important issues as movement of people and goods between Gaza and the West Bank and the outside world , the greenhouses , operation of the border terminals , the dismantling and removal of settlers ' homes and movement of people within the West Bank .
However , I think anybody who was present in this Chamber this morning and had the opportunity to hear the UK Home Secretary speak , again on behalf of the Presidency , in relation to data protection measures , would have a very clear understanding as to the importance that we attach to the service that can be provided by data protection measures , and the need for a transnational approach to tackling not just issues such as people trafficking and organised crime , but also the pressing threat of international terrorism .
There is no reason why every single institution should not take a hard look at itself to determine what the most important issues to be tackled are and how legislation can be improved and made more relevant to the people .
We need to find a pragmatic way to ensure a smooth legislative conclusion to the comitology provisions in the Capital Requirements Directive .
We must continue to find ways of cooperating with China and if each side of the relationship tries hard enough to understand and accommodate the basic concerns of the other , by looking ahead in a proactive way , the future is bright .
The final related point , beyond today 's agenda but which we will eventually need to tackle , is how to improve conditions for young people to settle in another EU country .
Like most RNA viruses , it reproduces sloppily , its genes readily fall apart , and it can absorb different genetic material which recombines in a process called reassortment .
-- Mr President , I agree with everybody who has said that we are facing a veterinary crisis which must be tackled urgently .
The Highly Indebted Poor Countries Initiative achieved moderate success in tackling debt relief for the 42 poorest countries in the world , but this was only an initial effort by the developed world to tackle the problem of debt relief itself .
First of all we must disseminate the importance of digital switchover ; secondly , we must sensitise our colleagues to its fundamental economic importance and , thirdly , we must start to tackle politically the issue of how we deal with spectrum allocation and the digital dividend .
Arbitration has obviously been a failure , but the Commission must try to ensure that the trade can continue until such time as you , in conjunction with the Development and Trade Commissioners , can find a viable way of ensuring that other sources of income can be found for poor farmers in the Windward Islands so that they continue to have a future .
It is great to see all the members of your Commission here , but we want to see you working much better together , in more integrated policy-making , in order to tackle that crucial issue that you yourself put at the top of your agenda , which is that of competitiveness , jobs and growth in Europe .
There are encouraging signs that the next G8 presidencies -- Russia and Japan -- fully intend to do so and I have every confidence in the EU 's continued determination to tackle this vital issue .
I remain deeply concerned that the United States continues to choose to tackle the climate change issue through unilateral activities .
As I travel to Montreal next month as part of the European delegation , I look forward to seeing the global players face the reality of this year and work together as partners in tackling this extremely important global problem .
In relation to China , we also see an important focus on the development and demonstration of near-zero emissions power generation , and I agree with Mrs Beckett that carbon capture and storage is one of the means of tackling the problem of climate change .
Finally , we must mount a serious campaign at the United Nations for sanctions against Burma .
Real export growth of 9 % helped it to grow by 4 % , but a successful DDA tackling barriers to trade will continue to fuel world growth for years to come .
We all agree that we need to find an effective way of making progress on services .
In the tradition of British governments since 1972 , it is almost certain that Mr Blair will surrender the British national interest -- in this case the budget rebate -- while no doubt still finding a way of trumpeting it as a triumph of diplomacy .
Limiting that support today means breaking the contract .
The new governments have demonstrated a real commitment to tackle these problems and we have seen some progress , but there is still a long way to go .
The government has begun to tackle this issue and we want to see this work stepped up .
The problem must be tackled with maximum consideration for the victims of trafficking so that they do not suffer a ` double punishment ' in the justice systems of EU countries .
That commitment remains valid ; when we are able to do so depends on Ukraine and perseverance in the reform process to tackle outstanding issues .
The policy of constant progress and small , continued and common steps in the EU-Ukraine relationship has proved to be successful over the past year since the Orange Revolution and will allow us to tackle the challenges ahead .
Higher participation rates for women will help tackle Europe 's demographic challenges , as well as increasing growth and productivity .
Again , we will all have to work together with the countries of origin , with the transition countries , with the European Union to find the right way of balancing out an internal and an external policy .
We have worked together to find solutions and ways of joining all our efforts to provide enough evidence for the Court of Auditors to give an assurance that the transactions are reliable .
Any state which fails in this task has broken the contract .
The media are key players in communication policy and it is vital that public institutions at all levels of governance find innovative ways of working with the national , regional and local media .
The EU needs to find new ways of working to ensure legitimacy of our decisions .
The Commission , at this stage , has taken all the necessary steps allowed by the Treaty in order to tackle this situation .
Mr President , the European Union 's growth rate has been falling for years , and recently it has dropped below 2 % a year .
On 13 and 14 March , there will be a conference in Paris in which the future of development aid for Ethiopia will be discussed and new ways will be found to help the poor people of Ethiopia directly , without channelling those funds directly to the government .
We need to find better ways , but this needs to be properly handled .
It is gratifying that we in the European Union are prepared to take the lead to tackle that worldwide problem and deal with such a wasteful side-effect of the fishing industry .
Therefore , for the sake of Europe , let us not shake this foundation , ensuring that the still fragile Balkans building does not collapse at our feet , in our own front yard !
Open markets will strengthen Europe and allow it to tackle its problems .
Work has begun on preparing a ministerial meeting to tackle all issues from illegal migration to trafficking in human beings and people smuggling .
Kofi Annan today said that his understanding was that the United States , even though they might not be able to vote for the Council as it was currently proposed , would be able to work with the Council , and I am sure that the US , which has done so much for human rights , will find a way to work with the other Member States to make the Council what it ought to be .
In this age , in Ireland and across the European Union , we have major health challenges to tackle : cardiovascular disease , neuropsychiatric disorders , cancer , digestive diseases , respiratory diseases , sense organ disorders , obesity and diabetes , to mention a few .
We can not hope to tackle the inequalities in health without the active input of those whose life experience makes them experts in this field .
However , at the end of the day , as politicians , we have to find a way of achieving a democratic political solution to the problem .
Although there are considerable differences in the local circumstances of Member States , the challenges and targets are similar -- to tackle the increasing challenge of Europe 's ageing society , bearing in mind the Lisbon targets of making Europe the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , with greater social cohesion and sustainable economic growth capacity , and more and better jobs .
Mr President , when we debate competition policy , there is something that there is good reason for emphasising , namely the fact that European prosperity , European businesses and European jobs have been boosted by competition .
It must be admitted that the challenge of Europe 's ageing society can only be tackled with the increased participation of those special groups in the labour market , as Commissioner Špidla said .
We will find ways to do that through NGOs but we will also have to review our position and find some alternative mechanisms .
However , with the flow of drugs apparently on the increase and the level of addiction rising particularly among some of Europe 's most deprived communities I would like to see the Centre raise its profile and make a more significant contribution to tackling these problems .
It needs to show that it is ready to move on to an ambitious reform programme that tackles those very issues that I referred to of low growth , high unemployment and threats to our environment .
When reading the document , there is a strong sense of complacency , Madam Commissioner , a real lack of urgency about how to tackle the global economic political challenges facing the European Union .
I also want to see greater and more effective intergovernmental cooperation in tackling environmental challenges and fighting the scourge of terrorism .
We therefore need to take a holistic approach in tackling this problem , including involving our major partners .
The third issue I wanted to tackle is China .
Given that discrimination largely stems from ignorance as regards other people , the report highlights the fact that the problem should therefore be tackled at source , by means of targeted actions designed to foster tolerance and diversity from early childhood ; programmes such as Socrates , Leonardo and Jeunesse have a crucial role to play in this regard .
Fighting them means finding creative ways to bridge the gap between security sector reform and development assistance .
The best thing that we can do today in the European Parliament is to encourage Prime Minister Zapatero in his efforts to bring together what were previously irreconcilable peoples to find a common way forward in the Basque region .
I know that coming up with a solution to this problem and implementing it is not at all easy , but somehow we must find a way whereby Member States can have the last word , after being fully informed , in clearly reasoned decisions to accept or not the transportation of nuclear material -- or any other hazardous material for that matter -- through their territory .
It is very important to tackle the issue of immigration , to manage migratory flows when we achieve the understanding and the cooperation of the countries of origin and transit .
Through the use of clear labelling , individuals are beginning to realise that they are able to play their part in tackling the problem of international poverty .
One hopes that eventually this poor developing country will gradually begin to find a decisive way to much-needed peace and prosperity , for the benefit of all its citizens .
Of course , it remains open to groups of MEPs to find other ways of working , this already happens and I would expect that process to continue and expand .
The priority issues to be tackled in the review are , therefore , the harmonisation and extension of the scope of the directive , further harmonisation and more predictability of the cap-setting and allocation process -- including consideration of competitiveness , more robust compliance and enforcement of the rules and the linking to trading schemes in third countries and increased involvement of developing countries .
Therefore it is up to the parties involved to decide whether to keep this issue within the framework of the comprehensive settlement or to discuss it separately or to find a way to include it in both concepts .
Therefore , dealing with this stigma and dealing with social inclusion is not just a human rights issue and not just an obligation , but can also have practical effects in our efforts to give priority and emphasis to actions and activities designed to tackle this problem .
We regret that the Framework Directive for Services of General Interest did not gain majority support : we do need to find a way to differentiate core essential services provided for the public good from the services we choose as individuals .
However , we need to play our part in finding ways to create fresh enthusiasm and acceptance for the roadmap as the way forward and , in this regard , the difficult task of engaging with Syria will be necessary .
The European Union now has to find its own way forward .
We have to participate in those as fully as we are able and with all the contacts that we have in order to find a way forward , so that we can get on with distributing the tsunami aid properly and look to a peaceful future for all .
We need to find a pragmatic way of moving forward to ensure that we get clarity and an assertion of the principle you have outlined here today : that when it comes to a conflict between the right of the citizen to public services and the market , that is set down in legislation .
We strongly condemn it -- there is never any excuse for terrorism ; but at the same time we ask Turkey to try to find peaceful interlocutors , try to find a political way and invest in the social and economic development of the south-east .
The result is a fisheries policy of disparity , not of commonality ; and until the Commission and this House find a way to address that issue , even its modest proposals here will accentuate the difference between the haves and the have-nots under the common fisheries policy .
As the country prospers internationally , the gap between the rich and the poor within its borders is widening and I therefore support this report 's emphasis on tackling trade and development issues together .
Global issues such as terrorism and health threats could only be tackled through the multilateral international system , with the UN at its core .
It is only by unlocking people 's imaginations that we can tackle the major issues facing us today , such as climate change , social exclusion , demographic change and unemployment .
I am confident that the Heads of State and Government and the parliamentarians here in the European Parliament will look at it in the spirit in which it is designed : yes , it is something a little different , but something which can provide an example of Europe taking a fresh direction and finding new ways to work together .
But before we have a true Community method to tackle these issues , we at least expect Member States to cooperate well among themselves .
In the age of globalisation , even the biggest Member States do not have the means to tackle those challenges .
The Commission can not accept this amendment , since it would reduce the flexibility needed by several Member States to tackle other pressing environmental concerns .
Furthermore , as there is rightly widespread opposition to its introduction , emphasising its necessity is a dangerous diversion from tackling the real problems at hand .
In May 2006 , the Commission adopted a communication on decent work for all , which will be presented at the Commission Conference on Decent Work and Globalisation in December , where the issues will be tackled in a comprehensive framework .
We will also be updating the global approach on migration in the run-up to the December European Council and working to tackle the problem at source in the Euro-African Conference on Migration and Development next month .
I hope that we will soon be able to draw conclusions from that and find the best way forward in preventing such incidents in the future .
Most importantly , we will have to further frame the international debate after 2012 .
I am confident that the new Northern Dimension policy , with its future shared ownership by the European Union , Russia , Norway and Iceland , will substantially benefit the Baltic Sea region because none of the challenges faced by the Baltic Sea can be tackled without genuine Russian involvement , just as none of the challenges faced by the Barents Sea can be dealt with without Russia and Norway .
But it is clear that if we are to tackle the problem , we need , as Mr Gargani has said - and I think my group would also underline - to move towards a binding European certificate of inheritance .
When a friendly solution is not possible , I close the case with a critical remark or make a draft recommendation .
I visited every capital , as the President kindly recalled , and everyone was listened to and helped to shape the outcome .
Ultimately we will have to do that and get the institutional balance right and find a way forward .
It is all too easy to import a problem , but it is very difficult to tackle a problem once it is within our borders .
I can envision with some confidence that key amendments regarding , in particular , references to the core values of the Community - democracy , the rule of law , respect for human rights ; the protection of the Community 's interests ; reinforced evaluation and reporting provisions for the specification of an indicative financial envelope for the period 2007-13 ; or the inclusion of the review clause - will find their way into the final text .
I know that is covered by the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , but we must find a way of bringing together what we are doing in the Committee on Civil Liberties and the Subcommittee on Human Rights .
Such marketing makes it increasingly difficult for parents to encourage healthy eating : limits on such marketing are therefore imperative in tackling this problem .
I would only propose a European private company statute if the impact assessment clearly shows that this is the most appropriate instrument to tackle the problems SMEs face today and that the European private company form would be useful to them in expanding their activities and developing their businesses across borders .
Child obesity is a serious problem in Ireland and in Europe and this problem must be effectively tackled head-on .
It is important that any new legislation in this area is based on sound evidence , not least to ensure that any future law brings forward specific and focused measures to tackle the problems .
I know that the European Parliament shares the commitment of the European Commission to give full support to the work of the German Presidency to find the right way forward .
There is also an instinctive sense that these issues can only be tackled effectively at European level .
You might ask why we are considering using only a recommendation in order to tackle these problems .
So , to continue to fight for democracy must be one of our basic tasks , and to find modern ways of engaging with citizens has to be a very important part of the declaration , to show that this is possible .
Concerning political dialogue , these agreements will aim to tackle a wide range of matters , such as climate change , energy , migration and the fight against drugs .
With regard to state aid , it may be that regional investment aid is not the best instrument to tackle local problems in islands .
I believe that the islands ' main problems can be tackled more effectively with , for example , horizontal instruments .
Furthermore , regional operating aid is certainly not the best instrument to tackle the local problems of islands .
As I mentioned in my opening remarks , the islands ' main problems can be tackled more effectively with horizontal instruments .
It is for that reason that the Commission has suggested that the participation in the human rights consultations should be widened to include not only diplomats but also experts from line ministries and agencies responsible for tackling these issues on the ground .
Only together , in a more effective way , can the European Union tackle the challenges of the globalised world .
The request for the Commission to draw up an action plan to define the issues to be tackled deserves careful consideration .
That is why learning from each other across the 27 Member States , sharing best practice and finding common solutions can help us tackle the growing problem .
To tackle the pollution problems caused by these dangerous substances the Commission has proposed or adopted more than 30 Community acts since the Water Framework Directive was agreed .
The DAPHNE programme helps in tackling this issue across the EU and those who fail to support this report today should be condemned .
In deciding how to tackle this problem , it is essential to have a clear picture of the supply of and demand for palm oil .
Within the framework of its legislative proposal , the Commission will therefore include a biofuel sustainability scheme designed to ensure that the biofuel sector plays its part in tackling this issue .
Let us hope and pray that , for the sake of the American people as well as for the rest of the world , soon enough Mr Bush and his warmongering associates will also find their way out of office .
The meeting due to take place in Gaza tomorrow between President Abbas and Prime Minister Olmert has unfortunately been cancelled , but at least the leaders of the G8 will tomorrow be tackling the issue of the Palestine-Israeli conflict , as we did at the G8 Foreign Ministers ' meeting .
Any restriction of the present legislation needs to be duly justified and proportionate ; the least intrusive way has to be found to serve this goal .
As I have said , we had to find ways not only to express tangibly the political will of all the institutions involved and the citizens , but also to do so in a legally sound way that would ensure that this will could face and withstand any challenges arising in the future .
We are just trying to find the best possible way to make it legally sound to be able to withstand any challenges before the court .
Anybody you speak to from the Palestinian area will tell you that it has always been the women and the children who have suffered most , but they have also been the most resilient in trying to find a way forward to challenge the failure to negotiate , the failure to respect and the failure to find a solution ; indeed , the failure of both Israel and Palestine to live up to their commitments , to agreements that they voluntarily signed up to , the failure of the United States of America and the European Union to live up to their commitments with regard to clear and open negotiations , the failure of other states bordering Israel and Palestine to take a more proactive and positive role with regard to , ultimately , achieving a two-state solution , which must be based on viability and equality .
The debate is closed , and the vote will take place shortly .
There are different systems in different Member States so we do not always agree on a common approach , but at least the first step will be taken and many issues like information for patients and other aspects of patients ' rights will be tackled through the healthcare initiative .
I would like to remind you that the Raimon Obiols i Germà and Charles Tannock report will be put to the vote tomorrow morning , and that the texts submitted to close the debate on the Council and Commission statements will be put to the vote in Brussels on 29 November 2007 .
This package represents an opportunity for Europe to show itself at its best : tackling an issue of fundamental long-term importance ; using the European Union 's continental scale to best effect ; turning political consensus into practical action .
Among other things , we wanted to find a way to enable women to have the number of children that women said they wanted .
We must ensure that any EU directive tackling this issue contains no loopholes and that it is satisfactorily implemented in all member states .
The setting up of an agency specifically created to address all legal and illegal immigration would be highly instrumental in tackling these issues in a comprehensive and integrated manner .
When the EU is once again in deadlock , we need to concentrate all our attention on finding a way to save the Treaty of Lisbon .
The Commission has presented its view on the cause of the recent rise in food prices in the recent communication ` Tackling the challenge of rising food prices : directions for EU action ' .
For these reasons , the Commission has proposed an emergency package of measures to tackle the immediate social and economic hardship triggered by the dramatic rise in the price of oil , while also tackling the underlying structural problems of the European fleet .
We can say what the producers should produce , but this is not exactly how the Commission should tackle the problem .
I would like to tackle some of the issues that were raised , in the couple of minutes I have been afforded .
In an effort to tackle this problem of divergent views , the idea of a joint fact-finding mission by the presidency and the Commission , led by the Czech Minister of Industry and Trade , Martin Říman , and by Matthias Ruete , the Director-General of DG TRAN , emerged , and it obtained the mandate to do this from an extraordinary COREPER I session , which we called on 5 January 2009 , the first working day after the holidays .
There is also a gap that we have yet to fill for people for whom no return to their country of origin is possible - for example , to Zimbabwe - and who are often left legally destitute , as it were , and , therefore , need to find a way to keep themselves alive .
I therefore welcome this report , which should go some way to tackling this problem .
So we come to the situation of a vessel with a dangerous cargo finding its way into a port by manipulating these contradictions .
We need to listen to that child as mothers do , and to help them find a way to reconcile home and work to the benefit of both .
We have worked with the Czech Presidency on this matter , and I very much appreciate the support of the Presidency in our efforts to find a viable way forward .
What plans does the Presidency have to tackle this issue ?
The analysis of the answers we receive will guide us in developing strategies at EU level to support the Member States in tackling these challenges .
The fifth question related to how the Commission is tackling the MIF issue for card payments .
Our strategic partnership is strong , and this permits us to tackle all issues , including the most sensitive ones .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - Ladies and gentlemen , it is generally obvious that we need to find a way to resolve the crisis afflicting Europe and other parts of the world at the present time .
The green paper on consumer collective redress proposed various ways of tackling this problem .
I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution on safe recycling of ships as I feel that it is vital for this issue to be tackled as an integral part of a ship 's lifecycle .
Let us never lose sight of our common goal , and let us work together with the Arctic states and the international community to find the best and most effective way of preserving and protecting the Arctic for future generations .
In particular , if it is to contribute effectively to the development of a single , competitive , energy market , the Agency needs more powers to tackle cross-border issues and encourage effective cooperation between transmission system operators ( TSOs ) and national regulatory authorities ( NRAs ) .
Between 20 % and 40 % of global industrial wood production is estimated to come from illegal sources , and up to 20 % of that finds its way into the EU .
The green paper on the TEN-T policy review addresses these challenges and proposes measures to tackle them at both the network planning and the project implementation stages .
It seems that there is a lack of political will on an EU level to provide adequate resources to tackle these issues in a fair manner .
Aware of these challenges , the European Commission has a development policy geared to fight poverty , promote sustainable development and tackle political challenges in order to help foster stability .
I can also say that the French and the Czech Presidencies made efforts that were crucial to find a way to meet the concerns of the Irish people .
We need a few days to grasp and to assess the situation in the Constitutional Court .
I also feel , Mr President , a very strong sensation in this House that Europe should move on to be a stronger , bigger player in the world and to show resolve when it comes to the economy , the fight against unemployment , tackling the challenges of globalisation and the climate issue .
It is a process that started in Laeken many years ago and has involved different democratic bodies and discussions over the years to try to find a common way of taking decisions in a more modern , more democratic and efficient way .
Of course , it would be possible to arrive at such a very generous interpretation of the Treaty , to allow the EU to tackle the matter .
And I would like the European Parliament to identify clearly which internal market problems it wants to be tackled with such a directive .
Firstly , I would applaud the fact that at the G20 meeting , such important issues were tackled as sustainable economic growth , employment and potential climate change phenomena , which could threaten the habitability of our planet .
A case currently investigated by OLAF and closed in the last quarter of 2003 , involving external aid , is in judicial follow-up in Germany .
When it comes to developing an interactive handbook to help citizens identify the most appropriate forum for solving their problems , I firmly believe that this excellent new website tackles the problem .
On the amount of time that it takes to resolve cases , touched on by Mrs Göncz , let me just say that we have now been able to reduce the time very significantly , and on average more than 50 % - about 55 % - of all cases are now closed in less than a year or in about 12 months .
Its economy is in a serious situation and it is clear that a way out of this crisis must be found .
Their economies are in a serious situation , and it is clear that a way out from this crisis must be found .
Finally , we must continue to keep the focus on tackling the economic crisis .
Indeed , the international community should show commitment exceeding that shown to tackle the financial crisis .
So the future is precisely as your question suggests , finding new ways and new technologies , namely the development of cleaner cars .
What I want to do is draw those two things together , to find a way in which we can enhance what we do , to support the work that is going on , to make the Quartet more effective , to bring together what has been , in a sense , the Council and Commission operating side by side , and to meld it into one so that what we do on the ground really makes a difference .
The Presidency needed the help of the European Parliament in tackling the challenges we were facing .
It is time to tackle the underlying poverty situation in Haiti once and for all .
While free movement facilitates trafficking in terms of the removal of border controls , on the other hand , one would imagine that increased police cooperation should be in a position to tackle the problem .
This development should continue , and I know the Commission will continue to follow closely the Ombudsman 's activities and welcome his proposals .
The renewable energy resources that these countries have at their disposal are essential for their economic and social development , and allow them to move towards a state of energy independence , thus helping to tackle the global crisis .
After this speech by the Commissioner , to whom we wish the best of luck , secure in the knowledge that he will do an excellent job , as he has done in the past , we close the debate .
I hope that I do not have to say any further farewells as regards Turkey in this Chamber and that we can move on and start tackling the major economic and other challenges of the European Union .
I fully agree with you , and I am sure that , with your support and with that of the governments of the Member States , the new Commission will be able to tackle the challenges ahead .
On 15 January , the government presented an ambitious stability programme intended to tackle these issues .
The integrated surveillance mechanism , together with the willingness of the authorities to tackle the problems , is the guardian of a successful implementation of fiscal consolidation measures and structural reforms that will put Greece back on a sustainable path .
Croatia has come a long way over recent years but important challenges still remain to be tackled .
I voted in favour of this motion for a resolution , because we must ensure that both practical and moral priority be given to tackling the issue of human trafficking and the way in which this trafficking is used as a resource in the labour market .
On CCCTB , this report says ; ` Recalls that the introduction of a CCCTB would help to tackle - within the EU - double taxation and transfer price issues within consolidated groups ' I welcome the Irish Government 's proposal in this year 's Irish Finance Bill to regulate transfer pricing by transnational corporations .
We need the Member States ; we need the European institutions ; we need stakeholders and society at large ; and we need specifically the active involvement and support of this Parliament , the European Parliament , for shaping this strategy and for communicating it to the people .
We can legislate against discrimination in the workplace , but we can not legislate against the pressures of juggling work , family life and managing a home .
Until then , however , we have found a way which allows us to continue to enforce our own stricter requirements under the transitional period before we move , in line with other EU Member States , to the general regime .
Therefore , I welcome this timely debate and the Commission 's efforts to tackle this matter , as all of us have let this area go for too long .
This demonstrates that the subject is of a global nature and the Commission believes that the best way to tackle this issue is to find global and coordinated solutions .
In order to tackle some of the concerns expressed by the European Parliament and the Member States - for instance , concerning security - several amendments have been made to the initial text .
These measures show the determination of the Greek Government to tackle their structural problems .
So the issue is to find the right way of responding to two important needs : the need for freedom and respect of data protection , but also the need for security , because without security , there is no possibility of freedom .
I definitely do not want to lower expectations but I would be very careful not to raise expectations so high so that those who do not want the international negotiations to succeed could kill the process after Mexico if we do not achieve anything .
The Commission adopted a two-tier approach to tackle these problems : infringement procedures to address incorrect implementation of the rules , and changes to the rules when they were not clear or precise enough .
Adequate financing remains a very big problem , and we need to find innovative ways to finance the bottlenecks .
We believe we have to take practical steps : a comprehensive test ban treaty should come into force ; the fissile material cut-off ; support for peaceful uses of nuclear energy to find safe ways of making sure that we avoid proliferation - for example , the contributions we make to the nuclear fuel bank - and support for a very strong and effective IAEA .
And in a sense , it comes into building the different elements of what we do well - the work we do on state-building , on justice , on the rule of law , the work we do on development programmes , the work we do on tackling the issues of climate change , the work that we do on providing support to governments and to people - all of that is engineered to make us more secure , stable and prosperous but actually , by doing so , we are creating a more secure , stable and prosperous world .
Poverty reduction , the fight against climate change and tackling the financial crisis require additional revenue of several hundred billion euro .
We very much want to maintain close cooperation with the European Parliament as we pursue our common goals of gradually building up an EU Arctic policy and we must work together with the Arctic states and the international community to find the most effective way of preserving and protecting the Arctic for future generations .
The European Union must of course tackle these issues , including financial stability .
This is also about the political will to tackle tough problems .
As you have listened to the opinions here , you will agree with me that the most difficult issue we have to tackle is the issue of admissibility - how we can find a solution which would avoid the frustration of citizens , how we can protect EU values , and how we can keep this institute of the European Citizens ' Initiative serious and real .
Having such a strong strategic partnership would and does definitely permit us to tackle all issues , including the most sensitive ones .
Ultimately of course only the Greeks themselves can sort out the problems of the Greek public sector debt and we wish them well in their efforts to find their way out of the crisis .
We are trying to find a way to mobilise and activate the different levels through which we can achieve the most efficient actions and the best possible course of events .
The case is not closed .
On the economic side , the macro-economic framework presented in New York must be more rigorous and combined with a clear path towards employment and growth , which will break the cycle of poverty and inequality .
I am going to close the debate .
Research institutes and scientists are waiting for rapid , coordinated action from the Commission and Council in order to tackle this issue , so as to allow them equal opportunities for participation in Framework Programmes .
We welcome that because we , the United States , need strong allies and alliances to help us tackle the problems of the 21st century , many which are the same - but so many are different - than the last century .
While we are trying to find our way out of the crisis , we encourage creation of work , including that of independent workers .
The European Union immediately mobilised resources to tackle the most pressing problems .
A gender-equal labour market is a precondition for boosting jobs and for tackling the demographic challenges .
The President of the European Commission has dramatically announced that democracy could disappear in Greece , Spain and Portugal unless urgent action is taken to tackle the debt crisis .
The Article 185 initiatives are playing a key role in tackling some of these key issues .
The experience we gain from these initiatives will allow us to find even better and more efficient ways to collaborate at a European level , making full use of both national and Community research programmes .
The sports movement is looking for assistance from the European institutions to tackle the challenges posed by agents .
Closer cross-border regulation , monitoring and minimum harmonised standards for agents ' contracts would contribute to tackling this problem and are necessary to ensure the integrity of football .
Given the high standards in North Sea oil drilling in Scotland , I do not think a uniform moratorium on new drilling is the best way to tackle this issue , but instead that detailed safety checks should be paramount in any decision to award new licences .
They contribute enormously to society and society must find a way to pay them back .
In the Commission , we are trying to find legal ways that respect the treaties to solve this problem , to protect data , and to try and enhance the Community pillar of this situation .
We can break this vicious cycle by acknowledging that non-paid work is work indeed , by encouraging women to work and gain their economic independence , by attacking the structural causes of labour market segregation , and by paying attention to women 's problems when reforming our pension schemes .
However , an incentive to find a way out of this vicious circle would be if we had open reflection without taboos and where we could analyse not only spending , but also the revenue side of the European budget .
We decided we are happy with what the French authorities gave us , but we can not close the case , because these promises , these elements of law , these proposed laws , are not yet implemented .
They tackle the key issues of giving the European Union real clout in economic policy through adequate coordinated fiscal surveillance and addressing macro-economic imbalances , so , as we have very often said , now creating a real economic Union in Europe .
The Commission is open to discuss with Parliament in order to find a way forward that addresses Parliament 's concerns .
The EU and the US are the world 's most integrated economies ; we are each other 's largest trade and investment partners ; we share common values and responsibilities for tackling global challenges on a variety of issues , be it innovation or environmental challenges , energy security or access to raw materials .
I strongly believe that the EMA should not only act as a shield for consumers in relation to information on medicines , but when consumers are being blatantly overcharged for medicines and national governments are unable to tackle the issue , the EMA should have the ability to address the issue .
Key priorities , such as transparency and consumer protection , will be pursued , while a bank crisis framework will aim to prevent and tackle future crises .
Do we need more regulation to tackle the financial crisis ?
But I agree that we need to be tackling this issue all the time , coming up with proposals and looking for new openings , because global trade will definitely benefit the global economy and this is what most of the world economy needs at this moment .
I am sure that my colleagues , Mrs Malmström and Mrs Reding , will pay attention to how to tackle all these concerns , which have been raised both in this debate and in the structural dialogue they had with their respective committees .
In any case , I must say that I very much hope that the adoption and implementation of the programme will lead to a more favourable climate for tackling Ireland 's financial and economic problems .
Does the Commission have any plans to enable , or indeed force , Member States to increase their checks at external EU borders , in order to tackle the issue of customs fraud ?
It is true , as you rightly pointed out , that China is still a major source of counterfeited cigarettes , so we have to work in close cooperation with them in order to tackle this issue .
This is a task that must be tackled in tandem with the institutions .
Of course , sometimes you have cases with which there are additional problems which need more energy to tackle , and this was clearly true of the case to which most of you have referred .
Our strategic partnership is strong , which permits us to tackle all issues , including the most sensitive ones .
Finally , Ms Sargentini , I really wanted to find an inventive way of saying that correlation tables were extremely important .
We intend to be ambitious and comprehensive in tackling all challenges .
Measures such as this are crucial in order to give authorities the tools and common purpose they need to tackle this Europe-wide problem .
The current proposal is a breakthrough because it puts victims first and tackles the problem in a complex , cross-border manner .
Will it make appropriate representations to the Albanian Government to tackle this problem ?
Within these 12 key priorities , my colleagues and I will make sure that the issue you have raised is tackled satisfactorily and that the Commission makes no recommendation to start the accession talks unless questions , such as the one you raised , are dealt with satisfactorily .
By doing more on energy saving , we are also tackling the very practical problems that people face in their lives .
However , I am confident that the regulation that we present today tackles many of the challenges that we could imagine during the preparation of the regulation .
Drugs grown and produced in Afghanistan find their way to the streets of Europe .
Uganda is a country in which the majority of people survive on a dollar a day : surely the country 's legislators can find better ways to serve the interests of Ugandan society than to make gays subject to criminal prosecution .
Basically , what I am saying is this : we need to tackle this issue head-on .
So that is why we have to find the right way to make them move .
The EU and its Member States have been contributing for several years to tackling the development and the security problems in individual Sahel countries , but threats to security transcend national borders and the only possible , the only effective response is a regional and comprehensive one .
I am convinced that if we set up this new comprehensive and holistic strategy , continuing the political , diplomatic and operational development strands of our engagement in the Sahel , we will give a new impetus to tackling the multiple threats and challenges that this region faces .
This is a positive development because we need to work jointly with Libya to tackle all the challenges that it faces in relation to migration .
That is why I think politicians who tackle these problems in a responsible and politically subtle manner are ` cool ' politicians , as are those of us who will vote for Mr Gahler 's report today .
One way of doing that has just been found , and that is to foster the participation of the citizens themselves in the democratic life of the Union .
Hopefully we can find a way to do that .
I have to say that talking is no longer enough : it is action we need on global stocks and volatility in the market , and until you start to tackle that problem , you will not solve the problem .
I would just like to add that , on a personal level , this debate has reinforced my long-standing conviction that , to tackle global challenges , such as hunger in the world , volatility of food and raw material prices , turbulence on the financial markets , regulation of financial products and services , there is a need for much more global governance and more global rule-making .
So this is where we are in developing a coherent policy response to tackle this huge problem : my link is concrete actions in areas where there are clear legal bases in order to have efficiency , and in this regard , I am going to present a victims ' rights package in May this year in which legislation to help women and children will , of course , be very high on the agenda .
Health budgets are notoriously overstretched , and there are far more important health issues to tackle than giving subsidies to big pharmaceutical firms .
Secondly , Parliament 's report makes a convincing case for the need to adopt a holistic approach to tackling the socio-economic situation of the Roma .
We also need to encourage innovation and research into alternative solutions and find ways around materials that European companies find too expensive .
It also highlights the issues of equality and corruption which need to be tackled within Montenegro and calls for measures to be taken to tackle these problems .
As it is doing in the cases of Libya and Côte d'Ivoire , the EU must continue to find creative ways within existing rules to make sure that human rights violators can never escape accountability .
This work is crucial for the establishment of a future state of Palestine and crucial to finding a way to a two-state solution .
We will develop a clear and coherent policy response to tackle this problem in Europe .
We need to find a way to protect climate migrants , as they have to flee because we cause climate change .
I hope that this is a lesson he will absorb in the future work that he may do in this Parliament .
It is also about our creativity , our coherence , taking seriously the interests of our partners and being ambitious as far as opening our trade market and tackling the mobility issue are concerned .
We should find a way for negotiations to be very fair to everyone and not at the expense of the European agriculture sector .
We should also find a way to control what we are importing from other countries outside the EU , especially in some northern European ports .
This issue can not be tackled appropriately by EU legislation alone , but needs to be discussed at a global level .
We will tackle that point if there is still any hesitation to be overcome .
With regard to additional spectrum for broadband and the second digital dividend , I think everybody is aware that sooner or later - and most of the Members of Parliament will probably think sooner - we will have to tackle that point , too .
Investment in education , research and innovation has the potential to create more wealth and jobs than it costs , and investment in innovation will help us tackle the great challenges that society faces .
In a nutshell , the report fails really to tackle the issue and assembles bits and pieces alongside the present existing possibilities to put culture on the agenda both for the EU and between the EU and third countries .
Then let us tackle the challenge of external representation which will be another major step forward once agreed and implemented .
I am voting for this own-initiative report since it tackles the current issues in the interminable debate on the ratings industry : specifically , the lack of competition , oligopolistic structures , and the lack of accountability and transparency , primarily as regards rating sovereign debt .
I sincerely hope that the Commission finds another way forward to test the safety culture .
We can do our best , but what we need from the Greek authorities is a clear show of unity , and a clear show of resolve to tackle the difficult issues in that country .
I ask the Commission to bring forward further programmes along these lines to tackle this life-threatening problem that faces all of Europe .
We have to pay serious attention to this problem , which is a problem accentuated by a lack of political will , by far too much nationalism , and dare I suggest that we should look at the policies of the Norwegians and Icelanders and how they tackle their problems .
This should provide , for example , for the establishment of a European coastguard service to tackle the drugs problem , which is a dreadful blight on all our communities .
So while we welcomed last night 's announcement from the American side of a six months delay , we are fundamentally opposed to this legislation in principle and we want to say that we think that the Americans , by bullying their allies , have not found the correct way forward .
The bombing at Enniskillen , the rioting across large parts of Northern Ireland , and a clear attempt by the IRA to mount yet another bombing campaign in the mainland of the United Kingdom : all of these events must stand condemned .
The fact that the Irish presidency has highlighted the drugs issue and that all of the Members who spoke here this morning , nearly the majority , considered drugs a priority issue to be tackled by this presidency in an effective way gives carte blanche to the Irish presidency to go ahead and deal with this issue as they see fit .
I said earlier in response to another debate in the House on the common foreign and security policy area that I believe that we need to do much more as a region in a coordinated way to tackle this problem .
It is our job , the job of politicians , not economists , to try to find ways - new ways and novel ways - of raising this particular issue .
Let me put on record that it is important that we tackle issues of real importance to people in Europe , not just the global issues , not just the grande politique , but real issues that affect real people 's lives .
Many of us have been involved in trying to find some way out of the planetary catastrophe that could ensue .
After the war he was a long-serving member of Liverpool City Council and devoted himself to tackling the problems of housing in that city .
While we have a duty to tackle this problem within EU waters , ultimately this a problem which requires international action .
Cool too is the British Government and CBI view of another central proposal of the Commission document , to tackle the problem of late payments which so besmirches Europe 's and the UK 's business environment , propelling small firms into insolvency , because the Michael Heseltine view of the acceptability of stringing creditors along still prevails .
Could I ask whether the Commissioner would meet with Ms Morgan and myself specifically to try to find practical ways forward here .
But perhaps we could talk with you , Commissioner , and try to suggest ways forward with the associations that run hostels and similar activities internationally , and find a practical way forward so that parents can be sure of their children 's security when they send them abroad so that we have a quick practical solution to this problem rather than a theoretical one in the long term .
To agree with Mrs Jackson , I find that one of the areas missing here is the cost to the citizen of these policies : we need to ensure that Member States tackle this problem in parallel to getting quality right .
I do not agree with the British Prime Minister 's view that this problem should be tackled at national level .
The future of the common agricultural policy and structural funds , together with the obvious need for a bigger budget in an enlarged Union , are all difficult political issues which should be tackled in parallel with the Intergovernmental Conference .
These are massive tasks which the EU seeks to tackle in its proposed action plan .
Please ensure in the fifth framework programme that a way is found to help research into diabetes .
Subject : Attempts to tackle the problem of BSE
I think if we are to tackle the problem , the first thing we should do is determine the extent of the problem , so I do believe much work remains to be done .
I hope that the Commissioner will find a way - because she is a very practical , competent and capable person - of ensuring that the rules will be applied properly .
Those specific points should be specifically tackled by the Commission .
Madam President , I would simply like to point out that on Wednesday , on the initiative of the President , we voted for an adjournment of the urgent debate on Zaire , but not for the debate to be closed .
The main problem now is not food or medicaments but it is basically shelter and trying to find some ways of earning a living in the months to come .
The trade in these drugs is multinational in nature , as is the laundering of the vast sums of money involved in this trade yet the response of the multinational organization best placed to tackle this problem , the European Union , is seen to be virtually non-existent .
I would hope , too , that the European Commission will find some way of increasing the support to the programmes which will help children and young people as Romania begins in earnest its progress towards a closer relationship with the European Union .
That is why we need concerted action at European level : a common economic policy , particularly in the field of public investment , so that we can boost growth rates and tackle the unemployment problem .
The rapporteur clearly knows this and knows that you do not punish the victims of society 's failures just because benefit bills are going up ; you tackle the real problem , which is to get people back to work .
If we truly believe in diversification and changing from defenceorientated production to civilian production , then we must tackle this problem .
I should like to give the Commissioner a hypothetical example : if a 62-year-old , registered blind official was working in an external office - in other words he is only three years from retirement - and he is comfortable in that office , can find his way around about it and there are no complaints about the quality of his work , would he think it a reasonable policy towards disabled people to consider compulsory transfer of that individual back to Brussels at that stage of his career ?
Thank you , Mrs Green , but I have no way of closing this debate today while people are still asking for the floor .
The Chinese seem unable to grasp the essential point , pointed out by Mr Watts and others , that it is not simply a money-making city ; its economic welfare depends on the wellbeing of its citizens , and that point has yet to be grasped .
Whether he has succeeded or not depends on one 's particular point of view but I want to pay tribute to him for the long , hard and diligent work he engaged in to find a compromise and a way forward .
Open media can be intrusive and the problem with the Internet today is that we have to find a way of dealing with the various segments within which its operations take place .
I want to confirm the positive spirit in which the Commission tries to tackle this kind of problem .
Those of us with a background in education are absolutely convinced that education is the key to overcoming ignorance and , in turn , to tackling the real problems of racism and nationalism , which , if unchecked will be a serious problem to the European Union .
It is high time that this problems was tackled much more efficiently than we have been able to do so far .
Do you not think it is time , given the state of the debate on economic and monetary union and the very clear shift of public opinion in Europe now , to rebalance economic and monetary union so that we can prove to the citizens of the European Union that we can have , on the one hand , a successful economic and monetary union and on the other hand , that we can tackle the problem of unemployment ?
We must keep trying to find a way through the maze .
We have to act here with some sort of morality and say : OK , maybe the underspend will pay for it but we actually have to find a way .
This House is desperately disappointed that nothing has happened since the Essen Summit meeting to tackle the problems of unemployment and while Mr Santer said we should do less better , the one thing we can not renege upon are measures that will bring down the levels of unemployment .
I would urge the Council to instruct the Commission at Amsterdam , once we have the chapter on employment and once we have a pact that balances stability with growth , to come forward with a new model of development that ensures that we can tackle the unemployment problem and social exclusion and to try to help make this a Europe worthy of our citizens .
That issue must be tackled by this IGC .
I would like to pay tribute to Jan Mulder for the way in which he tackled these problems .
Otherwise we will be going round in circles without tackling the real problem .
Mrs Kinnock , the Commission did not ask to reply on the last item and that is why I closed the debate , precisely because there was no request to speak .
Mr President , this report makes an honest attempt to tackle the issues , but in very traditional areas , and it raises a few questions of principle that I would like to deal with .
But , even with all that cover , it can still find its way to the bottom of the pile and the leaflet that comes in the door is not put on display .
The question is , can the European Union find a flexible way , through a joint action , of responding in a coordinated manner to any future situations that might arise where persons are temporarily in need of international protection ?
May I thank the Commission for that programme and Mrs Perez Latorre in particular for her help in mounting the exhibition .
No one who has read the report can be left with any doubt as to the seriousness with which the task has been tackled .
Still unable to grasp the concept of the single market , such national authorities should be put to the test of Commissioner Monti 's single market scoreboard .
Indeed it had been my wish , as Mr Ferber has said , to ensure as rapporteur that this problem was tackled within the directive .
The first , to which the Commissioner has referred , is the way in which we have moved from a process of confrontation in the budgetary procedure to one more like codecision , as if , by magic , we are finding a way of blurring the distinction between obligatory and non-obligatory expenditure without having to go through a treaty revision to do so .
We have to tackle the problem of space debris .
I want to ask the President-in-Office to take up the hard option which in our view accompanies the opening conference and that is to begin the process of discussing the complex issue which was not concluded at Amsterdam and which the Luxembourg summit at least had the grace to admit must be tackled .
I have made my view clear in this Parliament that I believe the only way to tackle this serious problem , which faces us all , is at national level , and closer to the people .
If the terrible events of 22 December jolt those in a position of responsibility to take the actions required , not only to resolve the conflict , but also to tackle the underlying problems of poverty , deprivation and discrimination which lie behind the Zapatista revolt , the victims of Acteal will not have died in vain .
We have to tackle both : the problem that was the European Year of Tourism and the systems that are quite inadequate in the Commission - witness the inadequacy with which the report of the Court of Auditors was dealt with .
It is now up to the oil industry and to the governments in the countries which have no contingency plan to find some way out to offer people who own these cars , either through the marketing of lead additives or through the marketing of re-formulated petrol .
Many Members here are being invited , as I am , to conferences , some organized by presidents-in-office , full of experienced rational experts who want a European contribution to international problems which can not be properly tackled at local or national levels .
Of course , it is a long way ahead , so we need to find a quicker way of ensuring that the directive is implemented .
Finally , I stress that the Commission is certainly not insensitive to problems that might materialize from the abolition of duty-free on intra-EU travel , but it will insist that the appropriate instruments be used to tackle any such problems without re-opening an issue which , as I have stressed several times , simply implies having ordinary citizens bear the burden .
There is one extremely important issue that must be tackled in the framework of the new cooperation agreements and that is the issue of arms sales .
The principal purpose of the Shelter Improvement Plan must be to close and decommission the plan completely , as quickly as possible .
It is essential that we in Parliament and the Commission , keep our minds , and our ears and our eyes open , for new ways of tackling the unemployment problem .
Furthermore , although Agenda 2000 purports to adopt a more market-led approach , the proposed payments to compensate farmers for a reduction in price are not time-limited and will do nothing to break the cycle of dependence of European farmers on European subsidies ; nor will they address the legitimate concerns of the taxpayer .
For that , either you would need a bilateral agreement with Japan to ensure that they would also apply competition rules in a normal way to open up the markets ; or else we could think what might be done in a broader framework like the World Trade Organization , but specifically designed to tackle competition issues and competition problems .
What better way of doing that than engaging the best brains in Europe on behalf of the people to tackle the problems which worry the people ?
An early warning system will , we hope , help in the short term but if that was the solution then there would be no need for the long-term computerized way of tackling the problem .
I would like to ask the Minister-in-Office whether ultimately the way to tackle this problem is to look at the different excise duty rates in the different Member States and perhaps that should be the long-term goal of the Council of Ministers .
It is normal practice , as Members of this House will recognize , for Council presidencies to mount an exhibition of a cultural , social or historical nature in the conference part of the Justus Lipsius building .
We particularly welcome the Council 's invitation to the Commission to make proposals as to how new and creative ways can be found to support the fresh opportunities which the peace agreement will bring .
I would also like to take the opportunity to appeal to you to tackle the real problem that agriculture is facing throughout Europe , and certainly within the United Kingdom , and the problem of the strong pound sterling in its relation to the green pound .
His proposals for tackling the problem of large by-catches in sprat fisheries by rigorous controls of landings and closure of fisheries when the by-catch limit is reached are also positive ways forward to ensure the survival and revival of herring stocks .
The Association of European Airlines has gone so far as to intimate that a certain sense of complacency exists in some governments , particularly the British Government , about seriously tackling the problem of air congestion .
The Commission can take note of this and find other ways to give short-term humanitarian aid to both these countries .
I call upon the Council of Ministers - who , of course , are not here - and also the Commission to remain strong and determined and tackle the problem .
Last June 150 countries adopted a global UN strategy to tackle the worldwide drug problem .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Group of the European People 's Party calls on the Commission , and above all the Council , to ensure that this problem is tackled thoroughly , in political and practical terms - under the third chapter of the Barcelona Declaration , and more generally under the European Union 's third pillar - by introducing specific actions for the monitoring and assistance of clandestine immigrants and by negotiating specific measures concerning readmission .
Parliament will continue to demand of the other European institutions that action is taken , that an international effort is made to tackle what is clearly a global problem .
At the moment , because of the bureaucracy and the procedures for application in some countries , the money is finding its way disproportionately into middle class and wealthy areas .
I would appeal to the Commission to soften the severity of these proposals and find a better way .
All these problems have to be tackled and for this reason I welcome the Commission 's proposal that there should be no sudden end to funding from Brussels .
Cooperation to tackle this problem is imperative .
I am very pleased that you are going to tackle it under the new programme on tourism but would the Commission not consider a study of what the extent of this problem might be and how it could be effectively tackled ?
Because of reform of the EU financial systems and reductions in structural funding and cohesion funding to certain countries under the Agenda 2000 reform package , it is essential that we find new ways of financing these very essential projects .
So we have to wonder just how committed the Irish Government is to tackling the problem if it continues to support the Council 's very watered-down amendments .
Mr President , as spokesman for the Group of the European People 's Party , I would like to close this debate by saying , on behalf of my group , that we are going to support the report by Mr Barros Moura .
British Labour MEPs will be supporting calls for a multilateral policy development with the other OECD financial centres to tackle this important issue of tax evasion , and for the exclusion of Eurobonds from this directive .
What assurances can the Council therefore give us that any produce that is sent from the European Union to Russia will in fact find its way to the actual people who need help ?
I suspect , Mr President-in-Office , that we lack courage to tackle this major problem .
Mr President , I wish to thank the Commission for the vigour it has exercised in tackling this issue of salmon in Scotland .
It means partnership at all levels to tackle the greatest public needs and health inequalities most effectively , not least in the current process of enlargement of the Union , where a much-needed further Commission text is imminent .
What I have been hearing about the representative in Nicaragua is indicative that the project had not been properly closed down .
My fear is that the Socialist-dominated governments of Europe are hell-bent on harmonising taxes , on raising tax levels and finding new ways of penalising industry and entrepreneurship .
The subcontinent of India has enormous potential but , as has been pointed out , many problems and tensions to be tackled particularly in its relationships with its immediate neighbours .
These matters must be tackled and resolved , and the reports suggest some very important and useful ways in which that can be done .
However , we must find a way around the problems .
In my view , Parliament 's contribution might have been to try to help find a way of combining protection of workers with a flexibility that enables Europe to retain its competitiveness .
It is equally clear that Europe does not have the resources for a European defence identity : we can not mount a campaign without American and NATO support .
I want to express my deep sense of disappointment that yesterday , at an early stage , when my group presented to other group presidents the possibility of trying to find a reasonable way forward , whereby the Council would meet tonight and then , tomorrow , we could decide on the issue in a more definitive way , some colleagues used procedures in this House to block that possibility .
The URBAN initiative will allow for projects to be undertaken in these areas to tackle the ingrained problems of long-term unemployment and urban decay .
If we could find some way not only of having a measure to take against former Commissioners who act in this way , but also against the companies who benefit from their knowledge , then I think that we might have two very powerful levers to use in future transgressions .
Let them also tackle the problems of banking secrecy and tax havens which provide cover for money laundering .
Because the contract had been signed by the previous Conservative Government , Mr Cook claimed it could not be broken .
Pursuant to Rule 37 of the Rules of Procedure , I have received six motions for resolution to close the present debate .
Let us hope , however , that the signature of the memorandum in Sharm el-Sheikh will reinvigorate the peace process and ensure that the outstanding issues on final status are tackled without great delay .
In addition , Israel must find more effective ways of reconciling its legitimate security concerns with the urgent need for genuine Palestinian development .
We will have to find many different ways - perhaps unexpected ways - of solving the logistical problems of getting assistance to the people who need it , but it is difficult to promise specific action on this one .
Miss Lynne would have asked that we be allowed to close the debate on the question of British beef with motions for a resolution from the various political groups .
I would like to make that proposal that the political groups be invited to submit motions for a resolution to close the debate on British beef .
We welcome this but we would also like to ask that Members have the possibility of putting down motions for a resolution to close the debate .
Will you find an appropriate way to report back to Parliament on the responses given .
We must find some way of having a dialogue between the institutions over the next 12 months to make sure that these reforms take place and that we have the right kind of criteria for making sure that we are getting value for money from the staff .
I wholeheartedly welcome this sensible step to tackle one of the key problems hindering the potential boom in e-commerce across Europe , namely the difficulty in verifying the identity of users and consumers .
The Union must tackle the problem at its roots to truly improve human rights and economic conditions of people living in those countries .
EU Governments agreed to create a common area of justice to tackle the common problem of organised crime , especially drug smuggling and human trafficking .
We know the problems that the Member States have in their own waters , so it must be very difficult indeed for these other countries to be able to tackle these problems .
Yet even injured and diseased animals which die on the farm are finding their way into rendering plants and the tallow from these animals is finding its way into the pharmaceutical industry , into the cosmetic industry and therefore into the food chain .
However , you may not all have had time to digest their contents and I will , therefore , briefly summarise the main issues .
We have found all sorts of ways in the budgetary procedure to find a working arrangement for this institution together with the Commission to maintain confidentiality and that could be done in relation to this dialogue .
It is precisely because I agree that I believe this Parliament should use this occasion to signal to the Court of Auditors its intense disquiet at the fact that a document of substance of the sort prepared by the Court should , whether correct or incorrect in terms of its content , have found its way into Der Spiegel of 8 November .
As a lawyer in private practice in the UK , I myself , have often wrestled with a pile of books to find the right rules and the right way to go forward for my clients in these circumstances .
The body will have to find a way to attain a politically significant text compatible with insertion into the Treaty .
If I were to arrange a round table with the industry - with dealers and manufacturers - would you be willing to come along to it and discuss with them how we can find a way through the problem while , at the same time , resorting to competition instruments if we have to ?
I hope we will find a way to talk informally or in committee later on the proper formula .
This situation has to be tackled because taxes on the peasants have increased dramatically over recent times because of the need to modernise .

