     of all the flowers in the mead,then love i roost these flowers white and rede,such that men callen daisies in our town.
i renne blitheas soon as ever the sun ginneth west,to see this flower, how it will go to rest,for fear of night, so hateth she darkness;her cheer is plainly spread in the brightnessof the sunne, for there it will unclose.
chaucer--prologue to the legend of good women.
whaur are ye gaein' that get, like a wull shuttle?
come in tothe beuk."
meg's mother stood at the cottage door, with arms akimbo and cloudedbrow, calling through the boles of a little forest of fir-treesafter her daughter.
one would naturally presume that the phrase sheemployed, comparing her daughter's motions to those of a shuttlethat had "gane wull," or lost its way, implied that she was watchingher as she threaded her way through the trees.
but although shecould not see her, the fir-wood was certainly the likeliest placefor her daughter to be in; and the figure she employed was not inthe least inapplicable to meg's usual mode of wandering through thetrees, that operation being commonly performed in the most erraticmanner possible.
it was the ordinary occupation of the first hourof almost every day of margaret's life.
as soon as she woke in themorning, the fir-wood drew her towards it, and she rose and went.
through its crowd of slender pillars, she strayed hither andthither, in an aimless manner, as if resignedly haunting theneighbourhood of something she had lost, or, hopefully, that of atreasure she expected one day to find.
it did not seem that she had heard her mother's call, for noresponse followed; and janet elginbrod returned into the cottage,where david of the same surname, who was already seated at the whitedeal table with "the beuk," or large family bible before him,straightway commenced reading a chapter in the usual routine fromthe old testament, the new being reserved for the evening devotions.
the chapter was the fortieth of the prophet isaiah; and as thevoice of the reader re-uttered the words of old inspiration, onemight have thought that it was the voice of the ancient prophethimself, pouring forth the expression of his own faith in hisexpostulations with the unbelief of his brethren.
the chapterfinished--it is none of the shortest, and meg had not yetreturned--the two knelt, and david prayed thus:"o thou who holdest the waters in the hollow of ae han', andcarriest the lambs o' thy own making in thy bosom with the otherhan', it would be altogether unworthy o' thee, and o' thy maijestyo' love, to require o' us that which thou knowest we cannot bringunto thee, until thou enrich us with that same.
therefore, likethine own bairns, we boo doon afore thee, an' pray that thou wouldsttak' thy wull o' us, thy holy an' perfect an' blessed wull o' us;for, o god, we are a' thine ain.
an' for oor lassie, wha's oot amo'thy trees, an' wha' we dinna think forgets her maker, though she maywhiles forget her prayers, lord, keep her a bonnie lassie in thysicht, as white and clean in thy een as she is fair an' halesome inoors; an' oh!
we thank thee, father in heaven, for giein' her to us.
an' noo, for a' oor wrang-duins an' ill-min'ins, for a' oor sinsand trespasses o' mony sorts, dinna forget them, o god, till thoupits them a' richt, an' syne exerceese thy michty power e'en owerthine ain sel, an' clean forget them a'thegither; cast them ahintthy back, whaur e'en thine ain een shall ne'er see them again, thatwe may walk bold an' upricht afore thee for evermore, an' see theface o' him wha was as muckle god in doin' thy biddin', as gin hehad been ordering' a' thing himsel.
for his sake, ahmen."
i hope my readers will not suppose that i give this as a specimen ofscotch prayers.
i know better than that.
david was an unusual man,and his prayers were unusual prayers.
the present was a little moreso in its style, from the fact that one of the subjects of it wasabsent, a circumstance that rarely happened.
but the degree ofdifference was too small to be detected by any but those who werequite accustomed to his forms of thought and expression.
how muchof it janet understood or sympathized with, it is difficult to say;for anything that could be called a thought rarely crossed thethreshold of her utterance.
on this occasion, the moment the prayerwas ended, she rose from her knees, smoothed down her check apron,and went to the door; where, shading her eyes from the sun with herhand, she peered from under its penthouse into the fir-wood, andsaid in a voice softened apparently by the exercise in which she hadtaken a silent share,"whaur can the lassie be?"
and where was the lassie?
in the fir-wood, to be sure, with thethousand shadows, and the sunlight through it all; for at thismoment the light fell upon her far in its depths, and revealed herhastening towards the cottage in as straight a line as the treeswould permit, now blotted out by a crossing shadow, and anon radiantin the sunlight, appearing and vanishing as she threaded the uprightwarp of the fir-wood.
it was morning all around her; and one mightsee that it was morning within her too, as, emerging at last in thesmall open space around the cottage, margaret--i cannot call hermeg, although her mother does--her father always called her "maggy,my doo," anglicé, dove--margaret approached her mother with a brighthealthful face, and the least possible expression of uneasiness onher fair forehead.
she carried a book in her hand.
"what gars ye gang stravaguin' that get, meg, whan ye ken weeleneuch ye sud a' been in to worship lang syne?
an sae we maun haeworship our lanes for want o' you, ye hizzy!"
"i didna ken it was sae late, mither," replied margaret, in asubmissive tone, musical in spite of the rugged dialect into whichthe sounds were fashioned.
ye had yer brakfast, an' ye warna that hungry for theword.
but here comes yer father, and ye'll no mend for his flytin',i'se promise."
lat the bairn alane, janet, my woman.
the word'll be mairto her afore lang."
"i wat she has a word o' her nain there.
what beuk hae ye gottenthere, meg?
whaur got ye't?"
had it not been for the handsome binding of the book in herdaughter's hand, it would neither have caught the eye, nor rousedthe suspicions of janet.
david glanced at the book in his turn, anda faint expression of surprise, embodied chiefly in the opening ofhis eyelids a little wider than usual, crossed his face.
but heonly said with a smile:"i didna ken that the tree o' knowledge, wi' sic fair fruit, grew inour wud, maggy, my doo."
"whaur gat ye the beuk?"
margaret's face was by this time the colour of the crimson boards ofthe volume in her hand, but she replied at once:"i got it frae maister sutherlan', i reckon."
janet's first response was an inverted whistle; her next, anotherquestion:"maister sutherlan'!
wha's that o't?"
interposed david, "ye ken weel aneuch.
it's the newtutor lad, up at the hoose; a fine, douce, honest chield, an'weel-faured, forby.
lat's see the bit beuky, lassie."
margaret handed it to her father.
"col-e-ridge's poems," read david, with some difficulty.
"tak' it hame direckly," said janet.
"na, na," said david; "a' the apples o' the tree o' knowledge are nostappit wi sut an stew; an' gin this ane be, she'll sune ken by thetaste o't what's comin'.
it's no muckle o' an ill beuk 'at ye'llread, maggy, my doo."
"guid preserve's, man!
i'm no sayin' it's an ill beuk.
but it's noricht to mak appintments wi' stranger lads i' the wud sae ear' i'the mornin'.
is't noo, yersel, meg?"
said margaret, and her eyes flashed through thewatery veil that tried to hide them, "hoo can ye?
ye ken yersel ihad nae appintment wi' him or ony man."
said janet; and, apparently either satisfied with orovercome by the emotion she had excited, she turned and went in topursue her usual house-avocations; while david, handing the book tohis daughter, went away down the path that led from the cottagedoor, in the direction of a road to be seen at a little distancethrough the trees, which surrounded the cottage on all sides.
margaret followed her mother into the cottage, and was soon as busyas she with her share of the duties of the household; but it was agood many minutes before the cloud caused by her mother's hastywords entirely disappeared from a forehead which might with especialjustice be called the sky of her face.
meantime david emerged upon the more open road, and bent his course,still through fir-trees, towards a house for whose sake alone theroad seemed to have been constructed.
concord between our wit and willwhere highest notes to godliness are raised,and lowest sink not down to jot of ill.what languetus taught sir philip sidney.
the arcadia--third eclogue.
the house of turriepuffit stood about a furlong from david'scottage.
it was the abode of the laird, or landed proprietor, inwhose employment david filled several offices ordinarily distinct.
the estate was a small one, and almost entirely farmed by the ownerhimself; who, with david's help, managed to turn it to good account.
upon week-days, he appeared on horseback in a costume more fittedfor following the plough; but he did not work with his own hands;and on sundays was at once recognizable as a country gentleman.
david was his bailiff or grieve, to overlook the labourers on theestate; his steward to pay them, and keep the farm accounts; hishead gardener--for little labour was expended in that direction,there being only one lady, the mistress of the house, and she nopatroness of useless flowers: david was in fact the laird's generaladviser and executor.
the laird's family, besides the lady already mentioned, consistedonly of two boys, of the ages of eleven and fourteen, whom he wishedto enjoy the same privileges he had himself possessed, and to whom,therefore, he was giving a classical and mathematical education, inview of the university, by means of private tutors; the last ofwhom--for the changes were not few, seeing the salary was of thesmallest--was hugh sutherland, the young man concerning whom davidelginbrod has already given his opinion.
but notwithstanding thefreedom he always granted his daughter, and his good opinion of hughas well, david could not help feeling a little anxious, in his walkalong the road towards the house, as to what the apparentacquaintance between her and the new tutor might evolve; but he gotrid of all the difficulty, as far as he was concerned, by saying atlast:"what richt hae i to interfere?
even supposin' i wanted tointerfere.
but i can lippen weel to my bonny doo; an' for the rest,she maun tak' her chance like the lave o's.
an' wha' kens but itmicht jist be stan'in' afore him, i' the very get that he meant togang.
the lord forgie me for speakin' o' chance, as gin i believedin ony sic havers.
there's no fear o' the lassie.
gude mornin't'ye, maister sutherlan'.
that's a braw beuk o' ballants ye gae thelen' o' to my maggy, this mornin', sir."
sutherland was just entering a side-door of the house when davidaccosted him.
he was not old enough to keep from blushing atdavid's words; but, having a good conscience, he was ready with agood answer.
"it's a good book, mr. elginbrod.
it will do her no harm, though itbe ballads."
"i'm in no dreed o' that, sir.
bairns maun hae ballants.
an', totell the truth, sir, i'm no muckle mair nor a bairn in that respeckmysel'.
in fac, this verra mornin', at the beuk, i jist thocht iwas readin' a gran' godly ballant, an' it soundet nane the waur forthe notion o't."
"you should have been a poet yourself, mr.
"na, na; i ken naething aboot yer poetry.
i hae read auld johnmilton ower an' ower, though i dinna believe the half o't; but, oh!
weel i like some o' the bonny bitties at the en' o't."
"il penseroso, for instance?"
"is that hoo ye ca't?
i ken't weel by the sicht, but hardly by thesoun'.
i aye missed the name o't, an' took to the thing itsel'.
eh, man!--i beg yer pardon, sir--but its wonnerfu' bonny!"
"i'll come in some evening, and we'll have a chat about it," repliedsutherland.
"i must go to my work now."
"we'll a' be verra happy to see you, sir.
good mornin', sir."
david went to the garden, where there was not much to be done in theway of education at this season of the year; and sutherland to theschool-room, where he was busy, all the rest of the morning and partof the afternoon, with caesar and virgil, algebra and euclid; foodupon which intellectual babes are reared to the stature of collegeyouths.
sutherland was himself only a youth; for he had gone early tocollege, and had not yet quite completed the curriculum.
he was nowfilling up with teaching, the recess between his third and hisfourth winter at one of the aberdeen universities.
he was the sonof an officer, belonging to the younger branch of a family of somehistoric distinction and considerable wealth.
this officer, thoughnot far removed from the estate and title as well, had nothing tolive upon but his half-pay; for, to the disgust of his family, hehad married a welsh girl of ancient descent, in whose line thepoverty must have been at least coeval with the history, to judgefrom the perfection of its development in the case of her father;and his relations made this the excuse for quarrelling with him; sorelieving themselves from any obligations they might have beensupposed to lie under, of rendering him assistance of some sort orother.
this, however, rather suited the temperament of major robertsutherland, who was prouder in his poverty than they in theirriches.
so he disowned them for ever, and accommodated himself,with the best grace in the world, to his yet more straitenedcircumstances.
he resolved, however, cost what it might in pinchingand squeezing, to send his son to college before turning him out toshift for himself.
in this mrs. sutherland was ready to support himto the utmost; and so they had managed to keep their boy at collegefor three sessions; after the last of which, instead of returninghome, as he had done on previous occasions, he had looked about himfor a temporary engagement as tutor, and soon found the situation henow occupied in the family of william glasford, esq., ofturriepuffit, where he intended to remain no longer than thecommencement of the session, which would be his fourth and last.
towhat he should afterwards devote himself he had by no means made uphis mind, except that it must of necessity be hard work of some kindor other.
so he had at least the virtue of desiring to beindependent.
his other goods and bads must come out in the courseof the story.
his pupils were rather stupid and rathergood-natured; so that their temperament operated to confirm theirintellectual condition, and to render the labour of teaching themconsiderably irksome.
but he did his work tolerably well, and wasnot so much interested in the result as to be pained at the moderatedegree of his success.
at the time of which i write, however, theprobability as to his success was scarcely ascertained, for he hadbeen only a fortnight at the task.
it was the middle of the month of april, in a rather backwardseason.
the weather had been stormy, with frequent showers of sleetand snow.
old winter was doing his best to hold young spring backby the skirts of her garment, and very few of the wild flowers hadyet ventured to look out of their warm beds in the mould.
sutherland, therefore, had made but few discoveries in theneighbourhood.
not that the weather would have kept him to thehouse, had he had any particular desire to go out; but, like manyother students, he had no predilection for objectless exertion, andpreferred the choice of his own weather indoors, namely, from booksand his own imaginings, to an encounter with the keen blasts of thenorth, charged as they often were with sharp bullets of hail.
whenthe sun did shine out between the showers, his cold glitter upon thepools of rain or melted snow, and on the wet evergreens and gravelwalks, always drove him back from the window with a shiver.
thehouse, which was of very moderate size and comfort, stood in themidst of plantations, principally of scotch firs and larches, someof the former old and of great growth, so that they had arrived atthe true condition of the tree, which seems to require old age forthe perfection of its idea.
there was very little to be seen fromthe windows except this wood, which, somewhat gloomy at almost anyseason, was at the present cheerless enough; and sutherland found itvery dreary indeed, as exchanged for the wide view from his own homeon the side of an open hill in the highlands.
in the midst of circumstances so uninteresting, it is not to bewondered at, that the glimpse of a pretty maiden should, onemorning, occasion him some welcome excitement.
passing downstairsto breakfast, he observed the drawing-room door ajar, and looked into see what sort of a room it was; for so seldom was it used that hehad never yet entered it.
there stood a young girl, peeping, withmingled curiosity and reverence, into a small gilt-leaved volume,which she had lifted from the table by which she stood.
he watchedher for a moment with some interest; when she, seeming to becomemesmerically aware that she was not alone, looked up, blusheddeeply, put down the book in confusion, and proceeded to dust someof the furniture.
it was his first sight of margaret.
some of theneighbours were expected to dinner, and her aid was in requisitionto get the grand room of the house prepared for the occasion.
hesupposed her to belong to the household, till, one day, feelingcompelled to go out for a stroll, he caught sight of her so occupiedat the door of her father's cottage, that he perceived at once thatmust be her home: she was, in fact, seated upon a stool, paringpotatoes.
she saw him as well, and, apparently ashamed at therecollection of having been discovered idling in the drawing-room,rose and went in.
he had met david once or twice about the house,and, attracted by his appearance, had had some conversation withhim; but he did not know where he lived, nor that he was the fatherof the girl whom he had seen.
dear secret greenness, nursed below  tempests and winds and winter nights!
vex not that but one sees thee grow;  that one made all these lesser lights.
it was, of course, quite by accident that sutherland had metmargaret in the fir-wood.
the wind had changed during the night,and swept all the clouds from the face of the sky; and when helooked out in the morning, he saw the fir-tops waving in thesunlight, and heard the sound of a south-west wind sweeping throughthem with the tune of running waters in its course.
it is awell-practised ear that can tell whether the sound it hears be thatof gently falling waters, or of wind flowing through the branches offirs.
sutherland's heart, reviving like a dormouse in its hole,began to be joyful at the sight of the genial motions of nature,telling of warmth and blessedness at hand.
some goal of life, vaguebut sure, seemed to glimmer through the appearances around him, andto stimulate him to action.
be dressed in haste, and went out tomeet the spring.
he wandered into the heart of the wood.
thesunlight shone like a sunset upon the red trunks and boughs of theold fir-trees, but like the first sunrise of the world upon the newgreen fringes that edged the young shoots of the larches.
high up,hung the memorials of past summers in the rich brown tassels of theclustering cones; while the ground under foot was dappled withsunshine on the fallen fir-needles, and the great fallen cones whichhad opened to scatter their autumnal seed, and now lay waiting fordecay.
overhead, the tops whence they had fallen, waved in thewind, as in welcome of the spring, with that peculiar swingingmotion which made the poets of the sixteenth century call them"sailing pines."
the wind blew cool, but not cold; and was filledwith a delicious odour from the earth, which sutherland took as asign that she was coming alive at last.
and the spring he went outto meet, met him.
for, first, at the foot of a tree, he spied atiny primrose, peeping out of its rough, careful leaves; and hewondered how, by any metamorphosis, such leaves could pass into sucha flower.
had he seen the mother of the next spring-messenger hewas about to meet, the same thought would have returned in anotherform.
for, next, as he passed on with the primrose in his hand,thinking it was almost cruel to pluck it, the spring met him, as ifin her own shape, in the person of margaret, whom he spied a littleway off, leaning against the stem of a scotch fir, and looking up toits top swaying overhead in the first billows of the outburst oceanof life.
he went up to her with some shyness; for the presence ofeven a child-maiden was enough to make sutherland shy--partly fromthe fear of startling her shyness, as one feels when drawing near acouching fawn.
but she, when she heard his footsteps, dropped hereyes slowly from the tree-top, and, as if she were in her ownsanctuary, waited his approach.
he said nothing at first, butoffered her, instead of speech, the primrose he had just plucked,which she received with a smile of the eyes only, and the sweetest"thank you, sir," he had ever heard.
but while she held theprimrose in her hand, her eyes wandered to the book which, accordingto his custom, sutherland had caught up as he left the house.
itwas the only well-bound book in his possession; and the eyes ofmargaret, not yet tutored by experience, naturally expected anentrancing page within such beautiful boards; for the gayestbindings she had seen, were those of a few old annuals up at thehouse--and were they not full of the most lovely tales and pictures?
in this case, however, her expectation was not vain; for the volumewas, as i have already disclosed, coleridge's poems.
seeing her eyes fixed upon the book--"would you like to read it?"
"if you please, sir," answered margaret, her eyes brightening withthe expectation of deliglit.
"are you fond of poetry?"
her face fell.
the only poetry she knew was the scotch psalms andparaphrases, and such last-century verses as formed the chief partof the selections in her school-books; for this was a very retiredparish, and the newer books had not yet reached its school.
she hadhoped chiefly for tales.
"i dinna ken much about poetry," she answered, trying to speakenglish.
"there's an old book o't on my father's shelf; but theletters o't are auld-fashioned, an' i dinna care aboot it."
"but this is quite easy to read, and very beautiful," said hugh.
the girl's eyes glistened for a moment, and this was all her reply.
"would you like to read it?"
resumed hugh, seeing no further answerwas on the road.
she held out her hand towards the volume.
when he, in his turn,held the volume towards her hand, she almost snatched it from him,and ran towards the house, without a word of thanks orleave-taking--whether from eagerness, or doubt of the propriety ofaccepting the offer, hugh could not conjecture.
he stood for somemoments looking after her, and then retraced his steps towards thehouse.
it would have been something, in the monotony of one of the mosttrying of positions, to meet one who snatched at the offered meansof spiritual growth, even if that disciple had not been a lovelygirl, with the woman waking in her eyes.
he commenced the duties ofthe day with considerably more of energy than he had yet brought tobear on his uninteresting pupils; and this energy did not flagbefore its effects upon the boys began to react in fresh impulseupon itself.
o little bethlem!
poor in walls,  but rich in furniture.
john mason's spiritual songs.
there was one great alleviation to the various discomforts ofsutherland's tutor-life.
it was, that, except during school-hours,he was expected to take no charge whatever of his pupils.
they ranwild all other times; which was far better, in every way, both forthem and for him.
consequently, he was entirely his own masterbeyond the fixed margin of scholastic duties; and he soon found thathis absence, even from the table, was a matter of no interest to thefamily.
to be sure, it involved his own fasting till the nextmeal-time came round--for the lady was quite a household martinet;but that was his own concern.
that very evening, he made his way to david's cottage, about thecountry supper-time, when he thought he should most likely find himat home.
it was a clear, still, moonlit night, with just an air offrost.
there was light enough for him to see that the cottage wasvery neat and tidy, looking, in the midst of its little forest, morelike an english than a scotch habitation.
he had had the advantageof a few months' residence in a leafy region on the other side ofthe tweed, and so was able to make the comparison.
but what adifferent leafage that was from this!
that was soft, floating,billowy; this hard, stiff, and straight-lined, interfering so littlewith the skeleton form, that it needed not to be put off in thewintry season of death, to make the trees in harmony with thelandscape.
a light was burning in the cottage, visible through theinner curtain of muslin, and the outer one of frost.
as heapproached the door, he heard the sound of a voice; and from theeven pitch of the tone, he concluded at once that its owner wasreading aloud.
the measured cadence soon convinced him that it wasverse that was being read; and the voice was evidently that ofdavid, and not of margaret.
he knocked at the door.
the voiceceased, chairs were pushed back, and a heavy step approached.
davidopened the door himself.
maister sutherlan'," said he, "i thocht it micht aiblins beyersel.
ye're welcome, sir.
come butt the hoose.
our place is butsma', but ye'll no min' sitttin' doon wi' our ain sels.
janet,ooman, this is maister sutherlan'.
maggy, my doo, he's a frien' o'yours, o' a day auld, already.
ye're kindly welcome, maistersutherlan'.
i'm sure it's verra kin' o' you to come an' see thelike o' huz."
as hugh entered, he saw his own bright volume lying on the table,evidently that from which david had just been reading.
margaret had already placed for him a cushioned arm-chair, the onlycomfortable one in the house; and presently, the table being drawnback, they were all seated round the peat-fire on the hearth, thebest sort for keeping feet warm at least.
on the crook, or hookediron-chain suspended within the chimney, hung a three-footed pot, inwhich potatoes were boiling away merrily for supper.
by the side ofthe wide chimney, or more properly lum, hung an iron lamp, of an oldclassical form common to the country, from the beak of whichprojected, almost horizontally, the lighted wick--the pith of arush.
the light perched upon it was small but clear, and by itdavid had been reading.
margaret sat right under it, upon acreepie, or small three-legged wooden stool.
sitting thus, with thelight falling on her from above, hugh could not help thinking shelooked very pretty.
almost the only object in the distance fromwhich the feeble light was reflected, was the patch-work counterpaneof a little bed filling a recess in the wall, fitted with doorswhich stood open.
it was probably margaret's refuge for the night.
"well," said the tutor, after they had been seated a few minutes,and had had some talk about the weather--surely no despicablesubject after such a morning--the first of spring--"well, how do youlike the english poet, mr.
"spier that at me this day week, maister sutherlan', an' i'llaiblins answer ye; but no the nicht, no the nicht."
"what for no?"
said hugh, taking up the dialect.
"for ae thing, we're nae clean through wi' the auld sailor's storyyet; an' gin i hae learnt ae thing aboon anither, its no to passjeedgment upo' halves.
i hae seen ill weather half the simmer, an'a thrang corn-yard after an' a', an' that o' the best.
no that i'mill pleased wi' the bonny ballant aither."
"weel, will ye jist lat me read the lave o't till ye?"
"wi' muckle pleesur, sir, an' mony thanks."
he showed hugh how far they had got in the reading of the "ancientmariner"; whereupon he took up the tale, and carried it on to theend.
he had some facility in reading with expression, and his fewaffectations--for it must be confessed he was not free of suchfaults--were not of a nature to strike uncritical hearers.
when hehad finished, he looked up, and his eye chancing to light uponmargaret first, he saw that her cheek was quite pale, and her eyesoverspread with the film, not of coming tears, but of emotionnotwithstanding.
"well," said hugh, again, willing to break the silence, and turningtowards david, "what do you think of it now you have heard it all?"
whether janet interrupted her husband or not, i cannot tell; but shecertainly spoke first:"tshâvah!"
--equivalent to pshaw--"it's a' lees.
what for are yeknittin' yer broos ower a leein' ballant--a' havers as weel aslees?"
"i'm no jist prepared to say sae muckle, janet," replied david;"there's mony a thing 'at's lees, as ye ca't, 'at's no lees a'through.
ye see, maister sutherlan', i'm no gleg at the uptak, an'it jist taks me twise as lang as ither fowk to see to the ootside o'a thing.
whiles a sentence 'ill leuk to me clean nonsensea'thegither; an' maybe a haill ook efter, it'll come upo' me a' atance; an' fegs!
it's the best thing in a' the beuk."
margaret's eyes were fixed on her father with a look which i canonly call faithfulness, as if every word he spoke was truth, whethershe could understand it or not.
"but perhaps we may look too far for meanings sometimes," suggestedsutherland.
"maybe, maybe; but when a body has a suspeecion o' a trowth, he sudnever lat sit till he's gotten eyther hit, or an assurance thatthere's nothing there.
but there's jist ae thing, in the poem 'at ican pit my finger upo', an' say 'at it's no richt clear to mewhether it's a' straucht-foret or no?"
"what's that, mr.
"it's jist this--what for a' thae sailor-men fell doon deid, an' thechield 'at shot the bonnie burdie, an' did a' the mischeef, cam' tolittle hurt i' the 'en--comparateevely."
"well," said hugh, "i confess i'm not prepared to answer thequestion.
if you get any light on the subject"--"ow, i daursay i may.
a heap o' things comes to me as i'm takin' adaunder by mysel' i' the gloamin'.
i'll no say a thing's wrang tilli hae tried it ower an' ower; for maybe i haena a richt grip o' thething ava."
"what can ye expec, dawvid, o' a leevin' corp, an' a' that?--ay, twahunner corps--fower times fifty's twa hunner--an' angels turnin'sailors, an' sangs gaein fleein' aboot like laverocks, and tummelin'doon again, tired like?--gude preserve's a'!"
"janet, do ye believe 'at ever a serpent spak?"
dawvid, the deil was in him, ye ken."
"the deil a word o' that's i' the word itsel, though," rejoineddavid with a smile.
"dawvid," said janet, solemnly, and with some consternation, "ye'reno gaein' to tell me, sittin' there, at ye dinna believe ilka word'at's prentit atween the twa brods o' the bible?
what will maistersutherlan' think o' ye?"
"janet, my bonnie lass--" and here david's eyes beamed upon hiswife--"i believe as mony o' them as ye do, an' maybe a wheen mair,my dawtie.
keep yer min' easy aboot that.
but ye jist see 'at fowkwarna a'thegither saitisfeed aboot a sairpent speikin', an' sae theyleukit aboot and aboot till at last they fand the deil in him.
gudekens whether he was there or no.
noo, ye see hoo, gin we was toleuk weel aboot thae corps, an' thae angels, an' a' that queerstuff--but oh!
it's bonny stuff tee!--we micht fa' in wi' somethingwe didna awthegither expec, though we was leukin' for't a' the time.
sae i maun jist think aboot it, mr. sutherlan'; an' i wad fain readit ower again, afore i lippen on giein' my opingan on the maitter.
ye cud lave the bit beukie, sir?
we'se tak' guid care o't."
"ye're verra welcome to that or ony ither beuk i hae," replied hugh,who began to feel already as if he were in the hands of a superior.
"mony thanks; but ye see, sir, we hae eneuch to chow upo' for anaucht days or so."
by this time the potatoes wore considered to be cooked, and wereaccordingly lifted off the fire.
the water was then poured away,the lid put aside, and the pot hung once more upon the crook, hookeda few rings further up in the chimney, in order that the potatoesmight be thoroughly dry before they were served.
margaret was nowvery busy spreading the cloth and laying spoon and plates on thetable.
hugh rose to go.
"will ye no bide," said janet, in a most hospitable tone, "an' tak'a het pitawta wi' us?"
"i'm afraid of being troublesome," answered he.
"nae fear o' that, gin ye can jist pit up wi' oor hamely meat."
"mak nae apologies, janet, my woman," said david.
"a het pitawta'saye guid fare, for gentle or semple.
sit ye doun again, maistersutherlan'.
maggy, my doo, whaur's the milk?"
"i thocht hawkie wad hae a drappy o' het milk by this time," saidmargaret, "and sae i jist loot it be to the last; but i'll hae'tdrawn in twa minutes."
and away she went with a jug, commonlycalled a decanter in that part of the north, in her hand.
"that's hardly fair play to hawkie," said david to janet with asmile.
dawvid, ye see we haena a stranger ilka nicht."
"but really," said hugh, "i hope this is the last time you willconsider me a stranger, for i shall be here a great many times--thatis, if you don't get tired of me."
"gie us the chance at least, maister sutherlan'.
it's no sma'preevilege to fowk like us to hae a frien' wi' sae muckle buiklearnin' as ye hae, sir."
"i am afraid it looks more to you than it really is."
"weel, ye see, we maun a' leuk at the starns frae the hicht o' oorain een.
an' ye seem nigher to them by a lang growth than the laveo's.
my man, ye ought to be thankfu'."
with the true humility that comes of worshipping the truth, davidhad not the smallest idea that he was immeasurably nearer to thestars than hugh sutherland.
maggie having returned with her jug full of frothy milk, and thepotatoes being already heaped up in a wooden bowl or bossie in themiddle of the table, sending the smoke of their hospitality to therafters, janet placed a smaller wooden bowl, called a caup, filledwith deliciously yellow milk of hawkie's latest gathering, for eachindividual of the company, with an attendant horn-spoon by its side.
they all drew their chairs to the table, and david, asking noblessing, as it was called, but nevertheless giving thanks for theblessing already bestowed, namely, the perfect gift of food, invitedhugh to make a supper.
each, in primitive but not ungracefulfashion, took a potatoe from the dish with the fingers, and ate it,"bite and sup," with the help of the horn-spoon for the milk.
hughthought he had never supped more pleasantly, and could not helpobserving how far real good-breeding is independent of the forms andrefinements of what has assumed to itself the name of society.
soon after supper was over, it was time for him to go; so, afterkind hand-shakings and good nights, david accompanied him to theroad, where he left him to find his way home by the star-light.
ashe went, he could not help pondering a little over the fact that alabouring man had discovered a difficulty, perhaps a fault, in oneof his favourite poems, which had never suggested itself to him.
hesoon satisfied himself, however, by coming to the conclusion thatthe poet had not cared about the matter at all, having had nofurther intention in the poem than hugh himself had found in it,namely, witchery and loveliness.
but it seemed to the young studenta wonderful fact, that the intercourse which was denied him in thelaird's family, simply from their utter incapacity of yielding it,should be afforded him in the family of a man who had followed theplough himself once, perhaps did so still, having risen only to bethe overseer and superior assistant of labourers.
he certainlyfelt, on his way home, much more reconciled to the prospect of hissojourn at turriepuffit, than he would have thought it possible heever should.
david lingered a few moments, looking up at the stars, before here-entered his cottage.
when he rejoined his wife and child, hefound the bible already open on the table for their eveningdevotions.
i will close this chapter, as i began the first, withsomething like his prayer.
david's prayers were characteristic ofthe whole man; but they also partook, in far more than ordinary, ofthe mood of the moment.
his last occupation had been star-gazing:"o thou, wha keeps the stars alicht, an' our souls burnin' wi' alicht aboon that o' the stars, grant that they may shine afore theeas the stars for ever and ever.
an' as thou hauds the stars burnin'a' the nicht, whan there's no man to see, so haud thou the lichtburnin' in our souls, whan we see neither thee nor it, but areburied in the grave o' sleep an' forgetfu'ness.
be thou by us, evenas a mother sits by the bedside o' her ailin' wean a' the langnicht; only be thou nearer to us, even in our verra souls, an' watchower the warl' o' dreams that they mak' for themsels.
grant thatmore an' more thochts o' thy thinkin' may come into our herts day byday, till there shall be at last an open road atween thee an' us,an' thy angels may ascend and descend upon us, so that we may be inthy heaven, e'en while we are upo' thy earth: amen."
in wood and stone, not the softest, but hardest, be always aptestfor portraiture, both fairest for pleasure, and most durable forprofit.
hard wits be hard to receive, but sure to keep; painfulwithout weariness, heedful without wavering, constant withoutnew-fangleness; bearing heavy things, though not lightly, yetwillingly; entering hard things, though not easily, yet deeply; andso come to that perfectness of learning in the end, that quick witsseem in hope but do not in deed, or else very seldom ever attainunto.--roger ascham.--the schoolmaster.
two or three very simple causes united to prevent hugh fromrepeating his visit to david so soon as he would otherwise havedone.
one was, that, the fine weather continuing, he was seizedwith the desire of exploring the neighbourhood.
the spring, whichsets some wild animals to the construction of new dwellings, incitesman to the enlarging of his, making, as it were, by discovery, thatwhich lies around him his own.
so he spent the greater parts ofseveral evenings in wandering about the neighbourhood; till atlength the moonlight failed him.
another cause was, that, in theact of searching for some books for his boys, in an old garret ofthe house, which was at once lumber room and library, he came uponsome stray volumes of the waverley novels, with which he was as yetonly partially acquainted.
these absorbed many of his spare hours.
but one evening, while reading the heart of midlothian, the thoughtstruck him--what a character david would have been for sir walter.
whether he was right or not is a question; but the notion broughtdavid so vividly before him, that it roused the desire to see him.
he closed the book at once, and went to the cottage.
"we're no lik'ly to ca' ye onything but a stranger yet, maistersutherlan'," said david, as he entered.
"i've been busy since i saw you," was all the excuse hugh offered.
"weel, ye'r welcome noo; and ye've jist come in time after a', forit's no that mony hours sin' i fand it oot awthegither to my ainsettisfaction."
"found out what?"
said hugh; for he had forgotten all about theperplexity in which he had left david, and which had been occupyinghis thoughts ever since their last interview.
"aboot the cross-bow an' the birdie, ye ken," answered david, in atone of surprise.
"yes, to be sure.
how stupid of me!"
"weel, ye see, the meanin' o' the haill ballant is no that ill towin at, seein' the poet himsel' tells us that.
it's jist no to beproud or ill-natured to oor neebours, the beasts and birds, for godmade ane an' a' o's.
but there's harder things in't nor that, andyon's the hardest.
but ye see it was jist an unlucky thochtlessdeed o' the puir auld sailor's, an' i'm thinkin' he was sairreprocht in's hert the minit he did it.
his mates was fell angry athim, no for killin' the puir innocent craytur, but for fear o' illluck in consequence.
syne when nane followed, they turned richtroun', an' took awa' the character o' the puir beastie efter 'twasdeid.
they appruved o' the verra thing 'at he was nae doot sorryfor.--but onything to haud aff o' themsels!
nae suner cam the calm,than roun' they gaed again like the weathercock, an' naething wadcontent them bit hingin' the deid craytur about the auld man'scraig, an' abusin' him forby.
sae ye see hoo they war a wheenselfish crayturs, an' a hantle waur nor the man 'at was led astrayinto an ill deed.
but still he maun rue't.
sae death got them, an'a kin' o' leevin' death, a she death as 'twar, an' in some respecksmay be waur than the ither, got grips o' him, puir auld body!
it'sa' fair and richt to the backbane o' the ballant, maistersutherlan', an' that i'se uphaud."
hugh could not help feeling considerably astonished to hear thiscriticism from the lips of one whom he considered an uneducated man.
for he did not know that there are many other educations besides acollege one, some of them tending far more than that to develope thecommon-sense, or faculty of judging of things by their nature.
lifeintelligently met and honestly passed, is the best education of all;except that higher one to which it is intended to lead, and to whichit had led david.
both these educations, however, were nearlyunknown to the student of books.
but he was still more astonishedto hear from the lips of margaret, who was sitting by:"that's it, father; that's it!
i was jist ettlin' efter that samething mysel, or something like it, but ye put it in the richt wordsexackly."
the sound of her voice drew hugh's eyes upon her: he was astonishedat the alteration in her countenance.
while she spoke it wasabsolutely beautiful.
as soon as she ceased speaking, it settledback into its former shadowless calm.
her father gave her oneapproving glance and nod, expressive of no surprise at her havingapproached the same discovery as himself, but testifying pleasure atthe coincidence of their opinions.
nothing was left for hugh but toexpress his satisfaction with the interpretation of the difficulty,and to add, that the poem would henceforth possess fresh interestfor him.
after this, his visits became more frequent; and at length davidmade a request which led to their greater frequency still.
it wasto this effect:"do ye think, mr. sutherlan', i could do onything at my age at themathematics?
i unnerstan' weel eneuch hoo to measur' lan', an' thatkin' o' thing.
i jist follow the rule.
but the rule itsel's apuzzler to me.
i dinna understan' it by half.
noo it seems to methat the best o' a rule is, no to mak ye able to do a thing, but tolead ye to what maks the rule richt--to the prenciple o' the thing.
it's no 'at i'm misbelievin' the rule, but i want to see the richtso't."
"i've no doubt you could learn fast enough," replied hugh.
"i shallbe very happy to help you with it."
"na, na; i'm no gaein to trouble you.
ye hae eneuch to do in thatway.
but if ye could jist spare me ane or twa o' yer beukswhiles--ony o' them 'at ye think proper, i sud be muckle obleeged teye."
hugh promised and fulfilled; but the result was, that, before long,both the father and the daughter were seated at the kitchen-table,every evening, busy with euclid and algebra; and that, on mostevenings, hugh was present as their instructor.
it was quite a newpleasure to him.
few delights surpass those of imparting knowledgeto the eager recipient.
what made hugh's tutor-life irksome, waspartly the excess of his desire to communicate, over the desire ofhis pupils to partake.
but here there was no labour.
all thequestions were asked by the scholars.
a single lesson had notpassed, however, before david put questions which hugh was unable toanswer, and concerning which he was obliged to confess hisignorance.
instead of being discouraged, as eager questioners arevery ready to be when they receive no answer, david merely said,"weel, weel, we maun bide a wee," and went on with what he was ableto master.
meantime margaret, though forced to lag a good waybehind her father, and to apply much more frequently to their tutorfor help, yet secured all she got; and that is great praise for anystudent.
she was not by any means remarkably quick, but she knewwhen she did not understand; and that is a sure and indispensablestep towards understanding.
it is indeed a rarer gift than thepower of understanding itself.
the gratitude of david was too deep to be expressed in any formalthanks.
it broke out at times in two or three simple words when theconversation presented an opportunity, or in the midst of theirwork, as by its own self-birth, ungenerated by association.
during the lesson, which often lasted more than two hours, janetwould be busy about the room, and in and out of it, with a manifestcare to suppress all unnecessary bustle.
as soon as hugh made hisappearance, she would put off the stout shoes--man's shoes, as weshould consider them--which she always wore at other times, and puton a pair of bauchles; that is, an old pair of her sunday shoes, putdown at heel, and so converted into slippers, with which she couldmove about less noisily.
at times her remarks would seem to implythat she considered it rather absurd in her husband to troublehimself with book-learning; but evidently on the ground that he kneweverything already that was worthy of the honour of hisacquaintance; whereas, with regard to margaret, her heart was asevidently full of pride at the idea of the education her daughterwas getting from the laird's own tutor.
now and then she would stand still for a moment, and gaze at them,with her bright black eyes, from under the white frills of hermutch, her bare brown arms akimbo, and a look of pride upon herequally brown honest face.
her dress consisted of a wrapper, or short loose jacket, of printedcalico, and a blue winsey petticoat, which she had a habit oftucking between her knees, to keep it out of harm's way, as often asshe stooped to any wet work, or, more especially, when doinganything by the fire.
margaret's dress was, in ordinary, like hermother's, with the exception of the cap; but, every evening, whentheir master was expected, she put off her wrapper, and substituteda gown of the same material, a cotton print; and so, with herplentiful dark hair gathered neatly under a net of brown silk, theusual head-dress of girls in her position, both in and out of doors,sat down dressed for the sacrament of wisdom.
david made no otherpreparation than the usual evening washing of his large well-wroughthands, and bathing of his head, covered with thick dark hair,plentifully lined with grey, in a tub of cold water; from which hisface, which was "cremsin dyed ingrayne" by the weather, emergedglowing.
he sat down at the table in his usual rough blue coat andplain brass buttons; with his breeches of broad-striped corduroy,his blue-ribbed stockings, and leather gaiters, or cuiticans,disposed under the table, and his shoes, with five rows ofbroad-headed nails in the soles, projecting from beneath it on theother side; for he was a tall man--six feet still, althoughfive-and-fifty, and considerably bent in the shoulders with hardwork.
sutherland's style was that of a gentleman who must wear outhis dress-coat.
such was the group which, three or four evenings in the week, mightbe seen in david elginbrod's cottage, seated around the white dealtable, with their books and slates upon it, and searching, by thelight of a tallow candle, substituted as more convenient, for theordinary lamp, after the mysteries of the universe.
the influences of reviving nature and of genial companionshipoperated very favourably upon hugh's spirits, and consequently uponhis whole powers.
for some time he had, as i have already hinted,succeeded in interesting his boy-pupils in their studies; and nowthe progress they made began to be appreciable to themselves as wellas to their tutor.
this of course made them more happy and morediligent.
there were no attempts now to work upon their parents fora holiday; no real or pretended head or tooth-aches, whosedisability was urged against the greater torture of ill-concededmental labour.
they began in fact to understand; and, in proportionto the beauty and value of the thing understood, to understand is toenjoy.
therefore the laird and his lady could not help seeing thatthe boys were doing well, far better in fact than they had ever donebefore; and consequently began not only to prize hugh's services,but to think more highly of his office than had been their wont.
the laird would now and then invite him to join him in a tumbler oftoddy after dinner, or in a ride round the farm after school hours.
but it must be confessed that these approaches to friendliness wererather irksome to hugh; for whatever the laird might have been as acollegian, he was certainly now nothing more than a farmer.
wheredavid elginbrod would have described many a "bonny sicht," the lairdonly saw the probable results of harvest, in the shape of figures inhis banking book.
on one occasion, hugh roused his indignation byventuring to express his admiration of the delightful mingling ofcolours in a field where a good many scarlet poppies grew among thegreen blades of the corn, indicating, to the agricultural eye, thepoverty of the soil where they were found.
this fault in the soil,the laird, like a child, resented upon the poppies themselves.
"nasty, ugly weyds!
we'll hae ye admirin' the smut neist," said he,contemptuously; "'cause the bairns can bleck ane anither's faceswi't."
"but surely," said hugh, "putting other considerations aside, youmust allow that the colour, especially when mingled with that of thecorn, is beautiful."
it's jist there 'at i canna bide the sicht o't.
beauty ye may ca' 't!
i see nane o't.
i'd as sune hae areid-heedit bairn, as see thae reid-coatit rascals i' my corn.
ihoup ye're no gaen to cram stuff like that into the heeds o' the twaladdies.
we'll hae them sawin' thae ill-faured weyds amangthe wheyt neist.
poapies ca' ye them?
weel i wat they're thepopp's ain bairns, an' the scarlet wumman to the mither o' them.
having manifested both wit and protestantism in the closing sentenceof his objurgation, the laird relapsed into good humour andstupidity.
hugh would gladly have spent such hours in david'scottage instead; but he was hardly prepared to refuse his company tomr. glasford.
ye archewyves, standith at defence,sin ye been strong, as is a great camayle;ne suffer not that men you don offence.
and slender wives, fell as in battaile,beth eager, as is a tiger, yond in inde;aye clappith as a mill, i you counsaile.
chaucer.--the clerk's tale.
the length and frequency of hugh's absences, careless as she was ofhis presence, had already attracted the attention of mrs. glasford;and very little trouble had to be expended on the discovery of hishaunt.
for the servants knew well enough where he went, and ofcourse had come to their own conclusions as to the object of hisvisits.
so the lady chose to think it her duty to expostulate withhugh on the subject.
accordingly, one morning after breakfast, thelaird having gone to mount his horse, and the boys to have a fewminutes' play before lessons, mrs. glasford, who had kept her seatat the head of the table, waiting for the opportunity, turnedtowards hugh who sat reading the week's news, folded her hands onthe tablecloth, drew herself up yet a little more stiffly in herchair, and thus addressed him:"it's my duty, mr. sutherland, seein' ye have no mother to lookafter ye--"hugh expected something matronly about his linen or his socks, andput down his newspaper with a smile; but, to his astonishment, shewent on----"to remonstrate wi' ye, on the impropriety of going so often todavid elginbrod's.
they're not company for a young gentleman likeyou, mr.
"they're good enough company for a poor tutor, mrs. glasford,"replied hugh, foolishly enough.
"not at all, not at all," insisted the lady.
"with yourconnexions--""good gracious!
who ever said anything about my connexions?
i neverpretended to have any."
hugh was getting angry already.
mrs. glasford nodded her head significantly, as much as to say, "iknow more about you than you imagine," and then went on:"your mother will never forgive me if you get into a scrape withthat smooth-faced hussy; and if her father, honest man hasn't eyesenough in his head, other people have--ay, an' tongues too, mr.
hugh was on the point of forgetting his manners, and consigning allthe above mentioned organs to perdition; but he managed to restrainhis wrath, and merely said that margaret was one of the best girlshe had ever known, and that there was no possible danger of any kindof scrape with her.
this mode of argument, however, was notcalculated to satisfy mrs. glasford.
she returned to the charge.
"she's a sly puss, with her shy airs and graces.
her father's jistdaft wi' conceit o' her, an' it's no to be surprised if she cast aglamour ower you.
mr. sutherland, ye're but young yet."
hugh's pride presented any alliance with a lassie who had herded thelaird's cows barefoot, and even now tended their own cow, as an allbut inconceivable absurdity; and he resented, more than he couldhave thought possible, the entertainment of such a degrading idea inthe mind of mrs. glasford.
indignation prevented him from replying;while she went on, getting more vernacular as she proceeded.
"it's no for lack o' company 'at yer driven to seek theirs, i'msure.
there's twa as fine lads an' gude scholars as ye'll fin' inthe haill kintra-side, no to mention the laird and mysel'."
but hugh could bear it no longer; nor would he condescend to excuseor explain his conduct.
"madam, i beg you will not mention this subject again."
"but i will mention 't, mr. sutherlan'; an' if ye'll no listen torizzon, i'll go to them 'at maun do't."
"i am accountable to you, madam, for my conduct in your house, andfor the way in which i discharge my duty to your children--nofurther."
"do ye ca' that dischairgin' yer duty to my bairns, to set them theexample o' hingin' at a quean's âpron-strings, and fillin' her lugwi' idle havers?
ca' ye that dischairgin' yer duty?
"i never see the girl but in her father and mother's presence."
"weel, weel, mr. sutherlan'," said mrs. glasford, in a final tone,and trying to smother the anger which she felt she had allowed tocarry her further than was decorous, "we'll say nae mair aboot it atpresent; but i maun jist speak to the laird himsel', an' see what hesays till 't."
and, with this threat, she walked out of the room in what sheconsidered a dignified manner.
hugh was exceedingly annoyed at this treatment, and thought, atfirst, of throwing up his situation at once; but he got calmer bydegrees, and saw that it would be to his own loss, and perhaps tothe injury of his friends at the cottage.
so he took his revenge byrecalling the excited face of mrs. glasford, whose nose had got asred with passion as the protuberance of a turkey-cock when gobblingout its unutterable feelings of disdain.
he dwelt upon thissoothing contemplation till a fit of laughter relieved him, and hewas able to go and join his pupils as if nothing had happened.
meanwhile the lady sent for david, who was at work in the garden,into no less an audience-chamber than the drawing-room, the reveredabode of all the tutelar deities of the house; chief amongst whichwere the portraits of the laird and herself: he, plethoric andwrapped in voluminous folds of neckerchief--she long-necked, andlean, and bare-shouldered.
the original of the latter work of artseated herself in the most important chair in the room; and whendavid, after carefully wiping the shoes he had already wiped threetimes on his way up, entered with a respectful but no wiseobsequious bow, she ordered him, with the air of an empress, to shutthe door.
when he had obeyed, she ordered him, in a similar tone,to be seated; for she sought to mingle condescension andconciliation with severity.
"david," she then began, "i am informed that ye keep open door toour mr. sutherland, and that he spends most forenichts in yourcompany."
"weel, mem, it's verra true," was all david's answer.
he sat in anexpectant attitude.
"dawvid, i wonner at ye!"
returned mrs. glasford, forgetting herdignity, and becoming confidentially remonstrative.
"here's a younggentleman o' talans, wi' ilka prospeck o' waggin' his heid in apoopit some day; an' ye aid an' abet him in idlin' awa' his time atyour chimla-lug, duin' waur nor naething ava!
i'm surprised at ye,dawvid.
i thocht ye had mair sense."
david looked out of his clear, blue, untroubled eyes, upon theruffled countenance of his mistress, with an almost paternal smile.
"weel, mem, i maun say i dinna jist think the young man's in thewarst o' company, when he's at our ingle-neuk.
an' for idlin' o'his time awa', it's weel waurd for himsel', forby for us, gin holywords binna lees."
"what do ye mean, dawvid?"
said the lady rather sharply, for sheloved no riddles.
"i mean this, mem: that the young man is jist actin' the pairt o'peter an' john at the bonny gate o' the temple, whan they said:'such as i have, gie i thee;' an' gin' it be more blessed to giethan to receive, as sant paul says 'at the maister himsel' said, theyoung man 'ill no be the waur aff in's ain learnin', that heimpairts o't to them that hunger for't."
"ye mean by this, dawvid, gin ye could express yersel' to the pint,'at the young man, wha's ower weel paid to instruck my bairns,neglecks them, an' lays himsel' oot upo' ither fowk's weans, wha haeno richt to ettle aboon the station in which their maker pat them."
this was uttered with quite a religious fervour of expostulation;for the lady's natural indignation at the thought of meg elginbrodhaving lessons from her boys' tutor, was cowed beneath the quietsteady gaze of the noble-minded peasant father.
"he lays himsel' oot mair upo' the ither fowk themsels' than upo'their weans, mem; though, nae doubt, my maggy comes in for a gudeshare.
but for negleckin' o' his duty to you, mem, i'm sure i kennahoo that can be; for it was only yestreen 'at the laird himsel' saidto me, 'at hoo the bairns had never gotten on naething like it wi'ony ither body."
"the laird's ower ready wi's clavers," quoth the laird's wife,nettled to find herself in the wrong, and forgetful of her own andher lord's dignity at once.
"but," she pursued, "all i can say is,that i consider it verra improper o' you, wi' a young lass-bairn, toencourage the nichtly veesits o' a young gentleman, wha's sae faraboon her in station, an' dootless will some day be farther yet."
said david, with dignity, "i'm willin' no to understan' whatye mean.
my maggy's no ane 'at needs luikin' efter; an' a body hadneed to be carefu' an' no interfere wi' the lord's herdin', for heca's himsel' the shepherd o' the sheep, an' weel as i loe her i maunlea' him to lead them wha follow him wherever he goeth.
she'll beno ill guidit, and i'm no gaeing to kep her at ilka turn."
that's yer ain affair, dawvid, my man," rejoined mrs.glasford, with rising voice and complexion.
"a' 'at i hae to add isjist this: 'at as lang as my tutor veesits her"--"he veesits her no more than me, mem," interposed david; but hismistress went on with dignified disregard of the interruption--"veesits her, i canna, for the sake o' my own bairns, an' the moralso' my hoosehold, employ her aboot the hoose, as i was in the way o'doin' afore.
good mornin', dawvid.
i'll speak to the lairdhimsel', sin' ye'll no heed me."
"it's more to my lassie, mem, excuse me, to learn to unnerstan' theworks o' her maker, than it is to be employed in your household.
mony thanks, mem, for what ye hev' done in that way afore; an' goodmornin' to ye, mem.
i'm sorry we should hae ony misunderstandin',but i canna help it for my pairt."
with these words david withdrew, rather anxious about theconsequences to hugh of this unpleasant interference on the part ofmrs. glasford.
that lady's wrath kept warm without much nursing,till the laird came home; when she turned the whole of her batteryupon him, and kept up a steady fire until he yielded, and promisedto turn his upon david.
but he had more common-sense than his wifein some things, and saw at once how ridiculous it would be to treatthe affair as of importance.
so, the next time he saw david, headdressed him half jocularly:"weel, dawvid, you an' the mistress hae been haein' a bit o' adispute thegither, eh?"
"weel, sir, we warna a'thegither o' ae min'," said david, with asmile.
"weel, weel, we maun humour her, ye ken, or it may be the waur forus a', ye ken."
and the laird nodded with humorous significance.
"i'm sure i sud be glaid, sir; but this is no sma' maitter to me an'my maggie, for we're jist gettin' food for the verra sowl, sir, fraehim an' his beuks."
"cudna ye be content wi the beuks wi'out the man, dawvid?"
"we sud mak' but sma' progress, sir, that get."
the laird began to be a little nettled himself at david's stiffnessabout such a small matter, and held his peace.
david resumed:"besides, sir, that's a maitter for the young man to sattle, an' nofor me.
it wad ill become me, efter a' he's dune for us, to steekthe door in's face.
na, na; as lang's i hae a door to haud open,it's no to be steekit to him."
"efter a', the door's mine, dawvid," said the laird.
"as lang's i'm in your hoose an' in your service, sir, the door'smine," retorted david, quietly.
the laird turned and rode away without another word.
what passedbetween him and his wife never transpired.
nothing more was said tohugh as long as he remained at turriepuffit.
but margaret was neversent for to the house after this, upon any occasion whatever.
thelaird gave her a nod as often as he saw her; but the lady, if theychanced to meet, took no notice of her.
margaret, on her part,stood or passed with her eyes on the ground, and no further changeof countenance than a slight flush of discomfort.
the lessons went on as usual, and happy hours they were for allthose concerned.
often, in after years, and in far differentcircumstances, the thoughts of hugh reverted, with a painfulyearning, to the dim-lighted cottage, with its clay floor and itsdeal table; to the earnest pair seated with him at the labours thatunfold the motions of the stars; and even to the homely, thickset,but active form of janet, and that peculiar smile of hers withwhich, after an apparently snappish speech, spoken with her back tothe person addressed, she would turn round her honest facehalf-apologetically, and shine full upon some one or other of thethree, whom she honoured with her whole heart and soul, and who, shefeared, might be offended at what she called her "hame-ower fashionof speaking."
indeed it was wonderful what a share the motherhoodof this woman, incapable as she was of entering into theintellectual occupations of the others, had in producing that senseof home-blessedness, which inwrapt hugh also in the folds of itshospitality, and drew him towards its heart.
certain it is that notone of the three would have worked so well without the sense of thepresence of janet, here and there about the room, or in theimmediate neighbourhood of it--love watching over labour.
once aweek, always on saturday nights, hugh stayed to supper with them:and on these occasions, janet contrived to have something betterthan ordinary in honour of their guest.
still it was of thehomeliest country fare, such as hugh could partake of without theleast fear that his presence occasioned any inconvenience to hisentertainers.
nor was hugh the only giver of spiritual food.
putting aside the rich gifts of human affection and sympathy, whichgrew more and more pleasant--i can hardly use a stronger wordyet--to hugh every day, many things were spoken by the simple wisdomof david, which would have enlightened hugh far more than they did,had he been sufficiently advanced to receive them.
but their verysimplicity was often far beyond the grasp of his thoughts; for thehigher we rise, the simpler we become; and david was one of those ofwhom is the kingdom of heaven.
there is a childhood into which wehave to grow, just as there is a childhood which we must leavebehind; a childlikeness which is the highest gain of humanity, and achildishness from which but few of those who are counted the wisestamong men, have freed themselves in their imagined progress towardsthe reality of things.
the unthrift sunne shot vitall gold,  a thousand pieces;and heaven its azure did unfold,  chequered with snowy fleeces.
the air was all in spice,       and every bush     a garland wore: thus fed my eyes,       but all the eare lay hush.
it was not in mathematics alone that hugh sutherland was serviceableto margaret elginbrod.
that branch of study had been chosen for herfather, not for her; but her desire to learn had led her to lay holdupon any mental provision with which the table happened to bespread; and the more eagerly that her father was a guest at the samefeast.
before long, hugh bethought him that it might possibly be ofservice to her, in the course of her reading, if he taught herenglish a little more thoroughly than she had probably picked it upat the parish school, to which she had been in the habit of goingtill within a very short period of her acquaintance with thetutor.--the english reader must not suppose the term parish schoolto mean what the same term would mean if used in england.
boys andgirls of very different ranks go to the scotch parish schools, andthe fees are so small as to place their education within the reachof almost the humblest means.--to his proposal to this effectmargaret responded thankfully; and it gave hugh an opportunity ofdirecting her attention to many of the more delicate distinctions inliterature, for the appreciation of which she manifested at once aremarkable aptitude.
coleridge's poems had been read long ago; some of them, indeed,almost committed to memory in the process of repeated perusal.
nodoubt a good many of them must have been as yet too abstruse forher; not in the least, however, from inaptitude in her for suchsubjects as they treated of, but simply because neither the termsnor the modes of thought could possibly have been as yet presentedto her in so many different positions as to enable her to comprehendtheir scope.
hugh lent her sir walter's poems next, but those sheread at an eye-glance.
she returned the volume in a week, sayingmerely, they were "verra bonnie stories."
he saw at once that, tohave done them justice with the girl, he ought to have lent themfirst.
but that could not be helped now; and what should come next?
upon this he took thought.
his library was too small to cause muchperplexity of choice, but for a few days he continued undecided.
meantime the interest he felt in his girl-pupil deepened greatly.
she became a kind of study to him.
the expression of hercountenance was far inferior to her intelligence and power ofthought.
it was still to excess--almost dull in ordinary; not fromany fault in the mould of the features, except, perhaps, in theupper lip, which seemed deficient in drawing, if i may be allowedthe expression; but from the absence of that light which indicatesthe presence of active thought and feeling within.
in this respecther face was like the earthen pitcher of gideon: it concealed thelight.
she seemed to have, to a peculiar degree, the faculty ofretiring inside.
but now and then, while he was talking to her, anddoubtful, from the lack of expression, whether she was evenlistening with attention to what he was saying, her face wouldlighten up with a radiant smile of intelligence; not, however,throwing the light upon him, and in a moment reverting to its formercondition of still twilight.
her person seemed not to be as yetthoroughly possessed or informed by her spirit.
it sat apart withinher; and there was no ready transit from her heart to her face.
this lack of presence in the face is quite common in prettyschool-girls and rustic beauties; but it was manifest to an unusualdegree in the case of margaret.
yet most of the forms and lines inher face were lovely; and when the light did shine through them fora passing moment, her countenance seemed absolutely beautiful.
hence it grew into an almost haunting temptation with hugh, to tryto produce this expression, to unveil the coy light of the beautifulsoul.
often he tried; often he failed, and sometimes he succeeded.
had they been alone it might have become dangerous--i mean forhugh; i cannot tell for margaret.
when they first met, she had just completed her seventeenth year;but, at an age when a town-bred girl is all but a woman, her mannerswere those of a child.
this childishness, however, soon began todisappear, and the peculiar stillness of her face, of which i havealready said so much, made her seem older than she was.
it was now early summer, and all the other trees in the wood--ofwhich there were not many besides the firs of various kinds--had puton their fresh leaves, heaped up in green clouds between thewanderer and the heavens.
in the morning the sun shone so clearupon these, that, to the eyes of one standing beneath, the lightseemed to dissolve them away to the most ethereal forms of glorifiedfoliage.
they were to be claimed for earth only by the shadows thatthe one cast upon the other, visible from below through thetransparent leaf.
this effect is very lovely in the young season ofthe year, when the leaves are more delicate and less crowded; andespecially in the early morning, when the light is most clear andpenetrating.
by the way, i do not think any man is compelled to bidgood-bye to his childhood: every man may feel young in the morning,middle-aged in the afternoon, and old at night.
a day correspondsto a life, and the portions of the one are "pictures in little" ofthe seasons of the other.
thus far man may rule even time, andgather up, in a perfect being, youth and age at once.
one morning, about six o'clock, hugh, who had never been so early inthe wood since the day he had met margaret there, was standing undera beech-tree, looking up through its multitudinous leaves,illuminated, as i have attempted to describe, with the sidelong raysof the brilliant sun.
he was feeling young, and observing the formsof nature with a keen discriminating gaze: that was all.
fond ofwriting verses, he was studying nature, not as a true lover, but asone who would hereafter turn his discoveries to use.
for it must beconfessed that nature affected him chiefly through the medium ofpoetry; and that he was far more ambitious of writing beautifulthings about nature than of discovering and understanding, for theirown sakes, any of her hidden yet patent meanings.
changing hisattitude after a few moments, he descried, under another beech-tree,not far from him, margaret, standing and looking up fixedly as hehad been doing a moment before.
he approached her, and she, hearinghis advance, looked, and saw him, but did not move.
he thought hesaw the glimmer of tears in her eyes.
she was the first to speak,however.
"what were you seeing up there, mr.
"i was only looking at the bright leaves, and the shadows uponthem."
i thocht maybe ye had seen something."
"what do you mean, margaret?"
"i dinna richtly ken mysel'.
but i aye expeck to see something inthis fir-wood.
i'm here maist mornin's as the day dawns, but i'mlater the day."
"we were later than usual at our work last night.
but what kind ofthing do you expect to see?"
"that's jist what i dinna ken.
an' i canna min' whan i began tocome here first, luikin' for something.
i've tried mony a time, buti canna min', do what i like."
margaret had never said so much about herself before.
i can accountfor it only on the supposition that hugh had gradually assumed inher mind a kind of pastoral superiority, which, at a favourablemoment, inclined her to impart her thoughts to him.
but he did notknow what to say to this strange fact in her history.
she went on,however, as if, having broken the ice, she must sweep it away aswell.
"the only thing 'at helps me to account for't, is a picter in ourauld bible, o' an angel sittin' aneth a tree, and haudin' up hishan' as gin he were speakin' to a woman 'at's stan'in' afore him.
ilka time 'at i come across that picter, i feel direckly as gin iwar my lane in this fir-wood here; sae i suppose that when i was awee bairn, i maun hae come oot some mornin' my lane, wi' theexpectation o' seein' an angel here waitin' for me, to speak to melike the ane i' the bible.
but never an angel hae i seen.
yet iaye hae an expectation like o' seein' something, i kenna what; forthe whole place aye seems fu' o' a presence, an' it's a hantle mairto me nor the kirk an' the sermon forby; an' for the singin', thesoun' i' the fir-taps is far mair solemn and sweet at the same time,an' muckle mair like praisin' o' god than a' the psalms thegither.
but i aye think 'at gin i could hear milton playin' on's organ, itwould be mair like that soun' o' mony waters, than onything else 'ati can think o'."
hugh stood and gazed at her in astonishment.
to his more refinedear, there was a strange incongruity between the somewhat coarsedialect in which she spoke, and the things she uttered in it.
notthat he was capable of entering into her feelings, much less ofexplaining them to her.
he felt that there was something remarkablein them, but attributed both the thoughts themselves and theirinfluence on him, to an uncommon and weird imagination.
as of suchorigin, however, he was just the one to value them highly.
"those are very strange ideas," he said.
"but what can there be about the wood?
the very primroses--yebrocht me the first this spring yersel', mr. sutherland--come out atthe fit o' the trees, and look at me as if they said, 'we ken--weken a' aboot it;' but never a word mair they say.
there's somethingby ordinar' in't."
"do you like no other place besides?"
said hugh, for the sake ofsaying something.
"ou ay, mony ane; but nane like this."
"what kind of place do you like best?"
"i like places wi' green grass an' flowers amo't."
"you like flowers then?"
whiles they gar me greet an' whiles they gar me lauch;but there's mair i' them than that, an' i' the wood too.
i cannarichtly say my prayers in ony ither place."
the scotch dialect, especially to one brought up in the highlands,was a considerable antidote to the effect of the beauty of whatmargaret said.
suddenly it struck hugh, that if margaret were such an admirer ofnature, possibly she might enjoy wordsworth.
he himself was as yetincapable of doing him anything like justice; and, with thearrogance of youth, did not hesitate to smile at the excursion,picking out an awkward line here and there as especial food forlaughter even.
but many of his smaller pieces he enjoyed veryheartily, although not thoroughly--the element of christianpantheism, which is their soul, being beyond his comprehension,almost perception, as yet.
so he made up his mind, after a moment'sreflection, that this should be the next author he recommended tohis pupil.
he hoped likewise so to end an interview, in which hemight otherwise be compelled to confess that he could rendermargaret no assistance in her search after the something in thewood; and he was unwilling to say he could not understand her; for apower of universal sympathy was one of those mental gifts which hughwas most anxious to believe he possessed.
"i will bring you another book to-night," said he "which i think youwill like, and which may perhaps help you to find out what is in thewood."
he said this smiling, half in playful jest, and without any idea ofthe degree of likelihood that there was notwithstanding in what hesaid.
for, certainly, wordsworth, the high-priest of nature, thoughperhaps hardly the apostle of nature, was more likely than any otherwriter to contain something of the secret after which margaret wassearching.
whether she can find it there, may seem questionable.
"thank you, sir," said margaret, gratefully; but her wholecountenance looked troubled, as she turned towards her home.
doubtless, however, the trouble vanished before she reached it, forhers was not a nature to cherish disquietude.
hugh too went home,rather thoughtful.
in the evening, he took a volume of wordsworth, and repaired,according to his wont, to david's cottage.
it was saturday, and hewould stay to supper.
after they had given the usual time to theirstudies, hugh, setting margaret some exercises in english to writeon her slate, while he helped david with some of the elements oftrigonometry, and again going over those elements with her, whiledavid worked out a calculation--after these were over, and whilejanet was putting the supper on the table, hugh pulled out hisvolume, and, without any preface, read them the leech-gatherer.
alllistened very intently, janet included, who delayed several of theoperations, that she might lose no word of the verses; david noddingassent every now and then, and ejaculating ay!
or eh, man!
orproducing that strange muffled sound at once common and peculiar toscotchmen, which cannot be expressed in letters by a nearer approachthan hm--hm, uttered, if that can be called uttering, with closedlips and open nasal passage; and margaret sitting motionless on hercreepie, with upturned pale face, and eyes fixed upon the lips ofthe reader.
when he had ceased, all were silent for a moment, whenjanet made some little sign of anxiety about her supper, whichcertainly had suffered by the delay.
then, without a word, davidturned towards the table and gave thanks.
turning again to hugh,who had risen to place his chair, he said,"that maun be the wark o' a great poet, mr.
"it's wordsworth's," said hugh.
weel, i hae jist heard him mademention o', but i never read word o' his afore.
an' he neverrepentit o' that same resolution, i'se warrant, 'at he eynds affwi'.
hoo does it gang, mr.
sutherland read:--     "'god,' said i, 'be my help and stay secure!
i'll think of the leech-gatherer on the lonely moor;'"and added, "it is said wordsworth never knew what it was to be inwant of money all his life."
"nae doubt, nae doubt: he trusted in him."
it was for the sake of the minute notices of nature, and not for thereligious lesson, which he now seemed to see for the first time,that hugh had read the poem.
he could not help being greatlyimpressed by the confidence with which david received the statementhe had just made on the authority of de quincey in his unpleasantarticle about wordsworth.
david resumed:"he maun hae had a gleg 'ee o' his ain, that maister wordsworth, tonotice a'thing that get.
weel he maun hae likit leevin' things,puir maukin an' a'--jist like our robbie burns for that.
an' seehoo they a' ken ane anither, thae poets.
what says he abootburns?--ye needna tell me, mr. sutherlan'; i min't weel aneuch.
hesays:--     'him wha walked in glory an' in joy,      followin' his ploo upo' the muntain-side.'
but, man, he was a gran' chield efter a';an' i trust in god he's won hame by this!"
both janet and hugh, who had had a very orthodox education, started,mentally, at this strange utterance; but they saw the eye of davidsolemnly fixed, as if in deep contemplation, and lighted in its bluedepths with an ethereal brightness; and neither of them ventured tospeak.
margaret seemed absorbed for the moment in gazing on herfather's face; but not in the least as if it perplexed her like thefir-wood.
to the seeing eye, the same kind of expression would havebeen evident in both countenances, as if margaret's reflected themeaning of her father's; whether through the medium of intellectualsympathy, or that of the heart only, it would have been hard to say.
meantime supper had been rather neglected; but its operations werenow resumed more earnestly, and the conversation became lighter;till at last it ended in hearty laughter, and hugh rose and took hisleave.
it is the property of good and sound knowledge, to putrifie anddissolve into a number of subtle, idle, unwholesome, and (as i maytearme them) vermiculate questions; which have indeed a kinde ofquicknesse, and life of spirite, but no soundnesse of matter, orgoodnesse of quality.--lord bacon.--advancement of learning.
the following morning, the laird's family went to church as usual,and hugh went with them.
their walk was first across fields, bypleasant footpaths; and then up the valley of a little noisy stream,that obstinately refused to keep scotch sabbath, praising the lordafter its own fashion.
they emerged into rather a bleak countrybefore reaching the church, which was quite new, and perched on abarren eminence, that it might be as conspicuous by its position, asit was remarkable for its ugliness.
one grand aim of the reformersof the scottish ecclesiastical modes, appears to have been to keepthe worship pure and the worshippers sincere, by embodying the wholein the ugliest forms that could be associated with the name ofchristianity.
it might be wished, however, that some of theirfollowers, and amongst them the clergyman of the church in question,had been content to stop there; and had left the object of worship,as represented by them, in the possession of some lovable attribute;so as not to require a man to love that which is unlovable, orworship that which is not honourable--in a word, to bow down beforethat which is not divine.
the cause of this degeneracy they sharein common with the followers of all other great men as well as ofcalvin.
they take up what their leader, urged by the necessity ofthe time, spoke loudest, never heeding what he loved most; and thenwork the former out to a logical perdition of everything belongingto the latter.
hugh, however, thought it was all right: for he had the same goodreasons, and no other, for receiving it all, that a mohammedan or abuddhist has for holding his opinions; namely, that he had heardthose doctrines, and those alone, from his earliest childhood.
hewas therefore a good deal startled when, having, on his way home,strayed from the laird's party towards david's, he heard the lattersay to margaret as he came up:"dinna ye believe, my bonny doo, 'at there's ony mak' ups or mak'shifts wi' him.
he's aye bringin' things to the licht, no covenin'them up and lattin them rot, an' the moth tak' them.
he sees usjist as we are, and ca's us jist what we are.
it wad be an ill dayfor a' o's, maggy, my doo, gin he war to close his een to oor sins,an' ca' us just in his sicht, whan we cudna possibly be just in oorain or in ony ither body's, no to say his."
"the lord preserve's, dawvid elginbrod!
dinna ye believe i' thedoctrine o' justification by faith, an' you a'maist made an eldero'?"
janet was the respondent, of course, margaret listening in silence.
"ou ay, i believe in't, nae doot; but, troth!
the minister, honestman, near-han' gart me disbelieve in't a'thegither wi' his gran'sermon this mornin', about imputit richteousness, an' a clean robehidin' a foul skin or a crookit back.
may him 'at wooshthe feet o' his friens, wash us a'thegither, and straucht oorcrookit banes, till we're clean and weel-faured like his ain bonnysel'."
"weel, dawvid--but that's sanctificaition, ye ken."
"ca't ony name 'at you or the minister likes, janet, my woman.
idaursay there's neither o' ye far wrang after a'; only this is jistmy opingan aboot it in sma'--that that man, and that man only, isjustifeed, wha pits himsel' into the lord's han's to sanctifee him.
an' that'll no be dune by pittin' a robe o' richteousnessupo' him, afore he's gotten a clean skin aneath't.
as gin a fathercudna bide to see the puir scabbit skin o' his ain wee bit bairnie,ay, or o' his prodigal son either, but bude to hap it a' up afore hecud lat it come near him!
here hugh ventured to interpose a remark.
"but you don't think, mr. elginbrod, that the minister intended tosay that justification left a man at liberty to sin, or that therobe of christ's righteousness would hide him from the work of thespirit?"
"na; but there is a notion in't o' hidin' frae god himsel'.
i'lltell ye what it is mr. sutherlan': the minister's a' richt inhimsel', an' sae's my janet here, an' mony mair; an' aiblins there'sa kin' o' trowth in a' 'at they say; but this is my quarrel wi' a'thae words an' words an' airguments, an' seemilies as they ca' them,an' doctrines, an' a' that--they jist haud a puir body at airm'slenth oot ower frae god himsel'.
an' they raise a mist an' a stoura' aboot him, 'at the puir bairn canna see the father himsel',stan'in' wi' his airms streekit oot as wide's the heavens, to tak'the worn crater,--and the mair sinner, the mair welcome,--hame tohis verra hert.
gin a body wad lea' a' that, and jist get fowkpersuâdit to speyk a word or twa to god him lane, the loss, in myopingan, wad be unco sma', and the gain verra great."
even janet dared not reply to the solemnity of this speech; for theseer-like look was upon david's face, and the tears had gathered inhis eyes and dimmed their blue.
a kind of tremulous pathetic smileflickered about his beautifully curved mouth, like the glimmer ofwater in a valley, betwixt the lofty aquiline nose and the powerfulbut finely modelled chin.
it seemed as if he dared not let thesmile break out, lest it should be followed instantly by a burst oftears.
margaret went close up to her father and took his hand as if she hadbeen still a child, while janet walked reverentially by him on theother side.
it must not be supposed that janet felt any uneasinessabout her husband's opinions, although she never hesitated to utterwhat she considered her common-sense notions, in attemptedmodification of some of the more extreme of them.
the fact wasthat, if he was wrong, janet did not care to be right; and if he wasright, janet was sure to be; "for," said she--and in spirit, if notin the letter, it was quite true--"i never mint at contradickin'him.
my man sall hae his ain get, that sall he."
but she had oneespecial grudge at his opinions; which was, that it must have beenin consequence of them that he had declined, with a queer smile, thehonourable position of elder of the kirk; for which janet consideredhim, notwithstanding his opinions, immeasurably more fitted than anyother man "in the haill country-side--ye may add scotlan' forby."
the fact of his having been requested to fill the vacant place ofelder, is proof enough that david was not in the habit of givingopen expression to his opinions.
he was looked upon as a douce man,long-headed enough, and somewhat precise in the exaction of thelaird's rights, but open-hearted and open-handed with what was hisown.
every one respected him, and felt kindly towards him; somewere a little afraid of him; but few suspected him of beingreligious beyond the degree which is commonly supposed to be thegeneral inheritance of scotchmen, possibly in virtue of their beingbrought up upon oatmeal porridge and the shorter catechism.
hugh walked behind the party for a short way, contemplating them intheir sunday clothes: david wore a suit of fine black cloth.
hethen turned to rejoin the laird's company.
mrs. glasford wasquestioning her boys, in an intermittent and desultory fashion,about the sermon.
"an' what was the fourth heid, can ye tell me, willie?"
willie, the eldest, who had carefully impressed the fourth head uponhis memory, and had been anxiously waiting for an opportunity ofbringing it out, replied at once:"fourthly: the various appellations by which those who have induedthe robe of righteousness are designated in holy writ."
"weel done, willie!"
cried the laird.
"that's richt, willie," said his mother.
then turning to theyounger, whose attention was attracted by a strange bird in thehedge in front.
"an' what called he them, johnnie, that put on therobe?"
"whited sepulchres," answered johnnie, indebted for his wit to hiswool-gathering.
this put an end to the catechising.
mrs. glasford glanced round athugh, whose defection she had seen with indignation, and who,waiting for them by the roadside, had heard the last question andreply, with an expression that seemed to attribute any defect in theanswer, entirely to the carelessness of the tutor, and thewithdrawal of his energies from her boys to that "saucy quean, megelginbrod."
when the soul is kindled or enlightened by the holy ghost, then itbeholds what god its father does, as a son beholds what his fatherdoes at home in his own house.--jacob behmen's aurora--law'stranslation.
margaret began to read wordsworth, slowly at first, but soon withgreater facility.
ere long she perceived that she had found afriend; for not only did he sympathize with her in her love fornature, putting many vague feelings into thoughts, and many thoughtsinto words for her, but he introduced her to nature in manyaltogether new aspects, and taught her to regard it in ways whichhad hitherto been unknown to her.
not only was the pine wood nowdearer to her than before, but its mystery seemed more sacred, and,at the same time, more likely to be one day solved.
she felt farmore assuredly the presence of a spirit in nature,     "whose dwelling is the light of setting suns,      and the round ocean, and the living air;"for he taught her to take wider views of nature, and to perceive andfeel the expressions of more extended aspects of the world aroundher.
the purple hill-side was almost as dear to her as the fir-woodnow; and the star that crowned its summit at eve, sparkled anespecial message to her, before it went on its way up the blue.
sheextended her rambles in all directions, and began to get with theneighbours the character of an idle girl.
little they knew howearly she rose, and how diligently she did her share of the work,urged by desire to read the word of god in his own handwriting; orrather, to pore upon that expression of the face of god, which,however little a man may think of it, yet sinks so deeply into hisnature, and moulds it towards its own likeness.
nature was doing for margaret what she had done before forwordsworth's lucy: she was making of her "a lady of her own."
shegrew taller and more graceful.
the lasting quiet of her face beganto look as if it were ever upon the point of blossoming into anexpression of lovely feeling.
the principal change was in hermouth, which became delicate and tender in its curves, the lipsseeming to kiss each other for very sweetness.
but i amanticipating these changes, for it took a far longer time to perfectthem than has yet been occupied by my story.
but even her mother was not altogether proof against the appearanceof listlessness and idleness which margaret's behaviour sometimeswore to her eyes; nor could she quite understand or excuse her longlonely walks; so that now and then she could not help addressing herafter this fashion:"meg!
ye do try my patience, lass, idlin' awa' yer time thatget.
it's an awfu' wastery o' time, what wi' beuks, an' what wi'stravaguin', an' what wi' naething ava.
jist pit yer han' to thiskirn noo, like a gude bairn."
margaret would obey her mother instantly, but with a look of silentexpostulation which her mother could not resist; sometimes, perhaps,if the words were sharper than usual, with symptoms of gatheringtears; upon which janet would say, with her honest smile of sweetrelenting,"hootoots, bairn!
never heed me.
my bark's aye waur nor my bite; yeken that."
then margaret's face would brighten at once, and she would work hardat whatever her mother set her to do, till it was finished; uponwhich her mother would be more glad than she, and in no haste toimpose any further labour out of the usual routine.
in the course of reading wordsworth, margaret had frequent occasionto apply to hugh for help.
these occasions, however, generallyinvolved no more than small external difficulties, which preventedher from taking in the scope of a passage.
hugh was always able tomeet these, and margaret supposed that the whole of the light whichflashed upon her mind when they were removed, was poured upon thepage by the wisdom of her tutor; never dreaming--such was herhumility with regard to herself, and her reverence towards him--thatit came from the depths of her own lucent nature, ready to perceivewhat the poet came prepared to show.
now and then, it is true, sheapplied to him with difficulties in which he was incapable of aidingher; but she put down her failure in discovering the meaning, afterall which it must be confessed he sometimes tried to say, to her ownstupidity or peculiarity--never to his incapacity.
she had beenhelped to so much by his superior acquirements, and his real giftfor communicating what he thoroughly understood; he had been soentirely her guide to knowledge, that she would at once have feltself-condemned of impiety--in the old meaning of the word--if shehad doubted for a moment his ability to understand or explain anydifficulty which she could place clearly before him.
by-and-by he began to lend her harder, that is, more purelyintellectual books.
he was himself preparing for the class of moralphilosophy and metaphysics; and he chose for her some of the simplerof his books on these subjects--of course all of the scotchschool--beginning with abercrombie's intellectual powers.
she tookthis eagerly, and evidently read it with great attention.
one evening in the end of summer, hugh climbed a waste heathery hillthat lay behind the house of turriepuffit, and overlooked a greatpart of the neighbouring country, the peaks of some of the greatestof the scotch mountains being visible from its top.
here heintended to wait for the sunset.
he threw himself on the heather,that most delightful and luxurious of all couches, supporting thebody with a kindly upholding of every part; and there he lay in thegreat slumberous sunlight of the late afternoon, with the blueheavens, into which he was gazing full up, closing down upon him, asthe light descended the side of the sky.
he fell fast asleep.
ifever there be an excuse for falling asleep out of bed, surely it iswhen stretched at full length upon heather in bloom.
when he awoke,the last of the sunset was dying away; and between him and thesunset sat margaret, book in hand, waiting apparently for hiswaking.
he lay still for a few minutes, to come to himself beforeshe should see he was awake.
but she rose at the moment, anddrawing near very quietly, looked down upon him with her sweetsunset face, to see whether or not he was beginning to rouse, forshe feared to let him lie much longer after sundown.
finding himawake, she drew back again without a word, and sat down as beforewith her book.
at length he rose, and, approaching her, said--"well, margaret, what book are you at now?"
"dr. abercrombie, sir," replied margaret.
"how do you like it?"
"verra weel for some things.
it makes a body think; but nota'thegither as i like to think either."
it will be observed that margaret's speech had begun to improve,that is, to be more like english.
"what is the matter with it?"
"weel, ye see, sir, it taks a body a' to bits like, and never pitsthem together again.
an' it seems to me that a body's min' or soul,or whatever it may be called--but it's jist a body's ain sel'--canno more be ta'en to pieces like, than you could tak' that red lichtthere oot o' the blue, or the haill sunset oot o' the heavens an'earth.
it may be a' verra weel, mr. sutherland, but oh!
it's nolike this!"
and margaret looked around her from the hill-top, and then up intothe heavens, where the stars were beginning to crack the blue withtheir thin, steely sparkle.
"it seems to me to tak' a' the poetry oot o' us, mr.
"well, well," said hugh, with a smile, "you must just go towordsworth to put it in again; or to set you again up after dr.abercrombie has demolished you."
"na, na, sir, he sanna demolish me: nor i winna trouble mr.wordsworth to put the poetry into me again.
a' the power on earthshanna tak' that oot o' me, gin it be god's will; for it's his aingift, mr. sutherland, ye ken."
"of course, of course," replied hugh, who very likely thought thistoo serious a way of speaking of poetry, and therefore, perhaps,rather an irreverent way of speaking of god; for he saw neither thedivine in poetry, nor the human in god.
could he be said to believethat god made man, when he did not believe that god createdpoetry--and yet loved it as he did?
it was to him only a grandinvention of humanity in its loftiest development.
in thisdevelopment, then, he must have considered humanity as farthest fromits origin; and god as the creator of savages, caring nothing forpoets or their work.
they turned, as by common consent, to go down the hill together.
"shall i take charge of the offending volume?
you will not care tofinish it, i fear," said hugh.
"no, sir, if you please.
i never like to leave onything unfinished.
i'll read ilka word in't.
i fancy the thing 'at sets me againstit, is mostly this; that, readin' it alang wi' euclid, i canna helpaye thinkin' o' my ain min' as gin it were in some geometrical shapeor ither, whiles ane an' whiles anither; and syne i try to drawlines an' separate this power frae that power, the memory frae thejeedgement, an' the imagination frae the rizzon; an' syne i try topit them a' thegither again in their relations to ane anither.
andthis aye takes the shape o' some proposition or ither, generally i'the second beuk.
it near-han' dazes me whiles.
i fancy gin' iunderstood the pairts o' the sphere, it would be mair to thepurpose; but i wat i wish i were clear o't a'thegither."
hugh had had some experiences of a similar kind himself, though notat all to the same extent.
he could therefore understand her.
"you must just try to keep the things altogether apart," said he,"and not think of the two sciences at once."
"but i canna help it," she replied.
"i suppose you can, sir, becauseye're a man.
my father can understan' things ten times better norme an' my mother.
but nae sooner do i begin to read and think aboutit, than up comes ane o' thae parallelograms, an' nothing willdriv't oot o' my head again, but a verse or twa o' coleridge orwordsworth."
hugh immediately began to repeat the first poem of the latter thatoccurred to him:     "i wandered lonely as a cloud."
she listened, walking along with her eyes fixed on the ground; andwhen he had finished, gave a sigh of delight and relief--all thecomment she uttered.
she seemed never to find it necessary to saywhat she felt; least of all when the feeling was a pleasant one; forthen it was enough for itself.
this was only the second time sincetheir acquaintance, that she had spoken of her feelings at all; andin this case they were of a purely intellectual origin.
it is to beobserved, however, that in both cases she had taken pains to explainthoroughly what she meant, as far as she was able.
it was dark before they reached home, at least as dark as it ever isat this season of the year in the north.
they found david lookingout with some slight anxiety for his daughter's return, for she wasseldom out so late as this.
in nothing could the true relationbetween them have been more evident than in the entire absence fromher manner of any embarrassment when she met her father.
she wentup to him and told him all about finding mr. sutherland asleep onthe hill, and waiting beside him till he woke, that she might walkhome with him.
her father seemed perfectly content with anexplanation which he had not sought, and, turning to hugh, said,smiling:"weel, no to be troublesome, mr. sutherlan', ye maun gie the auldman a turn as weel as the young lass.
we didna expec ye the nicht,but i'm sair puzzled wi' a sma' eneuch matter on my sklet in there.
will you no come in and gie me a lift?"
"with all my heart," said sutherland.
so there were five lessons inthat week.
when hugh entered the cottage he had a fine sprig of heather in hishand, which he laid on the table.
he had the weakness of being proud of small discoveries--the tinierthe better; and was always sharpening his senses, as well as hisintellect, to a fine point, in order to make them.
i fear that bythese means he shut out some great ones, which could not enterduring such a concentration of the faculties.
he would standlistening to the sound of goose-feet upon the road, and watch howthose webs laid hold of the earth like a hand.
he would struggle toenter into their feelings in folding their wings properly on theirbacks.
he would calculate, on chemical and arithmetical grounds,whether one might not hear the nocturnal growth of plants in thetropics.
he was quite elated by the discovery, as he considered it,that shakspeare named his two officers of the watch, dogberry andverjuice; the poisonous dogberry, and the acid liquor of greenfruits, affording suitable names for the stupidly innocuousconstables, in a play the very essence of which is much ado aboutnothing.
another of his discoveries he had, during their lastlesson, unfolded to david, who had certainly contemplated it withinterest.
it was, that the original forms of the arabic numeralswere these:     1.2.3.4.5.6.7.8.9.
{original text has a picture}the number for which each figure stands being indicated by thenumber of straight lines employed in forming that numeral.
i fearthe comparative anatomy of figures gives no countenance to thediscovery which hugh flattered himself he had made.
after he had helped david out of his difficulty, he took up theheather, and stripping off the bells, shook them in his hand atmargaret's ear.
a half smile, like the moonlight of laughter,dawned on her face; and she listened with something of the sameexpression with which a child listens to the message from the sea,inclosed in a twisted shell.
he did the same at david's ear next.
that's a bonny wee soun'!
it's jist like sma'sheep-bells--fairy-sheep, i reckon, maggy, my doo."
"lat me hearken as weel," said janet.
"it's naething but a reestlin'.
i wad raither hear the sheepbaain', or the kye routin'."
"eh, mr. sutherlan'!
but, ye hae a gleg ee an' a sharp lug.
weel,the warld's fu' o' bonny sichts and souns, doon to the verrasma'est.
the lord lats naething gang.
i wadna wonner noo but theremicht be thousands sic like, ower sma' a'thegither for human ears,jist as we ken there are creatures as perfect in beowty as ony wesee, but far ower sma' for our een wintin' the glass.
but for mypairt, i aye like to see a heap o' things at ance, an' tak' them a'in thegither, an' see them playin' into ane anither's han' like.
iwas jist thinkin', as i came hame the nicht in the sinset, hoo itwad hae been naewise sae complete, wi' a' its red an' gowd an'green, gin it hadna been for the cauld blue east ahint it, wi' thetwa-three shiverin' starnies leukin' through't.
an' doubtless thewarld to come 'ill be a' the warmer to them 'at hadna ower mucklehappin here.
but i'm jist haverin', clean haverin', mr.sutherlan'," concluded david, with a smile of apologetic humour.
"i suppose you could easily believe with plato, david, that theplanets make a grand choral music as they roll about the heavens,only that as some sounds are too small, so that is too loud for usto hear."
"i cud weel believe that," was david's unhesitating answer.
margaret looked as if she not only could believe it, but would bedelighted to know that it was true.
neither janet nor hugh gave anyindication of feeling on the matter.
so a small seed that in the earth lies hidand dies, reviving bursts her cloddy side,adorned with yellow locks, of new is born,and doth become a mother great with corn,of grains brings hundreds with it, which when oldenrich the furrows with a sea of gold.
sir william drummond.--hymn of the resurrection.
hugh had watched the green corn grow, and ear, and turn dim; thenbrighten to yellow, and ripen at last under the declining autumnsun, and the low skirting moon of the harvest, which seems too fulland heavy with mellow and bountiful light to rise high above thefields which it comes to bless with perfection.
the long threads,on each of which hung an oat-grain--the harvest here was mostly ofoats--had got dry and brittle; and the grains began to spread outtheir chaff-wings, as if ready to fly, and rustled with sweet soundsagainst each other, as the wind, which used to billow the fieldslike the waves of the sea, now swept gently and tenderly over it,helping the sun and moon in the drying and ripening of the joy to belaid up for the dreary winter.
most graceful of all hung thosedelicate oats; next bowed the bearded barley; and stately andwealthy and strong stood the few fields of wheat, of a rich, ruddy,golden hue.
above the yellow harvest rose the purple hills, andabove the hills the pale-blue autumnal sky, full of light and heat,but fading somewhat from the colour with which it deepened above thevanished days of summer.
for the harvest here is much later than inengland.
at length the day arrived when the sickle must be put into thebarley, soon to be followed by the scythe in the oats.
and now camethe joy of labour.
everything else was abandoned for the harvestfield.
books were thrown utterly aside; for, even when there was nofear of a change of weather to urge to labour prolonged beyond thenatural hours, there was weariness enough in the work of the day toprevent even david from reading, in the hours of bodily rest,anything that necessitated mental labour.
janet and margaret betook themselves to the reaping-hook; and thesomewhat pale face of the latter needed but a single day to changeit to the real harvest hue--the brown livery of ceres.
but when theoats were attacked, then came the tug of war.
the laird was in thefields from morning to night, and the boys would not stay behind;but, with their father's permission, much to the tutor'scontentment, devoted what powers they had to the gathering of thefruits of the earth.
hugh himself, whose strength had grownamazingly during his stay at turriepuffit, and who, though he wasquite helpless at the sickle, thought he could wield the scythe,would not be behind.
throwing off coat and waistcoat, and tying hishandkerchief tight round his loins, he laid hold on the emblematicweapon of time and death, determined likewise to earn the name ofreaper.
he took the last scythe.
it was desperate work for awhile, and he was far behind the first bout; but david, who was thebest scyther in the whole country side, and of course had theleading scythe, seeing the tutor dropping behind, put more power tohis own arm, finished his own bout, and brought up hugh's before theothers had done sharpening their scythes for the next.
"tak' care an' nae rax yersel' ower sair, mr. sutherlan'.
ye'll beup wi' the best o' them in a day or twa; but gin ye tyauve at itaboon yer strenth, ye'll be clean forfochten.
tak' a guid sweep wi'the scythe, 'at ye may hae the weicht o't to ca' through the strae,an' tak' nae shame at bein' hindmost.
here, maggy, my doo, come an'gather to mr. sutherlan'.
ane o' the young gentlemen can tak' yourplace at the binin'."
the work of janet and margaret had been to form bands for thesheaves, by folding together cunningly the heads of two smallhandfuls of the corn, so as to make them long enough together to goround the sheaf; then to lay this down for the gatherer to placeenough of the mown corn upon it; and last, to bind the band tightlyaround by another skilful twist and an insertion of the ends, and soform a sheaf.
from this work david called his daughter, desirous ofgiving hugh a gatherer who would not be disrespectful to hisawkwardness.
this arrangement, however, was far from pleasing tosome of the young men in the field, and brought down upon hugh, whowas too hard-wrought to hear them at first, many sly hits of countrywit and human contempt.
there had been for some time great jealousyof his visits at david's cottage; for margaret, though she had verylittle acquaintance with the young men of the neighbourhood, wasgreatly admired amongst them, and not regarded as so far above thestation of many of them as to render aspiration useless.
theirremarks to each other got louder and louder, till hugh at last heardsome of them, and could not help being annoyed, not by their wit orpersonality, but by the tone of contempt in which they were uttered.
"tak' care o' yer legs, sir.
it'll be ill cuttin' upo' stumps."
he's taen the wings aff o' a pairtrick."
"gin he gang on that get, he'll cut twa bouts at ance."
"ye'll hae the scythe ower the dyke, man.
sir; ye've taen aff my leg at the hip!"
"ye're shavin' ower close: ye'll draw the bluid, sir."
the gentleman's only mista'en his trade, an'imaigins he's howkin' a grave."
and so on.
hugh gave no further sign of hearing their remarks thanlay in increased exertion.
looking round, however, he saw thatmargaret was vexed, evidently not for her own sake.
he smiled toher, to console her for his annoyance; and then, ambitious to removethe cause of it, made a fresh exertion, recovered all his distance,and was in his own place with the best of them at the end of thebout.
but the smile that had passed between them did not escapeunobserved; and he had aroused yet more the wrath of the youths, bythreatening soon to rival them in the excellencies to which they hadan especial claim.
they had regarded him as an interloper, who hadno right to captivate one of their rank by arts beyond their reach;but it was still less pardonable to dare them to a trial of skillwith their own weapons.
to the fire of this jealousy, theadmiration of the laird added fuel; for he was delighted with thespirit with which hugh laid himself to the scythe.
but all thetime, nothing was further from hugh's thoughts than the idea ofrivalry with them.
whatever he might have thought of margaret inrelation to himself, he never thought of her, though labouring inthe same field with them, as in the least degree belonging to theirclass, or standing in any possible relation to them, except that ofa common work.
in ordinary, the labourers would have had sufficient respect forsutherland's superior position, to prevent them from giving suchdecided and articulate utterance to their feelings.
but they wereincited by the presence and example of a man of doubtful characterfrom the neighbouring village, a travelled and clever ne'er-do-weel,whose reputation for wit was equalled by his reputation for courageand skill, as well as profligacy.
roused by the effervescence ofhis genius, they went on from one thing to another, till hugh saw itmust be put a stop to somehow, else he must abandon the field.
theydared not have gone so far if david had been present; but he hadbeen called away to superintend some operations in another part ofthe estate; and they paid no heed to the expostulations of some ofthe other older men.
at the close of the day's work, therefore,hugh walked up to this fellow, and said:"i hope you will be satisfied with insulting me all to-day, andleave it alone to-morrow."
the man replied, with an oath and a gesture of rude contempt,"i dinna care the black afore my nails for ony skelp-doup o' the loto' ye."
hugh's highland blood flew to his brain, and before the rascalfinished his speech, he had measured his length on the stubble.
hesprang to his feet in a fury, threw off the coat which he had justput on, and darted at hugh, who had by this time recovered hiscoolness, and was besides, notwithstanding his unusual exertions,the more agile of the two.
the other was heavier and more powerful.
hugh sprang aside, as he would have done from the rush of a bull,and again with a quick blow felled his antagonist.
beginning ratherto enjoy punishing him, he now went in for it; and, before the otherwould yield, he had rendered his next day's labour somewhatdoubtful.
he withdrew, with no more injury to himself than a littlewater would remove.
janet and margaret had left the field before headdressed the man.
he went borne and to bed--more weary than he had ever been in hislife.
before he went to sleep, however, he made up his mind to saynothing of his encounter to david, but to leave him to hear of itfrom other sources.
he could not help feeling a little anxious asto his judgment upon it.
that the laird would approve, he hardlydoubted; but for his opinion he cared very little.
"dawvid, i wonner at ye," said janet to her husband, the moment hecame home, "to lat the young lad warstle himsel' deid that get wi' ascythe.
his banes is but saft yet, there wasna a dry steek on himor he wan half the lenth o' the first bout.
he's sair disjaskit,i'se warran'."
"nae fear o' him, janet; it'll do him guid.
mr. sutherland's nofeckless winlestrae o' a creater.
did he haud his ain at a' wi' thelave?"
"haud his ain!
gin he be fit for onything the day, he maun bepitten neist yersel', or he'll cut the legs aff o' ony ither man i'the corn."
a glow of pleasure mantled in margaret's face at her mother's praiseof hugh.
janet went on:"but i was jist clean affronted wi' the way 'at the young chieldsbehaved themselves till him."
"i thocht i heard a toot-moot o' that kin' afore i left, but ithocht it better to tak' nae notice o't.
i'll be wi' ye a' day themorn though, an' i'm thinkin' i'll clap a rouch han' on their mou's'at i hear ony mair o't frae."
but there was no occasion for interference on david's part.
hughmade his appearance--not, it is true, with the earliest in thehairst-rig, but after breakfast with the laird, who was delightedwith the way in which he had handled his scythe the day before, andfelt twice the respect for him in consequence.
it must be confessedhe felt very stiff, but the best treatment for stiffness being thehomopathic one of more work, he had soon restored the elasticity ofhis muscles, and lubricated his aching joints.
his antagonist ofthe foregoing evening was nowhere to be seen; and the rest of theyoung men were shame-faced and respectful enough.
david, having learned from some of the spectators the facts of thecombat, suddenly, as they were walking home together, held out hishand to hugh, shook his hard, and said:"mr. sutherlan', i'm sair obleeged to ye for giein' that vratch,jamie ogg, a guid doonsettin'.
he's a coorse crater; but the warstmaun hae meat, an' sae i didna like to refeese him when he cam forwark.
but its a greater kin'ness to clout him nor to cleed him.
they say ye made an awfu' munsie o' him.
but it's to be houpithe'll live to thank ye.
there's some fowk 'at can respeck noairgument but frae steekit neives; an' it's fell cruel to haud itfrae them, gin ye hae't to gie them.
i hae had eneuch ado to haudmy ain han's aff o' the ted, but it comes a hantle better frae you,mr.
hugh wielded the scythe the whole of the harvest, and margaretgathered to him.
by the time it was over, leading-home and all, hemeasured an inch less about the waist, and two inches more about theshoulders; and was as brown as a berry, and as strong as an ox, or"owse," as david called it, when thus describing mr. sutherland'sprogress in corporal development; for he took a fatherly pride inthe youth, to whom, at the same time, he looked up with submission,as his master in learning.
affliction, when i know it, is but this--a deep alloy, whereby man tougher isto bear the hammer; and the deeper still,we still arise more image of his will.
sickness--an humorous cloud 'twist us and light;and death, at longest, but another night.
man is his own star; and that soul that canbe honest, is the only perfect man.
john fletcher.--upon an honest man's fortune.
had sutherland been in love with margaret, those would have beenhappy days; and that a yet more happy night, when, under the mysteryof a low moonlight and a gathering storm, the crop was cast in hasteinto the carts, and hurried home to be built up in safety; when astrange low wind crept sighing across the stubble, as if it camewandering out of the past and the land of dreams, lying far off andwithered in the green west; and when margaret and he came and wentin the moonlight like creatures in a dream--for the vapours of sleepwere floating in hugh's brain, although he was awake and working.
"margaret," he said, as they stood waiting a moment for the cartthat was coming up to be filled with sheaves, "what does that windput you in mind of?"
"ossian's poems," replied margaret, without a moment's hesitation.
hugh was struck by her answer.
he had meant something quitedifferent.
but it harmonized with his feeling about ossian; for thegenuineness of whose poetry, highlander as he was, he had no betterargument to give than the fact, that they produced in himself analtogether peculiar mental condition; that the spiritual sensationshe had in reading them were quite different from those produced byanything else, prose or verse; in fact, that they created moods oftheir own in his mind.
he was unwilling to believe, apart fromnational prejudices (which have not prevented the opinions on thisquestion from being as strong on the one side as on the other), thatthis individuality of influence could belong to mere affectations ofa style which had never sprung from the sources of real feeling.
"could they," he thought, "possess the power to move us likeremembered dreams of our childhood, if all that they possessed ofreality was a pretended imitation of what never existed, and allthat they inherited from the past was the halo of its strangeness?"
but hugh was not in love with margaret, though he could not helpfeeling the pleasure of her presence.
any youth must have been thebetter for having her near him; but there was nothing about herquiet, self-contained being, free from manifestation of any sort, torouse the feelings commonly called love, in the mind of aninexperienced youth like hugh sutherland.--i say commonly called,because i believe that within the whole sphere of intelligence thereare no two loves the same.--not that he was less easily influencedthan other youths.
a designing girl might have caught him at once,if she had had no other beauty than sparkling eyes; but thewomanhood of the beautiful margaret kept so still in its pearlycave, that it rarely met the glance of neighbouring eyes.
howmargaret regarded him i do not know; but i think it was with a lovealmost entirely one with reverence and gratitude.
cause forgratitude she certainly had, though less than she supposed; and verylittle cause indeed for reverence.
but how could she fail to revereone to whom even her father looked up?
of course david's feeling ofrespect for hugh must have sprung chiefly from intellectual grounds;and he could hardly help seeing, if he thought at all on thesubject, which is doubtful, that hugh was as far behind margaret inthe higher gifts and graces, as he was before her in intellectualacquirement.
but whether david perceived this or not, certainlymargaret did not even think in that direction.
she was pure ofself-judgment--conscious of no comparing of herself with others,least of all with those next her.
at length the harvest was finished; or, as the phrase of thedistrict was, clyack was gotten--a phrase with the derivation, oreven the exact meaning of which, i am unacquainted; knowing onlythat it implies something in close association with the feast ofharvest-home, called the kirn in other parts of scotland.
thereafter, the fields lay bare to the frosts of morning andevening, and to the wind that grew cooler and cooler with the breathof winter, who lay behind the northern hills, and waited for hishour.
but many lovely days remained, of quiet and slow decay, ofyellow and red leaves, of warm noons and lovely sunsets, followed byskies--green from the west horizon to the zenith, and walked by amoon that seemed to draw up to her all the white mists from pond andriver and pool, to settle again in hoar-frost, during the colderhours that precede the dawn.
at length every leafless tree sparkledin the morning sun, incrusted with fading gems; and the ground washard under foot; and the hedges were filled with frostedspider-webs; and winter had laid the tips of his fingers on theland, soon to cover it deep with the flickering snow-flakes, shakenfrom the folds of his outspread mantle.
but long ere this, davidand margaret had returned with renewed diligence, and powersstrengthened by repose, or at least by intermission, to their mentallabours, and hugh was as constant a visitor at the cottage asbefore.
the time, however, drew nigh when he must return to hisstudies at aberdeen; and david and margaret were looking forwardwith sorrow to the loss of their friend.
janet, too, "cudna bide tothink o't."
"he'll tak' the daylicht wi' him, i doot, my lass," she said, as shemade the porridge for breakfast one morning, and looked downanxiously at her daughter, seated on the creepie by the ingle-neuk.
"na, na, mither," replied margaret, looking up from her book; "he'lllea' sic gifts ahin' him as'll mak' daylicht i' the dark;" and thenshe bent her head and went on with her reading, as if she had notspoken.
the mother looked away with a sigh and a slight, sad shake of thehead.
but matters were to turn out quite different from all anticipations.
before the day arrived on which hugh must leave for the university,a letter from home informed him that his father was dangerously ill.he hastened to him, but only to comfort his last hours by all thata son could do, and to support his mother by his presence during thefirst hours of her loneliness.
but anxious thoughts for the future,which so often force themselves on the attention of those who wouldgladly prolong their brooding over the past, compelled them to adoptan alteration of their plans for the present.
the half-pay of major sutherland was gone, of course; and all thatremained for mrs. sutherland was a small annuity, secured by herhusband's payments to a certain fund for the use of officers'widows.
from this she could spare but a mere trifle for thecompletion of hugh's university-education; while the salary he hadreceived at turriepuffit, almost the whole of which he had saved,was so small as to be quite inadequate for the very moderate outlaynecessary.
he therefore came to the resolution to write to thelaird, and offer, if they were not yet provided with another tutor,to resume his relation to the young gentlemen for the winter.
itwas next to impossible to spend money there; and he judged thatbefore the following winter, he should be quite able to meet theexpenses of his residence at aberdeen, during the last session ofhis course.
he would have preferred trying to find anothersituation, had it not been that david and janet and margaret hadmade there a home for him.
whether mrs. glasford was altogether pleased at the proposal, icannot tell; but the laird wrote a very gentlemanlike epistle,condoling with him and his mother upon their loss, and urging theusual common-places of consolation.
the letter ended with a heartyacceptance of hugh's offer, and, strange to tell, the unsolicitedpromise of an increase of salary to the amount of five pounds.
thisis another to be added to the many proofs that verisimilitude is notin the least an essential element of verity.
he left his mother as soon as circumstances would permit, andreturned to turriepuffit; an abode for the winter very differentindeed from that in which he had expected to spend it.
he reached the place early in the afternoon; received from mrs.glasford a cold "i hope you're well, mr. sutherland;" found hispupils actually reading, and had from them a welcome ratherboisterously evidenced; told them to get their books; and sat downwith them at once to commence their winter labours.
he spent twohours thus; had a hearty shake of the hand from the laird, when hecame home; and, after a substantial tea, walked down to david'scottage, where a welcome awaited him worth returning for.
"come yer wa's butt," said janet, who met him as he opened the doorwithout any prefatory knock, and caught him with both hands; "i'mblithe to see yer bonny face ance mair.
we're a' jist at ane mairwi' expeckin' o' ye."
david stood in the middle of the floor, waiting for him.
"come awa', my bonny lad," was all his greeting, as he held out agreat fatherly hand to the youth, and, grasping his in the one,clapped him on the shoulder with the other, the water standing inhis blue eyes the while.
hugh thought of his own father, and couldnot restrain his tears.
margaret gave him a still look full in theface, and, seeing his emotion, did not even approach to offer himany welcome.
she hastened, instead, to place a chair for him as shehad done when first he entered the cottage, and when he had taken itsat down at his feet on her creepie.
with true delicacy, no onetook any notice of him for some time.
david said at last,"an' hoo's yer puir mother, mr.
"she's pretty well," was all hugh could answer.
"it's a sair stroke to bide," said david; "but it's a gran' thingwhan a man's won weel throw't.
whan my father deit, i min' weel, iwas sae prood to see him lyin' there, in the cauld grandeur o'deith, an' no man 'at daured say he ever did or spak the thing 'atdidna become him, 'at i jist gloried i' the mids o' my greetin'.
hewas but a puir auld shepherd, mr. sutherlan', wi' hair as white asthe sheep 'at followed him; an' i wat as they followed him, hefollowed the great shepherd; an' followed an' followed, till he jistfollowed him hame, whaur we're a' boun', an' some o' us far on theroad, thanks to him!"
and with that david rose, and got down the bible, and, opening itreverently, read with a solemn, slightly tremulous voice, thefourteenth chapter of st. john's gospel.
when he had finished, theyall rose, as by one accord, and knelt down, and david prayed:"o thou in whase sicht oor deeth is precious, an' no licht maitter;wha through darkness leads to licht, an' through deith to thegreater life!--we canna believe that thou wouldst gie us ony guidthing, to tak' the same again; for that would be but bairns' play.
we believe that thou taks, that thou may gie again the same thingbetter nor afore--mair o't and better nor we could ha' received ititherwise; jist as the lord took himsel' frae the sicht o' them 'atlo'ed him weel, that instead o' bein' veesible afore their een, hemicht hide himsel' in their verra herts.
come thou, an' abide inus, an' tak' us to bide in thee; an' syne gin we be a' in thee, wecanna be that far frae ane anither, though some sud be in haven, an'some upo' earth.
lord help us to do oor wark like thy men an'maidens doon the stair, remin'in' oursel's, 'at them 'at we miss haeonly gane up the stair, as gin 'twar to haud things to thy han' i'thy ain presence-chamber, whaur we houp to be called or lang, an' tosee thee an' thy son, wham we lo'e aboon a'; an' in his name we say,amen!"
hugh rose from his knees with a sense of solemnity and reality thathe had never felt before.
little was said that evening; supper waseaten, if not in silence, yet with nothing that could be calledconversation.
and, almost in silence, david walked home with hugh.
the spirit of his father seemed to walk beside him.
he felt as ifhe had been buried with him; and had found that the sepulchre wasclothed with green things and roofed with stars--was in truth theheavens and the earth in which his soul walked abroad.
if hugh looked a little more into his bible, and tried a little moreto understand it, after his father's death, it is not to be wonderedat.
it is but another instance of the fact that, whether fromeducation or from the leading of some higher instinct, we are ready,in every more profound trouble, to feel as if a solution or a refugelay somewhere--lay in sounds of wisdom, perhaps, to be sought andfound in the best of books, the deepest of all the mysterioustreasuries of words.
but david never sought to influence hugh tothis end.
he read the bible in his family, but he never urged thereading of it on others.
sometimes he seemed rather to avoid thesubject of religion altogether; and yet it was upon those veryoccasions that, if he once began to speak, he would pour out, beforehe ceased, some of his most impassioned utterances.
knowledge bloweth up, but charity buildeth up.
lord bacon's rendering of 1 cor.
i.things went on as usual for a few days, when hugh began to encountera source of suffering of a very material and unromantic kind, butwhich, nevertheless, had been able before now, namely, at thecommencement of his tutorship, to cause him a very sufficient degreeof distress.
it was this; that he had no room in which he couldpursue his studies in private, without having to endure a mostundesirable degree of cold.
in summer this was a matter of littlemoment, for the universe might then be his secret chamber; but in ascotch spring or autumn, not to say winter, a bedroom without afire-place, which, strange to say, was the condition of his, was nota study in which thought could operate to much satisfactory result.
indeed, pain is a far less hurtful enemy to thinking than cold.
and to have to fight such suffering and its benumbing influences,as well as to follow out a train of reasoning, difficult at anytime, and requiring close attention--is too much for any machinewhose thinking wheels are driven by nervous gear.
sometimes--for hemust make the attempt--he came down to his meals quite blue withcold, as his pupils remarked to their mother; but their observationnever seemed to suggest to her mind the necessity of making somebetter provision for the poor tutor.
and hugh, after the way inwhich she had behaved to him, was far too proud to ask her a favour,even if he had had hopes of receiving his request.
he knew, too,that, in the house, the laird, to interfere in the smallest degree,must imperil far more than he dared.
the prospect, therefore, ofthe coming winter, in a country where there was scarcely anyafternoon, and where the snow might lie feet deep for weeks, was notat all agreeable.
he had, as i have said, begun to suffer already,for the mornings and evenings were cold enough now, although it wasa bright, dry october.
one evening janet remarked that he hadcaught cold, for he was 'hostin' sair;' and this led hugh to statethe discomfort he was condemned to experience up at the ha' house.
"weel," said david, after some silent deliberation, "that sattles't;we maun set aboot it immedantly."
of course hugh was quite at a loss to understand what he meant, andbegged him to explain.
"ye see," replied david, "we hae verra little hoose-room i' this bitcot; for, excep this kitchen, we hae but the ben whaur janet and mesleeps; and sae last year i spak' to the laird to lat me hae muckletimmer as i wad need to big a kin' o' a lean-to to the house ahin',so 'at we micht hae a kin' o' a bit parlour like, or rather a roomie'at ony o' us micht retire till for a bit, gin we wanted to be oorlanes.
he had nae objections, honest man.
but somehoo or ither inever sat han' till't; but noo the wa's maun be up afore the watweather sets in.
sae i'se be at it the morn, an' maybe ye'll len'me a han', mr. sutherlan', and tak' oot yer wages in house-room an'firin' efter it's dune."
"thank you heartily!"
said hugh; "that would be delightful.
it seemstoo good to be possible.
but will not wooden walls be rather a poorprotection against such winters as i suppose you have in theseparts?"
"hootoot, mr. sutherlan', ye micht gie me credit for raither mairrumgumption nor that comes till.
timmer was the only thing i not(needed) to spier for; the lave lies to ony body's han'--a fewcart-fu's o' sods frae the hill ahint the hoose, an' a han'fu' ortwa o' stanes for the chimla oot o' the quarry--there's eneuch therefor oor turn ohn blastit mair; an' we'll saw the wood oorsels; an'gin we had ance the wa's up, we can carry on the inside at oorleisur'.
that's the way 'at the maker does wi' oorsels; he gie's usthe wa's an' the material, an' a whole lifetime, maybe mair, tofurnish the house."
"i'll work like a horse, and we'll be atit the morn."
"i'se be at it afore daylicht, an' ane or twa o' the lads'll len' mea han' efter wark-hours; and there's yersel', mr. sutherlan', worthane an' a half o' ordinary workers; an' we'll hae truff aneuch forthe wa's in a jiffey.
i'll mark a feow saplin's i' the wud here atdenner-time, an' we'll hae them for bauks, an' couples, an' things;an' there's plenty dry eneuch for beurds i' the shed, an' bein' buta lean-to, there'll be but half wark, ye ken."
they went out directly, in the moonlight, to choose the spot; andsoon came to the resolution to build it so, that a certain backdoor, which added more to the cold in winter than to the conveniencein summer, should be the entrance to the new chamber.
the chimneywas the chief difficulty; but all the materials being in theimmediate neighbourhood, and david capable of turning his hands toanything, no obstruction was feared.
indeed, he set about that partfirst, as was necessary; and had soon built a small chimney, chieflyof stones and lime; while, under his directions, the walls weremaking progress at the same time, by the labour of hugh and two orthree of the young men from the farm, who were most ready to obligedavid with their help, although they were still rather unfriendly tothe colliginer, as they called him.
but hugh's frankness soon wonthem over, and they all formed within a day or two a verycomfortable party of labourers.
they worked very hard; for if therain should set in before the roof was on, their labour would bealmost lost from the soaking of the walls.
they built them of turf,very thick, with a slight slope on the outside towards the roof;before commencing which, they partially cut the windows out of thewalls, putting wood across to support the top.
i should haveexplained that the turf used in building was the upper and coarserpart of the peat, which was plentiful in the neighbourhood.
thethatch-eaves of the cottage itself projected over the joining of thenew roof, so as to protect it from the drip; and david soon put athick thatch of new straw upon the little building.
second-handwindows were procured at the village, and the holes in the walls cutto their size.
they next proceeded to the saw-pit on theestate--for almost everything necessary for keeping up the officeswas done on the farm itself--where they sawed thin planks of deal,to floor and line the room, and make it more cosie.
these davidplaned upon one side; and when they were nailed against slight postsall round the walls, and the joints filled in with putty, the roombegan to look most enticingly habitable.
the roof had not beenthatched two days before the rain set in; but now they could workquite comfortably inside; and as the space was small, and theforenights were long, they had it quite finished before the end ofnovember.
david bought an old table in the village, and one or twochairs; mended them up; made a kind of rustic sofa or settle; put afew bookshelves against the wall; had a peat fire lighted on thehearth every day; and at length, one saturday evening, they hadsupper in the room, and the place was consecrated henceforth tofriendship and learning.
from this time, every evening, as soon aslessons, and the meal which immediately followed them, were over,hugh betook himself to the cottage, on the shelves of which all hisbooks by degrees collected themselves; and there spent the wholelong evening, generally till ten o'clock; the first part alonereading or writing; the last in company with his pupils, who,diligent as ever, now of course made more rapid progress thanbefore, inasmuch as the lessons were both longer and more frequent.
the only drawback to their comfort was, that they seemed to haveshut janet out; but she soon remedied this, by contriving to getthrough with her house work earlier than she had ever done before;and, taking her place on the settle behind them, knitted awaydiligently at her stocking, which, to inexperienced eyes, seemedalways the same, and always in the same state of progress,notwithstanding that she provided the hose of the whole family, blueand grey, ribbed and plain.
her occasional withdrawings, to observethe progress of the supper, were only a cheerful break in thecontinuity of labour.
little would the passer-by imagine thatbeneath that roof, which seemed worthy only of the name of a shed,there sat, in a snug little homely room, such a youth as hugh, sucha girl as margaret, such a grand peasant king as david, and such atrue-hearted mother to them all as janet.
there were no picturesand no music; for margaret kept her songs for solitary places; butthe sound of verse was often the living wind which set a-waving thetops of the trees of knowledge, fast growing in the sunlight oftruth.
the thatch of that shed-roof was like the grizzled hair ofdavid, beneath which lay the temple not only of holy but of wise andpoetic thought.
it was like the sylvan abode of the gods, where thearchitecture and music are all of their own making, in their kindthe more beautiful, the more simple and rude; and if more doubtfulin their intent, and less precise in their finish, yet therein thefuller of life and its grace, and the more suggestive of deeperharmonies.
and like his father of face and of stature,and false of love--it came him of nature;as doth the fox renard, the fox's son;of kinde, he coud his old father's wone,without lore, as can a drake swim,when it is caught, and carried to the brim.
chaucer.--legend of phillis.
of course, the yet more lengthened absences of hugh from the housewere subjects of remark as at the first; but hugh had made up hismind not to trouble himself the least about that.
for some timemrs. glasford took no notice of them to himself; but one evening,just as tea was finished, and hugh was rising to go, her restraintgave way, and she uttered one spiteful speech, thinking it, nodoubt, so witty that it ought to see the light.
"ye're a day-labourer it seems, mr. sutherlan', and gang hame atnight."
"exactly so, madam," rejoined hugh.
"there is no other relationbetween you and me, than that of work and wages.
you have done yourbest to convince me of that, by making it impossible for me to feelthat this house is in any sense my home."
with this grand speech he left the room, and from that time till theday of his final departure from turriepuffit, there was not a singleallusion made to the subject.
he soon reached the cottage.
when he entered the new room, whichwas always called mr. sutherland's study, the mute welcome affordedhim by the signs of expectation, in the glow of the waiting fire,and the outspread arms of the elbow-chair, which was now called his,as well as the room, made ample amends to him for the unfriendlinessof mrs. glasford.
going to the shelves to find the books he wanted,he saw that they had been carefully arranged on one shelf, and thatthe others were occupied with books belonging to the house.
helooked at a few of them.
they were almost all old books, and suchas may be found in many scotch cottages; for instance, boston'sfourfold state, in which the ways of god and man may be seen througha fourfold fog; erskine's divine sonnets, which will repay thereader in laughter for the pain it costs his reverence, producingmuch the same effect that a gothic cathedral might, reproduced bythe pencil and from the remembrance of a chinese artist, who hadseen it once; drelincourt on death, with the famous ghost-hoax of defoe, to help the bookseller to the sale of the unsaleable; the scotsworthies, opening of itself at the memoir of mr. alexander peden;the pilgrim's progress, that wonderful inspiration, failing neversave when the theologian would sometimes snatch the pen from thehand of the poet; theron and aspasio; village dialogues; and othersof a like class.
to these must be added a rare edition of blindharry.
it was clear to hugh, unable as he was fully to appreciatethe wisdom of david, that it was not from such books as these thathe had gathered it; yet such books as these formed all his store.
he turned from them, found his own, and sat down to read.
by andby david came in.
"i'm ower sune, i doubt, mr. sutherlan'.
i'm disturbin' ye."
"not at all," answered hugh.
"besides, i am not much in a readingmood this evening: mrs. glasford has been annoying me again."
what's she been sayin' noo?"
thinking to amuse david, hugh recounted the short passage betweenthem recorded above.
david, however, listened with a very differentexpression of countenance from what hugh had anticipated; and, whenhe had finished, took up the conversation in a kind of apologetictone.
"weel, but ye see," said he, folding his palms together, "she hasna'jist had a'thegither fair play.
she does na come o' a guid breed.
man, it's a fine thing to come o' a guid breed.
they hae a hantleto answer for 'at come o' decent forbears."
"i thought she brought the laird a good property," said hugh, notquite understanding david.
"ow, ay, she brocht him gowpenfu's o' siller; but hoo was't gotten?
an' ye ken it's no riches 'at 'ill mak' a guid breed--'cep' it beo' maggots.
the richer cheese the mair maggots, ye ken.
ye maunnaspeyk o' this; but the mistress's father was weel kent to hae madehis siller by fardins and bawbees, in creepin', crafty ways.
he wasa bit merchan' in aberdeen, an' aye keepit his thoom weel ahint thepeint o' the ellwan', sae 'at he made an inch or twa upo' ilka yardhe sauld.
sae he took frae his soul, and pat intill his siller-bag,an' had little to gie his dochter but a guid tocher.
mr.sutherlan', it's a fine thing to come o' dacent fowk.
noo, to luikat yersel': i ken naething aboot yer family; but ye seem at eesichtto come o' a guid breed for the bodily part o' ye.
that's a sma'matter; but frae what i ha'e seen--an' i trust in god i'm no'mista'en--ye come o' the richt breed for the min' as weel.
i'm noflatterin' ye, mr. sutherlan'; but jist layin' it upo' ye, 'at ginye had an honest father and gran'father, an' especially a guidmither, ye hae a heap to answer for; an' ye ought never to be hardupo' them 'at's sma' creepin' creatures, for they canna help it saeweel as the like o' you and me can."
david was not given to boasting.
hugh had never heard anythingsuggesting it from his lips before.
he turned full round and lookedat him.
on his face lay a solemn quiet, either from a feeling ofhis own responsibility, or a sense of the excuse that must be madefor others.
what he had said about the signs of breed in hugh'sexterior, certainly applied to himself as well.
his carriage wasfull of dignity, and a certain rustic refinement; his voice waswonderfully gentle, but deep; and slowest when most impassioned.
heseemed to have come of some gigantic antediluvian breed: there wassomething of the titan slumbering about him.
he would have been astern man, but for an unusual amount of reverence that seemed tooverflood the sternness, and change it into strong love.
no one hadever seen him thoroughly angry; his simple displeasure with any ofthe labourers, the quality of whose work was deficient, would gofurther than the laird's oaths.
hugh sat looking at david, who supported the look with that perfectcalmness that comes of unconscious simplicity.
at length hugh's eyesank before david's, as he said:"i wish i had known your father, then, david."
"my father was sic a ane as i tauld ye the ither day, mr.sutherlan'.
i'm a' richt there.
a puir, semple, god-fearin'shepherd, 'at never gae his dog an ill-deserved word, nor took theskin o' ony puir lammie, wha's woo' he was clippin', atween theshears.
he was weel worthy o' the grave 'at he wan till at last.
an' my mither was jist sic like, wi' aiblins raither mair heid normy father.
they're her beuks maistly upo' the skelf there abune yerain, mr. sutherlan'.
i honour them for her sake, though i seldomtrouble them mysel'.
she gae me a kin' o' a scunner at them, honestwoman, wi' garrin' me read at them o' sundays, till they nearscomfisht a' the guid 'at was in me by nater.
there's doctrine forye, mr.
added david, with a queer laugh.
"i thought they could hardly be your books," said hugh.
"but i hae ae odd beuk, an' that brings me upo' my pedigree, mr.sutherlan'; for the puirest man has as lang a pedigree as thegreatest, only he kens less aboot it, that's a'.
an' i wat, for yerlords and ladies, it's no a' to their credit 'at's tauld o' theirhither-come; an' that's a' against the breed, ye ken.
a wilfu' sinin the father may be a sinfu' weakness i' the son; an' that's what ica' no fair play."
so saying, david went to his bedroom, whence he returned with a veryold-looking book, which he laid on the table before hugh.
he openedit, and saw that it was a volume of jacob bhmen, in the originallanguage.
he found out afterwards, upon further inquiry, that itwas in fact a copy of the first edition of his first work, theaurora, printed in 1612.  on the title-page was written a name,either in german or old english character, he was not sure which;but he was able to read it--martin elginbrodde.
david, having givenhim time to see all this, went on:"that buik has been in oor family far langer nor i ken.
i neednasay i canna read a word o't, nor i never heard o' ane 'at could.
but i canna help tellin' ye a curious thing, mr. sutherlan', inconnexion wi' the name on that buik: there's a gravestane, a verraauld ane--hoo auld i canna weel mak' out, though i gaed ends-errandto aberdeen to see't--an' the name upo' that gravestane is martinelginbrod, but made mention o' in a strange fashion; an' i'm no surea'thegither aboot hoo ye'll tak' it, for it soun's rather fearsomeat first hearin' o't.
but ye'se hae't as i read it:     "'here lie i, martin elginbrodde:      hae mercy o' my soul, lord god;      as i wad do, were i lord god,      and ye were martin elginbrodde.'"
certainly hugh could not help a slight shudder at what seemed to himthe irreverence of the epitaph, if indeed it was not deserving of aworse epithet.
but he made no remark; and, after a moment's pause,david resumed:"i was unco ill-pleased wi't at the first, as ye may suppose, mr.sutherlan'; but, after a while, i begude (began) an' gaed throughtwa or three bits o' reasonin's aboot it, in this way: by the natur'o't, this maun be the man's ain makin', this epitaph; for no itherbody cud ha' dune't; and he had left it in's will to be pitten upo'the deid-stane, nae doot: i' the contemplation o' deith, a man wadno be lik'ly to desire the perpetuation o' a blasphemy upo' a tableo' stone, to stan' against him for centuries i' the face o' god an'man: therefore it cudna ha' borne the luik to him o' thepresumptuous word o' a proud man evenin' himsel' wi' the almichty.
sae what was't, then, 'at made him mak' it?
it seems to me--thoughi confess, mr. sutherlan', i may be led astray by the nateral desire'at a man has to think weel o' his ain forbears--for 'at he was aforbear o' my ain, i canna weel doot, the name bein' by no means acommon ane, in scotland ony way--i'm sayin', it seems to me, thatit's jist a darin' way, maybe a childlike way, o' judgin', as jobmicht ha' dune, 'the lord by himsel';' an' sayin', 'at gin he,martin elginbrod, wad hae mercy, surely the lord was not lessmercifu' than he was.
the offspring o' the most high was, as itwere, aware o' the same spirit i' the father o' him, as muved inhimsel'.
he felt 'at the mercy in himsel' was ane o' the bestthings; an' he cudna think 'at there wad be less o't i' the fathero' lichts, frae whom cometh ilka guid an' perfeck gift.
an' may behe remembered 'at the saviour himsel' said: 'be ye perfect as yourfather in heaven is perfect;' and that the perfection o' god, as hehad jist pinted oot afore, consisted in causin' his bonny sun toshine on the evil an' the good, an' his caller rain to fa' upo' thejust an' the unjust."
it may well be doubted whether david's interpretation of the epitaphwas the correct one.
it will appear to most of my readers tobreathe rather of doubt lighted up by hope, than of that strongfaith which david read in it.
but whether from family partiality,and consequent unwillingness to believe that his ancestor had been aman who, having led a wild, erring, and evil life, turned at lasttowards the mercy of god as his only hope, which the words mightimply; or simply that he saw this meaning to be the best; this wasthe interpretation which david had adopted.
"but," interposed hugh, "supposing he thought all that, why shouldhe therefore have it carved on his tombstone?"
"i hae thocht aboot that too," answered david.
"for ae thing, a bodyhas but feow ways o' sayin' his say to his brithermen.
robbie burnscud do't in sang efter sang; but maybe this epitaph was a' that auldmartin was able to mak'.
he michtna hae had the gift o' utterance.
but there may be mair in't nor that.
gin the clergy o' thae timeswarna a gey hantle mair enlichtened nor a fowth o' the clergyhereabouts, he wad hae heard a heap aboot the glory o' god, as thething 'at god himsel' was maist anxious aboot uphaudin', jist like aprood creater o' a king; an' that he wad mak' men, an' feed them,an' cleed them, an' gie them braw wives an' toddlin' bairnies, an'syne damn them, a' for's ain glory.
maybe ye wadna get mony o' them'at wad speyk sae fair-oot noo-a-days, for they gang wi' the tidejist like the lave; but i' my auld minny's buiks, i hae read jilt asmuckle as that, an' waur too.
mony ane 'at spak like that, had naedoot a guid meanin' in't; but, hech man!
it's an awesome deevilichway o' sayin' a holy thing.
noo, what better could puir auld martindo, seein' he had no ae word to say i' the kirk a' his lifelang, norjist say his ae word, as pithily as might be, i' the kirkyard, efterhe was deid; an' ower an' ower again, wi' a tongue o' stane, letthem tak' it or lat it alane 'at likit?
that's a' my defence o' myauld luckie-daddy--heaven rest his brave auld soul!"
"but are we not in danger," said hugh, "of thinking too lightly andfamiliarly of the maker, when we proceed to judge him so byourselves?"
"mr. sutherlan'," replied david, very solemnly, "i dinna thenk i canbe in muckle danger o' lichtlyin' him, whan i ken in my ain sel', asweel as she 'at was healed o' her plague, 'at i wad be a horse i'that pleuch, or a pig in that stye, not merely if it was hiswill--for wha can stan' against that--but if it was for his glory;ay, an' comfort mysel', a' the time the change was passin' upo' me,wi' the thocht that, efter an' a', his blessed han's made the pigstoo."
"but, a moment ago, david, you seemed to me to be making ratherlittle of his glory."
"o' his glory, as they consider glory--ay; efter a warldly fashionthat's no better nor pride, an' in him would only be a greaterpride.
but his glory!
consistin' in his trowth an'lovin'kindness--(man!
that's a bonny word)--an' grandself-forgettin' devotion to his creaters--lord!
i care little for his glory either, gin by that yemean the praise o' men.
a heap o' the anxiety for the spread o' hisglory, seems to me to be but a desire for the sempathy o' itherfowk.
there's no fear but men 'll praise him, a' in guid time--thatis, whan they can.
but, mr. sutherlan', for the glory o' god,raither than, if it were possible, one jot or one tittle should failof his entire perfection of holy beauty, i call god to witness, iwould gladly go to hell itsel'; for no evil worth the full name canbefall the earth or ony creater in't, as long as god is what he is.
for the glory o' god, mr. sutherlan', i wad die the deith.
for thewill o' god, i'm ready for onything he likes.
i canna surely be inmuckle danger o' lichtlyin' him.
i glory in my god."
the almost passionate earnestness with which david spoke, wouldalone have made it impossible for hugh to reply at once.
after afew moments, however, he ventured to ask the question:"would you do nothing that other people should know god, then,david?"
"onything 'at he likes.
but i would tak' tent o' interferin'.
he'sat it himsel' frae mornin' to nicht, frae year's en' to year's en'."
"but you seem to me to make out that god is nothing but love!"
"ay, naething but love.
what for no?"
"because we are told he is just."
"would he be lang just if he didna lo'e us?"
"but does he not punish sin?"
"would it be ony kin'ness no to punish sin?
no to us a' means topit awa' the ae ill thing frae us?
whatever may be meant by theplace o' meesery, depen' upo't, mr. sutherlan', it's only anitherform o' love, love shinin' through the fogs o' ill, an' sae gartleuk something verra different thereby.
man, raither nor see mymaggy--an' ye'll no doot 'at i lo'e her--raither nor see my maggy doan ill thing, i'd see her lyin' deid at my feet.
but supposin' theill thing ance dune, it's no at my feet i wad lay her, but upo' myheart, wi' my auld arms aboot her, to hand the further ill aff o'her.
an' shall mortal man be more just than god?
shall a man bemore pure than his maker?
o my god!
the entrance of margaret would have prevented the prosecution ofthis conversation, even if it had not already drawn to a naturalclose.
not that david would not have talked thus before hisdaughter, but simply that minds, like instruments, need to bebrought up to the same pitch, before they can "atone together," andthat one feels this instinctively on the entrance of another who hasnot gone through the same immediate process of gradual elevation oftone.
their books and slates were got out, and they sat down to theirwork; but hugh could not help observing that david, in the midst ofhis lines and angles and algebraic computations, would, every nowand then, glance up at margaret, with a look of tenderness in hisface yet deeper and more delicate in its expression than ordinary.
margaret was, however, quite unconscious of it, pursuing her workwith her ordinary even diligence.
but janet observed it.
"what ails the bairn, dawvid, 'at ye leuk at her that get?
"naething ails her, woman.
do ye never leuk at a body but whensomething ails them?"
"ow, ay--but no that get."
"weel, maybe i was thinkin' hoo i wad leuk at her gin onything didail her."
dinna further the ill hither by makin' a biendoonsittin' an' a bed for't."
all david's answer to this was one of his own smiles.
at supper, for it happened to be saturday, hugh said:"i've been busy, between whiles, inventing, or perhaps discovering,an etymological pedigree for you, david!"
"weel, lat's hear't," said david.
"first--do you know that that volume with your ancestor's name onit, was written by an old german shoemaker, perhaps only a cobbler,for anything i know?"
"i know nothing aboot it, more or less," answered david.
"he was a wonderful man.
some people think he was almost inspired."
"maybe, maybe," was all david's doubtful response.
"at all events, though i know nothing about it myself, he must havewritten wonderfully for a cobbler."
"for my pairt," replied david, "if i see no wonder in the man, i cansee but little in the cobbler.
what for shouldna a cobbler writewonnerfully, as weel as anither?
it's a trade 'at furthersmeditation.
my grandfather was a cobbler, as ye ca't; an' they sayhe was no fule in his ain way either."
"then it does go in the family!"
cried hugh, triumphantly.
"i was in doubt at first whether your name referred to the breadthof your shoulders, david, as transmitted from some ancient sire,whose back was an ellwand-broad; for the g might come from a w or v,for anything i know to the contrary.
but it would have been braidin that case.
and, now, i am quite convinced that that martin orhis father was a german, a friend of old jacob bhmen, who gave himthe book himself, and was besides of the same craft; and he comingto this country with a name hard to be pronounced, they found aresemblance in the sound of it to his occupation; and so graduallycorrupted his name, to them uncouth, into elsynbrod, elshinbrod,thence elginbrod, with a soft g, and lastly elginbrod, as youpronounce it now, with a hard g.  this name, turned from scotch intoenglish, would then be simply martin awlbore.
the cobbler is in thefamily, david, descended from jacob bhmen himself, by the mother'sside."
this heraldic blazon amused them all very much, and david expressedhis entire concurrence with it, declaring it to be incontrovertible.
margaret laughed heartily.
besides its own beauty, two things made margaret's laugh of someconsequence; one was, that it was very rare; and the other, that itrevealed her two regular rows of dainty white teeth, suiting well tothe whole build of the maiden.
she was graceful and rather tall,with a head which, but for its smallness, might have seemed tooheavy for the neck that supported it, so ready it always was todroop like a snowdrop.
the only parts about her which hughdisliked, were her hands and feet.
the former certainly had beenreddened and roughened by household work: but they were well formednotwithstanding.
the latter he had never seen, notwithstanding thebare-foot habits of scotch maidens; for he saw margaret rarelyexcept in the evenings, and then she was dressed to receive him.
certainly, however, they were very far from following the shape ofthe clumsy country shoes, by which he misjudged their proportions.
had he seen them, as he might have seen them some part of any dayduring the summer, their form at least would have satisfied him.
out of whose womb came the ice?
and the hoary frost of heaven, whohath gendered it?
the waters are hid as with a stone, and the faceof the deep is frozen.
he giveth snow like wool; he scattereth the hoar frost like ashes.
29, 30; psalm cxlvii.
16.winter was fairly come at last.
a black frost had bound the earthfor many days; and at length a peculiar sensation, almost a smell ofsnow in the air, indicated an approaching storm.
the snow fell atfirst in a few large unwilling flakes, that fluttered slowly andheavily to the earth, where they lay like the foundation of thesuperstructure that was about to follow.
faster and faster theyfell--wonderful multitudes of delicate crystals, adhering in shapesof beauty which outvied all that jeweller could invent or execute ofethereal, starry forms, structures of evanescent yet prodigalloveliness--till the whole air was obscured by them, and night cameon, hastened by an hour, from the gathering of their white darkness.
in the morning, all the landscape was transfigured.
the snow hadceased to fall; but the whole earth, houses, fields, and fences,ponds and streams, were changed to whiteness.
but most wonderfullooked the trees--every bough and every twig thickened, and bentearthward with its own individual load of the fairy ghost-birds.
each retained the semblance of its own form, wonderfully, magicallyaltered by its thick garment of radiant whiteness, shininggloriously in the sunlight.
it was the shroud of dead nature; but ashroud that seemed to prefigure a lovely resurrection; for the verydeath-robe was unspeakably, witchingly beautiful.
again at nightthe snow fell; and again and again, with intervening days of brightsunshine.
every morning, the first fresh footprints were a newwonder to the living creatures, the young-hearted amongst them atleast, who lived and moved in this death-world, this sepulchralplanet, buried in the shining air before the eyes of itssister-stars in the blue, deathless heavens.
paths had to becleared in every direction towards the out-houses, and again clearedevery morning; till at last the walls of solid rain stood higherthan the head of little johnnie, as he was still called, though hewas twelve years old.
it was a great delight to him to wanderthrough the snow-avenues in every direction; and great fun it was,both to him and his brother, when they were tired of snowballingeach other and every living thing about the place except theirparents and tutor, to hollow out mysterious caves and vaultedpassages.
sometimes they would carry these passages on from onepath to within an inch or two of another, and there lie in wait tillsome passer-by, unweeting of harm, was just opposite their lurkingcave; when they would dash through the solid wall of snow with ahideous yell, almost endangering the wits of the maids, and causinga recoil and startled ejaculation even of the strong man on whomthey chanced to try their powers of alarm.
hugh himself was onceglad to cover the confusion of his own fright with the hearty fit oflaughter into which the perturbation of the boys, upon discoveringwhom they had startled, threw him.
it was rare fun to them; but notto the women about the house, who moved from place to place in astate of chronic alarm, scared by the fear of being scared; till oneof them going into hysterics, real or pretended, it was foundnecessary to put a stop to the practice; not, however, beforemargaret had had her share of the jest.
hugh happened to be lookingout of his window at the moment--watching her, indeed, as she passedtowards the kitchen with some message from her mother; when anindescribable monster, a chaotic mass of legs and snow, burst, as ifout of the earth, upon her.
she turned pale as the snow around her(and hugh had never observed before how dark her eyes were), as shesprang back with the grace of a startled deer.
she uttered no cry,however, perceiving in a moment who it was, gave a troubled littlesmile, and passed on her way as if nothing had happened.
hugh wasnot sorry when maternal orders were issued against the practicaljoke.
the boys did not respect their mother very much, but theydared not disobey her, when she spoke in a certain tone.
there was no pathway cut to david's cottage; and no track trodden,except what david, coming to the house sometimes, and hugh goingevery afternoon to the cottage, made between them.
hugh often wentto the knees in snow, but was well dried and warmed by janet's carewhen he arrived.
she had always a pair of stockings and slippersready for him at the fire, to be put on the moment of his arrival;and exchanged again for his own, dry and warm, before he footed oncemore the ghostly waste.
when neither moon was up nor stars wereout, there was a strange eerie glimmer from the snow that lightedthe way home; and he thought there must be more light from it thancould be accounted for merely by the reflection of every particle oflight that might fall upon it from other sources.
margaret was not kept to the house by the snow, even when it wasfalling.
she went out as usual--not of course wandering far, forwalking was difficult now.
but she was in little danger of losingher way, for she knew the country as well as any one; and althoughits face was greatly altered by the filling up of its features, andthe uniformity of the colour, yet those features were discernible toher experienced eye through the sheet that covered them.
it wasonly necessary to walk on the tops of dykes, and other elevatedridges, to keep clear of the deep snow.
there were many paths between the cottages and the farms in theneighbourhood, in which she could walk with comparative ease andcomfort.
but she preferred wandering away through the fields andtoward the hills.
sometimes she would come home like a creature ofthe snow, born of it, and living in it; so covered was she from headto foot with its flakes.
david used to smile at her with peculiarcomplacency on such occasions.
it was evident that it pleased himshe should be the playmate of nature.
janet was not altogetherindulgent to these freaks, as she considered them, of marget--shehad quite given up calling her meg, "sin' she took to the beuk soeident."
but whatever her mother might think of it, margaret was inthis way laying up a store not only of bodily and mental health, butof resources for thought and feeling, of secret understandings andcommunions with nature, and everything simple, and strong, and purethrough nature, than which she could have accumulated nothing moreprecious.
this kind of weather continued for some time, till the peopledeclared they had never known a storm last so long "ohn everdevallt," that is, without intermission.
but the frost grew harder;and then the snow, instead of falling in large adhesive flakes, fellin small dry flakes, of which the boys could make no snaw-ba's.
allthe time, however, there was no wind; and this not being a sheepcountry, there was little uneasiness or suffering occasioned by theseverity of the weather, beyond what must befall the poorer classesin every northern country during the winter.
one day, david heard that a poor old man of his acquaintance wasdying, and immediately set out to visit him, at a distance of two orthree miles.
he returned in the evening, only in time for hisstudies; for there was of course little or nothing to be done atpresent in the way of labour.
as he sat down to the table, he said:"i hae seen a wonnerfu' sicht sin' i saw you, mr. sutherlan'.
igaed to see an auld christian, whase body an' brain are nigh wornoot.
he was never onything remarkable for intellec, and jist tookwhat the minister tellt him for true, an' keepit the guid o't; forhis hert was aye richt, an' his faith a hantle stronger than maybeit had ony richt to be, accordin' to his ain opingans; but, hech!
there's something far better nor his opingans i' the hert o' ilkagod-fearin' body.
whan i gaed butt the hoose, he was sittin' in'sauld arm-chair by the side o' the fire, an' his face luikit dazedlike.
there was no licht in't but what cam' noo an' than frae a lowi' the fire.
the snaw was driftin' a wee aboot the bit winnock, an'his auld een was fixed upo't; an' a' 'at he said, takin' no noticeo' me, was jist, 'the birdies is flutterin'; the birdies isflutterin'.'
i spak' till him, an' tried to roose him, wi' ae thingafter anither, bit i micht as weel hae spoken to the door-cheek, fora' the notice that he took.
never a word he spak', but aye 'thebirdies is flutterin'.'
at last, it cam' to my min' 'at the bodywas aye fu' o' ane o' the psalms in particler; an' sae i jist saidtill him at last: 'john, hae ye forgotten the twenty-third psalm?'
'forgotten the twenty-third psalm!'
quo' he; an' his face lighted upin a moment frae the inside: 'the lord's my shepherd,--an' i haefollowed him through a' the smorin' drift o' the warl', an' he'llbring me to the green pastures an' the still waters o' hissummer-kingdom at the lang last.
i shall not want.
an' i haewanted for naething, naething.'
he had been a shepherd himsel' in'syoung days.
and so on he gaed, wi' a kin' o' a personal commentaryon the haill psalm frae beginnin' to en', and syne he jist fell backinto the auld croonin' sang, 'the birdies is flutterin'; the birdiesis flutterin'.'
the licht deed oot o' his face, an' a' that i couldsay could na' bring back the licht to his face, nor the sense to histongue.
he'll sune be in a better warl'.
sae i was jist forced toleave him.
but i promised his dochter, puir body, that i would ca'again an' see him the morn's afternoon.
it's unco dowie wark forher; for they hae scarce a neebor within reach o' them, in case o' achange; an' there had hardly been a creatur' inside o' their doorfor a week."
the following afternoon, david set out according to his promise.
before his return, the wind, which had been threatening to wake allday, had risen rapidly, and now blew a snowstorm of its own.
whenhugh opened the door to take his usual walk to the cottage, just asdarkness was beginning to fall, the sight he saw made his youngstrong heart dance with delight.
the snow that fell made but asmall part of the wild, confused turmoil and uproar of the ten-foldstorm.
for the wind, raving over the surface of the snow, which, asi have already explained, lay nearly as loose as dry sand, swept itin thick fierce clouds along with it, tearing it up and casting itdown again no one could tell where--for the whole air was filledwith drift, as they call the snow when thus driven.
a few hours ofthis would alter the face of the whole country, leaving some partsbare, and others buried beneath heaps on heaps of snow, called heresnaw-wreaths.
for the word snow-wreaths does not mean the lovelygarlands hung upon every tree and bush in its feathery fall; butawful mounds of drifted snow, that may be the smooth, soft, whitesepulchres of dead men, smothered in the lapping folds of the almostsolid wind.
path or way was none before him.
he could see nothingbut the surface of a sea of froth and foam, as it appeared to him,with the spray torn from it, whirled in all shapes and contortions,and driven in every direction; but chiefly, in the main direction ofthe wind, in long sloping spires of misty whiteness, swift asarrows, and as keen upon the face of him who dared to oppose them.
hugh plunged into it with a wild sense of life and joy.
in thecourse of his short walk, however, if walk it could be called, whichwas one chain of plungings and emergings, struggles with the snow,and wrestles with the wind, he felt that it needed not a stout heartonly, but sound lungs and strong limbs as well, to battle with thestorm, even for such a distance.
when he reached the cottage, hefound janet in considerable anxiety, not only about david, who hadnot yet returned, but about margaret as well, whom she had not seenfor some time, and who must be out somewhere in the storm--"the wullhizzie."
hugh suggested that she might have gone to meet herfather.
"the lord forbid!"
"the road lies ower the tap o'the halshach, as eerie and bare a place as ever was hill-moss, wi'never a scoug or bield in't, frae the tae side to the tither.
thewin' there jist gangs clean wud a'thegither.
an' there's mony awell-ee forbye, that gin ye fell intill't, ye wud never come at theboddom o't.
the lord preserve's!
i wis' dawvid was hame."
"how could you let him go, janet?"
"lat him gang, laddie!
it's a strang tow 'at wad haud or bin'dawvid, whan he considers he bud to gang, an' 'twere intill a deil'sbyke.
but i'm no that feared aboot him.
i maist believe he's underspecial protection, if ever man was or oucht to be; an' he's no morefeared at the storm, nor gin the snaw was angels' feathersflauchterin' oot o' their wings a' aboot him.
but i'm no easy i' mymin' aboot maggy--the wull hizzie!
gin she be meetin' her father,an' chance to miss him, the lord kens what may come o' her."
hugh tried to comfort her, but all that could be done was to waitdavid's return.
the storm seemed to increase rather than abate itsforce.
the footprints hugh had made, had all but vanished alreadyat the very door of the house, which stood quite in the shelter ofthe fir-wood.
as they looked out, a dark figure appeared within ayard or two of the house.
"the lord grant it be my bairn!"
prayed poor janet.
but it wasdavid, and alone.
janet gave a shriek.
"dawvid, whaur's maggie?"
"i haena seen the bairn," replied david, in repressed perturbation.
"she's no theroot, is she, the nicht?"
"she's no at hame, dawvid, that's a' 'at i ken."
"whaur gaed she?"
"the lord kens.
she's smoored i' the snaw by this time."
"she's i' the lord's han's, janet, be she aneath a snaw-vraith.
dinna forget that, wuman.
hoo lang is't sin' ye missed her?"
"an hour an' mair--i dinna ken hoo lang.
i'm clean doitit wi'dreid."
"i'll awa' an' leuk for her.
just haud the hert in her till i comeback, mr.
"i won't be left behind, david.
i'm going with you."
"ye dinna ken what ye're sayin', mr. sutherlan'.
i wad sune hae twao' ye to seek in place o' ane."
"never heed me; i'm going on my own account, come what may."
"weel, weel; i downa bide to differ.
i'm gaein up the burn-side;baud ye ower to the farm, and spier gin onybody's seen her; an' thelads 'll be out to leuk for her in a jiffey.
my puir lassie!"
the sigh that must have accompanied the last words, was lost in thewind, as they vanished in the darkness.
janet fell on her knees inthe kitchen, with the door wide open, and the wind drifting in thepowdery snow, and scattering it with the ashes from the hearth overthe floor.
a picture of more thorough desolation can hardly beimagined.
she soon came to herself, however; and reflecting that,if the lost child was found, there must be a warm bed to receiveher, else she might be a second time lost, she rose and shut thedoor, and mended the fire.
it was as if the dumb attitude of herprayer was answered; for though she had never spoken or even thoughta word, strength was restored to her distracted brain.
when she hadmade every preparation she could think of, she went to the dooragain, opened it, and looked out.
it was a region of howlingdarkness, tossed about by pale snow-drifts; out of which it seemedscarce more hopeful that welcome faces would emerge, than that theyshould return to our eyes from the vast unknown in which they vanishat last.
she closed the door once more, and knowing nothing else tobe done, sat down on a chair, with her hands on her knees, and hereyes fixed on the door.
the clock went on with its slow swing,tic--tac, tic--tac, an utterly inhuman time-measurer; but she heardthe sound of every second, through the midst of the uproar in thefir-trees, which bent their tall heads hissing to the blast, andswinging about in the agony of their strife.
the minutes went by,till an hour was gone, and there was neither sound nor hearing, butof the storm and the clock.
still she sat and stared, her eyesfixed on the door-latch.
suddenly, without warning it was lifted,and the door opened.
her heart bounded and fluttered like astartled bird; but alas!
the first words she heard were: "is she nocome yet?"
it was her husband, followed by several of the farmservants.
he had made a circuit to the farm, and finding that hughhad never been there, hoped, though with trembling, that margarethad already returned home.
the question fell upon janet's heartlike the sound of the earth on the coffin-lid, and her silent starewas the only answer david received.
but at that very moment, like a dead man burst from the tomb,entered from behind the party at the open door, silent and white,with rigid features and fixed eyes, hugh.
he stumbled in, leaningforward with long strides, and dragging something behind him.
hepushed and staggered through them as if he saw nothing before him;and as they parted horror-stricken, they saw that it was margaret,or her dead body, that he dragged after him.
he dropped her at hermother's feet, and fell himself on the floor, before they were ableto give him any support.
david, who was quite calm, got the whiskybottle out, and tried to administer some to margaret first; but herteeth were firmly set, and to all appearance she was dead.
one ofthe young men succeeded better with hugh, whom at david's directionthey took into the study; while he and janet got margaret undressedand put to bed, with hot bottles all about her; for in warmth laythe only hope of restoring her.
after she had lain thus for awhile, she gave a sigh; and when they had succeeded in getting herto swallow some warm milk, she began to breathe, and soon seemed tobe only fast asleep.
after half an hour's rest and warming, hughwas able to move and speak.
david would not allow him to say much,however, but got him to bed, sending word to the house that he couldnot go home that night.
he and janet sat by the fireside all night,listening to the storm that still raved without, and thanking godfor both of the lives.
every few minutes a tip-toe excursion wasmade to the bedside, and now and then to the other room.
both thepatients slept quietly.
towards morning margaret opened her eyes,and faintly called her mother; but soon fell asleep once more, anddid not awake again till nearly noon.
when sufficiently restored tobe able to speak, the account she gave was, that she had set out tomeet her father; but the storm increasing, she had thought it moreprudent to turn.
it grew in violence, however, so rapidly, and beatso directly in her face, that she was soon exhausted withstruggling, and benumbed with the cold.
the last thing sheremembered was, dropping, as she thought, into a hole, and feelingas if she were going to sleep in bed, yet knowing it was death; andthinking how much sweeter it was than sleep.
hugh's account wasvery strange and defective, but he was never able to add anything toit.
he said that, when he rushed out into the dark, the stormseized him like a fury, beating him about the head and face with icywings, till he was almost stunned.
he took the road to the farm,which lay through the fir-wood; but he soon became aware that he hadlost his way and might tramp about in the fir-wood till daylight, ifhe lived as long.
then, thinking of margaret, he lost his presenceof mind, and rushed wildly along.
he thought he must have knockedhis head against the trunk of a tree, but he could not tell; for heremembered nothing more but that he found himself dragging margaret,with his arms round her, through the snow, and nearing the light inthe cottage-window.
where or how he had found her, or what thelight was that he was approaching, he had not the least idea.
hehad only a vague notion that he was rescuing margaret from somethingdreadful.
margaret, for her part, had no recollection of reachingthe fir-wood, and as, long before morning, all traces wereobliterated, the facts remained a mystery.
janet thought that davidhad some wonderful persuasion about it; but he was never heard evento speculate on the subject.
certain it was, that hugh had savedmargaret's life.
he seemed quite well next day, for he was of avery powerful and enduring frame for his years.
she recovered moreslowly, and perhaps never altogether overcame the effects of death'sembrace that night.
from the moment when margaret was brought home,the storm gradually died away, and by the morning all was still; butmany starry and moonlit nights glimmered and passed, before thatsnow was melted away from the earth; and many a night janet awokefrom her sleep with a cry, thinking she heard her daughter moaning,deep in the smooth ocean of snow, and could not find where she lay.
the occurrences of this dreadful night could not lessen the interesthis cottage friends felt in hugh; and a long winter passed withdaily and lengthening communion both in study and in generalconversation.
i fear some of my younger readers will think my storyslow; and say: "what!
are they not going to fall in love with eachother yet?
we have been expecting it ever so long."
i have twoanswers to make to this.
the first is: "i do not pretend to know somuch about love as you--excuse me--think you do; and must confess, ido not know whether they were in love with each other or not."
thesecond is: "that i dare not pretend to understand thoroughly such asacred mystery as the heart of margaret; and i should feel it ratherworse than presumptuous to talk as if i did.
even hugh's is knownto me only by gleams of light thrown, now and then, and here andthere, upon it."
perhaps the two answers are only the same answerin different shapes.
mrs. glasford, however, would easily answer the question, if ananswer is all that is wanted; for she, notwithstanding the facts ofthe story, which she could not fail to have heard correctly from thebest authority, and notwithstanding the nature of the night, whichmight have seemed sufficient to overthrow her conclusions, uniformlyremarked, as often as their escape was alluded to in her hearing,"lat them tak' it they had no business to be oot aboot thegither."
tell me, bright boy, tell me, my golden lad,whither away so frolic?
why so glad?
what all thy wealth in council?
all thy state?
are husks so dear?
troth, 'tis a mighty rate.
the long scotch winter passed by without any interruption to thegrowing friendship.
but the spring brought a change; and hugh wasseparated from his friends sooner than he had anticipated, by morethan six months.
for his mother wrote to him in great distress, inconsequence of a claim made upon her for some debt which his fatherhad contracted, very probably for hugh's own sake.
hugh could notbear that any such should remain undischarged, or that his father'sname should not rest in peace as well as his body and soul.
herequested, therefore, from the laird, the amount due to him, anddespatched almost the whole of it for the liquidation of this debt,so that he was now as unprovided as before for the expenses of thecoming winter at aberdeen.
but, about the same time, afellow-student wrote to him with news of a situation for the summer,worth three times as much as his present one, and to be procuredthrough his friend's interest.
hugh having engaged himself to thelaird only for the winter, although he had intended to stay till thecommencement of the following session, felt that, although he wouldmuch rather remain where he was, he must not hesitate a moment toaccept his friend's offer; and therefore wrote at once.
i will not attempt to describe the parting.
it was very quiet, butvery solemn and sad.
janet showed far more distress than margaret,for she wept outright.
the tears stood in david's eyes, as hegrasped the youth's hand in silence.
margaret was very pale; thatwas all.
as soon as hugh disappeared with her father, who was goingto walk with him to the village through which the coach passed, shehurried away, and went to the fir-wood for comfort.
hugh found his new situation in perthshire very different from thelast.
the heads of the family being themselves a lady and agentleman, he found himself a gentleman too.
he had more to do, buthis work left him plenty of leisure notwithstanding.
a good portionof his spare time he devoted to verse-making, to which he felt agrowing impulse; and whatever may have been the merit of hiscompositions, they did him intellectual good at least, if it wereonly through the process of their construction.
he wrote to davidafter his arrival, telling him all about his new situation; andreceived in return a letter from margaret, written at her father'sdictation.
the mechanical part of letter-writing was ratherlaborious to david; but margaret wrote well, in consequence of thenumber of papers, of one sort and another, which she had written forhugh.
three or four letters more passed between them at lengtheningintervals.
then they ceased--on hugh's side first; until, when onthe point of leaving for aberdeen, feeling somewhatconscience-stricken at not having written for so long, he scribbleda note to inform them of his approaching departure, promising to letthem know his address as soon as he found himself settled.
will itbe believed that the session went by without the redemption of thispledge?
surely he could not have felt, to any approximate degree,the amount of obligation he was under to his humble friends.
perhaps, indeed, he may have thought that the obligation wasprincipally on their side; as it would have been, if intellectualassistance could outweigh heart-kindness, and spiritual impulse andenlightenment; for, unconsciously in a great measure to himself, hehad learned from david to regard in a new and more real aspect, manyof those truths which he had hitherto received as true, and whichyet had till then produced in him no other than a feeling of thecommon-place and uninteresting at the best.
besides this, and many cognate advantages, a thousand seeds of truthmust have surely remained in his mind, dropped there from the sametongue of wisdom, and only waiting the friendly aid of a hardwinter, breaking up the cold, selfish clods of clay, to share in theloveliness of a new spring, and be perfected in the beauty of a newsummer.
however this may have been, it is certain that he forgot his oldfriends far more than he himself could have thought it possible heshould; for, to make the best of it, youth is easily attracted andfilled with the present show, and easily forgets that which, fromdistance in time or space, has no show to show.
spending hisevenings in the midst of merry faces, and ready tongues fluent withthe tones of jollity, if not always of wit, which glided sometimesinto no too earnest discussion of the difficult subjects occupyingtheir student hours; surrounded by the vapours of whisky-toddy, andthe smoke of cutty pipes, till far into the short hours; thenhurrying home, and lapsing into unrefreshing slumbers over intendedstudy; or sitting up all night to prepare the tasks which had beenneglected for a ball or an evening with wilson, the greatinterpreter of scottish song--it is hardly to be wondered at that heshould lose the finer consciousness of higher powers and deeperfeelings, not from any behaviour in itself wrong, but from thehurry, noise, and tumult in the streets of life, that, penetratingtoo deep into the house of life, dazed and stupefied the silent andlonely watcher in the chamber of conscience, far apart.
he had notime to think or feel.
the session drew to a close.
he eschewed all idleness; shut himselfup, after class hours, with his books; ate little, studied hard,slept irregularly, working always best between midnight and two inthe morning; carried the first honours in most of his classes; andat length breathed freely, but with a dizzy brain, and a face thatrevealed, in pale cheeks, and red, weary eyes, the results of anexcess of mental labour--an excess which is as injurious as anyother kind of intemperance, the moral degradation alone kept out ofview.
proud of his success, he sat down and wrote a short note,with a simple statement of it, to david; hoping, in his secret mind,that he would attribute his previous silence to an absorption instudy which had not existed before the end of the session was quiteat hand.
now that he had more time for reflection, he could notbear the idea that that noble rustic face should look disapprovinglyor, still worse, coldly upon him; and he could not help feeling asif the old ploughman had taken the place of his father, as the onlyman of whom he must stand in awe, and who had a right to reprovehim.
he did reprove him now, though unintentionally.
for david wasdelighted at having such good news from him; and the uneasinesswhich he had felt, but never quite expressed, was almost swept awayin the conclusion, that it was unreasonable to expect the young manto give his time to them both absent and present, especially when hehad been occupied to such good purpose as this letter signified.
sohe was nearly at peace about him--though not quite.
hugh receivedfrom him the following letter in reply to his; dictated, as usual,to his secretary, margaret:--"my dear sir,"ye'll be a great man some day, gin ye haud at it.
but thingsmaunna be gotten at the outlay o' mair than they're worth.
ye'llken what i mean.
an' there's better things nor bein' a great man,efter a'.
forgie the liberty i tak' in remin'in' ye o' sic like.
i'm only remin'in' ye o' what ye ken weel aneuch.
but ye're abrave lad, an' ye hae been an unco frien' to me an' mine; an' i praythe lord to thank ye for me, for ye hae dune muckle guid to hisbairns--meanin' me an' mine.
it's verra kin' o' ye to vrite till'sin the verra moment o' victory; but weel ye kent that amid a' yerfrien's--an' ye canna fail to hae mony a ane, wi' a head an' a facelike yours--there was na ane--na, no ane, that wad rejoice mair oweryour success than janet, or my doo, maggie, or yer ain auld obleegedfrien' an' servant,"david elginbrod.
"p.s.--we're a' weel, an' unco blythe at your letter.
2.--dear mr. sutherland,--i wrote all the above at my father'sdictation, and just as he said it, for i thought you would like hisscotch better than my english.
my mother and i myself are rejoicedat the good news.
my mother fairly grat outright.
i gaed out tothe tree where i met you first.
i wonder sair sometimes if you wasthe angel i was to meet in the fir-wood.
i am,"your obedient servant,"margaret elginbrod."
this letter certainly touched hugh.
but he could not help feelingrather offended that david should write to him in such a warningtone.
he had never addressed him in this fashion when he saw himevery day.
indeed, david could not very easily have spoken to himthus.
but writing is a different thing; and men who are not muchaccustomed to use a pen, often assume a more solemn tone in doingso, as if it were a ceremony that required state.
as for david,having been a little uneasy about hugh, and not much afraid ofoffending him--for he did not know his weaknesses very thoroughly,and did not take into account the effect of the very falling awaywhich he dreaded, in increasing in him pride, and that impatience ofthe gentlest reproof natural to every man--he felt considerablyrelieved after he had discharged his duty in this memento vivere.
but one of the results, and a very unexpected one, was, that a yetlonger period elapsed before hugh wrote again to david.
he meant todo so, and meant to do so; but, as often as the thought occurred tohim, was checked both by consciousness and by pride.
so muchcontributes, not the evil alone that is in us, but the good alsosometimes, to hold us back from doing the thing we ought to do.
it now remained for hugh to look about for some occupation.
thestate of his funds rendered immediate employment absolutelynecessary; and as there was only one way in which he could earnmoney without yet further preparation, he must betake himself tothat way, as he had done before, in the hope that it would lead tosomething better.
at all events, it would give him time to lookabout him, and make up his mind for the future.
many a one, to whomthe occupation of a tutor is far more irksome than it was to hugh,is compelled to turn his acquirements to this immediate account;and, once going in this groove, can never get out of it again.
buthugh was hopeful enough to think, that his reputation at theuniversity would stand him in some stead; and, however much he wouldhave disliked the thought of being a tutor all his days, occupying akind of neutral territory between the position of a gentleman andthat of a menial, he had enough of strong saxon good sense toprevent him, despite his highland pride, from seeing any greathardship in labouring still for a little while, as he had labouredhitherto.
but he hoped to find a situation more desirable thaneither of those he had occupied before; and, with this expectation,looked towards the south, as most scotchmen do, indulging thenational impulse to spoil the egyptians.
nor did he look long,sending his tentacles afloat in every direction, before he heard,through means of a college friend, of just such a situation as hewanted, in the family of a gentleman of fortune in the county ofsurrey, not much more than twenty miles from london.
this he wasfortunate enough to obtain without difficulty.
margaret was likewise on the eve of a change.
she stood like ayoung fledged bird on the edge of the nest, ready to take its firstlong flight.
it was necessary that she should do something forherself, not so much from the compulsion of immediate circumstances,as in prospect of the future.
her father was not an old man, but atbest he could leave only a trifle at his death; and if janetoutlived him, she would probably require all that, and what labourshe would then be capable of as well, to support herself.
margaretwas anxious, too, though not to be independent, yet, not to beburdensome.
both david and janet saw that, by her peculiar tastesand habits, she had separated herself so far from the circle aroundher, that she could never hope to be quite comfortable in thatneighbourhood.
it was not that by any means she despised or refusedthe labours common to the young women of the country; but, allthings considered, they thought that something more suitable for hermight be procured.
the laird's lady continued to behave to her in the most superciliousfashion.
the very day of hugh's departure, she had chanced to meetmargaret walking alone with a book, this time unopened, in her hand.
mrs. glasford stopped.
margaret stopped too, expecting to beaddressed.
the lady looked at her, all over, from head to foot, asif critically examining the appearance of an animal she thought ofpurchasing; then, without a word, but with a contemptuous toss ofthe head, passed on, leaving poor margaret both angry and ashamed.
but david was much respected by the gentry of the neighbourhood,with whom his position, as the laird's steward, brought him notunfrequently into contact; and to several of them he mentioned hisdesire of finding some situation for margaret.
janet could not bearthe idea of her lady-bairn leaving them, to encounter the worldalone; but david, though he could not help sometimes feeling asimilar pang, was able to take to himself hearty comfort from thethought, that if there was any safety for her in her father's house,there could not be less in her heavenly father's, in any nook ofwhich she was as full in his eye, and as near his heart, as in theirown cottage.
he felt that anxiety in this case, as in every other,would just be a lack of confidence in god, to suppose whichjustifiable would be equivalent to saying that he had not fixed thefoundations of the earth that it should not be moved; that he wasnot the lord of life, nor the father of his children; in short, thata sparrow could fall to the ground without him, and that the hairsof our head are not numbered.
janet admitted all this, but sighednevertheless.
so did david too, at times; for he knew that thesparrow must fall; that many a divine truth is hard to learn,all-blessed as it is when learned; and that sorrow and sufferingmust come to margaret, ere she could be fashioned into theperfection of a child of the kingdom.
still, she was as safe abroadas at home.
an elderly lady of fortune was on a visit to one of the families inthe neighbourhood.
she was in want of a lady's-maid, and itoccurred to the housekeeper that margaret might suit her.
this wasnot quite what her parents would have chosen, but they allowed herto go and see the lady.
margaret was delighted with thebenevolent-looking gentlewoman; and she, on her part, was quitecharmed with margaret.
it was true she knew nothing of the dutiesof the office; but the present maid, who was leaving on the best ofterms, would soon initiate her into its mysteries.
and david andjanet were so much pleased with margaret's account of the interview,that david himself went to see the lady.
the sight of him onlyincreased her desire to have margaret, whom she said she would treatlike a daughter, if only she were half as good as she looked.
before david left her, the matter was arranged; and within a month,margaret was borne in her mistress's carriage, away from father andmother and cottage-home.
end of the first book.
the earth hath bubbles as the water has.
macbeth.--i.3a wise man's home is whereso'er he's wise.
john marston.--antonio's revenge.
hugh left the north dead in the arms of grey winter, and found hisnew abode already alive in the breath of the west wind.
as hewalked up the avenue to the house, he felt that the buds werebreaking all about, though, the night being dark and cloudy, thegreen shadows of the coming spring were invisible.
he was received at the hall-door, and shown to his room, by an old,apparently confidential, and certainly important butler; whoseimportance, however, was inoffensive, as founded, to all appearance,on a sense of family and not of personal dignity.
refreshment wasthen brought him, with the message that, as it was late, mr. arnoldwould defer the pleasure of meeting him till the morning atbreakfast.
left to himself, hugh began to look around him.
everythingsuggested a contrast between his present position and that which hehad first occupied about the same time of the year at turriepuffit.
he was in an old handsome room of dark wainscot, furnished like alibrary, with book-cases about the walls.
one of them, with glassdoors, had an ancient escritoire underneath, which was open, andevidently left empty for his use.
a fire was burning cheerfully inan old high grate; but its light, though assisted by that of two waxcandles on the table, failed to show the outlines of the room, itwas so large and dark.
the ceiling was rather low in proportion,and a huge beam crossed it.
at one end, an open door revealed aroom beyond, likewise lighted with fire and candles.
entering, hefound this to be an equally old-fashioned bedroom, to which hisluggage had been already conveyed.
"as far as creature comforts go," thought hugh, "i have fallen on myfeet."
he rang the bell, had the tray removed, and then proceededto examine the book-cases.
he found them to contain much of theliterature with which he was most desirous of making anacquaintance.
a few books of the day were interspersed.
the senseof having good companions in the authors around him, added greatlyto his feeling of comfort; and he retired for the night filled withpleasant anticipations of his sojourn at arnstead.
all the night,however, his dreams were of wind and snow, and margaret out in themalone.
janet was waiting in the cottage for him to bring her home.
he had found her, but could not move her; for the spirit of thestorm had frozen her to ice, and she was heavy as a marble statue.
when he awoke, the shadows of boughs and budding twigs were wavingin changeful network-tracery, across the bright sunshine on hiswindow-curtains.
before he was called he was ready to go down; andto amuse himself till breakfast-time, he proceeded to make anothersurvey of the books.
he concluded that these must be a colony fromthe mother-library; and also that the room must, notwithstanding, beintended for his especial occupation, seeing his bedroom opened outof it.
next, he looked from all the windows, to discover into whatkind of a furrow on the face of the old earth he had fallen.
all hecould see was trees and trees.
how different from thesombre, dark, changeless fir-wood at turriepuffit!
whose treeslooked small and shrunken in his memory, beside this glory ofboughs, breaking out into their prophecy of an infinite greenery athand.
his rooms seemed to occupy the end of a small wing at theback of the house, as well as he could judge.
his sitting-roomwindows looked across a small space to another wing; and the windowsof his bedroom, which were at right-angles to those of the former,looked full into what seemed an ordered ancient forest of gracioustrees of all kinds, coming almost close to the very windows.
theywere the trees which had been throwing their shadows on thesewindows for two or three hours of the silent spring sunlight, atonce so liquid and so dazzling.
then he resolved to test hisfaculty for discovery, by seeing whether he could find his way tothe breakfast-room without a guide.
in this he would have succeededwithout much difficulty, for it opened from the main-entrance hall,to which the huge square-turned oak staircase, by which he hadascended, led; had it not been for the somewhat intricate nature ofthe passages leading from the wing in which his rooms were(evidently an older and more retired portion of the house) to themain staircase itself.
after opening many doors and finding nothoroughfare, he became convinced that, in place of finding a wayon, he had lost the way back.
at length he came to a small stair,which led him down to a single door.
this he opened, andstraightway found himself in the library, a long, low,silent-looking room, every foot of the walls of which was occupiedwith books in varied and rich bindings.
the lozenge-paned windows,with thick stone mullions, were much overgrown with ivy, throwing acool green shadowiness into the room.
one of them, however, hadbeen altered to a more modern taste, and opened with folding-doorsupon a few steps, descending into an old-fashioned, terraced garden.
to approach this window he had to pass a table, lying on which hesaw a paper with verses on it, evidently in a woman's hand, andapparently just written, for the ink of the corrective scores stillglittered.
just as he reached the window, which stood open, a ladyhad almost gained it from the other side, coming up the steps fromthe garden.
she gave a slight start when she saw him, looked away,and as instantly glanced towards him again.
then approaching himthrough the window, for he had retreated to allow her to enter, shebowed with a kind of studied ease, and a slight shade of somethingfrench in her manner.
her voice was very pleasing, almostbewitching; yet had, at the same time, something assumed, if notaffected, in the tone.
all this was discoverable, or ratherspiritually palpable, in the two words she said--merely, "mr.
hugh bowed, and said:"i am very glad you have found me, for i had quite lost myself.
idoubt whether i should ever have reached the breakfast-room."
"come this way," she rejoined.
as they passed the table on which the verses lay, she stopped andslipped them into a writing-case.
leading him through a successionof handsome, evidently modern passages, she brought him across themain hall to the breakfast-room, which looked in the oppositedirection to the library, namely, to the front of the house.
sherang the bell; the urn was brought in; and she proceeded at once tomake the tea; which she did well, rising in hugh's estimationthereby.
before he had time, however, to make his private remarkson her exterior, or his conjectures on her position in the family,mr. arnold entered the room, with a slow, somewhat dignified step,and a dull outlook of grey eyes from a grey head well-balanced on atall, rather slender frame.
the lady rose, and, addressing him asuncle, bade him good morning; a greeting which he returnedcordially, with a kiss on her forehead.
then accosting hugh, with amanner which seemed the more polite and cold after the tone in whichhe had spoken to his niece, he bade him welcome to arnstead.
"i trust you were properly attended to last night, mr. sutherland?
your pupil wanted very much to sit up till you arrived, but he isaltogether too delicate, i am sorry to say, for late hours, thoughhe has an unfortunate preference for them himself.
jacob," (to theman in waiting), "is not master harry up yet?"
master harry's entrance at that moment rendered reply unnecessary.
"good morning, euphra," he said to the lady, and kissed her on thecheek.
"good morning, dear," was the reply, accompanied by a pretence ofreturning the kiss.
but she smiled with a kind of confectionarysweetness on him; and, dropping an additional lump of sugar into histea at the same moment, placed it for him beside herself; while hewent and shook hands with his father, and then glancing shyly up athugh from a pair of large dark eyes, put his hand in his, andsmiled, revealing teeth of a pearly whiteness.
the lips, however,did not contrast them sufficiently, being pale and thin, withindication of suffering in their tremulous lines.
taking his placeat table, he trifled with his breakfast; and after making pretenceof eating for a while, asked euphra if he might go.
she giving himleave, he hastened away.
mr. arnold took advantage of his retreat to explain to hugh what heexpected of him with regard to the boy.
"how old would you take harry to be, mr.
"i should say about twelve from his size," replied hugh; "but fromhis evident bad health, and intelligent expression--""ah!
you perceive the state he is in," interrupted mr. arnold, withsome sadness in his voice.
"you are right; he is nearly fifteen.
hehas not grown half-an-inch in the last twelve months."
"perhaps that is better than growing too fast," said hugh.
"perhaps--perhaps; we will hope so.
but i cannot help being uneasyabout him.
he reads too much, and i have not yet been able to helpit; for he seems miserable, and without any object in life, if icompel him to leave his books."
"perhaps we can manage to get over that in a little while."
"besides," mr. arnold went on, paying no attention to what hughsaid, "i can get him to take no exercise.
he does not even care forriding.
i bought him a second pony a month ago, and he has not beentwice on its back yet."
hugh could not help thinking that to increase the supply was notalways the best mode of increasing the demand; and that one whowould not ride the first pony, would hardly be likely to ride thesecond.
mr. arnold concluded with the words:"i don't want to stop the boy's reading, but i can't have him amilksop."
"will you let me manage him as i please, mr.
hugh venturedto say.
mr. arnold looked full at him, with a very slight but quite manifestexpression of surprise; and hugh was aware that the eyes of thelady, called by the boy euphra, were likewise fixed upon himpenetratingly.
as if he were then for the first time struck by themanly development of hugh's frame, mr. arnold answered:"i don't want you to overdo it, either.
you cannot make a muscularchristian of him."
(the speaker smiled at his own imagined wit.)
"the boy has talents, and i want him to use them."
"i will do my best for him both ways," answered hugh, "if you willtrust me.
for my part, i think the only way is to make theoperation of the intellectual tendency on the one side, reveal tothe boy himself his deficiency on the other.
this once done, allwill be well."
as he said this, hugh caught sight of a cloudy, inscrutabledissatisfaction slightly contracting the eyebrows of the lady.
mr.arnold, however, seemed not to be altogether displeased.
"well," he answered, "i have my plans; but let us see first what youcan do with yours.
if they fail, perhaps you will oblige me bytrying mine."
this was said with the decisive politeness of one who is accustomedto have his own way, and fully intends to have it--every word asarticulate and deliberate as organs of speech could make it.
but heseemed at the same time somewhat impressed by hugh, and notunwilling to yield.
throughout the conversation, the lady had said nothing, but had satwatching, or rather scrutinizing, hugh's countenance, with a farkeener and more frequent glance than, i presume, he was at all awareof.
whether or not she was satisfied with her conclusions, sheallowed no sign to disclose; but, breakfast being over, rose andwithdrew, turning, however, at the door, and saying:"when you please, mr. sutherland, i shall be glad to show you whatharry has been doing with me; for till now i have been his onlytutor."
"thank you," replied hugh; "but for some time we shall be quiteindependent of school-books.
perhaps we may require none at all.
he can read, i presume, fairly well?"
"reading is not only his forte but his fault," replied mr. arnold;while euphra, fixing one more piercing look upon him, withdrew.
"yes," responded hugh; "but a boy may shuffle through a book veryquickly, and have no such accurate perceptions of even the merewords, as to be able to read aloud intelligibly."
how little this applied to harry, hugh was soon to learn.
"well, you know best about these things, i daresay.
i leave it toyou.
with such testimonials as you have, mr. sutherland, i canhardly be wrong in letting you try your own plans with him.
now, imust bid you good morning.
you will, in all probability, find harryin the library."
spielender unterricht heisst nicht, dem kinde anstrengungen ersparenund abnehmen, sondern eine leidenschaft in ihm erwecken, welche ihmdie stärksten aufnöthigt und erleichtert.
jean paul.--die unsichtbare loge.
it is not the intention of sportive instruction that the childshould be spared effort, or delivered from it; but that thereby apassion should be wakened in him, which shall both necessitate andfacilitate the strongest exertion.
hugh made no haste to find his pupil in the library; thinking itbetter, with such a boy, not to pounce upon him as if he were goingto educate him directly.
he went to his own rooms instead; got hisbooks out and arranged them,--supplying thus, in a very smalldegree, the scarcity of modern ones in the book-cases; then arrangedhis small wardrobe, looked about him a little, and finally went toseek his pupil.
he found him in the library, as he had been given to expect, coiledup on the floor in a corner, with his back against the book-shelves,and an old folio on his knees, which he was reading in silence.
"well, harry," said hugh, in a half-indifferent tone, as he threwhimself on a couch, "what are you reading?"
harry had not heard him come in.
he started, and almost shuddered;then looked up, hesitated, rose, and, as if ashamed to utter thename of the book, brought it to hugh, opening it at the title-pageas he held it out to him.
it was the old romance of polexander.
hugh knew nothing about it; but, glancing over some of the pages,could not help wondering that the boy should find it interesting.
"do you like this very much?"
"i think i could find you something more interesting in thebook-shelves."
please, sir, mayn't i read this?"
pleaded harry, with signs ofdistress in his pale face.
"oh, yes, certainly, if you wish.
but tell me why you want to readit so very much."
"because i have set myself to read it through."
hugh saw that the child was in a diseased state of mind, as well asof body.
"you should not set yourself to read anything, before you knowwhether it is worth reading."
"i could not help it.
i was forced to say i would."
mayn't i read it?"
"certainly," was all hugh's answer; for he saw that he must notpursue the subject at present: the boy was quite hypochondriacal.
his face was keen, with that clear definition of feature whichsuggests superior intellect.
he was, though very small for his age,well proportioned, except that his head and face were too large.
his forehead indicated thought; and hugh could not doubt that,however uninteresting the books which he read might be, they musthave afforded him subjects of mental activity.
but he could nothelp seeing as well, that this activity, if not altered in itsdirection and modified in its degree, would soon destroy itself,either by ruining his feeble constitution altogether, or, which wasmore to be feared, by irremediably injuring the action of the brain.
he resolved, however, to let him satisfy his conscience by readingthe book; hoping, by the introduction of other objects of thoughtand feeling, to render it so distasteful, that he would be in littledanger of yielding a similar pledge again, even should thetemptation return, which hugh hoped to prevent.
"but you have read enough for the present, have you not?"
said he,rising, and approaching the book-shelves.
"yes; i have been reading since breakfast."
there's a capital book.
have you ever read it--gulliver'stravels?"
the outside looked always so uninteresting."
"so does polexander's outside."
but i couldn't help that one."
"well, come along.
i will read to you."
that will be delightful.
but must we not go to ourlessons?"
"i'm going to make a lesson of this.
i have been talking to yourpapa; and we're going to begin with a holiday, instead of endingwith one.
i must get better acquainted with you first, harry,before i can teach you right.
we must be friends, you know."
the boy crept close up to him, laid one thin hand on his knee,looked in his face for a moment, and then, without a word, sat downon the couch close beside him.
before an hour had passed, harry waslaughing heartily at gulliver's adventures amongst the lilliputians.
having arrived at this point of success, hugh ceased reading, andbegan to talk to him.
"is that lady your cousin?"
isn't she beautiful?"
"i hardly know yet.
i have not got used to her enough yet.
what isher name?"
such a pretty name--euphrasia."
"is she the only lady in the house?"
"yes; my mamma is dead, you know.
she was ill for a long time, theysay; and she died when i was born."
the tears came in the poor boy's eyes.
hugh thought of his ownfather, and put his hand on harry's shoulder.
harry laid his headon hugh's shoulder.
"but," he went on, "euphra is so kind to me!
and she is so clevertoo!
she knows everything."
"have you no brothers or sisters?"
i wish i had."
"well, i'll be your big brother.
only you must mind what i say toyou; else i shall stop being him.
is it a bargain?"
"yes, to be sure!"
cried harry in delight; and, springing from thecouch, he began hopping feebly about the room on one foot, toexpress his pleasure.
"well, then, that's settled.
now, you must come and show me thehorses--your ponies, you know--and the pigs--""i don't like the pigs--i don't know where they are."
"well, we must find out.
perhaps i shall make some discoveries foryou.
have you any rabbits?"
"a dog though, surely?"
i had a canary, but the cat killed it, and i have never had apet since."
"well, get your cap, and come out with me.
i will wait for youhere."
harry walked away--he seldom ran.
he soon returned with his cap,and they sallied out together.
happening to look back at the house, when a few paces from it, hughthought he saw euphra standing at the window of a back staircase.
they made the round of the stables, and the cow-house, and thepoultry-yard; and even the pigs, as proposed, came in for a share oftheir attention.
as they approached the stye, harry turned away hishead with a look of disgust.
they were eating out of the trough.
"they make such a nasty noise!"
"yes, but just look: don't they enjoy it?"
harry looked at them.
the notion of their enjoyment seemed to dawnupon him as something quite new.
he went nearer and nearer to thestye.
at last a smile broke out over his countenance.
"how tight that one curls his tail!"
said he, and burst outlaughing.
"how dreadfully this boy must have been mismanaged!"
thought hugh tohimself.
"but there is no fear of him now, i hope."
by this time they had been wandering about for more than an hour;and hugh saw, by harry's increased paleness, that he was gettingtired.
"here, harry, get on my back, my boy, and have a ride.
and hugh knelt down.
harry shrunk back.
"i shall spoil your coat with my shoes."
rub them well on the grass there.
and then get on myback directly."
harry did as he was bid, and found his tutor's broad back and strongarms a very comfortable saddle.
so away they went, wandering aboutfor a long time, in their new relation of horse and his rider.
atlength they got into the middle of a long narrow avenue, quiteneglected, overgrown with weeds, and obstructed with rubbish.
butthe trees were fine beeches, of great growth and considerable age.
one end led far into a wood, and the other towards the house, asmall portion of which could be seen at the end, the avenueappearing to reach close up to it.
"don't go down this," said harry.
"well, it's not a very good road for a horse certainly, but i thinki can go it.
what a beautiful avenue!
why is it so neglected?"
"don't go down there, please, dear horse."
harry was getting wonderfully at home with hugh already.
"they call it the ghost's walk, and i don't much like it.
it has astrange distracted look!"
"that's a long word, and a descriptive one too," thought hugh; but,considering that there would come many a better opportunity ofcombating the boy's fears than now, he simply said: "very well,harry,"--and proceeded to leave the avenue by the other side.
butharry was not yet satisfied.
"please, mr. sutherland, don't go on that side, just now.
ride meback, please.
it is not safe, they say, to cross her path.
shealways follows any one who crosses her path."
hugh laughed; but again said, "very well, my boy;" and, returning,left the avenue by the side by which he had entered it.
"shall we go home to luncheon now?"
"yes," replied hugh.
"could we not go by the front of the house?
ishould like very much to see it."
"oh, certainly," said harry, and proceeded to direct hugh how to go;but evidently did not know quite to his own satisfaction.
therebeing, however, but little foliage yet, hugh could discover his waypretty well.
he promised himself many a delightful wander in thewoody regions in the evenings.
they managed to get round to the front of the house, not withoutsome difficulty; and then hugh saw to his surprise that, althoughnot imposing in appearance, it was in extent more like a baronialresidence than that of a simple gentleman.
the front was very long,apparently of all ages, and of all possible styles of architecture,the result being somewhat mysterious and eminently picturesque.
allkinds of windows; all kinds of projections and recesses; a househere, joined to a hall there; here a pointed gable, the very bell onthe top overgrown and apparently choked with ivy; there a wide frontwith large bay windows; and next a turret of old stone, with not ashred of ivy upon it, but crowded over with grey-green lichens,which looked as if the stone itself had taken to growing; multitudesof roofs, of all shapes and materials, so that one might very easilybe lost amongst the chimneys and gutters and dormer windows andpinnacles--made up the appearance of the house on the outside tohugh's first inquiring glance, as he paused at a little distancewith harry on his back, and scanned the wonderful pile before him.
but as he looked at the house of arnstead, euphra was looking athim with the boy on his back, from one of the smaller windows.
wasshe making up her mind?
"you are as kind to me as euphra," said harry, as hugh set him downin the hall.
"i've enjoyed my ride very much, thank you, mr.sutherland.
i am sure euphra will like you very much--she likeseverybody."
then purged with euphrasy and ruethe visual nerve, for he had much to see.
paradise lost, b. xi.
soft music came to mine ear.
it was like the rising breeze, thatwhirls, at first, the thistle's beard; then flies, dark-shadowy,over the grass.
it was the maid of fuärfed wild: she raised thenightly song; for she knew that my soul was a stream, that flowed atpleasant sounds.
harry led hugh by the hand to the dining-room, a large oak hall withgothic windows, and an open roof supported by richly carvedwoodwork, in the squares amidst which were painted many escutcheonsparted by fanciful devices.
over the high stone carving above thechimney hung an old piece of tapestry, occupying the whole spacebetween that and the roof.
it represented a hunting-party of ladiesand gentlemen, just setting out.
the table looked very small in thecentre of the room, though it would have seated twelve or fourteen.
it was already covered for luncheon; and in a minute euphra enteredand took her place without a word.
hugh sat on one side and harryon the other.
euphra, having helped both to soup, turned to harryand said, "well, harry, i hope you have enjoyed your first lesson."
"very much," answered harry with a smile.
"i have learned pigs andhorseback."
"the boy is positively clever," thought hugh.
"mr. sutherland"--he continued, "has begun to teach me to likecreatures."
"but i thought you were very fond of your wild-beast book, harry."
yes; but that was only in the book, you know.
i like thestories about them, of course.
but to like pigs, you know, is quitedifferent.
they are so ugly and ill-bred.
i like them though."
"you seem to have quite gained harry already," said euphra, glancingat hugh, and looking away as quickly.
"we are very good friends, and shall be, i think," replied he.
harry looked at him affectionately, and said to him, not to euphra,"oh!
yes, that we shall, i am sure."
then turning to the lady--"doyou know, euphra, he is my big brother?"
"you must mind how you make new relations, though, harry; for youknow that would make him my cousin."
"well, you will be a kind cousin to him, won't you?"
"i will try," replied euphra, looking up at hugh with a naïveexpression of shyness, and the slightest possible blush.
hugh began to think her pretty, almost handsome.
his next thoughtwas to wonder how old she was.
but about this he could not at oncemake up his mind.
she might be four-and-twenty; she might betwo-and-thirty.
she had black, lustreless hair, and eyes to match,as far as colour was concerned--but they could sparkle, and probablyflash upon occasion; a low forehead, but very finely developed inthe faculties that dwell above the eyes; slender but very darkeyebrows--just black arched lines in her rather sallow complexion;nose straight, and nothing remarkable--"an excellent thing inwoman," a mouth indifferent when at rest, but capable of a beautifullaugh.
she was rather tall, and of a pretty enough figure; handsgood; feet invisible.
hugh came to these conclusions rapidlyenough, now that his attention was directed to her; for, thoughnaturally unobservant, his perception was very acute as soon as hisattention was roused.
"thank you," he replied to her pretty speech.
"i shall do my best todeserve it."
"i hope you will, mr. sutherland," rejoined she, with another archlook.
"take some wine, harry."
she poured out a glass of sherry, and gave it to the boy, who drankit with some eagerness.
hugh could not approve of this, but thoughtit too early to interfere.
turning to harry, he said:"now, harry, you have had rather a tiring morning.
i should likeyou to go and lie down a while."
"very well, mr. sutherland," replied harry, who seemed ratherdeficient in combativeness, as well as other boyish virtues.
"shalli lie down in the library?"
"no--have a change."
"in my bed-room?"
"no, i think not.
go to my room, and lie on the couch till i cometo you."
harry went; and hugh, partly for the sake of saying something, andpartly to justify his treatment of harry, told euphra, whose surnamehe did not yet know, what they had been about all the morning,ending with some remark on the view of the house in front.
sheheard the account of their proceedings with apparent indifference,replying only to the remark with which he closed it:"it is rather a large house, is it not, for three--i beg yourpardon, for four persons to live in, mr.
"it is, indeed; it quite bewilders me."
"to tell the truth, i don't quite know above the half of it myself."
hugh thought this rather a strange assertion, large as the housewas; but she went on:"i lost myself between the housekeeper's room and my own, no laterthan last week."
i suppose there was a particle of truth in this; and that she hadtaken a wrong turning in an abstracted fit.
perhaps she did notmean it to be taken as absolutely true.
"you have not lived here long, then?"
"not long for such a great place.
a few years.
i am only a poorrelation."
she accompanied this statement with another swift uplifting of theeyelids.
but this time her eyes rested for a moment on hugh's, withsomething of a pleading expression; and when they fell, a slightsigh followed.
hugh felt that he could not quite understand her.
avague suspicion crossed his mind that she was bewitching him, butvanished instantly.
he replied to her communication by a smile, andthe remark:"you have the more freedom, then.--did you know harry's mother?"
headded, after a pause.
she died when harry was born.
she was very beautiful, and,they say, very clever, but always in extremely delicate health.
between ourselves, i doubt if there was much sympathy--that is, ifmy uncle and she quite understood each other.
but that is an oldstory."
a pause followed.
euphra resumed:"as to the freedom you speak of, mr. sutherland, i do not quite knowwhat to do with it.
i live here as if the place were my own, andgive what orders i please.
but mr. arnold shows me littleattention--he is so occupied with one thing and another, i hardlyknow what; and if he did, perhaps i should get tired of him.
so,except when we have visitors, which is not very often, the timehangs rather heavy on my hands."
"but you are fond of reading--and writing, too, i suspect;" hughventured to say.
she gave him another of her glances, in which the apparent shynesswas mingled with something for which hugh could not find a name.
nor did he suspect, till long after, that it was in realityslyness, so tempered with archness, that, if discovered, it mighteasily pass for an expression playfully assumed.
yes," she said; "one must read a book now and then; and if averse"--again a glance and a slight blush--"should come up fromnobody knows where, one may as well write it down.
but, please, donot take me for a literary lady.
indeed, i make not the slightestpretensions.
i don't know what i should do without harry; andindeed, indeed, you must not steal him from me, mr.
"i should be very sorry," replied hugh.
"let me beg you, as far as ihave a right to do so, to join us as often and as long as youplease.
i will go and see how he is.
i am sure the boy only wantsthorough rousing, alternated with perfect repose."
he went to his own room, where he found harry, to his satisfaction,fast asleep on the sofa.
he took care not to wake him, but sat downbeside him to read till his sleep should be over.
but, a momentafter, the boy opened his eyes with a start and a shiver, and gave aslight cry.
when he saw hugh he jumped up, and with a smile whichwas pitiful to see upon a scared face, said:"oh!
i am so glad you are there."
"what is the matter, dear harry?"
"i had a dreadful dream."
"what was it?"
"i don't know.
it always comes.
it is always the same.
and yet i can never remember what it is."
hugh soothed him as well as he could; and he needed it, for the colddrops were standing on his forehead.
when he had grown calmer, hewent and fetched gulliver, and, to the boy's great delight, read tohim till dinner-time.
before the first bell rang, he had quiterecovered, and indeed seemed rather interested in the approach ofdinner.
dinner was an affair of some state at arnstead.
almost immediatelyafter the second bell had rung, mr. arnold made his appearance inthe drawing-room, where the others were already waiting for him.
this room had nothing of the distinctive character of the parts ofthe house which hugh had already seen.
it was merely a handsomemodern room, of no great size.
mr. arnold led euphra to dinner, andhugh followed with harry.
mr. arnold's manner to hugh was the same as in themorning--studiously polite, without the smallest approach tocordiality.
he addressed him as an equal, it is true; but an equalwho could never be in the smallest danger of thinking he meant it.
hugh, who, without having seen a great deal of the world, yet feltmuch the same wherever he was, took care to give him all that heseemed to look for, as far at least as was consistent with his ownself-respect.
he soon discovered that he was one of those men, who,if you will only grant their position, and acknowledge theirauthority, will allow you to have much your own way in everything.
his servants had found this out long ago, and almost everythingabout the house was managed as they pleased; but as the oldest ofthem were respectable family servants, nothing went very far wrong.
they all, however, waited on euphra with an assiduity that showedshe was, or could be, quite mistress when and where she pleased.
perhaps they had found out that she had great influence with mr.arnold; and certainly he seemed very fond of her indeed, after astately fashion.
she spoke to the servants with peculiargentleness; never said, if you please; but always, thank you.
harrynever asked for anything, but always looked to euphra, who gave thenecessary order.
hugh saw that the boy was quite dependent uponher, seeming of himself scarcely capable of originating the simplestaction.
mr. arnold, however, dull as he was, could not help seeingthat harry's manner was livelier than usual, and seemed pleased atthe slight change already visible for the better.
turning to hughhe said:"do you find harry very much behind with his studies, mr.
"i have not yet attempted to find out," replied hugh.
said mr. arnold, with surprise.
if he be behind, i feel confident it will not be for long."
"but," began mr. arnold, pompously; and then he paused.
"you were kind enough to say, mr. arnold, that i might try my ownplans with him first.
i have been doing so."
but--"here harry broke in with some animation:"mr. sutherland has been my horse, carrying me about on his back allthe morning--no, not all the morning--but an hour, or an hour and ahalf--or was it two hours, mr.
"i really don't know, harry," answered hugh; "i don't think itmatters much."
harry seemed relieved, and went on:"he has been reading gulliver's travels to me--oh, such fall!
andwe have been to see the cows and the pigs; and mr. sutherland hasbeen teaching me to jump.
do you know, papa, he jumped right overthe pony's back without touching it."
mr. arnold stared at the boy with lustreless eyes and hangingchecks.
these grew red, as if he were going to choke.
suchbehaviour was quite inconsistent with the dignity of arnstead andits tutor, who had been recommended to him as a thorough gentleman.
but for the present he said nothing; probably because he couldthink of nothing to say.
"certainly harry seems better already," interposed euphra.
"i cannot help thinking mr. sutherland has made a good beginning."
mr. arnold did not reply, but the cloud wore away from his face bydegrees; and at length he asked hugh to take a glass of wine withhim.
when euphra rose from the table, and harry followed her example,hugh thought it better to rise as well.
mr. arnold seemed tohesitate whether or not to ask him to resume his seat and have aglass of claret.
had he been a little wizened pedagogue, no doubthe would have insisted on his company, sure of acquiescence from himin every sentiment he might happen to utter.
but hugh really lookedso very much like a gentleman, and stated his own views, or adoptedhis own plans, with so much independence, that mr. arnold judged itsafer to keep him at arm's length for a season at least, till heshould thoroughly understand his position--not that of a guest, butthat of his son's tutor, belonging to the household of arnstead onlyon approval.
on leaving the dining-room, hugh hesitated, in his turn, whether tobetake himself to his own room, or to accompany euphra to thedrawing-room, the door of which stood open on the opposite side ofthe hall, revealing a brightness and warmth, which the chill of theevening, and the lowness of the fire in the dining-room, renderedquite enticing.
but euphra, who was half-across the hall, seemingto divine his thoughts, turned, and said, "are you not going tofavour us with your company, mr.
"with pleasure," replied hugh; but, to cover his hesitation, added,"i will be with you presently;" and ran up stairs to his own room.
"the old gentleman sits on his dignity--can hardly be said to standon it," thought he, as he went.
"the poor relation, as she callsherself, treats me like a guest.
she is mistress here, however;that is clear enough."
as he descended the stairs to the drawing-room, a voice rose throughthe house, like the voice of an angel.
at least so thought hugh,hearing it for the first time.
it seemed to take his breath away,as he stood for a moment on the stairs, listening.
it was onlyeuphra singing the flowers of the forest.
the drawing-room door wasstill open, and her voice rang through the wide lofty hall.
heentered almost on tip-toe, that he might lose no thread of the finetones.--had she chosen the song of scotland out of compliment tohim?--she saw him enter, but went on without hesitating even.
inthe high notes, her voice had that peculiar vibratory richness whichbelongs to the nightingale's; but he could not help thinking thatthe low tones were deficient both in quality and volume.
theexpression and execution, however, would have made up for a thousanddefects.
her very soul seemed brooding over the dead upon floddenfield, as she sang this most wailful of melodies--this embodiment ofa nation's grief.
the song died away as if the last breath had gonewith it; failing as it failed, and ceasing with its inspiration, asif the voice that sang lived only for and in the song.
a moment ofintense silence followed.
then, before hugh had half recovered fromthe former, with an almost grand dramatic recoil, as if the secondsprang out of the first, like an eagle of might out of an ocean ofweeping, she burst into scots wha hae.
she might have been a newdeborah, heralding her nation to battle.
hugh was transfixed,turned icy cold, with the excitement of his favourite song sosung.--was that a glance of satisfied triumph with which euphralooked at him for a single moment?--she sang the rest of the song asif the battle were already gained; but looked no more at hugh.
the excellence of her tones, and the lambent fluidity of hertransitions, if i may be allowed the phrase, were made by her artquite subservient to the expression, and owed their chief value tothe share they bore in producing it.
possibly there was a littletoo much of the dramatic in her singing, but it was all in goodtaste; and, in a word, hugh had never heard such singing before.
assoon as she had finished, she rose, and shut the piano.
"do not, do not," faltered hugh, seeking to arrest her hand, as sheclosed the instrument.
"i can sing nothing after that," she said with emotion, or perhapsexcitement; for the trembling of her voice might be attributed toeither cause.
"do not ask me."
hugh respectfully desisted; but after a few minutes' pause venturedto remark:"i cannot understand how you should be able to sing scotch songs sowell.
i never heard any but scotch women sing them, even endurably,before: your singing of them is perfect."
"it seems to me," said euphra, speaking as if she would rather haveremained silent, "that a true musical penetration is independent ofstyles and nationalities.
it can perceive, or rather feel, andreproduce, at the same moment.
if the music speaks scotch, themusical nature hears scotch.
it can take any shape, indeed cannothelp taking any shape, presented to it."
hugh was yet further astonished by this criticism from one whom hehad been criticising with so much carelessness that very day.
"you think, then," said he, modestly, not as if he would bring herto book, but as really seeking to learn from her, "that a truemusical nature can pour itself into the mould of any song, in entireindependence of association and education?"
"yes; in independence of any but what it may provide for itself."
euphrasia, however, had left one important element unrepresented inthe construction of her theory--namely, the degree of capabilitywhich a mind may possess of sympathy with any given class offeelings.
the blossom of the mind, whether it flower in poetry,music, or any other art, must be the exponent of the nature andcondition of that whose blossom it is.
no mind, therefore,incapable of sympathising with the feelings whence it springs, caninterpret the music of another.
and euphra herself was rather aremarkable instance of this forgotten fact.
further conversation on the subject was interrupted by the entranceof mr. arnold, who looked rather annoyed at finding hugh in thedrawing-room, and ordered harry off to bed, with some littleasperity of tone.
the boy rose at once, rang the bell, bade themall good night, and went.
a servant met him at the door with acandle, and accompanied him.
thought hugh: "here are several things to be righted at once.
theboy must not have wine; and he must have only one dinnera-day--especially if he is ordered to bed so early.
i must make aman of him if i can."
he made inquiries, and, with some difficulty, found out where theboy slept.
during the night he was several times in harry's room,and once in happy time to wake him from a nightmare dream.
the boywas so overcome with terror, that hugh got into bed beside him andcomforted him to sleep in his arms.
nor did he leave him till itwas time to get up, when he stole back to his own quarters, which,happily, were at no very great distance.
i may mention here, that it was not long before hugh succeeded instopping the wine, and reducing the dinner to a mouthful of supper.
harry, as far as he was concerned, yielded at once; and his fatheronly held out long enough to satisfy his own sense of dignity.
all knowledge and wonder (which is the seed of knowledge) is animpression of pleasure in itself.
lord bacon.--advancement of learning.
the following morning dawned in a cloud; which, swathed about thetrees, wetted them down to the roots, without having time to becomerain.
they drank it in like sorrow, the only material out of whichtrue joy can be fashioned.
this cloud of mist would yet glimmer ina new heaven, namely, in the cloud of blooms which would clothe thelimes and the chestnuts and the beeches along the ghost's walk.
butthere was gloomy weather within doors as well; for poor harry wasespecially sensitive to variations of the barometer, without beingin the least aware of the fact himself.
again hugh found him in thelibrary, seated in his usual corner, with polexander on his knees.
he half dropped the book when hugh entered, and murmured with asigh:"it's no use; i can't read it."
"what's the matter, harry?"
said his tutor.
"i should like to tell you, but you will laugh at me."
"i shall never laugh at you, harry."
"then tell me how i can be sure that i have read this book."
"i do not quite understand you."
i was sure nobody could be so stupid as i am.
do you know,mr. sutherland, i seem to have read a page from top to bottomsometimes, and when i come to the bottom i know nothing about it,and doubt whether i have read it at all; and then i stare at it allover again, till i grow so queer, and sometimes nearly scream.
yousee i must be able to say i have read the book."
nobody will ever ask you."
"perhaps not; but you know that is nothing.
i want to know that ihave read the book--really and truly read it."
hugh thought for a moment, and seemed to see that the boy, not beingstrong enough to be a law to himself, just needed a benign law fromwithout, to lift him from the chaos of feeble and conflictingnotions and impulses within, which generated a false law of slavery.
so he said:"harry, am i your big brother?"
"then, ought you to do what i wish, or what you wish yourself?"
"what you wish, sir."
"then i want you to put away that book for a month at least."
"oh, mr. sutherland!
"but i am above you; and i want you to do as i tell you.
"put away the book, then."
harry sprang to his feet, put the book on its shelf, and, going upto hugh, said,"you have done it, not me."
the notions of a hypochondriacal child will hardly be interesting tothe greater part of my readers; but hugh learned from this a littlelesson about divine law which he never forgot.
"now, harry," added he, "you must not open a book till i allow you."
"no poetry, either?"
said poor harry; and his face fell.
"i don't mind poetry so much; but of prose i will read as much toyou as will be good for you.
come, let us have a bit of gulliveragain."
"oh, how delightful!"
"i am so glad you made me putaway that tiresome book.
i wonder why it insisted so on beingread."
hugh read for an hour, and then made harry put on his cloak,notwithstanding the rain, which fell in a slow thoughtful springshower.
taking the boy again on his back, he carried him into thewoods.
there he told him how the drops of wet sank into the ground,and then went running about through it in every direction, lookingfor seeds: which were all thirsty little things, that wanted togrow, and could not, till a drop came and gave them drink.
and hetold him how the rain-drops were made up in the skies, and then camedown, like millions of angels, to do what they were told in the darkearth.
the good drops went into all the cellars and dungeons of theearth, to let out the imprisoned flowers.
and he told him how theseeds, when they had drunk the rain-drops, wanted another kind ofdrink next, which was much thinner and much stronger, but could notdo them any good till they had drunk the rain first.
"what is that?"
"i feel as if you were reading out ofthe bible, mr.
"it is the sunlight," answered his tutor.
"when a seed has drunk ofthe water, and is not thirsty any more, it wants to breathe next;and then the sun sends a long, small finger of fire down into thegrave where the seed is lying; and it touches the seed, andsomething inside the seed begins to move instantly and to growbigger and bigger, till it sends two green blades out of it into theearth, and through the earth into the air; and then it can breathe.
and then it sends roots down into the earth; and the roots keepdrinking water, and the leaves keep breathing the air, and the sunkeeps them alive and busy; and so a great tree grows up, and godlooks at it, and says it is good."
"then they really are living things?"
"thank you, mr. sutherland.
i don't think i shall dislike rain somuch any more."
hugh took him next into the barn, where they found a great heap ofstraw.
recalling his own boyish amusements, he made him put off hiscloak, and help to make a tunnel into this heap.
harry wasdelighted--the straw was so nice, and bright, and dry, and clean.
they drew it out by handfuls, and thus excavated a round tunnel tothe distance of six feet or so; when hugh proceeded to more extendedoperations.
before it was time to go to lunch, they had clearedhalf of a hollow sphere, six feet in diameter, out of the heart ofthe heap.
after lunch, for which harry had been very unwilling to relinquishthe straw hut, hugh sent him to lie down for a while; when he fellfast asleep as before.
after he had left the room, euphra said:"how do you get on with harry, mr.
"perfectly to my satisfaction," answered hugh.
"do you not find him very slow?"
"quite the contrary."
"you surprise me.
but you have not given him any lessons yet."
"i have given him a great many, and he is learning them very fast."
"i fear he will have forgotten all my poor labours before you takeup the work where we left it.
when will you give him anybook-lessons?"
"not for a while yet."
euphra did not reply.
her silence seemed intended to expressdissatisfaction; at least so hugh interpreted it.
"i hope you do not think it is to indulge myself that i managemaster harry in this peculiar fashion," he said.
"the fact is, he isa very peculiar child, and may turn out a genius or a weakling, justas he is managed.
at least so it appears to me at present.
may iask where you left the work you were doing with him?"
"he was going through the eton grammar for the third time," answeredeuphra, with a defiant glance, almost of dislike, at hugh.
"but ineed not enumerate his studies, for i daresay you will not take themup at all after my fashion.
i only assure you i have been a veryexact disciplinarian.
what he knows, i think you will find he knowsthoroughly."
so saying, euphra rose, and with a flush on her cheek, walked out ofthe room in a more stately manner than usual.
hugh felt that he had, somehow or other, offended her.
but, to tellthe truth, he did not much care, for her manner had rather irritatedhim.
he retired to his own room, wrote to his mother, and, whenharry awoke, carried him again to the barn for an hour's work in thestraw.
before it grew dusk, they had finished a little, silent,dark chamber, as round as they could make it, in the heart of thestraw.
all the excavated material they had thrown on the top,reserving only a little to close up the entrance when they pleased.
the next morning was still rainy; and when hugh found harry in thelibrary as usual, he saw that the clouds had again gathered over theboy's spirit.
he was pacing about the room in a very odd manner.
the carpet was divided diamond-wise in a regular pattern.
harry'ssteps were, for the most part, planted upon every third diamond, ashe slowly crossed the floor in a variety of directions; for, as onprevious occasions, he had not perceived the entrance of his tutor.
but, every now and then, the boy would make the most sudden andirregular change in his mode of progression, setting his foot on themost unexpected diamond, at one time the nearest to him, at anotherthe farthest within his reach.
when he looked up, and saw his tutorwatching him, he neither started nor blushed: but, still retainingon his countenance the perplexed, anxious expression which hugh hadremarked, said to him:"how can god know on which of those diamonds i am going to set myfoot next?"
"if you could understand how god knows, harry, then you would knowyourself; but before you have made up your mind, you don't knowwhich you will choose; and even then you only know on which youintend to set your foot; for you have often changed your mind aftermaking it up."
harry looked as puzzled as before.
"why, harry, to understand how god understands, you would need to beas wise as he is; so it is no use trying.
you see you can't quiteunderstand me, though i have a real meaning in what i say."
i see it is no use; but i can't bear to be puzzled."
"but you need not be puzzled; you have no business to be puzzled.
you are trying to get into your little brain what is far too grandand beautiful to get into it.
would you not think it very stupid topuzzle yourself how to put a hundred horses into a stable withtwelve stalls?"
harry laughed, and looked relieved.
"it is more unreasonable a thousand times to try to understand suchthings.
for my part, it would make me miserable to think that therewas nothing but what i could understand.
i should feel as if i hadno room anywhere.
shall we go to our cave again?"
yes, please," cried harry; and in a moment he was on hugh'sback once more, cantering joyously to the barn.
after various improvements, including some enlargement of theinterior, hugh and harry sat down together in the low yellowtwilight of their cave, to enjoy the result of their labours.
theycould just see, by the light from the tunnel, the glimmer of thegolden hollow all about them.
the rain was falling heavilyout-of-doors; and they could hear the sound of the multitudinousdrops of the broken cataract of the heavens like the murmur of theinsects in a summer wood.
they knew that everything outside wasrained upon, and was again raining on everything beneath it, whilethey were dry and warm.
"this is nice!"
exclaimed harry, after a few moments of silentenjoyment.
"this is your first lesson in architecture," said hugh.
"am i to learn architecture?"
asked harry, in a rueful tone.
"it is well to know how things came to be done, if you should knownothing more about them, harry.
men lived in the cellars first ofall, and next on the ground floor; but they could get no furthertill they joined the two, and then they could build higher."
"i don't quite understand you, sir."
"i did not mean you should, harry."
"then i don't mind, sir.
but i thought architecture was building."
"so it is; and this is one way of building.
it is only making anoutside by pulling out an inside, instead of making an inside bysetting up an outside."
harry thought for a while, and then said joyfully:"i see it, sir!
i see it.
the inside is the chief thing--not theoutside."
"yes, harry; and not in architecture only.
never forget that."
they lay for some time in silence, listening to the rain.
at lengthharry spoke:"i have been thinking of what you told me yesterday, mr. sutherland,about the rain going to look for the seeds that were thirsty for it.
and now i feel just as if i were a seed, lying in its little holein the earth, and hearing the rain-drops pattering down all aboutit, waiting--oh, so thirsty!--for some kind drop to find me out, andgive me itself to drink.
i wonder what kind of flower i should growup," added he, laughing.
"there is more truth than you think, in your pretty fancy, harry,"rejoined hugh, and was silent--self-rebuked; for the memory of davidcame back upon him, recalled by the words of the boy; of david, whomhe loved and honoured with the best powers of his nature, and whomyet he had neglected and seemed to forget; nay, whom he hadpartially forgotten--he could not deny.
the old man, whose thoughtswere just those of a wise child, had said to him once:"we ken no more, maister sutherlan', what we're growin' till, thanthat neep-seed there kens what a neep is, though a neep it will be.
the only odds is, that we ken that we dinna ken, and the neep-seedkens nothing at all aboot it.
but ae thing, maister sutherlan', wemay be sure o': that, whatever it be, it will be worth god's makin'an' our growin'."
a solemn stillness fell upon hugh's spirit, as he recalled thesewords; out of which stillness, i presume, grew the little parablewhich follows; though hugh, after he had learned far more about thethings therein hinted at, could never understand how it was, that hecould have put so much more into it, than he seemed to haveunderstood at that period of his history.
for harry said:"wouldn't this be a nice place for a story, mr. sutherland?
do youever tell stories, sir?"
"i was just thinking of one, harry; but it is as much yours as mine,for you sowed the seed of the story in my mind."
"do you mean a story that never was in a book--a story out of yourown head?
that will be grand!"
"wait till we see what it will be, harry; for i can't tell you howit will turn out."
after a little further pause, hugh began:"long, long ago, two seeds lay beside each other in the earth,waiting.
it was cold, and rather wearisome; and, to beguile thetime, the one found means to speak to the other.
"'what are you going to be?'
said the one.
"'i don't know,' answered the other.
"'for me,' rejoined the first, 'i mean to be a rose.
there isnothing like a splendid rose.
everybody will love me then!'
"'it's all right,' whispered the second; and that was all he couldsay; for somehow when he had said that, he felt as if all the wordsin the world were used up.
so they were silent again for a day ortwo.
cried the first, 'i have had some water.
i never knewtill it was inside me.
repeated the other, and lay still; and waited more thanever.
"the first grew and grew, pushing itself straight up, till at lastit felt that it was in the open air, for it could breathe.
and whata delicious breath that was!
it was rather cold, but so refreshing.
the flower could see nothing, for it was not quite a flower yet,only a plant; and they never see till their eyes come, that is, tillthey open their blossoms--then they are flowers quite.
so it grewand grew, and kept its head up very steadily, meaning to see the skythe first thing, and leave the earth quite behind as well as beneathit.
but somehow or other, though why it could not tell, it feltvery much inclined to cry.
at length it opened its eye.
it wasmorning, and the sky was over its head; but, alas!
itself was norose--only a tiny white flower.
it felt yet more inclined to hangdown its head and to cry; but it still resisted, and tried hard toopen its eye wide, and to hold its head upright, and to look full atthe sky.
"'i will be a star of bethlehem at least!'
said the flower toitself.
"but its head felt very heavy; and a cold wind rushed over it, andbowed it down towards the earth.
and the flower saw that the timeof the singing of birds was not come, that the snow covered thewhole land, and that there was not a single flower in sight butitself.
and it half-closed its leaves in terror and the dismay ofloneliness.
but that instant it remembered what the other flowerused to say; and it said to itself: 'it's all right; i will be whati can.'
and thereon it yielded to the wind, drooped its head to theearth, and looked no more on the sky, but on the snow.
andstraightway the wind stopped, and the cold died away, and the snowsparkled like pearls and diamonds; and the flower knew that it wasthe holding of its head up that had hurt it so; for that its bodycame of the snow, and that its name was snow-drop.
and so it saidonce more, 'it's all right!'
and waited in perfect peace.
all therest it needed was to hang its head after its nature."
"and what became of the other?"
"i haven't done with this one yet," answered hugh.
"i only told youit was waiting.
one day a pale, sad-looking girl, with thin face,large eyes, and long white hands, came, hanging her head like thesnowdrop, along the snow where the flower grew.
she spied it,smiled joyously, and saying, 'ah!
my little sister, are you come?'
stooped and plucked the snowdrop.
it trembled and died in her hand;which was a heavenly death for a snowdrop; for had it not cast agleam of summer, pale as it had been itself, upon the heart of asick girl?"
"and the other?"
"the other had a long time to wait; but it did grow one of theloveliest roses ever seen.
and at last it had the highest honourever granted to a flower: two lovers smelled it together, and werecontent with it."
harry was silent, and so was hugh; for he could not understandhimself quite.
he felt, all the time he was speaking, is if he werelistening to david, instead of talking himself.
the fact was, hewas only expanding, in an imaginative soil, the living seed whichdavid had cast into it.
there seemed to himself to be more in hisparable than he had any right to invent.
but is it not so with allstories that are rightly rooted in the human?
"what a delightful story, mr.
said harry, at last.
"euphra tells me stories sometimes; but i don't think i ever heardone i liked so much.
i wish we were meant to grow into something,like the flower-seeds."
"so we are, harry."
"are we indeed?
how delightful it would be to think that i am onlya seed, mr. sutherland!
do you think i might think so?"
"yes, i do."
"then, please, let me begin to learn something directly.
i haven'thad anything disagreeable to do since you came; and i don't feel asif that was right."
poor harry, like so many thousands of good people, had not yetlearned that god is not a hard task-master.
"i don't intend that you should have anything disagreeable to do, ifi can help it.
we must do such things when they come to us; but wemust not make them for ourselves, or for each other."
"then i'm not to learn any more latin, am i?"
said harry, in adoubtful kind of tone, as if there were after all a little pleasurein doing what he did not like.
"is latin so disagreeable, harry?"
"yes; it is rule after rule, that has nothing in it i care for.
howcan anybody care for latin?
but i am quite ready to begin, if i amonly a seed--really, you know."
"not yet, harry.
indeed, we shall not begin again--i won't letyou--till you ask me with your whole heart, to let you learn latin."
"i am afraid that will be a long time, and euphra will not like it."
"i will talk to her about it.
but perhaps it will not be so long asyou think.
now, don't mention latin to me again, till you are readyto ask me, heartily, to teach you.
and don't give yourself anytrouble about it either.
you never can make yourself likeanything."
harry was silent.
they returned to the house, through the pouringrain; harry, as usual, mounted on his big brother.
as they crossed the hall, mr. arnold came in.
he looked surprisedand annoyed.
hugh set harry down, who ran upstairs to get dressedfor dinner; while he himself half-stopped, and turned towards mr.arnold.
but mr. arnold did not speak, and so hugh followed harry.
hugh spent all that evening, after harry had gone to bed, incorrecting his impressions of some of the chief stories of earlyroman history; of which stories he intended commencing a littlecourse to harry the next day.
meantime there was very little intercourse between hugh and euphra,whose surname, somehow or other, hugh had never inquired after.
hedisliked asking questions about people to an uncommon degree, and sopreferred waiting for a natural revelation.
her later behaviour hadrepelled him, impressing him with the notion that she was proud, andthat she had made up her mind, notwithstanding her apparentfrankness at first, to keep him at a distance.
that she was fitful,too, and incapable of showing much tenderness even to poor harry, hehad already concluded in his private judgment-hall.
nor could hedoubt that, whether from wrong theories, incapacity, or culpableindifference, she must have taken very bad measures indeed with heryoung pupil.
the next day resembled the two former; with this difference, thatthe rain fell in torrents.
seated in their strawy bower, they caredfor no rain.
they were safe from the whole world, and all thetempers of nature.
then hugh told harry about the slow beginnings and the mighty birthof the great roman people.
he told him tales of their battles andconquests; their strifes at home, and their wars abroad.
he toldhim stories of their grand men, great with the individuality oftheir nation and their own.
he told him their characters, theirpeculiar opinions and grounds of action, and the results of theirvarious schemes for their various ends.
he told him about theirlove to their country, about their poetry and their religion; theircourage, and their hardihood; their architecture, their clothes, andtheir armour; their customs and their laws; but all in suchlanguage, or mostly in such language, as one boy might use intelling another of the same age; for hugh possessed the gift of ageneral simplicity of thought, one of the most valuable a man canhave.
it cost him a good deal of labour (well-repaid in itself, notto speak of the evident delight of harry), to make himself perfectlycompetent for this; but he had a good foundation of knowledge towork upon.
this went on for a long time after the period to which i am now moreimmediately confined.
every time they stopped to rest from theirrambles or games--as often, in fact, as they sat down alone, harry'sconstant request was:"now, mr. sutherland, mightn't we have something more about theromans?"
and mr. sutherland gave him something more.
but all this time henever uttered the word--latin.
for there is neither buske nor hayin may, that it n'ill shrouded bene,and it with newé leavés wrene;these woodés eke recoveren grene,that drie in winter ben to sene,and the erth waxeth proud withall,for swoté dewes that on it fall,and the poore estate forget,in which that winter had it set:and than becomes the ground so proude,that it wol have a newé shroude,and maketh so queint his robe and faire,that it hath hewes an hundred paire,of grasse and floures, of ind and pers,and many hewés full divers:that is the robe i mean, ywis,through which the ground to praisen is.
chaucer's translation of the romaunt of the rose.
so passed the three days of rain.
after breakfast the followingmorning, hugh went to find harry, according to custom, in thelibrary.
he was reading.
"what are you reading, harry?"
"a poem," said harry; and, rising as before, he brought the book tohugh.
it was mrs. hemans's poems.
"you are fond of poetry, harry."
"whose poems do you like best?"
"mrs. hemans's, of course.
don't you think she is the best, sir?"
"she writes very beautiful verses, harry.
which poem are youreading now?"
one of my favourites--the voice of spring."
"who taught you to like mrs.
"euphra, of course."
"will you read the poem to me?"
harry began, and read the poem through, with much taste and evidentenjoyment; an enjoyment which seemed, however, to spring more fromthe music of the thought and its embodiment in sound, than fromsympathy with the forms of nature called up thereby.
this was shownby his mode of reading, in which the music was everything, and thesense little or nothing.
when he came to the line,     "and the larch has hung all his tassels forth,"he smiled so delightedly, that hugh said:"are you fond of the larch, harry?"
"are there any about here?"
"i don't know.
what is it like?"
"you said you were fond of it."
"oh, yes; it is a tree with beautiful tassels, you know.
i think ishould like to see one.
isn't it a beautiful line?"
"when you have finished the poem, we will go and see if we can findone anywhere in the woods.
we must know where we are in the world,harry--what is all round about us, you know."
"oh, yes," said harry; "let us go and hunt the larch."
"perhaps we shall meet spring, if we look for her--perhaps hear hervoice, too."
"that would be delightful," answered harry, smiling.
and away theywent.
i may just mention here that mrs. hemans was allowed to retiregradually, till at last she was to be found only in the moreinaccessible recesses of the library-shelves; while by that timeharry might be heard, not all over the house, certainly, but as faroff as outside the closed door of the library, reading aloud tohimself one or other of macaulay's ballads, with an evidentenjoyment of the go in it.
a story with drum and trumpetaccompaniment was quite enough, for the present, to satisfy harry;and macaulay could give him that, if little more.
as they went across the lawn towards the shrubbery, on their way tolook for larches and spring, euphra joined them in walking dress.
it was a lovely morning.
"i have taken you at your word, you see, mr. sutherland," said she.
"i don't want to lose my harry quite."
"you dear kind euphra!"
said harry, going round to her side andtaking her hand.
he did not stay long with her, however, nor dideuphra seem particularly to want him.
"there was one thing i ought to have mentioned to you the othernight, mr. sutherland; and i daresay i should have mentioned it, hadnot mr. arnold interrupted our tête-à-tête.
i feel now as if i hadbeen guilty of claiming far more than i have a right to, on thescore of musical insight.
i have scotch blood in me, and was indeedborn in scotland, though i left it before i was a year old.
mymother, mr. arnold's sister, married a gentleman who was halfsootch; and i was born while they were on a visit to his relatives,the camerons of lochnie.
his mother, my grandmother, was a bohemianlady, a countess with sixteen quarterings--not a gipsy, i beg tosay."
hugh thought she might have been, to judge from present appearances.
but how was he to account for this torrent of genealogicalinformation, into which the ice of her late constraint had suddenlythawed?
it was odd that she should all at once volunteer so muchabout herself.
perhaps she had made up one of those minds whichneed making up, every now and then, like a monthly magazine; and nowwas prepared to publish it.
hugh responded with a question:"do i know your name, then, at last?
you are miss cameron?"
"euphrasia cameron; at your service, sir."
and she dropped a gaylittle courtesy to hugh, looking up at him with a flash of her blackdiamonds.
"then you must sing to me to-night."
"with all the pleasure in gipsy-land," replied she, with a secondcourtesy, lower than the first; taking for granted, no doubt, hissilent judgment on her person and complexion.
by this time they had reached the woods in a different quarter fromthat which hugh had gone through the other day with harry.
andhere, in very deed, the spring met them, with a profusion ofrichness to which hugh was quite a stranger.
the ground wascarpeted with primroses, and anemones, and other spring flowers,which are the loveliest of all flowers.
they were drinking thesunlight, which fell upon them through the budded boughs.
by thetime the light should be hidden from them by the leaves, which arethe clouds of the lower firmament of the woods, their need of itwould be gone: exquisites in living, they cared only for thedelicate morning of the year.
"do look at this darling, mr.
exclaimed euphrasiasuddenly, as she bent at the root of a great beech, where grew alarge bush of rough leaves, with one tiny but perfectly-formedprimrose peeping out between.
"is it not a little pet?--alleyes--all one eye staring out of its curtained bed to see what everis going on in the world.--you had better lie down again: it is nota nice place."
she spoke to it as if it had been a kitten or a baby.
and as shespoke, she pulled the leaves yet closer over the little starer so asto hide it quite.
as they went on, she almost obtrusively avoided stepping on theflowers, saying she almost felt cruel, or at least rude, when shedid so.
yet she trailed her dress over them in quite a carelessway, not lifting it at all.
this was a peculiarity of hers, whichhugh never understood till he understood herself.
all about in shady places, the ferns were busy untucking themselvesfrom their grave-clothes, unrolling their mysterious coils of life,adding continually to the hidden growth as they unfolded thevisible.
in this, they were like the other revelations of god theinfinite.
all the wild lovely things were coming up for theirmonth's life of joy.
orchis-harlequins, cuckoo-plants, wild arums,more properly lords-and-ladies, were coming, and coming--slowly; forhad they not a long way to come, from the valley of the shadow ofdeath into the land of life?
at last the wanderers came upon awhole company of bluebells--not what hugh would have calledbluebells, for the bluebells of scotland are the single-poisedharebells--but wild hyacinths, growing in a damp and shady spot, inwonderful luxuriance.
they were quite three feet in height, withlong, graceful, drooping heads; hanging down from them, all alongone side, the largest and loveliest of bells--one lying close abovethe other, on the lower part; while they parted thinner and thinneras they rose towards the lonely one at the top.
miss cameron wentinto ecstasies over these; not saying much, but breaking up what shedid say with many prettily passionate pauses.
she had a very happy turn for seeing external resemblances, eitherhumorous or pathetic; for she had much of one element that goes tothe making of a poet--namely, surface impressibility.
"look, harry; they are all sad at having to go down there again sosoon.
they are looking at their graves so ruefully."
harry looked sad and rather sentimental immediately.
when hughglanced at miss cameron, he saw tears in her eyes.
"you have nothing like this in your country, have you, mr.
said she, with an apparent effort.
"no, indeed," answered hugh.
and he said no more.
for a vision rose before him of the ruggedpine-wood and the single primrose; and of the thoughtful maiden,with unpolished speech and rough hands, and--but this he did notsee--a soul slowly refining itself to a crystalline clearness.
andhe thought of the grand old grey-haired david, and of janet with herquaint motherhood, and of all the blessed bareness of the ancienttime--in sunlight and in snow; and he felt again that he hadforgotten and forsaken his friends.
"how the fairies will be ringing the bells in these airy steeples inthe moonlight!"
said miss cameron to harry, who was surprised anddelighted with it all.
he could not help wondering, however, afterhe went to bed that night, that euphra had never before taken him tosee these beautiful things, and had never before said anything halfso pretty to him, as the least pretty thing she had said about theflowers that morning when they were out with mr. sutherland.
hadmr. sutherland anything to do with it?
was he giving euphra alesson in flowers such as he had given him in pigs?
miss cameron presently drew hugh into conversation again, and theold times were once more forgotten for a season.
they were worthyof distinguishing note--that trio in those spring woods: the boywaking up to feel that flowers and buds were lovelier in the woodsthan in verses; euphra finding everything about her sentimentallyuseful, and really delighting in the prettinesses they suggested toher; and hugh regarding the whole chiefly as a material and meansfor reproducing in verse such impressions of delight as he hadreceived and still received from all (but the highest) poetry aboutnature.
the presence of harry and his necessities was certainly asaving influence upon hugh; but, however much he sought to realizeharry's life, he himself, at this period of his history, enjoyedeverything artistically far more than humanly.
margaret would have walked through all this infant summer withoutspeaking at all, but with a deep light far back in her quiet eyes.
perhaps she would not have had many thoughts about the flowers.
rather she would have thought the very flowers themselves; wouldhave been at home with them, in a delighted oneness with their lifeand expression.
certainly she would have walked through them withreverence, and would not have petted or patronised nature by sayingpretty things about her children.
their life would have enteredinto her, and she would have hardly known it from her own.
idaresay miss cameron would have called a mountain a darling or abeauty.
but there are other ways of showing affection than bypatting and petting--though margaret, for her part, would haveneeded no art-expression, because she had the things themselves.
itis not always those who utter best who feel most; and the dumb poetsare sometimes dumb because it would need the "large utterance of theearly gods" to carry their thoughts through the gates of speech.
but the fancy and skin-sympathy of miss cameron began already totell upon hugh.
he knew very little of women, and had never heard awoman talk as she talked.
he did not know how cheap thisaccomplishment is, and took it for sensibility, imaginativeness, andeven originality.
he thought she was far more en rapport withnature than he was.
it was much easier to make this mistake afterhearing the really delightful way in which she sang.
certainly shecould not have sung so, perhaps not even have talked so, except shehad been capable of more; but to be capable of more, and to be ablefor more, are two very distinct conditions.
many walks followed this, extending themselves farther and fartherfrom home, as harry's strength gradually improved.
it was quiteremarkable how his interest in everything external increased, inexact proportion as he learned to see into the inside or life of it.
with most children, the interest in the external comes first, andwith many ceases there.
but it is in reality only a shallower formof the deeper sympathy; and in those cases where it does lead to adesire after the hidden nature of things, it is perhaps the betterbeginning of the two.
in such exceptional cases as harry's, it isof unspeakable importance that both the difference and the identityshould be recognized; and in doing so, hugh became to harry his bigbrother indeed, for he led him where he could not go alone.
as often as mr. arnold was from home, which happened notunfrequently, miss cameron accompanied them in their rambles.
shegave as her reason for doing so only on such occasions, that shenever liked to be out of the way when her uncle might want her.
traces of an inclination to quarrel with hugh, or even to standupon her dignity, had all but vanished; and as her vivacity neverfailed her, as her intellect was always active, and as by theexercise of her will she could enter sympathetically, or appear toenter, into everything, her presence was not in the least arestraint upon them.
on one occasion, when harry had actually run a little way after abutterfly, hugh said to her:"what did you mean, miss cameron, by saying you were only a poorrelation?
you are certainly mistress of the house."
"on sufferance, yes.
but i am only a poor relation.
i have nofortune of my own."
"but mr. arnold does not treat you as such."
he likes me.
he is very kind to me.--he gave me this ringon my last birthday.
is it not a beauty?"
she pulled off her glove and showed a very fine diamond on a fingerworthy of the ornament.
"it is more like a gentleman's, is it not?"
she added, drawing itoff.
"let me see how it would look on your hand."
she gave the ring to hugh; who, laughing, got it with somedifficulty just over the first joint of his little finger, and heldit up for euphra to see.
i see i cannot ask you to wear it for me," said she.
"i don'tlike it myself.
i am afraid, however," she added, with an archlook, "my uncle would not like it either--on your finger.
put it onmine again."
holding her hand towards hugh, she continued:"it must not be promoted just yet.
besides, i see you have a stillbetter one of your own."
as hugh did according to her request, the words sprang to his lips,"there are other ways of wearing a ring than on the finger."
butthey did not cross the threshold of speech.
was it the repressionof them that caused that strange flutter and slight pain at theheart, which he could not quite understand?
those lips that love's own hand did makebreathed forth the sound that said, "i hate,"to me that languished for her sake:but when she saw my woeful state,straight in her heart did mercy come,chiding that tongue that, ever sweet,was used in giving gentle doom,and taught it thus anew to greet:"i hate" she altered with an end,that followed it as gentle daydoth follow night, who, like a fiend,from heaven to hell is flown away.
"i hate" from hate away she threw,and saved my life, saying--"not you."
mr. arnold was busy at home for a few days after this, and hugh andharry had to go out alone.
one day, when the wind was rather cold,they took refuge in the barn; for it was part of hugh's especialcare that harry should be rendered hardy, by never being exposed tomore than he could bear without a sense of suffering.
as soon asthe boy began to feel fatigue, or cold, or any other discomfort, histutor took measures accordingly.
harry would have crept into the straw-house; but hugh said, pullinga book out of his pocket,"i have a poem here for you, harry.
i want to read it to you now;and we can't see in there."
they threw themselves down on the straw, and hugh, opening a volumeof robert browning's poems, read the famous ride from ghent to aix.
he knew the poem well, and read it well.
harry was in raptures.
"i wish i could read that as you do," said he.
"try," said hugh.
harry tried the first verse, and threw the book down in disgust withhimself.
"why cannot i read it?"
"because you can't ride."
"i could ride, if i had such a horse as that to ride upon."
"but you could never have such a horse as that except you couldride, and ride well, first.
after that, there is no saying but youmight get one.
you might, in fact, train one for yourself--tillfrom being a little foal it became your own wonderful horse."
that would be delightful!
will you teach me horses as well,mr.
"perhaps i will."
that evening, at dinner, hugh said to mr. arnold:"could you let me have a horse to-morrow morning, mr.
mr. arnold stared a little, as he always did at anything new.
buthugh went on:"harry and i want to have a ride to-morrow; and i expect we shalllike it so much, that we shall want to ride very often."
"yes, that we shall!"
"could not mr. sutherland have your white mare, euphra?"
said mr.arnold, reconciled at once to the proposal.
"i would rather not, if you don't mind, uncle.
my fatty is not usedto such a burden as i fear mr. sutherland would prove.
she drops alittle now, on the hard road."
the fact was, euphra would want fatima.
"well, harry," said mr. arnold, graciously pleased to be facetious,"don't you think your welsh dray-horse could carry mr.
papa, do you know, mr. sutherland set him up on hishind legs yesterday, and made him walk on them like a dancing-dog.
he was going to lift him, but he kicked about so when he felthimself leaving the ground, that he tumbled mr. sutherland into thehorse-trough."
even the solemn face of the butler relaxed into a smile, but mr.arnold's clouded instead.
his boy's tutor ought to be a gentleman.
"wasn't it fun, mr.
"it was to you, you little rogue!"
said sutherland, laughing.
"and how you did run home, dripping like a water-cart!--and all thedogs after you!"
mr. arnold's monotonous solemnity soon checked harry's prattle.
"i will see, mr. sutherland, what i can do to mount you."
"i don't care what it is," said hugh; who though by no means athorough horseman, had been from boyhood in the habit of mountingeverything in the shape of a horse that he could lay hands upon,from a cart-horse upwards and downwards.
"there's an old bay that would carry me very well."
"that is my own horse, mr.
this stopped the conversation in that direction.
but next morningafter breakfast, an excellent chestnut horse was waiting at thedoor, along with harry's new pony.
mr. arnold would see them gooff.
this did not exactly suit miss cameron, but if she frowned, itwas when nobody saw her.
hugh put harry up himself, told him tostick fast with his knees, and then mounted his chestnut.
as theytrotted slowly down the avenue, euphrasia heard mr. arnold say tohimself, "the fellow sits well, at all events."
she took care tomake herself agreeable to hugh by reporting this, with the omissionof the initiatory epithet, however.
harry returned from his ride rather tired, but in high spirits.
he cried, "mr. sutherland is such a rider!
he jumpshedges and ditches and everything.
and he has promised to teach meand my pony to jump too.
and if i am not too tired, we are to beginto-morrow, out on the common.
the little fellow's heart was full of the sense of growing life andstrength, and hugh was delighted with his own success.
he caughtsight of a serpentine motion in euphra's eyebrows, as she bent herface again over the work from which she had lifted it on theirentrance.
he addressed her.
"you will be glad to hear that harry has ridden like a man."
"i am glad to hear it, harry."
why did she reply to the subject of the remark, and not to thespeaker?
hugh perplexed himself in vain to answer this question;but a very small amount of experience would have made him able tounderstand at once as much of her behaviour as was genuine.
atluncheon she spoke only in reply; and then so briefly, as not toafford the smallest peg on which to hang a response.
"what can be the matter?"
"what a peculiar creatureshe is!
but after what has passed between us, i can't stand this."
when dinner was over that evening, she rose as usual and left theroom, followed by hugh and harry; but as soon as they were in thedrawing-room, she left it; and, returning to the dining-room,resumed her seat at the table.
"take a glass of claret, euphra, dear?"
said mr. arnold.
"i will, if you please, uncle.
i should like it.
i have seldom aminute with you alone now."
evidently flattered, mr. arnold poured out a glass of claret, roseand carried it to his niece himself, and then took a chair besideher.
"thank you, dear uncle," she said, with one of her bewitchingflashes of smile.
"harry has been getting on bravely with his riding, has he not?"
"so it would appear."
harry had been full of the story of the day at the dinner-table,where he still continued to present himself; for his father wouldnot be satisfied without him.
it was certainly good moral trainingfor the boy, to sit there almost without eating; and none the worsethat he found it rather hard sometimes.
he talked much more freelynow, and asked the servants for anything he wanted without referringto euphra.
now and then he would glance at her, as if afraid ofoffending her; but the cords which bound him to her were evidentlyrelaxing; and she saw it plainly enough, though she made noreference to the unpleasing fact.
"i am only a little fearful, uncle, lest mr. sutherland should urgethe boy to do more than his strength will admit of.
he isexceedingly kind to him, but he has evidently never known whatweakness is himself."
"true, there is danger of that.
but you see he has taken him soentirely into his own hands.
i don't seem to be allowed a word inthe matter of his education any more."
mr. arnold spoke with thepeevishness of weak importance.
"i wish you would take care that hedoes not carry things too far, euphra."
this was just what euphra wanted.
"i think, if you do not disapprove, uncle, i will have fatimasaddled to-morrow morning, and go with them myself."
"thank you, my love; i shall be much obliged to you."
the glass ofclaret was soon finished after this.
a little more conversationabout nothing followed, and euphra rose the second time, andreturned to the drawing-room.
she found it unoccupied.
she satdown to the piano, and sang song after song--scotch, italian, andbohemian.
but hugh did not make his appearance.
the fact was, hewas busy writing to his mother, whom he had rather neglected sincehe came.
writing to her made him think of david, and he began aletter to him too; but it was never finished, and never sent.
hedid not return to the drawing-room that evening.
indeed, except fora short time, while mr. arnold was drinking his claret, he seldomshowed himself there.
had euphra repelled him too much--hurt him?
she would make up for it to-morrow.
breakfast was scarcely over, when the chestnut and the pony passedthe window, accompanied by a lovely little arab mare, broad-chestedand light-limbed, with a wonderfully small head.
she was white assnow, with keen, dark eyes.
her curb-rein was red instead of white.
hearing their approach, and begging her uncle to excuse her, euphrarose from the table, and left the room; but re-appeared in awonderfully little while, in a well-fitted riding-habit of blackvelvet, with a belt of dark red leather clasping a waist of theroundest and smallest.
her little hat, likewise black, had a singlelong, white feather, laid horizontally within the upturned brim, anddrooping over it at the back.
her white mare would be just theright pedestal for the dusky figure--black eyes, tawny skin, andall.
as she stood ready to mount, and hugh was approaching to puther up, she called the groom, seemed just to touch his hand, and wasin the saddle in a moment, foot in stirrup, and skirt falling overit.
hugh thought she was carrying out the behaviour of yesterday,and was determined to ask her what it meant.
the little arab beganto rear and plunge with pride, as soon as she felt her mistress onher back; but she seemed as much at home as if she had been on themusic-stool, and patted her arching neck, talking to her in the sametone almost in which she had addressed the flowers.
"be quiet, fatty dear; you're frightening mr.
but hugh, seeing the next moment that she was in no danger, spranginto his saddle.
away they went, fatima infusing life and frolicinto the equine as euphra into the human portion of the cavalcade.
having reached the common, out of sight of the house, miss cameron,instead of looking after harry, lest he should have too muchexercise, scampered about like a wild girl, jumping everything thatcame in her way, and so exciting harry's pony, that it was almostmore than he could do to manage it, till at last hugh had to beg herto go more quietly, for harry's sake.
she drew up alongside of themat once, and made her mare stand as still as she could, while harrymade his first essay upon a little ditch.
after crossing it two orthree times, he gathered courage; and setting his pony at a largerone beyond, bounded across it beautifully.
cried both euphra and hugh.
harry galloped back,and over it again; then came up to them with a glow of proudconfidence on his pale face.
"you'll be a horseman yet, harry," said hugh.
"i hope so," said harry, in an aspiring tone, which greatlysatisfied his tutor.
the boy's spirit was evidently reviving.
euphra must have managed him ill.  yet she was not in the leasteffeminate herself.
it puzzled hugh a good deal.
but he did notthink about it long; for harry cantering away in front, he had anopportunity of saying to euphra:"are you offended with me, miss cameron?"
"offended with you!
what do you mean?
a girl like me offended witha man like you?"
she looked two and twenty as she spoke; but even at that she wasolder than hugh.
he, however, certainly looked considerably olderthan he really was.
"what makes you think so?"
she added, turning her face towards him.
"you would not speak to me when we came home yesterday."
"not speak to you?--i had a little headache--and perhaps i was alittle sullen, from having been in such bad company all themorning."
"what company had you?"
asked hugh, gazing at her in some surprise.
"my own," answered she, with a lovely laugh, thrown full in hisface.
then after a pause: "let me advise you, if you want to livein peace, not to embark on that ocean of discovery."
asked hugh, bewildered, and stillgazing.
"the troubled ocean of ladies' looks," she replied.
"you will neverbe able to live in the same house with one of our kind, if it benecessary to your peace to find out what every expression thatpuzzles you may mean."
"i did not intend to be inquisitive--it really troubled me."
"there it is.
you must never mind us.
we show so much sooner thanmen--but, take warning, there is no making out what it is we doshow.
your faces are legible; ours are so scratched and interlined,that you had best give up at once the idea of deciphering them."
hugh could not help looking once more at the smooth, simple, naïvecountenance shining upon him.
"there you are at it again," she said, blushing a little, andturning her head away.
"well, to comfort you, i will confess i wasrather cross yesterday -- because -- because you seemed to have beenquite happy with only one of your pupils."
as she spoke the words, she gave fatima the rein, and bounded off,overtaking harry's pony in a moment.
nor did she leave her cousinduring all the rest of their ride.
most women in whom the soul has anything like a chance of reachingthe windows, are more or less beautiful in their best moments.
euphra's best was when she was trying to fascinate.
then shewas -- fascinating.
during the first morning that hugh spent atarnstead, she had probably been making up her mind whether, betweenher and hugh, it was to be war to the knife, or fascination.
thelatter had carried the day, and was now carrying him.
but had shecalculated that fascination may re-act as well?
hugh's heart bounded, like her arab steed, as she uttered the wordslast recorded.
he gave his chestnut the rein in his turn, toovertake her; but fatima's canter quickened into a gallop, and,inspirited by her companionship, and the fact that their heads wereturned stablewards, harry's pony, one of the quickest of its race,laid itself to the ground, and kept up, taking three strides forfatty's two, so that hugh never got within three lengths of themtill they drew rein at the hall door, where the grooms were waitingthem.
euphra was off her mare in a moment, and had almost reachedher own room before hugh and harry had crossed the hall.
she camedown to luncheon in a white muslin dress, with the smallest possiblered spot in it; and, taking her place at the table, seemed to hughto have put off not only her riding habit, but the self that was init as well; for she chatted away in the most unconcerned and easymanner possible, as if she had not been out of her room all themorning.
she had ridden so hard, that she had left her last speechin the middle of the common, and its mood with it; and there seemednow no likelihood of either finding its way home.
the house is crencled to and fro,and hath so queint waies for to go,for it is shapen as the mase is wrought.
chaucer--legend of ariadne.
luncheon over, and harry dismissed as usual to lie down, misscameron said to hugh:"you have never been over the old house yet, i believe, mr.sutherland.
would you not like to see it?"
"i should indeed," said hugh.
"it is what i have long hoped for, andhave often been on the point of begging."
"come, then; i will be your guide -- if you will trust yourself with amadcap like me, in the solitudes of the old hive."
"lead on to the family vaults, if you will," said hugh.
"that might be possible, too, from below.
we are not so very farfrom them.
even within the house there is an old chapel, and somemonuments worth looking at.
shall we take it last?"
"as you think best," answered hugh.
she rose and rang the bell.
when it was answered,"jacob," she said, "get me the keys of the house from mrs.
jacob vanished, and reappeared with a huge bunch of keys.
they should not be allowed to get quite rusty, jacob."
"please, miss, mrs. horton desired me to say, she would have seen tothem, if she had known you wanted them."
just tell my maid to bring me an old pair ofgloves."
jacob went; and the maid came with the required armour.
"now, mr. sutherland.
jane, you will come with us.
no, you neednot take the keys.
i will find those i want as we go."
she unlocked a door in the corner of the hall, which hugh had neverseen open.
passing through a long low passage, they came to aspiral staircase of stone, up which they went, arriving at anotherwide hall, very dusty, but in perfect repair.
hugh asked if therewas not some communication between this hall and the great oakstaircase.
"yes," answered euphra; "but this is the more direct way."
as she said this, he felt somehow as if she cast on him one of herkeenest glances; but the place was very dusky, and he stood in aspot where the light fell upon him from an opening in a shutter,while she stood in deep shadow.
"jane, open that shutter."
the girl obeyed; and the entering light revealed the walls coveredwith paintings, many of them apparently of no value, yet adding muchto the effect of the place.
seeing that hugh was at once attractedby the pictures, euphra said:"perhaps you would like to see the picture gallery first?"
euphra chose key after key, and opened door afterdoor, till they came into a long gallery, well lighted from eachend.
the windows were soon opened.
"mr. arnold is very proud of his pictures, especially of his familyportraits; but he is content with knowing he has them, and nevervisits them except to show them; or perhaps once or twice a year,when something or other keeps him at home for a day, withoutanything particular to do."
in glancing over the portraits, some of them by famous masters,hugh's eyes were arrested by a blonde beauty in the dress of thetime of charles ii.
there was such a reality of self-willedboldness as well as something worse in her face, that, thougharrested by the picture, hugh felt ashamed of looking at it in thepresence of euphra and her maid.
the pictured woman almost put himout of countenance, and yet at the same time fascinated him.
dragging his eyes from it, he saw that jane had turned her backupon it, while euphra regarded it steadily.
"open that opposite window, jane," said she; "there is not lightenough on this portrait."
while she did so, hugh caught a glimpse of her face,and saw that the formerly rosy girl was deadly pale.
he said toeuphra:"your maid seems ill, miss cameron."
"jane, what is the matter with you?"
she did not reply, but, leaning against the wall, seemed ready tofaint.
"the place is close," said her mistress.
"go into the next roomthere," -- she pointed to a door -- "and open the window.
you will soonbe well."
"if you please, miss, i would rather stay with you.
this placemakes me feel that strange."
she had come but lately, and had never been over the house before.
said miss cameron, looking at her sharply.
"what do youmean?"
"please, don't be angry, miss; but the first night e'er i slepthere, i saw that very lady --""saw that lady!"
"well, miss, i mean, i dreamed that i saw her; and i remembered herthe minute i see her up there; and she give me a turn like.
i'm allright now, miss."
euphra fixed her eyes on her, and kept them fixed, till she was verynearly all wrong again.
she turned as pale as before, and began todraw her breath hard.
"you silly goose!"
said euphra, and withdrew her eyes; upon whichthe girl began to breathe more freely.
hugh was making some wise remarks in his own mind on the unsteadycondition of a nature in which the imagination predominates over thepowers of reflection, when euphra turned to him, and began to tellhim that that was the picture of her three or four timesgreat-grandmother, painted by sir peter lely, just after she wasmarried.
"isn't she fair?"
-- "she turned nun at last, they say."
"she is more fair than honest," thought hugh.
"it would take a greatdeal of nun to make her into a saint."
but he only said, "she ismore beautiful than lovely.
what was her name?"
"if you mean her maiden name, it was halkar -- lady euphrasiahalkar -- named after me, you see.
she had foreign blood in her, ofcourse; and, to tell the truth, there were strange stories told ofher, of more sorts than one.
i know nothing of her family.
it wasnever heard of in england, i believe, till after the restoration."
all the time euphra was speaking, hugh was being perplexed with thatmost annoying of perplexities -- the flitting phantom of aresemblance, which he could not catch.
he was forced to dismiss itfor the present, utterly baffled.
"were you really named after her, miss cameron?"
it is a family name with us.
but, indeed, i may be saidto be named after her, for she was the first of us who bore it.
youdon't seem to like the portrait."
"i do not; but i cannot help looking at it, for all that."
"i am so used to the lady's face," said euphra, "that it makes noimpression on me of any sort.
but it is said," she added, glancingat the maid, who stood at some distance, looking uneasily abouther -- and as she spoke she lowered her voice to a whisper -- "it issaid, she cannot lie still."
"cannot lie still!
what do you mean?"
"i mean down there in the chapel," she answered, pointing.
the celtic nerves of hugh shuddered.
euphra laughed; and her voiceechoed in silvery billows, that broke on the faces of the men andwomen of old time, that had owned the whole; whose lives had flowedand ebbed in varied tides through the ancient house; who had marriedand been given in marriage; and gone down to the chapel below -- belowthe prayers and below the psalms -- and made a sunday of all the week.
ashamed of his feeling of passing dismay, hugh said, just to saysomething:"what a strange ornament that is!
is it a brooch or a pin?
no, ideclare it is a ring -- large enough for three cardinals, and worn onher thumb.
it seems almost to sparkle.
is it ruby, or carbuncle,or what?"
"i don't know: some clumsy old thing," answered euphra, carelessly.
i see," said hugh; "it is not a red stone.
the glow is only areflection from part of her dress.
it is as clear as a diamond.
but that is impossible -- such a size.
there seems to me somethingcurious about it; and the longer i look at it, the more strange itappears."
euphra stole another of her piercing glances at him, but saidnothing.
"surely," hugh went on, "a ring like that would hardly be likely tobe lost out of the family?
your uncle must have it somewhere."
euphra laughed; but this laugh was very different from the last.
itrattled rather than rang.
"you are wonderfully taken with a bauble -- for a man of letters, thatis, mr. sutherland.
the stone may have been carried down any one ofthe hundred streams into which a family river is always dividing."
"it is a very remarkable ornament for a lady's finger,notwithstanding," said hugh, smiling in his turn.
"but we shall never get through the pictures at this rate," remarkedeuphra; and going on, she directed hugh's attention now to this, nowto that portrait, saying who each was, and mentioning anythingremarkable in the history of their originals.
she manifested athorough acquaintance with the family story, and made, in fact, anexcellent show-woman.
having gone nearly to the other end of thegallery,"this door," said she, stopping at one, and turning over the keys,"leads to one of the oldest portions of the house, the principalroom in which is said to have belonged especially to the lady overthere."
as she said this, she fixed her eyes once more on the maid.
don't ye now, miss," interrupted jane.
"hannah do say as how awhitey-blue light shines in the window of a dark night,sometimes -- that lady's window, you know, miss.
don't ye open thedoor -- pray, miss."
jane seemed on the point of falling into the same terror as before.
"really, jane," said her mistress, "i am ashamed of you; and ofmyself, for having such silly servants about me."
"i beg your pardon, miss, but --""so mr. sutherland and i must give up our plan of going over thehouse, because my maid's nerves are too delicate to permit her toaccompany us.
"oh, do ye now go without me!"
cried the girl, clasping her hands.
"and you will wait here till we come back?"
don't ye leave me here.
just show me the way out."
and once more she turned pale as death.
"mr. sutherland, i am very sorry, but we must put off the rest ofour ramble till another time.
i am, like hamlet, very vilelyattended, as you see.
come, then, you foolish girl," she added,more mildly.
the poor maid, what with terror of lady euphrasia, and respect forher mistress, was in a pitiable condition of moral helplessness.
she seemed almost too frightened to walk behind them.
but if shehad been in front it would have been no better; for, like otherghost-fearers, she seemed to feel very painfully that she had noeyes in her back.
they returned as they came; and jane receiving the keys to take tothe housekeeper, darted away.
when she reached mrs. horton's room,she sank on a chair in hysterics.
"i must get rid of that girl, i fear," said miss cameron, leadingthe way to the library; "she will infect the whole household withher foolish terrors.
we shall not hear the last of this for sometime to come.
we had a fit of it the same year i came; and isuppose the time has come round for another attack of the sameepidemic."
"what is there about the room to terrify the poor thing?"
they say it is haunted; that is all.
was there ever an oldhouse anywhere over europe, especially an old family house, but wassaid to be haunted?
here the story centres in that room -- or atleast in that room and the avenue in front of its windows."
"is that the avenue called the ghost's walk?"
who told you?"
"harry would not let me cross it."
this is really too bad.
he cannot stand anything ofthat kind, i am sure.
i hope we shall soon get him too well to be frightened atanything.
are these places said to be haunted by any particularghost?"
by lady euphrasia -- rubbish!"
had hugh possessed a yet keener perception of resemblance, he wouldhave seen that the phantom-likeness which haunted him in theportrait of euphrasia halkar, was that of euphrasia cameron -- by hisside all the time.
but the mere difference of complexion wassufficient to throw him out -- insignificant difference as that is,beside the correspondence of features and their relations.
euphraherself was perfectly aware of the likeness, but had no wish thathugh should discover it.
as if the likeness, however, had been dimly identified by theunconscious part of his being, he sat in one corner of the librarysofa, with his eyes fixed on the face of euphra, as she sat in theother.
presently he was made aware of his unintentional rudeness,by seeing her turn pale as death, and sink back in the sofa.
in amoment she started up, and began pacing about the room, rubbing hereyes and temples.
he was bewildered and alarmed.
"miss cameron, are you ill?"
she gave a kind of half-hysterical laugh, and said:"no -- nothing worth speaking of.
i felt a little faint, that wasall.
i am better now."
she turned full towards him, and seemed to try to look all right;but there was a kind of film over the clearness of her black eyes.
"i fear you have headache."
"a little, but it is nothing.
i will go and lie down."
"do, pray; else you will not be well enough to appear at dinner."
she retired, and hugh joined harry.
euphra had another glass of claret with her uncle that evening, inorder to give her report of the morning's ride.
"really, there is not much to be afraid of, uncle.
he takes verygood care of harry.
to be sure, i had occasion several times tocheck him a little; but he has this good quality in addition to aconsiderable aptitude for teaching, that he perceives a hint, andtakes it at once."
knowing her uncle's formality, and preference for precise andjudicial modes of expression, euphra modelled her phrase to hismind.
"i am glad he has your good opinion so far, euphra; for i confessthere is something about the youth that pleases me.
i was afraid atfirst that i might be annoyed by his overstepping the trueboundaries of his position in my family: he seems to have been ingood society, too.
but your assurance that he can take a hint,lessens my apprehension considerably.
to-morrow, i will ask him toresume his seat after dessert."
this was not exactly the object of euphra's qualified commendationof hugh.
but she could not help it now.
"i think, however, if you approve, uncle, that it will be moreprudent to keep a little watch over the riding for a while.
iconfess, too, i should be glad of a little more of that exercisethan i have had for some time: i found my seat not very secureto-day."
"very desirable on both considerations, my love."
and so the conference ended.
if you will have a tree bear more fruit than it hath used to do, itis not anything you can do to the boughs, but it is the stirring ofthe earth, and putting new mould about the roots, that must work it.
lord bacon's advancement of learning, b. ii.
in a short time harry's health was so much improved, andconsequently the strength and activity of his mind so muchincreased, that hugh began to give him more exact mental operationsto perform.
but as if he had been a reader of lord bacon, which asyet he was not, and had learned from him that "wonder is the seed ofknowledge," he came, by a kind of sympathetic instinct, to the sameconclusion practically, in the case of harry.
he tried to wake aquestion in him, by showing him something that would rouse hisinterest.
the reply to this question might be the whole rudimentsof a science.
things themselves should lead to the science of them.
if things arenot interesting in themselves, how can any amount of knowledge aboutthem be?
to be sure, there is such a thing as a purely orabstractly intellectual interest--the pleasure of the mere operationof the intellect upon the signs of things; but this must spring froma highly exercised intellectual condition, and is not to be expectedbefore the pleasures of intellectual motion have been experiencedthrough the employment of its means for other ends.
whether this isa higher condition or not, is open to much disquisition.
one day hugh was purposely engaged in taking the altitude of thehighest turret of the house, with an old quadrant he had found inthe library, when harry came up.
"what are you doing, big brother?"
said he; for now that he wasquite at home with hugh, there was a wonderful mixture offamiliarity and respect in him, that was quite bewitching.
"finding out how high your house is, little brother," answered hugh.
"how can you do it with that thing?
will it measure the height ofother things besides the house?"
"yes, the height of a mountain, or anything you like."
"do show me how."
hugh showed him as much of it as he could.
"but i don't understand it."
that is quite another thing.
to do that, you must learn agreat many things -- euclid to begin with."
that very afternoon harry began euclid, and soon found quite enoughof interest on the road to the quadrant, to prevent him from feelingany tediousness in its length.
of an afternoon hugh had taken to reading shakspere to harry.
euphra was always a listener.
on one occasion harry said:"i am so sorry, mr. sutherland, but i don't understand the half ofit.
sometimes when euphra and you are laughing, -- and sometimes wheneuphra is crying," added he, looking at her slyly, "i can'tunderstand what it is all about.
am i so very stupid, mr.
and he almost cried himself.
"not a bit of it, harry, my boy; only you must learn a great manyother things first."
"how can i learn them?
i am willing to learn anything.
i don'tfind it tire me now as it used."
"there are many things necessary to understand shakspere that icannot teach you, and that some people never learn.
most of themwill come of themselves.
but of one thing you may be sure, harry,that if you learn anything, whatever it be, you are so far nearer tounderstanding shakspere."
the same afternoon, when harry had waked from his siesta, upon whichhugh still insisted, they went out for a walk in the fields.
thesun was half way down the sky, but very hot and sultry.
"i wish we had our cave of straw to creep into now," said harry.
"ifelt exactly like the little field-mouse you read to me about inburns's poems, when we went in that morning, and found it all tornup, and half of it carried away.
we have no place to go to now fora peculiar own place; and the consequence is, you have not told meany stories about the romans for a whole week."
"well, harry, is there any way of making another?"
"there's no more straw lying about that i know of," answered harry;"and it won't do to pull the inside out of a rick, i am afraid."
"but don't you think it would be pleasant to have a change now; andas we have lived underground, or say in the snow like the northpeople, try living in the air, like some of the south people?"
cried harry.--"a balloon?"
"no, not quite that.
don't you think a nest would do?"
"up in a tree?"
harry darted off for a run, as the only means of expressing hisdelight.
when he came back, he said:"when shall we begin, mr.
"we will go and look for a place at once; but i am not quite surewhen we shall begin yet.
i shall find out to-night, though."
they left the fields, and went into the woods in the neighbourhoodof the house, at the back.
here the trees had grown to a greatsize, some of them being very old indeed.
they soon fixed upon agrotesque old oak as a proper tree in which to build their nest; andharry, who, as well as hugh, had a good deal of constructiveness inhis nature, was so delighted, that the heat seemed to have no moreinfluence upon him; and hugh, fearful of the reaction, was compelledto restrain his gambols.
pursuing their way through the dark warp of the wood, with itsgolden weft of crossing sunbeams, hugh began to tell harry the storyof the killing of cæsar by brutus and the rest, filling up theaccount with portions from shakspere.
fortunately, he was able togive the orations of brutus and antony in full.
harry was inecstasy over the eloquence of the two men.
"well, what language do you think they spoke, harry?"
"why," said harry, hesitating, "i suppose --" then, as if a suddenlight broke upon him -- "latin of course.
"that such men should talk such a dry, unpleasant language."
"i allow it is a difficult language, harry; and very ponderous andmechanical; but not necessarily dry or unpleasant.
the romans, youknow, were particularly fond of law in everything; and so they madea great many laws for their language; or rather, it grew so, becausethey were of that sort.
it was like their swords and armourgenerally, not very graceful, but very strong; -- like theirarchitecture too, harry.
nobody can ever understand what a peopleis, without knowing its language.
it is not only that we find allthese stories about them in their language, but the language itselfis more like them than anything else can be.
besides, harry, idon't believe you know anything about latin yet."
"i know all the declensions and conjugations."
"but don't you think it must have been a very different thing tohear it spoken?"
"yes, to be sure -- and by such men.
but how ever could they speakit?"
"they spoke it just as you do english.
it was as natural to them.
but you cannot say you know anything about it, till you read whatthey wrote in it; till your ears delight in the sound of theirpoetry; --""poetry?"
"yes; and beautiful letters; and wise lessons; and histories andplays."
i should like you to teach me.
will it be as hard to learnalways as it is now?"
i am sure you will like it."
"when will you begin me?"
and if you get on pretty well, we will begin our nest,too, in the afternoon."
"oh, how kind you are!
i will try very hard."
"i am sure you will, harry."
next morning, accordingly, hugh did begin him, after a fashion ofhis own; namely, by giving him a short simple story to read, findingout all the words with him in the dictionary, and telling him whatthe terminations of the words signified; for he found that he hadalready forgotten a very great deal of what, according to euphra, hehad been thoroughly taught.
no one can remember what is entirelyuninteresting to him.
hugh was as precise about the grammar of a language as any scotchprofessor of humanity, old prosody not excepted; but he thought ittime enough to begin to that, when some interest in the wordsthemselves should have been awakened in the mind of his pupil.
hehated slovenliness as much as any one; but the question was, howbest to arrive at thoroughness in the end, without losing the higherobjects of study; and not how, at all risks, to commence teachingthe lesson of thoroughness at once, and so waste on the shape of apin-head the intellect which, properly directed, might arrive at thefar more minute accuracies of a steam-engine.
the fault of euphrain teaching harry, had been that, with a certain kind of tyrannicalaccuracy, she had determined to have the thing done -- not merelydecently and in order, but prudishly and pedantically; so that shedeprived progress of the pleasure which ought naturally to attendit.
she spoiled the walk to the distant outlook, by stopping atevery step, not merely to pick flowers, but to botanise on theweeds, and to calculate the distance advanced.
it is quite truethat we ought to learn to do things irrespective of the reward; butplenty of opportunities will be given in the progress of life, andin much higher kinds of action, to exercise our sense of duty insevere loneliness.
we have no right to turn intellectual exercisesinto pure operations of conscience: these ought to involve essentialduty; although no doubt there is plenty of room for mingling dutywith those; while, on the other hand, the highest act of sufferingself-denial is not without its accompanying reward.
neither isthere any exercise of the higher intellectual powers in learning themere grammar of a language, necessary as it is for a means.
andlanguage having been made before grammar, a language must be in somemeasure understood, before its grammar can become intelligible.
harry's weak (though true and keen) life could not force its wayinto any channel.
his was a nature essentially dependent onsympathy.
it could flow into truth through another loving mind:left to itself, it could not find the way, and sank in the dry sandof ennui and self-imposed obligations.
euphra was utterly incapableof understanding him; and the boy had been dying for lack ofsympathy, though neither he nor any one about him had suspected thefact.
there was a strange disproportion between his knowledge and hiscapacity.
he was able, when his attention was directed, his gazefixed, and his whole nature supported by hugh, to see deep into manythings, and his remarks were often strikingly original; but he wasone of the most ignorant boys, for his years, that hugh had evercome across.
a long and severe illness, when he was just passinginto boyhood, had thrown him back far into his childhood; and he wasonly now beginning to show that he had anything of the boy-life inhim.
hence arose that unequal development which has beensufficiently evident in the story.
in the afternoon, they went to the wood, and found the tree they hadchosen for their nest.
to harry's intense admiration, hugh, as hesaid, went up the tree like a squirrel, only he was too big for abear even.
just one layer of foliage above the lowest branches, hecame to a place where he thought there was a suitable foundation forthe nest.
from the ground harry could scarcely see him, as, with anaxe which he had borrowed for the purpose (for there was acarpenter's work-shop on the premises), he cut away several smallbranches from three of the principal ones; and so had these three asrafters, ready dressed and placed, for the foundation of the nest.
having made some measurements, he descended; and repairing withharry to the work-shop, procured some boarding and some tools, whichharry assisted in carrying to the tree.
ascending again, anddrawing up his materials, by the help of harry, with a piece ofstring, hugh in a very little while had a level floor, four feetsquare, in the heart of the oak tree, quite invisible frombelow -- buried in a cloud of green leaves.
for greater safety, hefastened ropes as handrails all around it from one branch toanother.
and now nothing remained but to construct a bench to siton, and such a stair as harry could easily climb.
the boy was quiterestless with anxiety to get up and see the nest; and kept callingout constantly to know if he might not come up yet.
at length hughallowed him to try; but the poor boy was not half strong enough toclimb the tree without help.
so hugh descended, and with his aidharry was soon standing on the new-built platform.
"i feel just like an eagle," he cried; but here his voice faltered,and he was silent.
"what is the matter, harry?"
said his tutor.
"oh, nothing," replied he; "only i didn't exactly know whereaboutswe were till i got up here."
"whereabouts are we, then?"
"close to the end of the ghost's walk."
"but you don't mind that now, surely, harry?"
"no, sir; that is, not so much as i used."
"shall i take all this down again, and build our nest somewhereelse?"
"oh, no, if you don't think it matters.
it would be a great pity,after you have taken so much trouble with it.
besides, i shallnever be here without you; and i do not think i should be afraid ofthe ghost herself, if you were with me."
yet harry shuddered involuntarily at the thought of his own daringspeech.
"very well, harry, my boy; we will finish it here.
now, if youstand there, i will fasten a plank across here between these twostumps--no, that won't do exactly.
i must put a piece on to thisone, to raise it to a level with the other--then we shall have aseat in a few minutes."
hammer and nails were busy again; and in a few minutes they sat downto enjoy the "soft pipling cold" which swung all the leaves aboutlike little trap-doors that opened into the infinite.
harry washighly contented.
he drew a deep breath of satisfaction as, lookingabove and beneath and all about him, he saw that they were folded inan almost impenetrable net of foliage, through which nothing couldsteal into their sanctuary, save "the chartered libertine, the air,"and a few stray beams of the setting sun, filtering through themultitudinous leaves, from which they caught a green tint as theypassed.
"fancy yourself a fish," said hugh, "in the depth of a cavern of seaweed, which floats about in the slow swinging motion of the heavywaters."
"what a funny notion!"
"not so absurd as you may think, harry; for just as some fishescrawl about on the bottom of the sea, so do we men at the bottom ofan ocean of air; which, if it be a thinner one, is certainly adeeper one."
"then the birds are the swimming fishes, are they not?"
"yes, to be sure."
"and you and i are two mermen -- doing what?
waiting for mothermermaid to give us our dinner.
i am getting hungry.
but it will bea long time before a mermaid gets up here, i am afraid."
"that reminds me," said hugh, "that i must build a stair for you,master harry; for you are not merman enough to get up with a strokeof your scaly tail.
so here goes.
you can sit there till i fetchyou."
nailing a little rude bracket here and there on the stem of thetree, just where harry could avail himself of hand-hold as well,hugh had soon finished a strangely irregular staircase, which ittook harry two or three times trying, to learn quite off.
i will fetch you a tooth-picker now from the farthest inch of asia;bring you the length of prester john's foot; fetch you a hair offthe great cham's beard; do you any embassage to the pigmies.
much ado about nothing.
the next day, after dinner, mr. arnold said to the tutor:"well, mr. sutherland, how does harry get on with his geography?"
mr. arnold, be it understood, had a weakness for geography.
"we have not done anything at that yet, mr.
"not done anything at geography!
and the boy getting quite robustnow!
i am astonished, mr. sutherland.
why, when he was a merechild, he could repeat all the counties of england."
"perhaps that may be the reason for the decided distaste he showsfor it now, mr. arnold.
but i will begin to teach him at once, ifyou desire it."
"i do desire it, mr. sutherland.
a thorough geographical knowledgeis essential to the education of a gentleman.
ask me any questionyou please, mr. sutherland, on the map of the world, or any of itsdivisions."
hugh asked a few questions, which mr. arnold answered at once.
said he, "this is mere child's play.
let me ask yousome, mr.
his very first question posed hugh, whose knowledge in this sciencewas not by any means minute.
"i fear i am no gentleman," said he, laughing; "but i can at leastlearn as well as teach.
we shall begin to-morrow."
"what books have you?"
no books, if you please, just yet.
if you are satisfied withharry's progress so far, let me have my own way in this too."
"but geography does not seem your strong point."
"no; but i may be able to teach it all the better from feeling thedifficulties of a learner myself."
"well, you shall have a fair trial."
next morning hugh and harry went out for a walk to the top of a hillin the neighbourhood.
when they reached it, hugh took a smallcompass from his pocket, and set it on the ground, contemplating itand the horizon alternately.
"what are you doing, mr.
"i am trying to find the exact line that would go through my home,"said he.
"is that funny little thing able to tell you?"
"yes; this along with other things.
isn't it curious, harry, tohave in my pocket a little thing with a kind of spirit in it, thatunderstands the spirit that is in the big world, and always pointsto its north pole?"
"explain it to me."
"it is nearly as much a mystery to me as to you."
"where is the north pole?"
"look, the little thing points to it."
"but i will turn it away.
it won't go.
it goes back and back,do what i will."
"yes, it will, if you turn it away all day long.
look, harry, ifyou were to go straight on in this direction, you would come to alaplander, harnessing his broad-horned reindeer to his sledge.
he'sat it now, i daresay.
if you were to go in this line exactly, youwould go through the smoke and fire of a burning mountain in a landof ice.
if you were to go this way, straight on, you would findyourself in the middle of a forest with a lion glaring at your feet,for it is dark night there now, and so hot!
and over there,straight on, there is such a lovely sunset.
the top of a snowymountain is all pink with light, though the sun is down -- oh!
suchcolours all about, like fairyland!
and there, there is a desert ofsand, and a camel dying, and all his companions just disappearing onthe horizon.
and there, there is an awful sea, without a boat to beseen on it, dark and dismal, with huge rocks all about it, and wasteborders of sand -- so dreadful!"
"how do you know all this, mr. sutherland?
you have never walkedalong those lines, i know, for you couldn't."
"geography has taught me."
said harry, incredulously.
"well, shall we travel along this line, just across that crown oftrees on the hill?"
"yes, do let us."
"then," said hugh, drawing a telescope from his pocket, "this hillis henceforth geography point, and all the world lies round aboutit.
do you know we are in the very middle of the earth?"
"are we, indeed?"
don't you know any point you like to choose on a ball is themiddle of it?"
yes -- of course."
what lies at the bottom of the hill down there?"
"arnstead, to be sure."
"and what beyond there?"
"i don't know."
"look through here."
that must be the village we rode to yesterday -- i forget thename of it."
hugh told him the name; and then made him look with the telescopeall along the receding line to the trees on the opposite hill.
justas he caught them, a voice beside them said:"what are you about, harry?"
hugh felt a glow of pleasure as the voice fell on his ear.
it was euphra's.
replied harry, "mr. sutherland is teaching me geography with atelescope.
it's such fun!"
"he's a wonderful tutor, that of yours, harry!"
"yes, isn't he just?
but," harry went on, turning to hugh, "whatare we to do now?
we can't get farther for that hill."
we must apply to your papa now, to lend us some of hisbeautiful maps.
they will teach us what lies beyond that hill.
andthen we can read in some of his books about the places; and so go onand on, till we reach the beautiful, wide, restless sea; over whichwe must sail in spite of wind and tide -- straight on and on, till wecome to land again.
but we must make a great many such journeysbefore we really know what sort of a place we are living in; and weshall have ever so many things to learn that will surprise us."
it will be nice!"
after a little more geographical talk, they put up theirinstruments, and began to descend the hill.
harry was in no need ofhugh's back now, but euphra was in need of his hand.
in fact, sheappealed for its support.
"how awkward of me!
i am stumbling over the heather shamefully!"
she was, in fact, stumbling over her own dress, which she would nothold up.
hugh offered his hand; and her small one seemed quitecontent to be swallowed up in his large one.
"why do you never let me put you on your horse?"
"youalways manage to prevent me somehow or other.
the last time, i justturned my head, and, behold!
when i looked, you were gathering yourreins."
"it is only a trick of independence, hugh -- mr. sutherland -- i begyour pardon."
i can make no excuse for euphra, for she had positively never heardhim called hugh: there was no one to do so.
but, the slip had not,therefore, the less effect; for it sounded as if she had been sayinghis name over and over again to herself.
"i beg your pardon," repeated euphra, hastily; for, as hugh did notreply, she feared her arrow had swerved from its mark.
"for a sweet fault, euphra -- i beg your pardon -- miss cameron."
"you punish me with forgiveness," returned she, with one of hersweetest looks.
hugh could not help pressing the little hand.
was the pressure returned?
so slight, so airy was the touch, thatit might have been only the throb of his own pulses, all consciouslyvital about the wonderful woman-hand that rested in his.
if he hadclaimed it, she might easily have denied it, so ethereal anduncertain was it.
yet he believed in it.
he never dreamed that shewas exercising her skill upon him.
what could be her object inbewitching a poor tutor?
meantime this much is certain, that she was drawing hugh closer andcloser to her side; that a soothing dream of delight had begun tosteal over his spirit, soon to make it toss in feverous unrest -- asthe first effects of some poisons are like a dawn of tenfoldstrength.
the mountain wind blew from her to him, sometimessweeping her garments about him, and bathing him in their faintsweet odours -- odours which somehow seemed to belong to her whom theyhad only last visited; sometimes, so kindly strong did it blow,compelling her, or at least giving her excuse enough, to leave hishand and cling closely to his arm.
a fresh spring began to burstfrom the very bosom of what had seemed before a perfect summer.
aspring to summer!
what would the following summer be?
and whatthe autumn?
and what the winter?
for if the summer be tenfoldsummer, then must the winter be tenfold winter.
but though knowledge is good for man, foreknowledge is not so good.
and, though love be good, a tempest of it in the brain will notripen the fruits like a soft steady wind, or waft the ships home totheir desired haven.
perhaps, what enslaved hugh most, was the feeling that the damselstooped to him, without knowing that she stooped.
she seemed to himin every way above him.
she knew so many things of which he wasignorant; could say such lovely things; could, he did not doubt,write lovely verses; could sing like an angel; (though scotch songsare not of essentially angelic strain, nor italian songs either, ingeneral; and they were all that she could do); was mistress of agreat rich wonderful house, with a history; and, more than all, was,or appeared to him to be -- a beautiful woman.
it was true that hisfamily was as good as hers; but he had disowned his family -- so hispride declared; and the same pride made him despise his presentposition, and look upon a tutor's employment as -- as -- well, as otherpeople look upon it; as a rather contemptible one in fact,especially for a young, powerful, six-foot fellow.
the influence of euphrasia was not of the best upon him from thefirst; for it had greatly increased this feeling about hisoccupation.
it could not affect his feelings towards harry; so theboy did not suffer as yet.
but it set him upon a very unprofitablekind of castle-building: he would be a soldier like his father; hewould leave arnstead, to revisit it with a sword by his side, and asir before his name.
sir hugh sutherland would be somebody even inthe eyes of the master of arnstead.
yes, a six-foot fellow, thoughhe may be sensible in the main, is not, therefore, free from smallvanities, especially if he be in love.
but how leave euphra?
again i outrun my story.
per me si va nella città dolente.
dantethrough me thou goest into the city of grief.
of necessity, with so many shafts opened into the mountain ofknowledge, a far greater amount of time must be devoted by harry andhis tutor to the working of the mine, than they had given hitherto.
this made a considerable alteration in the intercourse of the youthand the lady; for, although euphra was often present duringschool-hours, it must be said for hugh that, during those hours, hepaid almost all his attention to harry; so much of it, indeed, thatperhaps there was not enough left to please the lady.
but she didnot say so.
she sat beside them in silence, occupied with her work,and saving up her glances for use.
now and then she would read;taking an opportunity sometimes, but not often, when a fitting pauseoccurred, to ask him to explain some passage about which she was indoubt.
it must be conceded that such passages were well chosen forthe purpose; for she was too wise to do her own intellect discreditby feigning a difficulty where she saw none; intellect being theonly gift in others for which she was conscious of any reverence.
by-and-by she began to discontinue these visits to the schoolroom.
perhaps she found them dull.
perhaps -- but we shall see.
one morning, in the course of their study -- euphra not present -- hughhad occasion to go from his own room, where, for the most part, theycarried on the severer portion of their labours, down to the libraryfor a book, to enlighten them upon some point on which they were indoubt.
as he was passing an open door, euphra's voice called him.
he entered, and found himself in her private sitting-room.
he hadnot known before where it was.
"i beg your pardon, mr. sutherland, for calling you, but i am atthis moment in a difficulty.
i cannot manage this line in theinferno.
do help me."
she moved the book towards him, as he now stood by her side, sheremaining seated at her table.
to his mortification, he wascompelled to confess his utter ignorance of the language.
i am disappointed," said euphra.
"not so much as i am," replied hugh.
"but could you spare me one ortwo of your italian books?"
"with pleasure," she answered, rising and going to her bookshelves.
"i want only a grammar, a dictionary, and a new testament."
"there they are," she said, taking them down one after the other,and bringing them to him.
"i daresay you will soon get up with poorstupid me."
"i shall do my best to get within hearing of your voice, at least,in which italian must be lovely."
no reply, but a sudden droop of the head.
"but," continued hugh, "upon second thoughts, lest i should becompelled to remain dumb, or else annoy your delicate ear withdiscordant sounds, just give me one lesson in the pronunciation.
let me hear you read a little first."
"with all my heart."
euphra began, and read delightfully; for she was an excellentitalian scholar.
it was necessary that hugh should look over thebook.
this was difficult while he remained standing, as she did notoffer to lift it from the table.
gradually, therefore, and hardlyknowing how, he settled into a chair by her side.
half-an-hour wentby like a minute, as he listened to the silvery tones of her voice,breaking into a bell-like sound upon the double consonants of thatsweet lady-tongue.
then it was his turn to read and be corrected,and read again and be again corrected.
another half-hour glidedaway, and yet another.
but it must be confessed he made good use ofthe time -- if only it had been his own to use; for at the end of ithe could pronounce italian very tolerably -- well enough, at least, tokeep him from fixing errors in his pronunciation, while studying thelanguage alone.
suddenly he came to himself, and looked up as froma dream.
had she been bewitching him?
he was in euphra'sroom -- alone with her.
and the door was shut -- how or when?
and -- helooked at his watch -- poor little harry had been waiting his returnfrom the library, for the last hour and a half.
he gathered up the books hastily, thankedeuphra in the same hurried manner, and left the room withconsiderable disquietude, closing the door very gently, almostguiltily, behind him.
i am afraid euphra had been perfectly aware that he knew nothingabout italian.
did she see her own eyes shine in the mirror beforeher, as he closed the door?
was she in love with him, then?
when hugh returned with the italian books, instead of theencyclopædia he had gone to seek, he found harry sitting where hehad left him, with his arms and head on the table, fast asleep.
said hugh to himself; but he could not help feeling gladhe was asleep.
he stole out of the room again, passed the fataldoor with a longing pain, found the volume of his quest in thelibrary, and, returning with it, sat down beside harry.
there hesat till he awoke.
when he did awake at last, it was almost time for luncheon.
theshame-faced boy was exceedingly penitent for what was no fault,while hugh could not relieve him by confessing his.
he could onlysay:"it was my fault, harry dear.
i stayed away too long.
you were sonicely asleep, i would not wake you.
you will not need a siesta,that is all."
he was ashamed of himself, as he uttered the false words to thetrue-hearted child.
but this, alas!
was not the end of it all.
desirous of learning the language, but far more desirous ofcommending himself to euphra, hugh began in downright earnest.
thatvery evening, he felt that he had a little hold of the language.
harry was left to his own resources.
nor was there any harm inthis in itself: hugh had a right to part of every day for his ownuses.
but then, he had been with harry almost every evening, or agreat part of it, and the boy missed him much; for he was not yetself-dependent.
he would have gone to euphrasia, but somehow shehappened to be engaged that evening.
so he took refuge in thelibrary, where, in the desolation of his spirit, polexander began,almost immediately, to exercise its old dreary fascination upon him.
although he had not opened the book since hugh had requested him toput it away, yet he had not given up the intention of finishing itsome day; and now he took it down, and opened it listlessly, withthe intention of doing something towards the gradual redeeming ofthe pledge he had given to himself.
but he found it more irksomethan ever.
still he read on; till at length he could discover nomeaning at all in the sentences.
then he began to doubt whether hehad read the words.
he fixed his attention by main force on everyindividual word; but even then he began to doubt whether he couldsay he had read the words, for he might have missed seeing some ofthe letters composing each word.
he grew so nervous and miserableover it, almost counting every letter, that at last he burst intotears, and threw the book down.
his intellect, which in itself was excellent, was quite of theparasitic order, requiring to wind itself about a strongerintellect, to keep itself in the region of fresh air and possiblegrowth.
left to itself, its weak stem could not raise it above theground: it would grow and mass upon the earth, till it decayed andcorrupted, for lack of room, light, and air.
but, of course, therewas no danger in the meantime.
this was but the passing sadness ofan occasional loneliness.
he crept to hugh's room, and received an invitation to enter, inanswer to his gentle knock; but hugh was so absorbed in his newstudy, that he hardly took any notice of him, and harry found italmost as dreary here as in the study.
he would have gone out, buta drizzling rain was falling; and he shrank into himself at thethought of the ghost's walk.
the dinner-bell was a welcome summons.
hugh, inspirited by the reaction from close attention, by thepresence of euphra, and by the desire to make himself generallyagreeable, which sprung from the consciousness of having done wrong,talked almost brilliantly, delighting euphra, overcoming harry withreverent astonishment, and even interesting slow mr. arnold.
withthe latter hugh had been gradually becoming a favourite; partlybecause he had discovered in him what he considered high-mindedsentiments; for, however stupid and conventional mr. arnold mightbe, he had a foundation of sterling worthiness of character.
euphra, instead of showing any jealousy of this growingfriendliness, favoured it in every way in her power, and now andthen alluded to it in her conversations with hugh, as affording hergreat satisfaction.
"i am so glad he likes you!"
she would say.
"why should she be glad?"
this gentle claim of a kind of property in him, added considerablyto the strength of the attraction that drew him towards her, astowards the centre of his spiritual gravitation; if indeed thatcould be called spiritual which had so little of the element ofmoral or spiritual admiration, or even approval, mingled with it.
he never felt that euphra was good.
he only felt that she drew himwith a vague force of feminine sovereignty -- a charm which he couldno more resist or explain, than the iron could the attraction of thelodestone.
neither could he have said, had he really considered thematter, that she was beautiful -- only that she often, very often,looked beautiful.
i suspect if she had been rather ugly, it wouldhave been all the same for hugh.
he pursued his italian studies with a singleness of aim and effortthat carried him on rapidly.
he asked no assistance from euphra,and said nothing to her about his progress.
but he was so absorbedin it, that it drew him still further from his pupil.
of course hewent out with him, walking or riding every day that the weatherwould permit; and he had regular school hours with him within doors.
but during the latter, while harry was doing something on hisslate, or writing, or learning some lesson (which kind of workhappened oftener now than he could have approved of), he would takeup his italian; and, notwithstanding harry's quiet hints that he hadfinished what had been set him, remain buried in it for a long time.
when he woke at last to the necessity of taking some notice of theboy, he would only appoint him something else to occupy him again,so as to leave himself free to follow his new bent.
now and then hewould become aware of his blameable neglect, and make a feeblestruggle to rectify what seemed to be growing into a habit -- and oneof the worst for a tutor; but he gradually sank back into the mire,for mire it was, comforting himself with the resolution that as soonas he was able to read italian without absolutely spelling his way,he would let euphra see what progress he had made, and then returnwith renewed energy to harry's education, keeping up his own newaccomplishment by more moderate exercise therein.
it must not besupposed, however, that a long course of time passed in this way.
at the end of a fortnight, he thought he might venture to requesteuphra to show him the passage which had perplexed her.
this timehe knew where she was -- in her own room; for his mind had begun tohaunt her whereabouts.
he knocked at her door, heard the silvery,thrilling, happy sound, "come in;" and entered trembling.
"would you show me the passage in dante that perplexed you the otherday?"
euphra looked a little surprised; but got the book and pointed itout at once.
hugh glanced at it.
his superior acquaintance with the generalforms of language enabled him, after finding two words in euphra'slarger dictionary, to explain it, to her immediate satisfaction.
"you astonish me," said euphra.
"latin gives me an advantage, you see," said hugh modestly.
"it seems to be very wonderful, nevertheless."
these were sweet sounds to hugh's ear.
he had gained his end.
"well," she said, "i have just come upon another passage thatperplexes me not a little.
will you try your powers upon that forme?"
so saying, she proceeded to find it.
"it is school-time," said hugh "i fear i must not wait now."
don't make a pedagogue of yourself.
you know you arehere more as a guardian -- big brother, you know -- to the dear child.
by the way, i am rather afraid you are working him a little morethan his constitution will stand."
"do you think so?"
returned hugh quite willing to be convinced.
"ishould be very sorry."
"this is the passage," said euphra.
hugh sat down once more at the table beside her.
he found thismorsel considerably tougher than the last.
but at length hesucceeded in pulling it to pieces and reconstructing it in a simplerform for the lady.
she was full of thanks and admiration.
naturally enough, they went on to the next line, and the nextstanza, and the next and the next; till -- shall i be believed?
-- theyhad read a whole canto of the poem.
euphra knew more words by agreat many than hugh; so that, what with her knowledge of the words,and his insight into the construction, they made rare progress.
"what a beautiful passage it is!"
"it is indeed," responded hugh; "i never read anything morebeautiful."
"i wonder if it would be possible to turn that into english.
ishould like to try."
"you mean verse, of course?"
"to be sure."
"let us try, then.
i will bring you mine when i have finished it.
i fear it will take some time, though, to do it well.
shall it bein blank verse, or what?"
don't you think we had better keep the terza rima of theoriginal?"
"as you please.
it will add much to the difficulty."
will you shrink from following where your ladyleads?"
so help me, my good pen!"
answered hugh, and took hisdeparture, with burning cheeks and a trembling at the heart.
the morning was gone.
harry was not in his study: he sought andfound him in the library, apparently buried in polexander.
"i am so glad you are come," said harry; "i am so tired."
"why do you read that stupid book, then?"
you know, i told you."
put it away," said hugh, his dissatisfactionwith himself making him cross with harry, who felt, in consequence,ten times more desolate than before.
he could not understand thechange.
if it went ill before with the hours devoted to common labour, itwent worse now.
hugh seized every gap of time, and widened itsmargins shamefully, in order to work at his translation.
he foundit very difficult to render the italian in classical and poeticenglish.
the three rhyming words, and the mode in which the stanzasare looped together, added greatly to the difficulty.
blank versehe would have found quite easy compared to this.
but he would notblench.
the thought of her praise, and of the yet better favour hemight gain, spurred him on; and harry was the sacrifice.
but hewould make it all up to him, when this was once over.
thus he baked cakes of clay to choke the barking of cerberianconscience.
but it would growl notwithstanding.
the boy's spirit was sinking; but hugh did not or would not see it.
his step grew less elastic.
he became more listless, more like hisformer self -- sauntering about with his hands in his pockets.
andhugh, of course, found himself caring less about him; for thethought of him, rousing as it did the sense of his own neglect, hadbecome troublesome.
sometimes he even passed poor harry withoutspeaking to him.
gradually, however, he grew still further into the favour of mr.arnold, until he seemed to have even acquired some influence withhim.
mr. arnold would go out riding with them himself sometimes,and express great satisfaction, not only with the way harry sat hispony, for which he accorded hugh the credit due to him, but with theway in which hugh managed his own horse as well.
mr. arnold was agood horseman, and his praise was especially grateful to hugh,because euphra was always near, and always heard it.
i fear,however, that his progress in the good graces of mr. arnold, was, ina considerable degree, the result of the greater anxiety to please,which sprung from the consciousness of not deserving approbation.
pleasing was an easy substitute for well-doing.
not acceptable tohimself, he had the greater desire to be acceptable to others; andso reflect the side-beams of a false approbation on himself -- whoneeded true light and would be ill-provided for with any substitute.
for a man who is received as a millionaire can hardly help feelinglike one at times, even if he knows he has overdrawn his banker'saccount.
the necessity to hugh's nature of feeling right, drove himto this false mode of producing the false impression.
if one onlywants to feel virtuous, there are several royal roads to that end.
but, fortunately, the end itself would be unsatisfactory if gained;while not one of these roads does more than pretend to lead even tothat land of delusion.
the reaction in hugh's mind was sometimes torturing enough.
but hehad not strength to resist euphra, and so reform.
well or ill done, at length his translation was finished.
they exchanged papers for a private reading first; andarranged to meet afterwards, in order to compare criticisms.
well, if anything be damned,it will be twelve o'clock at night; that twelvewill never scape.
cyril tourneur.--the revenger's tragedy.
letters arrived at arnstead generally while the family was seated atbreakfast.
one morning, the post-bag having been brought in, mr.arnold opened it himself, according to his unvarying custom; andfound, amongst other letters, one in an old-fashioned female hand,which, after reading it, he passed to euphra.
"you remember mrs. elton, euphra?"
"quite well, uncle -- a dear old lady!"
but the expression which passed across her face, rather belied herwords, and seemed to hugh to mean: "i hope she is not going to boreus again."
she took care, however, to show no sign with regard to the contentsof the letter; but, laying it beside her on the table, waited tohear her uncle's mind first.
"poor, dear girl!"
said he at last.
"you must try to make her ascomfortable as you can.
there is consumption in the family, yousee," he added, with a meditative sigh.
"of course i will, uncle.
i hope there is not muchamiss though, after all."
but, as she spoke, an irrepressible flash of dislike, or displeasureof some sort, broke from her eyes, and vanished.
no one but himselfseemed to hugh to have observed it; but he was learned in the lady'seyes, and their weather-signs.
mr. arnold rose from the table andleft the room, apparently to write an answer to the letter.
as soonas he was gone, euphra gave the letter to hugh.
he read asfollows:  --"my dear mr. arnold,"will you extend the hospitality of your beautiful house to me andmy young friend, who has the honour of being your relative, ladyemily lake?
for some time her health has seemed to be failing, andshe is ordered to spend the winter abroad, at pau, or somewhere inthe south of france.
it is considered highly desirable that in themeantime she should have as much change as possible; and it occurredto me, remembering the charming month i passed at your seat, andrecalling the fact that lady emily is cousin only once removed toyour late most lovely wife, that there would be no impropriety inwriting to ask you whether you could, without inconvenience, receiveus as your guests for a short time.
i say us; for the dear girl hastaken such a fancy to unworthy old me, that she almost refuses toset out without me.
not to be cumbersome either to our friends orourselves, we shall bring only our two maids, and a steady oldman-servant, who has been in my family for many years.
-- i trust youwill not hesitate to refuse my request, should i happen to have madeit at an unsuitable season; assured, as you must be, that we cannotattribute the refusal to any lack of hospitality or friendliness onyour part.
at all events, i trust you will excuse what seems -- now ihave committed it to paper -- a great liberty, i hope not presumption,on mine.
i am, my dear mr. arnold,"yours most sincerely,"hannah elton."
hugh refolded the letter, and laid it down without remark.
harryhad left the room.
"isn't it a bore?"
hugh answered only by a look.
a pause followed.
"who is mrs.
he said at last.
"oh, a good-hearted creature enough.
"but that is a well-written letter?"
she is famed for her letter-writing; and, i believe,practises every morning on a slate.
it is the only thing thatredeems her from absolute stupidity."
euphra, with her taper fore-finger, tapped the table-clothimpatiently, and shifted back in her chair, as if struggling with aninward annoyance.
"and what sort of person is lady emily?"
"i have never seen her.
some blue-eyed milk-maid with a title, isuppose.
and in a consumption, too!
i presume the dear girl is asreligious as the old one.
-- good heavens!
what shall we do?"
sheburst out at length; and, rising from her chair, she paced about theroom hurriedly, but all the time with a gliding kind of footfall,that would have shaken none but the craziest floor.
hugh ventured to say, "never mind.
let us try tomake the best of it."
she stopped in her walk, turned towards him, smiled as if ashamedand delighted at the same moment, and slid out of the room.
hadeuphra been the same all through, she could hardly have smiled sowithout being in love with hugh.
that morning he sought her again in her room.
they talked overtheir versions of dante.
hugh's was certainly the best, for he wasmore practised in such things than euphra.
he showed her manyfaults, which she at once perceived to be faults, and so rose in hisestimation.
but at the same time there were individual lines andpassages of hers, which he considered not merely better than thecorresponding lines and passages, but better than any part of hisversion.
this he was delighted to say; and she seemed as delightedthat he should think so.
a great part of the morning was spentthus.
"i cannot stay longer," said hugh.
"let us read for an hour, then, after we come up stairs to-night."
"with more pleasure than i dare to say."
"but you mean what you do say?"
"you can doubt it no more than myself."
yet he did not like euphra's making the proposal.
no more did helike the flippant, almost cruel way in which she referred to ladyemily's illness.
but he put it down to annoyance and haste -- gotover it somehow -- anyhow; and began to feel that if she were a devilhe could not help loving her, and would not help it if he could.
the hope of meeting her alone that night, gave him spirit andenergy with harry; and the poor boy was more cheery and active thanhe had been for some time.
he thought his big brother was going tolove him again as at the first.
hugh's treatment of his pupil mightstill have seemed kind from another, but harry felt it a greatchange in him.
in the course of the day, euphra took an opportunity of whisperingto him:"not in my room -- in the library."
i presume she thought it would bemore prudent, in the case of any interruption.
after dinner that evening, hugh did not go to the drawingroom withmr. arnold, but out into the woods about the house.
it was early inthe twilight; for now the sun set late.
the month was june; and theeven a rich, dreamful, rosy even -- the sleep of a gorgeous day.
"itis like the soul of a gracious woman," thought hugh, charmed into alucid interval of passion by the loveliness of the nature aroundhim.
strange to tell, at that moment, instead of the hushed gloomof the library, towards which he was hoping and leaning in his soul,there arose before him the bare, stern, leafless pine-wood -- for whocan call its foliage leaves?
-- with the chilly wind of a northernspring morning blowing through it with a wailing noise of waters;and beneath a weird fir-tree, lofty, gaunt, and huge, with baregoblin arms, contorted sweepily, in a strange mingling of thesublime and the grotesque -- beneath this fir-tree, margaret sittingon one of its twisted roots, the very image of peace, with a facethat seemed stilled by the expected approach of a sacred and unknowngladness; a face that would blossom the more gloriously because itsjoy delayed its coming.
and above it, the tree shone a "still,"almost "awful red," in the level light of the morning.
the vision came and passed, for he did not invite its stay: itrebuked him to the deepest soul.
he strayed in troubled pleasure,restless and dissatisfied.
woods of the richest growth were aroundhim; heaps on heaps of leaves floating above him like clouds, atrackless wilderness of airy green, wherein one might wish to dwellfor ever, looking down into the vaults and aisles of thelong-ranging boles beneath.
but no peace could rest on his face;only, at best, a false mask, put on to hide the trouble of theunresting heart.
had he been doing his duty to harry, his love foreuphra, however unworthy she might be, would not have troubled himthus.
he came upon an avenue.
at the further end the boughs of the oldtrees, bare of leaves beneath, met in a perfect pointed arch, acrosswhich were barred the lingering colours of the sunset, transformingthe whole into a rich window full of stained glass and complextracery, closing up a gothic aisle in a temple of everlastingworship.
a kind of holy calm fell upon him as he regarded the dim,dying colours; and the spirit of the night, a something that isneither silence nor sound, and yet is like both, sank into his soul,and made a moment of summer twilight there.
he walked along theavenue for some distance; and then, leaving it, passed on throughthe woods.
-- suddenly it flashed upon him that he had crossed theghost's walk.
a slight but cold shudder passed through the region ofhis heart.
then he laughed at himself, and, as it were in despiteof his own tremor, turned, and crossed yet again the path of theghost.
a spiritual epicure in his pleasures, he would not spoil the effectof the coming meeting, by seeing euphra in the drawingroom first: hewent to his own study, where he remained till the hour had nearlyarrived.
he tried to write some verses.
but he found that,although the lovely form of its own naiad lay on the brink of thewell of song, its waters would not flow: during the sirocco ofpassion, its springs withdrew into the cool caves of the lifebeneath.
at length he rose, too much preoccupied to mind his wantof success; and, going down the back stair, reached the library.
there he seated himself, and tried to read by the light of hischamber-candle.
but it was scarcely even an attempt, for everymoment he was looking up to the door by which he expected her toenter.
suddenly an increase of light warned him that she was in the room.
how she had entered he could not tell.
one hand carried hercandle, the light of which fell on her pale face, with its halo ofblackness -- her hair, which looked like a well of darkness, thatthreatened to break from its bonds and overflood the room with asecond night, dark enough to blot out that which was now looking in,treeful and deep, at the uncurtained windows.
the other hand wasbusy trying to incarcerate a stray tress which had escaped from itsnet, and made her olive shoulders look white beside it.
"let it alone," said hugh, "let it be beautiful."
but she gently repelled the hand he raised to hers, and, though shewas forced to put down her candle first, persisted in confining therefractory tress; then seated herself at the table, and taking fromher pocket the manuscript which hugh had been criticising in themorning, unfolded it, and showed him all the passages he hadobjected to, neatly corrected or altered.
it was wonderfully donefor the time she had had.
he went over it all with her again,seated close to her, their faces almost meeting as they followed thelines.
they had just finished it, and were about to commencereading from the original, when hugh, who missed a sheet of euphra'stranslation, stooped under the table to look for it.
a few momentswere spent in the search, before he discovered that euphra's footwas upon it.
he begged her to move a little, but received no replyeither by word or act.
looking up in some alarm, he saw that shewas either asleep or in a faint.
by an impulse inexplicable tohimself at the time, he went at once to the windows, and drew downthe green blinds.
when he turned towards her again, she wasreviving or awaking, he could not tell which.
"how stupid of me to go to sleep!"
"let us go on with ourreading."
they had read for about half an hour, when three taps upon one ofthe windows, slight, but peculiar, and as if given with the point ofa finger, suddenly startled them.
hugh turned at once towards thewindows; but, of course, he could see nothing, having just loweredthe blinds.
he turned again towards euphra.
she had a strange wildlook; her lips were slightly parted, and her nostrils wide; her facewas rigid, and glimmering pale as death from the cloud of her blackhair.
"what was it?"
said hugh, affected by her fear with the horror ofthe unknown.
but she made no answer, and continued staring towardsone of the windows.
he rose and was about to advance to it, whenshe caught him by the hand with a grasp of which hers would havebeen incapable except under the influence of terror.
at that momenta clock in the room began to strike.
it was a slow clock, and wenton deliberately, striking one...two...three...till it had strucktwelve.
every stroke was a blow from the hammer of fear, and hisheart was the bell.
he could not breathe for dread so long as theawful clock was striking.
when it had ended, they looked at eachother again, and hugh breathed once.
but she made no answer; she turned her eyes again to one of thewindows.
they were both standing.
he sought to draw her to him,but she yielded no more than a marble statue.
"i crossed the ghost's walk to-night," said he, in a hard whisper,scarcely knowing that he uttered it, till he heard his own words.
they seemed to fall upon his ear as if spoken by some one outsidethe room.
she looked at him once more, and kept looking with afixed stare.
gradually her face became less rigid, and her eyesless wild.
she could move at last.
"come, come," she said, in a hurried whisper.
"let us go -- no, no,not that way;" -- as hugh would have led her towards the privatestair -- "let us go the front way, by the oak staircase."
they went up together.
when they reached the door of her room, shesaid, "good night," without even looking at him, and passed in.
hugh went on, in a state of utter bewilderment, to his ownapartment; shut the door and locked it -- a thing he had never donebefore; lighted both the candles on his table; and then walked upand down the room, trying, like one aware that he is dreaming, tocome to his real self.
he said at last.
"it was only a little bird, or a largemoth.
how odd it is that darkness can make a fool of one!
i amashamed of myself.
i wish i had gone out at the window, if only toshow euphra i was not afraid, though of course there was nothing tobe seen."
as he said this in his mind, -- he could not have spoken it aloud, forfear of hearing his own voice in the solitude, -- he went to one ofthe windows of his sitting-room, which was nearly over the library,and looked into the wood.
-- could it be?
-- he did see somethingwhite, gliding through the wood, away in the direction of theghost's walk.
it vanished; and he saw it no more.
the morning was far advanced before he could go to bed.
when thefirst light of the aurora broke the sky, he looked out again; -- andthe first glimmerings of the morning in the wood were more dreadfulthan the deepest darkness of the past night.
possessed by a newhorror, he thought how awful it would be to see a belated ghost,hurrying away in helpless haste.
the spectre would be yet moreterrible in the grey light of the coming day, and the azure breezesof the morning, which to it would be like a new and more fearfuldeath, than amidst its own homely sepulchral darkness; while thesilence all around -- silence in light -- could befit only that dreadseason of loneliness when men are lost in sleep, and ghosts, if theywalk at all, walk in dismay.
but at length fear yielded to sleep, though still he troubled hershort reign.
when he awoke, he found it so late, that it was all he could do toget down in time for breakfast.
but so anxious was he not to belater than usual, that he was in the room before mr. arnold made hisappearance.
euphra, however, was there before him.
she greeted himin the usual way, quite circumspectly.
but she looked troubled.
her face was very pale, and her eyes were red, as if fromsleeplessness or weeping.
when her uncle entered, she addressed himwith more gaiety than usual, and he did not perceive that anythingwas amiss with her.
but the whole of that day she walked as in areverie, avoiding hugh two or three times that they chanced to meetwithout a third person in the neighbourhood.
once in theforenoon -- when she was generally to be found in her room -- he couldnot refrain from trying to see her.
the change and the mystery wereinsupportable to him.
but when he tapped at her door, no answercame; and he walked back to harry, feeling, as if, by an unknowndoor in his own soul, he had been shut out of the half of his being.
or rather -- a wall seemed to have been built right before his eyes,which still was there wherever he went.
as to the gliding phantom of the previous night, the day denied itall, telling him it was but the coinage of his own over-wroughtbrain, weakened by prolonged tension of the intellect, and excitedby the presence of euphra at an hour claimed by phantoms when notyielded to sleep.
this was the easiest and most natural way ofdisposing of the difficulty.
the cloud around euphra hid the ghostin its skirts.
although fear in some measure returned with the returning shadows,he yet resolved to try to get euphra to meet him again in thelibrary that night.
but she never gave him a chance of evendropping a hint to that purpose.
she had not gone out with them inthe morning; and when he followed her into the drawing-room, she wasalready at the piano.
he thought he might convey his wish withoutinterrupting the music; but as often as he approached her, shebroke, or rather glided, out into song, as if she had been singingin an undertone all the while.
he could not help seeing she did notintend to let him speak to her.
but, all the time, whatever shesang was something she knew he liked; and as often as she spoke tohim in the hearing of her uncle or cousin, it was in a mannerpeculiarly graceful and simple.
he could not understand her; and was more bewitched, more fascinatedthan ever, by seeing her through the folds of the incomprehensible,in which element she had wrapped herself from his nearer vision.
she had always seemed above him -- now she seemed miles away as well;a region of paradise, into which he was forbidden to enter.
everything about her, to her handkerchief and her gloves, washaunted by a vague mystery of worshipfulness, and drew him towardsit with wonder and trembling.
when they parted for the night, sheshook hands with him with a cool frankness, that put him nearlybeside himself with despair; and when he found himself in his ownroom, it was some time before he could collect his thoughts.
havingsucceeded, however, he resolved, in spite of growing fears, to go tothe library, and see whether it were not possible she might bethere.
he took up a candle, and went down the back stair.
but whenhe opened the library door, a gust of wind blew his candle out; allwas darkness within; a sudden horror seized him; and, afraid ofyielding to the inclination to bound up the stair, lest he should gowild with the terror of pursuit, he crept slowly back, feeling hisway to his own room with a determined deliberateness.
-- could thelibrary window have been left open?
else whence the gust of wind?
next day, and the next, and the next, he fared no better: herbehaviour continued the same; and she allowed him no opportunity ofrequesting an explanation.
a man may be a heretic in the truth; and if he believe things onlybecause his pastor says so, or the assembly so determines, withoutknowing other reason, though his belief be true, yet the very truthhe holds becomes his heresy.--milton.--areopagitica.
at length the expected visitors arrived.
hugh saw nothing of themtill they assembled for dinner.
mrs. elton was a benevolent oldlady -- not old enough to give in to being old -- rather tall, andrather stout, in rich widow-costume, whose depth had been moderatedby time.
her kindly grey eyes looked out from a calm face, whichseemed to have taken comfort from loving everybody in a mild andmoderate fashion.
lady emily was a slender girl, rather shy, withfair hair, and a pale innocent face.
she wore a violet dress, whichput out her blue eyes.
she showed to no advantage beside thesuppressed glow of life which made euphra look like a tropicaltwilight -- i am aware there is no such thing, but if there were, itwould be just like her.
mrs. elton seemed to have concentrated the motherhood of her nature,which was her most prominent characteristic, notwithstanding -- orperhaps in virtue of -- her childlessness, upon lady emily.
to hermrs. elton was solicitously attentive; and she, on her part,received it all sweetly and gratefully, taking no umbrage at beingtreated as more of an invalid than she was.
lady emily ate nothing but chicken, and custard-pudding or rice, allthe time she was at arnstead.
the richer and more seasoned any dish, the more grateful it was toeuphra.
mr. arnold was a saddle-of-mutton man.
hugh preferred roast-beef, but ate anything.
"what sort of a clergyman have you now, mr.
asked mrs.elton, at the dinner-table.
a very respectable young gentleman, brother to sir richard, whohas the gift, you know.
a very moderate, excellent clergyman hemakes, too!"
but you know, lady emily and i" -- here she looked at ladyemily, who smiled and blushed faintly, "are very dependent on oursundays, and" --"we all go to church regularly, i assure you, mrs. elton; and ofcourse my carriage shall be always at your disposal."
"i was in no doubt about either of those things, indeed, mr. arnold.
but what sort of a preacher is he?"
let me see.
-- what was the subject of his sermon lastsunday, euphra, my dear?"
"the devil and all his angels," answered euphra, with a wicked flashin her eyes.
"yes, yes; so it was.
i assure you, mrs. elton, he is quite arespectable preacher, as well as clergyman.
he is an honour to thecloth."
hugh could not help thinking that the tailor should have his due,and that mr. arnold gave it him.
"he is no puseyite either," added mr. arnold, seeing but notunderstanding mrs. elton's baffled expression, "though he doespreach once a month in his surplice."
"i am afraid you will not find him very original, though," saidhugh, wishing to help the old lady.
interposed mr. arnold.
"really, i am bound to say idon't know how the remark applies.
how is a man to be original on asubject that is all laid down in plain print -- to use a vulgarexpression -- and has been commented upon for eighteen hundred yearsand more?"
"very true, mr. arnold," responded mrs. elton.
"we don't wantoriginality, do we?
it is only the gospel we want.
does he preachthe gospel?"
"how can he preach anything else?
his text is always out of somepart of the bible."
"i am glad to see you hold by the inspiration of the scriptures, mr.arnold," said mrs. elton, chaotically bewildered.
madam, what do you mean?
could you for a momentsuppose me to be an atheist?
surely you have not become a studentof german neology?"
and mr. arnold smiled a grim smile.
"not i, indeed!"
protested poor mrs. elton, moving uneasily in herseat; -- "i quite agree with you, mr.
"then you may take my word for it, that you will hear nothing butwhat is highly orthodox, and perfectly worthy of a gentleman and aclergyman, from the pulpit of mr. penfold.
he dined with us onlylast week."
this last assertion was made in an injured tone, just sufficient tocurl the tail of the sentence.
after which, what was to be said?
several vain attempts followed, before a new subject was started,sufficiently uninteresting to cause, neither from warmth norstupidity, any danger of dissension, and quite worthy of being hereomitted.
dinner over, and the ceremony of tea -- in lady emily's case, milk andwater -- having been observed, the visitors withdrew.
the next day was sunday.
lady emily came down stairs in black,which suited her better.
she was a pretty, gentle creature,interesting from her illness, and good, because she knew no evil,except what she heard of from the pulpit.
they walked to church,which was at no great distance, along a meadow-path paved withflags, some of them worn through by the heavy shoes of countrygenerations.
the church was one of those which are, in somemeasure, typical of the church itself; for it was very old, andwould have been very beautiful, had it not been all plastered over,and whitened to a smooth uniformity of ugliness -- the attempt havingbeen more successful in the case of the type.
the open roof had hada french heaven added to it -- i mean a ceiling; and the pillars,which, even if they were not carved -- though it was impossible tocome to a conclusion on that point -- must yet have been worn into thebeauty of age, had been filled up, and stained with yellow ochre.
even the remnants of stained glass in some of the windows, werehalf concealed by modern appliances for the partial exclusion of thelight.
the church had fared as chaucer in the hands of dryden.
sohad the truth, that flickered through the sermon, fared in the handsof the clergyman, or of the sermon-wright whose manuscript he hadbought for eighteen pence -- i am told that sermons are to be procuredat that price -- on his last visit to london.
having, although ascotchman, had an episcopalian education, hugh could not helprejoicing that not merely the bible, but the church-service as well,had been fixed beyond the reach of such degenerating influences asthose which had operated on the more material embodiments ofreligion; for otherwise such would certainly have been the first tooperate, and would have found the greatest scope in any alteration.
we may hope that nothing but a true growth in such religion asneeds and seeks new expression for new depth and breadth of feeling,will ever be permitted to lay the hand of change upon it -- a hand,otherwise, of desecration and ruin.
the sermon was chiefly occupied with proving that god is norespecter of persons; a mark of indubitable condescension in theclergyman, the rank in society which he could claim for himself dulyconsidered.
but, unfortunately, the church was so constructed, thatits area contained three platforms of position, actually ofdiffering level; the loftiest, in the chancel, on the right hand ofthe pulpit, occupied by the gentry; the middle, opposite the pulpit,occupied by the tulip-beds of their servants; and the third, on theleft of the pulpit, occupied by the common parishioners.
unfortunately, too, by the perpetuation of some old custom, whosesignificance was not worn out, all on the left of the pulpit wereexpected, as often as they stood up to sing -- which was threetimes -- to turn their backs to the pulpit, and so face away from thechancel where the gentry stood.
but there was not muchinconsistency, after all; the sermon founding its argument chieflyon the antithetical facts, that death, lowering the rich to thelevel of the poor, was a dead leveller; and that, on the other hand,the life to come would raise the poor to the level of the rich.
itwas a pity that there was no phrase in the language to justify himin carrying out the antithesis, and so balancing his sentence like arope-walker, by saying that life was a live leveller.
the sermonended with a solemn warning: "those who neglect the gospel-scheme,and never think of death and judgment -- be they rich or poor, be theywise or ignorant -- whether they dwell in the palace or the hut -- shallbe damned.
glory be to the father, and to the son, and to the holyghost," &c.lady emily was forced to confess that she had not been muchinterested in the sermon.
mrs. elton thought he spoke plainly, butthere was not much of the gospel in it.
mr. arnold opined thatpeople should not go to church to hear sermons, but to make theresponses; whoever read prayers, it made no difference, for theprayers were the church's, not the parson's; and for the sermon, aslong as it showed the uneducated how to be saved, and taught them todo their duty in the station of life to which god had called them,and so long as the parson preached neither puseyism norradicalism -- (he frowned solemnly and disgustedly as he repeated theword) -- nor radicalism, it was of comparatively little moment whetherhe was a man of intellect or not, for he could not go wrong.
little was said in reply to this, except something not very audibleor definite, by mrs. elton, about the necessity of faith.
theconversation, which took place at luncheon, flagged, and thevisitors withdrew to their respective rooms, to comfort themselveswith their daily portions.
at dinner, mr. arnold, evidently believing he had made an impressionby his harangue of the morning, resumed the subject.
hugh was alittle surprised to find that he had, even of a negative sort,strong opinions on the subject of religion.
"what do you think, then, mrs. elton, my dear madam, that aclergyman ought to preach?"
"i think, mr. arnold, that he ought to preach salvation by faith inthe merits of the saviour."
of course, of course.
we shall not differ about that.
everybody believes that."
"i doubt it very much.
-- he ought, in order that men may believe, toexplain the divine plan, by which the demands of divine justice aresatisfied, and the punishment due to sin averted from the guilty,and laid upon the innocent; that, by bearing our sins, he might makeatonement to the wrath of a justly offended god; and so --""now, my dear madam, permit me to ask what right we, the subjects ofa supreme authority, have to inquire into the reasons of his doings?
it seems to me -- i should be sorry to offend any one, but it seemsto me quite as presumptuous as the present arrogance of the lowerclasses in interfering with government, and demanding a right togive their opinion, forsooth, as to the laws by which they shall begoverned; as if they were capable of understanding the principles bywhich kings rule, and governors decree justice.
-- i believe i quotescripture."
"are we, then, to remain in utter ignorance of the divinecharacter?"
"what business have we with the divine character?
or how could weunderstand it?
it seems to me we have enough to do with our own.
do i inquire into the character of my sovereign?
all we have to dois, to listen to what we are told by those who are educated for suchstudies, whom the church approves, and who are appointed to takecare of the souls committed to their charge; to teach them torespect their superiors, and to lead honest, hard-working lives."
much more of the same sort flowed from the oracular lips of mr.arnold.
when he ceased, he found that the conversation had ceasedalso.
as soon as the ladies withdrew, he said, without looking athugh, as he filled his glass:"mr. sutherland, i hate cant."
and so he canted against it.
but the next day, and during the whole week, he seemed to layhimself out to make amends for the sharpness of his remarks on thesunday.
he was afraid he had made his guests uncomfortable, and sosinned against his own character as a host.
everything that hecould devise, was brought to bear for their entertainment; dailyrides in the open carriage, in which he always accompanied them, toshow his estate, and the improvements he was making upon it; visitssometimes to the more deserving, as he called them, of the poor uponhis property -- the more deserving being the most submissive andobedient to the wishes of their lord; inspections of the schools,&c., &c.; in all of which matters he took a stupid, benevolentinterest.
for if people would be content to occupy the corner inwhich he chose to place them, he would throw them morsel aftermorsel, as long as ever they chose to pick it up.
but woe to themif they left this corner a single pace!
euphra made one of the party always; and it was dreary indeed forhugh to be left in the desolate house without her, though but for afew hours.
and when she was at home, she never yet permitted him tospeak to her alone.
there might have been some hope for harry in hugh's separation fromeuphra; but the result was, that, although he spent school-hoursmore regularly with him, hugh was yet more dull, and uninterested inthe work, than he had been before.
instead of caring that his pupilshould understand this or that particular, he would be speculatingon euphra's behaviour, trying to account for this or that individuallook or tone, or seeking, perhaps, a special symbolic meaning insome general remark that she had happened to let fall.
meanwhile,poor harry would be stupifying himself with work which he could notunderstand for lack of some explanation or other that ought to havebeen given him weeks ago.
still, however, he clung to hugh with afar-off, worshipping love, never suspecting that he could be toblame, but thinking at one time that he must be ill, at another thathe himself was really too stupid, and that his big brother could nothelp getting tired of him.
when hugh would be wandering about theplace, seeking to catch a glimpse of the skirt of euphra's dress, asshe went about with her guests, or devising how he could procure aninterview with her alone, harry would be following him at adistance, like a little terrier that had lost its master, and didnot know whether this man would be friendly or not; never spying onhis actions, but merely longing to be near him -- for had not hugh sethim going in the way of life, even if he had now left him to walk init alone?
if hugh could have once seen into that warm, true, pininglittle heart, he would not have neglected it as he did.
he had noeyes, however, but for euphra.
still, it may be that even now harry was able to gather, though withtears, some advantage from hugh's neglect.
he used to wander aboutalone; and it may be that the hints which his tutor had alreadygiven him, enabled him now to find for himself the interestbelonging to many objects never before remarked.
perhaps even nowhe began to take a few steps alone; the waking independence of whichwas of more value for the future growth of his nature, than athousand miles accomplished by the aid of the strong arm of histutor.
one certain advantage was, that the constitutional troubleof the boy's nature had now assumed a definite form, by gatheringaround a definite object, and blending its own shadowy being withthe sorrow he experienced from the loss of his tutor's sympathy.
should that sorrow ever be cleared away, much besides might becleared away along with it.
meantime, nature found some channels, worn by his grief, throughwhich her comforts, that, like waters, press on all sides, and enterat every cranny and fissure in the house of life, might gently flowinto him with their sympathetic soothing.
often he would creep awayto the nest which hugh had built and then forsaken; and seated therein the solitude of the wide-bourgeoned oak, he would sometimes feelfor a moment as if lifted up above the world and its sorrows, to bevisited by an all-healing wind from god, that came to him, throughthe wilderness of leaves around him -- gently, like all powerfulthings.
but i am putting the boy's feelings into forms and words for him.
he had none of either for them.
when the mind's free,the body's delicate: the tempest in my minddoth from my senses take all feeling elsesave what beats there.
while harry took to wandering abroad in the afternoon sun, hugh, onthe contrary, found the bright weather so distasteful to him, thathe generally trifled away his afternoons with some old romance inthe dark library, or lay on the couch in his study, listless andsuffering.
he could neither read nor write.
what he felt he mustdo he did; but nothing more.
one day, about noon, the weather began to change.
in the afternoonit grew dark; and hugh, going to the window, perceived withdelight -- the first he had experienced for many days -- that a greatthunder-storm was at hand.
harry was rather frightened; but underhis fear, there evidently lay a deep delight.
the storm came nearerand nearer; till at length a vivid flash broke from the mass ofdarkness over the woods, lasted for one brilliant moment, andvanished.
the thunder followed, like a pursuing wild beast, closeon the traces of the vanishing light; as if the darkness werehunting the light from the earth, and bellowing with rage that itcould not overtake and annihilate it.
without the usual prelude ofa few great drops, the rain poured at once, in continuous streams,from the dense canopy overhead; and in a few moments there were sixinches of water all round the house, which the force of the fallingstreams made to foam, and fume, and flash like a seething torrent.
harry had crept close to hugh, who stood looking out of the window;and as if the convulsion of the elements had begun to clear thespiritual and moral, as well as the physical atmosphere, hugh lookeddown on the boy kindly, and put his arm round his shoulders.
harrynestled closer, and wished it would thunder for ever.
but longingto hear his tutor's voice, he ventured to speak, looking up to hisface:"euphra says it is only electricity, mr. sutherland.
what is that?"
a common tutor would have seized the opportunity of explaining whathe knew of the laws and operations of electricity.
but hugh hadbeen long enough a pupil of david to feel that to talk at such atime of anything in nature but god, would be to do the boy a seriouswrong.
one capable of so doing would, in the presence of thesaviour himself, speculate on the nature of his own faith; or uponthe death of his child, seize the opportunity of lecturing onanatomy.
but before hugh could make any reply, a flash, almostinvisible from excess of light, was accompanied rather than followedby a roar that made the house shake; and in a moment more the roomwas filled with the terrified household, which, by an unreasoningimpulse, rushed to the neighbourhood of him who was considered thestrongest.
-- mr. arnold was not at home.
"come from the window instantly, mr. sutherland.
how can you be soimprudent!"
cried mrs. elton, her usually calm voice elevated incommand, but tremulous with fear.
"why, mrs. elton," answered hugh on whose temper, as well asconduct, recent events had had their operation, "do you think thedevil makes the thunder?"
lady emily gave a faint shriek, whether out of reverence for thedevil, or fear of god, i hesitate to decide; and flitting out of theroom, dived into her bed, and drew the clothes over her head -- atleast so she was found at a later period of the day.
euphra walkedup to the window beside hugh, as if to show her approval of hisrudeness; and stood looking out with eyes that filled their ownnight with home-born flashes, though her lip was pale, and quivereda little.
mrs. elton, confounded at hugh's reply, and perhapsfearing the house might in consequence share the fate of sodom,notwithstanding the presence of a goodly proportion of therighteous, fled, accompanied by the housekeeper, to the wine-cellar.
the rest of the household crept into corners, except the coachman,who, retaining his composure, in virtue of a greater degree ofinsensibility from his nearer approximation to the inanimatecreation, emptied the jug of ale intended for the dinner of thecompany, and went out to look after his horses.
but there was one in the house who, left alone, threw the windowwide open; and, with gently clasped hands and calm countenance,looked up into the heavens; and the clearness of whose eye seemedthe prophetic symbol of the clearness that rose all untroubled abovethe turmoil of the earthly storm.
truly god was in the storm; butthere was more of god in the clear heaven beyond; and yet more ofhim in the eye that regarded the whole with a still joy, in whichwas mingled no dismay.
euphra, hugh, and harry were left together, looking out upon thestorm.
hugh could not speak in harry's presence.
at length the boysat down in a dark corner on the floor, concealed from the others bya window-curtain.
hugh thought he had left the room.
"euphra," he began.
euphra looked round for harry, and not seeing him, thought likewisethat he had left the room: she glided away without making any answerto hugh's invocation.
he stood for a few moments in motionless despair; then glancinground the room, and taking in all its desertedness, caught up hishat, and rushed out into the storm.
it was the best relief hisfeelings could have had; for the sullen gloom, alternated withbursts of flame, invasions of horrid uproar, and long wailing blastsof tyrannous wind, gave him his own mood to walk in; met his spiritwith its own element; widened, as it were, his microcosm to theexpanse of the macrocosm around him.
all the walls of separationwere thrown down, and he lived, not in his own frame, but in theuniversal frame of nature.
the world was for the time, to thereality of his feeling, what schleiermacher, in his monologen,describes it as being to man, an extension of the body in which hedwells.
his spirit flashed in the lightning, raved in the thunder,moaned in the wind, and wept in the rain.
but this could not last long, either without or within him.
he came to himself in the woods.
how far he had wandered, orwhereabout he was, he did not know.
the storm had died away, andall that remained was the wind and the rain.
the tree-tops swayedwildly in the irregular blasts, and shook new, fitful, distracted,and momentary showers upon him.
it was evening, but what hour ofthe evening he could not tell.
he was wet to the skin; but that toa young scotchman is a matter of little moment.
although he had no intention of returning home for some time, andmeant especially to avoid the dinner-table -- for, in the mood he wasin, it seemed more than he could endure -- he yet felt the weakness towhich we are subject as embodied beings, in a common enough form;that, namely, of the necessity of knowing the precise portion ofspace which at the moment we fill; a conviction of our identity notbeing sufficient to make us comfortable, without a knowledge of ourlocality.
so, looking all about him, and finding where the woodseemed thinnest, he went in that direction; and soon, by forcing hisway through obstacles of all salvage kinds, found himself in thehigh road, within a quarter of a mile of the country town next toarnstead, removed from it about three miles.
this little town heknew pretty well; and, beginning to feel exhausted, resolved to goto an inn there, dry his clothes, and then walk back in themoonlight; for he felt sure the storm would be quite over in an houror so.
the fatigue he now felt was proof enough in itself, that theinward storm had, for the time, raved itself off; and now -- must itbe confessed?
-- he wished very much for something to eat and drink.
he was soon seated by a blazing fire, with a chop and a jug of alebefore him.
the nightmareshall call thee when it walks.
the inn to which hugh had betaken himself, though not the first inthe town, was yet what is called a respectable house, and waspossessed of a room of considerable size, in which the farmers ofthe neighbourhood were accustomed to hold their gatherings.
whileeating his dinner, hugh learned from the conversation aroundhim -- for he sat in the kitchen for the sake of the fire -- that thisroom was being got ready for a lecture on bilology, as the landladycalled it.
bills in red and blue had been posted all over the town;and before he had finished his dinner, the audience had begun toarrive.
partly from curiosity about a subject of which he knewnothing, and partly because it still rained, and, having got nearlydry, he did not care about a second wetting if he could help it,hugh resolved to make one of them.
so he stood by the fire till hewas informed that the lecturer had made his appearance, when he wentup-stairs, paid his shilling, and was admitted to one of the frontseats.
the room was tolerably lighted with gas; and a platform hadbeen constructed for the lecturer and his subjects.
when the placewas about half-filled, he came from another room alone -- a little,thick-set, bull-necked man, with vulgar face and rusty blackclothes; and, mounting the platform, commenced his lecture; iflecture it could be called, in which there seemed to be no order,and scarcely any sequence.
no attempt even at a theory, showeditself in the mass of what he called facts and scientific truths;and he perpeturated the most awful blunders in his english.
it willnot be desired that i should give any further account of such alecture.
the lecturer himself seemed to depend chiefly for hissuccess, upon the manifestations of his art which he proceeded tobring forward.
he called his familiar by the name of willi-am, anda stunted, pale-faced, dull-looking youth started up from somewhere,and scrambled upon the platform beside his master.
upon thistutored slave a number of experiments was performed.
he was firstcast into whatever abnormal condition is necessary for theoperations of biology, and then compelled to make a fool of himselfby exhibiting actions the most inconsistent with his realcircumstances and necessities.
but, aware that all this was open tothe most palpable objection of collusion, the operator next invitedany of the company that pleased, to submit themselves to hisinfluences.
after a pause of a few moments, a stout country fellow,florid and healthy, got up and slouched to the platform.
certainly,whatever might be the nature of the influence that was brought tobear, its operative power could not, with the least probability, beattributed to an over-activity of imagination in either of thesubjects submitted to its exercise.
in the latter, as well as inthe former case, the operator was eminently successful; and theclown returned to his seat, looking remarkably foolish and consciousof disgrace -- a sufficient voucher to most present, that in this caseat least there had been no collusion.
several others volunteeredtheir negative services; but with no one of them did he succeed sowell; and in one case the failure was evident.
the lecturerpretended to account for this, in making some confused andunintelligible remarks about the state of the weather, thethunder-storm, electricity, &c., of which things he evidently didnot understand the best known laws.
"the blundering idiot!"
growled, close to hugh's ear, a voice with aforeign accent.
he looked round sharply.
a tall, powerful, eminently handsome man, with a face as foreign ashis tone and accent, sat beside him.
"i beg your pardon," he said to hugh; "i thought aloud."
"i should like to know, if you wouldn't mind telling me, what youdetect of the blunderer in him.
i am quite ignorant of thesematters."
"i have had many opportunities of observing them; and i see at oncethat this man, though he has the natural power, is excessivelyignorant of the whole subject."
this was all the answer he vouchsafed to hugh's modest inquiry.
hugh had not yet learned that one will always fare better byconcealing than by acknowledging ignorance.
the man, whatever hiscapacity, who honestly confesses even a partial ignorance, willinstantly be treated as more or less incapable, by the ordinary manwho has already gained a partial knowledge, or is capable ofassuming a knowledge which he does not possess.
but, for god'ssake!
let the honest and modest man stick to his honesty andmodesty, cost what they may.
hugh was silent, and fixed his attention once more on what was goingon.
but presently he became aware that the foreigner wasscrutinizing him with the closest attention.
he knew this, somehow,without having looked round; and the knowledge was accompanied witha feeling of discomfort that caused him to make a restless movementon his seat.
presently he felt that the annoyance had ceased; butnot many minutes had passed, before it again commenced.
in order torelieve himself from a feeling which he could only compare to thatwhich might be produced by the presence of the dead, he turnedtowards his neighbour so suddenly, that it seemed for a moment toembarrass him, his eyes being caught in the very act of devouringthe stolen indulgence.
but the stranger recovered himself instantlywith the question:"will you permit me to ask of what country you are?"
hugh thought he made the request only for the sake of covering hisrudeness; and so merely answered:"why, an englishman, of course."
yes; it is not necessary to be told that.
but it seems to me,from your accent, that you are a scotchman."
"so i am."
"i was born in the highlands.
but if you are very anxious to knowmy pedigree, i have no reason for concealing the fact that i am, bybirth, half a scotchman and half a welchman."
the foreigner riveted his gaze, though but for the briefest momentsufficient to justify its being called a gaze, once more upon hugh;and then, with a slight bow, as of acquiescence, turned towards thelecturer.
when the lecture was over, and hugh was walking away in the midst ofthe withdrawing audience, the stranger touched him on the shoulder.
"you said that you would like to know more of this science: will youcome to my lodging?"
"with pleasure," hugh answered; though the look with which heaccompanied the words, must have been one rather of surprise.
"you are astonished that a stranger should invite you so.
youenglish always demand an introduction.
there is mine."
he handed hugh a card: herr von funkelstein.
hugh happened to beprovided with one in exchange.
the two walked out of the inn, along the old high street, full ofgables and all the delightful irregularities of an old country-town,till they came to a court, down which herr von funkelstein led theway.
he let himself in with a pass-key at a low door, and then conductedhugh, by a stair whose narrowness was equalled by its steepness, toa room, which, though not many yards above the level of the court,was yet next to the roof of the low house.
hugh could see nothingtill his conductor lighted a candle.
then he found himself in arather large room with a shaky floor and a low roof.
achintz-curtained bed in one corner had the skin of a tiger thrownover it; and a table in another had a pair of foils lying upon it.
the german -- for such he seemed to hugh -- offered him a chair in thepolitest manner; and hugh sat down.
"i am only in lodgings here," said the host; "so you will forgivethe poverty of my establishment."
"there is no occasion for forgiveness, i assure you," answered hugh.
"you wished to know something of the subject with which thatlecturer was befooling himself and the audience at the same time."
"i shall be grateful for any enlightenment."
it is a subject for the study of a benevolent scholar, not forsuch a clown as that.
he jumps at no conclusions; yet he shares thefate of one who does: he flounders in the mire between.
no man willmake anything of it who has not the benefit of the human race atheart.
humanity is the only safe guide in matters such as these.
this is a dangerous study indeed in unskilful hands."
here a frightful caterwauling interrupted herr von funkelstein.
theroom had a storm-window, of which the lattice stood open.
in frontof it, on the roof, seen against a white house opposite, stood ademon of a cat, arched to half its length, with a tail expanded todouble its natural thickness.
its antagonist was invisible fromwhere hugh sat.
von funkelstein started up without making theslightest noise, trod as softly as a cat to the table, took up oneof the foils, removed the button, and, creeping close to the window,made one rapid pass at the enemy, which vanished with a shriek ofhatred and fear.
he then, replacing the button, laid the foil down,and resumed his seat and his discourse.
this, after dealing withgeneralities and commonplaces for some time, gave no sign of comingeither to an end or to the point.
all the time he was watchinghugh -- at least so hugh thought -- as if speculating on him in general.
then appearing to have come to some conclusion, he gave his mindmore to his talk, and encouraged hugh to speak as well.
theconversation lasted for nearly half an hour.
at its close, hughfelt that the stranger had touched upon a variety of interestingsubjects, as one possessed of a minute knowledge of them.
but hedid not feel that he had gained any insight from his conversation.
it seemed rather as if he had been giving him a number ofpsychological, social, literary, and scientific receipts.
duringthe course of the talk, his eye had appeared to rest on hugh by akind of compulsion; as if by its own will it would have retired fromthe scrutiny, but the will of its owner was too strong for it.
itseemed, in relation to him, to be only a kind of tool, which he usedfor a particular purpose.
at length funkelstein rose, and, marching across the room to acupboard, brought out a bottle and glasses, saying, in the mostby-the-bye way, as he went:"have you the second-sight, mr.
"certainly not, as far as i am aware."
the welch do have it, do they not?"
yes, of course," answered hugh laughing.
"i should like toknow, though," he added, "whether they inherit the gift as celts oras mountaineers."
"will you take a glass of -- ?"
"of nothing, thank you," answered and interrupted hugh.
"it is timefor me to be going.
indeed, i fear i have stayed too long already.
good night, herr von funkelstein."
"you will allow me the honour of returning your visit?"
hugh felt he could do no less, although he had not the smallestdesire to keep up the acquaintance.
he wrote arnstead on his card.
as he left the house, he stumbled over something in the court.
looking down, he saw it was a cat, apparently dead.
"can it be the cat herr funkelstein made the pass at?"
but presently he forgot all about it, in the visions of euphrawhich filled his mind during his moonlight walk home.
it justoccurred to him, however, before those visions had blottedeverything else from his view, that he had learned simply nothingwhatever about biology from his late host.
when he reached home, he was admitted by the butler, and retired tobed at once, where he slept soundly, for the first time for manynights.
but, as he drew near his own room, he might have seen, though he sawnot, a little white figure gliding away in the far distance of thelong passage.
it was only harry, who could not lie still in hisbed, till he knew that his big brother was safe at home.
this eneas is come to paradiseout of the swolowe of hell.
chaucer.--legend of dido.
the next day, hugh was determined to find or make an opportunity ofspeaking to euphra; and fortune seemed to favour him.
-- or was iteuphra herself, in one or other of her inexplicable moods?
at allevents, she had that morning allowed the ladies and her uncle to gowithout her; and hugh met her as he went to his study.
"may i speak to you for one moment?"
said he, hurriedly, and withtrembling lips.
"yes, certainly," she replied with a smile, and a glance in his faceas of wonder as to what could trouble him so much.
then turning,and leading the way, she said:"come into my room."
he followed her.
she turned and shut the door, which he had leftopen behind him.
he almost knelt to her; but something held himback from that.
"euphra," he said, "what have i done to offend you?"
-- this was uttered in a perfect tone ofsurprise.
"how is it that you avoid me as you do, and will not allow me onemoment's speech with you?
you are driving me to distraction."
"why, you foolish man!"
she answered, half playfully, pressing thepalms of her little hands together, and looking up in his face, "howcan i?
don't you see how those two dear old ladies swallow me up intheir faddles?
i wish they would go.
then itwould be all right again -- wouldn't it?"
but hugh was not to be so easily satisfied.
"before they came, ever since that night --""hush-sh!"
she interrupted, putting her finger on his lips, andlooking hurriedly round her with an air of fright, of which he couldhardly judge whether it was real or assumed -- "hush!"
comforted wondrously by the hushing finger, hugh would yetunderstand more.
"i am no baby, dear euphra," he said, taking hold of the hand towhich the finger belonged, and laying it on his mouth; "do not makeone of me.
there is some mystery in all this -- at least something ido not understand."
"i will tell you all about it one day.
but, seriously, you must becareful how you behave to me; for if my uncle should, but for onemoment, entertain a suspicion -- good-bye to you -- perhaps good-bye toarnstead.
all my influence with him comes from his thinking that ilike him better than anybody else.
so you must not make the poorold man jealous.
by the bye," she went on -- rapidly, as if she wouldturn the current of the conversation aside -- "what a favourite youhave grown with him!
you should have heard him talk of you to theold ladies.
i might well be jealous of you.
there never was atutor like his."
hugh's heart smote him that the praise of even this common man,proud of his own vanity, should be undeserved by him.
he wastroubled, too, at the flippancy with which euphra spoke; yet not theless did he feel that he loved her passionately.
"i daresay," he replied, "he praised me as he would anything elsethat happened to be his.
isn't that old bay horse of his the besthack in the county?"
"you naughty man!
are you going to be satirical?"
"you claim that as your privilege, do you?"
"worse and worse!
i will not talk to you.
but, seriously, for imust go -- bring your italian to -- to --" she hesitated.
"to the library -- why not?"
"no-o," she answered, shaking her head, and looking quite solemn.
"well, will you come to my study?
will that please you better?"
"yes, i will," she answered, with a definitive tone.
she opened the door, and having looked out to see that no one waspassing, told him to go.
as he went, he felt as if the oaken floorwere elastic beneath his tread.
it was sometime after the household had retired, however, beforeeuphra made her appearance at the door of his study.
she seemedrather shy of entering, and hesitated, as if she felt she was doingsomething she ought not to do.
but as soon as she had entered, andthe door was shut, she appeared to recover herself quite; and theysat down at the table with their books.
they could not get on verywell with their reading, however.
hugh often forgot what he wasabout, in looking at her; and she seemed nowise inclined to averthis gazes, or check the growth of his admiration.
rather abruptly, but apparently starting from some suggestion in thebook, she said to him:"by the bye, has mr. arnold ever said anything to you about thefamily jewels?"
"no," said hugh.
"are there many?"
"yes, a great many.
mr. arnold is very proud of them, as well as ofthe portraits; so he treats them in the same way -- keeps them lockedup.
indeed he seldom allows them to see daylight, except it be as amark of especial favour to some one."
"i should like much to see them.
i have always been curious aboutstones.
they are wonderful, mysterious things to me."
euphra gave him a very peculiar, searching glance, as he spoke.
"shall i," he continued, "give him a hint that i should like to seethem?"
"by no means," answered euphra, emphatically, "except he shouldrefer to them himself.
he is very jealous of his possessions -- hisfamily possessions, i mean.
poor old man!
he has not much else toplume himself upon; has he?"
"he is kind to you, euphra."
she looked at him as if she did not understand him.
"you ought not to be unkind to him."
"you odd creature!
i am not unkind to him.
i like him.
but we arenot getting on with our reading.
what could have led me to talkabout family-jewels?
what a strange thing theassociation of ideas is!
there is not a very obvious connexionhere; is there?"
one cannot account for such things.
the links in the chain ofideas are sometimes slender enough.
yet the slenderest issufficient to enable the electric flash of thought to pass along theline."
she seemed pondering for a moment.
"that strikes me as a fine simile," she said.
"you ought to be apoet yourself."
hugh made no reply.
"i daresay you have hundreds of poems in that old desk, now?"
"i think they might be counted by tens."
"do let me see them."
"you would not care for them."
"wouldn't i, hugh?"
"i will, on one condition -- two conditions, i mean."
"what are they?"
"one is, that you show me yours."
"who told you i wrote verses?
that silly boy?"
"no -- i saw your verses before i saw you.
"it was very dishonourable in you to read them."
"i only saw they were verses.
i did not read a word."
"i forgive you, then.
you must show me yours first, till i seewhether i could venture to let you see mine.
if yours were very badindeed, then i might risk showing mine."
and much more of this sort, with which i will not weary my readers.
it ended in hugh's taking from the old escritoire a bundle ofpapers, and handing them to euphra.
but the reader need not fearthat i am going to print any of these verses.
i have more respectfor my honest prose page than to break it up so.
indeed, the wholeof this interview might have been omitted, but for twocircumstances.
one of them was, that in getting these papers, hughhad to open a concealed portion of the escritoire, which hismathematical knowledge had enabled him to discover.
it hadevidently not been opened for many years before he found it.
he hadmade use of it to hold the only treasures he had -- poor enoughtreasures, certainly!
not a loving note, not a lock of hair evenhad he -- nothing but the few cobwebs spun from his own brain.
it istrue, we are rich or poor according to what we are, not what wehave.
but what a man has produced, is not what he is.
he may evenimpoverish his true self by production.
when euphra saw him open this place, she uttered a suppressed cry ofastonishment.
said hugh, "you did not know of this hidie-hole, did you?"
"indeed, i did not.
i had used the desk myself, for this was afavourite room of mine before you came, but i never found that.
let me look."
she put her hand on his shoulder and leaned over him, as he pointedout the way of opening it.
"did you find nothing in it?"
she said, with a slight tremour in hervoice.
"there may be more places."
i have accounted for the whole bulk, i believe."
"but now you must give me my guerdon," said hugh timidly.
the fact was, the poor youth had bargained, in a playful manner, andyet with an earnest, covetous heart, for one, the first kiss, inreturn for the poems she begged to see.
she turned her face towards him.
the second circumstance which makes the interview worth recordingis, that, at this moment, three distinct knocks were heard on thewindow.
they sprang asunder, and saw each other's face pale asdeath.
in euphra's, the expression of fright was mingled with oneof annoyance.
hugh, though his heart trembled like a bird, leapedto the window.
nothing was to be seen but the trees that "stretchedtheir dark arms" within a few feet of the oriel.
turning againtowards euphra, he found, to his mortification, that she hadvanished -- and had left the packet of poems behind her.
he replaced them in their old quarters in the escritoire; and hisvague dismay at the unaccountable noises, was drowned in the bitterwaters of miserable humiliation.
he slept at last, from theexhaustion of disappointment.
when he awoke, however, he tried to persuade himself that he hadmade far too much of the trifling circumstance of her leaving theverses behind.
for was she not terrified?
-- why, then, did she leavehim and go alone to her own room?
-- she must have felt that she oughtnot to be in his, at that hour, and therefore dared not stay.
-- whydared not?
did she think the house was haunted by a ghost ofpropriety?
what rational theory could he invent to account for thestrange and repeated sounds?
-- he puzzled himself over it to theverge of absolute intellectual prostration.
he was generally the first in the breakfast-room; that is, aftereuphra, who was always the first.
she went up to him as he entered,and said, almost in a whisper:"have you got the poems for me?
she looked at him.
"no," he said at last.
-- "you never wanted them."
"that is very unkind; when you know i was frightened out of my wits.
do give me them."
"they are not worth giving you.
besides, i have not got them.
idon't carry them in my pocket.
they are in the escritoire.
icouldn't leave them lying about.
never mind them."
"i have a right to them," she said, looking up at him slyly andshyly.
"well, i gave you them, and you did not think them worth keeping.
ikept my part of the bargain."
she looked annoyed.
"never mind, dear euphra; you shall have them, or anything else ihave; -- the brain that made them, if you like."
"was it only the brain that had to do with the making of them?"
"perhaps the heart too; but you have that already."
her face flushed like a damask rose.
at that moment mrs. elton entered, and looked a little surprised.
euphra instantly said:"i think it is rather too bad of you, mr. sutherland, to keep thepoor boy so hard to his work, when you know he is not strong.
mrs.elton, i have been begging a holiday for poor harry, to let him gowith us to wotton house; but he has such a hard task-master!
hewill not hear of it."
the flush, which she could not get rid of all at once, was thus madeto do duty as one of displeasure.
mrs. elton was thoroughlydeceived, and united her entreaties to those of miss cameron.
hughwas compelled to join in the deception, and pretend to yield a slowconsent.
thus a holiday was extemporised for harry, subject to theapprobation of his father.
this was readily granted; and mr.arnold, turning to hugh, said:"you will have nothing to do, mr. sutherland: had you not betterjoin us?"
"with pleasure," replied he; "but the carriage will be full."
"you can take your horse."
"thank you very much.
the day was delightful; one of those grey summer-days, that are farbetter for an excursion than bright ones.
in the best of spirits,mounted on a good horse, riding alongside of the carriage in whichwas the lady who was all womankind to him, and who, without takingmuch notice of him, yet contrived to throw him a glance now andthen, hugh would have been overflowingly happy, but for an unquiet,distressed feeling, which all the time made him aware of thepresence of a sick conscience somewhere within.
mr. arnold wasexceedingly pleasant, for he was much taken with the sweetness andmodesty of lady emily, who, having no strong opinions upon anything,received those of mr. arnold with attentive submission.
he saw, orfancied he saw in her, a great resemblance to his deceased wife, towhom he had been as sincerely attached as his nature would allow.
in fact, lady emily advanced so rapidly in his good graces, thateither euphra was, or thought fit to appear, rather jealous of her.
she paid her every attention, however, and seemed to gratify mr.arnold by her care of the invalid.
she even joined in theentreaties which, on their way home, he made with evidentearnestness, for an extension of their visit to a month.
lady emilywas already so much better for the change, that mrs. elton made noobjection to the proposal.
euphra gave hugh one look of misery,and, turning again, insisted with increased warmth on theirimmediate consent.
it was gained without much difficulty beforethey reached home.
harry, too, was captivated by the gentle kindness of lady emily, andhardly took his eyes off her all the way; while, on the other hand,his delicate little attentions had already gained the heart of goodmrs. elton, who from the first had remarked and pitied the sad looksof the boy.
he's enoughto bring a woman to confusion,more than a wiser man, or a far greater.
when they reached the lodge, lady emily expressed a wish to walk upthe avenue to the house.
to this mr. arnold gladly consented.
thecarriage was sent round the back way; and hugh, dismounting, gavehis horse to the footman in attendance.
as they drew near thehouse, the rest of the party having stopped to look at an old treewhich was a favourite with its owner, hugh and harry were some yardsin advance; when the former spied, approaching them from the house,the distinguished figure of herr von funkelstein.
saluting as theymet, the visitor informed hugh that he had just been leaving hiscard for him, and would call some other morning soon; for, as he wasrusticating, he had little to occupy him.
hugh turned with himtowards the rest of the party, who were now close at hand; whenfunkelstein exclaimed, in a tone of surprise,"what!
miss cameron here!"
and advanced with a profound obeisance,holding his hat in his hand.
hugh thought he saw her look annoyed; but she held out her hand tohim, and, in a voice indicating -- still as it appeared to hugh -- somereluctance, introduced him to her uncle, with the words:"we met at sir edward laston's, when i was visiting mrs. elkingham,two years ago, uncle."
mr. arnold lifted his hat and bowed politely to the stranger.
hadeuphra informed him that, although a person of considerableinfluence in sir edward's household, herr von funkelstein had hisstanding there only as sir edward's private secretary, mr. arnold'saversion to foreigners generally would not have been so scrupulouslybanished into the background of his behaviour.
ordinary civilitiespassed between them, marked by an air of flattering deference onfunkelstein's part, which might have been disagreeable to a man lessuninterruptedly conscious of his own importance than mr. arnold; andthe new visitor turned once more, as if forgetful of his previousdirection, and accompanied them towards the house.
before theyreached it he had, even in that short space, ingratiated himself sofar with mr. arnold, that he asked him to stay and dine withthem -- an invitation which was accepted with manifest pleasure.
"mr. sutherland," said mr. arnold, "will you show your friendanything worth note about the place?
he has kindly consented todine with us; and in the meantime i have some letters to write."
"with pleasure," answered hugh.
but all this time he had been inwardly commenting on the appearanceof his friend, as mr. arnold called him, with the jealousy of ayouth in love; for was not funkelstein an old acquaintance of misscameron?
what might not have passed between them in that old hiddentime?
-- for love is jealous of the past as well as of the future.
love, as well as metaphysics, has a lasting quarrel with time andspace: the lower love fears them, while the higher defies them.
-- andhe could not help seeing that funkelstein was one to win favour inladies' eyes.
very regular features and a dark complexion werelighted up by eyes as black as euphra's, and capable of a wonderfulplay of light; while his form was remarkable for strength andsymmetry.
hugh felt that in any company he would attract immediateattention.
his long dark beard, of which just the centre wasremoved to expose a finely-turned chin, blew over each shoulder asoften as they met the wind in going round the house.
from what ihave heard of him from other deponents besides hugh, i should judgethat he did well to conceal the lines of his mouth in a longmoustache, which flowed into his bifurcated beard.
he had justenough of the foreign in his dress to add to the appearance offashion which it bore.
as they walked, hugh could not help observing an odd peculiarity inthe carriage of his companion.
it was, that, every few steps, hegave a backward and downward glance to the right, with a sweepingbend of his body, as if he were trying to get a view of the calf ofhis leg, or as if he fancied he felt something trailing at his foot.
so probable, from his motion, did the latter supposition seem, thathugh changed sides to satisfy himself whether or not there was somedragging briar or straw annoying him; but no follower was to bediscovered.
"you are a happy man, mr. sutherland," said the guest, "to liveunder the same roof with that beautiful miss cameron."
thought hugh; but he only said, affecting some surprise:"do you think her so beautiful?"
funkelstein's eyes were fixed upon him, as if to see the effect ofhis remark.
hugh felt them, and could not conform his face to theindifference of his words.
but his companion only answeredindifferently:"well, i should say so; but beauty is not, that is not beauty forus."
whether or not there was poison in the fork of this remark, hughcould only conjecture.
he made no reply.
as they walked about the precincts of the house, funkelstein askedmany questions of hugh, which his entire ignorance of domesticarchitecture made it impossible for him to answer.
this seemed onlyto excite the questioner's desire for information to a higher pitch;and as if the very stones could reply to his demands, he examinedthe whole range of the various buildings constituting the house ofarnstead "as he would draw it."
"certainly," said he, "there is at least variety enough in the styleof this mass of material.
there is enough for one pyramid."
"that would be rather at the expense of the variety, would it not?"
said hugh, in spiteful response to the inconsequence of the secondmember of funkelstein's remark.
but the latter was apparently toomuch absorbed in his continued inspection of the house, from everyattainable point of near view, to heed the comment.
"this they call the ghost's walk," said hugh.
about these old houses there are always such tales."
"what sort of tales do you mean?"
"i mean of particular spots and their ghosts.
you must have heardmany such?"
"no, not i."
"i think germany is more prolific of such stories.
i could tell youplenty."
"but you don't mean you believe such things?"
"to me it is equal.
i look at them entirely as objects of art."
"that is a new view of a ghost to me.
an object of art?
i shouldhave thought them considerably more suitable objects previous totheir disembodiment."
you do not understand.
you call art painting, don't you -- orsculpture at most?
i give up sculpture certainly -- and painting too.
but don't you think a ghost a very effective object in literaturenow?
confess: do you not like a ghost-story very much?"
"yes, if it is a very good one."
we don't speak of shakspere's plays as stories.
his charactersare so real to us, that, in thinking of their development, we goback even to their fathers and mothers -- and sometimes even speculateabout their future."
"you islanders are always in earnest somehow.
so are we germans.
we are all one."
"i hope you can be in earnest about dinner, then, for i hear thebell."
"we must render ourselves in the drawing-room, then?
when they entered the drawing-room, they found miss cameron alone.
funkelstein advanced, and addressed a few words to her in german,which hugh's limited acquaintance with the language prevented himfrom catching.
at the same moment, mr. arnold entered, andfunkelstein, turning to him immediately, proceeded, as if by way ofapology for speaking in an unknown tongue, to interpret for mr.arnold's benefit:"i have just been telling miss cameron in the language of mycountry, how much better she looks than when i saw her at sir edwardlastons."
"i know i was quite a scare-crow then," said euphra, attempting tolaugh.
"and now you are quite a decoy-duck, eh, euphra?"
said mr. arnold,laughing in reality at his own joke, which put him in greatgood-humour for the whole time of dinner and dessert.
"thank you, uncle," said euphra, with a prettily pretendedaffectation of humility.
then she added gaily:"when did you rise on our sussex horizon, herr von funkelstein?"
i have been in the neighbourhood for a few days; but i owe mymeeting with you to one of those coincidences which, were they notso pleasant -- to me in this case, at least -- one would think couldonly result from the blundering of old dame nature over herknitting.
if i had not had the good fortune to meet mr. sutherlandthe other evening, i should have remained in utter ignorance of yourneighbourhood and my own felicity, miss cameron.
indeed, i callednow to see him, not you."
hugh saw mr. arnold looking rather doubtful of the foreigner's finespeeches.
dinner was announced.
funkelstein took miss cameron, hugh mrs.elton, and mr. arnold followed with lady emily, who would neverprecede her older friend.
hugh tried to talk to mrs. elton, butwith meagre success.
he was suddenly a nobody, and felt more thanhe had felt for a long time what, in his present deteriorated moralstate, he considered the degradation of his position.
a gulf seemedto have suddenly yawned between himself and euphra, and the loudestvoice of his despairing agony could not reach across that gulf.
anawful conviction awoke within him, that the woman he worshippedwould scarcely receive his worship at the worth of incense now; andyet in spirit he fell down grovelling before his idol.
the words"euphrasy and rue" kept ringing in his brain, coming over and overwith an awful mingling of chime and toll.
when he thought about itafterwards, he seemed to have been a year in crossing the hall withmrs. elton on his arm.
but as if divining his thoughts -- just asthey passed through the dining-room door, euphra looked round athim, almost over funkelstein's shoulder, and, without putting intoher face the least expression discernible by either of the othersfollowing, contrived to banish for the time all hugh's despair, andto convince him that he had nothing to fear from funkelstein.
howit was done hugh himself could not tell.
he could not even recallthe look.
he only knew that he had been as miserable as one wakingin his coffin, and that now he was out in the sunny air.
during dinner, funkelstein paid no very particular attention toeuphrasia, but was remarkably polite to lady emily.
she seemedhardly to know how to receive his attentions, but to regard him as astrange animal, which she did not know how to treat, and of whichshe was a little afraid.
mrs. elton, on the contrary, appeared tobe delighted with his behaviour and conversation; for, withoutshowing the least originality, he yet had seen so much, and knew sowell how to bring out what he had seen, that he was a mostinteresting companion.
hugh took little share in the conversationbeyond listening as well as he could, to prevent himself from gazingtoo much at euphra.
"had mr. sutherland and you been old acquaintances then, herr vonfunkelstein?"
asked mr. arnold, reverting to the conversation whichhad been interrupted by the announcement of dinner.
"not at all.
we met quite accidentally, and introduced ourselves.
i believe a thunderstorm and a lecture on biology were themediating parties between us.
was it not so, mr.
"i beg your pardon," stammered hugh.
but mr. arnold interposed:"a lecture on what, did you say?"
mr. arnold looked posed.
he did not like to say he did not knowwhat the word meant; for, like many more ignorant men, he thoughtsuch a confession humiliating.
von funkelstein hastened to hisrelief.
"it would be rather surprising if you were acquainted with thesubject, mr. arnold.
i fear to explain it to you, lest both mr.sutherland and myself should sink irrecoverably in your estimation.
but young men want to know all that is going on."
herr funkelstein was not exactly what one would call a young man;but, as he chose to do so himself, there was no one to dispute theclassification.
of course," replied mr. arnold; "quite right.
what, then,pray, is biology?"
"a science, falsely so called," said hugh, who, waking up a little,wanted to join in the conversation.
"what does the word mean?"
said mr. arnold.
von funkelstein answered at once:"the science of life.
but i must say, the name, as now applied, isno indication of the thing signified."
"how, then, is a gentleman to know what it is?"
said mr. arnold,half pettishly, and forgetting that his knowledge had not extendedeven to the interpretation of the name.
"it is one of the sciences, true or false, connected with animalmagnetism."
exclaimed mr. arnold, rather rudely.
"you would have said so, if you had heard the lecture," saidfunkelstein.
the conversation had not taken this turn till quite late in thedining ceremony.
euphra rose to go; and hugh remarked that her facewas dreadfully pale.
but she walked steadily out of the room.
this interrupted the course of the talk, and the subject was notresumed.
immediately after tea, which was served very soon,funkelstein took his leave of the ladies.
"we shall be glad to see you often while in this neighbourhood,"said mr. arnold, as he bade him good night.
"i shall, without fail, do myself the honour of calling again soon,"replied he, and bowed himself out.
lady emily, evidently relieved by his departure, rose, and,approaching euphra, said, in a sweet coaxing tone, which even shecould hardly have resisted:"dear miss cameron, you promised to sing, for me in particular, someevening.
may i claim the fulfilment of your promise?"
euphra had recovered her complexion, and she too seemed to hugh tobe relieved by the departure of funkelstein.
"certainly," she answered, rising at once.
"what shall i sing?"
hugh was all ear now.
"something sacred, if you please."
euphra hesitated, but not long.
"shall i sing mozart's agnus dei, then?"
lady emily hesitated in her turn.
"i should prefer something else.
i don't approve of singing popishmusic, however beautiful it may be."
"well, what shall it be?"
"something of handel or mendelssohn, please.
do you sing, 'i knowthat my redeemer liveth?'"
"i daresay i can sing it," replied euphra, with some petulance; andwent to the piano.
this was a favourite air with hugh; and he placed himself so as tosee the singer without being seen himself, and to lose no slightestmodulation of her voice.
but what was his disappointment to findthat oratorio-music was just what euphra was incapable of!
no doubtshe sang it quite correctly; but there was no religion in it.
not asingle tone worshipped or rejoiced.
the quality of sound necessaryto express the feeling and thought of the composer was lacking: thepalace of sound was all right constructed, but of wrong material.
euphra, however, was quite unconscious of failure.
she did notcare for the music; but she attributed her lack of interest in it tothe music itself, never dreaming that, in fact, she had never reallyheard it, having no inner ear for its deeper harmonies.
as soon asshe had finished, lady emily thanked her, but did not praise hermore than by saying:"i wish i had a voice like yours, miss cameron."
"i daresay you have a better of your own," said euphra, falsely.
lady emily laughed.
"it is the poorest little voice you ever heard; yet i confess i amglad, for my own sake, that i have even that.
what should i do if inever heard handel!"
every simple mind has a little well of beauty somewhere in itsprecincts, which flows and warbles, even when the owner isunheedful.
the religion of lady emily had led her into a region farbeyond the reach of her intellect, in which there sprang a constantfountain of sacred song.
to it she owed her highest moods.
"then handel is your musician?"
"you should not haveput me to such a test.
it was very unfair of you, lady emily."
lady emily laughed, as if quite amused at the idea of having doneeuphra any wrong.
euphra added:"you must sing now, lady emily.
you cannot refuse, after theadmission you have just made."
"i confess it is only fair; but i warn you to expect nothing."
she took her place at the piano, and sang -- he shall feed his flock.
her health had improved so much during her sojourn at arnstead,that, when she began to sing, the quantity of her voice surprisedherself; but after all, it was a poor voice; and the execution, ifclear of any great faults, made no other pretence to merit.
yet sheeffected the end of the music, the very result which every musicianwould most desire, wherein euphra had failed utterly.
this wasworthy of note, and hugh was not even yet too blind to perceive it.
lady emily, with very ordinary intellect, and paltry religiousopinions, yet because she was good herself, and religious -- could, inthe reproduction of the highest kind of music, greatly surpass thespirited, intellectual musician, whose voice was as superior to hersas a nightingale's to a sparrow's, and whose knowledge of music andmusical power generally, surpassed hers beyond all comparison.
it must be allowed for euphra, that she seemed to have gained someperception of the fact.
perhaps she had seen signs of emotion inhugh's face, which he had shaded with his hand as lady emily sang;or perhaps the singing produced in her a feeling which she had nothad when singing herself.
all i know is, that the same night -- whilehugh was walking up and down his room, meditating on this defect ofeuphra's, and yet feeling that if she could sing only devil's music,he must love her -- a tap came to the door which made him start withthe suggestion of the former mysterious noises of a similar kind;that he sprang to the door; and that, instead of looking out on avacant corridor, as he all but anticipated, he saw euphra standingthere in the dark -- who said in a whisper:"ah!
you do not love me any longer, because lady emily can singpsalms better than i can!"
there was both pathos and spite in the speech.
"come in, euphra."
i am afraid i have been very naughty in coming here at all."
"do come in.
i want you to tell me something about funkelstein."
"what do you want to know about him?
i suppose you are jealous ofhim.
you men can both be jealous and make jealous at the samemoment."
a little broken sigh followed.
hugh answered:"i only want to know what he is."
some twentieth cousin of mine."
"mr. arnold does not know that?"
it is so far off i can't count it, in fact i doubt italtogether.
it must date centuries back."
"his intimacy, then, is not to be accounted for by hisrelationship?"
i thought so.
jealous of the poor count!"
what does it matter?
he doesn't like to be called count,because all foreigners are counts or barons, or something equallydistinguished.
i oughtn't to have let it out."
tell me something about him."
"he is a bohemian.
i met him first, some years ago, on thecontinent."
"then that was not your first meeting -- at sir edward laston's?"
"how candid she is!"
"he calls me his cousin; but if he be mine, he is yet more mr.arnold's.
but he does not want it mentioned yet.
i am sure i don'tknow why."
"is he in love with you?"
"how can i tell?"
she answered archly.
"by his being very jealous?
is that the way to know whether a man is in love with one?
but ifhe is in love with me, it does not follow that i am in love withhim -- does it?
am i not very good to answer all yourimpertinent downright questions?
they are as point blank as thechurch-catechism; -- mind, i don't say as rude.
-- how can i be in lovewith two at -- a -- ?"
she seemed to cheek herself.
but hugh had heard enough -- as she hadintended he should.
she turned instantly, and sped -- surrounded bythe "low melodious thunder" of her silken garments -- to her own door,where she vanished noiselessly.
"what care i for oratorios?"
said hugh to himself, as he put thelight out, towards morning.
where was all this to end?
what goal had hugh set himself?
couldhe not go away, and achieve renown in one of many ways, and returnfit, in the eyes of the world, to claim the hand of miss cameron?
but would he marry her if he could?
he would not answer thequestion.
he closed the ears of his heart to it, and tried to go tosleep.
he slept, and dreamed of margaret in the storm.
a few days passed without anything occurring sufficiently marked forrelation.
euphra and he seemed satisfied without meeting inprivate.
perhaps both were afraid of carrying it too far; at least,too far to keep clear of the risk of discovery, seeing that dangerwas at present greater than usual.
mr. arnold continued to bethoroughly attentive to his guests, and became more and more devotedto lady emily.
there was no saying where it might end; for he wasnot an old man yet, and lady emily appeared to have no specialadmirers.
arnstead was such an abode, and surrounded with such anestate, as few even of the nobility could call their own.
and areminiscence of his first wife seemed to haunt all mr. arnold'scontemplations of lady emily, and all his attentions to her.
thesewere delicate in the extreme, evidently bringing out the best lifethat yet remained in a heart that was almost a fossil.
hugh madesome fresh efforts to do his duty by harry, and so far succeeded,that at least the boy made some progress -- evident enough to themoderate expectations of his father.
but what helped harry as muchas anything, was the motherly kindness, even tenderness, of goodmrs. elton, who often had him to sit with her in her own room.
toher he generally fled for refuge, when he felt deserted and lonely.
wie der mond sich leuchtend drängetdurch den dunkeln wolkenflor,also taucht aus dunkeln zeitenmir ein lichtes bild hervor.
heinrich heineas the moon her face advancesthrough the darkened cloudy veil;so, from darkened times arising,dawns on me a vision pale.
in consequence of what euphra had caused him to believe withoutsaying it, hugh felt more friendly towards his new acquaintance; andhappening -- on his side at least it did happen -- to meet him a fewdays after, walking in the neighbourhood, he joined him in a stroll.
mr. arnold met them on horseback, and invited von funkelstein todine with them that evening, to which he willingly consented.
itwas noticeable that no sooner was the count within the doors ofarnstead house, than he behaved with cordiality to every one of thecompany except hugh.
with him he made no approach to familiarity ofany kind, treating him, on the contrary, with studious politeness.
in the course of the dinner, mr. arnold said:"it is curious, herr von funkelstein, how often, if you meet withsomething new to you, you fall in with it again almost immediately.
i found an article on biology in the newspaper, the very day afterour conversation on the subject.
but absurd as the whole thing is,it is quite surpassed by a letter in to-day's times aboutspirit-rapping and mediums, and what not!"
this observation of the host at once opened the whole question ofthose physico-psychological phenomena to which the name ofspiritualism has been so absurdly applied.
mr. arnold was profoundin his contempt of the whole system, if not very profound in hisarguments against it.
every one had something to remark inopposition to the notions which were so rapidly gaining ground inthe country, except funkelstein, who maintained a rigid silence.
this silence could not continue long without attracting theattention of the rest of the party; upon which mr. arnold said:"you have not given us your opinion on the subject, herr vonfunkelstein."
"i have not, mr. arnold; -- i should not like to encounter theopposition of so many fair adversaries, as well as of my host."
"we are in england, sir; and every man is at liberty to say what hethinks.
for my part, i think it all absurd, if not improper."
"i would not willingly differ from you, mr. arnold.
and i confessthat a great deal that finds its way into the public prints, doesseem very ridiculous indeed; but i am bound, for truth's sake, tosay, that i have seen more than i can account for, in that kind ofthing.
there are strange stories connected with my own family,which, perhaps, incline me to believe in the supernatural; and,indeed, without making the smallest pretence to the dignity of whatthey call a medium, i have myself had some curious experiences.
ifear i have some natural proclivity towards what you despise.
but ibeg that my statement of my own feelings on the subject, may notinterfere in the least with the prosecution of the presentconversation; for i am quite capable of drawing pleasure fromlistening to what i am unable to agree with."
"but let us hear your arguments, strengthened by your facts, inopposition to ours; for it will be impossible to talk with a silentjudge amongst us," hugh ventured to say.
"i set up for no judge, mr. sutherland, i assure you; and perhaps ishall do my opinions more justice by remaining silent, seeing i amconscious of utter inability to answer the a priori arguments whichyou in particular have brought against them.
all i would venture tosay is, that an a priori argument may owe its force to a mistakenhypothesis with regard to the matter in question; and that the truebaconian method, which is the glory of your english philosophy,would be to inquire first what the thing is, by recordingobservations and experiments made in its supposed direction."
"at least herr von funkelstein has the best of the argument now, iam compelled to confess," said hugh.
funkelstein bowed stiffly, and was silent.
"you rouse our curiosity," said mr. arnold; "but i fear, after thefree utterance which we have already given to our own judgments, inignorance, of course, of your greater experience, you will not beinclined to make us wiser by communicating any of the saidexperience, however much we may desire to hear it."
had he been speaking to one of less evident social standing thanfunkelstein, mr. arnold, if dying with curiosity, would not haveexpressed the least wish to be made acquainted with his experiences.
he would have sat in apparent indifference, but in real anxietythat some one else would draw him out, and thus gratify hiscuriosity without endangering his dignity.
"i do not think," replied funkelstein, "that it is of any use tobring testimony to bear on such a matter.
i have seen -- to use thewords of some one else, i forget whom, on a similar subject -- i haveseen with my own eyes what i certainly should never have believed onthe testimony of another.
consequently, i have no right to expectthat my testimony should be received.
besides, i do not wish it tobe received, although i confess i shrink from presenting it with acertainty of its being rejected.
i have no wish to make converts tomy opinions."
"really, herr von funkelstein, at the risk of your considering meimportunate, i would beg --""excuse me, mr. arnold.
the recital of some of the matters to whichyou refer, would not only be painful to myself, but would beagitating to the ladies present."
"in that case, i have only to beg your pardon for pressing thematter -- i hope no further than to the verge of incivility."
"in no degree approaching it, i assure you, mr. arnold.
in proofthat i do not think so, i am ready, if you wish it -- although irather dread the possible effects on the nerves of the ladies,especially as this is an old house -- to repeat, with the aid of thosepresent, certain experiments which i have sometimes found perhapsonly too successful."
i don't," said euphra, faintly.
an expression of the opposite desire followed, however, from theother ladies.
their curiosity seemed to strive with their fears,and to overcome them.
"i hope we shall have nothing to do with it in any other way thanmerely as spectators?"
said mrs. elton.
"nothing more than you please.
it is doubtful if you can even bespectators.
that remains to be seen."
exclaimed mrs. elton.
lady emily looked at her with surprise -- almost reproof.
"i beg your pardon, my dear; but it sounds so dreadful.
what can itbe?"
"let me entreat you, ladies, not to imagine that i am urging you toanything," said funkelstein.
"not in the least," replied mrs. elton.
"i was very foolish."
andthe old lady looked ashamed, and was silent.
"then if you will allow me, i will make one small preparation.
haveyou a tool-chest anywhere, mr.
"there must be tools enough about the place, i know.
i will ringfor atkins."
"i know where the tool chest is," said hugh; "and, if you will allowme a suggestion, would it not be better the servants should knownothing about this?
there are some foolish stories afloat amongstthem already."
"a very proper suggestion, mr. sutherland," said mr. arnold,graciously.
"will you find all that is wanted, then?"
"what tools do you want?"
"only a small drill.
could you get me an earthenware plate -- notchina -- too?"
"i will manage that," said euphra.
hugh soon returned with the drill, and euphra with the plate.
thebohemian, with some difficulty, and the remark that the english warewas very hard, drilled a small hole in the rim of the plate -- adinner-plate; then begging an h b drawing-pencil from miss cameron,cut off a small piece, and fitted it into the hole, making it justlong enough to touch the table with its point when the plate lay inits ordinary position.
"now i am ready," said he.
"but," he added, raising his head, andlooking all round the room, as if a sudden thought had struckhim -- "i do not think this room will be quite satisfactory."
they were now in the drawing-room.
"choose the room in the house that will suit you," said mr. arnold.
"certainly not," answered funkelstein, as he took from hiswatch-chain a small compass and laid it on the table.
"not thedining-room, nor the breakfast-room -- i think.
let me see -- how is itsituated?"
he went to the hall, as if to refresh his memory, andthen looked again at the compass.
"no, not the breakfast-room."
hugh could not help thinking there was more or less of the charlatanabout the man.
suggested lady emily.
they adjourned to the library to see.
the library would do.
aftersome further difficulty, they succeeded in procuring a large sheetof paper and fastening it down to the table by drawing-pins.
onlytwo candles were in the great room, and it was scarcely lighted atall by them; yet funkelstein requested that one of these should beextinguished, and the other removed to a table near the door.
hethen said, solemnly:"let me request silence, absolute silence, and quiescence of thoughteven."
after stillness had settled down with outspread wings of intensity,he resumed:"will any one, or, better, two of you, touch the plate as lightly aspossible with your fingers?"
all hung back for a moment.
then mr. arnold came forward.
"i will," said he, and laid his fingers on the plate.
"as lightly as possible, if you please.
if the plate moves, followit with your fingers, but be sure not to push it in any direction."
"i understand," said mr. arnold; and silence fell again.
the bohemian, after a pause, spoke once more, but in a foreigntongue.
the words sounded first like entreaty, then like command,and at last, almost like imprecation.
the ladies shuddered.
"any movement of the vehicle?"
said he to mr. arnold.
"if by the vehicle you mean the plate, certainly not," said mr.arnold solemnly.
but the ladies were very glad of the pretext forattempting a laugh, in order to get rid of the oppression which theyhad felt for some time.
said funkelstein, solemnly.
-- "will no one else touch theplate, as well?
it will seldom move with one.
it does with me.
but i fear i might be suspected of treachery, if i offered to joinmr.
"do not hint at such a thing.
you are beyond suspicion."
what ground mr. arnold had for making such an assertion, was nobetter known to himself than to any one else present.
vonfunkelstein, without another word, put the fingers of one handlightly on the plate beside mr. arnold's.
the plate instantly beganto move upon the paper.
the motion was a succession of small jerksat first; but soon it tilted up a little, and moved upon a changingpoint of support.
now it careered rapidly in wavy lines, sweepingback towards the other side, as often as it approached the extremityof the sheet, the men keeping their fingers in contact with it, butnot appearing to influence its motion.
gradually the motion ceased.
von funkelstein withdrew his hand, and requested that the othercandle should be lighted.
the paper was taken up and examined.
nothing could be discovered upon it, but a labyrinth of wavy andsweepy lines.
funkelstein pored over it for some minutes, and thenconfessed his inability to make a single letter out of it, stillless words and sentences, as he had expected.
"but," said he, "we are at least so far successful: it moves.
letus try again.
who will try next?"
"i will," said hugh, who had refrained at first, partly from disliketo the whole affair, partly because he shrank from putting himselfforward.
a new sheet of paper was fixed.
the candle was extinguished.
hughput his fingers on the plate.
in a second or two, it began to move.
he then spoke aloud some wordsunintelligible to the rest.
whether from the peculiarity of his position and the consequentexcitement of his imagination, or from some other cause, hugh grewquite cold, and began to tremble.
the plate, which had beencareering violently for a few moments, now went more slowly, makingregular short motions and returns, at right angles to its chiefdirection, as if letters were being formed by the pencil.
hughshuddered, thinking he recognised the letters as they grew.
the candles were brought.
yes; there it was!
-- notplain, but easily decipherable -- david elginbrod.
hugh felt sick.
euphra, looking on beside him, whispered:"what an odd name!
who can it mean?"
he made no replyneither of the other ladies saw it; for mrs. elton had discovered,the moment the second candle was lighted, that lady emily was eitherasleep or in a faint.
she was soon all but satisfied that she wasasleep.
hugh's opinion, gathered from what followed, was, that the bohemianhad not been so intent on the operations with the plate, as he hadappeared to be; and that he had been employing part of his energy inmesmerising lady emily.
mrs. elton, remembering that she had hadquite a long walk that morning, was not much alarmed.
unwilling tomake a disturbance, she rang the bell very quietly, and, going tothe door, asked the servant who answered it, to send her maid withsome eau-de-cologne.
meantime, the gentlemen had been too muchabsorbed to take any notice of her proceedings, and, after removingthe one and extinguishing the other candle, had reverted to theplate.
-- hugh was still the operator.
von funkelstein spoke again in an unknown tongue.
the plate beganto move as before.
after only a second or two of preparatorygyration, hugh felt that it was writing turriepuffit, and shook fromhead to foot.
suddenly, in the middle of the word, the plate ceased its motion,and lay perfectly still.
hugh felt a kind of surprise come uponhim, as if he waked from an unpleasant dream, and saw the sunshining.
the morbid excitement of his nervous system had suddenlyceased, and a healthful sense of strength and every-day life tookits place.
simultaneously with the stopping of the plate, and this new feelingwhich i have tried to describe, hugh involuntarily raised his eyestowards the door of the room.
in the all-but-darkness between himand the door, he saw a pale beautiful face -- a face only.
it was theface of margaret elginbrod; not, however, such as he had used to seeit -- but glorified.
that was the only word by which he coulddescribe its new aspect.
a mist of darkness fell upon his brain,and the room swam round with him.
but he was saved from falling, orattracting attention to a weakness for which he could have made noexcuse, by a sudden cry from lady emily.
she cried wildly, pointing towards one of the windows.
these looked across to another part of the house, one of the oldest,at some distance.
-- one of its windows, apparently on the firstfloor, shone with a faint bluish light.
all the company had hurried to the window at lady emily'sexclamation.
"who can be in that part of the house?"
said mr. arnold, angrily.
"it is lady euphrasia's window," said euphra, in a low voice, thetone of which suggested, somehow, that the speaker was very cold.
"what do you mean by speaking like that?"
said mr. arnold,forgetting his dignity.
"surely you are above being superstitious.
is it possible the servants could be about any mischief?
i willdischarge any one at once, that dares go there without permission."
the light disappeared, fading slowly out.
"indeed, the servants are all too much alarmed, after what tookplace last year, to go near that wing -- much less that room," saideuphra.
"besides, mrs. horton has all the keys in her own charge."
"go yourself and get me them, euphra.
i will see at once what thismeans.
don't say why you want them."
"certainly not, uncle."
hugh had recovered almost instantaneously.
though full ofamazement, he had yet his perceptive faculties sufficientlyunimpaired to recognise the real source of the light in the window.
it seemed to him more like moonlight than anything else; and hethought the others would have seen it to be such, but for the effectof lady emily's sudden exclamation.
perhaps she was under theinfluence of the bohemian at the moment.
certainly they were all ina tolerable condition for seeing whatever might be required of them.
true, there was no moon to be seen; and if it was the moon, why didthe light go out?
but he found afterwards that he had been right.
the house stood upon a rising ground; and, every recurring cycle,the moon would shine, through a certain vista of trees and branches,upon lady euphrasia's window; provided there had been no growth oftwigs to stop up the channel of the light, which was so narrow thatin a few moments the moon had crossed it.
a gap in a hedge made bya bull that morning, had removed the last screen.
-- lady euphrasia'swindow was so neglected and dusty, that it could reflect nothingmore than a dim bluish shimmer.
"will you all accompany me, ladies and gentlemen, that you may seewith your own eyes that there is nothing dangerous in the house?"
said mr. arnold.
of course funkelstein was quite ready, and hugh as well, although hefelt at this moment ill-fitted for ghost-hunting.
the ladieshesitated; but at last, more afraid of being left behind alone, thanof going with the gentlemen, they consented.
euphra brought thekeys, and they commenced their march of investigation.
up the grandstaircase they went, mr. arnold first with the keys, hugh next withmrs. elton and lady emily, and the bohemian, considerably to hugh'sdissatisfaction, bringing up the rear with euphra.
-- thismisarrangement did more than anything else could have done, todeaden for the time the distraction of feeling produced in hugh'smind by the events of the last few minutes.
yet even now he seemedto be wandering through the old house in a dream, instead offollowing mr. arnold, whose presence might well have been sufficientto destroy any illusion, except such as a chinese screen mightsuperinduce; for, possessed of far less imagination than a horse, hewas incapable of any terrors, but such as had to do with robbers, orfire, or chartists -- which latter fear included both the former.
hestrode on securely, carrying a candle in one hand, and the keys inthe other.
each of the other gentlemen likewise bore a light.
theyhad to go through doors, some locked, some open, following adifferent route from that taken by euphra on a former occasion.
but mr. arnold found the keys troublesome.
he could not easilydistinguish those he wanted, and was compelled to apply to euphra.
she left funkelstein in consequence, and walked in front with heruncle.
her former companion got beside lady emily, and as theycould not well walk four abreast, she fell behind with him.
so hughgot next to euphra, behind her, and was comforted.
at length, by tortuous ways, across old rooms, and up and downabrupt little stairs, they reached the door of lady euphrasia'sroom.
the key was found, and the door opened with someperturbation -- manifest on the part of the ladies, and concealed onthe part of the men.
the place was quite dark.
they entered; andhugh was greatly struck with its strange antiquity.
ladyeuphrasia's ghost had driven the last occupant out of it nearly ahundred years ago; but most of the furniture was much older thanthat, having probably belonged to lady euphrasia herself.
the roomremained just as the said last occupant had left it.
even thebed-clothes remained, folded down, as if expecting their occupantfor the last hundred years.
the fine linen had grown yellow; andthe rich counterpane lay like a churchyard after the resurrection,full of the open graves of the liberated moths.
on the wall hungthe portrait of a nun in convent-attire.
"some have taken that for a second portrait of lady euphrasia," saidmr. arnold, "but it cannot be.
-- euphra, we will go back through thepicture gallery.
-- i suspect it of originating the tradition thatlady euphrasia became a nun at last.
i do not believe it myself.
the picture is certainly old enough to stand for her, but it doesnot seem to me in the least like the other."
it was a great room, with large recesses, and therefore irregular inform.
old chairs, with remnants of enamel and gilding, and seats offaded damask, stood all about.
but the beauty of the chamber wasits tapestry.
the walls were entirely covered with it, and the richcolours had not yet receded into the dull grey of the past, thoughtheir gorgeousness had become sombre with age.
the subject was thestory of samson.
"come and see this strange piece of furniture," said euphra to hugh,who had kept by her side since they entered this room.
she led him into one of the recesses, almost concealed by thebed-hangings.
in it stood a cabinet of ebony, reaching nearly tothe ceiling, curiously carved in high relief.
"i wish i could show you the inside of it," she went on, "but icannot now."
this was said almost in a whisper.
hugh replied with only a look ofthanks.
he gazed at the carving, on whose black surface his candlemade little light, and threw no shadows.
"you have looked at this before, euphra," said he.
"explain it tome."
"i have often tried to find out what it is," she answered; "but inever could quite satisfy myself about it."
she proceeded, however, to tell him what she fancied it might mean,speaking still in the low tone which seemed suitable to the awe ofthe place.
she got interested in showing him the relations of thedifferent figures; and he made several suggestions as to thepossible intention of the artist.
more than one well-known subjectwas proposed and rejected.
suddenly becoming aware of the sensation of silence, they looked up,and saw that theirs was the only light in the room.
they were leftalone in the haunted chamber.
-- they looked at each other for onemoment; then said, with half-stifled voices:"euphra!"
euphra seemed half amused and half perplexed.
hugh looked halfperplexed and wholly pleased.
"come, come," said euphra, recovering herself, and leading the wayto the door.
when they reached it, they found it closed and locked.
euphraraised her hand to beat on it.
hugh caught it.
"you will drive lady emily into fits.
did you not see how awfullypale she was?"
euphra instantly lifted her hand again, as if she would just like totry that result.
but hugh, who was in no haste for any result, heldher back.
she struggled for a moment or two, but not very strenuously, and,desisting all at once, let her arms drop by her sides.
"i fear it is too late.
this is a double door, and mr. arnold willhave locked all the doors between this and the picture-gallery.
they are there now.
what shall we do?"
she said this with an expression of comical despair, which wouldhave made hugh burst into laughter, had he not been too much pleasedto laugh.
"never mind," he said, "we will go on with our study of the cabinet.
they will soon find out that we are left behind, and come back tolook for us."
"yes, but only fancy being found here!"
she laughed; but the laugh did not succeed.
it could not hide areal embarrassment.
she pondered, and seemed irresolute.
then withthe words -- "they will say we stayed behind on purpose," she movedher hand to the door, but again withdrew it, and stood irresolute.
"let us put out the light."
said hugh laughing, "and make noanswer."
"can you starve well?"
she murmured something to herself; then said aloud and hastily, asif she had made up her mind by the compulsion of circumstances:"but this won't do.
they are still looking at the portrait, idaresay.
so saying, she went into another recess, and, lifting a curtain oftapestry, opened a door.
"come quick," she said.
hugh followed her down a short stair into a narrow passage, nowherelighted from the outside.
the door went to behind them, as if someone had banged it in anger at their intrusion.
the passage smeltvery musty, and was as quiet as death.
"not a word of this, hugh, as you love me.
it may be useful yet."
"not a word."
they came through a sliding panel into an empty room.
euphra closedit behind them.
"now shade your light."
he did so.
she took him by the hand.
a few more turns brought themin sight of the lights of the rest of the party.
as euphra hadconjectured, they were looking at the picture of lady euphrasia, mr.arnold prosing away to them, in proof that the nun could not be she.
they entered the gallery without being heard; and parting a littleway, one pretending to look at one picture, the other at another,crept gradually round till they joined the group.
it was a piece ofmost successful generalship.
euphra was, doubtless, quite preparedwith her story in case it should fail.
"dear lady emily," said she, "how tired you look!
do let us go,uncle."
"by all means.
take my arm, lady emily.
euphra, will you take thekeys again, and lock the doors?"
mrs. elton had already taken hugh's arm, and was leading him awayafter mr. arnold and lady emily.
"i will not leave you behind with the spectres, miss cameron," saidfunkelstein.
"thank you; they will not detain me long.
they don't mind beinglocked up."
it was some little time, however, before they presented themselvesin the drawing-room, to which, and not to the library, the party hadgone: they had had enough of horrors for that night.
lest my readers should think they have had too many wonders atleast, i will explain one of them.
it was really margaret elginbrodwhom hugh had seen.
mrs. elton was the lady in whose service shehad left her home.
it was nothing strange that they had not met,for margaret knew he was in the same house, and had several timesseen him, but had avoided meeting him.
neither was it a wonderfulcoincidence that they should be in such close proximity; for thecollege friend from whom hugh had first heard of mr. arnold, was theson of the gentleman whom mrs. elton was visiting, when she firstsaw margaret.
margaret had obeyed her mistress's summons to the drawing-room, andhad entered while hugh was stooping over the plate.
as the room wasnearly dark, and she was dressed in black, her pale face alonecaught the light and his eye as he looked up, and the giddinesswhich followed had prevented him from seeing more.
she left theroom the next moment, while they were all looking out of the window.
nor was it any exercise of his excited imagination that hadpresented her face as glorified.
she was now a woman; and, therebeing no divine law against saying so, i say that she had grown alady as well; as indeed any one might have foreseen who was capableof foreseeing it.
her whole nature had blossomed into a still,stately, lily-like beauty; and the face that hugh saw was indeed therealised idea of the former face of margaret.
but how did the plate move?
and whence came the writing of olddavid's name?
i must, for the present, leave the whole matter tothe speculative power of each of my readers.
but margaret was in mourning: was david indeed dead?
he was dead.
-- yet his name will stand as the name of my story forpages to come; because, if he had not been in it, the story wouldnever have been worth writing; because the influence of thatploughman is the salt of the whole; because a man's life in theearth is not to be measured by the time he is visible upon it; andbecause, when the story is wound up, it will be in the presence ofhis spirit.
do i then believe that david himself did write that name of his?
heaven forbid that any friend of mine should be able to believe it!
long before she saw him, margaret had known, from what she heardamong the servants, that master harry's tutor could be no other thanher own tutor of the old time.
by and by she learned a great dealabout him from harry's talk with mrs. elton and lady emily.
but shedid not give the least hint that she knew him, or betray the leastdesire to see him.
mrs. elton was amusingly bewildered by the occurrences of theevening.
her theories were something astounding; and followed oneanother with such alarming rapidity, that had they been inthemselves such as to imply the smallest exercise of the thinkingfaculty, she might well have been considered in danger of an attackof brain-fever.
as it was, none such supervened.
lady emily saidnothing, but seemed unhappy.
as for hugh, he simply could not tellwhat to make of the writing.
but he did not for a moment doubt thatthe vision he had seen was only a vision -- a home-made ghost, sentout from his own creative brain.
still he felt that margaret'sface, come whence it might, was a living reproof to him; for he waslosing his life in passion, sinking deeper in it day by day.
hispowers were deserting him.
poetry, usually supposed to be theattendant of love, had deserted him.
only by fits could he seeanything beautiful; and then it was but in closest association ofthought with the one image which was burning itself deeper anddeeper into his mental sensorium.
come what might, he could nottear it away.
it had become a part of himself -- of his innerlife -- even while it seemed to be working the death of life.
deeperand deeper it would burn, till it reached the innermost chamber oflife.
let it burn.
yet he felt that he could not trust her.
vague hopes he had, that,by trusting, she might be made trustworthy; but he feared they werevain as well as vague.
and yet he would not cast them away, for hecould not cast her away.
god wisheth none should wreck on a strange shelf:  to him man's dearer than to himself.
-- the forest: to sir robert wroth.
at breakfast the following morning, the influences of the past dayon the family were evident.
there was a good deal of excitement,alternated with listlessness.
the moral atmosphere seemedunhealthy; and harry, although he had, fortunately for him, hadnothing to do with the manifestations of the previous evening, wasaffected by the condition of those around him.
hugh was stillcareful enough of him to try to divert the conversation entirelyfrom what he knew would have a very injurious effect upon him; andmr. arnold, seeing the anxious way in which he glanced now and thenat his pupil, and divining the reason, by the instinct of hisaffection, with far more than his usual acuteness, tried likewise toturn it aside, as often as it inclined that way.
still a few wordswere let fall by the visitors, which made harry stare.
hugh tookhim away as soon as breakfast was over.
in the afternoon, funkelstein called to inquire after the ladies;and hoped he had no injury to their health to lay on his conscience.
mr. arnold, who had a full allowance of curiosity, its amount beingfrequently in an inverse ratio to that of higher intellectual gifts,begged him to spend the rest of the day with them; but not to say aword of what had passed the day before, till after harry had retiredfor the night.
renewed conversation led to renewed experiments in the library.
hugh, however, refused to have anything more to do with theplate-writing; for he dreaded its influence on his physical nature,attributing, as i have said, the vision of margaret to a cerebralaffection.
and the plate did not seem to work satisfactorily withany one else, except funkelstein, who, for his part, had no greatwish to operate.
recourse was had to a more vulgar method -- that ofexpectant solicitation of those noises whereby the prisoners in theaërial vaults are supposed capable of communicating with those inthis earthly cell.
certainly, raps were heard from some quarter oranother; and when the lights were extinguished, and the crescentmoon only allowed to shine in the room, some commotion wasdiscernible amongst the furniture.
several light articles flewabout.
a pen-wiper alighted on euphra's lap, and a sofa-pillowgently disarranged mrs. elton's cap.
most of the artillery,however, was directed against lady emily; and she it was who saw, ina faint stream of moonlight, a female arm uplifted towards her, fromunder a table, with a threatening motion.
it was bare to the elbow,and draped above.
it showed first a clenched fist, and next an openhand, palm outwards, making a repellent gesture.
then the back ofthe hand was turned, and it motioned her away, as if she had been animportunate beggar.
but at this moment, one of the doors opened,and a dark figure passed through the room towards the opposite door.
everything that could be called ghostly, ceased instantaneously.
the arm vanished.
the company breathed more freely.
lady emily, who had been on the point of going into hysterics,recovered herself, and overcame the still lingering impulse: shefelt as if she had awaked from a momentary aberration of theintellect.
mr. arnold proceeded to light the candles, saying, in arighteous tone:"i think we have had enough of this nonsense."
when the candles were lighted, there was no one to be seen in theroom besides themselves.
several, hugh amongst them, had observedthe figure; but all had taken it for part of the illusivephantasmagoria.
hugh would have concluded it a variety of hisvision of the former night; but others had seen it as well as he.
there was no renewal of the experiments that night.
but all were ina very unhealthy state of excitement.
vague fear, vague wonder, anda certain indescribable oppression, had dimmed for the time all theclearer vision, and benumbed all the nobler faculties of the soul.
lady emily was affected the most.
her eyes looked scared; therewas a bright spot on one cheek amidst deathly paleness; and sheseemed very unhappy.
mrs. elton became alarmed, and this broughther back to a more rational condition.
she persuaded lady emily togo to bed.
but the contagion spread; and indistinct terrors were no longerconfined to the upper portions of the family.
the bruit revived,which had broken out a year before -- that the house was haunted.
itwas whispered that, the very night after these occurrences, theghost's walk had been in use as the name signified: a figure indeath-garments had been seen gliding along the deserted avenue, byone of the maid-servants; the truth of whose story was corroboratedby the fact that, to support it, she did not hesitate to confessthat she had escaped from the house, nearly at midnight, to meet oneof the grooms in a part of the wood contiguous to the avenue inquestion.
mr. arnold instantly dismissed her -- not on the ground ofthe intrigue, he took care to let her know, although that was badenough, but because she was a fool, and spread absurd and annoyingreports about the house.
mr. arnold's usual hatred of what hecalled superstition, was rendered yet more spiteful by the fact,that the occurrences of the week had had such an effect on his ownmind, that he was mortally afraid lest he should himself sink intothe same limbo of vanity.
the girl, however, was, or pretended tobe, quite satisfied with her discharge, protesting she would nothave staid for the world; and as the groom, whose wages happened tohave been paid the day before, took himself off the same evening, itmay be hoped her satisfaction was not altogether counterfeit.
"if all tales be true," said mrs. elton, "lady euphrasia is whereshe can't get out."
"but if she repented before she died?"
said euphra, with a muffledscorn in her tone.
"my dear miss cameron, do you call becoming a nun -- repentance?
weprotestants know very well what that means.
besides, your uncledoes not believe it."
"haven't you found out yet, dear mrs. elton, what my uncle'sfavourite phrase is?"
what is it?"
"i don't believe it."
"you naughty girl!"
"i'm not naughty," answered euphra, affecting to imitate thesimplicity of a chidden child.
"my uncle is so fond of casting doubtupon everything!
if salvation goes by quantity, his faith won'tsave him."
euphra knew well enough that mrs. elton was no tell-tale.
the goodlady had hopes of her from this moment, because she all but quotedscripture to condemn her uncle; the verdict corresponding with herown judgment of mr. arnold, founded on the clearest assertions ofscripture; strengthened somewhat, it must be confessed, by the factthat the spirits, on the preceding evening but one, had rapped outthe sentence: "without faith it is impossible to please him."
lady emily was still in bed, but apparently more sick in mind thanin body.
she said she had tossed about all the previous nightwithout once falling asleep; and her maid, who had slept in thedressing-room without waking once, corroborated the assertion.
inthe morning, mrs. elton, wishing to relieve the maid, sent margaretto lady emily.
margaret arranged the bedclothes and pillows, whichwere in a very uncomfortable condition, sat down behind the curtain;and, knowing that it would please lady emily, began to sing, in whatthe french call a veiled voice, the land o' the leal.
now the airof this lovely song is the same as that of scots wha hae; but it isthe pibroch of onset changed into the coronach of repose, singing ofthe land beyond the battle, of the entering in of those who havefought the good fight, and fallen in the field.
it is the silenceafter the thunder.
before she had finished, lady emily was fastasleep.
a sweet peaceful half smile lighted her troubled facegraciously, like the sunshine that creeps out when it can, amidstthe rain of an autumn day, saying, "i am with you still, though weare all troubled."
finding her thus at rest, margaret left the roomfor a minute, to fetch some work.
when she returned, she found hertossing, and moaning, and apparently on the point of waking.
assoon as she sat down by her, her trouble diminished by degrees, tillshe lay in the same peaceful sleep as before.
in this state shecontinued for two or three hours, and awoke much refreshed.
sheheld out her little hand to margaret, and said:"thank you.
what a sweet creature you are!"
and lady emily lay and gazed in loving admiration at the face of thelady's-maid.
"shall i send sarah to you now, my lady?"
said margaret; "or wouldyou like me to stay with you?"
you, you, please -- if mrs. elton can spare you."
"she will only think of your comfort, i know, my lady."
"that recalls me to my duty, and makes me think of her."
"but your comfort will be more to her than anything else."
"in that case you must stay, margaret."
"with pleasure, my lady."
mrs. elton entered, and quite confirmed what margaret had said.
"but," she added, "it is time lady emily had something to eat.
goto the cook, margaret, and see if the beef-tea miss cameron orderedis ready."
"what a comfort it is," said mrs. elton, wishing to interest ladyemily, "that now-a-days, when infidelity is so rampant, suchcorroborations of sacred writ are springing up on all sides!
thereare the discoveries at nineveh; and now these spiritualmanifestations, which bear witness so clearly to another world."
but lady emily made no reply.
she began to toss about as before,and show signs of inexplicable discomfort.
margaret had hardly beengone two minutes, when the invalid moaned out:"what a time margaret is gone!
-- when will she be back?"
"i am here, my love," said mrs. elton.
"yes, yes; thank you.
but i want margaret."
"she will be here presently.
have patience, my dear."
"please, don't let miss cameron come near me.
i am afraid i am verywicked, but i can't bear her to come near me."
"no, no, dear; we will keep you to ourselves."
"is mr. -- , the foreign gentleman, i mean -- below?"
he is gone."
"are you sure?
i can hardly believe it."
"what do you mean, dear?
i am sure he is gone."
lady emily did not answer.
she took thebeef-tea, and grew quiet again.
"you must not leave her ladyship, margaret," whispered her mistress.
"she has taken it into her head to like no one but you, and you mustjust stay with her."
"very well, ma'am.
i shall be most happy."
mrs. elton left the room.
lady emily said:"read something to me, margaret."
"what shall i read?"
"anything you like."
margaret got a bible, and read to her one of her father's favouritechapters, the fortieth of isaiah.
"i have no right to trust in god, margaret."
"why, my lady?"
"because i do not feel any faith in him; and you know we cannot beaccepted without faith."
"that is to make god as changeable as we are, my lady."
"but the bible says so."
"i don't think it does; but if an angel from heaven said so, i wouldnot believe it."
"my lady, i love god with all my heart, and i cannot bear you shouldthink so of him.
you might as well say that a mother would go awayfrom her little child, lying moaning in the dark, because it couldnot see her, and was afraid to put its hand out into the dark tofeel for her."
"then you think he does care for us, even when we are very wicked.
but he cannot bear wicked people."
"who dares to say that?"
"has he not been making theworld go on and on, with all the wickedness that is in it; yes,making new babies to be born of thieves and murderers and sad womenand all, for hundreds of years?
god help us, lady emily!
if hecannot bear wicked people, then this world is hell itself, and thebible is all a lie, and the saviour did never die for sinners.
itis only the holy pharisees that can't bear wicked people."
how happy i should be, if that were true!
i should not beafraid now."
"you are not wicked, dear lady emily; but if you were, god wouldbend over you, trying to get you back, like a father over his sickchild.
will people never believe about the lost sheep?"
yes; i believe that.
but then --""you can't trust it quite.
trust in god, then, the very father ofyou -- and never mind the words.
you have been taught to turn thevery words of god against himself."
lady emily was weeping.
"lady emily," margaret went on, "if i felt my heart as hard as astone; if i did not love god, or man, or woman, or little child, iwould yet say to god in my heart: 'o god, see how i trust thee,because thou art perfect, and not changeable like me.
i do not lovethee.
i love nobody.
i am not even sorry for it.
thou seest howmuch i need thee to come close to me, to put thy arm round me, tosay to me, my child; for the worse my state, the greater my need ofmy father who loves me.
come to me, and my day will dawn.
mybeauty and my love will come back; and oh!
how i shall love thee, mygod!
and know that my love is thy love, my blessedness thy being.'"
as margaret spoke, she seemed to have forgotten lady emily'spresence, and to be actually praying.
those who cannot receive suchwords from the lips of a lady's-maid, must be reminded what herfather was, and that she had lost him.
she had had advantages atleast equal to those which david the shepherd had -- and he wrote thepsalms.
she ended with:"i do not even desire thee to come, yet come thou."
she seemed to pray entirely as lady emily, not as margaret.
whenshe had ceased, lady emily said, sobbing:"you will not leave me, margaret?
i will tell you why anothertime."
"i will not leave you, my dear lady."
margaret stooped and kissed her forehead.
lady emily threw her armsround her neck, and offered her mouth to be kissed by the maid.
inanother minute she was fast asleep, with margaret seated by herside, every now and then glancing up at her from her work, with acalm face, over which brooded the mist of tears.
that night, as hugh paced up and down the floor of his study aboutmidnight, he was awfully startled by the sudden opening of the doorand the apparition of harry in his nightshirt, pale as death, andscarcely able to articulate the words:"the ghost!
he took the poor boy in his arms, held him fast, and comforted him.
when he was a little soothed,"oh, harry!"
he said, lightly, "you've been dreaming.
"in the ghost's walk," cried harry, almost shrieking anew withterror.
"how do you know it is there?"
"i saw it from my window.
-- i couldn't sleep.
i got up and lookedout -- i don't know why -- and i saw it!
i saw it!"
the words were followed by a long cry of terror.
"come and show it to me," said hugh, wanting to make light of it.
"no, no, mr. sutherland -- please not.
i couldn't go back into thatroom."
"very well, dear harry; you shan't go back.
you shall sleep withme, to-night."
thank you, thank you, dear mr. sutherland.
you will love meagain, won't you?"
this touched hugh's heart.
he could hardly refrain from tears.
hisold love, buried before it was dead, revived.
he clasped the boy tohis heart, and carried him to his own bed; then, to comfort him,undressed and lay down beside him, without even going to look if hetoo might not see the ghost.
she had brought about one good thingat least that night; though, i fear, she had no merit in it.
lady emily's room likewise looked out upon the ghost's walk.
margaret heard the cry as she sat by the sleeping emily; and, notknowing whence it came, went, naturally enough, in her perplexity,to the window.
from it she could see distinctly, for it was clearmoonlight: a white figure went gliding away along the desertedavenue.
she immediately guessed what the cry had meant; but as shehad heard a door bang directly after (as harry shut his behind himwith a terrified instinct, to keep the awful window in), she was notvery uneasy about him.
she felt besides that she must remain whereshe was, according to her promise to lady emily.
but she resolvedto be prepared for the possible recurrence of the same event, andaccordingly revolved it in her mind.
she was sure that any reportof it coming to lady emily's ears, would greatly impede herrecovery; for she instinctively felt that her illness had somethingto do with the questionable occupations in the library.
she watchedby her bedside all the night, slumbering at times, but roused in amoment by any restlessness of the patient; when she found that,simply by laying her hand on hers, or kissing her forehead, shecould restore her at once to quiet sleep.
-- 'tis full of fearful shadows.
--     so is sleep, sir;   or anything that's merely ours, and mortal;   we were begotten gods else.
but those fears   feeling but once the fires of nobler thoughts,   fly, like the shapes of clouds we form, to nothing.
beaumont and fletcher.
-- thierry and theodoret.
margaret sat watching the waking of lady emily.
knowing how muchthe first thought colours the feeling of the whole day, she wishedthat lady emily should at once be aware that she was by her side.
she opened her eyes, and a smile broke over her face when sheperceived her nurse.
but margaret did not yet speak to her.
every nurse should remember that waking ought always to be a gradualoperation; and, except in the most triumphant health, is nevercomplete on the opening of the eyes.
"margaret, i am better," said lady emily, at last.
"i am very glad, my lady."
"i have been lying awake for some time, and i am sure i am better.
i don't see strange-coloured figures floating about the room as idid yesterday.
were you not out of the room a few minutes ago?"
"just for one moment, my lady."
"i knew it.
but i did not mind it.
yesterday, when you left me,those figures grew ten times as many, the moment you were gone.
butyou will stay with me to-day, too, margaret?"
she added, with someanxiety.
"i will, if you find you need me.
but i may be forced to leave youa little while this evening -- you must try to allow me this, dearlady emily."
"of course i will.
i will be quite patient, i promise you, whatevercomes to me."
when harry woke, after a very troubled sleep, from which he hadoften started with sudden cries of terror, hugh made him promise notto increase the confusion of the household, by speaking of what hehad seen.
harry promised at once, but begged in his turn that hughwould not leave him all day.
it did not need the pale scared faceof his pupil to enforce the request; for hugh was already anxiouslest the fright the boy had had, should exercise a permanentlydeleterious effect on his constitution.
therefore he hardly let himout of his sight.
but although harry kept his word, the cloud of perturbation gatheredthicker in the kitchen and the servants' hall.
nothing came to theears of their master and mistress; but gloomy looks, sudden starts,and sidelong glances of fear, indicated the prevailing character ofthe feelings of the household.
and although lady emily was not so ill, she had not yet taken adecided turn for the better, but appeared to suffer from some kindof low fever.
the medical man who was called in, confessed to mrs.elton, that as yet he could say nothing very decided about hercondition, but recommended great quiet and careful nursing.
margaret scarcely left her room, and the invalid showed far morethan the ordinary degree of dependence upon her nurse.
in herrelation to her, she was more like a child than an invalid.
about noon she was better.
she called margaret and said to her:"margaret, dear, i should like to tell you one thing that annoys mevery much."
"what is it, dear lady emily?"
"that man haunts me.
i cannot bear the thought of him; and yet icannot get rid of him.
i am sure he is a bad man.
are you certainhe is not here?"
"yes, indeed, my lady.
he has not been here since the day beforeyesterday."
"and yet when you leave me for an instant, i always feel as if hewere sitting in the very seat where you were the moment before, orjust coming to the door and about to open it.
that is why i cannotbear you to leave me."
margaret might have confessed to some slighter sensations of thesame kind; but they did not oppress her as they did lady emily.
"god is nearer to you than any thought or feeling of yours, ladyemily.
do not be afraid.
if all the evil things in the universewere around us, they could not come inside the ring that he makesabout us.
he always keeps a place for himself and his child, intowhich no other being can enter."
how you must love god, margaret!"
"indeed i do love him, my lady.
if ever anything looks beautiful orlovely to me, then i know at once that god is that."
"but, then, what right have we to take the good of that, howevertrue it is, when we are not beautiful ourselves?"
"that only makes god the more beautiful -- in that he will pour outthe more of his beauty upon us to make us beautiful.
if we care forhis glory, we shall be glad to believe all this about him.
but weare too anxious about feeling good ourselves, to rejoice in hisperfect goodness.
i think we should find that enough, my lady.
for, if he be good, are not we his children, and sure of having it,not merely feeling it, some day?"
here margaret repeated a little poem of george herbert's.
she hadfound his poems amongst mrs. elton's books, who, coming upon herabsorbed in it one day, had made her a present of the volume.
thenindeed margaret had found a friend.
the poem is called dialogue:     "sweetest saviour, if my soul      were but worth the having --""oh, what a comfort you are to me, margaret!"
lady emily said,after a short silence.
where did you learn such things?"
"from my father, and from jesus christ, and from god himself,showing them to me in my heart."
that is why, as often as you come into my room, even if i amvery troubled, i feel as if the sun shone, and the wind blew, andthe birds sang, and the tree-tops went waving in the wind, as theyused to do before i was taken ill -- i mean before they thought i mustgo abroad.
you seem to make everything clear, and right, and plain.
i wish i were you, margaret."
"if i were you, my lady, i would rather be what god chose to makeme, than the most glorious creature that i could think of.
for tohave been thought about -- born in god's thoughts -- and then made bygod, is the dearest, grandest, most precious thing in all thinking.
is it not, my lady?"
"it is," said lady emily, and was silent.
the shadows of evening came on.
as soon as it was dark, margarettook her place at one of the windows hidden from lady emily by abed-curtain.
she raised the blind, and pulled aside one curtain, tolet her have a view of the trees outside.
she had placed the onecandle so as not to shine either on the window or on her own eyes.
lady emily was asleep.
one hour and another passed, and still shesat there -- motionless, watching.
margaret did not know, that at another window -- the one, indeed, nextto her own -- stood a second watcher.
it was hugh, in harry's room:harry was asleep in hugh's.
he had no light.
he stood with hisface close against the windowpane, on which the moon shone brightly.
all below him the woods were half dissolved away in the moonlight.
the ghost's walk lay full before him, like a tunnel through thetrees.
he could see a great way down, by the light that fell intoit, at various intervals, from between the boughs overhead.
hestood thus for a long time, gazing somewhat listlessly.
suddenly hebecame all eyes, as he caught the white glimmer of something passingup the avenue.
he stole out of the room, down to the library by theback-stair, and so through the library window into the wood.
hereached the avenue sideways, at some distance from the house, andpeeped from behind a tree, up and down.
at first he saw nothing.
but, a moment after, while he was looking down the avenue, that is,away from the house, a veiled figure in white passed him noiselesslyfrom the other direction.
from the way in which he was looking atthe moment, it had passed him before he saw it.
it made no sound.
only some early-fallen leaves rustled as they hurried away inuncertain eddies, startled by the sweep of its trailing garments,which yet were held up by hands hidden within them.
on it went.
hugh's eyes were fixed on its course.
he could not move, and hisheart laboured so frightfully that he could hardly breathe.
thefigure had not advanced far, however, before he heard a repressedcry of agony, and it sank to the earth, and vanished; while fromwhere it disappeared, down the path, came, silently too, turningneither to the right nor the left, a second figure, veiled in blackfrom head to foot.
"it is the nun in lady euphrasia's room," said hugh to himself.
this passed him too, and, walking slowly towards the house,disappeared somewhere, near the end of the avenue.
turning oncemore, with reviving courage -- for his blood had begun to flow moreequably -- hugh ventured to approach the spot where the white figurehad vanished.
he found nothing there but the shadow of a huge tree.
he walked through the avenue to the end, and then back to thehouse, but saw nothing; though he often started at fanciedappearances.
sorely bewildered, he returned to his own room.
afterspeculating till thought was weary, he lay down beside harry, whomhe was thankful to find in a still repose, and fell fast asleep.
margaret lay on a couch in lady emily's room, and slept likewise;but she started wide awake at every moan of the invalid, who oftenmoaned in her sleep.
she kent he was nae gentle knight,  that she had letten in;for neither when he gaed nor cam',  kissed he her cheek or chin.
he neither kissed her when he cam'  nor clappit her when he gaed;and in and out at her bower window,  the moon shone like the gleed.
-- old scotch ballad.
when euphra recovered from the swoon into which she had fallen -- fori need hardly explain to my readers, that it was she who walked theghost's walk in white -- on seeing margaret, whom, under theirresistible influences of the moonlight and a bad conscience, shetook for the very being whom euphra herself was personating -- whenshe recovered, i say, she found herself lying in the wood, withfunkelstein, whom she had gone to meet, standing beside her.
herfirst words were of anger, as she tried to rise, and found she couldnot.
"how long, count halkar, am i to be your slave?"
"till you have learned to submit."
"have i not done all i can?"
"you have not found it.
you are free from the moment you place thatring, belonging to me, in right of my family, into my hands."
i do not believe that the man really was count halkar, although hehad evidently persuaded euphra that such was his name and title.
ithink it much more probable that, in the course of picking up a massof trifling information about various families of distinction, forwhich his position of secretary in several of their houses hadafforded him special facilities, he had learned something about thehalkar family, and this particular ring, of which, for some reasonor other, he wanted to possess himself.
"what more can i do?"
moaned euphra, succeeding at length in raisingherself to a sitting posture, and leaning thus against a tree.
"ishall be found out some day.
i have been already seen wanderingthrough the house at midnight, with the heart of a thief.
i hateyou, count halkar!"
a low laugh was the count's only reply.
"and now lady euphrasia herself dogs my steps, to keep me from thering."
she gave a low cry of agony at the remembrance.
"miss cameron -- euphra -- are you going to give way to such folly?"
is it not worse folly to torture a poor girl as you dome -- all for a worthless ring?
what can you want with the ring?
ido not know that he has it even."
you know he has.
you need not think to take me in."
"you base man!
you dare not give the lie to any but a woman."
"because you are a coward.
you are afraid of lady euphrasiayourself.
von funkelstein glanced round him uneasily.
it was only themoonlight on the bark of a silver birch.
conscious of havingbetrayed weakness, he grew spiteful.
"if you do not behave to me better, i will compel you.
after a moment's hesitation, she rose.
"put your arms round me."
she seemed to grow to the earth, and to drag herself from it, onefoot after another.
but she came close up to the bohemian, and putone arm half round him, looking to the earth all the time.
her voice sounded hollow and harsh, as if from adead throat -- "i will do what you please.
only release me."
"go then; but mind you resist me no more.
i do not care for yourkisses.
you were ready enough once.
but that idiot of a tutor hastaken my place, i see."
"would to god i had never seen you!
-- never yielded to your influenceover me!
swear that i shall be free if i find you the ring."
"you find the ring first.
why should i swear?
i can compel you.
you know you laid yourself out to entrap me first with your arts,and i only turned upon you with mine.
and you are in my power.
butyou shall be free, notwithstanding; and i will torture you till youfree yourself.
find the ring."
you are doing all you can to ruin me."
"on the contrary, i am doing all i can to save myself.
if you hadloved me as you allowed me to think once, i should never have madeyou my tool."
"you would all the same."
i am irritable to-night."
for a few moments euphra made no reply.
"to what will you drive me?"
she said at last.
"i will not go too far.
i should lose my power over you if i did.
i prefer to keep it."
another despairing pause.
"what am i to do?"
but keep yourself ready to carry out any plan that i maypropose.
something will turn up, now that i have got into the housemyself.
leave me to find out the means.
i can expect no inventionfrom your brains.
you can go home."
euphra turned without another word, and went; murmuring, as if inexcuse to herself:"it is for my freedom.
it is for my freedom."
of course this account must have come originally from euphraherself, for there was no one else to tell it.
she, at least,believed herself compelled to do what the man pleased.
some of myreaders will put her down as insane.
she may have been; but, for mypart, i believe there is such a power of one being over another,though perhaps only in a rare contact of psychologically peculiarnatures.
i have testimony enough for that.
she had yielded to hiswill once.
had she not done so, he could not have compelled her;but, having once yielded, she had not strength sufficient to freeherself again.
whether even he could free her, further than bymerely abstaining from the exercise of the power he had gained, idoubt much.
it is evident that he had come to the neighbourhood of arnstead forthe sake of finding her, and exercising his power over her for hisown ends; that he had made her come to him once, if not oftener,before he met hugh, and by means of his acquaintance, obtainedadmission into arnstead.
once admitted, he had easily succeeded, byhis efforts to please, in so far ingratiating himself with mr.arnold, that now the house-door stood open to him, and he had evenhis recognised seat at the dinner-table.
next this marble venomed seat,smeared with gums of glutinous heat,i touch with chaste palms moist and cold --now the spell hath lost his hold.
next morning lady emily felt better, and wanted to get up: but hereyes were still too bright, and her hands too hot; and margaretwould not hear of it.
fond as lady emily was in general of mrs. elton's society, she didnot care to have her with her now, and got tired of her whenmargaret was absent.
they had taken care not to allow miss cameron to enter the room; butto-day there was not much likelihood of her making the attempt, forshe did not appear at breakfast, sending a message to her uncle thatshe had a bad headache, but hoped to take her place at thedinner-table.
during the day, lady emily was better, but restless by fits.
"were you not out of the room for a little while last night,margaret?"
she said, rather suddenly.
"yes, my lady.
i told you i should have to go, perhaps."
"i remember i thought you had gone, but i was not in the leastafraid, and that dreadful man never came near me.
i do not knowwhen you returned.
perhaps i had fallen asleep; but when i thoughtabout you next, there you were by my bedside."
"i shall not have to leave you to-night," was all margaret's answer.
as for hugh, when first he woke, the extraordinary experiences ofthe previous night appeared to him to belong only to the night, andto have no real relation to the daylight world.
but a littlereflection soon convinced him of the contrary; and then he wentthrough the duties of the day like one who had nothing to do withthem.
the phantoms he had seen even occupied some of the thinkingspace formerly appropriated by the image of euphra, though he knewto his concern that she was ill, and confined to her room.
he hadheard the message sent to mr. arnold, however, and so kept hopingfor the dinner-hour.
with it came euphra, very pale.
her eyes had an unsettled look, andthere were dark hollows under them.
she would start and looksideways without any visible cause; and was thus very different fromher usual self -- ordinarily remarkable for self-possession, almost tocoolness, of manner and speech.
hugh saw it, and became bothdistressed and speculative in consequence.
it did not diminish hisdiscomfort that, about the middle of dinner, funkelstein wasannounced.
was it, then, that euphra had been tremulously expectantof him?
"this is an unforeseen pleasure, herr von funkelstein," said mr.arnold.
"it is very good of you to call it a pleasure, mr. arnold," said he.
"miss cameron -- but, good heavens!
how ill you look!"
"don't be alarmed.
i have only caught the plague."
was all funkelstein said in reply; yet hugh thought he hadno right to be so solicitous about euphra's health.
as the gentlemen sat at their wine, mr. arnold said:"i am anxious to have one more trial of those strange things youhave brought to our knowledge.
i have been thinking about them eversince."
"of course i am at your service, mr. arnold; but don't you think,for the ladies' sakes, we have had enough of it?"
"you are very considerate, herr von funkelstein; but they need notbe present if they do not like it."
"very well, mr.
they adjourned once more to the library instead of the drawing-room.
hugh went and told euphra, who was alone in the drawing-room, whatthey were about.
she declined going, but insisted on his leavingher, and joining the other gentlemen.
hugh left her with much reluctance.
"margaret," said lady emily, "i am certain that man is in thehouse."
"he is, my lady," answered margaret.
"they are about some more of those horrid experiments, as they callthem."
"i do not know."
mrs. elton entering the room at the moment, margaret said:"do you know, ma'am, whether the gentlemen are -- in the libraryagain?"
"i don't know, margaret.
i hope not.
we have had enough of that.
i will go and find out, though."
"will you take my place for a few minutes first, please, ma'am?"
margaret had felt a growing oppression for some time.
she hadscarcely left the sick-room that day.
"don't leave me, dear margaret," said lady emily, imploringly.
"only for a little while, my lady.
i shall be back in less than aquarter of an hour."
"very well, margaret," she answered dolefully.
margaret went out into the moonlight, and walked for ten minutes.
she sought the more open parts, where the winds were.
she thenreturned to the sick-chamber, refreshed and strong.
"now i will go and see what the gentlemen are about," said mrs.elton.
the good lady did not like these proceedings, but she wasirresistibly attracted by them notwithstanding.
having gone to seefor lady emily, she remained to see for herself.
after she had left, lady emily grew more uneasy.
not evenmargaret's presence could make her comfortable.
mrs. elton did notreturn.
many minutes elapsed.
lady emily said at last:"margaret, i am terrified at the idea of being left alone, iconfess; but not so terrified as at the idea of what is going on inthat library.
mrs. elton will not come back.
would you mind justrunning down to ask her to come to me?"
"i would go with pleasure," said margaret; "but i don't want to beseen."
margaret did not want to be seen by hugh.
lady emily, with herdislike to funkelstein, thought margaret did not want to be seen byhim.
"you will find a black veil of mine," she said, "in thatwardrobe -- just throw it over your head, and hold a handkerchief toyour face.
they will be so busy that they will never see you."
margaret yielded to the request of lady emily, who herself arrangedher head-dress for her.
now i must go back a little.
-- when mrs. elton reached the room, shefound it darkened, and the gentlemen seated at the table.
a runningfire of knocks was going on all around.
she sat down in a corner.
in a minute or two, she fancied she sawstrange figures moving about, generally near the floor, and veryimperfectly developed.
sometimes only a hand, sometimes only afoot, shadowed itself out of the dim obscurity.
she tried topersuade herself that it was all done, somehow or other, byfunkelstein, yet she could not help watching with a curious dread.
she was not a very excitable woman, and her nerves were safeenough.
in a minute or two more, the table at which they were seated, beganto move up and down with a kind of vertical oscillation, and severalthings in the room began to slide about, by short, apparentlypurposeless jerks.
everything threatened to assume motion, and turnthe library into a domestic chaos.
mrs. elton declared afterwardsthat several books were thrown about the room.
-- but suddenlyeverything was as still as the moonlight.
every chair and table wasat rest, looking perfectly incapable of motion.
mrs. elton feltthat she dared not say they had moved at all, so utterly ordinarywas their appearance.
not a sound was to be heard from corner orceiling.
after a moment's silence, mrs. elton was quite restored toher sound mind, as she said, and left the room.
"some adverse influence is at work," said funkelstein, with somevexation.
"what is in that closet?"
so saying he approached the door of the private staircase, andopened it.
they saw him start aside, and a veiled dark figure passhim, cross the library, and go out by another door.
"i have my suspicions," said funkelstein, with a rather tremulousvoice.
"and your fears too, i think.
grant it now," said mr. arnold.
"granted, mr. arnold.
let us go to the drawing-room."
just as margaret had reached the library door at the bottom of theprivate stair, either a puff of wind from an open loophole window,or some other cause, destroyed the arrangement of the veil, and madeit fall quite over her face, she stopped for a moment to readjustit.
she had not quite succeeded, when funkelstein opened the door.
without an instant's hesitation, she let the veil fall, and walkedforward.
mrs. elton had gone to her own room, on her way to lady emily's.
when she reached the latter, she found margaret seated as she hadleft her, by the bedside.
lady emily said:"i did not miss you, margaret, half so much as i expected.
but,indeed, you were not many moments gone.
i do not care for that mannow.
he can't hurt me, can he?"
i hope he will give you no more trouble either,dear lady emily.
but if i might presume to advise you, i wouldsay -- get well as soon as you can, and leave this place."
"why should i?
you frighten me.
mr. arnold is very kind to me."
"the place quite suits lady emily, i am sure, margaret."
"but lady emily is not so well as when she came."
"no, but that is not the fault of the place," said lady emily.
"i amsure it is all that horrid man's doing."
"how else will you get rid of him, then?
what if he wants to getrid of you?"
"what harm can i be doing him -- a poor girl like me?"
"i don't know.
but i fear there is something not right going on."
"we will tell mr. arnold at once," said mrs. elton.
"but what could you tell him, ma'am?
mr. arnold is hardly one tolisten to your maid's suspicions.
dear lady emily, you must getwell and go."
"i will try," said lady emily, submissive as a child.
"i think you will be able to get up for a little while tomorrow."
a tap came to the door.
it was euphrasia, inquiring after ladyemily.
"ask miss cameron to come in," said the invalid.
her manner was much changed -- was subdued andsuffering.
"dear miss cameron, you and i ought to change places.
i am sorry tosee you looking so ill," said lady emily.
"i have had a headache all day.
i shall be quite well to-morrow,thank you."
"i intend to be so too," said lady emily, cheerfully.
after some little talk, euphra went, holding her hand to herforehead.
margaret did not look up, all the time she was in theroom, but went on busily with her needle.
that night was a peaceful one.
shining crystal, whichout of her womb a thousand rayons threw.
bellay: translated by spenser.
the next day, lady emily was very nearly as well as she had proposedbeing.
she did not, however, make her appearance below.
mr.arnold, hearing at luncheon that she was out of bed, immediatelysent up his compliments, with the request that he might be permittedto see her on his return from the neighbouring village, where he hadsome business.
to this lady emily gladly consented.
he sat with her a long time, talking about various things; for thepresence of the girl, reminding him of his young wife, brought outthe best of the man, lying yet alive under the incrustation ofself-importance, and its inevitable stupidity.
at length, subjectof further conversation failing,"i wonder what we can do to amuse you, lady emily," said he.
"thank you, mr. arnold; i am not at all dull.
with my kind friend,mrs. elton, and --"she would have said margaret, but became instinctively aware thatthe mention of her would make mr. arnold open his eyes, for he didnot even know her name; and that he would stare yet wider when helearned that the valued companion referred to was mrs. elton's maid.
mr. arnold left the room, and presently returned with his armsfilled with all the drawing-room books he could find, with grandbindings outside, and equally grand plates inside.
these he heapedon the table beside lady emily, who tried to look interested, butscarcely succeeded to mr. arnold's satisfaction, for he presentlysaid:"you don't seem to care much about these, dear lady emily.
idaresay you have looked at them all already, in this dull house ofours."
this was a wonderful admission from mr. arnold.
he pondered -- thenexclaimed, as if he had just made a grand discovery:"i have it!
i know something that will interest you."
"do not trouble yourself, pray, mr. arnold," said lady emily.
buthe was already half way to the door.
he went to his own room, and his own strong closet therein.
returning towards the invalid's quarters with an ebony box ofconsiderable size, he found it rather heavy, and meeting euphra bythe way, requested her to take one of the silver handles, and helphim to carry it to lady emily's room.
she started when she saw it,but merely said:"with pleasure, uncle."
"now, lady emily," said he, as, setting down the box, he took out acurious antique enamelled key, "we shall be able to amuse you for alittle while."
he opened the box, and displayed such a glitter and show as wouldhave delighted the eyes of any lady.
all kinds of strangeornaments; ancient watches -- one of them a death's head in gold;cameo necklaces; pearls abundant; diamonds, rubies, and all thecolours of precious stones -- every one of them having some history,whether known to the owner or not; gems that had flashed on many afair finger and many a shining neck -- lay before lady emily'sdelighted eyes.
but euphrasia's eyes shone, as she gazed on them,with a very different expression from that which sparkled in ladyemily's.
they seemed to search them with fingers of lightning.
mr.arnold chose two or three, and gave lady emily her choice of them.
"i could not think of depriving you."
"they are of no use to me," said mr. arnold, making light of thehandsome offer.
"you are too kind.
-- i should like this ring."
"take it then, dear lady emily."
euphrasia's eyes were not on the speakers, nor was any envy to beseen in her face.
she still gazed at the jewels in the box.
the chosen gem was put aside; and then, one after another, thevarious articles were taken out and examined.
at length, a largegold chain, set with emeralds, was lifted from where it lay coiledup in a corner.
a low cry, like a muffled moan, escaped fromeuphrasia's lips, and she turned her head away from the box.
"what is the matter, euphra?"
said mr. arnold.
"a sudden shoot of pain -- i beg your pardon, dear uncle.
i fear i amnot quite so well yet as i thought i was.
how stupid of me!"
"do sit down.
i fear the weight of the box was too much for you."
"not in the least.
i want to see the pretty things."
"but you have seen them before."
you promised to show them to me, but you never did."
"you see what i get by being ill," said lady emily.
the chain was examined, admired, and laid aside.
where it had lain, they now observed, in the corner, a huge stonelike a diamond.
"what is this?"
said lady emily, taking it up.
it is aring.
but such a ring for size, i never saw.
do look, misscameron."
for miss cameron was not looking.
she was leaning her head on herhand, and her face was ashy pale.
lady emily tried the ring on.
any two of her fingers would go into the broad gold circlet, beyondwhich the stone projected far in every direction.
indeed, the ringwas attached to the stone, rather than the stone set in the ring.
"that is a curious thing, is it not?"
said mr. arnold.
"it is of novalue in itself, i believe; it is nothing but a crystal.
but itseems to have been always thought something of in the family; -- ipresume from its being evidently the very ring painted by sir peterlely in that portrait of lady euphrasia which i showed you the otherday.
it is a clumsy affair, is it not?"
it might have occurred to mr. arnold, that such a thing must havebeen thought something of, before its owner would have chosen towear it when sitting for her portrait.
lady emily was just going to lay it down, when she spied somethingthat made her look at it more closely.
"what curious engraving is this upon the gold?"
"i do not know, indeed," answered mr. arnold.
"i have never observedit."
"look at it, then -- all over the gold.
what at first looks only likechasing, is, i do believe, words.
the character looks to me likegerman.
i wish i could read it.
i am but a poor german scholar.
do look at it, please, dear miss cameron."
euphra glanced slightly at it without touching it, and said:"i am sure i could make nothing of it.
-- but," she added, as ifstruck by a sudden thought, "as lady emily seems interested init -- suppose we send for mr. sutherland.
i have no doubt he will beable to decipher it."
she rose as if she would go for him herself; but, apparently onsecond thoughts, went to the bell and rang it.
do not trouble yourself," interposed lady emily, in a tone thatshowed she would like it notwithstanding.
"no trouble at all," answered euphra and her uncle in a breath.
"jacob," said mr. arnold, "take my compliments to mr. sutherland,and ask him to step this way."
the man went, and hugh came.
"there's a puzzle for you, mr. sutherland," said mr. arnold, as heentered.
"decipher that inscription, and gain the favour of ladyemily for ever."
as he spoke he put the ring in hugh's hand.
hugh recognized it atonce.
this is lady euphrasia's wonderful ring," said he.
euphra cast on him one of her sudden glances.
"what do you know about it?"
said mr. arnold, hastily.
euphra flashed at him once more, covertly.
"i only know that this is the ring in her portrait.
any one may seethat it is a very wonderful ring indeed, by only looking at it,"answered hugh, smiling.
"i hope it is not too wonderful for you to get at the mystery of it,though, mr.
said lady emily.
"lady emily is dying to understand the inscription," said euphrasia.
by this time hugh was turning it round and round, trying to get abeginning to the legend.
but in this he met with a difficulty.
thefact was, that the initial letter of the inscription could only befound by looking into the crystal held close to the eye.
the wordsseemed not altogether unknown to him, though the characters were alittle strange, and the words themselves were undivided.
the dinnerbell rang.
how the time goes in your room, lady emily!"
said mr.arnold, who was never known to keep dinner waiting a moment.
"willyou venture to go down with us to-day?"
"i fear i must not to-day.
to-morrow, i hope.
but do put up thesebeauties before you go.
i dare not touch them without you, and itis so much more pleasure seeing them, when i have you to tell meabout them."
"well, throw them in," said mr. arnold, pretending an indifferencehe did not feel.
"the reality of dinner must not be postponed to thefancy of jewels."
all this time hugh had stood poring over the ring at the window,whither he had taken it for better light, as the shadows werefalling.
euphra busied herself replacing everything in the box.
when all were in, she hastily shut the lid.
said mr. arnold.
"i seem on the point of making it out, mr. arnold, but i certainlyhave not succeeded yet."
"confess yourself vanquished, then, and come to dinner."
"i am very unwilling to give in, for i feel convinced that if i hadleisure to copy the inscription as far as i can read it, i should,with the help of my dictionary, soon supply the rest.
i am veryunwilling, as well, to lose a chance of the favour of lady emily."
"yes, do read it, if you can.
i too am dying to hear it," saideuphra.
"will you trust me with it, mr. arnold?
i will take the greatestcare of it."
replied mr. arnold -- with a little hesitation in histone, however, of which hugh was too eager to take any notice.
he carried it to his room immediately, and laid it beside hismanuscript verses, in the hiding-place of the old escritoire.
hewas in the drawing-room a moment after.
there he found euphra and the bohemian alone.
-- von funkelstein had,in an incredibly short space of time, established himself ashausfreund, and came and went as he pleased.
-- they looked as if theyhad been interrupted in a hurried and earnest conversation -- theirfaces were so impassive.
yet euphra's wore a considerablyheightened colour -- a more articulate indication.
she could schoolher features, but not her complexion.
he...stakes this ring;and would so, had it been a carbuncleof phbus' wheel; and might so safely, had itbeen all the worth of his car.
hugh, of course, had an immediate attack of jealousy.
wishing toshow it in one quarter, and hide it in every other, he carefullyabstained from looking once in the direction of euphra; while,throughout the dinner, he spoke to every one else as often as therewas the smallest pretext for doing so.
to enable himself to keepthis up, he drank wine freely.
as he was in general very moderate,by the time the ladies rose, it had begun to affect his brain.
itwas not half so potent, however, in its influences, as the partingglance which euphra succeeded at last, as she left the room, insending through his eyes to his heart.
hugh sat down to the table again, with a quieter tongue, but abusier brain.
he drank still, without thinking of the consequences.
a strong will kept him from showing any signs of intoxication, buthe was certainly nearer to that state than he had ever been in hislife before.
the bohemian started the new subject which generally follows theladies' departure.
"how long is it since arnstead was first said to be haunted, mr.
herr von funkelstein?
i am at a loss to understand you,"replied mr. arnold, who resented any such allusion, being subversiveof the honour of his house, almost as much as if it had beendepreciative of his own.
"i beg your pardon, mr. arnold.
i thought it was an open subject ofremark."
"so it is," said hugh; "every one knows that."
mr. arnold was struck dumb with indignation.
before he hadrecovered himself sufficiently to know what to say, the conversationbetween the other two had assumed a form to which his lateexperiences inclined him to listen with some degree of interest.
but, his pride sternly forbidding him to join in it, he sat sippinghis wine in careless sublimity.
"you have seen it yourself, then?"
said the bohemian.
"i did not say that," answered hugh.
"but i heard one of the maidssay once -- when --"he paused.
this hesitation of his witnessed against him afterwards, in mr.arnold's judgment.
but he took no notice now.
-- hugh ended tamelyenough:"why, it is commonly reported amongst the servants."
"with a blue light?
-- such as we saw that night from the librarywindow, i suppose."
"i did not say that," answered hugh.
"besides, it was nothing of thesort you saw from the library.
it was only the moon.
but --"he paused again.
von funkelstein saw the condition he was in, andpressed him.
"you know something more, mr.
hugh hesitated again, but only for a moment.
"well, then," he said, "i have seen the spectre myself, walking inher white grave-clothes, in the ghost's avenue -- ha!
funkelstein looked anxious.
"were you frightened?"
repeated hugh, in a tone of the greatest contempt.
"iam of don juan's opinion with regard to such gentry."
"what is that?"
"'that soul and body, on the whole,       are odds against a disembodied soul.'"
cried the count.
"you despise all these tales about ladyeuphrasia, wandering about the house with a death-candle in herhand, looking everywhere about as if she had lost something, andcouldn't find it?"
i wish i could meet her!"
"then you don't believe a word of it?"
"i don't say that.
there would be less of courage than boasting intalking so, if i did not believe a word of it."
"then you do believe it?"
but hugh was too much of a scotchman to give a hasty opinion, orrather a direct answer -- even when half-tipsy; especially when suchwas evidently desired.
he only shook and nodded his head at thesame moment.
"do you really mean you would meet her if you could?"
"then, if all tales are true, you may, without much difficulty.
forthe coachman told me only to-day, that you may see her light in thewindow of that room almost any night, towards midnight.
he told me,too (for i made quite a friend of him to-day, on purpose to hear histales), that one of the maids, who left the other day, told thegroom -- and he told the coachman -- that she had once heard talking;and, peeping through the key-hole of a door that led into that partof the old house, saw a figure, dressed exactly like the picture oflady euphrasia, wandering up and down, wringing her hands andbeating her breast, as if she were in terrible trouble.
she had alight in her hand which burned awfully blue, and her face was theface of a corpse, with pale-green spots."
"you think to frighten me, funkelstein, and make me tremble at whati said a minute ago.
instead of repeating that.
i say now: i willsleep in lady euphrasia's room this night, if you like."
"i lay you a hundred guineas you won't!"
cried the bohemian.
said hugh, offering him his hand.
funkelstein took it; andso the bet was committed to the decision of courage.
"well, gentlemen," interposed mr. arnold at last, "you might haveleft a corner for me somewhere.
without my permission you willhardly settle your wager."
"i beg your pardon, mr. arnold," said funkelstein.
"we got ratherexcited over it, and forgot our manners.
but i am quite willing togive it up, if mr. sutherland will."
"not i," said hugh; -- "that is, of course, if mr. arnold has noobjection."
"of course not.
my house, ghost and all, is at your service,gentlemen," responded mr. arnold, rising.
they went to the drawing-room.
mr. arnold, strange to say, was in agood humour.
he walked up to mrs. elton, and said:"these wicked men have been betting, mrs.
"i am surprised they should be so silly," said she, with a smile,taking it as a joke.
"what have they been betting about?"
said euphra, coming up to heruncle.
"herr von funkelstein has laid a hundred guineas that mr. sutherlandwill not sleep in lady euphrasia's room to-night."
euphra turned pale.
"by sleep i suppose you mean spend the night?"
said hugh tofunkelstein.
"i cannot be certain of sleeping, you know."
"of course, i mean that," answered the other; and, turning toeuphrasia, continued:"i must say i consider it rather courageous of him to dare thespectre as he does, for he cannot say he disbelieves in her.
butcome and sing me one of the old songs," he added, in an under tone.
euphra allowed him to lead her to the piano; but instead of singinga song to him, she played some noisy music, through which he and shecontrived to talk for some time, without being overheard; afterwhich he left the room.
euphra then looked round to hugh, andbegged him with her eyes to come to her.
he could not resist,burning with jealousy as he was.
"are you sure you have nerve enough for this, hugh?"
she said, stillplaying.
"i have had nerve enough to sit still and look at you for the lasthalf hour," answered hugh, rudely.
she turned pale, and glanced up at him with a troubled look.
then,without responding to his answer, said:"i daresay the count is not over-anxious to hold you to your bet."
"pray intercede for me with the count, madam," answered hugh,sarcastically.
"he would not wish the young fool to be frightened, idaresay.
but perhaps he wishes to have an interview with the ghosthimself, and grudges me the privilege."
she turned deadly pale this time, and gave him one terrified glance,but made no other reply to his words.
still she played on.
"you will arm yourself?"
"against a ghost?
yes, with a stout heart."
"but don't forget the secret door through which we came that night,hugh.
i distrust the count."
the last words were spoken in a whisper, emphasized into almost ahiss.
"tell him i shall be armed.
i tell you i shall meet himbare-handed.
betray me if you like."
hugh had taken his revenge, and now came the reaction.
he gazed ateuphra; but instead of the injured look, which was the best he couldhope to see, an expression of "pity and ruth" grew slowly in herface, making it more lovely than ever in his eyes.
at last sheseemed on the point of bursting into tears; and, suddenly changingthe music, she began playing a dead-march.
she kept her eyes on thekeys.
once more, only, she glanced round, to see whether hugh wasstill by her side; and he saw that her face was pale as death, andwet with silent tears.
he had never seen her weep before.
he wouldhave fallen at her feet, had he been alone with her.
to hide hisfeelings, he left the room, and then the house.
he wandered into the ghost's walk; and, finding himself there,walked up and down in it.
this was certainly throwing the lady abold challenge, seeing he was going to spend the night in her room.
the excitement into which jealousy had thrown him, had been suddenlychecked by the sight of euphra's tears.
the reaction, too, afterhis partial intoxication, had already begun to set in; to beaccounted for partly by the fact that its source had been chieflychampagne, and partly by the other fact, that he had bound himselfin honour, to dare a spectre in her own favourite haunt.
on the other hand, the sight of euphra's emotion had given him a farbetter courage than jealousy or wine could afford.
yet, after tenminutes passed in the shadows of the ghost's walk, he would not havetaken the bet at ten times its amount.
but to lose it now would have been a serious affair for him, thedisgrace of failure unconsidered.
if he could have lost a hundredguineas, it would have been comparatively a slight matter; but tolose a bet, and be utterly unable to pay it, would bedisgraceful -- no better than positive cheating.
he had not thoughtof this at the time.
nor, even now, was it more than a passingthought; for he had not the smallest desire to recede.
the ambitionof proving his courage to euphra, and, far more, the strength justafforded him by the sight of her tears, were quite sufficient tocarry him on to the ordeal.
whether they would carry him through itwith dignity, he did not ask himself.
and, after all, would the ghost appear?
at the best, she might notcome; at the very worst, she would be but a ghost; and he could saywith hamlet --       "for my soul, what can it do to that,     being a thing as immortal as itself?"
but then, his jealousy having for the moment intermitted, hugh wasnot able to say with hamlet --     "i do not set my life at a pin's fee;"and that had much to do with hamlet's courage in the affair of theghost.
he walked up and down the avenue, till, beginning to feel the nightchilly, he began to feel the avenue eerie; for cold is veryantagonistic to physical courage.
but what refuge would he find inthe ghost's room?
he returned to the drawing-room.
von funkelstein and euphra werethere alone, but in no proximity.
mr. arnold soon entered.
"shall i have the bed prepared for you, mr.
"which of your maids will you persuade to that office?"
said mr.arnold, with a facetious expression.
"i must do it myself," answered euphra, "if mr. sutherlandpersists."
hugh saw, or thought he saw, the bohemian dart an angry glance ateuphra, who shrank under it.
but before he could speak, mr. arnoldrejoined:"you can make a bed, then?
that is the housemaid's phrase, is itnot?"
"i can do anything another can, uncle."
can you see the ghost?"
"yes," she answered, with a low lingering on the sibilant; lookinground, at the same time, with an expression that implied a hope thathugh had heard it; as indeed he had.
said mr. arnold, in a tone of gentle contempt.
"do not disturb the ghost's bed for me," said hugh.
"it would be apity to disarrange it, after it has lain so for an age.
besides, ineed not rouse the wrath of the poor spectre more than can't behelped.
if i must sleep in her room, i need not sleep in her bed.
i will lie on the old couch.
herr von funkelstein, what proofshall i give you?"
"your word, mr. sutherland," replied funkelstein, with a bow.
at what hour must i be there."
i don't know.
by eleven i should think.
any time beforemidnight.
that's the ghost's own, is it not?
it is now -- let mesee -- almost ten."
"then i will go at once," said hugh, thinking it better to meet thegradual approach of the phantom-hour in the room itself, than towalk there through the desolate house, and enter the room just asthe fear would be gathering thickest within it.
besides, he wasafraid that his courage might have broken down a little by thattime, and that he would not be able to conceal entirely theanticipative dread, whose inroad he had reason to apprehend.
"i have one good cup of tea yet, mr. sutherland," said euphra.
"willyou not strengthen your nerves with that, before we lead you to thetomb?"
"then she will go with me," thought hugh.
"i will, thank you, misscameron."
he approached the table at which she stood pouring out the cup oftea.
she said, low and hurriedly, without raising her head:"don't go, dear hugh.
you don't know what may happen."
"i will go, euphra.
not even you shall prevent me."
"i will pay the wager for you -- lend you the money."
-- the tone implied many things.
mr. arnold approached.
other conversation followed.
as half-pastten chimed from the clock on the chimney-piece, hugh rose to go.
"i will just get a book from my room," he said; "and then perhapsherr von funkelstein will be kind enough to see me make a beginningat least."
"certainly i will.
and i advise you to let the book be edgar poe'stales."
i shall need all the courage i have, i assure you.
i shallfind you here?"
hugh went to his room, and washed his face and hands.
before doingso, he pulled off his finger a ring of considerable value, which hadbelonged to his father.
as he was leaving the room to return to thecompany, he remembered that he had left the ring on thewashhand-stand.
he generally left it there at night; but now hebethought himself that, as he was not going to sleep in the room, itmight be as well to place it in the escritoire.
he opened thesecret place, and laid the diamond beside his poems and the crystalring belonging to mr. arnold.
this done, he took up his book again,and, returning to the drawing-room, found the whole party preparedto accompany him.
mr. arnold had the keys.
von funkelstein and hewent first, and hugh followed with euphra.
"we will not contribute to your discomfiture by locking the doors onthe way, mr. sutherland," said mr. arnold.
"that is, you will not compel me to win the wager in spite of myfears," said hugh.
"but you will let the ghost loose on the household," said thebohemian, laughing.
"i will be responsible for that," replied mr. arnold.
euphra dropped a little behind with hugh.
"remember the secret passage," said she.
"you can get out when youwill, whether they lock the door, or not.
don't carry it too far,hugh."
"the ghost you mean, euphra.
-- i don't think i shall," said hugh,laughing.
but as he laughed, an involuntary shudder passed throughhim.
"have i stepped over my own grave?"
they reached the room, and entered.
hugh would have begged them tolock him in, had he not felt that his knowledge of the secret door,would, although he intended no use of it, render such a proposaldishonourable.
they gave him the key of the door, to lock it on theinside, and bade him good night.
they were just leaving him, whenhugh on whom a new light had broken at last, in the gradualrestoration of his faculties, said to the bohemian:"one word with you, herr von funkelstein, if you please."
funkelstein followed him into the room; when hugh half-closing thedoor, said:"i trust to your sympathy, as gentleman, not to misunderstand me.
iwagered a hundred guineas with you in the heat of after-dinner talk.
i am not at present worth a hundred shillings."
began funkelstein, with a sneer, "if you wish to get off onthat ground --""herr von funkelstein," interrupted hugh, in a very decided tone, "ipointed to your sympathy as a gentleman, as the ground on which ihad hoped to meet you now.
if you have difficulty in finding thatground, another may be found to-morrow without much seeking."
hugh paused for a moment after making this grand speech; butfunkelstein did not seem to understand him: he stood in a waitingattitude.
hugh therefore went on:"meantime, what i wanted to say is this: -- i have just left a ring inmy room, which, though in value considerably below the sum mentionedbetween us, may yet be a pledge of my good faith, in as far as it isof infinitely more value to me than can be reckoned in money.
itwas the property of one who by birth, and perhaps by social positionas well, was herr von funkelstein's equal.
the ring is a diamond,and belonged to my father."
von funkelstein merely replied:"i beg your pardon, mr. sutherland, for misunderstanding you.
thering is quite an equivalent."
and making him a respectful bow, heturned and left him.
the black jades of swart night trot foggy rings'bout heaven's brow.
'tis now stark dead night.
-- second part of antonio and mellida.
as soon as hugh was alone, his first action was to lock the door bywhich he had entered; his next to take the key from the lock, andput it in his pocket.
he then looked if there were any otherfastenings, and finding an old tarnished brass bolt as well,succeeded in making it do its duty for the first time that century,which required some persuasion, as may be supposed.
he then turnedtowards the other door.
as he crossed the room, he found fourcandles, a decanter of port, and some biscuits, on a table -- placedthere, no doubt, by the kind hands of euphra.
he vowed to himselfthat he would not touch the wine.
"i have had enough of that for onenight," said he.
but he lighted the candles; and then saw that thecouch was provided with plenty of wraps for the night.
one ofthem -- he recognised to his delight -- was a cameron tartan, often wornby euphra.
he buried his face in it for a moment, and drew from itfresh courage.
he then went into the furthest recess, lifted thetapestry, and proceeded to fasten the concealed door.
but, to hisdiscomfiture, he could find no fastening upon it.
"no doubt,"thought he, "it does fasten, in some secret way or other."
but hecould discover none.
there was no mark of bolt or socket to showwhence one had been removed, nor sign of friction to indicate thatthe door had ever been made secure in such fashion.
it closed witha spring.
"then," said hugh, apostrophising the door, "i must watch you."
as, however, it was not yet near the time when ghosts are to beexpected, and as he felt very tired, he drank one glass of the wine,and throwing himself on the couch, drew euphra's shawl over him,opened his book, and began to read.
but the words soon vanished ina bewildering dance, and he slept.
he started awake in that agony of fear in which i suppose mostpeople have awaked in the night, once or twice in their lives.
hefelt that he was not alone.
but the feeling seemed, when herecalled it, to have been altogether different from that with whichwe recognise the presence of the most unwelcome bodily visitor.
thewhole of his nervous skeleton seemed to shudder and contract.
everysense was intensified to the acme of its acuteness; while the powersof volition were inoperative.
he could not move a finger.
the moment in which he first saw the object i am about to describe,he could not recall.
the impression made seemed to have been toostrong for the object receiving it, destroying thus its own traces,as an overheated brand-iron would in dry timber.
or it may be that,after such a pre-sensation, the cause of it could not surprise him.
he saw, a few paces off, bending as if looking down upon him, a facewhich, if described as he described it, would be pronounced as farpast the most liberal boundary-line of art, as itself had passedbeyond that degree of change at which a human countenance is fit forthe upper world no longer, and must be hidden away out of sight.
the lips were dark, and drawn back from the closed teeth, whichwere white as those of a skull.
there were spots -- in fact, the facecorresponded exactly to the description given by funkelstein of thereported ghost of lady euphrasia.
the dress was point for pointcorrespondent to that in the picture.
had the portrait of ladyeuphrasia been hanging on the wall above, instead of the portrait ofthe unknown nun, hugh would have thought, as far as dress wasconcerned, that it had come alive, and stepped from itsframe -- except for one thing: there was no ring on the thumb.
it was wonderful to himself afterwards, that he should have observedall these particulars; but the fact was, that they rather burntthemselves in upon his brain, than were taken notice of by him.
they returned upon him afterwards by degrees, as one becomessensible of the pain of a wound.
but there was one sign of life.
though the eyes were closed, tearsflowed from them; and seemed to have worn channels for theirconstant flow down this face of death, which ought to have beenlying still in the grave, returning to its dust, and was weepingabove ground instead.
the figure stood for a moment, as one whowould gaze, could she but open her heavy, death-rusted eyelids.
then, as if in hopeless defeat, she turned away.
and then, tocrown the horror literally as well as figuratively, hugh saw thather hair sparkled and gleamed goldenly, as the hair of a saintmight, if the aureole were combed down into it.
she moved towardsthe door with a fettered pace, such as one might attribute to thedead if they walked; -- to the dead body, i say, not to the livingghost; to that which has lain in the prison-hold, till the jointsare decayed with the grave-damps, and the muscles are stiff withmore than deathly cold.
she dragged one limb after the other slowlyand, to appearance, painfully, as she moved towards the door whichhugh had locked.
when she had gone half-way to the door, hugh, lying as he was on acouch, could see her feet, for her dress did not reach the ground.
they were bare, as the feet of the dead ought to be, which areabout to tread softly in the realm of hades, but how stained andmouldy and iron-spotted, as if the rain had been soaking through thespongy coffin, did the dress show beside the pure whiteness of thoseexquisite feet!
not a sign of the tomb was upon them.
small,living, delicately formed, hugh, could he have forgot the face theybore above, might have envied the floor which in their nakednessthey seemed to caress, so lingeringly did they move from it in theirnoiseless progress.
she reached the door, put out her hand, and touched it.
hugh saw itopen outwards and let her through.
nor did this strike him as inthe smallest degree marvellous.
it closed again behind her,noiseless as her footfalls.
the moment she vanished, the power of motion returned to him, andhugh sprang to his feet.
he leaped to the door.
with tremblinghand he inserted the key, and the lock creaked as he turned it.
in proof of his being in tolerable possession of his faculties atthe moment, and that what he was relating to me actually occurred,he told me that he remembered at once that he had heard thatpeculiar creak, a few moments before euphra and he discovered thatthey were left alone in this very chamber.
he had never thought ofit before.
still the door would not open: it was bolted as well, and the boltwas very stiff to withdraw.
but at length he succeeded.
when he reached the passage outside, he thought he saw the glimmerof a light, perhaps in the picture-gallery beyond.
towards this hegroped his way.
-- he could never account for the fact, that he leftthe candles burning in the room behind him and went forward into thedarkness, except by supposing that his wits had gone astray, inconsequence of the shock the apparition had occasioned them.
-- whenhe reached the gallery, there was no light there; but somewhere inthe distance he saw, or fancied, a faint shimmer.
the impulse to go towards it was too strong to be disputed with.
headvanced with outstretched arms, groping.
after a few steps, he hadlost all idea of where he was, or how he ought to proceed in orderto reach any known quarter.
the light had vanished.
-- wasthat a stealthy step he heard beside him in the dark?
he had notime to speculate, for the next moment he fell senseless.
darkness is fled: look, infant morn hath drawnbright silver curtains 'bout the couch of night;and now aurora's horse trots azure rings,breathing fair light about the firmament.
stand; what's that?
-- second part of antonio and mellida.
when he came to himself, it was with a slow flowing of the tide ofconsciousness.
his head ached.
had he fallen down stairs?
-- or hadhe struck his head against some projection, and so stunned himself?
the last he remembered was -- standing quite still in the dark, andhearing something.
had he been knocked down?
he could nottell.
-- where was he?
could the ghost have been all a dream?
andthis headache be nature's revenge upon last night's wine?
-- for helay on the couch in the haunted chamber, and on his bosom lay thebook over which he had dropped asleep.
mingled with all this doubt, there was another.
for he rememberedthat, when consciousness first returned, he felt as if he had seeneuphra's face bending down close over his.
-- could it be possible?
had euphra herself come to see how he had fared?
-- the room lay inthe grey light of the dawn, but euphra was nowhere visible.
couldshe have vanished ashamed through the secret door?
or had she beenonly a phantasy, a projection outwards of the form that dwelt in hisbrain; a phenomenon often occurring when the last of sleeping andthe first of waking are indistinguishably blended in a vagueconsciousness?
but if it was so, then the ghost?
-- what of it?
had not his brain,by the events of the preceding evening, been similarly prepared withregard to it?
was it not more likely, after all, that she too wasthe offspring of his own imagination -- the power that makesimages -- especially when considered, that she exactly corresponded tothe description given by the bohemian?
-- but had he not observed manypoints at which the count had not even hinted?
-- still, it was asnatural to expect that an excited imagination should supply thedetails of a wholly imaginary spectacle, as that, given the idea ofeuphra's presence, it should present the detail of her countenance;for the creation of that which is not, belongs as much to the realmof the imagination, as the reproduction of that which is.
it seemed very strange to hugh himself, that he should be able thusto theorize, before even he had raised himself from the couch onwhich, perhaps, after all, he had lain without moving, throughoutthat terrible night, swarming with the horrors of the dead thatwould not sleep.
but the long unconsciousness, in which he hadhimself visited the regions of death, seemed to have restored him,in spite of his aching head, to perfect mental equilibrium.
or, atleast, his brain was quiet enough to let his mind work.
still, hefelt very ghastly within.
he raised himself on his elbow, andlooked into the room.
everything was the same as it had been thenight before, only with an altered aspect in the dawn-light.
thedawn has a peculiar terror of its own, sometimes perhaps even morereal in character, but very different from the terrors of the nightand of candle-light.
the room looked as if no ghost could havepassed through its still old musty atmosphere, so perfectlyreposeful did it appear; and yet it seemed as if some umbra, sometemporary and now cast-off body of the ghost, must be lying orlingering somewhere about it.
he rose, and peeped into the recesswhere the cabinet stood.
nothing was there but the well rememberedcarving and blackness.
having once yielded to the impulse, he couldnot keep from peering every moment, now into one, and now intoanother of the many hidden corners.
the next suggesting itself forexamination, was always one he could not see from where hestood: -- after all, even in the daylight, there might be some deadthing there -- who could tell?
but he remained manfully at his posttill the sun rose; till bell after bell rang from the turret; till,in short, funkelstein came to fetch him.
"good morning, mr. sutherland," said he.
"how have you slept?"
"like a -- somnambulist," answered hugh, choosing the word for itsintensity.
"i slept so sound that i woke quite early."
"i am glad to hear it.
but it is nearly time for breakfast, forwhich ceremony i am myself hardly in trim yet."
so saying, funkelstein turned, and walked away with someprecipitation.
what occasioned hugh a little surprise; was, that hedid not ask him one question more as to how he had passed the night.
he had, of course, slept in the house, seeing he presented himselfin deshabille.
hugh hastened to his own room, where, under the anti-ghostialinfluences of the bath, he made up his mind not to say a word aboutthe apparition to any one.
"well, mr. sutherland, how have you spent the night?"
said mr.arnold, greeting him.
"i slept with profound stupidity," answered hugh; "a stupidity, infact, quite worthy of the folly of the preceding wager."
this was true, as relating to the time during which he had slept,but was, of course, false in the impression it gave.
exclaimed mr. arnold, with an unwonted impulsiveness.
"thebest mood, i consider, in which to meet such creations of otherpeople's brains!
and you positively passed a pleasant night in theawful chamber?
that is something to tell euphra.
but she is notdown yet.
you have restored the character of my house, mr.sutherland; and next to his own character, a man ought to care forthat of his house.
i am greatly in your debt, sir."
at this moment, euphra's maid brought the message, that her mistresswas sorry she was unable to appear at breakfast.
mrs. elton took her place.
"the day is so warm and still, mr. arnold, that i think lady emilymight have a drive to-day.
perhaps miss cameron may be able to joinus by that time."
"i cannot think what is the matter with euphra," said mr. arnold.
"she never used to be affected in this way."
"should you not seek some medical opinion?"
said mrs. elton.
"theseconstant headaches must indicate something wrong."
the constant headache had occurred just once before, since mrs.elton had formed one of the family.
after a pause, mr. arnoldreverted to the former subject.
"you are most welcome to the carriage, mrs. elton.
i am sorry icannot accompany you myself; but i must go to town to-day.
you cantake mr. sutherland with you, if you like.
he will take care ofyou."
"i shall be most happy," said hugh.
"so shall we all," responded mrs. elton kindly.
"thank you, mr.arnold; though i am sorry you can't go with us."
"what hour shall i order the carriage?"
"about one, i think.
will herr von funkelstein favour us with hiscompany?"
"i am sorry," replied funkelstein; "but i too must leave for londonto-day.
shall i have the pleasure of accompanying you, mr.
"with all my heart, if you can leave so early.
i must go at once tocatch the express train."
"i shall be ready in ten minutes."
"pray, mrs. elton, make my adieus to miss cameron.
i am concernedto hear of her indisposition."
i am going to her now.
as soon as mrs. elton left the breakfast-room, mr. arnold rose,saying:"i will walk round to the stable, and order the carriage myself.
ishall then be able, through your means, mr. sutherland, to put astop to these absurd rumours in person.
not that i mean to sayanything direct, as if i placed any importance upon it; but, thecoachman being an old servant, i shall be able through him, to sendthe report of your courage and its result, all over the house."
this was a very gracious explanation of his measures.
as heconcluded it, he left the room, without allowing time for a reply.
hugh had not expected such an immediate consequence of his policy,and felt rather uncomfortable; but he soon consoled himself bythinking, "at least it will do no harm."
while mr. arnold was speaking, funkelstein had been writing at aside-table.
he now handed hugh a cheque on a london banking-housefor a hundred guineas.
hugh, in his innocence, could not helpfeeling ashamed of gaining such a sum by such means; for betting,like tobacco-smoking, needs a special training before it can becarried out quite comfortably, especially by the winner, if he be atall of a generous nature.
but he felt that to show the leastreluctance would place him at great disadvantage with a man of theworld like the count.
he therefore thanked him slightly, and thrustthe cheque into his trowsers-pocket, as if a greater sum of moneythan he had ever handled before were nothing more for him to win,than the count would choose it to be considered for him to lose.
hethought with himself: "ah!
well, i need not make use of it;" andrepaired to the school-room.
here he found harry waiting for him, looking tolerably well, andtolerably happy.
this was a great relief to hugh, for he had notseen him at the breakfast-table -- harry having risen early andbreakfasted before; and he had felt very uneasy lest the boy shouldhave missed him in the night (for they were still bed-fellows), andshould in consequence have had one of his dreadful attacks offear.
-- it was evident that this had not taken place.
there's a special providence in the fall of a sparrow.
when mrs. elton left the breakfast table, she went straight to misscameron's room to inquire after her, expecting to find her maid withher.
but when she knocked at the door, there was no reply.
she went therefore to her own room, and sent her maid to findeuphra's maid.
"is your mistress going to get up to-day, jane?"
asked mrs. elton.
"i don't know, ma'am.
she has not rung yet."
"have you not been to see how she is?"
"how was it you brought that message at breakfast, then?"
jane looked confused, and did not reply.
said mrs. elton, in a tone of objurgation.
"well, ma'am, she told me to say so," answered jane.
"how did she tell you?"
jane paused again.
"through the door, ma'am," she answered at length; and thenmuttered, that they would make her tell lies by asking her questionsshe couldn't answer; and she wished she was out of the house, thatshe did.
mrs. elton heard this, and, of course, felt considerably puzzled.
"will you go now, please, and inquire after your mistress, with mycompliments?"
"i daren't, ma'am."
what do you mean?"
"well, ma'am, there is something about my mistress -- " here shestopped abruptly; but as mrs. elton stood expectant, she tried to goon.
all she could add, however, was -- "no, ma'am; i daren't."
"but there is no harm in going to her room."
"oh, no, ma'am.
i go to her room, summer and winter, at seveno'clock every morning," answered jane, apparently glad to be able tosay something.
"why won't you go now, then?"
"why -- why -- because she told me -- " here the girl stammered and turnedpale.
at length she forced out the words -- "she won't let me tellyou why," and burst into tears.
"won't let you tell me?"
repeated mrs. elton, beginning to think thegirl must be out of her mind.
jane looked hurriedly over hershoulder, as if she expected to see her mistress standing behindher, and then said, almost defiantly:"no, she won't; and i can't."
with these words, she hurried out of the room, while mrs. eltonturned with baffled bewilderment to seek counsel from the face ofmargaret.
as to what all this meant, i am in doubt.
i haverecorded it as margaret told it to hugh afterwards -- because it seemsto indicate something.
it shows evidently enough, that if euphrahad more than a usual influence over servants in general, she had agreat deal more over this maid in particular.
was this in virtue ofa power similar to that of count halkar over herself?
and was this,or something very different, or both combined, the art which he hadaccused her of first exercising upon him?
might the fact that herdefeat had resulted in such absolute subjection, be connected withher possession of a power similar to his, which she had matched withhis in vain?
of course i only suggest these questions.
i cannotanswer them.
at one o'clock, the carriage came round to the door; and hugh, inthe hope of seeing euphra alone, was the first in the hall.
mrs.elton and lady emily presently came, and proceeded to take theirplaces, without seeming to expect miss cameron.
hugh helped theminto the carriage; but, instead of getting in, lingered, hoping thateuphra was yet going to make her appearance.
"i fear miss cameron is unable to join us," said mrs. elton,divining his delay.
"shall i run up-stairs, and knock at her door?"
"do," said mrs. elton, who, after the unsatisfactory conversationshe had held with her maid, had felt both uneasy and curious, allthe morning.
hugh bounded up-stairs; but, just as he was going to knock, the dooropened, and euphra appeared.
how ill you look!"
she was pale as death, and dark under the eyes; and had evidentlybeen weeping.
it is only a bad headache.
don't take any notice of it."
"the carriage is at the door.
will you not come with us?"
"lady emily and mrs.
"i am sick of them."
"i am going, euphra."
"stay with me."
"i must go.
i promised to take care of them."
what should happen to them?
stay with me."
i am very sorry.
i wish i could."
"then i must go with you, i suppose."
yet her tone expressedannoyance.
thank you," cried hugh in delight.
i will rundown, and tell them to wait."
he bounded away, and told the ladies that euphra would join them ina few minutes.
but euphra was cool enough to inflict on them quite twenty minutesof waiting; by which time she was able to behave with tolerablepropriety.
when she did appear at last, she was closely veiled, andstepped into the carriage without once showing her face.
but shemade a very pretty apology for the delay she had occasioned; whichwas certainly due, seeing it had been perfectly intentional.
shemade room for hugh; he took his place beside her; and away theydrove.
euphra scarcely spoke; but begged indulgence, on the ground of herheadache.
lady emily enjoyed the drive very much, and said a greatmany pleasant little nothings.
"would you like a glass of milk?"
said mrs. elton to her, as theypassed a farm-house on the estate.
"i should -- very much," answered lady emily.
the carriage was stopped, and the servant sent to beg a glass ofmilk.
euphra, who, from riding backward with a headache, had beenfeeling very uncomfortable for some time, wished to get out whilethe carriage was waiting.
hugh jumped out, and assisted her.
shewalked a little way, leaning on his arm, up to the house, where shehad a glass of water; after which she said she felt better, andreturned with him to the carriage.
in getting in again, either fromthe carelessness or the weakness occasioned by suffering, her footslipped from the step, and she fell with a cry of alarm.
hughcaught her as she fell; and she would not have been much injured,had not the horses started and sprung forward at the moment, so thatthe hind wheel of the carriage passed over her ankle.
hugh, raisingher in his arms, found she was insensible.
he laid her down upon the grass by the roadside.
water wasprocured, but she showed no sign of recovering.
-- what was to bedone?
mrs. elton thought she had better be carried to thefarm-house.
hugh judged it better to take her home at once.
tothis, after a little argument, mrs. elton agreed.
they lifted her into the carriage, and made what arrangements theybest could to allow her to recline.
blood was flowing from herfoot; and it was so much swollen that it was impossible to guess atthe amount of the injury.
the foot was already twice the size ofthe other, in which hugh for the first time recognised such adelicacy of form, as, to his fastidious eye and already ensnaredheart, would have been perfectly enchanting, but for the agony hesuffered from the injury to the other.
yet he could not help thethought crossing his mind, that her habit of never lifting her dresswas a very strange one, and that it must have had something to dowith the present accident.
i cannot account for this habit, but onone of two suppositions; that of an affected delicacy, or that ofthe desire that the beauty of her feet should have its full power,from being rarely seen.
but it was dreadful to think how far theeffects of this accident might permanently injure the beauty of oneof them.
hugh would have walked home that she might have more room, but heknew he could be useful when they arrived.
he seated himself so asto support the injured foot, and prevent, in some measure, thetorturing effects of the motion of the carriage.
when they had goneabout half-way, she opened her eyes feebly, glanced at him, andclosed them again with a moan of pain.
he carried her in his arms up to her own room, and laid her on acouch.
she thanked him by a pitiful attempt at a smile.
he mountedhis horse, and galloped for a surgeon.
the injury was a serious one; but until the swelling could be alittle reduced, it was impossible to tell how serious.
the surgeon,however, feared that some of the bones of the ankle might becrushed.
the ankle seemed to be dislocated, and the suffering wasfrightful.
she endured it well, however -- so far as absolute silenceconstitutes endurance.
hugh's misery was extreme.
the surgeon had required his assistance;but a suitable nurse soon arrived, and there was no pretext for hisfurther presence in the sick chamber.
he wandered about thegrounds.
harry haunted his steps like a spaniel.
the poor boy feltit much; and the suffering abstraction of hugh sealed up his chiefwell of comfort.
at length he went to mrs. elton, who did her bestto console him.
by the surgeon's express orders, every one but the nurse wasexcluded from euphra's room.
come on and do your bestto fright me with your sprites: you're powerful at it.
you smell this business with a sense as coldas is a dead man's nose.
a winter's tale.
when mr. arnold came home to dinner, and heard of the accident, hisfirst feeling, as is the case with weak men, was one of mingledannoyance and anger.
hugh was the chief object of it; for had henot committed the ladies to his care?
and the economy of his housebeing partially disarranged by it, had he not a good right to beangry?
his second feeling was one of concern for his niece, whichwas greatly increased when he found that she was not in a state tosee him.
still, nothing must interfere with the order of things;and when hugh went into the drawing-room at the usual hour, he foundmr. arnold standing there in tail coat and white neck-cloth, lookingas if he had just arrived at a friend's house, to make one of astupid party.
and the party which sat down to dinner was certainlydreary enough, consisting only, besides the host himself, of mrs.elton, hugh, and harry.
lady emily had had exertion enough for theday, and had besides shared in the shock of euphra's misfortune.
mr. arnold was considerably out of humour, and ready to pounce uponany object of complaint.
he would have attacked hugh with a pompousspeech on the subject of his carelessness, but he was rather afraidof his tutor now; -- so certainly will the stronger get the upper handin time.
he did not even refer to the subject of the accident.
therefore, although it filled the minds of all at table, it wasscarcely more than alluded to.
but having nothing at hand to findfault with more suitable, he laid hold of the first wise remarkvolunteered by good mrs. elton; whereupon an amusing pas de deuximmediately followed; for it could not be called a duel, inasmuch aseach antagonist kept skipping harmlessly about the other, explodingtheological crackers, firmly believed by the discharger to be noless than bomb-shells.
at length mrs. elton withdrew.
"by the way, mr. sutherland," said mr. arnold, "have you succeededin deciphering that curious inscription yet?
i don't like the ringto remain long out of my own keeping.
it is quite an heirloom, iassure you."
hugh was forced to confess that he had never thought of it again.
"shall i fetch it at once?"
no," replied mr. arnold.
"i should really like to understandthe inscription.
to-morrow will do perfectly well."
they went to the drawing-room.
everything was wretched.
howevermany ghosts might be in the house, it seemed to hugh that there wasno soul in it except in one room.
the wind sighed fitfully, and therain fell in slow, soundless showers.
mr. arnold felt the vacantoppression as well as hugh.
mrs elton having gone to lady emily'sroom, he proposed back gammon; and on that surpassing game, thegentlemen expended the best part of two dreary hours.
when hughreached his room he was too tired and spiritless for anyintellectual effort; and, instead of trying to decipher the ring,went to bed, and slept as if there were never a ghost or a woman inthe universe.
his first proceeding, after breakfast next day, was to get togetherhis german books; and his next to take out the ring, which was to besubjected to their analytical influences.
he went to his desk, andopened the secret place.
there he stood fixed.
-- the ring was gone.
his packet of papers was there, rather crumpled: the ring wasnowhere.
what had become of it?
it was not long before aconclusion suggested itself.
it flashed upon him all at once.
"the ghost has got it," he said, half aloud.
"it is shining now onher dead finger.
it was lady euphrasia.
she was going for it then.
it wasn't on her thumb when she went.
she came back with it,shining through the dark -- stepped over me, perhaps, as i lay on thefloor in her way."
he shivered, like one in an ague-fit.
again and again, with that frenzied, mechanical motion, which, likethe eyes of a ghost, has "no speculation" in it, he searched thereceptacle, although it freely confessed its emptiness to any askingeye.
then he stood gazing, and his heart seemed to stand stilllikewise.
but a new thought stung him, turning him almost sick with a sense ofloss.
suddenly and frantically he dived his hand into the place yetagain, useless as he knew the search to be.
he took up his papers,and scattered them loose.
it was all unavailing: his father's ringwas gone as well.
he sank on a chair for a moment; but, instantly recovering, foundhimself, before he was quite aware of his own resolution, halfwaydown stairs, on his way to mr. arnold's room.
it was empty.
herang for his servant.
mr. arnold had gone away on horseback, andwould not be home till dinner-time.
counsel from mrs. elton washopeless.
help from euphra he could not ask.
he returned to hisown room.
there he found harry waiting for him.
his neglectedpupil was now his only comforter.
such are the revenges of divinegoodness.
he said, "i have been robbed."
cried harry, starting up.
"never mind, mr. sutherland; mypapa's a justice of the peace.
he'll catch the thief for you."
"but it's your papa's ring that they've stolen.
he lent it to me,and what if he should not believe me?"
"not believe you, mr. sutherland?
but he must believe you.
i willtell him all about it; and he knows i never told him a lie in mylife."
"but you don't know anything about it, harry."
"but you will tell me, won't you?"
hugh could not help smiling with pleasure at the confidence hispupil placed in him.
he had not much fear about being believed,but, at the best, it was an unpleasant occurrence.
the loss of his own ring not only added to his vexation, but to hisperplexity as well.
what could she want with his ring?
could shehave carried with her such a passion for jewels, as to come from thegrave to appropriate those of others as well as to reclaim her own?
was this her comfort in hades, 'poor ghost'?
would it be better to tell mr. arnold of the loss of both rings, orshould he mention the crystal only?
he came to the conclusion thatit would only exasperate him the more, and perhaps turn suspicionupon himself, if he communicated the fact that he too was a loser,and to such an extent; for hugh's ring was worth twenty of theother, and was certainly as sacred as mr. arnold's, if not soancient.
he would bear it in silence.
if the one could not befound, there could certainly be no hope of the other.
punctual as the clock, mr. arnold returned.
it did not prejudicehim in favour of the reporter of bad tidings, that he begged a wordwith him before dinner, when that was on the point of being served.
it was, indeed, exceeding impolitic; but hugh would have felt likean impostor, had he sat down to the table before making hisconfession.
"mr. arnold, i am sorry to say i have been robbed, and in yourhouse, too."
"in my house?
of what, pray, mr.
mr. arnold had taken the information as some weak men take any kindof information referring to themselves or their belongings -- namely,as an insult.
he drew himself up, and lowered portentously.
"of your ring, mr.
"of -- my -- ring?"
and he looked at his ring-finger, as if he could not understand theimport of hugh's words.
"of the ring you lent me to decipher," explained hugh.
"do you suppose i do not understand you, mr. sutherland?
a ringwhich has been in the family for two hundred years at least!
in my house?
you must have been disgracefully careless, mr.sutherland.
you have lost it."
"mr. arnold," said hugh, with dignity, "i am above using such asubterfuge, even if it were not certain to throw suspicion where itwas undeserved."
mr. arnold was a gentleman, as far as his self-importance allowed.
he did not apologize for what he had said, but he changed hismanner at once.
"i am quite bewildered, mr. sutherland.
it is a very annoying pieceof news -- for many reasons."
"i can show you where i laid it -- in the safest corner in my room, iassure you."
"of course, of course.
it is enough you say so.
we must not keepthe dinner waiting now.
but after dinner i shall have all theservants up, and investigate the matter thoroughly."
"so," thought hugh with himself, "some one will be made a felon of,because the cursed dead go stalking about this infernal house atmidnight, gathering their own old baubles.
no, that will not do.
imust at least tell mr. arnold what i know of the doings of thenight."
so mr. arnold must still wait for his dinner; or rather, which wasreally of more consequence in the eyes of mr. arnold, the dinnermust be kept waiting for him.
for order and custom were two of mr.arnold's divinities; and the economy of his whole nature was apt tobe disturbed by any interruption of their laws, such as thepostponement of dinner for ten minutes.
he was walking towards thedoor, and turned with some additional annoyance when hugh addressedhim again:"one moment, mr. arnold, if you please."
mr. arnold merely turned and waited.
"i fear i shall in some degree forfeit your good opinion by what iam about to say, but i must run the risk."
mr. arnold still waited.
"there is more about the disappearance of the ring than i canunderstand."
"or i either, mr.
"but i must tell you what happened to myself, the night that i keptwatch in lady euphrasia's room."
"you said you slept soundly."
"so i did, part of the time."
"then you kept back part of the truth?"
"was that worthy of you?"
"i thought it best: i doubted myself."
"what has caused you to change your mind now?"
"this event about the ring."
"what has that to do with it?
how do you even know that it wastaken on that night?"
"i do not know; for till this morning i had not opened the placewhere it lay: i only suspect."
"i am a magistrate, mr. sutherland: i would rather not be prejudicedby suspicions."
"the person to whom my suspicions refer, is beyond yourjurisdiction, mr.
"i do not understand you."
"i will explain myself."
hugh gave mr. arnold a hurried yet circumstantial sketch of theapparition he believed he had seen.
"what am i to judge from all this?"
asked he, coldly, almostcontemptuously.
"i have told you the facts; of course i must leave the conclusionsto yourself, mr. arnold; but i confess, for my part, that anydisbelief i had in apparitions is almost entirely removed since --""since you dreamed you saw one?"
"since the disappearance of the ring," said hugh.
exclaimed mr. arnold, with indignation.
"can a ghost fetchand carry like a spaniel?
mr. sutherland, i am ashamed to have sucha reasoner for tutor to my son.
come to dinner, and do not let mehear another word of this folly.
i beg you will not mention it toany one."
"i have been silent hitherto, mr. arnold; but circumstances, such asthe commitment of any one on the charge of stealing the ring, mightcompel me to mention the matter.
it would be for the jury todetermine whether it was relevant or not."
it was evident that mr. arnold was more annoyed at the imputationagainst the nocturnal habits of his house, than at the loss of thering, or even its possible theft by one of his servants.
he lookedat hugh for a moment as if he would break into a furious rage; thenhis look gradually changed into one of suspicion, and, turningwithout another word, he led the way to the dining-room, followed byhugh.
to have a ghost held in his face in this fashion, one bred inhis own house, too, when he had positively declared his absolutecontempt for every legend of the sort, was more than man could bear.
he sat down to dinner in gloomy silence, breaking it only as oftenas he was compelled to do the duties of a host, which he performedwith a greater loftiness of ceremony than usual.
there was no summoning of the servants after dinner, however.
hugh's warning had been effectual.
nor was the subject once morealluded to in hugh's hearing.
no doubt mr. arnold felt thatsomething ought to be done; but i presume he could never make up hismind what that something ought to be.
whether any reasons for notprosecuting the inquiry had occurred to him upon further reflection,i am unable to tell.
one thing is certain; that from this time heceased to behave to hugh with that growing cordiality which he hadshown him for weeks past.
it was no great loss to hugh; but he feltit; and all the more, because he could not help associating it withthat look of suspicion, the remains of which were still discernibleon mr. arnold's face.
although he could not determine the exactdirection of mr. arnold's suspicions, he felt that they bore uponsomething associated with the crystal ring, and the story of thephantom lady.
consequently, there was little more of comfort forhim at arnstead.
mr. arnold, however, did not reveal his change of feeling so much byneglect as by ceremony, which, sooner than anything else, builds awall of separation between those who meet every day.
for theoftener they meet, the thicker and the faster are the bricks andmortar of cold politeness, evidently avoided insults, and subjectedmanifestations of dislike, laid together.
o, cocks are crowing a merry midnight,  i wot the wild-fowls are boding day;give me my faith and troth again,  and let me fare me on my way.
sae painfully she clam the wa',  she clam the wa' up after him;hosen nor shoon upon her feet,  she hadna time to put them on.
-- clerk saunders.
dreary days passed.
the reports of euphra were as favourable as thenature of the injury had left room to expect.
still they were butreports: hugh could not see her, and the days passed drearily.
heheard that the swelling was reduced, and that the ankle was foundnot to be dislocated, but that the bones were considerably injured,and that the final effect upon the use of the parts was doubtful.
the pretty foot lay aching in hugh's heart.
when harry went tobed, he used to walk out and loiter about the grounds, full ofanxious fears and no less anxious hopes.
if the night was at allobscure, he would pass, as often as he dared, under euphra's window;for all he could have of her now was a few rays from the same lightthat lighted her chamber.
then he would steal away down the mainavenue, and thence watch the same light, whose beams, in thatstrange play which the intellect will keep up in spite of -- yet inassociation with -- the heart, made a photo-materialist of him.
forhe would now no longer believe in the pulsations of an etherealmedium; but -- that the very material rays which enlightened euphra'sface, whether she waked or slept, stole and filtered through theblind and the gathered shadows, and entered in bodily essence intothe mysterious convolutions of his brain, where his soul and heartsought and found them.
when a week had passed, she was so far recovered as to be able tosee mr. arnold; from whom hugh heard, in a somewhat reproachfultone, that she was but the wreck of her former self.
it was allthat hugh could do to restrain the natural outbreak of his feelings.
a fortnight passed, and she saw mrs. elton and lady emily for a fewmoments.
they would have left before, but had yielded to mr.arnold's entreaty, and were staying till euphra should be at leastable to be carried from her room.
one day, when the visitors were out with mr. arnold, jane brought amessage to hugh, requesting him to walk into miss cameron's room,for she wanted to see him.
hugh felt his heart flutter as ifdoubting whether to stop at once, or to dash through its confiningbars.
he rose and followed the maid.
he stood over euphra pale andspeechless.
she lay before him wasted and wan; her eyes twice theirformer size, but with half their former light; her fingers long andtransparent; and her voice low and feeble.
she had just raisedherself with difficulty to a sitting posture, and the effort hadleft her more weary.
she said, kindly.
he answered, kissing the little hand he held in his.
she looked at him for a little while, and the tears rose in hereyes.
"hugh, i am a cripple for life."
"god forbid, euphra!"
was all he could reply.
she shook her head mournfully.
then a strange, wild look came inher eyes, and grew till it seemed from them to overflow and coverher whole face with a troubled expression, which increased to a lookof dull agony.
"what is the matter, dear euphra?"
said hugh, in alarm.
"is yourfoot very painful?"
she made no answer.
she was looking fixedly at his hand.
"shall i call jane?"
she shook her head.
"can i do nothing for you?"
"no," she answered, almost angrily.
"shall i go, euphra?"
"yes -- yes.
he left the room instantly.
but a sharp though stifled cry ofdespair drew him back at a bound.
euphra had fainted.
he rang the bell for jane; and lingered till he saw signs ofreturning consciousness.
what could this mean?
he was more perplexed with her than ever hehad been.
cunning love, however, soon found a way of explainingit -- a way?
-- twenty ways -- not one of them the way.
next day, lady emily brought him a message from euphra -- not todistress himself about her; it was not his fault.
this message the bearer of it understood to refer to the originalaccident, as the sender of it intended she should: the receiverinterpreted it of the occurrence of the day before, as the senderlikewise intended.
it comforted him.
it had become almost a habit with hugh, to ascend the oak tree inthe evening, and sit alone, sometimes for hours, in the nest he hadbuilt for harry.
one time he took a book with him; another he wentwithout; and now and then harry accompanied him.
but i have alreadysaid, that often after tea, when the house became oppressive to himfrom the longing to see euphra, he would wander out alone; when,even in the shadows of the coming night, he would sometimes climbthe nest, and there sit, hearing all that the leaves whispered aboutthe sleeping birds, without listening to a word of it, or trying tointerpret it by the kindred sounds of his own inner world, and thetree-talk that went on there in secret.
for the divinity of thatinner world had abandoned it for the present, in pursuit of anearthly maiden.
so its birds were silent, and its trees tremblednot.
an aging moon was feeling her path somewhere through the heavens;but a thin veil of cloud was spread like a tent under the hyalinedome where she walked; so that, instead of a white moon, there was agreat white cloud to enlighten the earth, -- a cloud soaked full ofher pale rays.
hugh sat in the oak-nest.
he knew not how long hehad been there.
light after light was extinguished in the house,and still he sat there brooding, dreaming, in that state of mind inwhich to the good, good things come of themselves, and to the evil,evil things.
the nearness of the ghost's walk did not trouble him,for he was too much concerned about euphra to fear ghost or demon.
his mind heeded them not, and so was beyond their influence.
but while he sat, he became aware of human voices.
he looked outfrom his leafy screen, and saw once more, at the end of the ghost'swalk, a form clothed in white.
but there were voices of two.
hesent his soul into his ears to listen.
a horrible, incredible,impossible idea forced itself upon him -- that the tones were those ofeuphra and funkelstein.
the one voice was weak and complaining; theother firm and strong.
"it must be some horrible ghost that imitates her," he said tohimself; for he was nearly crazy at the very suggestion.
he would see nearer, if only to get rid of that frightfulinsinuation of the tempter.
he descended the tree noiselessly.
helost sight of the figure as he did so.
he drew near the place wherehe had seen it.
but there was no sound of voices now to guide him.
as he came within sight of the spot, he saw the white figure in thearms of another, a man.
her head was lying on his shoulder.
amoment after, she was lifted in those arms and borne towards thehouse, -- down the ghost's avenue.
a burning agony to be satisfied of his doubts seized on hugh.
hefled like a deer to the house by another path; tried, in hissuspicion, the library window; found it open, and was at euphra'sdoor in a moment.
here he hesitated.
she must be inside.
how darehe knock or enter?
if she was there, she would be asleep.
he would not wake her.
there was no time to lose.
he would risk anything, to be rid ofthis horrible doubt.
he gently opened the door.
the night-light was burning.
hethought, at first, that euphra was in the bed.
he felt like athief, but he stole nearer.
she was not there.
she was not on thecouch.
she was not in the room.
jane was fast asleep in thedressing-room.
it was enough.
he would watch at his door to see her return, for shemust pass his door to reach her own.
he waited a time that seemedhours.
at length -- horrible, far more horrible to him than thevision of the ghost -- euphra crept past him, appearing in thedarkness to crawl along the wall against which she supportedherself, and scarcely suppressing her groans of pain.
she reachedher own room, and entering, closed the door.
hugh was nearly mad.
he rushed down the stair to the library, andout into the wood.
why or whither he knew not.
suddenly he received a blow on the head.
it did not stun him, buthe staggered under it.
had he run against a tree?
there wasthe dim bulk of a man disappearing through the boles.
he dartedafter him.
the man heard his footsteps, stopped, and waited insilence.
as hugh came up to him, he made a thrust at him with someweapon.
he missed his aim.
the weapon passed through his coat andunder his arm.
the next moment, hugh had wrenched the sword-stickfrom him, thrown it away, and grappled with -- funkelstein.
butstrong as hugh was, the bohemian was as strong, and the contest wasdoubtful.
strange as it may seem -- in the midst of it, while eachheld the other unable to move, the conviction flashed upon hugh'smind, that, whoever might have taken lady euphrasia's ring, he wasgrappling with the thief of his father's.
"give me my ring," gasped he.
an imprecation of a sufficiently emphatic character was the onlyreply.
the bohemian got one hand loose, and hugh heard a sound likethe breaking of glass.
before he could gain any advantage -- for hisantagonist seemed for the moment to have concentrated all his forcein the other hand -- a wet handkerchief was held firmly to his face.
his fierceness died away; he was lapt in the vapour of dreams; andhis senses departed.
believe me, there is more than so,that works such wonders in the minds of men;i, that have often proved, too well it know;and whoso list the like assays to ken,shall find by trial, and confess it then,that beauty is not, as fond men misdeem,an outward show of things that only seem!
but ye, fair dames, the world's dear ornaments,and lively images of heaven's light,let not your beams with such disparagementsbe dimmed, and your bright glory darkened quite;but, mindful still of your first country's sight,do still preserve your first informed grace,whose shadow yet shines in your beauteous face.
-- hymn in honour of beauty.
when hugh came to himself, he was lying, in the first grey of thedawn, amidst the dews and vapours of the morning woods.
he rose andlooked around him.
the ghost's walk lay in long silence before him.
here and there a little bird moved and peeped.
the glory of a newday was climbing up the eastern coast of heaven.
it would be a dayof late summer, crowned with flame, and throbbing with ripeninglife.
but for him the spirit was gone out of the world, and it wasnought but a mass of blind, heartless forces.
possibly, had he overheard the conversation, the motions only ofwhich he had overseen the preceding night, he would, althoughequally perplexed, have thought more gently of euphra; but, in themood into which even then he must have been thrown, his deeperfeelings towards her could hardly have been different from what theywere now.
although he had often felt that euphra was not very good,not a suspicion had crossed his mind as to what he would have calledthe purity of her nature.
like many youths, even of characterinferior to his own, he had the loftiest notions of feminine grace,and unspottedness in thought and feeling, not to say action and aim.
now he found that he had loved a woman who would creep from herchamber, at the cost of great suffering, and almost at the risk ofher life, to meet, in the night and the woods, a man no better thanan assassin -- probably a thief.
had he been more versed in the waysof women, or in the probabilities of things, he would have judgedthat the very extravagance of the action demanded a deeperexplanation than what seemed to lie on the surface.
yet, althoughhe judged euphra very hardly upon those grounds, would he havejudged her differently had he actually known all?
about this i amleft to conjecture alone.
but the effect on hugh was different from what the ordinary readerof human nature might anticipate.
instead of being torn in piecesby storms of jealousy, all the summer growths of his love werechilled by an absolute frost of death.
a kind of annihilation sankupon the image of euphra.
there had been no such euphra.
she hadbeen but a creation of his own brain.
it was not so much that heceased to love, as that the being beloved -- not died, but -- ceased toexist.
there were moments in which he seemed to love her still witha wild outcry of passion; but the frenzy soon vanished in theselfish feeling of his own loss.
his love was not a high one -- notsuch as thine, my falconer.
thine was love indeed; though its taleis too good to tell, simply because it is too good to be believed;and we do men a wrong sometimes when we tell them more than they canreceive.
thought, speculation, suggestion, crowded upon each other, till atlength his mind sank passive, and served only as the lists in whichthe antagonist thoughts fought a confused battle without herald orumpire.
but it is amazing to think how soon he began to look back upon hisformer fascination with a kind of wondering unbelief.
this bespokethe strength of hugh's ideal sense, as well as the weakness of hisactual love.
he could hardly even recall the feelings with which,on some well-remembered occasion, he had regarded her, and whichthen it had seemed impossible he should ever forget.
had hediscovered the cloven foot of a demon under those trailinggarments -- he could hardly have ceased to love her more suddenly orentirely.
but there is an aching that is worse to bear than pain.
i trust my reader will not judge very hardly of hugh, because of thechange which had thus suddenly passed upon his feelings.
he feltnow just as he had felt on waking in the morning and finding that hehad been in love with a dream-lady all the night: it had been verydelightful, and it was sad that it was all gone, and could come backno more.
but the wonder to me is, not that some loves will notstand the test of absence, but that, their nature being what it is,they should outlast one week of familiar intercourse.
he mourned bitterly over the loss of those feelings, for they hadbeen precious to him.
but could he help it?
indeed he could not;for his love had been fascination; and the fascination havingceased, the love was gone.
i believe some of my readers will not need this apology for hugh;but will rather admire the facility with which he rose above amisplaced passion, and dismissed its object.
so do not i. it cameof his having never loved.
had he really loved euphra, herself, herown self, the living woman who looked at him out of those eyes, outof that face, such pity would have blended with the love as wouldhave made it greater, and permitted no indignation to overwhelm it.
as it was, he was utterly passive and helpless in the matter.
thefault lay in the original weakness that submitted to be sofascinated; that gave in to it, notwithstanding the vagueexpostulations of his better nature, and the consciousness that hewas neglecting his duty to harry, in order to please euphra andenjoy her society.
had he persisted in doing his duty, it would atleast have kept his mind more healthy, lessened the absorption ofhis passion, and given him opportunities of reflection, and momentsof true perception as to what he was about.
but now the spell wasbroken at once, and the poor girl had lost a worshipper.
the goldenimage with the feet of clay might arise in a prophet's dream, but itcould never abide in such a lover's.
her glance was powerless now.
alas, for the withering of such a dream!
perhaps she deservednothing else; but our deserts, when we get them, are sad enoughsometimes.
all that day he walked as in a dream of loss.
as for the personwhom he had used to call euphra, she was removed to a vast distancefrom him.
an absolutely impassable gulf lay between them.
she sent for him.
he went to her filled with a sense ofinsensibility.
she was much worse, and suffering great pain.
hughsaw at once that she knew that all was over between them, and thathe had seen her pass his door, or had been in her room, for he hadleft her door a little open, and she had left it shut.
onepathetic, most pitiful glance of deprecating entreaty she fixed uponhim, as after a few moments of speechless waiting, he turned toleave the room -- which would have remained deathless in his heart,but that he interpreted it to mean: "don't tell;" so he got rid ofit at once by the grant of its supposed request.
she made no effortto detain him.
she turned her face away, and, hard-hearted, heheard her sob, not as if her heart would break -- that is little -- butlike an immortal woman in immortal agony, and he did not turn tocomfort her.
perhaps it was better -- how could he comfort her?
somekinds of comfort -- the only kinds which poor mortals sometimes haveto give -- are like the food on which the patient and the disease livetogether; and some griefs are soonest got rid of by letting themburn out.
all the fire-engines in creation can only prolong thetime, and increase the sense of burning.
there is but one cure: thefellow-feeling of the human god, which converts the agony itselfinto the creative fire of a higher life.
as for von funkelstein, hugh comforted himself with the convictionthat they were destined to meet again.
the day went on, as days will go, unstayed, unhastened by the humansouls, through which they glide silent and awful.
after suchlessons as he was able to get through with harry, -- who, feeling thathis tutor did not want him, left the room as soon as they wereover -- he threw himself on the couch, and tried to think.
but thinkhe could not.
thoughts passed through him, but he did not thinkthem.
he was powerless in regard to them.
they came and went oftheir own will: he could neither say come nor go.
tired at lengthof the couch, he got up and paced about the room for hours.
when hecame to himself a little, he found that the sun was nearly setting.
through the top of a beech-tree taller than the rest, it sent agolden light, full of the floating shadows of leaves and branches,upon the wall of his room.
but there was no beauty for him in thegoing down of the sun; no glory in the golden light; no message fromdream-land in the flitting and blending and parting, the constantlydissolving yet ever remaining play of the lovely and wonderfulshadow-leaves.
the sun sank below the beech-top, and was hiddenbehind a cloud of green leaves, thick as the wood was deep.
a greylight instead of a golden filled the room.
the change had nointerest for him.
the pain of a lost passion tormented him -- theaching that came of the falling together of the ethereal walls ofhis soul, about the space where there had been and where there wasno longer a world.
a young bird flew against the window, and fluttered its wings two orthree times, vainly seeking to overcome the unseen obstacle whichthe glass presented to its flight.
hugh started and shuddered.
then first he knew, in the influence of the signs of theapproaching darkness, how much his nerves had suffered from thechange that had passed.
he took refuge with harry.
his pupil wasnow to be his consoler; who in his turn would fare henceforth thebetter, for the decay of hugh's pleasures.
the poor boy was filledwith delight at having his big brother all to himself again; andworked harder than ever to make the best of his privileges.
forhugh, it was wonderful how soon his peace of mind began to returnafter he gave himself to his duty, and how soon the clouds ofdisappointment descended below the far horizon, leaving the airclear above and around.
painful thoughts about euphra would stillpresent themselves; but instead of becoming more gentle andsorrowful as the days went on, they grew more and more severe andunjust and angry.
he even entertained doubts whether she did notknow all about the theft of both rings, for to her only had hediscovered the secret place in the old desk.
if she was capable ofwhat he believed, why should she not be capable of anything else?
it seemed to him most simple and credible.
an impure woman mightjust as well be a thief too.
-- i am only describing hugh's feelings.
but along with these feelings and thoughts, of mingled good and bad,came one feeling which he needed more than any -- repentance.
seatedalone upon a fallen tree one day, the face of poor harry came backto him, as he saw it first, poring over polexander in the library;and, full of the joy of life himself, notwithstanding his pasttroubles, strong as a sunrise, and hopeful as a prometheus, thequivering perplexity of that sickly little face smote him with apang.
"what might i not have done for the boy!
he, too, was in thehands of the enchantress, and, instead of freeing him, i became herslave to enchain him further."
yet, even in this, he did euphrainjustice; for he had come to the conclusion that she had laid herplans with the intention of keeping the boy a dwarf, by giving himonly food for babes, and not good food either, withholding from himevery stimulus to mental digestion and consequent hunger; and thatshe had objects of her own in doing so -- one perhaps, to keep herselfnecessary to the boy as she was to the father, and so secure thefuture.
but poor euphra's own nature and true education had beensadly neglected.
a fine knowledge of music and italian, and thedevelopment of a sensuous sympathy with nature, could hardly becalled education.
it was not certainly such a development of herown nature as would enable her to sympathise with the necessities ofa boy's nature.
perhaps the worst that could justly be said of herbehaviour to harry was, that, with a strong inclination todespotism, and some feeling of loneliness, she had exercised the oneupon him in order to alleviate the other in herself.
upon him,therefore, she expended a certain, or rather an uncertain kind ofaffection, which, if it might have been more fittingly spent upon alapdog, and was worth but little, might yet have become wortheverything, had she been moderately good.
hugh did not see euphra again for more than a fortnight.
hey, and the rue grows bonny wi' thyme!
and the thyme it is withered, and rue is in prime.
refrain of an old scotch song, altered by burns.
he hath wronged me; indeed he hath; -- at a word, he hath; -- believeme; robert shallow, esquire, saith he is wronged.
merry wives of windsor.
at length, one evening, entering the drawing-room before dinner,hugh found euphra there alone.
he bowed with embarrassment, anduttered some commonplace congratulation on her recovery.
sheanswered him gently and coldly.
her whole air and appearance weresigns of acute suffering.
she did not make the slightest approachto their former familiarity, but she spoke without anyembarrassment, like one who had given herself up, and was,therefore, indifferent.
hugh could not help feeling as if she knewevery thought that was passing in his mind, and, having withdrawnherself from him, was watching him with a cold, ghostly interest.
she took his arm to go into the dining-room, and actually leanedupon it, as, indeed, she was compelled to do.
her uncle wasdelighted to see her once more.
mrs. elton addressed her withkindness, and lady emily with sweet cordiality.
she herself seemedto care for nobody and nothing.
as soon as dinner was over, shesent for her maid, and withdrew to her own room.
it was a greatrelief to hugh to feel that he was no longer in danger ofencountering her eyes.
gradually she recovered strength, though it was again some daysbefore she appeared at the dinner-table.
the distance between hughand her seemed to increase instead of diminish, till at length hescarcely dared to offer her the smallest civility, lest she shoulddespise him as a hypocrite.
the further she removed herself fromhim, the more he felt inclined to respect her.
by common consentthey avoided, as much as before, any behaviour that might attractattention; though the effort was of a very different nature now.
itwas wretched enough, no doubt, for both of them.
the time drew near for lady emily's departure.
"what are your plans for the winter, mrs.
said mr. arnold,one day.
"i intend spending the winter in london," she answered.
"then you are not going with lady emily to madeira?"
her father and one of her sisters are going with her."
"i have a great mind to spend the winter abroad myself; but thedifficulty is what to do with harry."
"could you not leave him with mr.
i do not choose to do that."
"then let him come to me.
i shall have all my little establishmentup, and there will be plenty of room for harry."
"a very kind offer.
i may possibly avail myself of it."
"i fear we could hardly accommodate his tutor, though.
but thatwill be very easily arranged.
he could sleep out of the house,could he not?"
"give yourself no trouble about that.
i wish harry to have mastersfor the various branches he will study.
it will teach him more ofmen and the world generally, and prevent his being too muchinfluenced by one style of thinking."
"but mr. sutherland is a very good tutor."
to this there could be no reply but a question; and mr. arnold'smanner not inviting one, the conversation was dropped.
euphra gradually resumed her duties in the house, as far as greatlameness would permit.
she continued to show a quiet and dignifiedreserve towards hugh.
she made no attempts to fascinate him, andnever avoided his look when it chanced to meet hers.
but althoughthere was no reproach any more than fascination in her eyes, hugh'salways fell before hers.
she walked softly like ahab, as if, nowthat hugh knew, she, too, was ever conscious.
her behaviour to mrs. elton and lady emily was likewise improved,but apparently only from an increase of indifference.
when the timecame, and they departed, she did not even appear to be muchrelieved.
once she asked hugh to help her with a passage of dante, butbetrayed no memory of the past.
his pleased haste to assist her,showed that he at least, if fancy-free, was not memory-clear.
shethanked him very gently and truly, took up her book like aschool-girl, and limped away.
hugh was smitten to the heart.
"if icould but do something for her!"
thought he; but there was nothingto be done.
although she had deserved it, somehow her behaviourmade him feel as if he had wronged her in ceasing to love her.
one day, in the end of september, mr. arnold and hugh were aloneafter breakfast.
mr. arnold spoke:"mr. sutherland, i have altered my plans with regard to harry.
iwish him to spend the winter in london."
hugh listened and waited.
mr. arnold went on, after a slight pause:"there i wish him to reap such advantages as are to be gained in themetropolis.
he has improved wonderfully under your instruction; andis now, i think, to be benefited principally by a variety ofteachers.
i therefore intend that he shall have masters for thedifferent branches which it is desirable he should study.
consequently i shall be compelled to deny him your services,valuable as they have hitherto been."
"very well, mr. arnold," said mr. sutherland, with the indifferenceof one who feels himself ill-used.
"when shall i take my leave ofhim?"
"not before the middle of the next month, at the earliest.
but iwill write you a cheque for your salary at once."
so saying, mr. arnold left the room for a moment, and returning,handed hugh a cheque for a year's salary.
hugh glanced at it, andoffering it again to mr. arnold, said:"no, mr. arnold; i can claim scarcely more than half a year'ssalary."
"mr. sutherland, your engagement was at so much a year; and if iprevent you from fulfilling your part of it, i am bound to fulfilmine.
indeed, you might claim further provision."
"you are very kind, mr.
"only just," rejoined mr. arnold, with conscious dignity.
"i amunder great obligation to you for the way in which you have devotedyourself to harry."
hugh's conscience gave him a pang.
is anything more painful thanundeserved praise?
"i have hardly done my duty by him," said he.
"i can only say that the boy is wonderfully altered for the better,and i thank you.
i am obliged to you: oblige me by putting thecheque in your pocket."
hugh persisted no longer in his refusal; and indeed it had been farmore a feeling of pride than of justice that made him declineaccepting it at first.
nor was there any generosity in mr. arnold'scheque; for hugh, as he admitted, might have claimed board andlodging as well.
but mr. arnold was one of the ordinarilyhonourable, who, with perfect characters for uprightness, alwayscontrive to err on the safe side of the purse, and the doubtful sideof a severely interpreted obligation.
such people, in so doing, notunfrequently secure for themselves, at the same time, the reputationof generosity.
hugh could not doubt that his dismissal was somehow or otherconnected with the loss of the ring; but he would not stoop toinquire into the matter.
he hoped that time would set all right;and, in fact, felt considerable indifference to the opinion of mr.arnold, or of any one in the house, except harry.
the boy burst into tears when informed of his father's decision withregard to his winter studies, and could only be consoled by the hopewhich hugh held out to him -- certainly upon a very slightfoundation -- that they might meet sometimes in london.
for thelittle time that remained, hugh devoted himself unceasingly to hispupil; not merely studying with him, but walking, riding, readingstories, and going through all sorts of exercises for thestrengthening of his person and constitution.
the best resultsfollowed both for harry and his tutor.
i have done nothing good to win belief,my life hath been so faithless; all the creaturesmade for heaven's honours, have their ends, and good ones;all but...false women...when they die, like talesill-told, and unbelieved, they pass away.
i will redeem one minute of my age,or, like another niobe, i'll weeptill i am water.
beaumont and fletcher.
-- the maid's tragedy.
the days passed quickly by; and the last evening that hugh was tospend at arnstead arrived.
he wandered out alone.
he had been withharry all day, and now he wished for a few moments of solitude.
itwas a lovely autumn evening.
he went into the woods behind thehouse.
the leaves were still thick upon the trees, but most of themhad changed to gold, and brown, and red; and the sweet faint odoursof those that had fallen, and lay thick underfoot, ascended like avoice from the grave, saying: "here dwelleth some sadness, but nodespair."
as he strolled about among them, the whole history of hispast life arose before him.
this often happens before any change inour history, and is surest to take place at the approach of thegreatest change of all, when we are about to pass into the unknown,whence we came.
in this mood, it was natural that his sins should rise before him.
they came as the shadows of his best pleasures.
for now, inlooking back, he could fix on no period of his history, around whichthe aureole, which glorifies the sacred things of the past, hadgathered in so golden a hue, as around the memory of the holycottage, the temple in which abode david, and janet, and margaret.
all the story glided past, as the necromantic will called up thesleeping dead in the mausoleum of the brain.
and that solemn,kingly, gracious old man, who had been to him a father, he hadforgotten; the homely tenderness which, from fear of its own force,concealed itself behind a humorous roughness of manner, he had -- no,not despised -- but forgotten, too; and if the dim pearly lovelinessof the trustful, grateful maiden had not been quite forgotten, yetshe too had been neglected, had died, as it were, and been buried inthe churchyard of the past, where the grass grows long over thegraves, and the moss soon begins to fill up the chiselled records.
he was ungrateful.
he dared not allow to himself that he wasunloving; but he must confess himself ungrateful.
musing sorrowfully and self-reproachfully, he came to the ghost'savenue.
up and down its aisle he walked, a fit place forremembering the past, and the sins of the present.
yielding himselfto what thoughts might arise, the strange sight he had seen here onthat moonlit night, of two silent wandering figures -- or could it bethat they were one and the same, suddenly changed in hue?
-- returnedupon him.
this vision had been so speedily followed by the secondand more alarming apparition of lady euphrasia, that he had hardlyhad time to speculate on what the former could have been.
he wasmeditating upon all these strange events, and remarking to himselfthat, since his midnight encounter with lady euphrasia, the househad been as quiet as a church-yard at noon, when all suddenly, hesaw before him, at some little distance, a dark figure approachinghim.
his heart seemed to bound into his throat and choke him, as hesaid to himself: "it is the nun again!"
but the next moment he sawthat it was euphra.
i do not know which he would have preferred notmeeting alone, and in the deepening twilight: euphra, too, hadbecome like a ghost to him.
his first impulse was to turn asideinto the wood, but she had seen him, and was evidently going toaddress him.
he therefore advanced to meet her.
she spoke first,approaching him with painful steps.
"i have been looking for you, mr. sutherland.
i wanted very much tohave a little conversation with you before you go.
will you allowme?"
hugh felt like a culprit directly.
euphra's manner was quitecollected and kind; yet through it all a consciousness showeditself, that the relation which had once existed between them hadpassed away for ever.
in her voice there was something like thetone of wind blowing through a ruin.
"i shall be most happy," said he.
she smiled sadly.
a great change had passed upon her.
"i am going to be quite open with you," she said.
"i am perfectlyaware, as well as you are, that the boyish fancy you had for me isgone.
do not be offended.
you are manly enough, but your love forme was boyish.
most first loves are childish, quite irrespective ofage.
i do not blame you in the least."
this seemed to hugh rather a strange style to assume, if all wastrue that his own eyes had reported.
she went on:"nor must you think it has cost me much to lose it."
hugh felt hurt, at which no one who understands will be surprised.
"but i cannot afford to lose you, the only friend i have," sheadded.
hugh turned towards her with a face full of manhood and truth.
"you shall not lose me, euphra, if you will be honest to yourselfand to me."
i can trust you.
i will be honest."
at that moment, without the revival of a trace of his formerfeelings, hugh felt nearer to her than he had ever felt before.
nowthere seemed to be truth between them, the only medium through whichbeings can unite.
"i fear i have wronged you much," she went on.
"i do not mean sometime ago."
here she hesitated.
-- "i fear i am the cause of yourleaving arnstead."
you must be mistaken."
"i think not.
but i am compelled to make an unwilling disclosure ofa secret -- a sad secret about myself.
do not hate me quite -- i am asomnambulist."
she hid her face in her hands, as if the night which had now closedaround them did not hide her enough.
hugh did not reply.
absorbedin the interest which both herself and her confession aroused inhim, he could only listen eagerly.
she went on, after a moment'spause:"i did not think at first that i had taken the ring.
i thoughtanother had.
but last night, and not till then, i discovered that iwas the culprit."
"that requires explanation.
i have no recollection of the events ofthe previous night when i have been walking in my sleep.
indeed,the utter absence of a sense of dreaming always makes me suspectthat i have been wandering.
but sometimes i have a vivid dream,which i know, though i can give no proof of it, to be a reproductionof some previous somnambulic experience.
do not ask me to recallthe horrors i dreamed last night.
i am sure i took the ring."
"then you dreamed what you did with it?"
"yes, i gave it to --"here her voice sank and ceased.
hugh would not urge her.
"have you mentioned this to mr.
i do not think it would do any good.
but i will, if you wishit," she added submissively.
"not at all.
just as you think best."
"i could not tell him everything.
i cannot tell you everything.
ifi did, mr. arnold would turn me out of the house.
i am a veryunhappy girl, mr.
from the tone of these words, hugh could not for a moment supposethat euphra had any remaining design of fascination in them.
"perhaps he might want to keep you, if i told him all; but i do notthink, after the way he has behaved to you, that you could stay withhim, for he would never apologize.
it is very selfish of me; butindeed i have not the courage to confess to him."
"i assure you nothing could make me remain now.
but what can i dofor you?"
"only let me depend upon you, in case i should need your help; or --"here euphra stopped suddenly, and caught hold of hugh's left hand,which he had lifted to brush an insect from his face.
"where is your ring?"
she said, in a tone of suppressed anxiety.
my father's ring!
it was lying beside ladyeuphrasia's."
euphra's face was again hidden in her hands.
she sobbed and moanedlike one in despair.
when she grew a little calmer, she said:"i am sure i did not take your ring, dear hugh -- i am not a thief.
ihad a kind of right to the other, and he said it ought to have beenhis, for his real name was count von halkar -- the same name as ladyeuphrasia's before she was married.
he took it, i am sure."
"it was he that knocked me down in the dark that night then,euphra."
i shall have to tell you all.
-- that wretch has aterrible power over me.
i loved him once.
but i refused to takethe ring from your desk, because i knew it would get you intotrouble.
he threw me into a somnambulic sleep, and sent me for thering.
but i should have remembered if i had taken yours.
even inmy sleep, i don't think he could have made me do that.
you may knowi speak the truth, when i am telling my own disgrace.
he promisedto set me free if i would get the ring; but he has not done it; andhe will not."
sobs again interrupted her.
"i was afraid your ring was gone.
i don't know why i thought so,except that you hadn't it on, when you came to see me.
or perhapsit was because i am sometimes forced to think what that wretch isthinking.
he made me go to him that night you saw me, hugh.
but iwas so ill, i don't think i should have been able, but that i couldnot rest till i had asked him about your ring.
he said he knewnothing about it."
"i am sure be has it," said hugh.
and he related to euphra thestruggle he had had with funkelstein and its result.
"i have been a devil to you, hugh; i have betrayed you to him.
youwill never see your ring again.
here, take mine.
it is not so goodas yours, but for the sake of the old way you thought of me, takeit."
"no, no, euphra; mr. arnold would miss it.
besides, you know itwould not be my father's ring, and it was not for the value of thediamond i cared most about it.
and i am not sure that i shall notfind it again.
i am going up to london, where i shall fall in withhim, i hope."
"but do take care of yourself.
he has no conscience.
god knows, ihave had little, but he has none."
"i know he has none; but a conscience is not a bad auxiliary, andthere i shall have some advantage of him.
but what could he wantthat ring of lady euphrasia's for?"
"i don't know.
he never told me."
"it was not worth much."
"next to nothing."
"i shall be surer to find that than my own.
and i will find it, ifi can, that mr. arnold may believe i was not to blame."
but be careful."
i will be careful."
she held out her hand, as if to take leave of him, but withdrew itagain with the sudden cry:"what shall i do?
i thought he had left me to myself, till thatnight in the library."
she held down her head in silence.
then she said, slowly, in a toneof agony:"i am a slave, body and soul.
she added, passionately, andlooking up in his face, "do you think there is a god?"
her eyes glimmered with the faint reflex from gathered tears, thatsilently overflowed.
and now hugh's own poverty struck him with grief and humiliation.
here was a soul seeking god, and he had no right to say that therewas a god, for he knew nothing about him.
he had been told so; butwhat could that far-off witness do for the need of a desolate heart?
she had been told so a million of times.
he could not say that heknew it.
that was what she wanted and needed.
he was honest, and so replied:"i do not know.
i hope so."
he felt that she was already beyond him; for she had begun to cryinto the vague, seemingly heartless void, and say:"is there a god somewhere to hear me when i cry?"
and with all the teaching he had had, he had no word of comfort togive.
yes, he had: he had known david elginbrod.
before he had shaped his thought, she said:"i think, if there were a god, he would help me; for i am nothingbut a poor slave now.
i have hardly a will of my own."
the sigh she heaved told of a hopeless oppression.
"the best man, and the wisest, and the noblest i ever knew," saidhugh, "believed in god with his whole heart and soul and strengthand mind.
in fact, he cared for nothing but god; or rather, hecared for everything because it belonged to god.
he was never afraidof anything, never vexed at anything, never troubled about anything.
he was a good man."
hugh was surprised at the light which broke upon the character ofdavid, as he held it before his mind's eye, in order to describe itto euphra.
he seemed never to have understood him before.
i wish i knew him.
i would go to that man, and ask him tosave me.
where does he live?"
i do not know whether he is alive or dead -- the more to myshame.
but he lives, if he lives, far away in the north ofscotland."
i could not go there.
i will write to him."
hugh could not discourage her, though he doubted whether a realcommunication could be established between them.
"i will write down his address for you, when i go in," said he.
"butwhat can he save you from?"
"from no god," she answered, solemnly.
"if there is no god, then iam sure that there is a devil, and that he has got me in his power."
hugh felt her shudder, for she was leaning on his arm, she wasstill so lame.
if i had a god, he would right me, i know."
hugh could not reply.
a pause followed.
i feel pretty sure we shall meet again.
mypresentiments are generally true," said euphra, at length.
hugh kissed her hand with far more real devotion than he had everkissed it with before.
she left him, and hastened to the house 'with feeble speed.'
he wassorry she was gone.
he walked up and down for some time, meditatingon the strange girl and her strange words; till, hearing the dinnerbell, he too must hasten in to dress.
euphra met him at the dinner-table without any change of her latemanner.
mr. arnold wished him good night more kindly than usual.
when he went up to his room, he found that harry had already criedhimself to sleep.
i fancy deemed fit guide to lead my way,     and as i deemed i did pursue her track;  wit lost his aim, and will was fancy's prey;     the rebel won, the ruler went to wrack.
but now sith fancy did with folly end,wit, bought with loss -- will, taught by wit, will mend.
after dinner, hugh wandered over the well-known places, to bid themgood-bye.
then he went up to his room, and, with the vanity of ayoung author, took his poems out of the fatal old desk; wrote: "takethem, please, such as they are.
let me be your friend;" inclosedthem with the writing, and addressed them to euphra.
by the time hesaw them again, they were so much waste paper in his eyes.
but what were his plans for the future?
first of all, he would go to london.
there he would do many things.
he would try to find funkelstein.
he would write.
he would makeacquaintance with london life; for had he not plenty of money in hispocket?
and who could live more thriftily than he?
-- during his lastsession at aberdeen, he had given some private lessons, and socontrived to eke out his small means.
these were wretchedly paidfor, namely, not quite at the rate of sevenpence-halfpenny a lesson!
but still that was something, where more could not be had.
-- now hewould try to do the same in london, where he would be much betterpaid.
or perhaps he might get a situation in a school for a shorttime, if he were driven to ultimate necessity.
at all events, hewould see london, and look about him for a little while, before hesettled to anything definite.
with this hopeful prospect before him, he next morning bade adieu toarnstead.
i will not describe the parting with poor harry.
the boyseemed ready to break his heart, and hugh himself had enough to doto refrain from tears.
one of the grooms drove him to the railwayin the dog-cart.
as they came near the station, hugh gave himhalf-a-crown.
enlivened by the gift, the man began to talk.
"he's a rum customer, that ere gemman with the foring name.
thecolour of his puss i couldn't swear to now.
never saw sixpence o'his'n.
my opinion is, master had better look arter his spoons.
andfor missus -- well, it's a pity!
he's a rum un, as i say, anyhow."
the man here nodded several times, half compassionately, halfimportantly.
hugh did not choose to inquire what he meant.
they reached thestation, and in a few minutes he was shooting along towards london,that social vortex, which draws everything towards its centraltumult.
but there is a central repose beyond the motions of the world; andthrough the turmoil of london, hugh was journeying towards that widestillness -- that silence of the soul, which is not desolate, but richwith unutterable harmonies.
end of the second book.
art thou poor, yet hast thou golden slumbers?
oh, sweet content!
art thou rich, yet is thy mind perplexed?
dost thou laugh to see how fools are vexedto add to golden numbers, golden numbers?
oh, sweet content!
work apace, apace, apace, apace;honest labour bears a lovely face.
probably thomas dekker.
-- comedy of patient grissell.
sing heigh ho!
unto the green holly:most friendship is feigning, most loving mere folly:     then, heigh ho!
this life is most jolly.
song in as you like it.
hugh felt rather dreary as, through bermondsey, he drew nigh to thelondon bridge station.
fog, and drizzle, and smoke, and stenchcomposed the atmosphere.
he got out in a drift of human atoms.
leaving his luggage at the office, he set out on foot toexplore -- in fact, to go and look for his future, which, even when hemet it, he would not be able to recognise with any certainty.
thefirst form in which he was interested to find it embodied, was thatof lodgings; but where even to look, he did not know.
he had beenin london for a few days in the spring on his way to arnstead, so hewas not utterly ignorant of the anatomy of the monster city; but hislittle knowledge could not be of much service to him now.
and howdifferent it was from the london of spring, which had lingered inhis memory and imagination; when, transformed by the "heavenlyalchemy" of the piercing sunbeams that slanted across the streetsfrom chimney-tops to opposite basements, the dust and smoke showedgreat inclined planes of light, up whose steep slopes one longed toclimb to the fountain glory whence they flowed!
now the streets,from garret to cellar, seemed like huge kennels of muddy, moist,filthy air, down through which settled the heavier particles ofsmoke and rain upon the miserable human beings who crawled below inthe deposit, like shrimps in the tide, or whitebait at the bottom ofthe muddy thames.
he had to wade through deep thin mud even on thepavements.
everybody looked depressed, and hurried by with a cowedlook; as if conscious that the rain and general misery were a plaguedrawn down on the city by his own individual crime.
nobody seemedto care for anybody or anything.
thought hugh; "whata place this must be for one without money!"
it looked like a chaosof human nomads.
and yet, in reality, the whole mass was so boundtogether, interwoven, and matted, by the crossing and inter-twistingthreads of interest, mutual help, and relationship of every kind,that hugh soon found how hard it was to get within the mass at all,so as to be in any degree partaker of the benefits it shared withinitself.
he did not wish to get lodgings in the outskirts, for he thoughtthat would remove him from every centre of action or employment.
but he saw no lodgings anywhere.
growing tired and hungry, he wentat length into an eating-house, which he thought looked cheap; andproceeded to dine upon a cinder, which had been a steak.
he triedto delude himself into the idea that it was a steak still, bywithdrawing his attention from it, and fixing it upon a newspapertwo days old.
finding nothing of interest, he dallied with theadvertisements.
he soon came upon a column from which singlegentlemen appeared to be in request as lodgers.
looking over theseadvertisements, which had more interest for him at the moment thanall home and foreign news, battles and murders included, he drew amap from his pocket, and began to try to find out some of thelocalities indicated.
most of them were in or towards the suburbs.
at last he spied one in a certain square, which, after long anddiligent search, and with the assistance of the girl who waited onhim, he found on his map.
it was in the neighbourhood of holborn,and, from the place it occupied in the map, seemed central enoughfor his vague purposes.
above all, the terms were said to bemoderate.
but no description of the character of the lodgings wasgiven, else hugh would not have ventured to look at them.
what hewanted was something of the same sort as he had had in aberdeen -- asingle room, or a room and bed-room, for which he should have to payonly a few shillings a week.
refreshed by his dinner, wretched as it was, he set out again.
tohis great joy, the rain was over, and an afternoon sun was trying,with some slight measure of success, to pierce the clouds of thelondon atmosphere: it had already succeeded with the clouds of theterrene.
he soon found his way into holborn, and thence into thesquare in question.
it looked to him very attractive; for it wasquietness itself, and had no thoroughfare, except across one of itscorners.
true, it was invaded by the universal roar -- for what placein london is not?
-- but it contributed little or nothing of its ownmanufacture to the general production of sound in the metropolis.
the centre was occupied by grass and trees, inclosed within an ironrailing.
all the leaves were withered, and many had dropped alreadyon the pavement below.
in the middle stood the statue of a queen,of days gone by.
the tide of fashion had rolled away far to thewest, and yielded a free passage to the inroads of commerce, and ofthe general struggle for ignoble existence, upon this once favouredisland in its fluctuating waters.
old windows, flush with theexternal walls, whence had glanced fair eyes to which fashion waseven dearer than beauty, now displayed lodgings to let betweenknitted curtains, from which all idea of drapery had been expelledby severe starching.
amongst these he soon found the house he sought,and shrunk from its important size and bright equipments; but,summoning courage, thought it better to ring the bell.
a witheredold lady, in just the same stage of decay as the square, and adornedafter the same fashion as the house, came to the door, cast adoubtful look at hugh, and when he had stated his object, asked him,in a hard, keen, unmodulated voice, to walk in.
he followed her,and found himself in a dining-room, which to him, judging by hispurse, and not by what he had been used to of late, seemedsumptuous.
he said at once:"it is needless for me to trouble you further.
i see your roomswill not suit me."
the old lady looked annoyed.
"will you see the drawing-room apartments, then?"
"no, thank you.
it would be giving you quite unnecessary trouble."
"my apartments have always given satisfaction, i assure you, sir."
"indeed, i have no reason to doubt it.
i wish i could afford totake them," said hugh, thinking it better to be open than to hurther feelings.
"i am sure i should be very comfortable.
but apoor -- "he did not know what to call himself.
said the landlady.
then, after a pause -- "well?"
"well, i was a tutor last, but i don't know what i may be next."
she kept looking at him.
once or twice she looked at him from headto foot.
"you are respectable?"
"i hope so," said hugh, laughing.
-- this time not interrogatively.
"how many rooms would you like?"
"the fewer the better.
half a one, if there were nobody in theother half."
--and you wouldn't give much trouble, i daresay."
"only for coals and water to wash and drink."
"and you wouldn't dine at home?"
"no -- nor anywhere else," said hugh; but the second and larger clausewas sotto voce.
"and you wouldn't smoke in-doors?"
"and you would wipe your boots clean before you went up-stairs?"
hugh was beginning to be exceedingly amused, buthe kept his gravity wonderfully.
"have you any money?"
"yes; plenty for the meantime.
but when i shall get more, i don'tknow, you see."
"well, i've a room at the top of the house, which i'll makecomfortable for you; and you may stay as long as you like to behaveyourself."
"but what is the rent?"
"four shillings a week -- to you.
would you like to see it?"
"yes, if you please."
she conducted him up to the third floor, and showed him a good-sizedroom, rather bare, but clean.
"this will do delightfully," said hugh.
"i will make it a little more comfortable for you, you know."
"thank you very much.
shall i pay you a month in advance?"
"no, no," she answered, with a grim smile.
"i might want to get ridof you, you know.
it must be a week's warning, no more."
i have no objection.
i will go and fetch my luggage.
i suppose i may come in at once?"
"the sooner the better, young man, in a place like london.
thesooner you come home the better pleased i shall be.
so saying, she walked solemnly down-stairs before him, and let himout.
hugh hurried away to fetch his luggage, delighted that he hadso soon succeeded in finding just what he wanted.
as he went, hespeculated on the nature of his landlady, trying to account for herodd rough manner, and the real kindness of her rude words.
he cameto the conclusion that she was naturally kind to profusion, and thatthis kindness had, some time or other, perhaps repeatedly, beentaken shameful advantage of; that at last she had come to theresolution to defend herself by means of a general misanthropy, andsupposed that she had succeeded, when she had got no further than tohave so often imitated the tone of her own behaviour when at itscrossest, as to have made it habitual by repetition.
in all probability some unknown sympathy had drawn her to hugh.
shemight have had a son about his age, who had run away thirty yearsago.
or rather, for she seemed an old maid, she had been jiltedsome time by a youth about the same size as hugh; and therefore sheloved him the moment she saw him.
or, in short, a thousand things.
certainly seldom have lodgings been let so oddly or so cheaply.
but some impulse or other of the whimsical old human heart, whichwill have its way, was satisfied therein.
when he returned in a couple of hours, with his boxes on the top ofa cab, the door was opened, before he knocked, by a tidy maid, who,without being the least like her mistress, yet resembled herexcessively.
she helped him to carry his boxes up-stairs; and whenhe reached his room, he found a fire burning cheerily, a muffin downbefore it, a tea-kettle singing on the hob, and the tea-tray setupon a nice white cloth on a table right in front of the fire, withan old-fashioned high-backed easy-chair by its side -- the very chairto go to sleep in over a novel.
the old lady soon made herappearance, with the teapot in one hand, and a plate of butter inthe other.
thank you," said hugh.
"this is comfortable!"
she answered only by compressing her lips till her mouth vanishedaltogether, and nodding her head as much as to say: "i know it is.
i intended it should be."
she then poured water into the teapot,set it down by the fire, and vanished.
hugh sat down in the easy-chair, and resolved to be comfortable, atleast till he had had his tea; after which he would think what hewas to do next.
a knock at the door -- and his landlady entered, laida penny newspaper on the table, and went away.
this was just whathe wanted to complete his comfort.
he took it up, and read while heconsumed his bread and butter.
when he had had enough of tea andnewspaper, he said to himself:"now, what am i to do next?"
it is a happy thing for us that this is really all we have toconcern ourselves about -- what to do next.
no man can do the secondthing.
he can do the first.
if he omits it, the wheels of thesocial juggernaut roll over him, and leave him more or less crushedbehind.
if he does it, he keeps in front, and finds room to do thenext again; and so he is sure to arrive at something, for the onwardmarch will carry him with it.
there is no saying to what perfectionof success a man may come, who begins with what he can do, and usesthe means at his hand.
he makes a vortex of action, however slight,towards which all the means instantly begin to gravitate.
let a manbut lay hold of something -- anything, and he is in the high road tosuccess -- though it may be very long before he can walk comfortablyin it.
-- it is true the success may be measured out according to astandard very different from his.
but in hugh's case, the difficulty was to grasp anything -- to make abeginning anywhere.
he knew nobody; and the globe of society seemedlike a mass of adamant, on which he could not gain the slightesthold, or make the slightest impression.
who would introduce him topupils?
he had the testimonials of his professors; but whowould ask to see them?
-- his eye fell on the paper.
nothing but drought and dearth, but bush and brake,  which way soe'er i look, i see.
some may dream merrily, but when they wake,  they dress themselves, and come to thee.
he got his writing materials, and wrote to the effect, that agraduate of a scotch university was prepared to give private lessonsin the classics and mathematics, or even in any of the inferiorbranches of education, &c., &c.  this he would take to the timesnext day.
as soon as he had done this, duty lifted up her head, and calledhim.
he obeyed, and wrote to his mother.
duty called again; and hewrote, though with much trepidation and humiliation, to davidelginbrod.
it was a good beginning.
he had commenced his london life in doingwhat he knew he ought to do.
his trepidation in writing to david,arose in part, it must be confessed, from the strange result of oneof the experiments at arnstead.
this was his letter.
but he sat and meditated a long time before hebegan it.
"my dear friend, -- if i did not think you would forgive me, i shouldfeel, now that i have once allowed my mind to rest upon my conductto you, as if i could never hold up my head again.
after muchoccupation of thought and feeling with other things, a season ofsilence has come, and my sins look me in the face.
first of themall is my neglect of you, to whom i owe more than to any man else,except, perhaps, my father.
forgive me, for forgiveness' sake.
youknow it takes a long time for a child to know its mother.
it takeseverything as a matter of course, till suddenly one day it lifts upits eyes, and knows that a face is looking at it.
i have been likethe child towards you; but i am beginning to feel what you have beento me.
i want to be good.
i am very lonely now in great noisylondon.
write to me, if you please, and comfort me.
i wish i wereas good as you.
then everything would go right with me.
do notsuppose that i am in great trouble of any kind.
as yet i am verycomfortable, as far as external circumstances go.
but i have a kindof aching inside me.
something is not right, and i want your help.
you will know what i mean.
what am i to do?
please to remember mein the kindest, most grateful manner to mrs. elginbrod and margaret.
it is more than i deserve, but i hope they have not forgotten me asi have seemed to forget them.
"i am, my dear mr. elginbrod,"your old friend,"hugh sutherland."
i may as well insert here another letter, which arrived atturriepuffit, likewise addressed to david, some six weeks after theforegoing.
they were both taken to janet, of course:"sir, -- i have heard from one who knows you, that you believe -- reallybelieve in god.
that is why i write to you.
it may seem verystrange in me to do so, but how can i help it?
i am a very unhappywoman, for i am in the power of a bad man.
i cannot explain it allto you, and i will not attempt it; for sometimes i almost think i amout of my mind, and that it is all a delusion.
delusionor not, it is a dreadful reality to me in all its consequences.
itis of such a nature that no one can help me -- but god, if there be agod; and if you can make me believe that there is a god, i shall notneed to be persuaded that he will help me; for i will besiege himwith prayers night and day to set me free.
and even if i am out ofmy mind, who can help me but him?
is it not when we are drivento despair, when there is no more help anywhere, that we look aroundfor some power of good that can put right all that is wrong?
tellme, dear sir, what to do.
tell me that there certainly is a god;else i shall die raving.
he said you knew about him better thananybody else.
"i am, honoured sir,"your obedient servant,"euphrasia cameron.
"arnstead, surrey, &c., &c."david's answer to this letter, would have been something worthhaving.
but i think it would have been all summed up in one word:try and see: call and listen.
but what could janet do with such letters?
she did the only thingshe could: she sent them to margaret.
hugh found it no great hardship to go to bed in the same room inwhich he sat.
the bed looked peculiarly inviting; for, strange totell, it was actually hung with the same pattern of old-fashionedchintz, as the bed which had been his from his earliestrecollection, till he left his father's house.
how could he mistakethe trees, growing with tufts to the ground, or the great birdswhich he used to think were crows, notwithstanding their red andyellow plumage?
it was all over red, brown, and yellow.
he couldremember, and reconstruct the very faces, distorted and awful,which, in the delirium of childish sicknesses, he used to discoverin the foliage and stems of the trees.
it made the whole place seemto him homely and kind.
when he got tired, he knelt by his bedside,which he had not done for a long time, and then went to bed.
it was very pleasant to see the dying fire, and hisbooks about and his papers; and to dream, half-asleep andhalf-awake, that the house-fairies were stealing out to gambol for alittle in the fire-lighted silence of the room as he slept, and tovanish as the embers turned black.
he had not been so happy for along time as now.
the writing of that letter had removed a loadfrom his heart.
true, we can never be at peace till we haveperformed the highest duty of all -- till we have arisen, and gone toour father; but the performance of smaller duties, yes, even of thesmallest, will do more to give us temporary repose, will act more ashealthful anodynes, than the greatest joys that can come to us fromany other quarter.
he soon fell asleep, and dreamed that he was alittle child lost in a snow-storm; and that just as the snow hadreached above his head, and he was beginning to be smothered, agreat hand caught hold of him by the arm and lifted him out; and,lo!
the storm had ceased, and the stars were sparkling overhead likediamonds that had been drinking the light of the sun all day; and hesaw that it was david, as strong as ever, who had rescued him, thelittle child, and was leading him home to janet.
but he got sleepyand faint upon the way, which was long and cold; and then davidlifted him up and carried him in his bosom, and he fell asleep.
when he woke, and, opening his eyes, looked up to him who bore him,it was david no longer.
the face was that which was marred morethan any man's, because the soul within had loved more; it was theface of the son of man, and he was carrying him like a lamb in hisbosom.
he gazed more and more as they travelled through the coldnight; and the joy of lying in the embrace of that man, grew andgrew, till it became too strong for the bonds of sleep; and he awokein the fog of a london morning.
and, even should misfortunes come,-- i, here wha sit, hae met wi' some,  an's thankfu' for them yet.
they gie the wit of age to youth;  they let us ken oursel';they mak' us see the naked truth,  the real guid and ill.     tho' losses, and crosses,       be lessons right severe,     there's wit there, ye'll get there,     ye'll find nae other where.
hugh took his advertisement to the times office, and paid whatseemed to him an awful amount for its insertion.
then he wanderedabout london till the middle of the day, when he went into a baker'sshop, and bought two penny loaves, which he put in his pocket.
having found his way to the british museum, he devoured them at hisleisure as he walked through the grecian and roman saloons.
"what isthe use of good health," he said to himself, "if a man cannot liveupon bread?"
porridge and oatmeal cakes would have pleased him aswell; but that food for horses is not so easily procured in london,and costs more than the other.
a cousin of his had lived inedinburgh for six months upon eighteen-pence a week in that way, andhad slept the greater part of the time upon the floor, traininghimself for the hardships of a soldier's life.
and he could notforget the college youth whom his comrades had considered mean, tillthey learned that, out of his poor bursary of fourteen pounds asession, and what he could make besides by private teaching at therate previously mentioned or even less, he helped his parents toeducate a younger brother; and, in order to do so, lived himselfupon oatmeal and potatoes.
but they did not find this out tillafter he was dead, poor fellow!
he could not stand it.
i ought at the same time to mention, that hugh rarely made use of acrossing on a muddy day, without finding a half-penny somewhereabout him for the sweeper.
he would rather walk through oceans ofmud, than cross at the natural place when he had nocoppers -- especially if he had patent leather boots on.
after he had eaten his bread, he went home to get some water.
then,as he had nothing else to do, he sat down in his room, and began tomanufacture a story, thinking it just possible it might be acceptedby one or other of the pseudo-literary publications with whichlondon is inundated in hebdomadal floods.
he found spinning almostas easy as if he had been a spider, for he had a ready invention,and a natural gift of speech; so that, in a few days, he hadfinished a story, quite as good as most of those that appear in thebetter sort of weekly publications.
this, in his modesty, he sentto one of the inferior sort, and heard nothing more of it than if hehad flung it into the sea.
possibly he flew too low.
he triedagain, but with no better success.
his ambition grew with hisdisappointments, or perhaps rather with the exercise of hisfaculties.
before many days had passed he made up his mind to try anovel.
for three months he worked at this six hours a dayregularly.
when material failed him, from the exhaustion consequentupon uninterrupted production, he would recreate himself by lyingfallow for an hour or two, or walking out in a mood for merelypassive observation.
but this anticipates.
his advertisement did not produce a single inquiry, and he shrunkfrom spending more money in such an apparently unprofitableappliance.
day after day went by, and no voice reached him from theunknown world of labour.
he went at last to several stationers'shops in the neighbourhood, bought some necessary articles, and tookthese opportunities of asking if they knew of any one in want ofsuch assistance as he could give.
but unpleasant as he felt it tomake such inquiries, he soon found that to most people it wasequally unpleasant to reply to them.
there seemed to be somethingdisreputable in having to answer such questions, to judge from theconstrained, indifferent, and sometimes, though not often, surlyanswers which he received.
"can it be," thought hugh, "asdisgraceful to ask for work as to ask for bread?"
if he had had athousand a year, and had wanted a situation of another thousand, itwould have been quite commendable; but to try to elude cold andhunger by inquiring after paltry shillings' worths of hard labour,was despicable.
so he placed the more hope upon his novel, and worked at thatdiligently.
but he did not find it quite so easy as he had at firstexpected.
no one finds anything either so easy or so difficult as,in opposite moods, he had expected to find it.
everything ispossible; but without labour and failure nothing is achievable.
thelabour, however, comes naturally, and experience grows withoutagonizing transitions; while the failure generally points, in itsdetected cause, to the way of future success.
he worked on.
he did not, however, forget the ring.
frequent were hismeditations, in the pauses of his story, and when walking in thestreets, as to the best means of recovering it.
i should rather sayany means than best; for it was not yet a question of choice anddegrees.
the count could not but have known that the ring was of nomoney value; therefore it was not likely that he had stolen it inorder to part with it again.
consequently it would be of no use toadvertise it, or to search for it in the pawnbrokers' or second-handjewellers' shops.
to find the crystal, it was clear as itself thathe must first find the count.
-- he could think of no plan.
any alarm would place thecount on the defensive, and the jewel at once beyond reach.
besides, he wished to keep the whole matter quiet, and gain hisobject without his or any other name coming before the public.
therefore he would not venture to apply to the police, thoughdoubtless they would be able to discover the man, if he wereanywhere in london.
he surmised that in all probability they knewhim already.
but he could not come to any conclusion as to theobject he must have had in view in securing such a trifle.
hugh had all but forgotten the count's cheque for a hundred guineas;for, in the first place, he had never intended presenting it -- therepugnance which some minds feel to using money which they haveneither received by gift nor acquired by honest earning, being atleast equal to the pleasure other minds feel in gaining it withoutthe expense of either labour or obligation; and in the second place,since he knew more about the drawer, he had felt sure that it wouldbe of no use to present it.
to make this latter conviction acertainty, he did present it, and found that there were no effects.
is your wife then departed?
she's an old dweller in those high countries, yet notfrom me: here, she's here; a good couple are seldom parted.
what wonderful things letters are!
in trembling and hope thefingers unclasp, and the folded sheet drops into -- no, not thepost-office letter-box -- but into space.
i have read a story somewhere of a poor child that dropped a letterinto the post-office, addressed to jesus christ in heaven.
and itreached him, and the child had her answer.
for was it not christpresent in the good man or woman -- i forget the particulars of thestory -- who sent the child the help she needed?
there was nonecessity for him to answer in person, as in the case of abgarus,king of edessa.
out of space from somewhere comes the answer.
such letters as thosegiven in a previous chapter, are each a spirit-cry sent out, like anoah's dove, into the abyss; and the spirit turns its ear, where itsmouth had been turned before, and leans listening for thespirit-echo -- the echo with a soul in it -- the answering voice whichout of the abyss will enter by the gate now turned to receive it.
whose will be the voice?
what will be the sense?
what chords onthe harp of life have been struck afar off by the arrow-words of theletter?
what tones will they send back to the longing, hungeringear?
the mouth hath spoken, that the fainting ear may be filled bythe return of its words through the alembic of another soul.
one cause of great uneasiness to hugh was, that, for some time aftera reply might have been expected, he received no answer from davidelginbrod.
at length, however, a letter arrived, upon thehand-writing of which he speculated in vain, perplexed with aresemblance in it to some writing that he knew; and when he openedit, he found the following answer to his own:"dear mr. sutherland, -- your letter to my father has been sent to meby my mother, for what you will feel to be the sad reason, that heis no more in this world.
but i cannot say it is so very sad to meto think that he is gone home, where my mother and i will soon joinhim.
true love can wait well.
nor indeed, dear mr. sutherland,must you be too much troubled that your letter never reached him.
my father was like god in this, that he always forgave anything themoment there was anything to forgive; for when else could there besuch a good time?
-- although, of course, the person forgiven couldnot know it till he asked for forgiveness.
but, dear mr.sutherland, if you could see me smiling as i write, and could yetsee how earnest my heart is in writing it, i would venture to saythat, in virtue of my knowing my father as i do -- for i am sure iknow his very soul, as near as human love could know it -- i forgiveyou, in his name, for anything and everything with which youreproach yourself in regard to him.
how much i owe you!
andhow much he used to say he owed you!
we shall thank you one day,when we all meet.
"i am, dear mr. sutherland,"your grateful scholar,"margaret elginbrod."
hugh burst into tears on reading this letter, -- with no overpoweringsense of his own sin, for he felt that he was forgiven; but with asudden insight into the beauty and grandeur of the man whom he hadneglected, and the wondrous loveliness which he had transmitted fromthe feminine part of his nature to the wholly feminine and thereforedelicately powerful nature of margaret.
the vision he had beheld inthe library at arnstead, about which, as well as about many otherthings that had happened to him there, he could form no theorycapable of embracing all the facts -- this vision returned to hismind's eye, and he felt that the glorified face he had beheld mustsurely have been margaret's, whether he had seen it in the body orout of the body: such a face alone seemed to him worthy of thewriter of this letter.
purposely or not, there was no address givenin it; and to his surprise, when he examined the envelope with theutmost care, he could discover no postmark but the london one.
thedate-stamp likewise showed that it must have been posted in london.
"so," said he to himself, "in my quest of a devil, i may cross thetrack of an angel, who knows?
but how can she be here?"
to this of course he had no answer at hand.
since a man is bound no farther to himself than to do wisely, chanceis only to trouble them that stand upon chance -- sir philipsidney.
-- the arcadia.
meantime a feeble star, but sparkling some rays of comfort, began toshine upon hugh's wintry prospects.
the star arose in a grocer'sshop.
for one day his landlady, whose grim attentions had beenincreasing rather than diminishing, addressed him suddenly as shewas removing his breakfast apparatus.
this was a very extraordinaryevent, for she seldom addressed him it all; and replied, when headdressed her, only in the briefest manner possible.
"have you got any pupils yet, mr.
"no -- i am sorry to say.
but how did you come to know i wanted any,miss talbot?"
"you shouldn't have secrets at home, mr. sutherland.
i like to knowwhat concerns my own family, and i generally find out."
"you saw my advertisement, perhaps?"
to this suggestion miss talbot made no other answer than the usualcompression of her lips.
"you wouldn't be above teaching a tradesman's son to begin with?"
i should be very happy.
do you know of such apupil?"
"well, i can't exactly say i do know or i don't know; but i happenedto mention to my grocer round the corner that you wanted pupils.
don't suppose, mr. sutherland, that i'm in the way of talking aboutany young men of mine; but it -- ""not for a moment," interrupted hugh; and miss talbot resumed,evidently gratified.
"well, if you wouldn't mind stepping round the corner, i shouldn'twonder if you might make an arrangement with mr. appleditch.
hesaid you might call upon him if you liked."
hugh jumped up, and got his hat at once; received the few necessarydirections from miss talbot, and soon found the shop.
there were agood many poor people in it, buying sugar, and soap, &c.; and onelady apparently giving a large order.
a young man came to hugh, andbent over the counter in a recipient position, like a live point ofinterrogation.
hugh answered --"mr.
"mr. appleditch will be disengaged in a few minutes.
will you takea seat?"
the grocer was occupied with the lady and her order; but as soon asshe departed, he approached hugh behind the rampart, and stoodtowards him in the usual retail attitude.
"my name is sutherland."
said mr. appleditch; "i think i've 'eard the namesomewheres, but i don't know the face."
"miss talbot mentioned me to you, i understand, mr.
i beg your pardon.
will you step this way,mr.
hugh followed him through a sort of draw-bridge which he lifted inthe counter, into a little appendix at the back of the shop.
mr.appleditch was a meek-looking man, with large eyes, plump pastycheeks, and a thin little person.
"'ow de do, mr.
said he, holding out his hand, as soonas they had reached this retreat.
"thank you -- quite well;" answered sutherland, shaking hands with himas well as he could, the contact not being altogether pleasant.
"so you want pupils, do you, sir?"
well you see, sir, pupils is scarce at this season.
they ain'tto be bought in every shop -- ha!
(the laugh was very mild.)
"buti think mrs. appleditch could find you one, if you could agree withher about the charge, you know, and all that."
"how old is he?
a boy, i suppose?"
"well, you're right, sir.
it is a boy.
not very old, though.
mysamuel is just ten, but a wonderful forward boy for his years -- blesshim!"
"and what would you wish him to learn?"
latin and greek, and all that.
we intend bringing him up forthe ministry.
-- i hope your opinions are decided, sir?"
"on some points, they are.
but i do not know to what you refer,exactly."
"i mean theological opinions, sir."
"but i shall not have to teach your little boy theology."
"certainly not, sir.
that department belongs to his mother and i.unworthy vessels, sir; mere earthen vessels; but filled with thegrace of god, i hope, sir."
the grocer parted his hands, which he had been rubbing togetherduring this conversation, and lifted them upwards from the wrists,like the fins of a seal; then, dropping them, fell to rubbing themagain.
"i hope so.
well -- you know the best way will be for me -- not knowingyour opinions -- to avoid everything of a religious kind."
but it should be line upon line, you know; here a little, andthere a little, sir.
as the bow is bent, you know -- the -- hoop ismade, you know, sir."
here mr. appleditch stepped to the door suddenly, and peeped out, asif he feared he was wanted; but presently returning, he continued:"but time's a precious gift, sir, and we must not waste it.
so, ifyou'll do us the honour, sir, to dine with us next lord's day -- wemay call it a work of necessity, you know -- you will see the littlesamuel, and -- and -- mrs.
"i shall be very happy.
what is your address, mr.
"you had better come to salem chapel, dervish town, and we can gohome together.
service commences at eleven.
mrs. appleditch willbe glad to see you.
ask for mr. appleditch's pew.
hugh took his leave, half inclined to send an excuse before the dayarrived, and decline the connection.
but his principle was, to takewhatever offered, and thus make way for the next thing.
besides, hethus avoided the responsibility of choice, from which he alwaysshrunk.
he returned to his novel; but, alas!
the inventive facultypoint-blank refused to work under the weight of such a sunday inprospect.
he wandered out, quite dispirited; but, before long, totake his revenge upon circumstances, resolved at least to have adinner out of them.
so he went to a chop house, had a chop and aglass of ale, and was astonished to find how much he enjoyed them.
in fact, abstinence gave his very plain dinner more than all thecharms of a feast -- a fact of which hugh has not been the onlydiscoverer.
he studied punch all the time he ate, and rose with hisspirits perfectly restored.
"now i am in for it," said he, "i will be extravagant for once."
sohe went and bought a cigar, which he spun out into three miles ofsmoke, as he wandered through shoreditch, and houndsditch, andpetticoat-lane, gazing at the faces of his brothers and sisters;which faces having been so many years wrapt in a fog both moral andphysical, now looked out of it as if they were only the condensednuclei of the same fog and filth.
as he was returning through whitechapel, he passed a man on thepavement, whose appearance was so remarkable that he could not helplooking back after him.
when he reflected about it, he thought thatit must have been a certain indescribable resemblance to davidelginbrod that had so attracted him.
the man was very tall.
hugh felt dwarfed beside him; for he had to look rightup, as he passed, to see his face.
he was dressed in loose, shabbyblack.
he had high and otherwise very marked features, and a darkcomplexion.
a general carelessness of demeanour was strangelycombined with an expression of reposeful strength and quietconcentration of will.
at how much of this conclusion hugh arrivedafter knowing more of him, i cannot tell; but such was thedescription he gave of him as he saw him first: and it wasthoroughly correct.
his countenance always seemed to me (for i knewhim well) to represent a nature ever bent in one direction, butnever in haste, because never in doubt.
to carry his extravagance and dissipation still further, hugh nowbetook himself to the pit of the olympic theatre; and no one couldhave laughed more heartily, or cried more helplessly, that night,than he; for he gave himself wholly up to the influences of theruler of the hour, the admirable robson.
but what was his surprisewhen, standing up at the close of the first act, and looking aroundand above him, he saw, unmistakeably, the same remarkablecountenance looking down upon him from the front row of the gallery.
he continued his circuit of observation, trying to discover theface of funkelstein in the boxes or circles; but involuntarily heturned his gaze back to the strange countenance, which still seemedbent towards his.
the curtain rose, and during the second act heforgot all about everything else.
at its close he glanced up to thegallery again, and there was the face still, and still looking athim.
at the close of the third act it had vanished, and he sawnothing more of it that evening.
when the after-piece was over, forhe sat it out, he walked quietly home, much refreshed.
he hadneeded some relaxation, after many days of close and continuouslabour.
but awfully solemn was the face of good miss talbot, as she openedthe door for him at midnight.
hugh took especial pains with hisboots and the door-mat, but it was of no use: the austerity of hercountenance would not relax in the least.
so he took his candle andwalked up-stairs to his room, saying only as he went -- being unableto think of anything else:"good night, miss talbot."
but no response proceeded from the offended divinity of the place.
he went to bed, somewhat distressed at the behaviour of miss talbot,for he had a weakness for being on good terms with everybody.
buthe resolved to have it out with her next morning; and so fell asleepand dreamed of the strange man who had watched him at the theatre.
he rose next morning at the usual time.
but his breakfast wasdelayed half an hour; and when it came, the maid waited upon him,and not her mistress, as usual.
when he had finished, and shereturned to take away the ruins, he asked her to say to her mistressthat he wanted to speak to her.
she brought back a message, whichshe delivered with some difficulty, and evidently undercompulsion -- that if mr. sutherland wanted to speak to her, he wouldfind her in the back parlour.
hugh went down instantly, and foundmiss talbot in a doubly frozen condition, her face absolutely bluewith physical and mental cold combined.
she waited for him tospeak.
hugh began:"miss talbot, it seems something is wrong between you and me."
"is it because i was rather late last night."
"rather late, mr.
miss talbot showed no excitement.
with her, the thermometer, inplace of rising under the influence of irritation, steadily sank.
"i cannot make myself a prisoner on parole, you know, miss talbot.
you must leave me my liberty."
"oh, yes, mr. sutherland.
take your liberty.
you'll go the way ofall the rest.
it's no use trying to save any of you."
"but i'm not aware that i am in any particular want of saving, misstalbot."
"there it is!
-- well, till a sinner is called and awakened, of courseit's no use.
so i'll just do the best i can for you.
who can tellwhen the spirit may be poured from on high?
but it's very sad tome, mr. sutherland, to see an amiable young man like you going theway of transgressors, which is hard.
i am sorry for you, mr.
though the ice was not gone yet, it had begun to melt under theinfluences of hugh's good-temper, and miss talbot's sympathy withhis threatening fate.
conscience, too, had something to do with thechange; for, much as one of her temperament must have dislikedmaking such a confession, she ended by adding, after a pause:"and very sorry, mr. sutherland, that i showed you any bad temperlast night."
poor miss talbot!
hugh saw that she was genuinely troubled abouthim, and resolved to offend but seldom, while he was under her roof.
"perhaps, when you know me longer, you will find i am steadier thanyou think."
"well, it may be.
but steadiness won't make a christian of you."
"it may make a tolerable lodger of me, though," answered hugh; "andyou wouldn't turn me into the street because i am steady and nothingmore, would you?"
"i said i was sorry, mr. sutherland.
do you wish me to say more?"
"bless your kind heart!"
"i was only joking."
he held out his hand to miss talbot, and her eyes glistened as shetook it.
she pressed it kindly, and abandoned it instantly.
so all was right between them once more.
"who knows," murmured miss talbot, "but the lord may save him?
he'ssurely not far from the kingdom of heaven.
i'll do all i can tomake him comfortable."
some books are lies frae end to end,and some great lies were never penned:even ministers, they hae been kenned,     in holy rapture,great lies and nonsense baith to vend,     and nail't wi' scripture.
to the great discomposure of hugh, sunday was inevitable, and he hadto set out for salem chapel.
he found it a neat little noah's arkof a place, built in the shape of a cathedral, and consequentlysharing in the general disadvantages to which dwarfs of all kindsare subjected, absurdity included.
he was shown to mr. appleditch'spew.
that worthy man received him in sleek black clothes, withwhite neck-cloth, and sunday face composed of an absurd mixture ofstupidity and sanctity.
he stood up, and mrs. appleditch stood up,and master appleditch stood up, and hugh saw that the ceremony ofthe place required that he should force his way between the front ofthe pew and the person of each of the human beings occupying it,till he reached the top, where there was room for him to sit down.
no other recognition was taken till after service.
meantime the minister ascended the pulpit stair, with all thesolemnity of one of the self-elect, and a priest besides.
he wasjust old enough for the intermittent attacks of self-importance towhich all youth is exposed, to have in his case become chronic.
hestood up and worshipped his creator aloud, after a manner whichseemed to say in every tone: "behold i am he that worshippeth thee!
how mighty art thou!"
then he read the bible in a quarrelsome sortof way, as if he were a bantam, and every verse were a crow ofdefiance to the sinner.
then they sang a hymn in a fashion whichbrought dear old scotland to hugh's mind, which has the sweetestsongs in its cottages, and the worst singing in its churches, of anycountry in the world.
but it was almost equalled here; the chiefcause of its badness being the absence of a modest self-restraint,and consequent tempering of the tones, on the part of the singers;so that the result was what hugh could describe only as scraichin.1i was once present at the worship of some being who is supposed bynegroes to love drums and cymbals, and all clangorous noises.
theresemblance, according to hugh's description, could not have been avery distant one.
and yet i doubt not that some thoughts ofworshipping love mingled with the noise; and perhaps the harmony ofthese with the spheric melodies, sounded the sweeter to the angels,from the earthly discord in which they were lapped.
then came the sermon.
the text was the story of the good samaritan.
some idea, if not of the sermon, yet of the value of it, may beformed from the fact, that the first thing to be considered, or, inother words, the first head was, "the culpable imprudence of the manin going from jerusalem to jericho without an escort."
it was in truth a strange, grotesque, and somewhat awful medley -- notunlike a dance of death, in which the painter has given here alovely face, and there a beautiful arm or an exquisite foot, to thewild-prancing and exultant skeletons.
but the parts of the sermoncorresponding to the beautiful face or arm or foot, were but thefragments of scripture, shining like gold amidst the worthless oreof the man's own production -- worthless, save as gravel or chaff orhusks have worth, in a world where dilution, and not alwaysconcentration, is necessary for healthfulness.
but there are indians who eat clay, and thrive on it more or less, isuppose.
the power of assimilation which a growing nature mustpossess is astonishing.
it will find its food, its real sundaydinner, in the midst of a whole cartload of refuse; and it will dothe whole week's work on it.
on no other supposition would it bepossible to account for the earnest face of miss talbot, which hughespied turned up to the preacher, as if his face were the very starin the east, shining to guide the chosen kings.
it was well forhugh's power of endurance, that he had heard much the same thing inscotland, and the same thing better dressed, and less grotesque, butmore lifeless, and at heart as ill-mannered, in the church ofarnstead.
just before concluding the service, the pastor made an announcementin the following terms: "after the close of the present service, ishall be found in the adjoining vestry by all persons desirous ofcommunicating with me on the state of their souls, or of beingadmitted to the privileges of church-fellowship.
brethren, we havethis treasure in earthen vessels, and so long as this vessellasts" -- here he struck his chest so that it resounded -- "it shall befaithfully and liberally dispensed.
let us pray."
after the prayer, he spread abroad his arms and hands as if he wouldclasp the world in his embrace, and pronounced the benediction in astyle of arrogance that the pope himself would have been ashamed of.
the service being thus concluded, the organ absolutely blasted thecongregation out of the chapel, so did it storm and rave with afervour anything but divine.
my readers must not suppose that i give this chapel as the type oforthodox dissenting chapels.
i give it only as an approximatespecimen of a large class of them.
the religious life which thesecommunities once possessed, still lingers in those of many countrydistricts and small towns, but is, i fear, all but gone from thoseof the cities and larger towns.
what of it remains in these, hasits chief manifestation in the fungous growth of such chapels as theone i have described, the congregations themselves taking this for asure indication of the prosperity of the body.
how much even of thekind of prosperity which they ought to indicate, is in reality atthe foundation of these appearances, i would recommend those tojudge who are versed in the mysteries of chapel-building societies.
as to hugh, whether it was that the whole was suggestive of egyptianbondage, or that his own mood was, at the time, of the leastcomfortable sort, i will not pretend to determine; but he assured methat he felt all the time, as if, instead of being in a chapel builtof bricks harmoniously arranged, as by the lyre of amphion, he werewandering in the waste, wretched field whence these bricks had beendug, of all places on the earth's surface the most miserable,assailed by the nauseous odours, which have not character enough tobe described, and only remind one of the colours on a snake's back.
when they reached the open air, mr. appleditch introduced hugh tomrs. appleditch, on the steps in front of the chapel.
"this is mr. sutherland, mrs.
hugh lifted his hat, and mrs. appleditch made a courtesy.
she was avery tall woman -- a head beyond her husband, extremely thin, withsharp nose, hollow cheeks, and good eyes.
in fact, she was partlypretty, and might have been pleasant-looking, but for a large,thin-lipped, vampire-like mouth, and a general expression of greedand contempt.
she was meant for a lady, and had made herself amoney-maggot.
she was richly and plainly dressed; and until shebegan to be at her ease, might have passed for an unpleasant lady.
master appleditch, the future pastor, was a fat boy, dressed like adwarf, in a frock coat and man's hat, with a face in which themeanness and keenness strove for mastery, and between them kept downthe appearance of stupidity consequent on fatness.
they walked homein silence, mr. and mrs. appleditch apparently pondering either uponthe spiritual food they had just received, or the corporeal food forwhich they were about to be thankful.
their house was one of many in a crescent.
not content with hissign in town, the grocer had a large brass plate on his door, withappleditch engraved upon it in capitals: it saved them alwayslooking at the numbers.
the boy ran on before, and assailed thisdoor with a succession of explosive knocks.
as soon as it was opened, in he rushed, bawling:"peter, peter, here's the new apprentice!
papa's brought him hometo dinner, because he was at chapel this morning."
then in a lowertone -- "i mean to have a ride on his back this afternoon."
the father and mother laughed.
a solemn priggish little voiceanswered:"oh, no, johnny.
don't you know what day this is?
this is thesabbath-day."
"the dear boy!"
sighed his mother.
"that boy is too good to live," responded the father.
hugh was shown into the dining-room, where the table was alreadylaid for dinner.
it was evident that the appleditches werewell-to-do people.
the room was full of what is called handsomefurniture, in a high state of polish.
over the chimney-piece hungthe portrait of a preacher in gown and bands, the most prominent ofwhose features were his cheeks.
in a few minutes the host and hostess entered, followed by apale-faced little boy, the owner of the voice of reproof.
"come here, peetie," said his mother, "and tell mr. sutherland whatyou have got."
she referred to some toy -- no, not toy, for it wasthe sabbath -- to some book, probably.
peetie answered in a solemn voice, mouthing every vowel:"i've got five bags of gold in the bank of england."
said his mother, with a scornful giggle.
"you wouldn'thave much to reckon on, if that were all."
two or three gaily dressed riflemen passed the window.
the poorfellows, unable to bear the look of their sunday clothes, if theyhad any, after being used to their uniform, had come out in all itsmagnificence.
said mr. appleditch, "that's all very well in a state ofnature; but when a man is once born into a state of grace, mr.sutherland -- ah!"
"really," responded mrs. appleditch, "the worldliness of the lowerclasses is quite awful.
but they are spared for a day of wrath,poor things!
i am sure that accident on the railway last sabbath,might have been a warning to them all.
after that they can't saythere is not a god that ruleth in the earth, and taketh vengeancefor his broken sabbaths."
"mr. -- .
i don't know your name," said peter, whose age hugh hadjust been trying in vain to conjecture.
"mr. sutherland," said the mother.
"mr. slubberman, are you a converted character?"
"why do you ask me that, master peter?"
said hugh, trying to smile.
"i think you look good, but mamma says she don't think you are,because you say sunday instead of sabbath, and she always findspeople who do are worldly."
mrs. appleditch turned red -- not blushed, and said, quickly:"peter shouldn't repeat everything he hears."
"no more i do, ma.
i haven't told what you said about -- " here hismother caught him up, and carried him out of the room, saying:"you naughty boy!
you shall go to bed."
"oh, no, i shan't!"
"yes, you shall.
here, jane, take this naughty boy to bed."
"yes, i will!"
and such a yell was there     of sudden and portentous birth,     as if...ten cats were being cooked alive.
he shan't go to bed, if he'll be agood boy.
will he be good?"
"may i stay up to supper, then?
"yes, yes; anything to stop such dreadful screaming.
you are verynaughty -- very naughty indeed."
i'm not naughty.
i'll scream again."
go and get your pinafore on, and come down to dinner.
anything rather than a scream."
i am sick of all this, and doubt if it is worth printing; but itamused me very much one night as hugh related it over a bottle ofchablis and a pipe.
he certainly did not represent mrs. appleditch in a very favourablelight on the whole; but he took care to say that there was a certainliberality about the table, and a kind of heartiness in her way ofpressing him to have more than he could possibly eat, whichcontrasted strangely with her behaviour afterwards in money matters.
there are many people who can be liberal in almost anything butmoney.
they seem to say, "take anything but my purse."
miss talbottold him afterwards, that this same lady was quite active amongstthe poor of her district.
she made it a rule never to give money,or at least never more than sixpence; but she turned scraps ofvictuals and cast-off clothes to the best account; and, if she didnot make friends with the mammon of unrighteousness, she yet kept aneye on the eternal habitations in the distribution of the crumbsthat fell from her table.
poor mr. appleditch, on the other hand,often embezzled a shilling or a half-crown from the till, for theuse of a poor member of the same church -- meaning by church, theindividual community to which he belonged; but of this, mrs.appleditch was carefully kept ignorant.
after dinner was over, and the children had been sent away, whichwas effected without a greater amount of difficulty than, from theanticipative precautions adopted, appeared to be lawful andordinary, mr. appleditch proceeded to business.
"now, mr. sutherland, what do you think of johnnie, sir?"
"it is impossible for me to say yet; but i am quite willing to teachhim if you like."
"he's a forward boy," said his mother.
"not a doubt of it," responded hugh; for he remembered the boyasking him, across the table: "isn't our mr. lixom" -- (thepastor) -- "a oner?"
"and very eager and retentive," said his father.
hugh had seen the little glutton paint both cheeks to the eyes withdamson tart, and render more than a quantity proportionate to thecolouring, invisible.
"yes, he is eager, and retentive, too, i daresay," he said; "butmuch will depend on whether he has a turn for study."
"well, you will find that out to-morrow.
i think you will besurprised, sir."
"at what hour would you like me to come?"
"stop, mr. appleditch," interposed his wife.
"you have said nothingyet about terms; and that is of some importance, considering therent and taxes we pay."
"well, my love, what do you feel inclined to give?"
"how much do you charge a lesson, mr. sutherland?
only let meremind you, sir, that he is a very little boy, although stout, andthat you cannot expect to put much greek and latin into him for sometime yet.
besides, we want you to come every day, which ought to beconsidered in the rate of charge."
"of course it ought," said hugh.
"how much do you say, then, sir?"
"i should be content with half-a-crown a lesson."
"i daresay you would!"
replied the lady, with indignation.
that's -- six half-crowns is--fifteen shillings.
fifteen shillings a week for that mite of a boy!
mr. sutherland,you ought to be ashamed of yourself, sir."
"you forget, mrs. appleditch, that it is as much trouble to me toteach one little boy -- yes, a great deal more than to teach twentygrown men."
"you ought to be ashamed of yourself, sir.
you a christian man, andtalk of trouble in teaching such a little cherub as that?"
"but do pray remember the distance i have to come, and that it willtake nearly four hours of my time every day."
"then you can get lodgings nearer."
"but i could not get any so cheap."
"then you can the better afford to do it."
and she threw herself back in her chair, as if she had struck thedecisive blow.
mr. appleditch remarked, gently:"it is good for your health to walk the distance, sir."
mrs. appleditch resumed:"i won't give a farthing more than one shilling a lesson.
"very well," said hugh, rising; "then i must wish you good day.
weneed not waste more time in talking about it."
"surely you are not going to make any use of your time on a sunday?"
said the grocer, mildly.
"don't be in a hurry, mr. sutherland.
wetradespeople like to make the best bargain we can."
"mr. appleditch, i am ashamed of you.
you always will be vulgar.
you always smell of the shop."
"well, my dear, how can i help it?
the sugar and soft-soap willsmell, you know."
"mr. appleditch, you disgust me!"
i am sorry for that.
-- suppose we say to mr.sutherland -- ""now, you leave that to me.
i'll tell you what, mr.sutherland -- i'll give you eighteenpence a lesson, and your dinner onthe sabbath; that is, if you sit under mr. lixom in our pew, andwalk home with us."
"that i must decline" said hugh.
"i must have my sundays formyself."
mrs. appleditch was disappointed.
she had coveted the additionalimportance which the visible possession of a live tutor would secureher at "salem."
mr. sutherland," she said.
"and i must trust my child, with animmortal soul in his inside, to one who wants the lord's only dayfor himself!
-- for himself, mr.
hugh made no answer, because he had none to make.
again mrs.appleditch resumed:"shall it be a bargain, mr. sutherland?
eighteen-pence alesson -- that's nine shillings a week -- and begin to morrow?"
hugh's heart sunk within him, not so much with disappointment aswith disgust.
but to a man who is making nothing, the prospect of earning ever solittle, is irresistibly attractive.
even on a shilling a day, hecould keep hunger at arm's length.
and a beginning is half thebattle.
"let it be a bargain, then, mrs.
the lady immediately brightened up, and at once put on hercompany-manners again, behaving to him with great politeness, and asneer that would not be hid away under it.
from this hugh suspectedthat she had made a better bargain than she had hoped; but thediscovery was now too late, even if he could have brought himself totake advantage of it.
he hated bargain-making as heartily as thegrocer's wife loved it.
he very soon rose to take his leave.
said mrs. appleditch to her husband, "but mr. sutherland hasnot seen the drawing-room!"
hugh wondered what there could be remarkable about the drawing-room;but he soon found that it was the pride of mrs. appleditch's heart.
she abstained from all use of it except upon great occasions -- whenparties of her friends came to drink tea with her.
she made apoint, however, of showing it to everybody who entered the house forthe first time.
so hugh was led up-stairs, to undergo the operationof being shown the drawing-room, and being expected to be astonishedat it.
i asked him what it was like.
he answered: "it was just what itought to be -- rich and ugly.
mr. appleditch, in his deacon'suniform, hung over the fire, and mrs. appleditch, in herwedding-dress, over the piano; for there was a piano, and she couldplay psalm-tunes on it with one finger.
the round table in themiddle of the room had books in gilded red and blue coverssymmetrically arranged all round it.
this is all i can recollect."
having feasted his eyes on the magnificence thus discovered to him,he walked home, more depressed at the prospect of his new employmentthan he could have believed possible.
on his way he turned aside into the regent's park, where the sightof the people enjoying themselves -- for it was a fine day for theseason -- partially dispelled the sense of living corruption andpremature burial which he had experienced all day long.
he kept asfar off from the rank of open-air preachers as possible, and reallywas able to thank god that all the world did not keep scotchsabbath -- a day neither mosaic, nor jewish, nor christian: notmosaic, inasmuch as it kills the very essence of the fourthcommandment, which is rest, transmuting it into what the chemistswould call a mechanical mixture of service and inertia; not jewish,inasmuch as it is ten times more severe, and formal, and full ofnegations, than that of the sabbatarian jews reproved by the saviourfor their idolatry of the day; and unchristian, inasmuch as itinsists, beyond appeal, on the observance of times and seasons,abolished, as far as law is concerned, by the word of the chief ofthe apostles; and elevates into an especial test of piety a customnot even mentioned by the founders of christianity at all -- that,namely, of accounting this day more holy than all the rest.
these last are but outside reasons for calling it unchristian.
there are far deeper and more important ones, which cannot well beproduced here.
it is not hugh, however, who is to be considered accountable for allthis, but the historian of his fortunes, between whom and the visionof a lord's day indeed, there arises too often the nightmare-memoryof a scotch saabbath -- between which and its cousin, the englishsunday, there is too much of a family likeness.
the grand men andwomen whom i have known in scotland, seem to me, as i look back, tomove about in the mists of a scotch sabbath, like a company ofway-worn angels in the limbo of vanity, in which there is no airwhereupon to smite their sounding wings, that they may rise into thesunlight of god's presence.
now resteth in my memory but this point, which indeed is the chiefto you of all others; which is the choice of what men you are todirect yourself to; for it is certain no vessel can leave a worsetaste in the liquor it contains, than a wrong teacher infects anunskilful hearer with that which hardly will ever out...  but you maysay, "how shall i get excellent men to take pains to speak with me?"
truly, in few words, either by much expense or much humbleness.
letter of sir philip sidney to his brother robert.
how many things which, at the first moment, strike us as curiouscoincidences, afterwards become so operative on our lives, and sointerwoven with the whole web of their histories, that instead ofappearing any more as strange accidents, they assume the shape ofunavoidable necessities, of homely, ordinary, lawful occurrences, asmuch in their own place as any shaft or pinion of a great machine!
it was dusk before hugh turned his steps homeward.
he wanderedalong, thinking of euphra and the count and the stolen rings.
hegreatly desired to clear himself to mr. arnold.
he saw that thenature of the ring tended to justify mr. arnold's suspicions; for aman who would not steal for money's worth, might yet steal for valueof another sort, addressing itself to some peculiar weakness; andmr. arnold might have met with instances of this nature in hisposition as magistrate.
he greatly desired, likewise, for euphra'ssake, to have funkelstein in his power.
his own ring was beyondrecovery; but if, by its means, he could hold such a lash over himas would terrify him from again exercising his villanous influenceson her, he would be satisfied.
while plunged in this contemplation, he came upon two policementalking together.
he recognized one of them as a scotchman, fromhis speech.
it occurred to him at once to ask his advice, in amodified manner; and a moment's reflection convinced him that itwould at least do no harm.
he would do it.
it was one of thoseresolutions at which one arrives by an arrow flight of theintellect.
"you are a countryman of mine, i think," said he, as soon as the twohad parted.
"if ye're a scotchman, sir -- may be ay, may be no."
"whaur come ye frae, man?"
"it's mine ain calf-country.
an' what do they ca' ye?"
"they ca' me john macpherson."
"my name's sutherland."
it's my ain mither's name.
gie's a grup o' yer han',maister sutherlan'.
-- eh, man!"
he repeated, shaking hugh's hand withvehemence.
"i have no doubt," said hugh, relapsing into english, "that we aresome cousins or other.
it's very lucky for me to find a relative,for i wanted some -- advice."
he took care to say advice, which a scotchman is generally preparedto bestow of his best.
had it been sixpence, the cousinship wouldhave required elaborate proof, before the treaty could have madefurther progress.
"i'm fully at your service, sir."
"when will you be off duty?"
"at nine o'clock preceesely."
"come to no.
13, -- square, and ask for me.
it's not far."
"wi' pleesir, sir, 'gin 'twar twise as far."
hugh would not have ventured to ask him to his house on sundaynight, when no refreshments could be procured, had he not remembereda small pig (anglicé stone bottle) of real mountain dew, which hehad carried with him when he went to arnstead, and which had lainunopened in one of his boxes.
miss talbot received her lodger with more show of pleasure thanusual, for he came lapped in the odour of the deacon's sanctity.
but she was considerably alarmed and beyond measure shocked whenthe policeman called and requested to see him.
sally had rushed into her mistress in dismay.
"please'm, there's a pleaceman wants mr. sutherland.
"well, go and let mr. sutherland know, you stupid girl," answeredher mistress, trembling.
was all sally's reply, as she vanished to bear theawful tidings to hugh.
"he can't have been housebreaking already," said miss talbot toherself, as she confessed afterwards.
"but it may be forgery orembezzlement.
i told the poor deluded young man that the way oftransgressors was hard."
"please, sir, you're wanted, sir," said sally, out of breath, andpale as her sunday apron.
"who wants me?"
"please, sir, the pleaceman, sir," answered sally, and burst intotears.
hugh was perfectly bewildered by the girl's behaviour, and said in atone of surprise:"well, show him up, then."
sir," said sally, with a plutonic sigh, and began to undo thehooks of her dress; "if you wouldn't mind, sir, just put on my frockand apron, and take a jug in your hand, an' the pleaceman'll neverlook at you.
i'll take care of everything till you come back, sir."
and again she burst into tears.
sally was a great reader of the family herald, and knew that thiswas an orthodox plan of rescuing a prisoner.
the kindness of heranxiety moderated the expression of hugh's amusement; and havingconvinced her that he was in no danger, he easily prevailed upon herto bring the policeman upstairs.
over a tumbler of toddy, the weaker ingredients of which wereprocured by sally's glad connivance, with a lingering idea ofpropitiation, and a gentle hint that missus mustn't know -- the twoscotchmen, seated at opposite corners of the fire, had a long chat.
they began about the old country, and the places and people theyboth knew, and both didn't know.
if they had met on the shores ofthe central lake of africa, they could scarcely have been morecouthy together.
at length hugh referred to the object of hisapplication to macpherson.
"what plan would you have me pursue, john, to get hold of a man inlondon?"
"i could manage that for ye, sir.
i ken maist the haill mengie o'the detaictives."
"but you see, unfortunately, i don't wish, for particular reasons,that the police should have anything to do with it."
i see brawly.
ye'll be efter a stray sheep, naedoot?"
hugh did not reply; so leaving him to form any conclusion hepleased.
"ye see," macpherson continued, "it's no that easy to a body that'sno up to the trade.
hae ye ony clue like, to set ye spierin' upo'?"
"not the least."
the man pondered a while.
"i hae't," he exclaimed at last.
"what a fule i was no to think o'that afore!
gin't be a puir bit yow-lammie like, 'at ye're efter,i'll tell ye what: there's ae man, a countryman o' our ain, an' agentleman forbye, that'll do mair for ye in that way, nor a' thedetaictives thegither; an' that's robert falconer, esquire.
-- i kenhim weel."
"but i don't," said hugh.
"but i'll introduce ye till 'im.
he bides close at han' here; roun'twa corners jist.
an' i'm thinkin' he'll be at hame the noo; for isaw him gaein that get, afore ye cam' up to me.
an' the suner wegang, the better; for he's no aye to be gotten hand o'.
hemay be in shoreditch or this."
"but will he not consider it an intrusion?"
"na, na; there's no fear o' that.
he's ony man's an' ilka woman'sfreen -- so be he can do them a guid turn; but he's no for drinkin'and daffin' an' that.
come awa', maister sutherlan', he's yer verraman."
thus urged, hugh rose and accompanied the policeman.
he took himround rather more than two corners; but within five minutes theystood at mr. falconer's door.
the door opened withoutvisible service, and they ascended to the first floor, which wasenclosed something after the scotch fashion.
here a respectablelooking woman awaited their ascent.
"is mr. falconer at hom', mem?"
said hugh's guide.
"he is; but i think he's just going out again."
"will ye tell him, mem, 'at hoo john macpherson, the policeman,would like sair to see him?"
"i will," she answered; and went in, leaving them at the door.
she returned in a moment, and, inviting them to enter, ushered theminto a large bare room, in which there was just light enough forhugh to recognize, to his astonishment, the unmistakeable figure ofthe man whom he had met in whitechapel, and whom he had afterwardsseen apparently watching him from the gallery of the olympictheatre.
"how are you, macpherson?"
said a deep powerful voice, out of thegloom.
"verra weel, i thank ye, mr. falconer.
hoo are ye yersel', sir?"
"very well too, thank you.
who is with you?"
"it's a gentleman, sir, by the name o' mr. sutherlan', wha wantsyour help, sir, aboot somebody or ither 'at he's enteresstit in,wha's disappeared."
falconer advanced, and, bowing to hugh said, very graciously:"i shall be most happy to serve mr. sutherland, if in my power.
ourfriend macpherson has rather too exalted an idea of my capabilities,however."
"weel, maister falconer, i only jist spier at yersel', whether or noye was ever dung wi' onything ye took in han'."
falconer made no reply to this.
there was the story of a whole lifein his silence -- past and to come.
he merely said:"you can leave the gentleman with me, then, john.
i'll take care ofhim."
"no fear o' that, sir.
deil a bit!
though a' the policemen i'lonnon war efter 'im."
"i'm much obliged to you for bringing him."
"the obligation's mine sir -- an' the gentleman's.
good nicht, sir.
good nicht, mr. sutherlan'.
ye'll ken whaur to fin' me gin ye wantme.
yon's my beat for anither fortnicht."
"and you know my quarters," said hugh, shaking him by the hand.
"iam greatly obliged to you."
"not a bit, sir.
or gin ye war, ye sud be hertily welcome."
"bring candles, mrs. ashton," falconer called from the door.
then,turning to hugh, "sit down, mr. sutherland," he said, "if you canfind a chair that is not illegally occupied already.
perhaps we hadbetter wait for the candles.
what a pleasant day we have had!"
"then you have been more pleasantly occupied than i have," thoughthugh, to whose mind returned the images of the appleditch family andits drawing-room, followed by the anticipation of the distastefulduties of the morrow.
but he only said:"it has been a most pleasant day."
"i spent it strangely," said falconer.
here the candles were brought in.
the two men looked at each other full in the face.
hugh saw that hehad not been in error.
the same remarkable countenance was beforehim.
"we have met before," said he.
"we have," said hugh.
"i had a conviction we should be better acquainted, but i did notexpect it so soon."
"are you a clairvoyant, then?"
"not in the least."
"or, perhaps, being a scotchman, you have the second sight?"
"i am hardly celt enough for that.
but i am a sort of a seer, afterall -- from an instinct of the spiritual relations of things, i hope;not in the least from the nervo-material side."
"i think i understand you."
"are you at leisure?"
"had we not better walk, then?
i have to go as far as somerstown -- no great way; and we can talk as well walking as sitting."
"with pleasure," answered hugh, rising.
"will you take anything before you go?
a glass of port?
it is theonly wine i happen to have."
"not a drop, thank you.
i seldom taste anything stronger thanwater."
"i like that.
but i like a glass of port too.
and falconer rose -- and a great rising it was; for, as i have said,he was two or three inches taller than hugh, and much broader acrossthe shoulders; and hugh was no stripling now.
he could not helpthinking again of his old friend, david elginbrod, to whom he had tolook up to find the living eyes of him, just as now he looked up tofind falconer's.
but there was a great difference between thoseorgans in the two men.
david's had been of an ordinary size, purekeen blue, sparkling out of cerulean depths of peace and hope, fullof lambent gleams when he was loving any one, and ever ready to bedimmed with the mists of rising emotion.
all that hugh could yetdiscover of falconer's eyes was, that they were large, and black asnight, and set so far back in his head, that each gleamed out of itscaverned arch like the reversed torch of the greek genius of death,just before going out in night.
either the frontal sinus was verylarge, or his observant faculties were peculiarly developed.
they went out, and walked for some distance in silence.
hughventured to say at length:"you said you had spent the day strangely:  may i ask how?"
"in a condemned cell in newgate," answered falconer.
"i am not inthe habit of going to such places, but the man wanted to see me, andi went."
as falconer said no more, and as hugh was afraid of showing anythinglike vulgar curiosity, this thread of conversation broke.
nothingworth recording passed until they entered a narrow court in somerstown.
"are you afraid of infection?"
"not in the least, if there be any reason for exposing myself toit."
"that is right .-- and i need not ask if you are in good health."
"i am in perfect health."
"then i need not mind asking you to wait for me till i come out ofthis house.
there is typhus in it."
"i will wait with pleasure.
i will go with you if i can be of anyuse."
"there is no occasion.
it is not your business this time."
so saying, falconer opened the door, and walked in.
said hugh to himself: "i must tell this man the whole story; andwith it all my own."
in a few minutes falconer rejoined him, looking solemn, but with akind of relieved expression on his face.
"the poor fellow is gone," said he.
"what a thing it must be, mr. sutherland, for a man to break out ofthe choke-damp of a typhus fever into the clear air of the lifebeyond!"
"yes," said hugh; adding, after a slight hesitation, "if he be atall prepared for the change."
"where a change belongs to the natural order of things," saidfalconer, "and arrives inevitably at some hour, there must always bemore or less preparedness for it.
besides, i think a man isgenerally prepared for a breath of fresh air."
hugh did not reply, for he felt that he did not fully comprehend hisnew acquaintance.
but he had a strong suspicion that it was becausehe moved in a higher region than himself.
"if you will still accompany me," resumed falconer, who had not yetadverted to hugh's object in seeking his acquaintance, "you will, ithink, be soon compelled to believe that, at whatever time death mayarrive, or in whatever condition the man may be at the time, itcomes as the best and only good that can at that moment reach him.
we are, perhaps, too much in the habit of thinking of death as theculmination of disease, which, regarded only in itself, is an evil,and a terrible evil.
but i think rather of death as the first pulseof the new strength, shaking itself free from the old mouldyremnants of earth-garments, that it may begin in freedom the newlife that grows out of the old.
the caterpillar dies into thebutterfly.
who knows but disease may be the coming, the keenerlife, breaking into this, and beginning to destroy like fire theinferior modes or garments of the present?
and then disease wouldbe but the sign of the salvation of fire; of the agony of thegreater life to lift us to itself, out of that wherein we arefailing and sinning.
and so we praise the consuming fire of life."
"but surely all cannot fare alike in the new life."
"far from it.
according to the condition.
but what would be hellto one, will be quietness, and hope, and progress to another;because he has left worse behind him, and in this the life assertsitself, and is.
-- but perhaps you are not interested in suchsubjects, mr. sutherland, and i weary you."
"if i have not been interested in them hitherto, i am ready tobecome so now.
let me go with you."
as i have attempted to tell a great deal about robert falconer andhis pursuits elsewhere, i will not here relate the particulars oftheir walk through some of the most wretched parts of london.
suffice it to say that, if hugh, as he walked home, was not yetprepared to receive and understand the half of what falconer hadsaid about death, and had not yet that faith in god that gives asperfect a peace for the future of our brothers and sisters, who,alas!
have as yet been fed with husks, as for that of ourselves, whohave eaten bread of the finest of the wheat, and have been but alittle thankful, -- he yet felt at least that it was a blessed thingthat these men and women would all die -- must all die.
that spectrefrom which men shrink, as if it would take from them the lastshivering remnant of existence, he turned to for some consolationeven for them.
he was prepared to believe that they could not begoing to worse in the end, though some of the rich and respectableand educated might have to receive their evil things first in theother world; and he was ready to understand that great saying ofschiller -- full of a faith evident enough to him who can look farenough into the saying:"death cannot be an evil, for it is universal."
o that torment should not be confined        to the body's wounds and sores,        but must secret passage find        to the inmost mind.
dire inflammation, which no cooling herb        or medicinal liquor can asswage,        nor breath of vernal air from snowy alp.
sleep hath forsook and given me o'er        to death's benumming opium as my only cure,        thence faintings, swoonings of despair,        and sense of heaven's desertion.
milton .-- samson agonistes.
hitherto i have chiefly followed the history of my hero, if hero inany sense he can yet be called.
now i must leave him for a while,and take up the story of the rest of the few persons concerned in mytale.
lady emily had gone to madeira, and mr. arnold had followed.
mrs.elton and harry, and margaret, of course, had gone to london.
euphra was left alone at arnstead.
a great alteration had taken place in this strange girl.
theservants were positively afraid of her now, from the butler down tothe kitchen-maid.
she used to go into violent fits of passion, inwhich the mere flash of her eyes was overpowering.
these outbreakswould be followed almost instantaneously by seasons of the deepestdejection, in which she would confine herself to her room for hours,or, lame as she was, wander about the house and the ghost's walk,herself pale as a ghost, and looking meagre and wretched.
also, she became subject to frequent fainting fits, the first ofwhich took place the night before hugh's departure, after she hadreturned to the house from her interview with him in the ghost'swalk.
she was evidently miserable.
for this misery we know that there were very sufficient reasons,without taking into account the fact that she had no one tofascinate now.
her continued lameness, which her restlessnessaggravated, likewise gave her great cause for anxiety.
but ipresume that, even during the early part of her confinement, hermind had been thrown back upon itself, in that consciousness whichoften arises in loneliness and suffering; and that even then she hadbegun to feel that her own self was a worse tyrant than the count,and made her a more wretched slave than any exercise of his unlawfulpower could make her.
some natures will endure an immense amount of misery before theyfeel compelled to look there for help, whence all help and healingcomes.
they cannot believe that there is verily an unseenmysterious power, till the world and all that is in it has vanishedin the smoke of despair; till cause and effect is nothing to theintellect, and possible glories have faded from the imagination;then, deprived of all that made life pleasant or hopeful, theimmortal essence, lonely and wretched and unable to cease, looks upwith its now unfettered and wakened instinct, to the source of itsown life -- to the possible god who, notwithstanding all theimprobabilities of his existence, may yet perhaps be, and may yetperhaps hear his wretched creature that calls.
in this lonelinessof despair, life must find the life; for joy is gone, and life isall that is left: it is compelled to seek its source, its root, itseternal life.
this alone remains as a possible thing.
strangecondition of despair into which the spirit of god drives a man -- acondition in which the best alone is the possible!
other simpler natures look up at once.
even before the first panghas passed away, as by a holy instinct of celestial childhood, theylift their eyes to the heavens whence cometh their aid.
of thisclass euphra was not.
she belonged to the former.
and yet even shehad begun to look upward, for the waters had closed above her head.
she betook herself to the one man of whom she had heard as knowingabout god.
she wrote, but no answer came.
days and days passedaway, and there was no reply.
she said, in bitterness.
"and if i cried to god forever, i should hear no word of reply.
if he be, he sits apart, andleaves the weak to be the prey of the bad.
what cares he?"
yet, as she spoke, she rose, and, by a sudden impulse, threw herselfon the floor, and cried for the first time:"o god, help me!"
was there voice or hearing?
she rose at least with a little hope, and with the feeling that ifshe could cry to him, it might be that he could listen to her.
itseemed natural to pray; it seemed to come of itself: that could notbe except it was first natural for god to hear.
the foundation ofher own action must be in him who made her; for her call could beonly a response after all.
the time passed wearily by.
dim, slow november days came on, withthe fall of the last brown shred of those clouds of living greenthat had floated betwixt earth and heaven.
through the bare boughsof the overarching avenue of the ghost's walk, themselves livingskeletons, she could now look straight up to the blue sky, which hadbeen there all the time.
and she had begun to look up to a higherheaven, through the bare skeleton shapes of life; for the foliage ofjoy had wholly vanished -- shall we say in order that the children ofthe spring might come?
-- certainly in order first that the blue skyof a deeper peace might reflect itself in the hitherto darkenedwaters of her soul.
perhaps some of my readers may think that she had enough to repentof to keep her from weariness.
she had plenty to repent of, nodoubt; but repentance, between the paroxysms of its bitterness, is avery dreary and november-like state of the spiritual weather.
forits foggy mornings and cheerless noons cannot believe in the sun ofspring, soon to ripen into the sun of summer; and its best time isthe night, that shuts out the world and weeps its fill of slowtears.
but she was not altogether so blameworthy as she may haveappeared.
her affectations had not been altogether false.
shevalued, and in a measure possessed, the feelings for which shesought credit.
she had a genuine enjoyment of nature, though aftera sensuous, keats-like fashion, not a wordsworthian.
it was thebody, rather than the soul, of nature that she loved -- its beautyrather than its truth.
had her love of nature been of the deepest,she would have turned aside to conceal her emotions rather than haveheld them up as allurements in the eyes of her companion.
but as nobody and no beauty can exist without soul and truth, she who lovesthe former must at least be capable of loving the deeper essence towhich they owe their very existence.
this view of her character is borne out by her love of music and herliking for hugh.
both were genuine.
had the latter been either moreor less genuine than it was, the task of fascination would have beenmore difficult, and its success less complete.
whether her ownfeelings became further involved than she had calculated upon, icannot tell; but surely it says something for her, in any case, thatshe desired to retain hugh as her friend, instead of hating himbecause he had been her lover.
how glad she would have been of harry now!
the days crawled oneafter the other like weary snakes.
she tried to read the newtestament: it was to her like a mouldy chamber of worm-eatenparchments, whose windows had not been opened to the sun or the windfor centuries; and in which the dust of the decaying leaves chokedthe few beams that found their way through the age-blinded panes.
this state of things could not have lasted long; for euphra wouldhave died.
it lasted, however, until she felt that she had beenleading a false, worthless life; that she had been casting from herevery day the few remaining fragments of truth and reality that yetkept her nature from falling in a heap of helpless ruin; that shehad never been a true friend to any one; that she was of novalue -- fit for no one's admiration, no one's love.
she must leaveher former self, like a dead body, behind her, and rise into a purerair of life and reality, else she would perish with that everlastingdeath which is the disease and corruption of the soul itself.
to those who know anything of such experiences, it will not besurprising that such feelings as these should be alternated withfierce bursts of passion.
the old self then started up withfeverish energy, and writhed for life.
never any one tried to bebetter, without, for a time, seeming to himself, perhaps to others,to be worse.
for the suffering of the spirit weakens the brainitself, and the whole physical nature groans under it; while theenergy spent in the effort to awake, and arise from the dust, leavesthe regions previously guarded by prudence naked to the wild inroadsof the sudden destroying impulses born of suffering, self-sickness,and hatred.
as in the delirious patient, they would dash to theearth whatever comes first within reach, as if the thing firstperceived, and so (by perception alone) brought into contact withthe suffering, were the cause of all the distress.
one day a letter arrived for her.
she had had no letter from anyone for weeks.
yet, when she saw the direction, she flung it fromher.
it was from mrs. elton, whom she disliked, because she foundher utterly uninteresting and very stupid.
poor mrs. elton laid no claim to the contraries of these epithets.
but in proportion as she abjured thought, she claimed speech, bothby word of mouth and by letter.
there was nothing in it.
she considered reason as an awful enemy to the soul, and obnoxiousto god, especially when applied to find out what he means when headdresses us as reasonable creatures.
there was noharm in that.
perhaps it was some latent conviction that this powerof speech was the chief distinction between herself and the loweranimals, that made her use it so freely, and at the same time openher purse so liberally to the hospital for orphan dogs and cats.
hadit not been for her own dire necessity, the fact that mrs. elton wasreligious would have been enough to convince euphra that there couldnot possibly be anything in religion.
the letter lay unopened till next day -- a fact easy to account for,improbable as it may seem; for besides writing as largely as shetalked, and less amusingly because more correctly, mrs. elton wrotesuch an indistinct though punctiliously neat hand, that the readingof a letter of hers involved no small amount of labour.
but the sunshining out next morning, euphra took courage to read it, whiledrinking her coffee, although she could not expect to make thatceremony more pleasant thereby.
it contained an invitation to visitmrs. elton at her house in --- street, hyde park, with the assurancethat, now that everything was arranged, they had plenty of room forher.
mrs. elton was sure she must be lonely at arnstead; and mrs.horton could, no doubt, be trusted -- and so on.
had this letter arrived a few weeks earlier, euphra would haveinfused into her answer a skilful concoction of delicate contempt;not for the amusement of knowing that mrs. elton would neverdiscover a trace of it, but simply for a relief to her own dislike.
now she would have written a plain letter, containing as brief andas true an excuse as she could find, had it not been, that, inclosedin mrs. elton's note she found another, which ran thus:"dear euphra, -- do come and see us.
i do not like london at allwithout you.
there are no happy days here like those we had atarnstead with mr. sutherland.
mrs. elton and margaret are very kindto me.
but i wish you would come.
do, do, do.
"your affectionate cousin,"harry arnold."
"the dear boy!"
said euphra, with a gush of pure and gratefulaffection; "i will go and see him."
harry had begun to work with his masters, and was doing his best,which was very good.
if his heart was not so much in it as when hewas studying with his big brother, he gained a great benefit fromthe increase of exercise to his will, in the doing of what was lesspleasant.
ever since hugh had given his faculties a rightdirection, and aided him by healthful manly sympathy, he had beenmaking up for the period during which childhood had been protractedinto boyhood; and now he was making rapid progress.
when euphra arrived, harry rushed to the hall to meet her.
she tookhim in her arms, and burst into tears.
her tears drew forth his.
he stroked her pale face, and said:"dear euphra, how ill you look!"
"i shall soon be better now, harry."
"i was afraid you did not love me, euphra; but now i am sure youdo."
"indeed i do.
i am very sorry for everything that made you think idid not love you."
it was all my fancy.
now we shall be very happy."
and so harry was.
and euphra, through means of harry, began to gaina little of what is better than most kinds of happiness, because itis nearest to the best happiness -- i mean peace.
this foretaste ofrest came to her from the devotedness with which she now appliedherself to aid the intellect, which she had unconsciously repressedand stunted before.
she took harry's books when he had gone to bed;and read over all his lessons, that she might be able to assist himin preparing them; venturing thus into some regions of labour intowhich ladies are too seldom conducted by those who instruct them.
this produced in her quite new experiences.
one of these was, thatin proportion as she laboured for harry, hope grew for herself.
itwas likewise of the greatest immediate benefit that the intervals ofthought, instead of lying vacant to melancholy, or the vapours thatsprung from the foregoing strife of the spiritual elements, shouldbe occupied by healthy mental exercise.
still, however, she was subject to great vicissitudes of feeling.
akind of peevishness, to which she had formerly been a stranger, wasbut too ready to appear, even when she was most anxious, in herconverse with harry, to behave well to him.
but the pureforgiveness of the boy was wonderful.
instead of plaguing himselfto find out the cause of her behaviour, or resenting it in theleast, he only laboured, by increased attention and submission, toremove it; and seemed perfectly satisfied when it was followed by akind word, which to him was repentance, apology, amends, andbetterment, all in one.
when he had thus driven away the evilspirit, there was euphra her own self.
so perfectly did she see,and so thoroughly appreciate this kindness and love of harry, thathe began to look to her like an angel of forgiveness come to live aboy's life, that he might do an angel's work.
her health continued very poor.
she suffered constantly from moreor less headache, and at times from faintings.
but she had not forsome time discovered any signs of somnambulism.
of this peculiarity her friends were entirely ignorant.
theoccasions, indeed, on which it had manifested itself to an excessivedegree, had been but few.
think you a little din can daunt mine ears?
have i not in my time heard lions roar?
and do you tell me of a woman's tongue,that gives not half so great a blow to hear,as will a chestnut in a farmer's fire?
fear boys with bugs.
taming of the shrew.
during the whole of his first interview with falconer, which lastedso long that he had been glad to make a bed of falconer's sofa, hughnever once referred to the object for which he had acceptedmacpherson's proffered introduction; nor did falconer ask him anyquestions.
hugh was too much interested and saddened by the scenesthrough which falconer led him, not to shrink from speaking ofanything less important; and with falconer it was a rule, aprinciple almost, never to expedite utterance of any sort.
in the morning, feeling a little good-natured anxiety as to hislandlady's reception of him, hugh made some allusion to it, as hesat at his new friend's breakfast-table.
falconer said:"what is your landlady's name?"
little miss talbot?
you are in good quarters -- too good tolose, i can tell you.
just say to miss talbot that you were withme."
"you know her, then?"
"you seem to know everybody."
"if i have spoken to a person once, i never forget him."
"that seems to me very strange."
"it is simple enough.
the secret of it is, that, as far as i canhelp it, i never have any merely business relations with any one.
itry always not to forget that there is a deeper relation between us.
i commonly succeed worst in a drawing-room; yet even there, for thetime we are together, i try to recognise the present humanity,however much distorted or concealed.
the consequence is, i neverforget anybody; and i generally find that others remember me -- atleast those with whom i have had any real relations, springing frommy need or from theirs.
the man who mends a broken chair for you,or a rent in your coat, renders you a human service; and, in virtueof that, comes nearer to your inner self, than nine-tenths of theladies and gentlemen whom you meet only in what is called society,are likely to do."
"but do you not find it awkward sometimes?"
"not in the least.
i am never ashamed of knowing any one; and as inever assume a familiarity that does not exist, i never find itassumed towards me."
hugh found the advantage of falconer's sociology when he mentionedto miss talbot that he had been his guest that night.
"you should have sent us word, mr. sutherland," was all misstalbot's reply.
"i could not do so before you must have been all in bed.
i wassorry, but i could hardly help it."
miss talbot turned away into the kitchen.
the only other indicationof her feeling in the matter was, that she sent him up a cup ofdelicious chocolate for his lunch, before he set out for mr.appleditch's, where she had heard at the shop that he was going.
my reader must not be left to fear that i am about to give adetailed account of hugh's plans with these unpleasant littleimmortals, whose earthly nature sprang from a pair whose religionconsisted chiefly in negations, and whose main duty seemed to be tomake money in small sums, and spend it in smaller.
when he arrivedat buccleuch crescent, he was shown into the dining-room, into whichthe boys were separately dragged, to receive the first instalment ofthe mental legacy left them by their ancestors.
but the legacy-dutywas so heavy that they would gladly have declined paying it, evenwith the loss of the legacy itself; and hugh was dismayed at theimpossibility of interesting them in anything.
he tried tellingthem stories even, without success.
they stared at him, it is true;but whether there was more speculation in the open mouths, or in thefishy, overfed eyes, he found it impossible to determine.
he couldnot help feeling the riddle of providence in regard to the birth ofthese, much harder to read than that involved in the case of some ofthe little thieves whose acquaintance he had made, when withfalconer, the evening before.
but he did his best; and before thetime had expired -- two hours, namely, -- he had found out, to hissatisfaction, that the elder had a turn for sums, and the youngerfor drawing.
so he made use of these predilections to bribe them tothe exercise of their intellect upon less-favoured branches of humanaccomplishment.
he found the plan operate as well as it could havebeen expected to operate upon such material.
but one or two little incidents, relating to his intercourse withmrs. appleditch, i must not omit.
though a mother's love is moreready to purify itself than most other loves -- yet there is a classof mothers, whose love is only an extended, scarcely an expanded,selfishness.
mrs. appleditch did not in the least love her childrenbecause they were children, and children committed to her care bythe father of all children; but she loved them dearly because theywere her children.
one day hugh gave master appleditch a smart slap across the fingers,as the ultimate resource.
the child screamed as he well knew how.
his mother burst into the room.
"johnny, hold your tongue!"
"teacher's been and hurt me."
"hold your tongue, i say.
my head's like to split.
get out of theroom, you little ruffian!"
she seized him by the shoulders, and turned him out, administering abox on his ear that made the room ring.
then turning to hugh,"mr. sutherland, how dare you strike my child?"
"he required it, mrs. appleditch.
i did him no harm.
he will mindwhat i say another time."
"i will not have him touched.
to strike achild!"
she belonged to that class of humane parents who consider it cruelto inflict any corporal suffering upon children, except they do itthemselves, and in a passion.
johnnie behaved better after this,however; and the only revenge mrs. appleditch took for thisinterference with the dignity of her eldest born, and, consequently,with her own as his mother, was, that -- with the view, probably, ofimpressing upon hugh a due sense of the menial position he occupiedin her family -- she always paid him his fee of one shilling andsixpence every day before he left the house.
once or twice shecontrived accidentally that the sixpence should be in coppers.
hughwas too much of a philosopher, however, to mind this from such awoman.
i am afraid he rather enjoyed her spite; for he felt it didnot touch him, seeing it could not be less honourable to be paid bythe day than by the quarter or by the year.
certainly the copperswere an annoyance; but if the coppers could be carried, theannoyance could be borne.
the real disgust in the affair was, thathe had to meet and speak with a woman every day, for whom he couldfeel nothing but contempt and aversion.
hugh was not yet able tomingle with these feelings any of the leaven of that charity whichthey need most of all who are contemptible in the eye of theirfellows.
contempt is murder committed by the intellect, as hatredis murder committed by the heart.
charity having life in itself, isthe opposite and destroyer of contempt as well as of hatred.
after this, nothing went amiss for some time.
but it was verydreary work to teach such boys -- for the younger came in for the oddsixpence.
slow, stupid, resistance appeared to be the onlyprinciple of their behaviour towards him.
they scorned the man whomtheir mother despised and valued for the self-same reason, namely,that he was cheap.
they would have defied him had they dared, buthe managed to establish an authority over them -- and to increase it.
still, he could not rouse them to any real interest in theirstudies.
indeed, they were as near being little beasts as it waspossible for children to be.
their eyes grew dull at a story-book,but greedily bright at the sight of bull's eyes or toffee.
it wasthe same day after day, till he was sick of it.
no doubt they madesome progress, but it was scarcely perceptible to him.
through fogand fair, through frost and snow, through wind and rain, he trudgedto that wretched house.
no one minds the weather -- no youngscotchman, at least -- where any pleasure waits the close of thestruggle: to fight his way to misery was more than he could wellendure.
but his deliverance was nearer than he expected.
it wasnot to come just yet, however.
all went on with frightful sameness, till sundry doubtful symptomsof an alteration in the personal appearance of hugh havingaccumulated at last into a mass of evidence, forced the convictionupon the mind of the grocer's wife, that her tutor was actuallygrowing a beard.
could she believe her eyes?
she said she couldnot.
but she acted on their testimony notwithstanding; and one daysuddenly addressing hugh, said, in her usual cold, thin, cuttingfashion of speech:"mr. sutherland, i am astonished and grieved that you, a teacher ofbabes, who should set an example to them, should disguise yourselfin such an outlandish figure."
"what do you mean, mrs.
asked hugh, who, though he hadmade up his mind to follow the example of falconer, yet feltuncomfortable enough, during the transition period, to know quitewell what she meant.
"what do i mean, sir?
it is a shame for a man to let his beard growlike a monkey."
"but a monkey hasn't a beard," retorted hugh, laughing.
"man is theonly animal who has one."
this assertion, if not quite correct, was approximately so, and wentmuch nearer the truth than mrs. appleditch's argument.
"it's no joking matter, mr. sutherland, with my two darlings growingup to be ministers of the gospel."
both of them?"
but he said:"well, but you know, mrs. appleditch, the apostles themselves worebeards."
"yes, when they were jews.
but who would have believed them if theyhad preached the gospel like old clothesmen?
no, no, mr.sutherland, i see through all that.
my own uncle was a preacher ofthe word.
-- as soon as the apostles became christians, they shaved.
it was the sign of christianity.
the apostle paul himself saysthat cleanliness is next to godliness."
hugh restrained his laughter, and shifted his ground.
"but there is nothing dirty about them," he said.
now really, mr. sutherland, you provoke me.
nothingdirty in long hair all round your mouth, and going into it everyspoonful you take?"
"but it can be kept properly trimmed, you know."
"but who's to trust you to do that?
no, no, mr. sutherland; youmust not make a guy of yourself."
hugh laughed, and said nothing.
of course his beard would go ongrowing, for he could not help it.
so did mrs. appleditch's wrath.
wo keine götter sind, walten gespenster.
where gods are not, spectres rule.
ein charakter ist ein vollkommen gebildeter wille.
-- moralische ansichten.
a character is a perfectly formed will.
it was not long before hugh repeated his visit to falconer.
he wasnot at home.
he went again and again, but still failed in findinghim.
the day after the third failure, however, he received a notefrom falconer, mentioning an hour at which he would be at home onthe following evening.
falconer was waiting for him.
"i am very sorry.
i am out so much," said falconer.
"i ought to have taken the opportunity when i had it," replied hugh.
"i want to ask your help.
may i begin at the beginning, and tellyou all the story?
or must i epitomize and curtail it?"
"be as diffuse as you please.
i shall understand the thing thebetter."
so hugh began, and told the whole of his history, in as far as itbore upon the story of the crystal.
he ended with the words:"i trust, mr. falconer, you will not think that it is from a love oftalking that i have said so much about this affair."
it is a remarkable story.
i will think what can bedone.
meantime i will keep my eyes and ears open.
i may find thefellow.
tell me what he is like."
hugh gave as minute a description of the count as he could.
"i think i see the man," said falconer.
"i am pretty sure i shallrecognise him."
"have you any idea what he could want with the ring?"
"it is one of the curious coincidences which are always happening,"answered falconer, "that a newspaper of this very day would haveenabled me, without any previous knowledge of similar facts, to givea probably correct suggestion as to his object.
but you can judgefor yourself."
so saying, falconer went to a side-table, heaped up with books andpapers, maps, and instruments of various kinds, apparently intriumphant confusion.
without a moment's hesitation,notwithstanding, he selected the paper he wanted, and handed it tohugh, who read in it a letter to the editor, of which the followingis a portion: --"i have for over thirty years been in the habit of investigating thequestion by means of crystals.
and since 18--, i have possessed thecelebrated crystal, once belonging to lady blessington, in whichvery many persons, both children and adults, have seen visions ofthe spirits of the deceased, or of beings claiming to be such, andof numerous angels and other beings of the spiritual world.
thesehave in all cases supported the purest and most liberalchristianity.
the faculty of seeing in the crystal i have found toexist in about one person in ten among adults, and in nearly nine inevery ten among children; many of whom appear to lose the faculty asthey grow to adult age, unless they practise it continually."
"is it possible," said hugh, pausing, "that this can be a veritablepaper of to-day?
are there people to believe such things?"
"there are more fools in the world, mr. sutherland, than there arecrystals in its mountains."
hugh resumed his reading.
he came at length to this passage:"the spirits -- which i feel certain they are -- which appear, do nothesitate to inform us on all possible subjects which may tend toimprove our morals, and confirm our faith in the christiandoctrines...  the character they give of the class of spirits who arein the habit of communicating with mortals by rapping and suchproceedings, is such that it behoves all christian people to be ontheir guard against error and delusion through their means."
hugh had read this passage aloud.
"is not that a comfort, now, mr.
"for inall the reports which i have seen of the religious instructioncommunicated in that highly articulate manner, calvinism, high andlow, has predominated.
i strongly suspect the crystal phantoms ofarminianism, though.
fancy the old disputes of infant christendomperpetuated amongst the paltry ghosts of another realm!"
"but," said hugh, "i do not quite see how this is to help me, as tothe count's object in securing the ring; for certainly, howeverdeficient he may be in such knowledge, he is not likely to havecommitted the theft for the sake of instruction in the doctrines ofthe sects."
but such a crystal might be put to other, not to say better,uses.
besides, lady blessington's crystal might be a pious crystal;and the other which belonged to lady -- ""lady euphrasia."
"to lady euphrasia, might be a worldly crystal altogether.
thismight reveal demons and their counsels, while that was haunted bytheological angels and evangelical ghosts."
i should have thought, however, that the count hadbeen too much of a man of the world to believe such things."
"he might find his account in it, notwithstanding.
but no amount ofworld-wisdom can set a man above the inroads of superstition.
infact, there is but one thing that can free a man from superstition,and that is belief.
all history proves it.
the most sceptical haveever been the most credulous.
this is one of the best arguments forthe existence of something to believe."
"you remind me of a passage in my story which i omitted, asirrelevant to the matter in hand."
"do let me have it.
it cannot fail to interest me."
hugh gave a complete account of the experiments they had made withthe careering plate.
now the writing of the name of david elginbrodwas the most remarkable phenomenon of the whole, and hugh wascompelled, in responding to the natural interest of falconer, togive a description of david.
this led to a sketch of his ownsojourn at turriepuffit; in which the character of david came outfar more plainly than it could have come out in any description.
when he had finished, falconer broke out, as if he had beenhitherto restraining his wrath with difficulty:"and that was the man the creatures dared to personate!
i hate thewhole thing, sutherland.
it is full of impudence and irreverence.
perhaps the wretched beings may want another thousand years'damnation, because of the injury done to their character by thehomage of men who ought to know better."
"i do not quite understand you."
"i mean, that you ought to believe as easily that such a man as youdescribe is laughing with the devil and his angels, as that he wrotea copy at the order of a charlatan, or worse."
"but it could hardly be deception."
a man like him could not get through them withoutbeing recognised."
"i don't understand you.
"by swarms of low miserable creatures that so lament the loss oftheir beggarly bodies that they would brood upon them in the shapeof flesh-flies, rather than forsake the putrifying remnants.
afterthat, chair or table or anything that they can come into contactwith, possesses quite sufficient organization for such.
don't youremember that once, rather than have no body to go into, they creptinto the very swine?
there was a fine passion for self-embodimentand sympathy!
but the swine themselves could not stand it, andpreferred drowning."
"then you do think there was something supernatural in it?"
"nothing in the least.
it required no supernatural powers to beaware that a great man was dead, and that you had known him well.
it annoys me, sutherland, that able men, ay, and good men too,should consult with ghosts whose only possible superiority consistsin their being out of the body.
why should they be the wiser forthat?
i should as soon expect to gain wisdom by taking off myclothes, and to lose it by getting into bed; or to rise into theseventh heaven of spirituality by having my hair cut.
an impudentforgery of that good man's name!
if i were you, sutherland, i wouldhave nothing to do with such a low set.
they are the canaille ofthe other world.
it's of no use to lay hold on their skirts, forthey can't fly.
they're just like the vultures -- easy to catch,because they're full of garbage.
i doubt if they have moreintellect left than just enough to lie with.
-- i have been compelledto think a good deal about these things of late."
falconer put a good many questions to hugh, about euphra and herrelation to the count; and such was the confidence with which he hadinspired him, that hugh felt at perfect liberty to answer them allfully, not avoiding even the exposure of his own feelings, wherethat was involved by the story.
"now," said falconer, "i have material out of which to construct atheory.
the count is at present like a law of nature concerningwhich a prudent question is the first half of the answer, as lordbacon says; and you can put no question without having first formeda theory, however slight or temporary; for otherwise no questionwill suggest itself.
but, in the meantime, as i said before, i willmake inquiry upon the theory that he is somewhere in london,although i doubt it."
"then i will not occupy your time any longer at present," said hugh.
"could you say, without fettering yourself in the least, when imight be able to see you again?"
"let me see.
i will make an appointment with you.
-- next sunday;here; at ten o'clock in the morning.
make a note of it."
"there is no fear of my forgetting it.
my consolations are not sonumerous that i can afford to forget my sole pleasure.
you, ishould think, have more need to make a note of it than i, though iam quite willing to be forgotten, if necessary."
"i never forget my engagements," said falconer.
they parted, and hugh went home to his novel.
on a certain time the lady st. mary had commanded the lord jesus tofetch her some water out of the well.
and when he had gone to fetchthe water, the pitcher, when it was brought up full, brake.
butjesus, spreading his mantle, gathered up the water again, andbrought it in that to his mother.
-- the first (apocryphal) gospel ofthe infancy of jesus christ.
mrs. elton read prayers morning and evening; -- very elaboratecompositions, which would have instructed the apostles themselves inmany things they had never anticipated.
but, unfortunately, mrs.elton must likewise read certain remarks, in the form of a homily,intended to impress the scripture which preceded it upon the mindsof the listeners.
between the mortar of the homilist's faith, andthe dull blows of the pestle of his arrogance, the fair form oftruth was ground into the powder of pious small talk.
this resultwas not pleasant either to harry or to euphra.
euphra, with herlife threatening to go to ruin about her, was crying out for him whomade the soul of man, "who loved us into being,"2 and who alone canrenew the life of his children; and in such words as those ascoffing demon seemed to mock at her needs.
harry had the naturaldislike of all childlike natures to everything formal, exclusive,and unjust.
but, having received nothing of what is commonly calleda religious training, this advantage resulted from his newexperiences in mrs. elton's family, that a good direction was givento his thoughts by the dislike which he felt to such utterances.
more than this: a horror fell upon him lest these things should betrue; lest the mighty all of nature should be only a mechanism,without expression and without beauty; lest the god who made usshould be like us only in this, that he too was selfish and mean andproud; lest his ideas should resemble those that inhabit the brainof a retired money-maker, or of an arbitrary monarch claiming adivine right -- instead of towering as the heavens over the earth,above the loftiest moods of highest poet, most generous child, ormost devoted mother.
i do not mean that these thoughts took theseshapes in harry's mind; but that his feelings were such as mighthave been condensed into such thoughts, had his intellect been moremature.
one morning, the passage of scripture which mrs. elton read was thestory of the young man who came to jesus, and went away sorrowful,because the lord thought so well of him, and loved him so heartily,that he wanted to set him free from his riches.
a great portion ofthe homily was occupied with proving that the evangelist could notpossibly mean that jesus loved the young man in any pregnant senseof the word; but merely meant that jesus "felt kindly disposedtowards him" -- felt a poor little human interest in him, in fact, anddid not love him divinely at all.
harry's face was in a flame all the time she was reading.
when theservice was over -- and a bond service it was for euphra and him -- theyleft the room together.
as soon as the door was shut, he burst out:"i say, euphra!
wasn't that a shame?
they would have jesus as badas themselves.
we shall have somebody writing a book next to provethat after all jesus was a pharisee."
"never mind," said the heart-sore, sceptical euphra; "never mind,harry; it's all nonsense."
"no, it's not all nonsense.
jesus did love the young man.
ibelieve the story itself before all the doctors of divinity in theworld.
he loves all of us, he does -- with all his heart, too."
"i hope so," was all she could reply; but she was comforted byharry's vehement confession of faith.
euphra was so far softened, or perhaps weakened, by suffering, thatshe yielded many things which would have seemed impossible before.
one of these was that she went to church with mrs. elton, wherethat lady hoped she would get good to her soul.
harry of course wasnot left behind.
the church she frequented was a fashionable one,with a vicar more fashionable still; for had he left that church,more than half his congregation, which consisted mostly of ladies,would have left it also, and followed him to the ends of london.
hewas a middle-aged man, with a rubicund countenance, and a gentlefamiliarity of manner, that was exceedingly pleasing to thefashionable sheep who, conscious that they had wandered from thefold, were waiting with exemplary patience for the barouches andmail-phaetons of the skies to carry them back without the trouble ofwalking.
alas for them!
they have to learn that the chariots ofheaven are chariots of fire.
the sunday morning following the conversation i have just recorded,the clergyman's sermon was devoted to the illustration of thegreatness and condescension of the saviour.
after a certain amountof tame excitement expended upon the consideration of his power andkingdom, one passage was wound up in this fashion:"yes, my friends, even her most gracious majesty, queen victoria,the ruler over millions diverse in speech and in hue, to whom we alllook up with humble submission, and whom we acknowledge as oursovereign lady -- even she, great as she is, adds by her homage ajewel to his crown; and, hailing him as her lord, bows and rendershim worship!
yet this is he who comes down to visit, yea, dwellswith his own elect, his chosen ones, whom he has led back to thefold of his grace."
for some reason, known to himself, falconer had taken hugh, who hadgone to him according to appointment that morning, to this samechurch.
as they came out, hugh said:"mr. --- is quite proud of the honour done his master by the queen."
"i do not think," answered falconer, "that his master will think somuch of it; for he once had his feet washed by a woman that was asinner."
the homily which mrs. elton read at prayers that evening, bore uponthe same subject nominally as the chapter that preceded it -- that ofelection; a doctrine which in the bible asserts the fact of god'schoosing certain persons for the specific purpose of receivingfirst, and so communicating the gifts of his grace to the wholeworld; but which, in the homily referred to, was taken to mean thechoice of certain persons for ultimate salvation, to the exclusionof the rest.
they were sitting in silence after the close, whenharry started up suddenly, saying: "i don't want god to love me, ifhe does not love everybody;" and, bursting into tears, hurried outof the room.
mrs. elton was awfully shocked at his wickedness.
euphra, hastened after him; but he would not return, and wentsupperless to bed.
euphra, however, carried him some supper.
hesat up in bed and ate it with the tears in his eyes.
she kissedhim, and bade him good night; when, just as she was leaving theroom, he broke out with:"but only think, euphra, if it should be true!
i would rather nothave been made."
"it is not true," said euphra, in whom a faint glimmer of faith ingod awoke for the sake of the boy whom she loved -- awoke to comforthim, when it would not open its eyes for herself.
"no, harry dear,if there is a god at all, he is not like that."
"no, he can't be," said harry, vehemently, and with the brightnessof a sudden thought; "for if he were like that, he wouldn't be a godworth being; and that couldn't be, you know."
euphra knelt by her bedside, and prayed more hopefully than for manydays before.
she prayed that god would let her know that he was notan idol of man's invention.
till friendly sleep came, and untied the knot of care, both euphraand harry lay troubled with things too great for them.
even intheir sleep, the care would gather again, and body itself intodreams.
the first thought that visited harry when he awoke, was thememory of his dream: that he died and went to heaven; that heavenwas a great church just like the one mrs. elton went to, onlylarger; that the pews were filled with angels, so crowded togetherthat they had to tuck up their wings very close indeed -- and harrycould not help wondering what they wanted them for; that they wereall singing psalms; that the pulpit by a little change had beenconverted into a throne, on which sat god the father, looking verysolemn and severe; that jesus was seated in the reading-desk,looking very sad; and that the holy ghost sat on the clerk's desk,in the shape of a white dove; that a cherub, whose face reminded himvery much of a policeman he knew, took him by the shoulder fortrying to pluck a splendid green feather out of an archangel's wing,and led him up to the throne, where god shook his head at him insuch a dreadful way, that he was terrified, and then stretched outhis hand to lay hold on him; that he shrieked with fear; and thatjesus put out his hand and lifted him into the reading-desk, and hidhim down below.
and there harry lay, feeling so safe, stroking andkissing the feet that had been weary and wounded for him, till, inthe growing delight of the thought that he actually held those feet,he came awake and remembered it all.
truly it was a childish dream,but not without its own significance.
for surely the only refugefrom heathenish representations of god under christian forms, theonly refuge from man's blinding and paralysing theories, from thedead wooden shapes substituted for the living forms of human loveand hope and aspiration, from the interpretations which renderscripture as dry as a speech in chancery -- surely the one refuge fromall these awful evils is the son of man; for no misrepresentationand no misconception can destroy the beauty of that face which themarring of sorrow has elevated into the region of reality, beyondthe marring of irreverent speculation and scholastic definition.
from the god of man's painting, we turn to the man of god's being,and he leads us to the true god, the radiation of whose glory wefirst see in him.
happy is that man who has a glimpse of this, evenin a dream such as harry's!
-- a dream in other respects childish andincongruous, but not more absurd than the instruction whence itsprung.
but the troubles returned with the day.
prayers revived them.
hesought euphra in her room.
"they say i must repent and be sorry for my sins," said he.
"i havebeen trying very hard; but i can't think of any, except once that igave gog" (his welsh pony) "such a beating because he would go wherei didn't want him.
but he's forgotten it long ago; and i gave himtwo feeds of corn after it, and so somehow i can't feel very sorrynow.
what shall i do?
-- but that's not what i mind most.
it alwaysseems to me it would be so much grander of god to say: 'come along,never mind.
i'll make you good.
i can't wait till you are good; ilove you so much.'"
his own words were too much for harry, and he burst into tears atthe thought of god being so kind.
euphra, instead of trying tocomfort him, cried too.
thus they continued for some time, harrywith his head on her knees, and she kindly fondling it with herdistressed hands.
harry was the first to recover; for his was theapril time, when rain clears the heavens.
all at once he sprung tohis feet, and exclaimed:"only think, euphra!
what if, after all, i should find out that godis as kind as you are!"
how euphra's heart smote her!
"dear harry," answered she, "god must be a great deal kinder than iam.
i have not been kind to you at all."
"don't say that, euphra.
i shall be quite content if god is as kindas you."
i hope god is like what i dreamed about my mother lastnight."
"tell me what you dreamed about her, dear euphra."
"i dreamed that i was a little child -- ""were you a little girl when your mother died?"
"oh, yes; such a tiny!
but i can just remember her."
"tell me your dream, then."
"i dreamed that i was a little girl, out all alone on a wildmountain-moor, tripping and stumbling on my night-gown.
and thewind was so cold!
and, somehow or other, the wind was an enemy tome, and it followed and caught me, and whirled and tossed me about,and then ran away again.
then i hastened on, and the thorns wentinto my feet, and the stones cut them.
and i heard the blood fromthem trickling down the hill-side as i walked."
"then they would be like the feet i saw in my dream last night."
"whose feet were they?"
"tell me about it."
"you must finish yours first, please, euphra."
so euphra went on:"i got dreadfully lame.
and the wind ran after me, and caught meagain, and took me in his great blue ghostly arms, and shook meabout, and then dropped me again to go on.
but it was very hard togo on, and i couldn't stop; and there was no use in stopping, forthe wind was everywhere in a moment.
then suddenly i saw before mea great cataract, all in white, falling flash from a precipice; andi thought with myself, 'i will go into the cataract, and it willbeat my life out, and then the wind will not get me any more.'
so ihastened towards it, but the wind caught me many times before i gotnear it.
at last i reached it, and threw myself down into the basinit had hollowed out of the rocks.
but as i was falling, somethingcaught me gently, and held me fast, and it was not the wind.
iopened my eyes, and behold!
i was in my mother's arms, and she wasclasping me to her breast; for what i had taken for a cataractfalling into a gulf, was only my mother, with her whitegrave-clothes floating all about her, standing up in her grave, tolook after me.
'it was time you came home, my darling,' she said,and stooped down into her grave with me in her arms.
i wasso happy; and her bosom was not cold, or her arms hard, and shecarried me just like a baby.
and when she stooped down, then a dooropened somewhere in the grave, i could not find out whereexactly -- and in a moment after, we were sitting together in a summergrove, with the tree-tops steeped in sunshine, and waving about in aquiet loving wind -- oh, how different from the one that chased mehome!
-- and we underneath in the shadow of the trees.
and then isaid, 'mother, i've hurt my feet.'"
"did you call her mother when you were a little girl?"
"no," answered euphra.
"i called her mamma, like other children; butin my dreams i always call her mother."
"and what did she say?"
"she said -- 'poor child!'
-- and held my feet to her bosom; and afterthat, when i looked at them, the bleeding was all gone, and i wasnot lame any more."
euphra, paused with a sigh.
i do not like to be lame."
said harry, intent only on the dream.
then i was so happy, that i woke up directly."
"what a pity!
but if it should come true?"
"how could it come true, dear harry?"
"why, this world is sometimes cold, and the road is hard -- you knowwhat i mean, euphra."
"yes, i do."
"i wish i could dream dreams like that!
how clever you must be!"
"but you dream dreams, too, harry.
tell me yours."
"oh, no, i never dream dreams; the dreams dream me," answered harry,with a smile.
then he told his dream, to which euphra listened with an interestuninjured by the grotesqueness of its fancy.
each interpreted theother's with reverence.
they ceased talking; and sat silent for a while.
then harry,putting his arms round euphra's neck, and his lips close to her ear,whispered:"perhaps god will say my darling to you some day, euphra; just asyour mother did in your dream."
she was silent.
harry looked round into her face, and saw that thetears were flowing fast.
at that instant, a gentle knock came to the door.
euphra could notreply to it.
it was repeated.
after another moment's delay, thedoor opened, and margaret walked in.
how happy is he born and taught,  that serveth not another's will;whose armour is his honest thought,  and simple truth his utmost skill.
this man is freed from servile bands  of hope to rise or fear to fall:lord of himself, though not of lands,  and, having nothing, yet hath all.
sir henry wotton.
it was not often that falconer went to church; but he seemed to havesome design in going oftener than usual at present.
the sundayafter the one last mentioned, he went as well, though not to thesame church, and calling for hugh took him with him.
what theyfound there, and the conversation following thereupon, i will try torelate, because, although they do not immediately affect my outwardstory, they greatly influenced hugh's real history.
they heard the morning service and the litany read in an ordinarymanner, though somewhat more devoutly than usual.
then, from thecommunion-table, rose a voice vibrating with solemn emotion, likethe voice of abraham pleading for sodom.
it thrilled through hugh'sheart.
the sermon which followed affected him no less, although,when he came out, he confessed to falconer that he had only caughtflying glimpses of its meaning, scope, and drift.
"i seldom go to church," said falconer; "but when i do, i come here:and always feel that i am in the presence of one of the holyservants of god's great temple not made with hands.
i heartilytrust that man.
he is what he seems to be."
"they say he is awfully heterodox."
"how then can he remain in the church, if he is as honest as yousay?"
"in this way, as i humbly venture to think," falconer answered.
"helooks upon the formulæ of the church as utterances of livingtruth -- vital embodiments -- to be regarded as one ought to regardhuman faces.
in these human faces, others may see this or thatinferior expression, may find out the mean and the small and theincomplete: he looks for and finds the ideal; the grand, sacred,god-meant meaning; and by that he holds as the meaning of the humancountenances, for it is the meaning of him who made them.
so withthe confession of the church of england: he believes that not manonly, but god also, and god first and chief, had to do with themaking of it; and therefore he looks in it for the eternal and thedivine, and he finds what he seeks.
and as no words can avoidbearing in them the possibility of a variety of interpretations, hewould exclude whatever the words might mean, or, regarded merely aswords, do mean, in a narrow exposition: he thinks it would bedishonest to take the low meaning as the meaning.
to return to thefaces: he passes by moods and tempers, and beholds the maincharacter -- that on whose surface the temporal and transient floats.
both in faces and in formulæ he loves the divine substance, withhis true, manly, brave heart; and as for the faults in both -- forman, too, has his share in both -- i believe he is ready to die bythem, if only in so doing he might die for them.
-- i had a vision ofhim this morning as i sat and listened to his voice, which alwaysseems to me to come immediately from his heart, as if his heartspoke with lips of its own.
shall i tell you my vision?
--"i saw a crowd -- priests and laymen -- speeding, hurrying, dartingaway, up a steep, crumbling height.
mitres, hoods, and hats rolledbehind them to the bottom.
every one for himself, with hands andfeet they scramble and flee, to save their souls from the fires ofhell which come rolling in along the hollow below with the forward'pointing spires' of billowy flame.
but beneath, right in thecourse of the fire, stands one man upon a little rock which goesdown to the centre of the great world, and faces the approachingflames.
he stands bareheaded, his eyes bright with faith in god,and the mighty mouth that utters his truth, fixed in holy defiance.
his denial comes from no fear, or weak dislike to that which ispainful.
on neither side will he tell lies for peace.
he is readyto be lost for his fellow-men.
in the name of god he rebukes theflames of hell.
the fugitives pause on the top, look back, call himlying prophet, and shout evil opprobrious names at the man whocounts not his own life dear to him, who has forgotten his own soulin his sacred devotion to men, who fills up what is left behind ofthe sufferings of christ, for his body's sake -- for the human race,of which he is the head.
be sure that, come what may of the rest,let the flames of hell ebb or flow, that man is safe, for he isdelivered already from the only devil that can make hell itself atorture, the devil of selfishness -- the only one that can possess aman and make himself his own living hell.
he is out of all thatregion of things, and already dwelling in the secret place of thealmighty."
"go on, go on."
"he trusts in god so absolutely, that he leaves his salvation tohim -- utterly, fearlessly; and, forgetting it, as being no concern ofhis, sets himself to do the work that god has given him to do, evenas his lord did before him, counting that alone worthy of his care.
let god's will be done, and all is well.
if god's will be done, hecannot fare ill.  to him, god is all in all.
if it be possible toseparate such things, it is the glory of god, even more than thesalvation of men, that he seeks.
he will not have it that hisfather in heaven is not perfect.
he believes entirely that godloves, yea, is love; and, therefore, that hell itself must besubservient to that love, and but an embodiment of it; that thegrand work of justice is to make way for a love which will give toevery man that which is right and ten times more, even if it shouldbe by means of awful suffering -- a suffering which the love of thefather will not shun, either for himself or his children, but willeagerly meet for their sakes, that he may give them all that is inhis heart."
"surely you speak your own opinions in describing thus warmly thefaith of the preacher."
he is accountable for nothing i say.
all i assert is, thatthis is how i seem to myself to succeed in understanding him."
"how is it that so many good people call him heterodox?"
"i do not mind that.
i am annoyed only when good-hearted people,with small natures and cultivated intellects, patronise him, andtalk forgivingly of his warm heart and unsound judgment.
to these,theology must be like a map -- with plenty of lines in it.
theycannot trust their house on the high table-land of his theology,because they cannot see the outlines bounding the said table-land.
it is not small enough for them.
they cannot take it in.
such canhardly be satisfied with the creation, one would think, seeing thereis no line of division anywhere in it.
they would take care thereshould be no mistake."
"does god draw no lines, then?"
"when he does, they are pure lines, without breadth, andconsequently invisible to mortal eyes; not chinese walls ofseparation, such as these definers would construct.
such minds areà priori incapable of theorising upon his theories.
or, to alterthe figure, they will discover a thousand faults in his drawing, butthey can never behold the figure constructed by his lines, andcontaining the faults which they believe they discover."
"but can those theories in religion be correct which are so hard tosee?"
"they are only hard to certain natures."
"but those natures are above the average."
"yes, in intellect and its cultivation -- nothing more."
"you have granted them heart."
"not much; but what there is, good."
"that is allowing a great deal, though.
is it not hard then to saythat such cannot understand him?"
they will get to heaven, which is all they want.
and theywill understand him one day, which is more than they pray for.
tillthey have done being anxious about their own salvation, we mustforgive them that they can contemplate with calmness the damnationof a universe, and believe that god is yet more indifferent thanthey."
"but do they not bring the charges likewise against you, of beingunable to understand them?"
and so it must remain, till the spirit of god decide thematter, which i presume must take place by slow degrees.
for thisdecision can only consist in the enlightenment of souls to see thetruth; and therefore has to do with individuals only.
there is notriumph for the truth but that.
she knows no glorying over thevanquished, for in her victory the vanquished is already of thevanquishers.
till then, the right must be content to be called thewrong, and -- which is far harder -- to seem the wrong.
there is nospiritual victory gained by a verbal conquest; or by any kind oftorture, even should the rack employed be that of the purest logic.
nay more: so long as the wicked themselves remain impenitent, thereis mourning in heaven; and when there is no longer any hope over onelast remaining sinner, heaven itself must confess its defeat, heapupon that sinner what plagues you will."
hugh pondered, and continued pondering till they reached falconer'schambers.
at the door hugh paused.
"will you not come in?"
"i fear i shall become troublesome."
"no fear of that.
i promise to get rid of you as soon as i find youso."
just let me know when you have had enough of me."
mrs. ashton, who, unlike her class, was never missingwhen wanted, got them some bread and cheese; and falconer'sfortunatus-purse of a cellar -- the bottom of his cupboard -- suppliedits usual bottle of port; to which fare the friends sat down.
the conversation, like a bird descending in spirals, settled at lastupon the subject which had more or less occupied hugh's thoughtsever since his unsatisfactory conversation with funkelstein, attheir first meeting; and still more since he had learned that thisman himself exercised an unlawful influence over euphra.
he beggedfalconer, if he had any theory comprehending such things, to let himknow what kind of a relation it was, in which miss cameron stood tofunkelstein, or count von halkar.
"i have had occasion to think a good deal about those things," saidfalconer.
"the first thing evident is, that miss cameron ispeculiarly constituted, belonging to a class which is, however,larger than is commonly supposed, circumstances rarely combining tobring out its peculiarities.
in those who constitute this class,the nervous element, either from preponderating, or from not beingin healthy and harmonious combination with the more materialelement, manifests itself beyond its ordinary sphere of operation,and so occasions results unlike the usual phenomena of life, though,of course, in accordance with natural laws.
to use a simile: it is,in such cases, as if all the nerves of the human body came crowdingto the surface, and there exposed themselves to a thousandinfluences, from which they would otherwise be preserved.
of coursei am not attempting to explain, only to suggest a conceivablehypothesis.
upon such constitutions, it would not be surprisingthat certain other constitutions, similar, yet differing, shouldexercise a peculiar influence.
you are, i dare say, more or lessfamiliar with the main features of mesmerism and its allies, amongwhich is what is called biology.
i presume it is on suchconstitutions as i have supposed, that those powers are chieflyoperative.
miss cameron has, at some time or other in her history,submitted herself to the influences of this count halkar; and he hasthus gained a most dangerous authority over her, which he hasexercised for his own ends."
"she more than implied as much in the last conversation i had withher."
"so his will became her law.
there is in the world of mind asomething corresponding to physical force in the material world.
-- icannot avoid just touching upon a higher analogy.
the kingdom ofheaven is not come, even when god's will is our law: it is come whengod's will is our will.
while god's will is our law, we are but akind of noble slaves; when his will is our will, we are freechildren.
nothing in nature is free enough to be a symbol for thestate of those who act immediately from the essence of their hiddenlife, and the recognition of god's will as that essence.
but, as isaid, this belongs to a far higher region.
i only wanted to touchon the relation of the freedoms -- physical, mental, and spiritual.
to return to the point in hand: i recognise in the story a clearevidence of strife and partial victory in the affair of the ring.
the count -- we will call him by the name he gives himself -- hadevidently been anxious for years to possess himself of this ring:the probable reasons we have already talked of.
he had laid hisinjunctions on his slave to find it for him; and she, perhaps atfirst nothing loath, perhaps loving the man as well as submitting tohim, had for a long time attempted to find it, but had failed.
thecount, probably doubting her sincerity, and hoping, at all events,to urge her search, followed her to arnstead, where it is verylikely he had been before, although he had avoided mr. arnold.
judging it advantageous to get into the house, in order to makeobservations, he employed his chance meeting with you to thatresult.
but, before this, he had watched miss cameron's familiaritywith you -- was jealous and tyrannical.
hence the variations of herconduct to you; for when his power was upon her, she could not do asshe pleased.
but she must have had a real regard for you; for sheevidently refused to get you into trouble by taking the ring fromyour custody.
but my surprise is that the fellow limited himself tothat one jewel."
"you may soon be relieved from that surprise," answered hugh: "hetook a valuable diamond of mine as well."
we may catch him, but you are not likely to find yourdiamond again.
still, there is some possibility."
"how do you know she was not willing to take it from me?"
"because, by her own account, he had to destroy her power ofvolition entirely, before he could make her do it.
he threw herinto a mesmeric sleep."
"i should like to understand his power over her a little better.
insuch cases of biology -- how they came to abuse the word, i shouldlike to know -- ""just as they call table-rapping, &c., spiritualism."
"i suppose his relation to her must be classed amongst phenomena ofthat sort?"
"well, tell me, does the influence outlast the mesmeric condition?"
"if by mesmeric condition you mean any state evidently approachingto that of sleep -- undoubtedly.
it is, in many cases, quiteindependent of such a condition.
perhaps the degree of willingsubmission at first, may have something to do with it.
but mesmericinfluence, whatever it may mean, is entirely independent of sleep.
that is an accident accompanying it, perhaps sometimes indicatingits culmination."
"does the person so influenced act with or against his will?"
"that is a most difficult question, involving others equallydifficult.
my own impression is, that the patient -- for patient in avery serious sense he is -- acts with his inclination, and often withhis will; but in many cases with his inclination against his will.
this is a very important distinction in morals, but oftenoverlooked.
when a man is acting with his inclination, his will isin abeyance.
in our present imperfect condition, it seems to methat the absolute will has no opportunity of pure action, ofoperating entirely as itself, except when working in opposition toinclination.
but to return: the power of the biologist appears tome to lie in this -- he is able, by some mysterious sympathy, toproduce in the mind of the patient such forceful impulses to dowhatever he wills, that they are in fact irresistible to almost allwho are obnoxious to his influence.
the will requires an especialtraining and a distinct development, before it is capable of actingwith any degree of freedom.
the men who have undergone this arevery few indeed; and no one whose will is not educated as well, can,if subjected to the influences of biology, resist the impulsesroused in his passive brain by the active brain of the operator.
this at least is my impression.
"other things no doubt combined to increase the influence in thepresent case.
she liked him, perhaps more than liked him once.
shewas partially committed to his schemes; and she was easilymesmerised.
it would seem, besides, that she was naturally disposedto somnambulism.
this is a remarkable co-existence of distinctdevelopments of the same peculiarity.
in this latter condition,even if in others she were able to resist him, she would be quitehelpless; for all the thoughts that passed through her brain wouldowe their origin to his.
-- imagine being forced to think anotherman's thoughts!
that would be possession indeed!
and this is notfar removed from the old stories about the demons entering into aman.
-- he would be ruler over the whole intellectual life that passedin her during the time; and which to her, as far as the ideassuggested belonged to the outward world, would appear an outer life,passing all round her, not in her.
she would, in fact, be acreature of his imagination for the time, as much as any characterinvented, and sent through varied circumstances, feelings, andactions, by the mind of the poet or novelist.
look at the facts.
she warned you to beware of the count that night before you wentinto the haunted bed-chamber.
even when she entered it, by your ownaccount -- ""entered it?
then you do think it was euphra who personated theghost?"
"i am sure of it.
she was sleep-walking."
"but so different -- such a death-like look!"
"all that was easy enough to manage.
she refused to obey him atfirst.
he mesmerized her.
it very likely went farther than heexpected; and he succeeded too well.
experienced, no doubt, indisguises, he dressed her as like the dead lady euphrasia as hecould, following her picture.
perhaps she possessed such adisguise, and had used it before.
he thus protected her fromsuspicion, and himself from implication.
-- what was the colour of thehair in the picture?"
"hence the sparkle of gold-dust in her hair.
the count managed itall.
he willed that she should go, and she went.
her disguise wascertain safety, should she be seen.
you would suspect the ghost andno one else if she appeared to you, and you lost the ring after.
but even in this state she yielded against her better inclination,for she was weeping when you saw her.
but she could not help it.
while you lay on the couch in the haunted chamber, where he carriedyou, the awful death-ghost was busy in your room, was opening yourdesk, fingering your papers, and stealing your ring.
it is rather afrightful idea."
"she did not take my ring, i am sure.
he followed her, and tookit.
-- but she could not have come in at either door -- ""could not?
did she not go out at one of them?
besides, i do notdoubt that such a room as that had private communication with theopen air as well.
i should much like to examine the place."
"but how could she have gone through the bolted door then?"
"that door may have been set in another, larger by half the frame orso, and opening with a spring and concealed hinges.
there is nodifficulty about that.
there are such places to be found now andthen in old houses.
but, indeed, if you will excuse me, i do notconsider your testimony, on every minute particular, quitesatisfactory."
asked hugh, rather offended.
"first, because of the state of excitement you must have been in;and next, because i doubt the wine that was left in your room.
thecount no doubt knew enough of drugs to put a few ghostly horrorsinto the decanter.
but poor miss cameron!
the horrors he has putinto her mind and life!
it is a sad fate -- all but a sentence ofinsanity."
hugh sprang to his feet.
he cried, "i will strangle the knave."
leave him to the sleepingdivinity within him, which will awake one day, and complete the hellthat he is now building for himself -- for the very fire of hell isthe divine in it.
your work is to set euphra free.
if you didstrangle him, how do you know if that would free her from him?"
-- have you no news of him?"
"what, then, can i do for her?"
"you must teach her to foil him."
"how am i to do that?
even if i knew how, i cannot see her, icannot speak to her."
"i have a great faith in opportunity."
"but how should she foil him?"
"she must pray to god to redeem her fettered will -- to strengthen herwill to redeem herself.
she must resist the count, should he againclaim her submission (as, for her sake, i hope he will), as shewould the devil himself.
she must overcome.
then she will befree -- not before.
this will be very hard to do.
his power has beenexcessive and peculiar, and her submission long and complete.
evenif he left her alone, she would not therefore be free.
she mustdefy him; break his bonds; oppose his will; assert her freedom; anddefeat him utterly."
who will help her?
i have no power.
even if i were with her,i could not help her in such a struggle.
i wish david were notdead.
he was the man.
-- you could now, mr.
except i knew her, had known her for some time, and had astrong hold of all her nature, i could not, would not try to helpher.
if providence brought this about, i would do my best; butotherwise i would not interfere.
but if she pray to god, he willgive her whatever help she needs, and in the best way, too."
"i think it would be some comfort to her if we could find thering -- the crystal, i mean."
"it would be more, i think, if we could find the diamond."
"how can we find either?"
"we must find the count first.
i have not given that up, of course.
i will tell you what i should like to do, if i knew the lady."
"get her to come to london, and make herself as public as possible:go to operas and balls, and theatres; be presented at court; take astall at every bazaar, and sell charity puff-balls -- get as much intothe papers as possible.
'the lovely, accomplished, fascinating misscameron, &c., &c.'""what do you mean?"
"i will tell you what i mean.
the count has forsaken her now; butas soon as he heard that she was somebody, that she was followed andadmired, his vanity would be roused, his old sense of property inher would revive, and he would begin once more to draw her into histoils.
what the result would be, it is impossible to foretell; butit would at least give us a chance of catching him, and her a chanceof resisting him."
"i don't think, however, that she would venture on that courseherself.
i should not dare to propose it to her."
it was only an invention, to deceive myself with the fancythat i was doing something.
there would be many objections to sucha plan, even if it were practicable.
i must still try to find him,and if fresh endeavours should fail, devise fresher still."
"thank you a thousand times," said hugh.
"it is too good of you totake so much trouble."
"it is my business," answered falconer.
"is there not a soul introuble?"
hugh went home, full of his new friend.
with the clue he had givenhim, he was able to follow all the windings of euphra's behaviour,and to account for almost everything that had taken place.
it wasquite painful to him to feel that he could be of no immediateservice to her; but he could hardly doubt that, before long,falconer would, in his wisdom and experience, excogitate some modeof procedure in which he might be able to take a part.
he sat down to his novel, which had been making but little progressfor some time; for it is hard to write a novel when one is living inthe midst of a romance.
but the romance, at this time, was not veryclose to him.
it had a past and a possible future, but no present.
that same future, however, might at any moment dawn into thepresent.
in the meantime, teaching the latin grammar and the english alphabetto young aspirants after the honours of the ministry, was not workinimical to invention, from either the exhaustion of its excitementor the absorption of its interest.
her yellow hair, beyond compare,  comes trinkling down her swan-white neck;and her two eyes, like stars in skies,  would keep a sinking ship frae wreck.
mally's meek, mally's sweet,  mally's modest and discreet;mally's rare, mally's fair,  mally's every way complete.
what arms for innocence but innocence.
margaret had sought euphra's room, with the intention of restoringto her the letter which she had written to david elginbrod.
janethad let it lie for some time before she sent it to margaret; andeuphra had given up all expectation of an answer.
hopes of ministration filled margaret's heart; but she expected,from what she knew of her, that anger would be miss cameron's firstfeeling.
therefore, when she heard no answer to her application foradmission, and had concluded, in consequence, that euphra was not inthe room, she resolved to leave the letter where it would meet hereye, and thus prepare the way for a future conversation.
when shesaw euphra and harry, she would have retired immediately; buteuphra, annoyed by her entrance, was now quite able to speak.
"what do you want?"
she said angrily.
"this is your letter, miss cameron, is it not?"
said margaret,advancing with it in her hand.
euphra took it, glanced at the direction, pushed harry away fromher, started up in a passion, and let loose the whole gatheredirritability of contempt, weariness, disappointment, and suffering,upon margaret.
her dark eyes flashed with rage, and her sallowcheek glowed like a peach.
"what right have you, pray, to handle my letters?
how did you getthis?
it has never been posted!
and open, too.
isuppose you have read it?"
margaret was afraid of exciting more wrath before she had anopportunity of explaining; but euphra gave her no time to think of areply.
"you have read it, you shameless woman!
why don't you lie, like therest of your tribe, and keep me from dying with indignation?
my maid never posted it, and you have found itand read it!
pray, did you hope to find a secret worth a bribe?"
she advanced on margaret till within a foot of her.
"why don't you answer, you hussy?
i will go this instant to yourmistress.
you or i leave the house."
margaret had stood all this time quietly, waiting for an opportunityto speak.
her face was very pale, but perfectly still, and her eyesdid not quail.
she had not in the least lost her self-possession.
she would not say at once that she had read the letter, becausethat would instantly rouse the tornado again.
"you do not know my name, miss cameron; of course you could not."
what is that to me?"
"that," said margaret, pointing to the letter, "is my father'sname."
euphra looked at her own direction again, and then looked atmargaret.
she was so bewildered, that if she had any thoughts, shedid not know them.
margaret went on:"my father is dead.
my mother sent the letter to me."
"then you have had the impertinence to read it!"
"it was my duty to read it."
what business had you with it?"
euphra felt ashamed of the letter as soon as she found that she hadapplied to a man whose daughter was a servant.
margaret answered:"i could at least reply to it so far, that the writer should notthink my father had neglected it.
i did not know who it was fromtill i came to the end."
euphra turned her back on her, with the words:"you may go."
margaret walked out of the room with an unconscious statelygentleness.
"come back," cried euphra.
"of course you will tell all your fellow-servants the contents ofthis foolish letter."
margaret's face flushed, and her eye flashed, at the first words ofthis speech; but the last words made her forget the first, and tothem only she replied.
her hands, she said:"dear miss cameron, do not call it foolish.
for god's sake, do notcall it foolish."
"what is it to you?
do you think i am going to make a confidante ofyou?"
margaret again left the room.
notwithstanding that she had made noanswer to her insult, euphra felt satisfied that her letter was safefrom profanation.
no sooner was margaret out of sight, than, with the reaction commonto violent tempers, which in this case resulted the sooner, from theexhaustion produced in a worn frame by the violence of the outburst,euphra sat down, in a hopeless, unresting way, upon the chair fromwhich she had just risen, and began weeping more bitterly thanbefore.
she was not only exhausted, but ashamed; and to thesefeelings was added a far greater sense of disappointment than shecould have believed possible, at the frustration of the hope of helpfrom david elginbrod.
true, this hope had been small; but wherethere is only one hope, its death is equally bitter, whether it be agreat or a little hope.
and there is often no power of reaction, ina mind which has been gradually reduced to one little faint hope,when that hope goes out in darkness.
there is a recoil which isvery helpful, from the blow that kills a great hope.
all this time harry had been looking on, in a kind of paralysedcondition, pale with perplexity and distress.
he now came up toeuphra, and, trying to pull her hand gently from her face, said:"what is it all about, euphra, dear?"
i have been very naughty, harry."
"but what is it all about?
may i read the letter?"
"if you like," answered euphra, listlessly.
harry read the letter with quivering features.
then, laying it downon the table with a reverential slowness, went to euphra, put hisarms round her and kissed her.
"dear, dear euphra, i did not know you were so unhappy.
i will findgod for you.
but first i will -- what shall i do to the bad man?
i will --"harry finished the sentence by setting his teeth hard.
you can't do anything for me, harry, dear.
only mind you don'tsay anything about it to any one.
put the letter in the fire therefor me."
"no -- that i won't," said harry, taking up the letter, and holding ittight.
"it is a beautiful letter, and it does me good.
don't youthink, though it is not sent to god himself, he may read it, andtake it for a prayer?"
"i wish he would, harry."
"but it was very wrong of you, euphra, dear, to speak as you did tothe daughter of such a good man."
"yes, it was."
"but then, you see, you got angry before you knew who she was."
"but i shouldn't have got angry before i knew all about it."
"well, you have only to say you are sorry, and margaret won't thinkanything more about it.
oh, she is so good!"
euphra recoiled from making confession of wrong to a lady's maid;and, perhaps, she was a little jealous of harry's admiration ofmargaret.
for euphra had not yet cast off all her old habits ofmind, and one of them was the desire to be first with every one whomshe cared for.
she had got rid of a worse, which was, a necessityof being first in every company, whether she cared for the personscomposing it, or not.
mental suffering had driven the latter farenough from her; though it would return worse than ever, if her mindwere not filled with truth in the place of ambition.
so she did notrespond to what harry said.
indeed, she did not speak again, exceptto beg him to leave her alone.
she did not make her appearanceagain that day.
but at night, when the household was retiring, she rose from the bedon which she had been lying half-unconscious, and going to the door,opened it a little way, that she might hear when margaret shouldpass from mrs. elton's room towards her own.
she waited for sometime; but judging, at length, that she must have passed without herknowledge, she went and knocked at her door.
margaret opened it alittle, after a moment's delay, half-undressed.
"may i come in, margaret?"
"pray, do, miss cameron," answered margaret.
and she opened the door quite.
her cap was off, and her rich darkhair fell on her shoulders, and streamed thence to her waist.
herunder-clothing was white as snow.
"what a lovely skin she has!"
thought euphra, comparing it with herown tawny complexion.
she felt, for the first time, that margaretwas beautiful -- yes, more: that whatever her gown might be, her formand her skin (give me a prettier word, kind reader, for a beautifulfact, and i will gladly use it) were those of one of nature'sladies.
she was soon to find that her intellect and spirit werethose of one of god's ladies.
"i am very sorry, margaret, that i spoke to you as i did today."
"never mind it, miss cameron.
we cannot help being angry sometimes.
and you had great provocation under the mistake you made.
i wasonly sorry because i knew it would trouble you afterwards.
pleasedon't think of it again."
"you are very kind, margaret."
"i regretted my father's death, for the first time, after readingyour letter, for i knew he could have helped you.
but it was veryfoolish of me, for god is not dead."
margaret smiled as she said this, looking full in euphra's eyes.
itwas a smile of meaning unfathomable, and it quite overcame euphra.
she had never liked margaret before; for, from not very obscurepsychological causes, she had never felt comfortable in herpresence, especially after she had encountered the nun in theghost's walk, though she had had no suspicion that the nun wasmargaret.
a great many of our dislikes, both to persons and things,arise from a feeling of discomfort associated with them, perhapsonly accidentally present in our minds the first time we met them.
but this vanished entirely now.
"do you, then, know god too, margaret?"
"yes," answered margaret, simply and solemnly.
"will you tell me about him?"
"i can at least tell you about my father, and what he taught me."
thank you, thank you!
do tell me about him -- now."
"not now, dear miss cameron.
it is late, and you are too unwell tostay up longer.
let me help you to bed to-night.
i will be yourmaid."
as she spoke, margaret proceeded to put on her dress again, that shemight go with euphra, who had no attendant.
she had parted withjane, and did not care, in her present mood, to have a woman abouther, especially a new one.
you have enough to do without adding me to yourtroubles."
"please, do let me, miss cameron.
it will be a great pleasure tome.
i have hardly anything to call work.
you should see how i usedto work when i was at home."
euphra still objected, but margaret's entreaty prevailed.
shefollowed euphra to her room.
there she served her like aministering angel; brushed her hair -- oh, so gently!
smoothing it outas if she loved it.
there was health in the touch of her hands,because there was love.
she undressed her; covered her in bed as ifshe had been a child; made up the fire to last as long as possible;bade her good night; and was leaving the room, when euphra calledher.
margaret returned to the bed-side.
"kiss me, margaret," she said.
margaret stooped, kissed her forehead and her lips, and left her.
euphra cried herself to sleep.
they were the first tears she hadever shed that were not painful tears.
she slept as she had notslept for months.
in order to understand this change in euphrasia's behaviour tomargaret -- in order, in fact, to represent it to our minds as at allcredible -- we must remember that she had been trying to do right forsome time; that margaret, as the daughter of david, seemed the onlyattainable source of the knowledge she sought; that long illness hadgreatly weakened her obstinacy; that her soul hungered, withoutknowing it, for love; and that she was naturally gifted with astrong will, the position in which she stood in relation to thecount proving only that it was not strong enough, and not that itwas weak.
such a character must, for any good, be ruled by itself,and not by circumstances.
to have been overcome in the process oftime by the persistent goodness of margaret, might have been theblessed fate of a weaker and worse woman; but if euphra did notovercome herself, there was no hope of further victory.
if margaretcould even wither the power of her oppressor, it would be but totransfer the lordship from a bad man to a good woman; and that wouldnot be enough.
it would not be freedom.
and indeed, the aid thatmargaret had to give her, could only be bestowed on one who alreadyhad freedom enough to act in some degree from duty.
she knew sheought to go and apologize to margaret.
in margaret's presence, and in such a mood, she was subjected atonce to the holy enchantment of her loving-kindness.
she had neverreceived any tenderness from a woman before.
perhaps she had neverbeen in the right mood to profit by it if she had.
nor had she everbefore seen what margaret was.
it was only when service -- divineservice -- flowed from her in full outgoing, that she reached theheight of her loveliness.
then her whole form was beautiful.
sowas it interpenetrated by, and respondent to, the uprising soulwithin, that it radiated thought and feeling as if it had been allspirit.
this beauty rose to its best in her eyes.
when she wasministering to any one in need, her eyes seemed to worship theobject of her faithfulness, as if all the time she felt that she wasdoing it unto him.
her deeds were devotion.
she was the receiverand not the giver.
before this, euphra had seen only the stillwaiting face; and, as i have said, she had been repelled by it.
once within the sphere of the radiation of her attraction, she wasdrawn towards her, as towards the haven of her peace: she loved her.
to this, at length, had her struggle with herself in the silence ofher own room, and her meditations on her couch, conducted her.
shall we say that these alone had been and were leading her?
orthat to all these there was a hidden root, and an informing spirit?
who would not rather believe that his thoughts come from aninfinite, self-sphered, self-constituting thought, than that theyrise somehow out of a blank abyss of darkness, and are only thoughtwhen he thinks them, which thinking he cannot pre-determine or evenforesee?
when euphra woke, her first breath was like a deep draught ofspiritual water.
she felt as if some sorrow had passed from her,and some gladness come in its stead.
she thought and thought, andfound that the gladness was margaret.
she had scarcely made thediscovery, when the door gently opened, and margaret peeped in tosee if she were awake.
"may i come in?"
"yes, please, margaret."
"how do you feel to-day?"
"oh, so much better, dear margaret!
your kindness will make mewell."
"i am so glad!
do lie still awhile, and i will bring you somebreakfast.
mrs. elton will be so pleased to find you let me wait onyou!"
"she asked me, margaret, if you should; but i was too miserable -- andtoo naughty, for i did not like you."
"i knew that; but i felt sure you would not dislike me always."
"because i could not help loving you."
"why did you love me?"
"i will tell you half the reason.
-- because you looked unhappy."
"what was the other half?"
"that i cannot -- i mean i will not tell you."
but i don't know.
-- not now."
"then i must not ask you?"
"no -- please."
"very well, i won't."
i will go and get your breakfast."
"what can she mean?"
said euphra to herself.
but she would never have found out.
he being dead yet speaketh.
4.     in all 'he' didsome figure of the golden times was hid.
from this time, margaret waited upon euphra, as if she had been herown maid.
nor had mrs. elton any cause of complaint, for margaretwas always at hand when she was wanted.
indeed, her mistress wasfull of her praises.
euphra said little.
many and long were the conversations between the two girls, when allbut themselves were asleep.
sometimes harry made one of thecompany; but they could always send him away when they wished to bealone.
and now the teaching for which euphra had longed, sprang ina fountain at her own door.
it had been nigh her long, and she hadnot known it, for its hour had not come.
now she drank as only thethirsty drink, -- as they drink whose very souls are fainting withinthem for drought.
but how did margaret embody her lessons?
the second night, she came to euphra's room, and said:"shall i tell you about my father to-night?
are, you able?"
euphra was delighted.
it was what she had been hoping for all day.
"do tell me.
i long to hear about him."
so they sat down; and margaret began to talk about her childhood;the cottage she lived in; the fir-wood all around it; the work sheused to do; -- her side, in short, of the story which, in thecommencement of this book, i have partly related from hugh's side.
summer and winter, spring-time and harvest, storm and sunshine, allcame into the tale.
her mother came into it often; and often too,though not so often, the grand form of her father appeared, remainedfor a little while, and then passed away.
every time euphra saw himthus in the mirror of margaret's memory, she saw him more clearlythan before: she felt as if, soon, she should know him quite well.
sometimes she asked a question or two; but generally she allowedmargaret's words to flow unchecked; for she painted her picturesbetter when the colours did not dry between.
they talked on, orrather, margaret talked and euphra listened, far into the night.
atlength, margaret stopped suddenly, for she became aware that a longtime had passed.
looking at the clock on the chimney-piece, shesaid:"i have done wrong to keep you up so late.
come -- i must get you tobed.
you are an invalid, you know, and i am your nurse as well asyour maid."
"you will come to-morrow night, then?"
"yes, i will."
"then i will go to bed like a good child."
margaret undressed her, and left her to the healing of sleep.
the next night she spoke again of her father, and what he taughther.
euphra had thought much about him; and at every fresh touchwhich the story gave to the portrait, she knew him better; till atlast, even when circumstances not mentioned before came up, sheseemed to have known them from the beginning.
"what was your father like, margaret?"
margaret described him very nearly as i have done, from hugh'saccount, in the former part of the story.
that is almost exactly as i had fancied him.
is it notstrange?"
"it is very natural, i think," answered margaret.
"i seem now to have known him for years."
but what is most worthy of record is, that ever as the picture ofdavid grew on the vision of euphra, the idea of god was growingunawares upon her inward sight.
she was learning more and moreabout god all the time.
the sight of human excellence awoke a faintideal of the divine perfection.
faith came of itself, and abode,and grew; for it needs but a vision of the divine, and faith in godis straightway born in the soul that beholds it.
thus, faith andsight are one.
the being of her father in heaven was no morestrange and far off from her, when she had seen such a father onearth as margaret's was.
it was not alone david's faith that begothers, but the man himself was a faith-begetting presence.
he wasthe evidence of god with them.
-- thus he, being dead, yet spoke, andthe departed man was a present power.
euphra began to read the story of the gospel.
so did harry.
theyfound much on which to desire enlightenment; and they always appliedto margaret for the light they needed.
it was long before sheventured to say i think.
she always said:"my father used to say -- " or"i think my father would have said -- "it was not until euphra was in great trouble some time after this,and required the immediate consolation of personal testimony, thatmargaret spoke as from herself; and then she spoke with positiveassurance of faith.
she did not then even say i think, but, i amsure; i know; i have seen.
many interviews of this sort did not take place between them beforeeuphra, in her turn, began to confide her history to margaret.
it was a strangely different one -- full of outward event and physicaltrouble; but, till it approached the last stages, wonderfully barrenas to inward production or development.
it was a history ofeuphra's circumstances and peculiarities, not of euphra herself.
till of late, she had scarcely had any history.
margaret's, on thecontrary, was a true history; for, with much of the monotonous incircumstance, it described individual growth, and the change ofprogress.
where there is no change there can be no history; and asall change is either growth or decay, all history must describeprogress or retrogression.
the former had now begun for euphra aswell; and it was one proof of it that she told margaret all i havealready recorded for my readers, at least as far as it bore againstherself.
how much more she told her i am unable to say; but aftershe had told it, euphra was still more humble towards margaret, andmargaret more tender, more full of service, if possible, and moredevoted to euphra.
love is not lovewhich alters when it alteration finds,or bends with the remover to remove.
-- sonnet cxvi.
margaret could not proceed very far in the story of her life,without making some reference to hugh sutherland.
but she carefullyavoided mentioning his name.
perhaps no one less calm, and freefrom the operation of excitement, could have been so successful insuppressing it.
said euphra, one day, "your history is a little like minethere; a tutor comes into them both.
did you not fall dreadfully inlove with him?"
"i loved him very much."
"where is he now?"
"in london, i believe."
"do you never see him?"
"have you never seen him since he left your home -- with the curiousname?"
"yes; but not spoken to him."
margaret was silent.
euphra knew her well enough now not to repeatthe question.
"i should have been in love with him, i know."
margaret only smiled.
another day, euphra said:"what a good boy that harry is!
and so clever too.
margaret,i have behaved like the devil to that boy.
i wanted to have him allto myself, and so kept him a child.
need i confess all my ugliestsins?"
"not to me, certainly, dear miss cameron.
tell god to look intoyour heart, and take them all out of it."
-- i even enticed mr. sutherland away from him to me,when he was the only real friend he had, that i might have themboth."
"but you have done your best to make up for it since."
"i have tried a little.
i cannot say i have done my best.
i havebeen so peevish and irritable."
"you could not quite help that."
"how kind you are to excuse me so!
it makes me so much stronger totry again."
"my father used to say that god was always finding every excuse forus that could be found; every true one, you know; not one falseone."
"that does comfort one."
after a pause, euphra resumed:"mr. sutherland did me some good, margaret."
"i do not wonder at that."
"he made me think less about count halkar; and that was something,for he haunted me.
i did not know then how very wicked he was.
idid love him once.
oh, how i hate him now!"
and she started up and paced the room like a tigress in its cage.
margaret did not judge this the occasion to read her a lecture onthe duty of forgiveness.
she had enough to do to keep from hatingthe man herself, i suspect.
but she tried to turn her thoughts intoanother channel.
"mr. sutherland loved you very much, miss cameron."
"he loved me once," said poor euphra, with a sigh.
"i saw he did.
that was why i began to love you too."
margaret had at last unwittingly opened the door of her secret.
shehad told the other reason for loving euphra.
but, naturally enough,euphra could not understand what she meant.
perhaps some of myreaders, understanding margaret's words perfectly, and theirreference too, may be so far from understanding margaret herself, asto turn upon me and say:"impossible!
you cannot have understood her or any other woman."
"what do you mean, margaret?"
margaret both blushed and laughed outright.
"i must confess it," said she, at once; "it cannot hurt him now: mytutor and yours are the same."
"and you never spoke all the time you were both at arnstead?"
he never knew i was in the house."
and you saw he loved me?"
"and you were not jealous?"
"i did not say that.
but i soon found that the only way to escapefrom my jealousy, if the feeling i had was jealousy, was to love youtoo.
"you beautiful creature!
but you could not have loved him much."
"i loved him enough to love you for his sake.
but why did he stoploving you?
i fear i shall not be able to love him so much now."
"he could not help it, margaret.
i deserved it."
euphra hid her face in her hands.
"he could not have really loved you, then?"
"which is better to believe, margaret," said euphra, uncovering herface, which two tears were lingering down, and looking up ather -- "that he never loved me, or that he stopped loving me?"
"for his sake, the first."
"and for my sake, the second?"
"so it does.
he must have found plenty of faults in me.
but i wasnot so bad as he thought me when he stopped loving me."
margaret's answer was one of her loving smiles, in which her eyeshad more share than her lips.
it would have been unendurable to euphra, a little while before, tofind that she had a rival in a servant.
now she scarcely regardedthat aspect of her position.
but she looked doubtfully at margaret,and then said:"how is it that you take it so quietly?
-- for your love must havebeen very different from mine.
indeed, i am not sure that i lovedhim at all; and after i had made up my mind to it quite, it did nothurt me so very much.
but you must have loved him dreadfully."
"perhaps i did.
but i had no anxiety about it."
"but that you could not leave to a father such as yours even tosettle."
but i could to god.
i could trust god with what i could notspeak to my father about.
he is my father's father, you know; andso, more to him and me than we could be to each other.
the more welove god, the more we love each other; for we find he makes the verylove which sometimes we foolishly fear to do injustice to, by lovinghim most.
i love my father ten times more because he loves god, andbecause god has secrets with him."
"i wish god were a father to me as he is to you, margaret."
"but he is your father, whether you wish it or not.
he cannot bemore your father than he is.
you may be more his child than youare, but not more than he meant you to be, nor more than he made youfor.
you are infinitely more his child than you have grown to yet.
he made you altogether his child, but you have not given in to ityet."
yes; i know what you mean.
i feel it is true."
"the prodigal son was his father's child.
he knew it, and gave into it.
he did not say: 'i wish my father loved me enough to treatme like a child again.'
he did not say that, but -- i will arise andgo to my father."
euphra made no answer, but wept, margaret said no more.
euphra was the first to resume.
"mr. sutherland was very kind, margaret.
he promised -- and i know hewill keep his promise--to do all he could to help me.
i hope he isfinding out where that wicked count is."
"write to him, and ask him to come and see you.
he does not knowwhere you are."
"but i don't know where he is."
rejoined euphra with some surprise.
"but he does not know where i am.
i will give you his address, ifyou like."
euphra pondered a little.
she would have liked very much to seehim, for she was anxious to know of his success.
the love she hadfelt for him was a very small obstacle to their meeting now; for herthoughts had been occupied with affairs, before the interest ofwhich the poor love she had then been capable of, had melted awayand vanished -- vanished, that is, in all that was restrictive andengrossing in its character.
but now that she knew the relationthat had existed between margaret and him, she shrunk from doinganything that might seem to margaret to give euphra an opportunityof regaining his preference.
not that she had herself the smallesthope, even had she had the smallest desire of doing so; but shewould not even suggest the idea of being margaret's rival.
atlength she answered:"no, thank you, margaret.
as soon as he has anything to report, hewill write to arnstead, and mrs. horton will forward me the letter.
no -- it is quite unnecessary."
euphra's health was improving a little, though still she was farfrom strong.
if heaven was made for man, 'twas made for me.
faustus, repent; yet heaven will pity thee.
thou art a spirit, god cannot pity thee.
be i a devil, yet god may pity me.
never too late if faustus will repent.
if thou repent, devils will tear thee in pieces.
i see an angel hover o'er thy head,            and with a vial full of precious grace,            offers to pour the same into thy soul.
-- doctor faustus.
mr. appleditch had had some business-misfortunes, not of a heavynature, but sufficient to cast a gloom over the house in dervishtown, and especially over the face of his spouse, who had set herheart on a new carpet for her drawing-room, and feared she ought notto procure it now.
it is wonderful how conscientious some peopleare towards their balance at the banker's.
how the drawing-room,however, could come to want a new carpet is something mysterious,except there is a peculiar power of decay inherent in thingsdeprived of use.
these influences operating, however, she began tothink that the two scions of grocery were not drawing nineshillings' worth a week of the sap of divinity.
this she hinted tomr. appleditch.
it was resolved to give hugh warning.
as it would involve some awkwardness to state reasons, mrs.appleditch resolved to quarrel with him, as the easiest way ofprefacing his discharge.
it was the way she took with hermaids-of-all-work; for it was grand in itself, and always left herwith a comfortable feeling of injured dignity.
as a preliminary course, she began to treat him with still lesspoliteness than before.
hugh was so careless of her behaviour, thatthis made no impression upon him.
but he came to understand it allafterwards, from putting together the remarks of the children, andthe partial communications of mr. appleditch to miss talbot, whichthat good lady innocently imparted to her lodger.
at length, one day, she came into the room where hugh was more busyin teaching than his pupils were in learning, and seated herself bythe fire to watch for an opportunity.
this was soon found.
for theboys, rendered still more inattentive by the presence of theirmother, could not be induced to fix the least thought upon thematter in hand; so that hugh was compelled to go over the same thingagain and again, without success.
at last he said:"i am afraid, mrs. appleditch, i must ask you to interfere, for icannot get any attention from the boys to-day."
"and how could it be otherwise, mr. sutherland, when you keepwearing them out with going over and over the same thing, till theyare sick of it?
why don't you go on?"
"how can i go on when they have not learned the thing they are at?
that would be to build the chimneys before the walls."
"it is very easy to be witty, sir; but i beg you will behave morerespectfully to me in the presence of my children, innocent lambs!"
looking round at the moment, hugh caught in his face what the elderlamb had intended for his back, a grimace hideous enough to haveprocured him instant promotion in the kingdom of apes.
the mothersaw it too, and added:"you see you cannot make them respect you.
hugh was about to reply, to the effect that it was useless, in suchcircumstances, to attempt teaching them at all, some utterance ofwhich sort was watched for as the occasion for his instantdismission; but at that very moment a carriage and pair pulledsharply up at the door, with more than the usual amount ofquadrupedation, and mother and sons darted simultaneously to thewindow.
cried johnnie, "what a rum go!
isn't that a jolly carriage,peetie?"
"papa's bought a carriage!"
"be quiet, children," said their mother, as she saw a footman getdown and approach the door.
"look at that buffer," said johnnie.
"do come and see this grandfootman, mr. sutherland.
he's such a gentleman!"
a box on the ear from his mother silenced him.
the servant enteringwith some perturbation a moment after, addressed her mistress, forshe dared not address any one else while she was in the room:"please 'm, the carriage is astin' after mr.
the lady turned to mr. sutherland, who, although surprised as well,was not inclined to show his surprise to mrs. appleditch.
"i did not know you had carriage-friends, mr. sutherland," said she,with a toss of her head.
"neither did i," answered hugh.
"but i will go and see who it is."
when he reached the street, he found harry on the pavement, whohaving got out of the carriage, and not having been asked into thehouse, was unable to stand still for impatience.
as soon as he sawhis tutor, he bounded to him, and threw his arms round his neck,standing as they were in the open street.
tears of delight filledhis eyes.
"come, come, come," said harry; "we all want you."
"who wants me?"
"mrs. elton and euphra and me.
come, get in."
and he pulled hugh towards the carriage.
"i cannot go with you now.
i have pupils here."
harry's face fell.
"when will you come?"
i shall be back exactly in half-an-hour then.
do beready, please, mr.
harry jumped into the carriage, telling the coachman to drive wherehe pleased, and be back at the same place in half-an-hour.
hughreturned into the house.
as may be supposed, margaret was the means of this happy meeting.
although she saw plainly enough that euphra would like to see hugh,she did not for some time make up her mind to send for him.
thecircumstances which made her resolve to do so were these.
for some days euphra seemed to be gradually regaining her health andcomposure of mind.
one evening, after a longer talk than usual,margaret had left her in bed, and had gone to her own room.
she wasjust preparing to get into bed herself, when a knock at her doorstartled her, and going to it, she saw euphra standing there, paleas death, with nothing on but her nightgown, notwithstanding thebitter cold of an early and severe frost.
she thought at first shemust be walking in her sleep, but the scared intelligence of heropen eyes, soon satisfied her that it was not so.
"what is the matter, dear miss cameron?"
she said, as calmly as shecould.
"he is coming.
he wants me.
if he calls me, i must go."
"no, you shall not go," rejoined margaret, firmly.
"i must, i must," answered euphra, wringing her hands.
"do come in," said margaret, "you must not stand there in the cold."
"let me get into your bed."
"better let me go with you to yours.
that will be more comfortablefor you."
yes; please do."
margaret threw a shawl round euphra, and went back with her to herroom.
"he wants me.
he wants me.
he will call me soon," said euphra, inan agonised whisper, as soon as the door was shut.
"what shall ido!"
"come to bed first, and we will talk about it there."
as soon as they were in bed, margaret put her arm round euphra, whowas trembling with cold and fear, and said:"has this man any right to call you?"
"no, no," answered euphra, vehemently.
"then don't go."
"but i am afraid of him."
"defy him in god's name."
"but besides the fear, there is something that i can't describe,that always keeps telling me -- no, not telling me, pushing me -- no,drawing me, as if i could not rest a moment till i go.
i cannotdescribe it.
i hate to go, and yet i feel that if i were cold in mygrave, i must rise and go if he called me.
i wish i could tell youwhat it is like.
it is as if some demon were shaking my soul till iyielded and went.
don't despise me.
i can't help it."
"my darling, i don't, i can't despise you.
you shall not go tohim."
"but i must," answered she, with a despairing faintness moreconvincing than any vehemence; and then began to weep with a slow,hopeless weeping, like the rain of a november eve.
margaret got out of bed.
euphra thought she was offended.
startingup, she clasped her hands, and said:"oh margaret!
i won't cry.
don't leave me.
don't leave me."
she entreated like a chidden child.
"no, no, i didn't mean to leave you for a moment.
lie down again,dear, and cry as much as you like.
i am going to read a little bitout of the new testament to you."
"i am afraid i can't listen to it."
i want to read it."
margaret got a new testament, and read part of that chapter of st.john's gospel which speaks about human labour and the bread of life.
she stopped at these words:"for i came down from heaven, not to do mine own will, but the willof him that sent me."
euphra's tears had ceased.
the sound of margaret's voice, which, ifit lost in sweetness by becoming more scotch when she read thegospel, yet gained thereby in pathos, and the power of the blessedwords themselves, had soothed the troubled spirit a little, and shelay quiet.
"the count is not a good man, miss cameron?"
"you know he is not, margaret.
he is the worst man alive."
"then it cannot be god's will that you should go to him."
"but one does many things that are not god's will."
"but it is god's will that you should not go to him."
euphra lay silent for a few moments.
suddenly she exclaimed:"then i must not go to him," -- got out of bed, threw herself on herknees by the bedside, and holding up her clasped hands, said, in lowtones that sounded as if forced from her by agony:"i won't!
o god, i will not.
help me, help me!"
margaret knelt beside her, and put her arm round her.
euphra spokeno more, but remained kneeling, with her extended arms and claspedhands lying on the bed, and her head laid between them.
at lengthmargaret grew alarmed, and looked at her.
but she found that shewas in a sweet sleep.
she gently disengaged herself, and coveringher up soft and warm, left her to sleep out her god-sent sleepundisturbed, while she sat beside, and watched for her waking.
she slept thus for an hour.
then lifting her head, and seeingmargaret, she rose quietly, as if from her prayers, and said with asmile:"margaret, i was dreaming that i had a mother."
"so you have, somewhere."
"yes, so i have, somewhere," she repeated, and crept into bed like achild, lay down, and was asleep again in a moment.
margaret watched her for another hour, and then seeing no signs ofrestlessness, but that on the contrary her sleep was profound, laydown beside her, and soon shared in that repose which to weary womenand men is god's best gift.
she rose at her usual hour the next day, and was dressed beforeeuphra awoke.
it was a cold grey december morning, with thehoar-frost lying thick on the roofs of the houses.
euphra openedher eyes while margaret was busy lighting the fire.
seeing that shewas there, she closed them again, and fell once more fast asleep.
before she woke again, margaret had some tea ready for her; aftertaking which, she felt able to get up.
she rose looking more brightand hopeful than margaret had seen her before.
but margaret, who watched her intently through the day, saw a changecome over her cheer.
her face grew pale and troubled.
now and thenher eyes were fixed on vacancy; and again she would look at margaretwith a woebegone expression of countenance; but presently, as ifrecollecting herself, would smile and look cheerful for a moment.
margaret saw that the conflict was coming on, if not alreadybegun -- that at least its shadow was upon her; and thinking that ifshe could have a talk with hugh about what he had been doing, itwould comfort her a little, and divert her thoughts from herself,even if no farther or more pleasantly than to the count.
she letharry know hugh's address, as given in the letter to her father.
she was certain that, if harry succeeded in finding him, nothingmore was necessary to insure his being brought to mrs. elton's.
aswe have seen, harry had traced him to buccleuch terrace.
hugh re-entered the house in the same mind in which he had gone out;namely, that after mrs. appleditch's behaviour to him before hispupils, he could not remain their tutor any longer, however greathis need might be of the pittance he received for his services.
but although mrs. appleditch's first feeling had been jealousy ofhugh's acquaintance with "carriage-people," the toadyism which is soessential an element of such jealousy, had by this time revived; andwhen hugh was proceeding to finish the lesson he had begun,intending it to be his last, she said:"why didn't you ask your friend into the drawing-room, mr.
thought hugh -- but answered: "hewill fetch me when the lesson is over."
"i am sure, sir, any friends of yours that like to call upon youhere, will be very welcome.
it will be more agreeable to you toreceive them here, of course; for your accommodation at poor misstalbot's is hardly suitable for such visitors."
"i am sorry to say, however," answered hugh, "that after the way youhave spoken to me to-day, in the presence of my pupils, i cannotcontinue my relation to them any longer."
resnorted the lady, indignation and scorn mingling withmortification; "our grand visitors have set our backs up.
verywell, mr. sutherland, you will oblige me by leaving the house atonce.
don't trouble yourself, pray, to finish the lesson.
i willpay you for it all the same.
anything to get rid of a man whoinsults me before the very faces of my innocent lambs!
and pleaseto remember," she added, as she pulled out her purse, while hugh wascollecting some books he had lent the boys, "that when you werestarving, my husband and i took you in and gave you employment outof charity -- pure charity, mr. sutherland.
here is your money."
"good morning, mrs. appleditch," said hugh; and walked out with hisbooks under his arm, leaving her with the money in her hand.
he had to knock his feet on the pavement in front of the house, tokeep them from freezing, for half-an-hour, before the carriagearrived to take him away.
as soon as it came up, he jumped into it,and was carried off in triumph by harry.
mrs. elton received him kindly.
euphra held out her hand with aslight blush, and the quiet familiarity of an old friend.
hughcould almost have fallen in love with her again, from compassion forher pale, worn face, and subdued expression.
mrs. elton went out in the carriage almost directly, and euphrabegged harry to leave them alone, as she had something to talk tomr. sutherland about.
"have you found any trace of count halkar, hugh?"
she said, themoment they were by themselves.
"i am very sorry to say i have not.
i have done my best."
"i am quite sure of that.
-- i just wanted to tell you, that, fromcertain indications which no one could understand so well as myself,i think you will have more chance of finding him now."
"i am delighted to hear it," responded hugh.
"if i only had him!"
euphra sighed, paused, and then said:"but i am not sure of it.
i think he is in london; but he may be inbohemia, for anything i know.
i shall, however, in all probability,know more about him within a few days."
hugh resolved to go at once to falconer, and communicate to him whateuphra had told him.
but he said nothing to her as to the means bywhich he had tried to discover the count; for although he felt surethat he had done right in telling falconer all about it, he wasafraid lest euphra, not knowing what sort of a man he was, might notlike it.
euphra, on her part, did not mention margaret's name; forshe had begged her not to do so.
"you will tell me when you know yourself?"
-- i will, if i can.
i do wish you could get the ring.
ihave a painful feeling that it gives him power over me."
"that can only be a nervous fancy, surely," hugh ventured to say.
"perhaps it is.
i don't know.
but, still, without that, there areplenty of reasons for wishing to recover it.
he will put it to abad use, if he can.
but for your sake, especially, i wish we couldget it."
you were always kind."
"no," she replied, without lifting her eyes; "i brought it all uponyou."
"but you could not help it."
"not at the moment.
but all that led to it was my fault."
she paused; then suddenly resumed:"i will confess.
-- do you know what gave rise to the reports of thehouse being haunted?"
"it was me wandering about it at night, looking for that very ring,to give to the count.
it was shameful.
but i did.
those reportsprevented me from being found out.
but i hope not many ghosts areso miserable as i was.
-- you remember my speaking to you of mr.arnold's jewels?"
"i wanted to find out, through you, where the ring was.
but i hadno intention of involving you."
"i am sure you had not."
"don't be too sure of anything about me.
i don't know what i mighthave been led to do.
but i am very sorry.
do forgive me."
"i cannot allow that i have anything to forgive.
but tell me,euphra, were you the creature, in white that i saw in the ghost'swalk one night?
i don't mean the last time."
"very likely," she answered, bending her head yet lower, with asigh.
"then who was the creature in black that met you?
and what becameof you then?"
"did you see her?"
rejoined euphra, turning paler still.
"i faintedat sight of her.
i took her for the nun that hangs in that horridroom."
"so did i," said hugh.
"but you could not have lain long; for i wentup to the spot where you vanished, and found nothing."
"i suppose i got into the shrubbery before i fell.
or the countdragged me in.
-- but was that really a ghost?
i feel now as if itwas a good messenger, whether ghost or not, come to warn me, if ihad had the courage to listen.
i wish i had taken the warning."
they talked about these and other things, till mrs. elton, who hadmade hugh promise to stay to lunch, returned.
when they were seatedat table, the kind-hearted woman said:"now, mr. sutherland, when will you begin again with harry?"
"i do not quite understand you," answered hugh.
"of course you will come and give him lessons, poor boy.
he will bebroken-hearted if you don't."
"i wish i could.
but i cannot -- at least yet; for i know his fatherwas dissatisfied with me.
that was one of the reasons that made himsend harry to london."
harry looked wretchedly disappointed, but said nothing.
"i never heard him say anything of the sort."
"i am sure of it, though.
i am very sorry he has mistaken me; buthe will know me better some day."
"i will take all the responsibility," persisted mrs. elton.
"but unfortunately the responsibility sticks too fast for you totake it.
i cannot get rid of my share if i would."
"you are too particular.
i am sure mr. arnold never could havemeant that.
this is my house too."
"but harry is his boy.
if you will let me come and see himsometimes, i shall be very thankful, though.
i may be useful to himwithout giving him lessons."
"thank you," said harry with delight.
i suppose you are so much in request in london thatyou won't miss him for a pupil."
"on the contrary, i have not a single engagement.
if you could findme one, i should be exceedingly obliged to you."
said mrs. elton.
"then you shall have harry."
yes; please take me," said harry, beseechingly.
"no, i cannot.
i must not."
mrs. elton rang the bell.
"james, tell the coachman i want the carriage in an hour."
mrs. elton was as submissive to her coachman as ladies who havecarriages generally are, and would not have dreamed of ordering thehorses out so soon again for herself; but she forgot everything elsewhen a friend was in need of help, and became perfectlypachydermatous to the offended looks or indignant hints of thatimportant functionary.
within a few minutes after hugh took his leave, mrs. elton was onher way to repeat a visit she had already paid the same morning, andto make several other calls, with the express object of findingpupils for hugh.
but in this she was not so successful as she hadexpected.
in fact, no one whom she could think of, wanted suchservices at present.
she returned home quite down-hearted, and allbut convinced that nothing could be done before the approach of thelondon season.
they'll turn me in your arms, janet,  an adder and a snake;but haud me fast, let me not pass,  gin ye would be my maik.
they'll turn me in your arms, janet,  an adder and an aske;they'll turn me in your arms, janet,  a bale that burns fast.
they'll shape me in your arms, janet,  a dove, but and a swan;and last, they'll shape me in your arms  a mother-naked man:cast your green mantle over me --  and sae shall i be wan.
scotch ballad: tamlane.
as soon as hugh had left the house, margaret hastened to euphra.
she found her in her own room, a little more cheerful, but stillstrangely depressed.
this appearance increased towards the evening,till her looks became quite haggard, revealing an inward conflict ofgrowing agony.
margaret remained with her.
just before dinner, the upstairs bell, whose summons margaret wasaccustomed to obey, rang, and she went down.
mrs. elton detainedher for a few minutes.
the moment she was at liberty, she flew toeuphra's room by the back staircase.
but, as she ascended, she washorrified to meet euphra, in a cloak and thick veil, creeping downthe stairs like a thief.
without saying a word, the strong girllifted her in her arms as if she had been a child, and carried herback to her room.
euphra neither struggled nor spoke.
margaretlaid her on her couch, and sat down beside her.
she lay withoutmoving, and, although wide awake, gave no other sign of existencethan an occasional low moan, that seemed to come from a heartpressed almost to death.
having lain thus for an hour, she broke the silence.
"margaret, do you despise me dreadfully?"
"no, not in the least."
"yet you found me going to do what i knew was wrong."
"you had not made yourself strong by thinking about the will of god.
had you, dear?"
i will tell you how it was.
i had been tormented with theinclination to go to him, and had been resisting it till i was wornout, and could hardly bear it more.
suddenly all grew calm withinme, and i seemed to hate count halkar no longer.
i thought withmyself how easy it would be to put a stop to this dreadful torment,just by yielding to it -- only this once.
i thought i should then bestronger to resist the next time; for this was wearing me out so,that i must yield the next time, if i persisted now.
but whatseemed to justify me, was the thought that so i should find outwhere he was, and be able to tell hugh; and then he would get thering for me, and, perhaps that would deliver me.
but it was verywrong of me.
i forgot all about the will of god.
i will not goagain, margaret.
do you think i may try again to fight him?"
"that is just what you must do.
all that god requires of you is, totry again.
god's child must be free.
do try, dear miss cameron."
"i think i could, if you would call me euphra.
you are so strong,and pure, and good, margaret!
i wish i had never had any thoughtsbut such as you have, you beautiful creature!
oh, how glad i amthat you found me!
do watch me always."
"i will call you euphra.
i will be your sister-servant -- anythingyou like, if you will only try again."
"thank you, with all my troubled heart, dear margaret.
i willindeed try again."
she sprang from the couch in a sudden agony, and grasping margaretby the arm, looked at her with such a terror-stricken face, that shebegan to fear she was losing her reason.
"margaret," she said, as if with the voice as of one just raisedfrom the dead, speaking with all the charnel damps in her throat,"could it be that i am in love with him still?"
margaret shuddered, but did not lose her self-possession.
"no, no, euphra, darling.
you were haunted with him, and so tiredthat you were not able to hate him any longer.
then you began togive way to him.
that was all.
there was no love in that."
euphra's grasp relaxed.
"do you think so?"
a pause followed.
"do you think god cares to have me do his will?
is it anything tohim?"
"i am sure of it.
why did he make you else?
but it is not for thesake of being obeyed that he cares for it, but for the sake ofserving you and making you blessed with his blessedness.
he doesnot think about himself, but about you."
i must not go."
"let me read to you again, eupra."
"yes, please do, margaret."
she read the fortieth chapter of isaiah, one of her father'sfavourite chapters, where all the strength and knowledge of god areurged to a height, that they may fall in overwhelming profusion uponthe wants and fears and unbelief of his children.
how should hethat calleth the stars by their names forget his people?
while she read, the cloud melted away from euphra's face; a sweetsleep followed; and the paroxysm was over for the time.
was euphra insane?
and were these the first accesses of daily fitsof madness, which had been growing and approaching for who couldtell how long?
even if she were mad, or going mad, was not this the right way totreat her?
i wonder how often the spiritual cure of faith in theson of man, the great healer, has been tried on those possessed withour modern demons.
is it proved that insanity has its origin in thephysical disorder which, it is now said, can be shown to accompanyit invariably?
let it be so: it yet appears to me that if thephysician would, like the son of man himself, descend as it wereinto the disorganized world in which the consciousness of hispatient exists, and receiving as fact all that he reveals to him ofits condition -- for fact it is, of a very real sort -- introduce, byall the means that sympathy can suggest, the one central cure forevil, spiritual and material, namely, the truth of the son of man,the vision of the perfect friend and helper, with the revelation ofthe promised liberty of obedience -- if he did this, it seems to methat cures might still be wrought as marvellous as those of theancient time.
it seems to me, too, that that can be but an imperfect religion, asit would be a poor salvation, from which one corner of darkness mayhide us; from whose blessed health and freedom a disordered brainmay snatch us; making us hopeless outcasts, till first thephysician, the student of physical laws, shall interfere and restoreus to a sound mind, or the great god's-angel death crumble thesoul-oppressing brain, with its thousand phantoms of pain and fearand horror, into a film of dust in the hollow of the deserted skull.
hugh repaired immediately to falconer's chambers, where he was morelikely to find him during the day than in the evening.
he was athome.
he told him of his interview with euphra, and her feelingthat the count was not far off.
"do you think there can be anything in it?"
asked he, when he hadfinished his relation.
"i think very likely," answered his friend.
"i will be more on theoutlook than ever.
it may, after all, be through the lady herselfthat we shall find the villain.
if she were to fall into one of hertrances, now, i think it almost certain she would go to him.
sheought to be carefully watched and followed, if that should takeplace.
let me know all that you learn about her.
go and see heragain to-morrow, that we may be kept informed of her experiences, sofar as she thinks proper to tell them."
"i will," said hugh, and took his leave.
but margaret, who knew euphra's condition, both spiritual andphysical, better than any other, had far different objects for her,through means of the unholy attraction which the count exercisedover her, than the discovery of the stolen ring.
she was determinedthat neither sleeping nor waking should she follow his call, ordance to his piping.
she should resist to the last, in the name ofgod, and so redeem her lost will from the power of this devil, towhom she had foolishly sold it.
the next day, the struggle evidently continued; and it had such aneffect on euphra, that margaret could not help feeling very anxiousabout the result as regarded her health, even if she should bevictorious in the contest.
but not for one moment did margaretquail; for she felt convinced, come of it what might, that the onlyhope for euphra lay in resistance.
death, to her mind, was simplynothing in the balance with slavery of such a sort.
once -- but evidently in a fit of absence -- euphra rose, went to thedoor, and opened it.
but she instantly dashed it to again, andwalking slowly back, resumed her seat on the couch.
margaret cameto her from the other side of the bed, where she had been working bythe window, for the last quarter of an hour, for the sake of thewaning light.
"what is it, dear?"
are you there?
i did not know you were in the room.
i found myself at the door before i knew what i was doing."
"but you came back of yourself this time."
"yes i did.
but i still feel inclined to go."
"there is no sin in that, so long as you do not encourage thefeeling, or yield to it."
"i hate it."
"you will soon be free from it.
keep on courageously, dear sister.
you will be in liberty and joy soon."
"god grant it."
"he will, euphra.
i am sure he will."
"i am sure you know, or you would not say it."
a knock came to the street door.
euphra started, and sat in theattitude of a fearful listener.
a message was presently broughther, that mr. sutherland was in the drawing-room, and wished to seeher.
euphra rose immediately, and went to him.
margaret, who did notquite feel that she could be trusted yet, removed to a room behindthe drawing-room, whence she could see euphra if she passed to godown stairs.
hugh asked her if she could tell him anything more about counthalkar.
"only," she answered, "that i am still surer of his being near me."
"how do you know it?"
"i need not mind telling you, for i have told you before that he hasa kind of supernatural power over me.
i know it by his drawing metowards him.
it is true i might feel it just the same whether hewas in america or in london; but i do not think he would care to doit, if he were so far off.
i know him well enough to know that hewould not wish for me except for some immediate advantage tohimself."
"but what is the use of his doing so, when you don't know where heis to be found."
"i should go straight to him, without knowing where i was going."
hugh rose in haste.
"put on your bonnet and cloak, and come with me.
i will take careof you.
lead me to him, and the ring shall soon be in your handsagain."
euphra hesitated, half rose, but sat down immediately.
not for worlds," she said.
"do not tempt me.
i mustnot -- i dare not -- i will not go."
"but i shall be with you.
i will take care of you.
don't you thinki am able, euphra?"
but i must not go anywhere at that man'sbidding."
"but it won't be at his bidding: it will be at mine."
that alters the case rather, does it not?
i wonder whatmargaret would say."
my new maid," answered euphra, recollecting herself.
"not being well at present, she is my nurse."
"we shall take a cab as soon as we get to the corner."
"i don't think the count would be able to guide the horse," saideuphra, with a smile.
"i must walk.
but i should like to go.
it would be such a victory to catch him in his own toils."
she rose and ran up stairs.
in a few minutes she came down again,cloaked and veiled.
but margaret met her as she descended, andleading her into the back drawing-room, said:"are you going, euphra?"
"yes; but i am going with mr. sutherland," answered euphra, in adefensive tone.
"it is to please him, and not to obey the count."
"are you sure it is all to please mr. sutherland?
if it were, idon't think you would be able to guide him right.
is it not to getrid of your suffering by yielding to temptation, euphra?
at allevents, if you go, even should mr. sutherland be successful withhim, you will never feel that you have overcome him, or he, that hehas lost you.
he will still hold you fast.
i am sureyou are deceiving yourself."
euphra stood for a moment and pouted like a naughty child.
thensuddenly throwing her arms about margaret's neck, she kissed her,and said:"i won't go, margaret.
here, take my things up stairs for me."
she threw off her bonnet and cloak, and rejoined hugh in thedrawing-room.
"i can't go," she said.
"i must not go.
i should be yielding tohim, and it would make a slave of me all my life."
"it is our only chance for the ring," said hugh.
again euphra hesitated and wavered; but again she conquered.
"i cannot help it," she said.
"i would rather not have the ring thango -- if you will forgive me."
"you know it is not for myself."
"i do know it.
you won't mind then if i don't go?"
"certainly not, if you have made up your mind.
you must have a goodreason for it."
"indeed i have."
and even already she felt that resistance broughtits own reward.
hugh went almost immediately, in order to make his report tofalconer, with whom he had an appointment for the purpose.
"she is quite right," said falconer.
"i do not think, in therelation in which she stands to him, that she could safely dootherwise.
but it seems to me very likely that this will turn outwell for our plans, too.
let her persist, and in all probability hewill not only have to resign her perforce, but will so far makehimself subject to her in turn, as to seek her who will not go tohim.
he will pull upon his own rope till he is drawn to the spotwhere he has fixed it.
what remains for you and me to do, is tokeep a close watch on the house and neighbourhood.
most likely weshall find the villain before long."
"do you really think so?"
"the whole affair is mysterious, and has to do with laws with whichwe are most imperfectly acquainted; but this seems to me apresumption worth acting upon.
is there no one in the house on whomyou could depend for assistance -- for information, at least?"
there is the same old servant that mrs. elton had with her atarnstead.
he is a steady old fellow, and has been very friendlywith me."
"well, what i would advise is, that you should find yourselfquarters as near the spot as possible; and, besides keeping as muchof a personal guard upon the house as you can, engage the servantyou mention to let you know, the moment the count makes hisappearance.
it will probably be towards night when he calls, forsuch a man may have reasons as well as instincts to make him lovethe darkness rather than the light.
you had better go at once; andwhen you have found a place, leave or send the address here to me,and towards night-fall i will join you.
but we may have to watchfor several days.
we must not be too sanguine."
almost without a word, hugh went to do as falconer said.
the onlyplace he could find suitable, was a public-house at the corner of aback street, where the men-servants of the neighbourhood used toresort.
he succeeded in securing a private room in it, for a week,and immediately sent falconer word of his locality.
he then calleda second time at mrs. elton's, and asked to see the butler.
when hecame:"irwan," said he, "has herr von funkelstein called here to-day?"
"no, sir, he has not."
"you would know him, would you not?"
"yes, sir; perfectly."
"well, if he should call to-night, or to-morrow, or any time withinthe next few days, let me know the moment he is in the house.
youwill find me at the golden staff, round the corner.
it is of theutmost importance that i should see him at once.
but do not let himknow that any one wants to see him.
you shall not repent helping mein this affair.
i know i can trust you."
hugh had fixed him with his eyes, before he began to explain hiswishes.
he had found out that this was the best way of securingattention from inferior natures, and that it was especiallynecessary with london servants; for their superciliousness is cowedby it, and the superior will brought to bear upon theirs.
it is theonly way a man without a carriage has to command attention fromsuch.
irwan was not one of this sort.
he was a country servant,for one difference.
but hugh made his address as impressive aspossible.
"i will with pleasure, sir," answered irwan, and hugh felt tolerablysure of him.
they ordered some supper, and sat till eleveno'clock.
there being then no chance of a summons, they went outtogether.
passing the house, they saw light in one upper windowonly.
that light would burn there all night, for it was in euphra'sroom.
they went on, hugh accompanying falconer in one of hismidnight walks through london, as he had done repeatedly before.
from such companionship and the scenes to which falconer introducedhim, he had gathered this fruit, that he began to believe in god forthe sake of the wretched men and women he saw in the world.
atfirst it was his own pain at the sight of such misery that drovehim, for consolation, to hope in god; so, at first, it was for hisown sake.
but as he saw more of them, and grew to love them more,he felt that the only hope for them lay in the love of god; and hehoped in god for them.
he saw too that a god not both humanly andabsolutely divine, a god less than that god shadowed forth in theredeemer of men, would not do.
but thinking about god thus, andhoping in him for his brothers and sisters, he began to love god.
then, last of all, that he might see in him one to whom he couldabandon everything, that he might see him perfect and all in all andas he must be -- for the sake of god himself, he believed in him asthe saviour of these his sinful and suffering kin.
as early as was at all excusable, the following morning, he calledon euphra.
the butler said that she had not come down yet, but hewould send up his name.
a message was brought back that misscameron was sorry not to see him, but she had had a bad night, andwas quite unable to get up.
irwan replied to his inquiry, that thecount had not called.
hugh withdrew to the golden staff.
a bad night it had been indeed.
as euphra slept well the first partof it, and had no attack such as she had had upon both the precedingnights, margaret had hoped the worst was over.
still she laidherself only within the threshold of sleep ready to wake at theleast motion.
in the middle of the night she felt euphra move.
she lay still tosee what she would do.
euphra slipped out of bed, and partlydressed herself; then went to her wardrobe, and put on a cloak witha large hood, which she drew over her head.
margaret lay with adreadful aching at her heart.
euphra went towards the door.
margaret called her, but she made no answer.
margaret flew to thedoor, and reached it before her.
then, to her intense delight, shesaw that euphra's eyes were closed.
just as she laid her hand onthe door, margaret took her gently in her arms.
"let me go, let me go!"
euphra almost screamed.
then suddenlyopening her eyes, she stared at margaret in a bewildered fashion,like one waking from the dead.
is it really you?"
exclaimed euphra, flinging herarms about her.
"oh, i am glad.
you see what i must have beenabout.
i suppose i knew when i was doing it, but i don't know now.
i have forgotten all about it.
i thought itwould come to this."
"come to bed, dear.
you couldn't help it.
it was not yourself.
there is not more than half of you awake, when you walk in yoursleep."
they went to bed.
euphra crept close to margaret, and cried herselfasleep again.
the next day she had a bad head-ache.
this with heralways followed somnambulation.
she did not get up all that day.
when hugh called again in the evening, he heard she was better, butstill in bed.
falconer joined hugh at the golden staff, at night; but they had nobetter success than before.
falconer went out alone, for hughwanted to keep himself fresh.
though very strong, he was youngerand less hardened than falconer, who could stand an incredibleamount of labour and lack of sleep.
hugh would have given way underthe half.
o my admired mistress, quench not outthe holy fires within you, though temptationsshower down upon you: clasp thine armour on;fight well, and thou shalt see, after these wars,thy head wear sunbeams, and thy feet touch stars.
-- the virgin martyr.
but hugh could sleep no more than if he had been out with falconer.
he was as restless as a wild beast in a cage.
something would notlet him be at peace.
so he rose, dressed, and went out.
as soon ashe turned the corner, he could see mrs. elton's house.
it wasvisible both by intermittent moonlight above, and by flickeringgaslight below, for the wind blew rather strong.
there was snow inthe air, he knew.
the light they had observed last night, wasburning now.
a moment served to make these observations; and thenhugh's eyes were arrested by the sight of something else -- a manwalking up and down the pavement in front of mrs. elton's house.
heinstantly stepped into the shadow of a porch to watch him.
thefigure might be the count's; it might not; he could not be sure.
every now and then the man looked up to the windows.
at length hestopped right under the lighted one, and looked up.
hugh was on thepoint of gliding out, that he might get as near him as possiblebefore rushing on him, when, at the moment, to his greatmortification, a policeman emerged from some mysterious corner, andthe figure instantly vanished in another.
hugh did not pursue him;because it would be to set all on a single chance, and that a poorone; for if the count, should it be he, succeeded in escaping, hewould not return to a spot which he knew to be watched.
hugh,therefore, withdrew once more under a porch, and waited.
but,whatever might be the cause, the man made his appearance no more.
hugh contrived to keep watch for two hours, in spite of suspiciouspolicemen.
he slept late into the following morning.
calling at mrs. elton's, he learned that the count had not beenthere; that miss cameron had been very ill all night; but that shewas rather better since the morning.
that night, as the preceding, margaret had awaked suddenly.
euphrawas not in the bed beside her.
she started up in an agony ofterror; but it was soon allayed, though not removed.
she saw euphraon her knees at the foot of the bed, an old-fashioned four-post one.
she had her arms twined round one of the bed-posts, and her headthrown back, as if some one were pulling her backwards by her hair,which fell over her night-dress to the floor in thick, black masses.
her eyes were closed; her face was death-like, almost livid; andthe cold dews of torture were rolling down from brow to chin.
herlips were moving convulsively, with now and then the appearance ofan attempt at articulation, as if they were set in motion by anagony of inward prayer.
margaret, unable to move, watched her withanxious sympathy and fearful expectation.
how long this lasted shecould not tell, but it seemed a long time.
at length margaret rose,and longing to have some share in the struggle, however small, wentsoftly, and stood behind her, shadowing her from a feeble ray ofmoonlight which, through a wind-rent cloud, had stolen into theroom, and lay upon her upturned face.
there she lifted up her heartin prayer.
in a moment after the tension of euphra's countenancerelaxed a little; composure slowly followed; her head graduallyrose, so that margaret could see her face no longer; then, asgradually, drooped forward.
next her arms untwined themselves fromthe bed-post, and her hands clasped themselves together.
she lookedlike one praying in the intense silence of absorbing devotion.
margaret stood still as a statue.
in speaking about it afterwards to hugh, margaret told him that shedistinctly remembered hearing, while she stood, the measured stepsof a policeman pass the house on the pavement below.
in a few minutes euphra bowed her head yet lower, and then rose toher feet.
she turned round towards margaret, as if she knew she wasthere.
to margaret's astonishment, her eyes were wide open.
shesmiled a most child-like, peaceful, happy smile, and said:"it is over, margaret, all over at last.
thank you, with my wholeheart.
god has helped me."
at that moment, the moon shone out full, and her face appeared inits light like the face of an angel.
margaret looked on her withawe.
fear, distress, and doubt had vanished, and she was alreadybeautiful like the blessed.
margaret got a handkerchief, and wipedthe cold damps from her face.
then she helped her into bed, whereshe fell asleep almost instantly, and slept like a child.
now andthen she moaned; but when margaret looked at her, she saw the smilestill upon her countenance.
she woke weak and worn, but happy.
"i shall not trouble you to-day, margaret, dear," said she.
"i shallnot get up yet, but you will not need to watch me.
a great changehas passed upon me.
i am free.
i have overcome him.
he may do ashe pleases now.
i do not care.
i defy him.
i got up last night inmy sleep, but i remember all about it; and, although i was asleep,and felt powerless like a corpse, i resisted him, even when ithought he was dragging me away by bodily force.
and i resistedhim, till he left me alone.
it had been a terrible struggle, but she had overcome.
nor was thisall: she would no more lead two lives, the waking and the sleeping.
her waking will and conscience had asserted themselves in hersleeping acts; and the memory of the somnambulist lived still in thewaking woman.
hence her two lives were blended into one life; andshe was no more two, but one.
this indicated a mighty growth ofindividual being.
"i woke without terror," she went on to say.
"i always used to wakefrom such a sleep in an agony of unknown fear.
i do not think ishall ever walk in my sleep again."
is not salvation the uniting of all our nature into one harmoniouswhole -- god first in us, ourselves last, and all in due orderbetween?
something very much analogous to the change in euphratakes place in a man when he first learns that his beliefs mustbecome acts; that his religious life and his human life are one;that he must do the thing that he admires.
the ideal is the onlyabsolute real; and it must become the real in the individual life aswell, however impossible they may count it who never try it, or whodo not trust in god to effect it, when they find themselves baffledin the attempt.
in the afternoon, euphra fell asleep, and when she woke, seemedbetter.
she said to margaret:"can it be that it was all a dream, margaret?
i mean my associationwith that dreadful man.
i feel as if it were only some horriddream, and that i could never have had anything to do with him.
imay have been out of my mind, you know, and have told you thingswhich i believed firmly enough then, but which never really tookplace.
it could not have been me, margaret, could it?"
"not your real, true, best self, dear."
"i have been a dreadful creature, margaret.
but i feel that allthat has melted away from me, and gone behind the sunset, which willfor ever stand, in all its glory and loveliness, between me and it,an impassable rampart of defence."
her words sounded strange and excited, but her eye and her pulsewere calm.
"how could he ever have had that hateful power over me?"
"don't think any more about him, dear, but enjoy the rest god hasgiven you."
"i will, i will."
at that moment, a maid came to the door, with funkelstein's card formiss cameron.
"very well," said margaret; "ask him to wait.
i will tell misscameron.
she may wish to send him a message.
you may go."
she told euphra that the count was in the house.
euphra showed nosurprise, no fear, no annoyance.
"will you see him for me, margaret, if you don't mind; and tell himfrom me, that i defy him; that i do not hate him, only because idespise and forget him; that i challenge him to do his worst."
she had forgotten all about the ring.
but margaret had not.
"i will," said she, and left the room.
on her way down, she went into the drawing-room, and rang the bell.
"send mr. irwan to me here, please.
it is for miss cameron."
the man went, but presently returned, saying that the butler hadjust stepped out.
you will do just as well.
when the gentleman leaveswho is calling now, you must follow him.
take a cab, if necessary,and follow him everywhere, till you find where he stops for thenight.
watch the place, and send me word where you are.
but don'tlet him know.
put on plain clothes, please, as fast as you can."
"yes, miss, directly."
the servants all called margaret, miss.
she lingered yet a little, to give the man time.
she was not at allsatisfied with her plan, but she could think of nothing better.
happily, it was not necessary.
irwan had run as fast as his oldlegs would carry him to the golden staff.
hugh received the newswith delight.
his heart seemed to leap into his throat, and he feltjust as he did, when, deer-stalking for the first time, he tried totake aim at a great red stag.
"i shall wait for him outside the door.
we must have no noise inthe house.
he is a thief, or worse, irwan."
and there's the plate all laid out for dinner onthe sideboard!"
exclaimed irwan, and hurried off faster than he hadcome.
but hugh was standing at the door long before irwan got up to it.
had margaret known who was watching outside, it would have been awonderful relief to her.
she entered the dining-room, where the count stood impatient.
headvanced quickly, acting on his expectation of euphra, but seeinghis mistake, stopped, and bowed politely.
margaret told him thatmiss cameron was ill, and gave him her message, word for word.
thecount turned pale with mortification and rage.
he bit his lip, madeno reply, and walked out into the hall, where irwan stood with thehandle of the door in his hand, impatient to open it.
no sooner washe out of the house, than hugh sprang upon him; but the count, whohad been perfectly upon his guard, eluded him, and darted off downthe street.
hugh pursued at full speed, mortified at his escape.
he had no fear at first of overtaking him, for he had found few menhis equals in speed and endurance; but he soon saw, to his dismay,that the count was increasing the distance between them, and fearedthat, by a sudden turn into some labyrinth, he might escape himaltogether.
they passed the golden staff at full speed, and at thenext corner hugh discovered what gave the count the advantage: itwas his agility and recklessness in turning corners.
but, like thesorcerer's impunity, they failed him at last; for, at the next turn,he ran full upon falconer, who staggered back, while the countreeled and fell.
hugh was upon him in a moment.
roared thecount, for a last chance from the sympathies of a gathering crowd.
"i've got him!"
"let the man alone," growled a burly fellow in the crowd, with hisfists clenched in his trowser-pockets.
"let me have a look at him," said falconer, stooping over him.
i don't know him.
that's as well for him.
let him up,sutherland."
the bystanders took falconer for a detective, and did not seeminclined to interfere, all except the carman before mentioned.
hecame up, pushing the crowd right and left.
"let the man alone," said he, in a very offensive tone.
"i assure you," said falconer, "he's not worth your trouble; for -- ""none o' your cursed jaw!"
said the fellow, in a louder and deepergrowl, approaching falconer with a threatening mien.
"well, i can't help it," said falconer, as if to himself.
"sutherland, look after the count."
"that i will," said hugh, confidently.
falconer turned on the carman, who was just on the point of closingwith him, preferring that mode of fighting; and saying only: "defendyourself," retreated a step.
the man was good at his fists too,and, having failed in his first attempt, made the best use of themhe could.
but he had no chance with falconer, whose coolnessequalled his skill.
meantime, the bohemian had been watching his chance; and althoughthe contest certainly did not last longer than one minute, foundopportunity, in the middle of it, to wrench himself free from hugh,trip him up, and dart off.
the crowd gave way before him.
hevanished so suddenly and completely, that it was evident he musthave studied the neighbourhood from the retreat side of thequestion.
with rat-like instinct, he had consulted the holes andcorners in anticipation of the necessity of applying to them.
hughgot up, and, directed, or possibly misdirected by the bystanders,sped away in pursuit; but he could hear or see nothing of thefugitive.
at the end of the minute, the carman lay in the road.
"look after him, somebody," said falconer.
"no fear of him, sir; he's used to it," answered one of thebystanders, with the respect which falconer's prowess claimed.
falconer walked after hugh, who soon returned, looking excessivelymortified, and feeling very small indeed.
"never mind, sutherland," said he.
"the fellow is up to a trick ortwo; but we shall catch him yet.
if it hadn't been for that bigfool there -- but he's punished enough."
"but what can we do next?
he will not come here again."
"very likely not.
still he may not give up his attempts upon misscameron.
i almost wonder, seeing she is so impressible, that shecan give no account of his whereabouts.
but i presume clairvoyancedepends on the presence of other qualifications as well.
i shouldlike to mesmerize her myself, and see whether she could not help usthen."
"well, why not, if you have the power?"
"because i have made up my mind not to superinduce any condition ofwhose laws i am so very partially informed.
besides, i consider ita condition of disease in which, as by sleeplessness for instance,the senses of the soul, if you will allow the expression, are, forits present state, rendered unnaturally acute.
to induce such acondition, i dare not exercise a power which itself i do notunderstand."
for though that ever virtuous was she,  she was increased in such excellence,of thewes good, yset in high bounté,  and so discreet and fair of eloquence,  so benign, and so digne of reverence,and couthé so the poeple's hert embrace,that each her loveth that looketh in her face.
-- the clerk's tale.
hugh returned to mrs. elton's, and, in the dining-room, wrote a noteto euphra, to express his disappointment, and shame that, after all,the count had foiled him; but, at the same time, his determinationnot to abandon the quest, till there was no room for hope left.
hesent this up to her, and waited, thinking that she might be on thesofa, and might send for him.
a little weary from the reaction ofthe excitement he had just gone through, he sat down in the cornerfarthest from the door.
the large room was dimly lighted by oneuntrimmed lamp.
he sat for some time, thinking that euphra was writing him a note,or perhaps preparing herself to see him in her room.
involuntarilyhe looked up, and a sudden pang, as at the vision of thedisembodied, shot through his heart.
a dim form stood in the middleof the room, gazing earnestly at him.
he saw the same face which hehad seen for a moment in the library at arnstead -- the glorified faceof margaret elginbrod, shimmering faintly in the dull light.
instinctively he pressed his hands together, palm to palm, as if hehad been about to kneel before madonna herself.
delight, mingledwith hope, and tempered by shame, flushed his face.
ghost or none,she brought no fear with her, only awe.
she stood still.
he said, with trembling voice.
she responded, sweetly.
"are you a ghost, margaret?"
she smiled as if she were all spirit, and, advancing slowly, tookhis joined hands in both of hers.
"forgive me, margaret," sighed he, as if with his last breath, andburst into an agony of tears.
she waited motionless, till his passion should subside, stillholding his hands.
he felt that her hands were so good.
"he is dead!"
said hugh, at last, with all effort, followed by afresh outburst of weeping.
"yes, he is dead," rejoined margaret, calmly.
"you would not weep soif you had seen him die as i did -- die with a smile like a summersunset.
indeed, it was the sunset to me; but the moon has been upfor a long time now."
she sighed a gentle, painless sigh, and smiled again like a saint.
she spoke nearly as scotch as ever in tone, though the words andpronunciation were almost pure english.
-- this lapse into so much ofthe old form, or rather garment, of speech, constantly recurred, asoften as her feelings were moved, and especially when she talked tochildren.
"forgive me," said hugh, once more.
"we are the same as in the old days," answered margaret; and hughwas satisfied.
"how do you come to be here?"
said hugh, at last, after a silence.
"i will tell you all about that another time.
now i must give youmiss cameron's message.
she is very sorry she cannot see you, butshe is quite unable.
indeed, she is not out of bed.
but if youcould call to-morrow morning, she hopes to be better and to be ableto see you.
she says she can never thank you enough."
the lamp burned yet fainter.
margaret went, and proceeded to trimit.
the virgins that arose must have looked very lovely, trimmingtheir lamps.
it is a deed very fair and womanly -- the best for awoman -- to make the lamp burn.
the light shone up in her face, andthe hands removing the globe handled it delicately.
he saw that thegood hands were very beautiful hands; not small, but admirablyshaped, and very pure.
as she replaced the globe, --"that man," she said, "will not trouble her any more."
"i hope not," said hugh; "but you speak confidently: why?"
"because she has behaved gloriously.
she has fought and conqueredhim on his own ground; and she is a free, beautiful, and goodcreature of god for ever."
"you delight me," rejoined hugh "another time, perhaps, you will beable to tell me all about it."
"i hope so.
i think she will not mind my telling you."
they bade each other good night; and hugh went away with a strangefeeling, which he had never experienced before.
to compare greatthings with small, it was something like what he had once felt in adream, in which, digging in his father's garden, he had found aperfect marble statue, young as life, and yet old as the hills.
tothink of the girl he had first seen in the drawing-room atturriepuffit, idealizing herself into such a creature as that, sogrand, and yet so womanly!
so lofty, and yet so lovely; so strong,and yet so graceful!
would that every woman believed in the ideal of herself, and hopedfor it as the will of god, not merely as the goal of her own purestambition!
but even if the lower development of the hope were allshe possessed, it would yet be well; for its inevitable failurewould soon develope the higher and triumphant hope.
he thought about her till he fell asleep, and dreamed about her tillhe woke.
not for a moment, however, did he fancy he was in lovewith her: the feeling was different from any he had hithertorecognized as embodying that passion.
it was the recognition andconsequent admiration of a beauty which everyone who beheld it mustrecognize and admire; but mingled, in his case, with old andprecious memories, doubly dear now in the increased earnestness ofhis nature and aspirations, and with a deep personal interest fromthe fact that, however little, he had yet contributed a portion ofthe vital food whereby the gracious creature had become what shewas.
in the so-called morning he went to mrs. elton's.
euphra wasexpecting his visit, and he was shown up into her room, where shewas lying on a couch by the fire.
she received him with the warmthof gratitude added to that of friendship.
her face was pale andthin, but her eyes were brilliant.
she did not appear at firstsight to be very ill: but the depth and reality of her sickness grewupon him.
behind her couch stood margaret, like a guardian angel.
margaret could bear the day, for she belonged to it; and thereforeshe looked more beautiful still than by the lamp-light.
euphra heldout a pale little hand to hugh, and before she withdrew it, ledhugh's towards margaret.
their hands joined.
how different to hughwas the touch of the two hands!
life, strength, persistency in theone: languor, feebleness, and fading in the other.
"i can never thank you enough," said euphra; "therefore i will nottry.
it is no bondage to remain your debtor."
"that would be thanks indeed, if i had done anything."
"i have found out another mystery," euphra resumed, after a pause.
"i am sorry to hear it," answered he.
"i fear there will be nomysteries left by-and-by."
"no fear of that," she rejoined, "so long as the angels come down tomen."
and she turned towards margaret as she spoke.
in the compliment she felt only the kindness.
hugh looked at her.
she turned away, and found something to do atthe other side of the room.
"what mystery, then, have you destroyed?"
"not destroyed it; for the mystery of courage remains.
i was thewicked ghost that night in the ghost's walk, you know -- the whiteone: there is the good ghost, the nun, the black one."
she has just been confessing it to me.
i had my twoangels, as one whose fate was undetermined; my evil angel in thecount -- my good angel in margaret.
little did i think then that theholy powers were watching me in her.
i knew the evil one; i knewnothing of the good.
i suppose it is so with a great many people."
hugh sat silent in astonishment.
margaret, then, had been atarnstead with mrs. elton all the time.
it was herself he had seenin the study.
"did you suspect me, margaret?"
resumed euphra, turning towards herwhere she sat at the window.
"not in the least.
i only knew that something was wrong about thehouse; that some being was terrifying the servants, and poor harry;and i resolved to do my best to meet it, especially if it should beanything of a ghostly kind."
"then you do believe in such appearances?"
"i have never met anything of the sort yet.
i don't know."
"and you were not afraid?"
i am never really afraid of anything.
why should i be?"
no justification of fear was suggested either by hugh or by euphra.
they felt the dignity of nature that lifted margaret above theregion of fear.
"come and see me again soon," said euphra, as hugh rose to go.
next day he dined by invitation with mrs. elton and harry.
euphrawas unable to see him, but sent a kind message by margaret as he wastaking his leave.
he had been fearing that he should not seemargaret; and when she did appear he was the more delighted; but theinterview was necessarily short.
he called the next day, and saw neither euphra nor margaret.
shewas no better.
mrs. elton said the physicians could discover nodefinite disease either of the lungs or of any other organ.
yetlife seemed sinking.
margaret thought that the conflict which shehad passed through, had exhausted her vitality; that, had sheyielded, she might have lived a slave; but that now, perhaps, shemust die a free woman.
her continued illness made hugh still more anxious to find the ring,for he knew it would please her much.
falconer would have appliedto the police, but he feared that the man would vanish from london,upon the least suspicion that he was watched.
they held manyconsultations on the subject.
das denken ist nur ein traum des fühlens, ein erstorbenes fühlen,ein blass-graues, schwaches leben.
thinking is only a dream of feeling; a dead feeling; a pale-grey,feeble life.
-- die lehrlinge zu sais.
for where's no courage, there's no ruth nor mone.
faerie queene: vi.
7, 18.one morning, as soon as she waked, euphra said:"have i been still all the night, margaret?"
why do you ask?"
"because i have had such a strange and vivid dream, that i feel asif i must have been to the place.
it was a foolish question,though; because, of course, you would not have let me go."
"i hope it did not trouble you much."
"no, not much; for though i was with the count, i did not seem to bethere in the body at all, only somehow near him, and seeing him.
ican recall the place perfectly."
"do you think it really was the place he was in at the time?"
"i should not wonder.
but now i feel so free, so far beyond him andall his power, that i don't mind where or when i see him.
he cannothurt me now."
"could you describe the place to mr. sutherland?
it might help himto find the count."
"that's a good idea.
will you send for him?"
may i tell him for what?"
"by all means."
margaret wrote to hugh at once, and sent the note by hand.
he wasat home when it arrived.
he hurriedly answered it, and went to findfalconer.
to his delight he was at home -- not out of bed, in fact.
"who is it from?"
"miss cameron's maid."
"it does not look like a maid's production."
"it is though.
will you come with me?
you know london ten thousandtimes better than i do.
i don't think we ought to lose a chance."
i will go with you.
but perhaps she will not seeme."
yes, she will, when i have told her about you."
"it will be rather a trial to see a stranger."
"a man cannot be a stranger with you ten minutes, if he only looksat you; -- still less a woman."
falconer looked pleased, and smiled.
"i am glad you think so.
let us go."
when they arrived, margaret came to them.
hugh told her thatfalconer was his best friend, and one who knew london perhaps betterthan any other man in it.
margaret looked at him full in the facefor a moment.
falconer smiled at the intensity of her still gaze.
margaret returned the smile, and said:"i will ask miss cameron to see ye."
"thank you," was all falconer's reply; but the tone was more thanspeech.
after a little while, they were shown up to euphra's room.
she hadwanted to sit up, but margaret would not let her; so she was lyingon her couch.
when falconer was presented to her, he took her hand,and held it for a moment.
a kind of indescribable beam broke overhis face, as if his spirit smiled and the smile shone throughwithout moving one of his features as it passed.
the tears stood inhis eyes.
to understand all this look, one would need to know hishistory as i do.
he laid her hand gently on her bosom, and said:"god bless you!"
euphra felt that god did bless her in the very words.
she had beenlooking at falconer all the time.
it was only fifteen seconds orso; but the outcome of a life was crowded into falconer's side ofit; and the confidence of euphra rose to meet the faithfulness of aman of god.
-- what words those are!
-- a man of god!
have i notwritten a revelation?
yes -- to him who can read it -- yes.
"i know enough of your story, miss cameron," he said, "to understandwithout any preface what you choose to tell me."
euphra began at once:"i dreamed last night that i found myself outside the street door.
i did not know where i was going; but my feet seemed to know.
theycarried me, round two or three corners, into a wide, long street,which i think was oxford-street.
they carried me on into london,far beyond any quarter i knew.
all i can tell further is, that iturned to the left beside a church, on the steeple of which stoodwhat i took for a wandering ghost just lighted there; -- only i oughtto tell you, that frequently in my dreams -- always in my peculiardreams -- the more material and solid and ordinary things are, themore thin and ghostly they appear to me.
then i went on and on,turning left and right too many times for me to remember, till atlast i came to a little, old-fashioned court, with two or threetrees in it.
i had to go up a few steps to enter it.
i was notafraid, because i knew i was dreaming, and that my body was notthere.
it is a great relief to feel that sometimes; for it is oftenvery much in the way.
i opened a door, upon which the moon shonevery bright, and walked up two flights of stairs into a back room.
and there i found him, doing something at a table by candlelight.
he had a sheet of paper before him; but what he was doing with it,i could not see.
i tried hard; but it was of no use.
the dreamsuddenly faded, and i awoke, and found margaret.
-- then i knew i wassafe," she added, with a loving glance at her maid.
"i know the place you mean perfectly," he said.
"it is too peculiarto be mistaken.
last night, let me see, how did the moonshine?
i shall be able to tell the very door, i think, oralmost."
"how kind of you not to laugh at me!"
"i might make a fool of myself if i laughed at any one.
so igenerally avoid it.
we may as well get the good out of what we donot understand -- or at least try if there be any in it.
will youcome, sutherland?"
hugh rose, and took his leave with falconer.
"how pleased she seemed with you, falconer!"
said he, as they leftthe house.
"yes, she touched me."
"won't you go and see her again?"
"no; there is no need, except she sends for me."
"it would please her -- comfort her, i am sure."
"she has got one of god's angels beside her, sutherland.
shedoesn't want me."
"what do you mean?"
"i mean that maid of hers."
a pang -- of jealousy, was it?
-- shot through hugh's heart.
how couldhe see -- what right had he to see anything in margaret?
hugh might have kept himself at peace, even if he had loved margaretas much as she deserved, which would have been about ten times asmuch as he did.
is a man not to recognize an angel when he seesher, and to call her by her name?
had hugh seen into the core ofthat grand heart -- what form sat there, and how -- he would have beenat peace -- would almost have fallen down to do the man homage.
"my dear fellow!"
said falconer, as if he divined his feeling -- forfalconer's power over men and women came all from sympathy withtheir spirits, and not their nerves -- "if you have any hold of thatwoman, do not lose it; for as sure as there's a sun in heaven, sheis one of the winged ones.
don't i know a woman when i see her!"
he sighed with a kind of involuntary sigh, which yet did not seek tohide itself from hugh.
"my dear boy," he added, laying a stress on the word, " -- i am nearlytwice your age -- don't be jealous of me."
"mr. falconer," said hugh humbly, "forgive me.
the feeling wasinvoluntary; and if you have detected in it more than i was awareof, you are at least as likely to be right as i am.
but you cannotthink more highly of margaret than i do."
and yet hugh did not know half the good of her then, that the readerdoes now.
"well, we had better part now, and meet again at night."
"what time shall i come to you?"
about nine i think will do."
so hugh went home, and tried to turn his thoughts to his story; buteuphra, falconer, funkelstein, and margaret persisted in sitting tohim, the one after the other, instead of the heroes and heroines ofhis tale.
he was compelled to lay it aside, and betake himself to astroll and a pipe.
as he went down stairs, he met miss talbot.
"you're soon tired of home, mr. sutherland.
you haven't been inabove half an hour, and you're out again already."
"why, you see, miss talbot, i want a pipe very much."
"well, you ain't going to the public house to smoke it, are you?"
"no," answered hugh laughing.
"but you know, miss talbot, you madeit part of the agreement that i shouldn't smoke indoors.
so i'mgoing to smoke in the street."
"now, think of being taken that way!"
retorted miss talbot, with aninjured air.
"why, that was before i knew anything about you.
go upstairs directly, and smoke your pipe; and when the room can't holdany more, you can open the windows.
your smoke won't do any harm,mr. sutherland.
but i'm very sorry you quarrelled with mrs.appleditch.
she's a hard woman, and over fond of her money and herdrawing-room; and for those boys of hers -- the lord have mercy onthem, for she has none!
but she's a true christian for all that,and does a power of good among the poor people."
"what does she give them, miss talbot?"
-- she gives them -- hm-m -- tracts and things.
you know," sheadded, perceiving the weakness of her position, "people's soulsshould come first.
and poor mrs. appleditch -- you see -- some folks ismade stickier than others, and their money sticks to them, somehow,that they can't part with it -- poor woman!"
to this hugh had no answer at hand; for though miss talbot's logicwas more than questionable, her charity was perfectly sound; andhugh felt that he had not been forbearing enough with the mother ofthe future pastors.
so he went back to his room, lighted his pipe,and smoked till he fell asleep over a small volume of morbid moderndivinity, which miss talbot had lent him.
i do not mention the nameof the book, lest some of my acquaintance should abuse me, andothers it, more than either deserves.
hugh, however, found the bestrefuge from the diseased self-consciousness which it endeavoured torouse, and which is a kind of spiritual somnambulism, in an hour ofgod's good sleep, into a means of which the book was temporarilyelevated.
when he woke he found himself greatly refreshed by theinfluence it had exercised upon him.
it was now the hour for the daily pretence of going to dine.
so hewent out.
but all he had was some bread, which he ate as he walkedabout.
loitering here, and trifling there, passing five minutesover a volume on every bookstall in holborn, and comparing theshapes of the meerschaums in every tobacconist's window, time ambledgently along with him; and it struck nine just as he found himselfat falconer's door.
"you are ready, then?"
"will you take anything before you go?
i think we had better havesome supper first.
it is early for our project."
this was a welcome proposal to hugh.
cold meat and ale wereexcellent preparatives for what might be required of him; for atendency to collapse in a certain region, called by courtesy thechest, is not favourable to deeds of valour.
by the time he hadspent ten minutes in the discharge of the agreeable duty suggested,he felt himself ready for anything that might fall to his lot.
the friends set out together; and, under the guidance of the twoforemost bumps upon falconer's forehead, soon arrived at the placehe judged to be that indicated by euphra.
it was very differentfrom the place hugh had pictured to himself.
yet in everything itcorresponded to her description.
"are we not great fools, sutherland, to set out on such a chase,with the dream of a sick girl for our only guide?"
"i am sure you don't think so, else you would not have gone."
"i think we can afford the small risk to our reputation involved inthe chase of this same wild-goose.
there is enough of strangetestimony about things of the sort to justify us in attending to thehint.
besides, if we neglected it, it would be mortifying to findout some day, perhaps a hundred years after this, that it was a truehint.
it is altogether different from giving ourselves up to thepursuit of such things.
-- but this ought to be the house," he added,going up to one that had a rather more respectable look than therest.
he knocked at the door.
an elderly woman half opened it and lookedat them suspiciously.
"will you take my card to the foreign gentleman who is lodging withyou, and say i am happy to wait upon him?"
she glanced at him again, and turned inwards, hesitating whether toleave the door half-open or not.
falconer stood so close to it,however, that she was afraid to shut it in his face.
"now, sutherland, follow me," whispered falconer, as soon as thewoman had disappeared on the stair.
hugh followed behind the moving tower of his friend, who strode withlong, noiseless strides till he reached the stair.
that he tookthree steps at a time.
they went up two flights, and reached thetop just as the woman was laying her hand on the lock of theback-room door.
she turned and faced them.
"speak one word," said falconer, in a hissing whisper, "and -- "he completed the sentence by an awfully threatening gesture.
shedrew back in terror, and yielded her place at the door.
"come in," bawled some one, in second answer to the knock she hadalready given.
"it is he!"
said hugh, trembling with excitement.
said falconer, and went in.
he knew the back of the count at once.
he wasseated at a table, apparently writing; but, going nearer, they sawthat he was drawing.
a single closer glance showed them theportrait of euphra growing under his hand.
in order to intensifyhis will and concentrate it upon her, he was drawing her portraitfrom memory.
but at the moment they caught sight of it, the wretch,aware of a hostile presence, sprang to his feet, and reached thechimney-piece at one bound, whence he caught up a sword.
"take care, falconer," cried hugh; "that weapon is poisoned.
he isno every-day villain you have to deal with."
he remembered the cat.
funkelstein made a sudden lunge at hugh, his face pale with hatredand anger.
but a blow from falconer's huge fist, travelling fasterthan the point of his weapon, stretched him on the floor.
such wasfalconer's impetus, that it hurled both him and the table across thefallen villain.
falconer was up in a moment.
not so funkelstein.
there was plenty of time for hugh to secure the rapier, and forfalconer to secure its owner, before he came to himself.
"where's my ring?"
said hugh, the moment he opened his eyes.
"gentlemen, i protest," began funkelstein, in a voice upon which thecord that bound his wrists had an evident influence.
"we've got all our feathers.
hand overthe two rings, or be the security for them yourself."
"what witness have you against me?"
"the best of witnesses -- miss cameron."
"and me," added hugh.
"gentlemen, i am very sorry.
i yielded to temptation.
i meant torestore the diamond after the joke had been played out, but i wasforced to part with it."
"the joke is played out, you see," said falconer.
"so you had betterproduce the other bauble you stole at the same time."
"i have not got it."
"come, come, that's too much.
nobody would give you more than fiveshillings for it.
and you knew what it was worth when you took it.
sutherland, you stand over him while i search the room.
thisportrait may as well be put out of the way first."
as he spoke, falconer tore the portrait and threw it into the fire.
he then turned to a cupboard in the room.
whether it was thatfunkelstein feared further revelations, i do not know, but hequailed.
"i have not got it," he repeated, however.
"you lie," answered falconer.
"i would give it you if i could."
the bohemian looked contemptible enough now, despite thehandsomeness of his features.
it needed freedom, and the absence ofany urgency, to enable him to personate a gentleman.
given thoseconditions, he succeeded.
but as soon as he was disturbed, thegloss vanished, and the true nature came out, that of a ruffian anda sneak.
he quite quivered at the look with which falconer turnedagain to the cupboard.
"stop," he cried; "here it is."
and muttering what sounded like curses, he pulled out of his bosomthe ring, suspended from his neck"sutherland," said falconer, taking the ring, "secure that rapier,and be careful with it.
we will have its point tested.
meantime," -- here he turned again to his prisoner -- "i give youwarning that the moment i leave this house, i go to scotlandyard.
-- do you know the place?
i there recommend the police to lookafter you, and they will mind what i say.
if you leave london, amessage will be sent, wherever you go, that you had better bewatched.
my advice to you is, to stay where you are as long as youcan.
i shall meet you again."
they left him on the floor, to the care of his landlady, whom theyfound outside the room, speechless with terror.
as soon as they were in the square, on which the moon was nowshining, as it had shone in euphra's dream the night before,falconer gave the ring to hugh.
"take it to a jeweller's, sutherland, and get it cleaned, before yougive it to miss cameron."
"i will," answered hugh, and added, "i don't know how to thank you."
"then don't," said falconer, with a smile.
when they reached the end of the street, he turned, and bade hughgood night.
"take care of that cowardly thing.
it may be as you say."
hugh turned towards home.
falconer dived into a court, and was outof sight in a moment.
thou hast beenas one, in suffering all, that suffers nothing;a man that fortune's buffets and rewardshast ta'en with equal thanks; and blessed are thosewhose blood and judgment are so well commingledthat they are not a pipe for fortune's fingerto sound what stop she please.
most friends befriend themselves with friendship's show.
hugh took the ring to mrs. elton's, and gave it into margaret'shand.
she brought him back a message of warmest thanks from euphra.
she had asked for writing materials at once, and was nowcommunicating the good news to mr. arnold, in madeira.
"i have never seen her look so happy," added margaret.
"she hopes tobe able to see you in the evening, if you would not mind callingagain."
hugh did call, and saw her.
she received him most kindly.
he wasdistressed to see how altered she was.
the fire of one life seemeddying out -- flowing away and spending from her eyes, which itilluminated with too much light as it passed out.
but the fire ofanother life, the immortal life, which lies in thought and feeling,in truth and love divine, which death cannot touch, because it isnot of his kind, was growing as fast.
he sat with her for an hour,and then went.
this chapter of his own history concluded, hugh returned with freshenergy to his novel, and worked at it as his invention gave himscope.
there was the more necessity that he should make progress,from the fact that, having sent his mother the greater part of thesalary he had received from mr. arnold, he was now reduced to hislast sovereign.
poverty looks rather ugly when she comes so closeas this.
but she had not yet accosted him; and with a sovereign inhis pocket, and last week's rent paid, a bachelor is certainly notpoverty-stricken, at least when he is as independent, not only ofother people, but of himself, as hugh was.
still, without moremoney than that a man walks in fetters, and is ready to forget thatthe various restraints he is under are not incompatible with mosthonourable freedom.
so hugh worked as hard as he could to finishhis novel, and succeeded within a week.
then the real anxietybegan.
he carried it, with much doubtful hope, to one of theprincipal publishing houses.
had he been more selfishly wise, hewould have put it into the hands of falconer to negotiate for him.
but he thought he had given him quite trouble enough already.
sohe went without an introduction even.
the manuscript was receivedpolitely, and attention was promised.
but a week passed, andanother, and another.
a human soul was in commotion about the meatthat perisheth -- and the manuscript lay all the timeunread, -- forgotten in a drawer.
at length he reached his last coin.
he had had no meat for severaldays, except once that he dined at mrs. elton's.
but he would notborrow till absolutely compelled, and sixpence would keep him aliveanother day.
in the morning he had some breakfast (for he knew hisbooks were worth enough to pay all he owed miss talbot), and then hewandered out.
through the streets he paced and paced, looking in atall the silversmiths' and printsellers' windows, and solacing hispoverty with a favourite amusement of his in uneasy circumstances,an amusement cheap enough for a scotchman reduced to his lastsixpence -- castle-building.
this is not altogether a bad employmentwhere hope has laid the foundation; but it is rather a heartless onewhere the imagination has to draw the ground plan as well as theelevations.
the latter, however, was not quite hugh's conditionyet.
-- he returned at night, carefully avoiding the cook-shops andtheir kindred snares, with a silver groat in his pocket still.
buthe crawled up stairs rather feebly, it must be confessed, for ayouth with limbs moulded in the fashion of his.
he found a letter waiting him, from a friend of his mother,informing him that she was dangerously ill, and urging him to setoff immediately for home.
this was like the blast of fiery breathfrom the dragon's maw, which overthrew the red-cross knight -- butinto the well of life, where all his wounds were healed,and -- and -- well -- board and lodging provided him gratis.
when he had read the letter, he fell on his knees, and said to hisfather in heaven: "what am i to do?"
there was no lake with golden pieces in its bottom, whence a fishmight bring him a coin.
nor in all the wide london lay there one hecould claim as his, but the groat in his pocket.
he rose with the simple resolution to go and tell falconer.
he was not at home.
emboldened by necessity, hugh left hiscard, with the words on it: "come to me; i need you."
he thenreturned, packed a few necessaries, and sat down to wait.
but hehad not sat five minutes before falconer entered.
"what's the matter, sutherland, my dear fellow?
you haven't prickedyourself with that skewer, have you?"
hugh handed him the letter with one hand; and when he had read it,held out the fourpenny piece in the other hand, to be read likewise.
falconer understood at once.
"sutherland," he said, in a tone of reproof, "it is a shame of youto forget that men are brothers.
are not two who come out of theheart of god, as closely related as if they had lain in the womb ofone mother?
why did you not tell me?
you have suffered -- i am sureyou have."
"i have -- a little," hugh confessed.
"i am getting rather low infact.
i haven't had quite enough to eat."
he said this to excuse the tears which falconer's kindness -- nothunger--compelled from their cells.
"but," he added, "i would have come to you as soon as the fourpencewas gone; or at least, if i hadn't got another before i was veryhungry again."
exclaimed falconer, half angrily.
then pulling outhis watch, "we have two hours," said he, "before a train starts forthe north.
come to my place."
hugh rose and obeyed.
falconer's attendant soon brought them aplentiful supper from a neighbouring shop; after which falconer gotout one of his bottles of port, well known to his more intimatefriends; and hugh thought no more about money than if he had had hispurse full.
if it had not been for anxiety about his mother, hewould have been happier than he had ever been in his life before.
for, crossing in the night the wavering, heaving morass of theworld, had he not set his foot upon one spot which did not shake;the summit, indeed, of a mighty plutonic rock, that went downwidening away to the very centre of the earth?
as he sped along inthe railway that night, the prophecy of thousands of years cameback: "a man shall be a hiding-place from the wind, a covert fromthe tempest, the shadow of a great rock in a weary land."
and hethought it would be a blessed time indeed, when this was just what aman was.
and then he thought of the son of man, who, by being suchfirst, was enabling all his friends to be such too.
of him falconerhad already learned this "truth in the inward parts"; and had found,in the process of learning it, that this was the true nature whichgod had made his from the first, no new thing superinduced upon it.
he had had but to clear away the rubbish of worldliness, which moreor less buries the best natures for a time, and so to find himself.
after hugh had eaten and drunk, and thus once more experienced thedivinity that lay in food and wine, he went to take leave of hisfriends at mrs. elton's.
like most invalids, euphra was better inthe evening: she requested to see him.
he found her in bed, andmuch wasted since he saw her last.
he could not keep the tears fromfilling his eyes, for all the events of that day had brought themnear the surface.
"do not cry, dear friend," she said sweetly.
"there is no room forme here any more, and i am sent for."
hugh could not reply.
she went on:"i have written to mr. arnold about the ring, and all you did to getit.
do you know he is going to marry lady emily?"
still hugh could not answer.
margaret stood on the other side of the bed, the graceful embodimentof holy health, and in his sorrow, he could not help feeling thebeauty of her presence.
her lovely hands were the servants ofeuphra, and her light, firm feet moved only in ministration.
hefelt that euphra had room in the world while margaret waited on her.
it is not house, and fire, and plenty of servants, and all thethings that money can procure, that make a home -- not father ormother or friends; but one heart which will not be weary of helping,will not be offended with the petulance of sickness, nor theministrations needful to weakness: this "entire affection hatingnicer hands" will make a home of a cave in a rock, or a gipsy'stent.
this euphra had in margaret, and hugh saw it.
"i trust you will find your mother better, hugh" said euphra.
"i fear not," answered he.
"well, margaret has been teaching me, and i think i have learned it,that death is not at all such a dreadful thing as it looks.
i saidto her: 'it is easy for you, margaret, who are so far from death'sdoor.'
but she told me that she had been all but dead once, andthat you had saved her life almost with your own.
she issuch a dear!"
euphra smiled with ten times the fascination of any of her oldsmiles; for the soul of the smile was love.
"i shall never see you again, i daresay," she went on.
"my heartthanks you, from its very depths, for your goodness to me.
it hasbeen a thousand times more than i deserve."
hugh kissed in silence the wasted hand held out to him in adieu, anddeparted.
and the world itself was a sad wandering star.
falconer had called for him.
they drove to miss talbot's, wherehugh got his 'bag of needments,' and bade his landlady good-bye fora time.
falconer then accompanied him to the railway.
having left him for a moment, falconer rejoined him, saying: "i haveyour ticket;" and put him into a first-class carriage.
falconer replied:"i find this hulk of mine worth taking care of.
you will be twicethe good to your mother, if you reach her tolerably fresh."
he stood by the carriage door talking to him, till the trainstarted; walked alongside till it was fairly in motion; then,bidding him good-bye, left in his hand a little packet, which hugh,opening it by the light of the lamp, found to consist of a fewsovereigns and a few shillings folded up in a twenty-pound-note.
i ought to tell one other little fact, however.
just before theengine whistled, falconer said to hugh:"give me that fourpenny piece, you brave old fellow!"
"there it is," said hugh.
"what do you want it for?"
"i am going to make a wedding-present of it to your wife, whoevershe may happen to be.
i hope she will be worthy of it."
hugh instantly thought within himself:"what a wife margaret would make to falconer!"
the thought was followed by a pang, keen and clear.
those who are in the habit of regarding the real and the ideal asessentially and therefore irreconcileably opposed, will remark thati cannot have drawn the representation of falconer faithfully.
perhaps the difficulty they will experience in recognizing itstruthfulness, may spring from the fact that they themselves areun-ideal enough to belong to the not small class of strong-mindedfriends whose chief care, in performing the part of the rock in theweary land, is -- not to shelter you imprudently.
they are afraid ofweakening your constitution by it, especially if it is not strong tobegin with; so if they do just take off the edge of the tempest withthe sharp corners of their sheltering rock for a moment, the next,they will thrust you out into the rain, to get hardy andself-denying, by being wet to the skin and well blown about.
the rich easily learn the wisdom of solomon, but are unapt scholarsof him who is greater than solomon.
it is, on the other hand, soeasy for the poor to help each other, that they have little merit init: it is no virtue -- only a beauty.
but there are a few rich, who,rivalling the poor in their own peculiar excellences, enter into thekingdom of heaven in spite of their riches; and then find that bymeans of their riches they are made rulers over many cities.
she towhose memory this book is dedicated, is -- i will not say was -- one ofthe noblest of such.
there are two ways of accounting for the difficulty which a readermay find in believing in such a character: either that, not beingpoor, he has never needed such a friend; or that, being rich, he hasnever been such a friend.
or if it be that, being poor, he has never found such a friend; hisdifficulty is easy to remove: -- i have.
think then, my soul, that death is but a groomwhich brings a taper to the outward room,whence thou spy'st first a little glimmering light;and after brings it nearer to thy sight:for such approaches doth heaven make in death.
hugh found his mother even worse than he had expected; but sherallied a little after his arrival.
in the evening, he wandered out in the bright moonlit snow.
how strange it was to see all the old forms with his heart so fullof new things!
the same hills rose about him, with all the lines oftheir shapes unchanged in seeming.
yet they were changing as surelyas himself; nay, he continued more the same than they; for in himthe old forms were folded up in the new.
in the eyes of him whocreates time, there is no rest, but a living sacred change, ajourneying towards rest.
he alone rests; and he alone, in virtue ofhis rest, creates change.
he thought with sadness, how all the haunts of his childhood wouldpass to others, who would feel no love or reverence for them; thatthe house would be the same, but sounding with new steps, andringing with new laughter.
a little further thought, however, soonsatisfied him that places die as well as their dwellers; that, byslow degrees, their forms are wiped out; that the new tastesobliterate the old fashions; and that ere long the very shape of thehouse and farm would be lapped, as it were, about the tomb of himwho had been the soul of the shape, and would vanish from the faceof the earth.
all the old things at home looked sad.
the look came from this,that, though he could sympathize with them and their story, theycould not sympathize with him, and he suffused them with his ownsadness.
he could find no refuge in the past; he must go on intothe future.
his mother lingered for some time without any evident change.
hesat by her bedside the most of the day.
all she wanted was to havehim within reach of her feeble voice, that she might, when shepleased, draw him within touch of her feeble hand.
once she said:"my boy, i am going to your father."
"yes, mother, i think you are," hugh replied.
"how glad he will beto see you!"
"but i shall leave you alone."
"mother, i love god."
the mother looked at him, as only a mother can look, smiled sweetly,closed her eyes as with the weight of her contentment, fell asleepholding his hand, and slept for hours.
meanwhile, in london, margaret was watching euphra.
she was dying,and margaret was the angel of life watching over her.
"i shall get rid of my lameness there, margaret, shall i not?"
saideuphra, one day, half playfully.
"it will be delightful to walk again without pain."
"perhaps you will not get rid of it all at once, though."
"why do you think so?"
asked euphra, with some appearance ofuneasiness.
"because, if it is taken from you before you are quite willing tohave it as long as god pleases, by and by you will not be able torest, till you have asked for it back again, that you may bear itfor his sake."
"i am willing, margaret, i am willing.
only one can't like it, youknow."
"i know that," answered margaret.
she spoke no more, and margaret heard her weeping gently.
half anhour had passed away, when she looked up, and said:"margaret, dear, i begin to like my lameness, i think."
"why, just because god made it, and bade me bear it.
may i notthink it is a mark on me from his hand?"
"yes, i think so."
"why do you think it came on me?"
"to walk back to him with, dear."
"yes, yes; i see it all."
until now, margaret had not known to what a degree the lameness ofeuphra had troubled her.
that her pretty ankle should be deformed,and her light foot able only to limp, had been a source of realdistress to her, even in the midst of far deeper.
the days passed on, and every day she grew weaker.
she did notsuffer much, but nothing seemed to do her good.
mrs. elton waskindness itself.
harry was in dreadful distress.
he haunted herroom, creeping in whenever he had a chance, and sitting in cornersout of the way.
euphra liked to have him near her.
she seldomspoke to him, or to any one but margaret, for margaret alone couldhear with ease what she said.
but now and then she would motion himto her bedside, and say -- it was always the same --"harry, dear, be good."
"i will; indeed i will, dear euphra," was still harry's reply.
once, expressing to margaret her regret that she should be such atrouble to her, she said:"you have to do so much for me, that i am ashamed."
"do let me wash the feet of one of his disciples;" margaret replied,gently expostulating; after which, euphra never grumbled at her owndemands upon her.
again, one day, she said:"i am not right at all to-day, margaret.
god can't love me, i am sohateful."
"don't measure god's mind by your own, euphra.
it would be a poorlove that depended not on itself, but on the feelings of the personloved.
a crying baby turns away from its mother's breast, but shedoes not put it away till it stops crying.
she holds it closer.
for my part, in the worst mood i am ever in, when i don't feel ilove god at all, i just look up to his love.
i say to him: 'look atme.
see what state i am in.
you would wonder howthat makes peace.
and the love comes of itself; sometimes sostrong, it nearly breaks my heart."
"but there is a text i don't like."
"take another, then."
"but it will keep coming."
"give it back to god, and never mind it."
"but would that be right?"
"one day, when i was a little girl, so high, i couldn't eat myporridge, and sat looking at it.
'eat your porridge,' said mymother.
'i don't want it,' i answered.
'there's nothing else foryou,' said my mother -- for she had not learned so much from my fatherthen, as she did before he died.
said my father -- i cannot,dear euphra, make his words into english."
"no, no, don't," said euphra; "i shall understand them perfectly."
janet, my woman!'
said my father.
'gie the bairn a dish o'tay.
wadna ye like some tay, maggy, my doo?'
'ay wad i,' said i.
'the parritch is guid eneuch," said my mother.
'nae doot aboot theparritch, woman; it's the bairn's stamack, it's no the parritch.'
my mother said no more, but made me a cup of such nice tea; forwhenever she gave in, she gave in quite.
i drank it; and, half fromanxiety to please my mother, half from reviving hunger, attacked theporridge next, and ate it up.
'leuk at that!'
said my father.
'janet, my woman, gie a body the guid that they can tak', an'they'll sune tak' the guid that they canna.
ye're better noo,maggy, my doo?'
i never told him that i had taken the porridge toosoon after all, and had to creep into the wood, and be sick.
but itis all the same for the story."
euphra laughed a feeble but delighted laugh, and applied the storyfor herself.
so the winter days passed on.
"i wish i could live till the spring," said euphra.
"i should liketo see a snowdrop and a primrose again."
"perhaps you will, dear; but you are going into a better spring.
icould almost envy you, euphra."
"but shall we have spring there?"
"i think so."
"i think we shall -- better than here."
"but they will not mean so much."
"then they won't be so good.
but i should think they would meanever so much more, and be ever so much more spring-like.
they willbe the spring-flowers to all winters in one, i think."
folded in the love of this woman, anointed for her death by herwisdom, baptized for the new life by her sympathy and its tears,euphra died in the arms of margaret.
margaret wept, fell on her knees, and gave god thanks.
mrs. eltonwas so distressed, that, as soon as the funeral was over, she brokeup her london household, sending some of the servants home to thecountry, and taking some to her favourite watering place, to whichharry also accompanied her.
she hoped that, now the affair of the ring was cleared up, shemight, as soon as hugh returned, succeed in persuading him to followthem to devonshire, and resume his tutorship.
this would satisfyher anxiety about hugh and harry both.
hugh's mother died too, and was buried.
when he returned from thegrave which now held both father and mother, he found a short notefrom margaret, telling him that euphra was gone.
sorrow is easierto bear when it comes upon sorrow; but he could not help feeling akeen additional pang, when he learned that she was dead whom he hadloved once, and now loved better.
margaret's note informed himlikewise that euphra had left a written request, that her diamondring should be given to him to wear for her sake.
he prepared to leave the home whence all the homeness had nowvanished, except what indeed lingered in the presence of an oldnurse, who had remained faithful to his mother to the last.
thebody itself is of little value after the spirit, the love, is out ofit: so the house and all the old things are little enough, after theloved ones are gone who kept it alive and made it home.
all that hugh could do for this old nurse was to furnish a cottagefor her out of his mother's furniture, giving her everything sheliked best.
then he gathered the little household treasures, thefew books, the few portraits and ornaments, his father's sword, andhis mother's wedding-ring; destroyed with sacred fire all writtenpapers; sold the remainder of the furniture, which he would gladlyhave burnt too, and so proceeded to take his last departure from thehome of his childhood.
die frauen sind ein liebliches geheimniss, nur verhüllt, nichtverschlossen.
- moralische ansichten.
women are a lovely mystery -- veiled, however, not shut up.
her twilights were more clear than our mid-day;she dreamt devoutlier than most used to pray.
perhaps the greatest benefit that resulted to hugh from being thusmade a pilgrim and a stranger in the earth, was, that nature herselfsaw him, and took him in, hitherto, as i have already said, hugh'sacquaintance with nature had been chiefly a second-hand one -- he knewfriends of hers.
nature in poetry -- not in the form of thomsonian orcowperian descriptions, good as they are, but closely interwovenwith and expository of human thought and feeling -- had long been dearto him.
in this form he had believed that he knew her so well, asto be able to reproduce the lineaments of her beloved face.
but nowshe herself appeared to him -- the grand, pure, tender mother, ancientin years, yet ever young; appeared to him, not in the mirror of aman's words, but bending over him from the fathomless bosom of thesky, from the outspread arms of the forest-trees, from the silentjudgment of the everlasting hills.
she spoke to him from the depthsof air, from the winds that harp upon the boughs, and trumpet uponthe great caverns, and from the streams that sing as they go to belost in rest.
she would have shone upon him out of the eyes of herinfants, the flowers, but they had their faces turned to her breastnow, hiding from the pale blue eyes and the freezing breath of oldwinter, who was looking for them with his face bent close to theirrefuge.
and he felt that she had a power to heal and to instruct;yea, that she was a power of life, and could speak to the heart andconscience mighty words about god and truth and love.
for he did not forsake his dead home in haste.
he lingered over it,and roamed about its neighbourhood.
regarding all about him withquiet, almost passive spirit, he was astonished to find how his eyesopened to see nature in the mass.
before, he had beheld onlyportions and beauties.
when or how the change passed upon him hecould not tell.
but he no longer looked for a pretty eyebrow or alovely lip on the face of nature: the soul of nature looked out uponhim from the harmony of all, guiding him unsought to the discoveryof a thousand separate delights; while from the expanded vision newmeanings flashed upon him every day.
he beheld in the great all theexpression of the thoughts and feelings of the maker of the heavensand the earth and the sea and the fountains of water.
the powers ofthe world to come, that is, the world of unseen truth and idealreality, were upon him in the presence of the world that now is.
for the first time in his life, he felt at home with nature; andwhile he could moan with the wintry wind, he no longer sighed in thewintry sunshine, that foretold, like the far-off flutter of aherald's banner, the approach of victorious lady-spring.
with the sorrow and loneliness of loss within him, and nature aroundhim seeming to sigh for a fuller expression of the thought thatthrobbed within her, it is no wonder that the form of margaret, thegathering of the thousand forms of nature into one intensity andharmony of loveliness, should rise again upon the world of hisimagination, to set no more.
father and mother were gone.
nature lay around him like a shining disk, thatneeded a visible centre of intensest light -- a shield of silver, thatneeded but a diamond boss: margaret alone could be that centre -- thatdiamond light-giver; for she alone, of all the women he knew, seemedso to drink of the sun-rays of god, as to radiate them forth, forvery fulness, upon the clouded world.
she had dawned on him like a sweet crescent moon, hanging far-off ina cold and low horizon: now, lifting his eyes, he saw that same moonnearly at the full, and high overhead, yet leaning down towards himthrough the deep blue air, that overflowed with her calm triumph oflight.
he knew that he loved her now.
he knew that every place hewent through, caught a glimmer of romance the moment he thought ofher; that every most trifling event that happened to himself, lookedlike a piece of a story-book the moment he thought of telling it toher.
but the growth of these feelings had been gradual -- so slow andgradual, that when he recognized them, it seemed to him as if he hadfelt them from the first.
the fact was, that as soon as he began tobe capable of loving margaret, he had begun to love her.
he hadnever been able to understand her till he was driven into thedesert.
but now that nature revealed herself to him full of life,yea, of the life of life, namely, of god himself, it was naturalthat he should honour and love that 'lady of her own'; that heshould recognize margaret as greater than himself, as nearer to theheart of nature -- yea, of god the father of all.
she had been onewith nature from childhood, and when he began to be one with naturetoo, he must become one with her.
and now, in absence, he began to study the character of her whom, inpresence, he had thought he knew perfectly.
he soon found that itwas a manoa, a golden city in a land of paradise -- too good to bebelieved in, except by him who was blessed with the beholding of it.
he knew now that she had always understood what he was only justwaking to recognize.
and he felt that the scholar had been verypatient with the stupidity of the master, and had drawn from hislessons a nourishment of which he had known nothing himself.
but dared he think of marrying her, a creature inspired with apresence of the spirit of god which none but the saints enjoy, andthence clothed with a garment of beauty, which her spirit wove outof its own loveliness?
she was a being to glorify any man merely bygranting him her habitual presence: what, then, if she gave herlove!
she would bring with her the presence of god himself, for shewalked ever in his light, and that light clung to her and radiatedfrom her.
true, many young maidens must be walking in the sunshineof god, else whence the light and loveliness and bloom, the smileand the laugh of their youth?
but margaret not only walked in thislight: she knew it and whence it came.
she looked up to its source,and it illuminated her face.
the silent girl of old days, whose countenance wore the stillness ofan unsunned pool, as she listened with reverence to his lessons, hadblossomed into the calm, stately woman, before whose presence hefelt rebuked he knew not why, upon whose face lay slumberingthought, ever ready to wake into life and motion.
dared he loveher?
dared he tell her that he loved her?
dared he, so poor, soworthless, seek for himself such a world's treasure?
-- he might haveknown that worth does not need honour; that its lowliness is contentwith ascribing it.
some of my readers may be inclined to think that i hide, for thesake of my hero -- poor little hero, one of god's children, learningto walk -- an inevitable struggle between his love and his pride;inasmuch as, being but a tutor, he might be expected to think themore of his good family, and the possibility of his one day comingto honour without the drawback of having done anything to merit it,a title being almost within his grasp; while margaret was aploughman's daughter, and a lady's maid.
but, although i know moreof hugh's faults than i have thought it at all necessary to bringout in my story, i protest that, had he been capable of giving thename of love to a feeling in whose presence pride dared to speak, ishould have considered him unworthy of my poor pen.
in plainlanguage, i doubt if i should have cared to write his story at all.
he gathered together, as i have said, the few memorials of the oldship gone down in the quiet ocean of time; paid one visit ofsorrowful gladness to his parent's grave, over which he raised nofutile stone -- leaving it, like the forms within it, in the hands ofholy decay; and took his road -- whither?
to margaret's home -- to seeold janet; and to go once to the grave of his second father.
thenhe would return to the toil and hunger and hope of london.
what made hugh go to turriepuffit?
his love to margaret?
abetter motive even than that: -- repentance.
better i mean for hughas to the individual occasion; not in itself; for love is deeperthan repentance, seeing that without love there can be norepentance.
he had repented before; but now that he haunted insilence the regions of the past, the whole of his history inconnection with david returned on him clear and vivid, as if passingonce again before his eyes and through his heart; and he repentedmore deeply still.
perhaps he was not quite so much to blame as hethought himself.
perhaps only now was it possible for the seeds oftruth, which david had sown in his heart, to show themselves abovethe soil of lower, yet ministering cares.
they had needed to lie awinter long in the earth.
now the keen blasts and grinding frostshad done their work, and they began to grow in the tearful prime.
sorrow for loss brought in her train sorrow for wrong -- a sistermore solemn still, and with a deeper blessing in the voice of herloving farewell.
-- it is a great mistake to suppose that sorrow is apart of repentance.
it is far too good a grace to come so easily.
a man may repent, that is, think better of it, and change his way,and be very much of a pharisee -- i do not say a hypocrite -- for a longtime after: it needs a saint to be sorrowful.
yet repentance isgenerally the road to this sorrow.
-- and now that in the gracioustime of grief, his eyesight purified by tears, he entered one afteranother all the chambers of the past, he humbly renewed once morehis friendship with the noble dead, and with the homely, heartfulliving.
the grey-headed man who walked with god like a child, andwith his fellow-men like an elder brother who was always forgettinghis birthright and serving the younger; the woman who believed whereshe could not see, and loved where she could not understand; and themaiden who was still and lustreless, because she ever absorbed andseldom reflected the light -- all came to him, as if to comfort himonce more in his loneliness, when his heart had room for them, andneed of them yet again.
david now became, after his departure, yetmore of a father to him than before, for that spirit, which is thetrue soul of all this body of things, had begun to recall to hismind the words of david, and so teach him the things that davidknew, the everlasting realities of god.
and it seemed to him thewhile, that he heard david himself uttering, in his homely, kinglyvoice, whatever truth returned to him from the echo-cave of thepast.
even when a quite new thought arose within him, it came tohim in the voice of david, or at least with the solemn music of histones clinging about it as the murmur about the river's course.
experience had now brought him up to the point where he could beginto profit by david's communion; he needed the things which davidcould teach him; and david began forthwith to give them to him.
that birth of nature in his soul, which enabled him to understandand love margaret, helped him likewise to contemplate withadmiration and awe, the towering peaks of david's hopes, trusts, andaspirations.
he had taught the ploughman mathematics, but thatploughman had possessed in himself all the essential elements of thegrandeur of the old prophets, glorified by the faith which the sonof man did not find in the earth, but left behind him to grow in it,and which had grown to a noble growth of beauty and strength in thispeasant, simple and patriarchal in the midst of a self-conceitedage.
how good he had been to him!
he had built a housethat he might take him in from the cold, and make life pleasant tohim, as in the presence of god.
he had given him his heart everytime he gave him his great manly hand.
and this man, this friend,this presence of christ, hugh had forsaken, neglected, all butforgotten.
he could not go, and, like the prodigal, fall downbefore him, and say, "father, i have sinned against heaven andthee," for that heaven had taken him up out of his sight.
he couldonly weep instead, and bitterly repent.
yes; there was one thingmore he could do.
janet still lived.
he would go to her, andconfess his sin, and beg her forgiveness.
receiving it, he would beat peace.
he knew david forgave him, whether he confessed or not;and that, if he were alive, david would seek his confession only asthe casting away of the separation from his heart, as the banishmentof the worldly spirit, and as the natural sign by which he mightknow that hugh was one with him yet.
janet was david's representative on earth: he would go to her.
so he returned, rich and great; rich in knowing that he was thechild of him to whom all the gold mines belong; and great in thathumility which alone recognizes greatness, and in the beginnings ofthat meekness which shall inherit the earth.
no more would he stunthis spiritual growth by self-satisfaction.
no more would he layaside, in the cellars of his mind, poor withered bulbs of opinions,which, but for the evil ministrations of that self-satisfaction,seeking to preserve them by drying and salting, might have beenalready bursting into blossoms of truth, of infinite loveliness.
he knew that margaret thought far too well of him -- honoured himgreatly beyond his deserts.
he would not allow her to be any longerthus deceived.
he would tell her what a poor creature he was.
buthe would say, too, that he hoped one day to be worthy of her praise,that he hoped to grow to what she thought him.
if he should fail inconvincing her, he would receive all the honour she gave him humbly,as paid, not to him, but to what he ought to be.
god grant it mightbe as to his future self!
in this mood he went to janet.
er stand vor der himmlischen jungfrau.
da hob er den leichten,glänzenden schleir, und -- rosenblüthchen sank in seinearme.
-- die lehrlinge zu sais.
he stood before the heavenly virgin (isis, the goddess of nature).
then lifted he the light, shining veil, and -- rosebud (his old love)sank into his arms.
so womanly, so benigne, and so meek.
of good women.
it was with a mingling of strange emotions, that hugh approached thescene of those not very old, and yet, to his feeling, quite earlymemories.
the dusk was beginning to gather.
the hoar-frost laythick on the ground.
the pine-trees stood up in the cold, looking,in their garment of spikes, as if the frost had made them.
the rimeon the gate was unfriendly, and chilled his hand.
he turned intothe footpath.
he saw the room david had built for him.
its thatchwas one mass of mosses, whose colours were hidden now in thecuckoo-fruit of the frost.
how death had cast his deeperfrost over all; for the man was gone from the hearth!
but neitherold winter nor skeleton death can withhold the feet of the littlechild spring.
she is stronger than both.
love shall conquer hate;and god will overcome sin.
he drew nigh to the door, trembling.
it seemed strange to him thathis nerves only, and not his mind, should feel.
-- in moments ofunusual excitement, it sometimes happens that the only consciousnessa strong man has of emotion, lies in an unwonted physical vibration,the mind itself refusing to be disturbed.
it is, however, but aseeming: the emotion is so deep, that consciousness can lay hold ofits physical result only.
-- the cottage looked the same as ever, onlythe peat-stack outside was smaller.
in the shadowiness of the firs,the glimmer of a fire was just discernible on the kitchen window.
he trembled so much that he could not enter.
he would go into thefir-wood first, and see margaret's tree, as he always called it inhis thoughts and dreams.
very poor and stunted and meagre looked the fir-trees ofturriepuffit, after the beeches and elms of arnstead.
the eveningwind whistled keen and cold through their dry needles, and made themmoan, as if because they were fettered, and must endure the winterin helpless patience.
here and there amongst them, rose the titansof the little forest -- the huge, old, contorted, wizard-like, yetbenevolent beings -- the scotch firs.
towards one of these he benthis way.
it was the one under which he had seen margaret, when hemet her first in the wood, with her whole soul lost in the waving ofits wind-swung, sun-lighted top, floating about in the sea of airlike a golden nest for some silvery bird of heaven.
to think thatthe young girl to whom he had given the primrose he had just found,the then first-born of the spring, should now be the queen of hisheart!
her childish dream of the angel haunting the wood had beentrue, only she was the angel herself.
he drew near the place.
howwell he knew it!
he seated himself, cold as it was in the februaryof scotland, at the foot of the blessed tree.
he did not know thatit was cold.
while he sat with his eyes fixed on the ground, a light rustle inthe fallen leaves made him raise them suddenly.
it was all winterand fallen leaves about him; but he lifted his eyes, and in his soulit was summer: margaret stood before him.
he was not in the leastsurprised.
for how can one wonder to see before his eyes, the formof which his soul is full?
-- there is no shock.
she stood a littleway off, looking -- as if she wanted to be sure before she moved astep.
she was dressed in a grey winsey gown, close to her throatand wrists.
she had neither shawl nor bonnet.
her fine health kepther warm, even in a winter wood at sun-down.
she looked just thesame; -- at home everywhere; most at home in nature's secret chamber.
like the genius of the place, she made the winter-wood look homely.
what were the oaks and beeches of arnstead now?
homeliness andglory are heaven.
she came nearer.
he murmured, and would have risen.
"no, no; sit still," she rejoined, in a pleading tone.
"i thought itwas the angel in the picture.
now i know it.
sit still, dear mr.sutherland, one moment more."
humbled by his sense of unworthiness, and a little distressed thatshe could so quietly reveal the depth of her feeling towards him, hesaid:"ah, margaret!
i wish you would not praise one so little deservingit."
she repeated, with an accent of wonder.
"i praise you!
no, mr. sutherland; that i am not guilty of.
next to my father,you made me know and feel.
and as i walked here, i was thinking ofthe old times, and older times still; and all at once i saw the verypicture out of the old bible."
she came close to him now.
he rose, trembling, but held out nohand, uttered no greeting.
"margaret, dare i love you?"
she looked at him with wide-open eyes.
she said; and her eyes did not move from his.
a slightrose-flush bloomed out on her motionless face.
"will you be my wife?"
he said, trembling yet more.
she made no answer, but looked at him still, with parted lips,motionless.
"i am very poor, margaret.
i could not marry now."
it was a stupid speech, but he made it.
"i don't care," she answered, with a voice like thinking, "if younever marry me."
he misunderstood her, and turned cold to the very heart.
hemisunderstood her stillness.
her heart lay so deep, that it took along time for its feelings to reach and agitate the surface.
hesaid no more, but turned away with a sigh.
"come home to my mother," she said.
he obeyed mechanically, and walked in silence by her side.
theyreached the cottage and entered.
margaret said: "here he is,mother;" and disappeared.
janet was seated -- in her widow's mutch, with the plain black ribbondown both sides, and round the back -- in the arm-chair by the fire,pondering on the past, or gently dreaming of him that was gone.
sheturned her head.
sorrow had baptized her face with a newgentleness.
the tender expression which had been but occasionalwhile her husband lived, was almost constant now.
she did notrecognize hugh.
he saw it, and it added weight to his despair.
hewas left outside.
he said, involuntarily.
she started to her feet, cried: "my bairn!
threw her armsaround him, and laid her head on his bosom.
hugh sobbed as if hisheart would break.
janet wept, but her weeping was quiet as asummer rain.
he led her to her chair, knelt by her side, and hidinghis face in her lap like a child, faltered out, interrupted byconvulsive sobs:"forgive me; forgive me.
i don't deserve it, but forgive me."
my bonny man!
dinna greet that gait.
what are ye greetin' for?
are na ye come hame to yerain?
didna dawvid aye say -- 'gie the lad time, woman.
it's uncochaip, for the lord's aye makin't.
the best things is aye the maistplentifu'.
gie the lad time, my bonny woman!'
-- didna he say that?
ay, he ca'd me his bonny woman, ill as i deserved it at his han'.
an' it's no for me to say ae word agen you, maister sutherlan', ginye had been a hantle waur nor a young thochtless lad cudna weel helpbein'.
an' noo ye're come hame, an' nothing cud glaidden my heartmair, 'cep', maybe, the maister himsel' was to say to my man:'dawvid!
hugh could make no reply.
he got hold of margaret's creepie, whichstood in its usual place, and sat down upon it, at the old woman'sfeet.
she gazed in his face for a while, and then, putting her armround his neck, drew his head to her bosom, and fondled him as if hehad been her own first-born.
yer bonnie face is sharp an' sma' to what it used to be,maister sutherlan'.
i doot ye hae come through a heap o' trouble."
"i'll tell you all about it," said hugh.
"na, na; bide still a wee.
i ken a' aboot it frae maggy.
ye're clean perished wi' cauld.
lat me up, my bairn."
janet rose, and made up the fire, which soon cast a joyful glowthroughout the room.
the peat-fire in the little cottage was a goodsymbol of the heart of its mistress: it gave far more heat thanlight.
and for my part, dear as light is, i like heat better.
shethen put on the kettle, -- or the boiler i think she calledit -- saying:"i'm jist gaein' to mak' ye a cup o' tay, mr. sutherlan'.
it's thehandiest thing, ye ken.
an' i doot ye're muckle in want o'something.
wad ye no tak' a drappy oot o' the bottle, i' the manetime?"
"no, thank you," said hugh, who longed to be alone, for his heartwas cold as ice; "i would rather wait for the tea; but i should beglad to have a good wash, after my journey."
"come yer wa's, than, ben the hoose.
i'll jist gang an' get adrappy o' het water in a decanter.
bide ye still by the fire."
hugh stood, and gazed into the peat-fire.
but he saw nothing in it.
a light step passed him several times, but he did not heed it.
theloveliest eyes looked earnestly towards him as they passed, but hiswere not lifted to meet their gaze.
"noo, maister sutherlan', come this way."
hugh was left alone at length, in the room where david had slept,where david had used to pray.
he fell on his knees, and rosecomforted by the will of god.
a few things of margaret's were aboutthe room.
the dress he had seen her in at mrs. elton's, was hangingby the bed.
he kissed the folds of the garment, and said: "god'swill be done."
he had just finished a hasty ablution when janetcalled him.
"come awa', maister sutherlan'; come ben to yer ain chaumer," saidshe, leading the way to the room she still called the study.
margaret was there.
the room was just as he had left it.
a brightfire was on the hearth.
tea was on the table, with eggs, andoatcakes, and flour-scones in abundance; for janet had the best shecould get for margaret, who was only her guest for a little while.
but hugh could not eat.
janet looked distressed, and margaretglanced at him uneasily.
"do eat something, mr. sutherland," said margaret.
hugh looked at her involuntarily.
she did not understand his look,and it alarmed her.
his countenance was changed.
"what is the matter, dear -- hugh?"
she said, rising, and laying herhand on his shoulder.
lassie," broke in her mother; "are ye makin' love till aman, a gentleman, afore my verra een?"
"he did it first, mother," answered margaret, with a smile.
a pang of hope shot through hugh's heart.
that's the gait o't, is't?
the bairn's gane dementit!
ye'reno efter merryin' a gentleman, maggy?
na, na, lass!"
so saying, the old lady, rather crossly, and very imprudently, leftthe room to fill the teapot in the kitchen.
"do you remember this?"
said margaret, -- who felt that hugh must havemisunderstood something or other, -- taking from her pocket a littlebook, and from the book a withered flower.
hugh saw that it was like a primrose, and hoped against hope that itwas the one which he had given to her, on the spring morning in thefir-wood.
still, a feeling very different from his might have madeher preserve it.
he must know all about it.
"why did you keep that?"
"because i loved you."
didn't you know?"
"why did you say, then, that you didn't care if -- if -- ?"
"because love is enough, hugh.
-- that was why."
