in a kitchen of moderate size, flagged with slate, humble in itsappointments, yet looking scarcely that of a farmhouse--for there wereutensils about it indicating necessities more artificial than usuallygrow upon a farm--with the corner of a white deal table between them,sat two young people evidently different in rank, and meeting upon nolevel of friendship.
the young woman held in her hand a paper, whichseemed the subject of their conversation.
she was about four- orfive-and-twenty, well grown and not ungraceful, with dark hair, darkhazel eyes, and rather large, handsome features, full of intelligence,but a little hard, and not a little regnant--as such features must be,except after prolonged influence of a heart potent in self-subjugation.
as to her social expression, it was a mingling of the gentlewoman ofeducation, and the farmer's daughter supreme over the household and itsshare in the labor of production.
as to the young man, it would have required a deeper-seeing eye thanfalls to the lot of most observers, not to take him for a weaker naturethan the young woman; and the deference he showed her as the superior,would have enhanced the difficulty of a true judgment.
he was tall andthin, but plainly in fine health; had a good forehead, and a clear hazeleye, not overlarge or prominent, but full of light; a firm mouth, with acurious smile; a sun-burned complexion; and a habit when perplexed ofpinching his upper lip between his finger and thumb, which at thepresent moment he was unconsciously indulging.
he was the son of a smallfarmer--in what part of scotland is of little consequence--and hiscompanion for the moment was the daughter of the laird.
"i have glanced over the poem," said the lady, "and it seems to me quiteup to the average of what you see in print."
"would that be reason for printing it, ma'am?"
asked the man, withamused smile.
"it would be for the editor to determine," she answered, not perceivingthe hinted objection.
"you will remember, ma'am, that i never suggested--indeed i neverthought of such a thing!"
"i do not forget.
it was your mother who drew my attention to theverses."
"i must speak to my mother!"
he said, in a meditative way.
"you can not object to _my_ seeing your work!
she does not show it toeverybody.
it is most creditable to you, such an employment of yourleisure."
"the poem was never meant for any eyes but my own--except my brother's."
"what was the good of writing it, if no one was to see it?"
"the writing of it, ma'am."
"for the exercise, you mean?"
"no; i hardly mean that."
"i am afraid then i do not understand you."
"do _you_ never write anything but what you publish?"
_i_ never publish!
what made you think of such a thing?"
"that you know so much about it, ma'am."
"i know people connected with the papers, and thought it might encourageyou to see something in print.
the newspapers publish so many poemsnow!"
"i wish it hadn't been just that one my mother gave you!"
"for one thing, it is not finished--as you will see when you read itmore carefully."
"i did see a line i thought hardly rhythmical, but--""excuse me, ma'am; the want of rhythm there was intentional."
"i am sorry for that.
intention is the worst possible excuse for wrong!
the accent should always be made to fall in the right place."
"beyond a doubt--but might not the right place alter with the sense?"
the rule is strict""is there no danger of making the verse monotonous?"
"not that i know."
"i have an idea, ma'am, that our great poets owe much of their music tothe liberties they take with the rhythm.
they treat the rule as itsmasters, and break it when they see fit."
"you must be wrong there!
but in any case you must not presume to takethe liberties of a great poet""it is a poor reward for being a great poet to be allowed to takeliberties.
i should say that, doing their work to the best of theirpower, they were rewarded with the discovery of higher laws of verse.
every one must walk by the light given him.
by the rules which othershave laid down he may learn to walk; but once his heart is awake totruth, and his ear to measure, melody and harmony, he must walk by thelight, and the music god gives him."
"that is dangerous doctrine, andrew!"
said the lady, with a superiorsmile.
"but," she continued, "i will mark what faults i see, and pointthem out to you."
"thank you, ma'am, but please do not send the verses anywhere."
"i will not, except i find them worthy.
you need not be afraid.
for myfather's sake i will have an eye to your reputation."
"i am obliged to you, ma'am," returned andrew, but with his curioussmile, hard to describe.
it had in it a wonderful mixing of sweetnessand humor, and a something that seemed to sit miles above his amusement.
a heavenly smile it was, knowing too much to be angry.
it had in itneither offense nor scorn.
in respect of his poetry he was shy like agirl, but he showed no rejection of the patronage forced upon him by thelady.
he rose and stood a moment.
"well, andrew, what is it?"
"when will you allow me to call for the verses?"
"in the course of a week or so.
by that time i shall have made up mymind.
if in doubt, i shall ask my father."
"i wouldn't like the laird to think i spend my time on poetry."
"you write poetry, andrew!
a man should not do what he would not haveknown."
"that is true, ma'am; i only feared an erroneous conclusion."
"i will take care of that.
my father knows that you are a hard-workingyoung man.
there is not one of his farms in better order than yours.
were it otherwise, i should not be so interested in your poetry."
andrew wished her less interested in it.
to have his verses read waslike having a finger poked in his eye.
he had not known that his motherlooked at his papers.
but he showed little sign of his annoyance, badethe lady good-morning, and left the kitchen.
miss fordyce followed him to the door, and stood for a moment lookingout.
in front of her was a paved court, surrounded with low buildings,between two of which was visible, at the distance of a mile or so, arailway line where it approached a viaduct.
she heard the sound of acoming train, and who in a country place will not stand to see one pass!
while the two were talking, a long train, part carriages, part trucks,was rattling through a dreary country, where it could never have beenwere there not regions very different on both sides of it.
for miles inany direction, nothing but humpy moorland was to be seen, a gathering oflow hills, with now and then a higher one, its sides broken byoccasional torrents, in poor likeness of a mountain.
no smoke proclaimedthe presence of human dwelling; but there were spots between the hillswhere the hand of man had helped the birth of a feeble fertility; and infront was a small but productive valley, on the edge of which stood theancient house of potlurg, with the heath behind it: over a narrow branchof this valley went the viaduct.
it was a slow train, with few passengers.
of these one was looking fromhis window with a vague, foolish sense of superiority, thinking what aforgotten, scarce created country it seemed.
he was a well-dressed,good-looking fellow, with a keen but pale-gray eye, and a fine forehead,but a chin such as is held to indicate weakness.
more than one, however,of the strongest women i have known, were defective in chin.
the youngman was in the only first-class carriage of the train, and alone in it.
dressed in a gray suit, he was a little too particular in the smallerpoints of his attire, and lacked in consequence something of the look ofa gentleman.
every now and then he would take off his hard round hat,and pass a white left hand through his short-cut mousey hair, while hisright caressed a far longer mustache, in which he seemed interested.
acertain indescribable heaviness and lack of light characterized his paleface.
it was a lovely day in early june.
the air was rather cold, but youthand health care little about temperature on a holiday, with the sunshining, and that sweetest sense--to such at least as are ordinarilybound by routine--of having nothing to do.
to many men and women thegreatest trouble is to choose, for self is the hardest of masters toplease; but as yet george crawford had not been troubled with muchchoosing.
a crowded town behind him, the loneliness he looked upon was a pleasureto him.
compelled to spend time in it, without the sense of being on theway out of it, his own company would soon have grown irksome to him; forhowever much men may be interested in themselves, there are few indeedwho are interesting to themselves.
those only whose self is aware of ahigher presence can escape becoming bores and disgusts to themselves.
that every man is endlessly greater than what he calls himself, mustseem a paradox to the ignorant and dull, but a universe would beimpossible without it.
george had not arrived at the discovery of thisfact, and yet was for the present contented both with himself and withhis circumstances.
the heather was not in bloom, and the few flowers of the heathy landmade no show.
brown and darker brown predominated, with here and there ashadow of green; and, weary of his outlook, george was settling back tohis book, when there came a great bang and a tearing sound.
he startedto his feet, and for hours knew nothing more.
a truck had run off theline and turned over; the carriage in which he was had followed it, andone of the young man's legs was broken.
there is an accident on the line!"
cried miss fordyce,running into her father's study, where he sat surrounded with books.
"isaw it from the door!"
returned the old man, and listened.
"i hear the train going on,"he said, after a moment.
"part of it is come to grief, i am certain," answered his daughter.
"isaw something fall."
"well, my dear?"
"what _shall_ we do?"
"what would you have us do?"
rejoined her father, without a movementtoward rising.
"it is too far off for us to be of any use."
"we ought to go and see."
"i am not fond of such seeing, alexa, and will not go out of my way forit.
the misery i can not avoid is enough for me."
but alexa was out of the room, and in a moment more was running, in asstraight a line as she could keep, across the heath to the lowembankment.
andrew caught sight of her running.
he could not see theline, but convinced that something was the matter, turned and ran in thesame direction.
it was a hard and long run for alexa, over such ground.
troubled at herfather's indifference, she ran the faster--too fast for thinking, butnot too fast for the thoughts that came of themselves.
what had come toher father?
their house was the nearest!
she could not shut out theconviction that, since succeeding to the property, he had been growingless and less neighborly.
she had caught up a bottle of brandy, which impeded her running.
yet shemade good speed, her dress gathered high in the other hand.
her longdark hair broken loose and flying in the wind, her assumed dignityforgotten, and only the woman awake, she ran like a deer over theheather, and in little more than a quarter of an hour, though it was along moor-mile, reached the embankment, flushed and panting.
some of the carriages had rolled down, and the rails were a wreck.
butthe engine and half the train had kept on: neither driver nor stoker washurt, and they were hurrying to fetch help from the next station.
at thefoot of the bank lay george crawford insensible, with the guard of thetrain doing what he could to bring him to consciousness.
he was on hisback, pale as death, with no motion and scare a sign of life.
alexa tried to give him brandy, but she was so exhausted, and her handshook so, that she had to yield the bottle to the guard, and, hale andstrong as she was, could but drag herself a little apart before shefainted.
in the meantime, as the train approached the station, the driver, whobelonged to the neighborhood, saw the doctor, slackened speed, and sethis whistle shrieking wildly.
the doctor set spurs to his horse, andcame straight over everything to his side.
"you go on," he said, having heard what had happened; "i shall be theresooner than you could take me."
he came first upon andrew trying to make miss fordyce swallow a littleof the brandy.
"there's but one gentleman hurt, sir," said the guard.
"the other's onlya young lady that's run till she's dropped."
"to bring brandy," supplemented andrew.
the doctor recognized alexa, and wondered what reception her latherwould give his patient, for to potlurg he must go!
suddenly she came toherself, and sat up, gazing wildly around.
"out of breath, miss fordyce;nothing worse!"
said the doctor, and she smiled.
he turned to the young man, and did for him what he could withoutsplints or bandages; then, with the help of the guard and andrew,constructed, from pieces of the broken carriages, a sort of litter onwhich to carry him to potlurg.
"is he dead?"
"not a bit of it.
he's had a bad blow on the head, though.
we must gethim somewhere as fast as we can!"
"do you know him?"
"not i. but we must take him to your house.
i don't know what else to dowith him!"
"what else should you want to do with him?"
"i was afraid it might bother the laird."
"you scarcely know my father, doctor pratt!"
"it would bother most people to have a wounded man quartered on them forweeks!"
returned the doctor.
a good-looking fellow too!"
a countryman who had been in the next carriage, but had escaped almostunhurt, offering his service, andrew and he took up the litter gently,and set out walking with care, the doctor on one side, leading hishorse, and miss fordyce on the other.
it was a strange building to which, after no small anxiety, they drewnear; nor did it look the less strange the nearer they came.
it wasunsheltered by a single tree; and but for a low wall and iron rail onone side, inclosing what had been a garden, but was now a grass-plot, itrose straight out of the heather.
from this plot the ground sloped tothe valley, and was under careful cultivation.
the entrance to it wasclosed with a gate of wrought iron, of good workmanship, but so wastedwith rust that it seemed on the point of vanishing.
here at one time hadbeen the way into the house; but no door, and scarce a window, was nowto be seen on this side of the building.
it was very old, and consistedof three gables, a great half-round between two of them, and a low towerwith a conical roof.
crawford had begun to recover consciousness, but when he came to himselfhe was received by acute pain.
the least attempt to move was torture,and again he fainted.
conducted by the lady, they passed round the house to the court, andacross the court to a door in one of the gables.
it was a low, narrowdoor, but large enough for the man that stood there--a little man, withcolorless face, and quiet, abstracted look.
his eyes were cold and keen,his features small, delicate, and regular.
he had an erect little back,and was dressed in a long-tailed coat, looking not much of a laird, andless of a farmer, as he stood framed in the gray stone wall, in whichodd little windows, dotted here and there at all heights and distances,revealed a wonderful arrangement of floors and rooms inside.
said the doctor.
"this is a bad business,but it might have been worse!
not a soul injured but one!"
"souls don't commonly get injured by accident!"
returned the laird, witha cold smile that was far from discourteous.
"stick to the body, doctor!
there you know something!"
"it's a truth, laird!"
answered the doctor--but added to himself--"well!
it's awful to hear the truth from some mouths!"
the laird spoke no word of objection or of welcome.
they carried thepoor fellow into the house, following its mistress to a room, where,with the help of her one domestic, and instructed by the doctor, shesoon had a bed prepared for him.
then away rode the doctor at full speedto fetch the appliances necessary, leaving the laird standing by thebed, with a look of mild dissatisfaction, but not a whisper ofopposition.
it was the guest-chamber to which george crawford had been carried, aroom far more comfortable than a stranger might, from the aspect of thehouse, have believed possible.
everything in it was old-fashioned, and,having been dismantled, it was not in apple-pie order; but it wasrapidly and silently restored to its humble ideal; and when the doctor,after an incredibly brief absence, returned with his assistant, heseemed both surprised and pleased at the change.
"he must have some one to sit up with him, miss fordyce," he said, whenall was done.
"i will myself," she answered.
"but you must give me exact directions,for i have done no nursing."
"if you will walk a little way with me, i will tell you all you needknow.
he will sleep now, i think--at least till you get back: i shallnot keep you beyond a few minutes.
it is not a very awkward fracture,"he continued, as they went.
"it might have been much worse!
we shallhave him about in a few weeks.
but he will want the greatest care whilethe bones are uniting."
the laird turned from the bed, and went to his study, where he walked upand down, lost and old and pale, the very bibliad of the room with itsancient volumes all around.
whatever his eyes fell upon, he turned from,as if he had no longer any pleasure in it, and presently stole back tothe room where the sufferer lay.
on tiptoe, with a caution suggestive ofa wild beast asleep, he crept to the bed, looked down on his unwelcomeguest with an expression of sympathy crossed with dislike, and shook hishead slowly and solemnly, like one injured but forgiving.
his eye fell on the young man's pocket-book.
it had fallen from his coatas they undressed him, and was on a table by the bedside.
he caught itup just ere alexa reentered.
"how is he, father?"
"he is fast asleep," answered the laid.
"how long does the doctor thinkhe will have to be here?"
"i did not ask him," she replied.
"that was an oversight, my child," he returned.
"it is of consequence weshould know the moment of his removal."
"we shall know it in good time.
the doctor called it an affair ofweeks--or months--i forget.
but you shall not be troubled, father.
iwill attend to him."
"but i _am_ troubled, alexa!
you do not know how little money i have!"
again he retired--slowly, shut his door, locked it, and began to searchthe pocket-book.
he found certain banknotes, and made a discoveryconcerning its owner.
with the help of her old woman, and noiselessly, while crawford lay in ahalf slumber, alexa continued making the chamber more comfortable.
chintz curtains veiled the windows, which, for all their narrowness, hadadmitted too much light; and an old carpet deadened the sound offootsteps on the creaking boards--for the bones of a house do not growsilent with age; a fire burned in the antique grate, and was a soul tothe chamber, which was chilly, looking to the north, with walls so thickthat it took half the summer to warm them through.
old meg, moving toand fro, kept shaking her head like her master, as if she also were inthe secret of some house-misery; but she was only indulging the funerealtemperament of an ancient woman.
as alexa ran through the heather in themorning, she looked not altogether unlike a peasant; her shoes werestrong, her dress was short; but now she came and went in a soft-coloredgown, neither ill-made nor unbecoming.
she did not seem to belong towhat is called society, but she looked dignified, at times almoststately, with an expression of superiority, not strong enough to makeher handsome face unpleasing.
it resembled her father's, but, for awoman's, was cast in a larger mold.
the day crept on.
the invalid was feverish.
his nurse obeyed the doctorminutely, to a single drop.
she had her tea brought her, but when thesupper hour arrived went to join her father in the kitchen.
they always eat in the kitchen.
strange to say, there was no dining-roomin the house, though there was a sweetly old-fashioned drawing-room.
theservant was with the sufferer, but alexa was too much in the sick-room,notwithstanding, to know that she was eating her porridge and milk.
thelaird partook but sparingly, on the ground that the fare tended tofatness, which affliction of age he congratulated himself on havinghitherto escaped.
they eat in silence, but not a glance of her fatherthat might indicate a want escaped the daughter.
when the meal wasended, and the old man had given thanks, alexa put on the table a bigblack bible, which her father took with solemn face and reverentgesture.
in the course of his nightly reading of the new testament, hehad come to the twelfth chapter of st. luke, with the lord's parable ofthe rich man whose soul they required of him: he read it beautifully,with an expression that seemed to indicate a sense of the lord's meaningwhat he said.
"we will omit the psalm this evening--for the sake of the sufferer," hesaid, having ended the chapter.
"the lord will have mercy and notsacrifice."
they rose from their chairs and knelt on the stone floor.
the old manprayed with much tone and expression, and i think meant all he said,though none of it seemed to spring from fresh need or new thankfulness,for he used only the old stock phrases, which flowed freely from hislips.
he dwelt much on the merits of the saviour; he humbled himself asthe chief of sinners, whom it must be a satisfaction to god to cut off,but a greater satisfaction to spare for the sake of one whom he loved.
plainly the man counted it a most important thing to stand well with himwho had created him.
when they rose, alexa looked formally solemn, butthe wan face of her father shone: the psyche, if not the ego, hadprayed--and felt comfortable.
he sat down, and looked fixedly, as ifinto eternity, but perhaps it was into vacancy; they are much the sameto most people.
"come into the study for a moment, lexy, if you please," he said, risingat length.
his politeness to his daughter, and indeed to all that camenear him, was one of the most notable points in his behavior.
alexa followed the black, slender, erect little figure up the stair,which consisted of about a dozen steps, filling the entrance from wallto wall, a width of some twelve feet.
between it and the outer doorthere was but room for the door of the kitchen on the one hand, and thatof a small closet on the other.
at the top was a wide space, a sort ofirregular hall, more like an out-of-door court, paved with large flatstones into which projected the other side of the rounded mass, borderedby the grassy inclosure.
the laird turned to the right, and through a door into a room which hadbut one small window hidden by bookcases.
naturally it smelled musty, ofold books and decayed bindings, an odor not unpleasant to some nostrils.
he closed the door behind him, placed a chair for his daughter, and sethimself in another by a deal table, upon which were books and papers.
"this is a sore trial, alexa!"
he said with a sigh.
"it is indeed, father--for the poor young man!"
"true; but it would be selfish indeed to regard the greatness of hissuffering as rendering our trial the less.
it is to us a more seriousmatter than you seem to think.
it will cost much more than, in thepresent state of my finances, i can afford to pay.
you little think--""but, father," interrupted alexa, "how could we help it?"
"he might have been carried elsewhere!"
"with me standing there!
surely not, father!
even andrew ingram offeredto receive him."
"why did he not take him then?"
"the doctor wouldn't hear of it.
and i wouldn't hear of it either."
"it was ill-considered, lexy.
but what's done is done--though, alas!
"we must take the luck as it comes, father!"
"alexa," rejoined the laird with solemnity, "you ought never to mentionluck.
there is no such thing.
it was either for the young man's sins, orto prevent worse, or for necessary discipline, that the train wasoverturned.
the cause is known to _him_.
all are in his hands--and wemust beware of attempting to take any out of his hands, for it can notbe done."
"then, father, if there be no chance, our part was ordered too.
so thereis the young man in our spare room, and we must receive our share of thetrouble as from the hand of the lord."
"certainly, my dear!
it was the expense i was thinking of.
i was onlylamenting--bear me witness, i was not opposing--the will of the lord.
aman's natural feelings remain."
"if the thing is not to be helped, let us think no more about it!"
"it is the expense, my dear!
will you not let your mind rest for amoment upon the fact?
i am doing my utmost to impress it upon you.
forother expenses there is always something to show; for this there will benothing, positively nothing!"
"not the mended leg, father?"
"the money will vanish, i tell you, as a tale that is told."
"it is our life that vanishes that way!"
"the simile suits either.
so long as we do not use the words ofscripture irreverently, there is no harm in making a differentapplication of them.
there is no irreverence here: next to the grace ofgod, money is the thing hardest to get and hardest to keep.
if we arenot wise with it, the grace--i mean money--will not go far."
"not so far as the next world, anyhow!"
said alexa, as if to herself.
"how dare you, child!
the redeemer tells us to make friends of themammon of unrighteousness, that when we die it may receive us intoeverlasting habitations!"
"i read the passage this morning, father: it is _they_, not _it_, willreceive you.
and i have heard that it ought to be translated, 'makefriends _with_, or _by means of_ the mammon of unrighteousness."
"i will reconsider the passage.
we must not lightly change even thetranslated word!"
the laird had never thought that it might be of consequence to him oneday to have friends in the other world.
neither had he reflected thatthe lord did not regard the obligation of gratitude as ceasing with thislife.
alexa had reason to fear that her father made a friend _of_, and never afriend _with_ the mammon of unrighteousness.
at the same time thehalf-penny he put in the plate every sunday must go a long way if it wasnot estimated, like that of the poor widow, according to the amount hepossessed, but according to the difficulty he found in parting with it.
"after weeks, perhaps months of nursing and food and doctor's stuff,"resumed the laird, "he will walk away, and we shall see not a plack ofthe money he carries with him.
the visible will become the invisible,the present the absent!"
"the little it will cost you, father--""hold there, my child!
if you call any cost little, i will not hear aword more: we should be but running a race from different points todifferent goals!
it will cost--that is enough!
how much it will cost_me_, you can not calculate, for you do not know what money stands forin my eyes.
there are things before which money is insignificant!"
"those dreary old books!"
said alexa to herself, casting a glance on theshelves that filled the room from floor to ceiling, and from wall towall.
"what i was going to say, father," she returned, "was, that i have alittle money of my own, and this affair shall cost you nothing.
leave meto contrive.
would you tell him his friends must pay his board, or takehim away?
it would be a nice anecdote in the annals of the fordyces ofpotlurg!"
"at the same time, what more natural?"
rejoined her father.
"his friendsmust in any case be applied to!
i learn from his pocket-book--""father!"
"content yourself, alexa.
i have a right to know whom i receive under myroof.
besides, have i not learned thereby that the youth is a sort ofconnection!"
"you don't mean it, father?"
"i do mean it.
his mother and yours were first cousins."
"that is not a connection; it's a close kinship!"
said the laird, dryly.
"anyhow," pursued alexa, "i give you my word you shall hear nothing moreof the expense."
she bade her father good-night, and returning to the bedside of herpatient, released meg.
thomas fordyce was a sucker from the root of a very old family tree,born in poverty, and, with great pinching of father and mother, brothersand sisters, educated for the church.
but from pleasure in scholarship,from archaeological tastes, a passion for the arcana of history, and alove of literature, strong, although not of the highest kind, he hadsettled down as a school-master, and in his calling had excelled.
by allwho knew him he was regarded as an accomplished, amiable, and worthyman.
when his years were verging on the undefined close of middle age he sawthe lives between him and the family property, one by one wither at thetouch of death, until at last there was no one but himself and hisdaughter to succeed.
he was at the time the head of a flourishing schoolin a large manufacturing town; and it was not without some regret,though with more pleasure, that he yielded his profession and retired topotlurg.
greatly dwindled as he found the property, and much and long as it hadbeen mismanaged, it was yet of considerable value, and worth a wisecare.
the result of the labor he spent upon it was such that it had nowfor years yielded him, if not a large rental, one far larger at leastthan his daughter imagined.
but the sinking of the school-master in thelaird seemed to work ill for the man, and good only for the land.
i say_seemed_, because what we call degeneracy is often but the unveiling ofwhat was there all the time; and the evil we could become, we are.
if ihave in me the tyrant or the miser, there he is, and such am i--assurely as if the tyrant or the miser were even now visible to thewondering dislike of my neighbors.
i do not say the characteristic is sostrong, or would be so hard to change as by the revealing development itmust become; but it is there, alive, as an egg is alive; and by no meansinoperative like a mere germ, but exercising real though occultinfluence on the rest of my character.
therefore, except the growingvitality be in process of killing these ova of death, it is for the goodof the man that they should be so far developed as to show theirexistence.
if the man do not then starve and slay them they will draghim to the judgment-seat of a fiery indignation.
for the laird, nature could ill replace the human influences that hadsurrounded the school-master; while enlargement both of means andleisure enabled him to develop by indulgence a passion for a peculiarkind of possession, which, however refined in its objects, was yet but abranch of the worship of mammon.
it suits the enemy just as well, ipresume, that a man should give his soul for coins as for money.
inconsequence he was growing more and more withdrawn, ever filling lessthe part of a man--which is to be a hiding-place from the wind, a covertfrom the tempest.
he was more and more for himself, and thereby losinghis life.
dearly as he loved his daughter, he was, by slow fallingsaway, growing ever less of a companion, less of a comfort, less of anecessity to her, and requiring less and less of her for the good orease of his existence.
we wrong those near us in being independent ofthem.
god himself would not be happy without his son.
we ought to leanon each other, giving and receiving--not as weaklings, but as lovers.
love is strength as well as need.
alexa was more able to live alone thanmost women; therefore it was the worse for her.
too satisfied withherself, too little uneasy when alone, she did not know that then shewas not in good enough company.
she was what most would call a strongnature, nor knew what weaknesses belong to, and grow out of, suchstrength as hers.
the remoter scions of a family tree are not seldom those who make mostaccount of it; the school-master's daughter knew more about the fordycesof potlurg, and cared more for their traditions, than any who of lateryears had reaped its advantages or shared its honors.
interest in thechannel down which one has slid into the world is reasonable, and may beelevating; with alexa it passed beyond good, and wrought for evil.
proudof a family with a history, and occasionally noted in the annals of thecountry, she regarded herself as the superior of all with whom she hadhitherto come into relation.
to the poor, to whom she was invariably andessentially kind, she was less condescending than to such as came nearerher own imagined standing; she was constantly aware that she belonged tothe elect of the land!
society took its revenge; the rich trades-peoplelooked down upon her as the school-master's daughter.
against theirarrogance her indignation buttressed her lineal with her mentalsuperiority.
at the last the pride of family is a personal arrogance.
and now at length she was in her natural position as heiress of potlurg!
she was religious--if one may be called religious who felt no immediaterelation to the source of her being.
she felt bound to defend, so far asshe honestly could, the doctrines concerning god and his waystransmitted by the elders of her people; to this much, and little more,her religion toward god amounted.
but she had a strong sense ofobligation to do what was right.
her father gave her so little money to spend that she had to be verycareful with her housekeeping, and they lived in the humblest way.
forher person she troubled him as little as she could, believing him, fromthe half statements and hints he gave, and his general carriage towardlife, not a little oppressed by lack of money, nor suspecting hisnecessities created and his difficulties induced by himself.
in thisregard it had come to be understood between them that the produce of thepoultry-yard was alexa's own; and to some little store she had thusgathered she mainly trusted for the requirements of her invalid.
to thisher father could not object, though he did not like it; he felt what washers to be his more than he felt what was his to be hers.
alexa had not learned to place value on money beyond its use, but shewas not therefore free from the service of mammon; she looked to it asto a power essential, not derived; she did not see it as god's creation,but merely as an existence, thus making of a creature of god the mammonof unrighteousness.
she did not, however, cling to it, but was ready tospend it.
at the same time, had george crawford looked less handsome orless of a gentleman, she would not have been so ready to devote thecontents of her little secret drawer.
the discovery of her relationship to the young man waked a new feeling.
she had never had a brother, never known a cousin, and had avoided theapproach of such young men as, of inferior position in her eyes, hadsought to be friendly with her; here was one thrown helpless on hercare, with necessities enough to fill the gap between his real relationto her, and that of the brother after whom she had sighed in vain!
itwas a new and delightful sensation to have a family claim on a youngman--a claim, the material advantage of which was all on his side, thedevotion all on hers.
she was invaded by a flood of tenderness towardthe man.
was he not her cousin, a gentleman, and helpless as anynew-born child?
nothing should be wanting that a strong woman could dofor a powerless man.
george crawford was in excellent health when the accident occurred, andso when he began to recover, his restoration was rapid.
the process,however, was still long enough to compel the cousins to know more ofeach other than twelve months of ordinary circumstance would have madepossible.
george, feeling neither the need, nor, therefore, the joy of the newrelationship so much as alexa, disappointed her by the coolness of hisresponse to her communication of the fact; and as they were both formal,that is, less careful as to the reasonable than as to the conventional,they were not very ready to fall in love.
such people may learn allabout each other, and not come near enough for love to be possiblebetween them.
some people approximate at once, and at once decline tolove, remaining friends the rest of their lives.
others love at once;and some take a whole married life to come near enough, and at lastlove.
but the reactions of need and ministration can hardly fail tobreed tenderness, and disclose the best points of character.
the cousins were both handsome, and--which was of more consequence--eachthought the other handsome.
they found their religious opinions closelycoincident--nor any wonder, for they had gone for years to the samechurch every sunday, had been regularly pumped upon from the samereservoir, and had drunk the same arguments concerning things true anduntrue.
george found that alexa had plenty of brains, a cultivated judgment, andsome knowledge of literature; that there was no branch of science withwhich she had not some little acquaintance, in which she did not takesome small interest.
her father's teaching was beyond any he could haveprocured for her, and what he taught she had learned; for she had a loveof knowing, a tendency to growth, a capacity for seizing real points,though as yet perceiving next to nothing of their relation to human lifeand hope.
she believed herself a judge of verse, but in truth herknowledge of poetry was limited to its outer forms, of which she hadmade good studies with her father.
she had learned the _how_ before the_what_, knew the body before the soul--could tell good binding but notbad leather--in a word, knew verse but not poetry.
she understood nothing of music, but george did not miss that; he wasmore sorry she did not know french--not for the sake of its literature,but because of showing herself an educated woman.
diligent in business, not fervent in spirit, she was never idle.
butthere are other ways than idleness of wasting time.
alexa wascontinually "improving herself," but it was a big phrase for a smallmatter; she had not learned that to do the will of god is the _only_ wayto improve one's self.
she would have scorned the narrowness of any onewho told her so, not understanding what the will of god means.
she found that her guest and cousin was a man of some position, andwondered that her father should never have mentioned the relationship.
the fact was that, in a time of poverty, the school-master had made togeorge's father the absurd request of a small loan without security, andthe banker had behaved as a rich relation and a banker was pretty sureto behave.
george occupied a place of trust in the bank, and, though not yetadmitted to a full knowledge of its more important transactions, hopedsoon to be made a partner.
when his father came to potlurg to see him the laird declined to appear,and the banker contented himself thereafter with alexa's bulletins.
alexa's money was nearly exhausted, and most of her chickens had beendevoured by the flourishing convalescent, but not yet would the doctorallow him to return to business.
one night the electric condition of the atmosphere made it heavy, sultryand unrefreshing, and george could not sleep.
there came a terribleburst of thunder; then a bannered spear of vividest lightning seemed tolap the house in its flashing folds, and the simultaneous thunder wasmingled with the sound, as it seemed, of the fall of some part of thebuilding.
george sat up in bed and listened.
all was still.
he must riseand see what had happened, and whether any one was hurt.
he might meetalexa, and a talk with her would be a pleasant episode in his sleeplessnight.
he got into his dressing-gown, and taking his stick, walkedsoftly from the room.
his door opened immediately on the top of the stair.
he stood andlistened, but was aware of no sequel to the noise.
another flash came,and lighted up the space around him, with its walls of many angles.
whenthe darkness was returned and the dazzling gone, and while the thunderyet bellowed, he caught the glimmer of a light under the door of thestudy, and made his way toward it over the worn slabs.
he knocked, butthere was no answer.
he pushed the door, and saw that the light camefrom behind a projecting book-case.
he hesitated a moment, and glancedabout him.
a little clinking sound came from somewhere.
he stole nearer the sourceof the light; a thief might be there.
he peeped round the end of thebook-case.
with his back to him the laird was kneeling before an openchest.
he had just counted a few pieces of gold, and was putting themaway.
he turned over his shoulder a face deathly pale, and his eyes fora moment stared blank.
then with a shivering smile he rose.
he had athin-worn dressing-gown over his night-shirt, and looked a thread of aman.
"you take me for a miser?"
he said, trembling, and stood expecting ananswer.
crawford was bewildered: what business had he there?
"i am _not_ a miser!"
resumed the laird.
"a man may count his moneywithout being a miser!"
he stood and stared, still trembling, at his guest, either too muchstartled or too gentle to find fault with his intrusion.
"i beg your pardon, laird," said george.
"i knocked, but receiving noanswer, feared something was wrong."
"but why are you out of bed--and you an invalid?"
returned mr. fordyce.
"i heard a heavy fall, and feared the lightning had done some damage."
"we shall see about that in the morning, and in the meantime you hadbetter go to bed," said the laird.
they turned together toward the door.
"what a multitude of books, you have, mr.
"ihad not a notion of such a library in the county!"
"i have been a lover of books all my life," returned the laird.
"andthey gather, they gather!"
"your love draws them," said george.
"the storm is over, i think," said the laird.
he did not tell his guest that there was scarcely a book on thoseshelves not sought after by book-buyers--not one that was not worthmoney in the book-market.
here and there the dulled gold of a fineantique binding returned the gleam of the candle, but any gathering ofold law or worthless divinity would have looked much the same.
"i should like to glance over them," said george.
"there must be somevaluable volumes among so many!"
rejoined the old man, testily, almost hustling himfrom the room.
"i am ashamed to hear it called a library."
it seemed to crawford, as again he lay awake in his bed, altogether astrange incident.
a man may count his money when he pleases, but not theless must it seem odd that he should do so in the middle of the night,and with such a storm flashing and roaring around him, apparentlyunheeded.
the next morning he got his cousin to talk about her father,but drew from her nothing to cast light on what he had seen.
of the garden which had been the pride of many owners of the place, onlya small portion remained.
it was strangely antique, haunted with abeauty both old and wild, the sort of garden for the children of heavento play in when men sleep.
in a little arbor constructed by an old man who had seen the garden growless and less through successive generations, a tent of honeysuckle in acloak of sweet pease, sat george and alexa, two highly respectable youngpeople, scots of scotland, like jews of judaea, well satisfied of theirown worthiness.
how they found their talk interesting, i can scarcethink.
i should have expected them to be driven by very dullness tolove-making; but the one was too prudent to initiate it, the other toostaid to entice it.
yet, people on the borders of love being on theborders of poetry, they had got talking about a certain new poem,concerning which george, having read several notices of it, had anopinion to give.
"you should tell my father about it, george," said alexa; "he is thebest judge i know."
she did not understand that it was a little more than the grammar ofpoetry the school-master had ever given himself to understand.
his bestcriticism was to show phrase calling to phrase across gulfs of speech.
the little iron gate, whose hinges were almost gone with rust, creakedand gnarred as it slowly opened to admit the approach of a youngcountryman.
he advanced with the long, slow, heavy step suggestive ofnailed shoes; but his hazel eye had an outlook like that of an eaglefrom its eyrie, and seemed to dominate his being, originating ratherthan directing its motions.
he had a russet-colored face, much freckled;hair so dark red as to be almost brown; a large, well-shaped nose; astrong chin; and a mouth of sweetness whose smile was peculiarly itsown, having in it at once the mystery and the revelation of andrewingram.
he took off his bonnet as he drew near, and held it as low ashis knee, while with something of the air of an old-fashioned courtier,he stood waiting.
his clothes, all but his coat, which was of some bluestuff, and his sunday one, were of a large-ribbed corduroy.
for a momentno one spoke.
he colored a little, but kept silent, his eyes on thelady.
she said at length.
"there was something, iforget what, you were to call about!
remind me--will you?"
"i did not come before, ma'am, because i knew you were occupied.
andeven now it does not greatly matter."
"oh, i remember!--the poem!
i am very sorry, but i had so much to thinkof that it went quite out of my mind."
an expression half amused, half shy, without trace of mortification, foran instant shadowed the young man's face.
"i wish you would let me have the lines again, ma'am!
indeed i should beobliged to you!"
"well, i confess they might first be improved!
i read them one eveningto my father, and he agreed with me that two or three of them were notquite rhythmical.
but he said it was a fair attempt, and for aworking-man very creditable."
what andrew was thinking, it would have been hard to gather from hissmile; but i believe it was that, if he had himself read the versesaloud, the laird would have found no fault with their rhythm.
hiscarriage seemed more that of a patient, respectful amusement thananything else.
alexa rose, but resumed her seat, saying:"as the poem is a religious one, there can be no harm in handing it youon sunday after church!--that is," she added, meaningly, "if you will bethere!"
"give it to dawtie, if you please, ma'am," replied andrew.
rebuked miss fordyce, in a tone almost of rebuke.
"i seldom go to church, ma'am," said andrew, reddening a little, butlosing no sweetness from his smile.
"i understand as much!
it is very wrong!
_why_ don't you?"
andrew was silent.
"i wish you to tell me," persisted alexa, with a peremptoriness whichcame of the school-master.
she had known him too as a pupil of herfather's!
"if you will have it, ma'am, i not only learn nothing from mr. smith,but i think much that he says is not true."
"still you ought to go for the sake of example."
"do wrong to make other people follow my example?
can that be to doright?"
"_wrong_ to go to church!
what _do_ you mean?
wrong to pray with yourfellow-men?"
"perhaps the hour may come, ma'am, when i shall be able to pray with myfellow-men, even though the words they use seem addressed to a tyrant,not to the father of jesus christ.
but at present i can not.
i mightendure to hear mr. smith say evil things concerning god, but the evilthings he says to god make me quite unable to pray, and i feel like ahypocrite!"
"whatever you may think of mr. smith's doctrines, it is presumptuous toset yourself up as too good to go to church."
"i most bear the reproach, ma'am.
i can not consent to be a hypocrite inorder to avoid being called one!"
either miss fordyce had no answer to this, or did not choose to giveany.
she was not troubled that andrew would not go to church, butoffended at the unhesitating decision with which he set her counselaside.
andrew made her a respectful bow, turned away, put on his bonnet,which he had held in his hand all the time, and passed through thegarden gate.
"who is the fellow?"
asked george, partaking sympathetically of hiscompanion's annoyance.
"he is andrew ingram, the son of a small farmer, one of my father'stenants.
he and his brother work with their father on the farm.
they arequite respectable people.
andrew is conceited, but has his good points.
he imagines himself a poet, and indeed his work has merit.
the worst ofhim is that he sets up for being better than other people."
"not an unusual fault with the self-educated!"
"he does go on educating himself, i believe, but he had a good start tobegin with.
my father took much pains with him at school.
he helped tocarry you here after the accident--and would have taken you to hisfather's if i would have let him."
george cast on her a look of gratitude.
"thank you for keeping me," he said.
"but i wish i had taken some noticeof his kindness!"
of the persons in my narrative, andrew ingram is the simplest, thereforethe hardest to be understood by an ordinary reader.
i must take up hishistory from a certain point in his childhood.
one summer evening, he and his brother sandy were playing together on aknoll in one of their father's fields.
andrew was ten years old, andsandy a year younger.
the two quarreled, and the spirit of ancestralborderers waking in them, they fell to blows.
the younger was thestronger for his years, and they were punching each other withrelentless vigor, when suddenly they heard a voice, and stopping theirfight, saw before them an humble-looking man with a pack on his back.
hewas a peddler known in the neighborhood, and noted for his honesty andhis silence, but the boys had never seen him.
they stood abashed beforehim, dazed with the blows they had received, and not a little ashamed;for they were well brought up, their mother being an honestdisciplinarian, and their father never interfering with what she judgedright.
the sun was near the setting, and shone with level rays full onthe peddler; but when they thought of him afterward, they seemed toremember more light in his face than that of the sun.
their consciencebore him witness, and his look awed them.
involuntarily they turned fromhim, seeking refuge with each other: his eyes shone so!
they said; butimmediately they turned to him again.
sandy knew the pictures in the "pilgrim's progress," and andrew had readit through more than once: when they saw the man had a book in his hand,open, and heard him, standing there in the sun, begin to read from it,they thought it must be christian, waiting for evangelist to come tohim.
it is impossible to say how much is fact and how much imaginationin what children recollect; the one must almost always supplement theother; but they were quite sure that the words he read were these: "andlo, i am with you always, even to the end of the world!"
the next thingthey remembered was their walking slowly down the hill in the red light,and all at once waking up to the fact that the man was gone, they didnot know when or where.
but their arms were round each other's necks,and they were full of a strange awe.
then andrew saw something red onsandy's face.
he cried, "it's bluid!"
and burst into tears.
it was his own blood, not sandy's!--the discovery of which fact relievedandrew, and did not so greatly discompose sandy, who was less sensitive.
they began at length to speculate on what had happened.
one thing wasclear: it was because they were fighting that the man had come; but itwas not so clear who the man was.
he could not be christian, becausechristian went over the river!
andrew suggested it might have beenevangelist, for he seemed to be always about.
sandy added, as hiscontribution to the idea, that he might have picked up christian'sbundle and been carrying it home to his wife.
they came, however, to theconclusion, by no ratiocination, i think, but by a conviction which theidea itself brought with it, that the stranger was the lord himself, andthat the pack on his back was their sins, which he was carrying away tothrow out of the world.
"eh, wasna it fearfu' he should come by jist when we was fechtin'!"
it was a fine thing that!
we micht hae been at it yet!
but wewinna noo!--will we ever, sandy?"
"na, that we winna!"
"for," continued andrew, "he said 'lo, i am with you always!'
andsuppose he werena, we daurna be that ahint his back we would na be aforehis face!"
"do you railly think it _was_ him, andrew?"
"weel," replied andrew, "gien the deevil be goin' aboot like a roarin'lion, seekin' whom he may devoor, as father says, it's no likely _he_would na be goin' aboot as weel, seekin' to haud him aff o' 's!"
"and noo," said the elder, "what are we to do?"
for andrew, whom both father and mother judged the dreamiest of mortals,was in reality the most practical being in the whole parish--sopractical that by and by people mocked him for a poet and a heretic,because he did the things which they said they believed.
mostunpractical must every man appear who genuinely believes in the thingsthat are unseen.
the man called practical by the men of this world is hewho busies himself building his house on the sand, while he does noteven bespeak a lodging in the inevitable beyond.
"what are we to do?"
"if the lord is going about like that,looking after us, we've surely got something to do looking after _him!_"there was no help in sandy; and it was well that, with the reticence ofchildren, neither thought of laying the case before their parents; thetraditions of the elders would have ill agreed with the doctrine theywere now under!
suddenly it came into andrew's mind that the book theyread at _worship_ to which he had never listened, told all about jesus.
he began at the beginning, and grew so interested in the stories that heforgot why he had begun to read it one day, however, as he was tellingsandy about jacob--"what a shame!"
said sandy; and andrew's mindsuddenly opened to the fact that he had got nothing yet out of the book.
he threw it from him, echoing sandy's words, "what's a shame!"
--not ofjacob's behavior, but of the bible's, which had all this time told themnothing about the man that was going up and down the world, gathering uptheir sins, and carrying them away in his pack!
but it dawned upon himthat it was the new testament that told about jesus christ, and theyturned to that.
here also i say it was well they asked no advice, forthey would probably have been directed to the epistle to the romans,with explanations yet more foreign to the heart of paul than false tohis greek.
they began to read the story of jesus as told by his friendmatthew, and when they had ended it, went on to the gospel according tomark.
but they had not read far when sandy cried out:"eh, andrew, it's a' the same thing ower again!"
"no a'thegither," answered andrew.
"we'll gang on, and see!"
andrew came to the conclusion that it was so far the same that he wouldrather go back and read the other again, for the sake of some particularthings he wanted to make sure about so the second time they read st.matthew, and came to these words:"if two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything that they shallask, it shall be done for them of my father which is in heaven."
"there's twa o' 's here!"
cried andrew, laying down the book.
his brother read the passage again.
"lat the twa o' 's speir him for something!"
"i won'er if it means only ance, or may be three times, like 'the threewishes!'"
suggested sandy, who, like most christians, would rather havea talk about it than do what he was told.
"we _might_ ask for what would not be good for us!"
"and make fools of ourselves!"
assented sandy, with "the three wishes"in his mind.
"do you think he would give it us then?"
"i don't know."
"but," pursued andrew, "if we were so foolish as that old man and woman,it would be better to find it out, and begin to grow wise!--i'll tellyou what we'll do: we'll make it our first wish to know what's best toask for; and then we can go on asking!"
"yes, yes; let us!"
"i fancy we'll have as many wishes as we like!
doon upo' yer knees,sandy!"
they knelt together.
i fear there are not a few to say, "how ill-instructed the poor childrenwere!--actually mingling the gospel and the fairy tales!"
"happychildren," say i, "who could blunder into the very heart of the will ofgod concerning them, and _do_ the thing at once that the lord taughtthem, using the common sense which god had given and the fairy talenourished!"
the lord of the promise is the lord of all true parables andall good fairy tales.
andrew prayed:"oh, lord, tell sandy and me what to ask for.
they got up from their knees.
they had said what they had to say: whysay more!
they felt rather dull.
nothing came to them.
the prayer was prayed, andthey could not make the answer!
there was no use in reading more!
theyput the bible away in a rough box where they kept it amongrose-leaves--ignorant priests of the lovely mystery of him who was withthem always--and without a word went each his own way, not happy, forwere they not leaving him under the elder-tree, lonely and shadowy,where it was their custom to meet!
alas for those who must go to churchto find him, or who can not pray unless in their closet!
they wandered about disconsolate, at school and at home, the rest of theday--at least andrew did; sandy had andrew to lean upon!
andrew had himwho was with them always, but he seemed at the other end of the world.
they had prayed, and there was no more of it!
in the evening, while yet it was light, andrew went alone to theelder-tree, took the bible from its humble shrine, and began turningover its leaves.
"and why call ye me, lord, lord, and do not the things which i say?"
heread, and sunk deep in thought.
this is the way his thoughts went:"what things?
what had he been saying?
let me look and see what he says,that i may begin to do it!"
he read all the chapter, and found it full of _tellings_.
when he readit before he had not thought of doing one of the things he said, for asplainly as he told him!
he had not once thought he had any concern inthe matter!
he said; "we must begin at once to do what he tells us!"
he ran to find his brother.
"i've got it!"
he cried: "i've got it!"
"what we've got to do""and what is it?"
"just what he tells us."
"we were doing that," said sandy, "when we prayed him to tell us what topray for!"
"so we were!
"then haven't we got to pray for anything more?"
"we'll soon find out; but first we must look for something to do!"
they began at once to search for things the lord told them to do.
and ofall they found, the plainest and easiest was: "whosoever shall smitethee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also."
this needed noexplanation!
it was as clear as the day to both of them!
the very next morning the school-master, who, though of a gentledisposition, was irritable, taking andrew for the offender in a certainbreach of discipline, gave him a smart box on the ear.
andrew, asreadily as if it had been instinctively, turned to him the other cheek.
an angry man is an evil interpreter of holy things, and mr. fordyce tookthe action for one of rudest mockery, nor thought of the higher mastertherein mocked if it were mockery: he struck the offender a yet smarterblow.
andrew stood for a minute like one dazed; but the red on his facewas not that of anger; he was perplexed as to whether he ought now toturn the former cheek again to the striker.
uncertain, he turned away,and went to his work.
stops a reader here to say: "but do you really mean to tell us we oughtto take the words literally as andrew did?"
i answer: "when you haveearned the right to understand, you will not need to ask me.
to explainwhat the lord means to one who is not obedient, is the work of no manwho knows his work."
it is but fair to say for the school-master that, when he found he hadmistaken, he tried to make up to the boy for it--not by confessinghimself wrong--who could expect that of only a school-master?--but bybeing kinder to him than before.
through this he came to like him, andwould teach him things out of the usual way--such as how to makedifferent kinds of verse.
by and by andrew and sandy had a quarrel.
suddenly andrew came tohimself, and cried:"sandy!
he says we're to agree!"
"he says we're to love one another, and we canna do that if we dinnaagree!"
there came a pause.
"perhaps after all you were in the right, sandy!"
"i was just going to say that; when i think about it, perhaps i wasn'tso much in the right as i thought i was!"
"it can't matter much which was in the right, when we were both in thewrong!"
"let's ask him to keep us from caring which is inthe right, and make us both try to be in the right we don't oftendiffer about what we are to ask for, sandy!"
"no, we don't."
"it's me to take care of you, sandy!"
"and me to take care of you, andrew!"
here was the nucleus of a church!--two stones laid on thefoundation-stone.
"luik here, sandy!"
said andrew; "we maun hae anither, an' syne there'llbe four o' 's!"
"i won'er 'at we never noticed it afore!
here's what he says: 'for wheretwo or three are gathered together in my name, there am i in the midstof them.'
in that way, wharever he micht be walkin' aboot, we could ayeget him!
he likes twa, an' his father 'ill hear the 'greed prayer, buthe likes three better--an' that stan's to rizzon, for three maun bebetter 'n twa!
first ane maun lo'e him; an' syne twa can lo'e himbetter, because ilk ane is helpit by the ither, an' lo'es him the mairthat he lo'es the ither ane!
an' syne comes the third, and there's mairan' mair throwin' o' lichts, and there's the lord himsel' i' the mids'o' them!
three maks a better mids' than twa!"
sandy could not follow the reasoning quite, but he had his own way ofunderstanding.
"it's jist like the story o' shadrach, meshach, and abednego!"
"there was three o' them, an' sae he made four!
eh, jist think o' himbein' wi' 's his verra sel'!"
here now was a church indeed: the idea of a third was the very principleof growth!
they would meet together and say: "oh, father of jesuschrist, help us to be good like jesus;" and then jesus himself wouldmake one of them, and worship the father with them!
the next thing, as a matter of course, was to look about for a third.
cried both at once.
dawtie was the child of a cotter pair, who had an acre or two of theirfather's farm, and helped him with it.
her real name has not reached me;_dawtie_ means _darling_, and is a common term of endearment--derived,jamieson suggests, from the gaelic _dalt_, signifying _a foster-child_.
dawtie was a dark-haired, laughing little darling, with shy, merrymanners, and the whitest teeth, full of fun, but solemn in an instant.
her small feet were bare and black--except on saturday nights and sundaymornings--but full of expression, and perhaps really cleaner, from theirfamiliarity with the sweet all-cleansing air, than such as hide theday-long in socks and shoes.
dawtie's specialty was love of the creatures.
she had an undoubtingconviction that every one of them with which she came in contactunderstood and loved her.
she was the champion of the oppressed, withoutknowing it.
every individual necessity stood on its own merits, and cameto her fresh and sole, as if she had forgotten all that went before it.
like some boys she had her pockets as well as her hands at the serviceof live things; but unlike any boy, she had in her love no admixture ofnatural history; it was not interest in animals with her, but anindividual love to the individual animal, whatever it might be, thatpresented itself to the love-power in her.
it may seem strange that there should be three such children together.
but their fathers and mothers had for generations been poor--which was agreat advantage, as may be seen in the world by him who has eyes to see,and heard in the parable of the rich man by him who has ears to hear.
also they were god-fearing, which was a far greater advantage, and madethem honorable; for they would have scorned things that most christianswill do.
dawtie's father had a rarely keen instinct for what is mean,and that not in the way of abhorrence in others, but of avoidance inhimself.
to shades and _nuances_ of selfishness, which men of highrepute and comfortable conscience would neither be surprised to find intheir neighbors nor annoyed to find in themselves, he would give noquarter.
along with andrew's father, he had, in childhood and youth,been under the influence of a simple-hearted pastor, whom the wise andprudent laughed at as one who could not take care of himself, incapableof seeing that, like his master, he laid down his life that he mighttake it again.
he left god to look after him, that he might be free tolook after god.
little dawtie had learned her catechism, but, thank god, had neverthought about it or attempted to understand it--good negativepreparation for becoming, in a few years more, able to understand thenew testament with the heart of a babe.
the brothers had not long to search before they came upon her, where shesat on the ground at the door of the turf-built cottage, feeding achicken with oatmeal paste.
"what are you doin', dawtie?"
"i'm tryin'," she answered, without looking up, "to haud the life i' thechuckie."
"what's the matter wi' 't?"
"naething but the want o' a mither."
"is the mither o' 't deid?"
"na, she's alive eneuch, but she has ower mony bairns to hap them a';her wings winna cower them, and she drives this ane awa', and winna latit come near her."
"sic a cruel mither!"
"na, she's no' cruel.
she only wants to gar't come to me!
she kenned iwould tak it.
na, na; flappy's a guid mither!
i ken her weel; she's aneo' our ain!
she kens me, or she would hae keepit the puir thing, anddone her best wi' her."
"i ken somebody," said andrew, "that would fain spread oot wings, like agreat big hen, ower a' the bairns, you an' me an' a', dawtie!"
"that's my mither!"
cried dawtie, looking up, and showing her whiteteeth.
"na, it's a man," said sandy.
"it's my father, than!"
"na, it's no.
would ye like to see him?"
"na, i'm no carin'."
"sandy and me's gaein' to see him some day."
"i'll gang wi' ye.
but i maun tak' my chuckie!"
she looked down where she had set the little bird on the ground; it hadhobbled away and she could not see it!
"eh," she cried, starting up, "ye made me forget my chuckie wi' yerquestions!
it's mither 'ill peck it!"
she darted off, and forsook the tale of the son of man to look after herchicken.
but presently she returned with it in her hands.
"tell awa'," she said, resuming her seat "what do they ca' him?"
"they ca' him the father o' jesus christ."
"i'll gang wi' ye," she answered.
so the church was increased by a whole half, and the fraction of achicken--type of the groaning creation, waiting for the sonship.
the three gathered to read and pray.
and almost always there was somecreature with them in the arms or hands of dawtie.
and if the lord wasnot there, too, then are we christians most miserable, for we see aglory beyond all that man could dream, and it is but a dream!
they went on at other times with the usual employments and games ofchildren.
but there was this difference between them and most grownchristians, that when anything roused thought or question they at oncereferred it to the word of jesus, and having discovered his will, madehaste to do it.
it naturally followed that, seeing he gives the spiritto them that obey him, they grew rapidly in the modes of their master,learning to look at things as he looked at them, to think of them as hethought of them, to value what he valued, and despise what hedespised--all in simplest order of divine development, in uttermostaccord with highest reason, the whole turning on the primary andcontinuous effort to obey.
it was long before they came to have any regular time of meeting.
andrewalways took the initiative in assembling the church.
when he called theycame together.
then he would read from the story, and communicate anydiscovery he had made concerning what jesus would have them do.
next,they would consult and settle what they should ask for, and one of them,generally andrew, but sometimes sandy, would pray.
they made no formalutterance, but simply asked for what they needed.
here are somespecimens of their petitions:"oh, lord, sandy canna for the life o' 'im un'erstan' the rule o' three;please, lord, help him."
"oh, lord, i dinna ken onything i want the day; please gi'e us what weneed, an' what ye want us to hae, wi'oot our askin' it."
"lord, help us; we're ill-natnr'd (_bad-tempered_) the day; an' ye wadnahae us that""lord, dawtie's mither has a sair heid (_headache_); mak her better,gien ye please."
when their prayers were ended andrew would say: "sandy, have you foundanything he says?"
and there-upon, if he had, sandy would speak.
dawtienever said a word, but sat and listened with her big eyes, generallystroking some creature in her lap.
surely the part of every superior is to help the life in the lower!
once the question arose, in their assembly of three and a bird, whoseleg dawtie had put in splints, what became of the creatures when theydied.
they concluded that the sparrow that god cared for must be worthcaring for; and they could not believe he had made it to last only sucha little while as its life in this world.
thereupon they agreed to askthe lord that, when they died, they might have again a certain dog, anugly little white mongrel, of which they had been very fond.
all theirdays thereafter they were, i believe, more or less consciously, lookingforward to the fulfillment of this petition.
for their hope strengthenedwith the growth of their ideal; and when they had to give up any beliefit was to take a better in its place.
they yielded at length the notion that the peddler was jesus christ, butthey never ceased to believe that he was god's messenger, or that thelord was with them always.
they would not insist that he was walkingabout on the earth, but to the end of their days they cherished theuncertain hope that they might, even without knowing it, look upon theface of the lord in that of some stranger passing in the street, ormingling in a crowd, or seated in a church; for they knew that all theshapes of man belong to him, and that, after he rose from the dead therewere several occasions on which he did not at first look like himself tothose to whom he appeared.
the child-like, the essential, the divine notion of serving, with theirevery-day will and being, the will of the living one, who lived for themthat they might live, as once he had died for them that they might die,ripened in them to a christianity that saw god everywhere, saw thateverything had to be done as god would have it done, and that nothingbut injustice had to be forsaken to please him.
they were under noinfluence of what has been so well called _other-worldliness_, for theysaw this world as much god's as that, saw that its work has to be donedivinely, that it is the beginning of the world to come.
it was to themall one world, with god in it, all in all; therefore the best work forthe other world was the work of this world.
such was the boyhood of that andrew ingram whom miss fordyce nowreproved for not setting the good example of going to church.
the common sense of the children rapidly developed, for there is noteacher like obedience, and no obstruction like its postponement.
whenin after years their mothers came at length to understand that obediencehad been so long the foundation of their life, it explained to them manythings that had seemed strange, and brought them to reproach themselvesthat they should have seemed strange.
it ought not to be overlooked that the whole thing was wrought in thechildren without directed influence of kindred or any neighbor.
the galvanism of imitation is not the life of the spirit;the use of form where love is not is killing.
and if any one is desirousof spreading the truth let him apply himself, like these children, tothe doing of it; not obeying the truth, he is doubly a liar pretendingto teach it; if he obeys it already, let him obey it more.
it is lifethat awakes life.
all form of persuasion is empty except in vitalassociation with regnant obedience.
talking and not doing is dry rot.
cottage children are sometimes more fastidious about their food thanchildren that have a greater variety; they have a more delicateperception and discrimination in the simple dishes on which they thrive;much choice, though little refusal.
andrew had a great dislike to lumpsin his porridge; and one day the mother having been less careful thanusual in cooking it, he made a wry face at the first spoonful.
"andrew," said sandy, "take no thought for what ye eat."
it was a wrong interpretation, but a righteous use of the word.
happythe soul that mistakes the letter only to get at the spirit!
andrew's face smoothed itself, began to clear up, and broke at last intoa sunny smile.
he said nothing, but eat his full share of the porridgewithout a frown.
this was practical religion; and if any one judge itnot worth telling, i count his philosophy worthless beside it.
such adoer knows more than such a reader will ever know, except he takeprecisely the same way to learn.
the children of god do what he wouldhave them do, and are taught of him.
a report at length reached the pastor, now an old man, of ripe heart andtrue insight, that certain children in his parish "played at the lord'ssupper."
he was shocked, and went to their parents.
they knew nothing ofthe matter.
the three children were sought, and the pastor had a privateinterview with them.
from it he reappeared with a solemn, pale face, andsilent tongue.
they asked him the result of his inquiry.
he answeredthat he was not prepared to interfere: as he was talking with them, thewarning came that there were necks and mill-stones.
the next sunday hepreached a sermon from the text, "out of the month of babes andsucklings thou hast perfected praise."
the fathers and mothers made inquisition, and found no desire toconceal.
wisely or not, they forbade the observance.
it cost andrew muchthought whether he was justified in obeying them; but he saw that rightand wrong in itself was not concerned, and that the lord would have themobey their parents.
it was necessary to tell so much of the previous history of andrew, lestwhat remains to be told should perhaps be unintelligible or seemincredible without it.
a character like his can not be formed in a day;it must early begin to grow.
the bond thus bound between the children, altering in form as they grew,was never severed; nor was the lower creation ever cut off from itsshare in the petitions of any one of them.
when they ceased to assembleas a community, they continued to act on the same live principles.
gladly as their parents would have sent them to college, andrew andsandy had to leave school only to work on the farm.
but they carriedtheir studies on from the point they had reached.
when they could notget further without help, they sought and found it.
for a year or twothey went in the winter to an evening school; but it took so much timeto go and come that they found they could make more progress by workingat home.
what help they sought went a long way, and what they learned,they knew.
when the day's work was over, and the evening meal, they went to theroom their own hands had made convenient for study as well as sleep, andthere resumed the labor they had dropped the night before.
together theyread greek and mathematics, but andrew worked mainly in literature,sandy in mechanics.
on saturdays, sandy generally wrought at some model,while andrew read to him.
on sundays, they always, for an hour or two,read the bible together.
the brothers were not a little amused with miss fordyce's patronage ofandrew; but they had now been too long endeavoring to bring intosubjection the sense of personal importance, to take offense at it.
dawtie had gone into service, and they seldom saw her except when shecame home for a day at the term.
she was a grown woman now, but the sameloving child as before.
she counted the brothers her superiors, just asthey counted the laird and his daughter their superiors.
but whereasalexa claimed the homage, dawtie yielded where was no thought ofclaiming it.
the brothers regarded her as their sister.
that she waspoorer than they, only made them the more watchful over her, and ifpossible the more respectful to her.
so she had a rich return for hercare of the chickens and kittens and puppies.
george went home the next day; and the following week sent andrew anote, explaining that when he saw him he did not know his obligation tohim, and expressing the hope that, when next in town, he would call uponhim.
this was hardly well, being condescension to a superior.
perhapsthe worst evil in the sense of social superiority is the vile fancy thatit alters human relation.
george did not feel bound to make the sameacknowledgment of obligation to one in humble position as to one in thesame golden rank with himself!
it says ill for social distinction, if,for its preservation, such an immoral difference be essential.
butandrew was not one to dwell upon his rights.
he thought it friendly ofmr. crawford to ask him to call; therefore, although he had littledesire to make his acquaintance, and grudged the loss of time, to no manso precious as to him who has a pursuit in addition to a calling,andrew, far stronger in courtesy than the man who invited him, took thefirst saturday afternoon to go and see him.
mr. crawford the elder lived in some style, and his door was opened by aservant whose blatant adornment filled andrew with friendly pity: no manwould submit to be dressed like that, he judged, except from necessity.
the reflection sprung from no foolish and degrading contempt forhousehold service.
it is true andrew thought no labor so manly as thatin the earth, out of which grows everything that makes the loveliness oruse of nature; for by it he came in contact with the primaries of humanlife, and was god's fellow laborer, a helper in the work of theuniverse, knowing the ways of it and living in them; but not the lesswould he have done any service, and that cheerfully, which his own needor that of others might have required of him.
the colors of a parrot,however, were not fit for a son of man, and hence his look of sympathy.
his regard was met only by a glance of plain contempt, as the lackey,moved by the same spirit as his master, left him standing in thehall--to return presently, and show him into the library--a room ofmahogany, red morocco, and yellow calf, where george sat.
he rose, andshook hands with him.
"i am glad to see you, mr. ingram," he said.
"when i wrote i had butjust learned how much i was indebted to you."
"i understand what you must mean," returned andrew, "but it was scarceworth alluding to.
miss fordyce had the better claim to serve you!"
"you call it nothing to carry a man of my size over a mile of heather!"
"i had help," answered andrew; "and but for the broken leg," he added,with a laugh, "i could have carried you well enough alone."
there came a pause, for george did not know what next to do with thefarmer fellow.
so the latter spoke again, being unembarrassed.
"you have a grand library, mr. crawford!
it must be fine to sit among somany books!
it's just like a wine-merchant's cellars--only here you canopen and drink, and leave the bottles as full as before!"
"a good simile, mr.
"you must come and dinewith me, and we'll open another sort of bottle!"
"you must excuse me there, sir!
i have no time for that sort of bottle."
"i understand you read a great deal?"
"weather permitting," returned andrew.
"i should have thought if anything was independent of the weather, itmust be reading!"
"not a farmer's reading, sir.
to him the weather is the word of god,telling him whether to work or read."
george was silent.
to him the word of god was the bible!
"but you must read a great deal yourself, sir!"
resumed andrew, castinga glance round the room.
"the books are my father's!"
he did not mention that his own reading came all in the library-cart,except when he wanted some special information; for george was "apractical man!"
he read his bible to prepare for his class in thesunday-school, and his shakespeare when he was going to see one of hisplays acted.
he would make the best of both worlds by paying dueattention to both!
he was religious, but liberal.
his father was a banker, an elder of the kirk, well reputed in andbeyond his circle.
he gave to many charities, and largely to educationalschemes.
his religion was to hold by the traditions of the elders, andkeep himself respectable in the eyes of money-dealers.
he went to churchregularly, and always asked god's blessing on his food, as if it were akind of general sauce.
he never prayed god to make him love hisneighbor, or help him to be an honest man.
he "had worship" everymorning, no doubt; but only a nonentity like his god could care for suchprayers as his.
george rejected his father's theology as false in logicand cruel in character: george knew just enough of god to be guilty ofneglecting him.
"when i am out all day, i can do with less reading; for then i have the'book of knowledge fair,'" said andrew, quoting milton.
"it does nottake _all_ one's attention to drive a straight furrow or keep the harrowon the edge of the last bout!"
"you don't mean you can read your bible as you hold the plow!"
"no, sir," answered andrew, amused.
"a body could not well manage a bookbetween the stilts of the plow.
the bible will keep till you get home; alittle of it goes a long way.
but paul counted the book of creationenough to make the heathen to blame for not minding it.
never a windwakes of a sudden, but it talks to me about god.
and is not the sunlightthe same that came out of the body of jesus at his transfiguration?"
"you seem to have some rather peculiar ideas of your own, mr.
for a man to have no ideas of his own, is much the sameas to have no ideas at all.
a man can not have the ideas of another man,any more than he can have another man's soul, or another man's body!"
"that is dangerous doctrine."
"perhaps we are not talking about the same thing!
i mean by _ideas_,what a man orders his life by."
"your ideas may be wrong!"
"the all-wise is my judge."
"so much the worse, if you are in the wrong!"
"it is the only good, whether i be in the right or the wrong.
would ihave my mistakes overlooked?
what judge would i desire but the judge ofall the earth!
shall he not do right?
and will he not set me right?"
"that is a most dangerous confidence!"
"it would be if there were any other judge.
but it will be neither thechurch nor the world that will sit on the great white throne.
he whosits there will not ask: 'did you go to church?'
or 'did you believe inthis or that?'
but' did you do what i told you?'"
"and what will you say to that, mr.
"i will say: 'lord, thou knowest!"
the answer checked george a little.
"suppose he should say you did not, what would you answer?"
"i would say: 'lord, send me where i may learn.'"
"and if he should say: 'that is what i sent you into the world for, andyou have not done it!'
what would you say then?"
"i should hold my peace."
"you do what he tells you then?"
"does he not say: 'forsake not the assembling of yourselves together?'"
"somebody says something like it in the epistle to the hebrews."
"and isn't that the same?"
"the man who wrote it would be indignant at your saying so!
tell me, mr.crawford, what makes a gathering a church?"
"it would take me some time to arrange my ideas before i could answeryou."
"is it not the presence of christ that makes an assembly a church?"
"does he not say that where two or three are met in his name, there ishe in the midst of them?"
"then thus far i will justify myself to you, that, if i do not go towhat you call _church_, i yet often make one of a company met in hisname."
"he does not limit the company to two or three."
but if i find i get more help and strength with acertain few, why should i go with a multitude to get less?
will you drawanother line than the master's?
why should it be more sacred to worshipwith five hundred or five thousand than with three?
if he is in themidst of them, they can not be wrong gathered!"
"it _looks_ as if you thought yourselves better than everybody else!"
"if it were so, then certainly he would not be _one_ of the gathering!"
"how are you to know that he is in the midst of you?"
"if we are not keeping his commandments, he is not.
but his presence cannot be _proved_; it can only be known.
if he meets us, it is notnecessary to the joy of his presence that we should be able to provethat he does meet us!
if a man has the company of the lord, he will carelittle whether another does or does not believe that he has."
"your way is against the peace of the church!
it fosters division."
"did the lord come to send peace on the earth?
my way, as you call it,would make division, but division between those who call themselves hisand those who are his.
it would bring together those that love him.
company would merge with company that they might look on the lordtogether.
i don't believe jesus cares much for what is called thevisible church; but he cares with his very godhead for those that do ashe tells them; they are his father's friends; they are his elect by whomhe will save the world.
it is by those who obey, and by their obedience,that he will save those who do not obey, that is, will bring them toobey.
it is one by one the world will pass to his side.
there is nosaving in the lump.
if a thousand be converted at once, it is everysingle lonely man that is converted."
"you would make a slow process of it!"
"if slow, yet faster than any other.
all god's processes are slow.
howmany years has the world existed, do you imagine, sir?"
"i don't know.
geologists say hundreds and hundreds of thousands."
"and how many is it since christ came?"
"toward two thousand."
"then we are but in the morning of christianity!
there is plenty oftime.
the day is before us."
"dangerous doctrine for the sinner!"
time is plentiful for his misery, if he will not repent; plentifulfor the mercy of god that would lead him to repentance.
there is plentyof time for labor and hope; none for indifference and delay.
god _will_have his creatures good.
they can not escape him."
"then a man may put off repentance as long as he pleases!"
"certainly he may--at least as long as he can--but it is a fearful thingto try issues with god."
"i can hardly say i understand you."
"mr. crawford, you have questioned me in the way of kindly anxiety andreproof; that has given me the right to question you.
tell me, do youadmit we are bound to do what our lord requires?"
how could any christian man do otherwise?"
"yet a man may say: 'lord, lord,' and be cast out!
it is one thing tosay we are bound to do what the lord tells us, and another to do what hetells us!
he says: 'seek ye _first_ the kingdom of god and hisrighteousness:' mr. crawford, are you seeking the kingdom of god_first_, or are you seeking money first?"
"we are sent into the world to make our living."
"sent into the world, we have to seek our living; we are not sent intothe world to seek our living, but to seek the kingdom and righteousnessof god.
and to seek a living is very different from seeking a fortune!"
"if you, mr. ingram, had a little wholesome ambition, you would be lessgiven to judging your neighbors."
andrew held his peace, and george concluded he had had the best of theargument--which was all he wanted; of the truth concerned he did not seeenough to care about it andrew, perceiving no good was to be done, waswilling to appear defeated; he did not value any victory but the victoryof the truth, and george was not yet capable of being conquered by thetruth.
resumed he, "we must avoid personalities.
there are certain thingsall respectable people have agreed to regard as right: he is apresumptuous man who refuses to regard them.
reflect on it, mr.
the curious smile hovered about the lip of the plow-man; when things tosay did not come to him, he went nowhere to fetch them.
almost inchildhood he had learned that, when one is required to meet the lie,words are given him; when they are not, silence is better.
a man whodoes not love the truth, but disputes for victory, is the swine beforewhom pearls must not be cast.
andrew's smile meant that it had been awaste of his time to call upon mr. crawford.
but he did not blamehimself, for he had come out of pure friendliness.
he would have risenat once, but feared to seem offended.
crawford, therefore, with therudeness of a superior, himself rose, saying:"is there anything i can do for you, mr.
"the only thing one man can do for another is to be at one with him,"answered andrew, rising.
"ah, you are a socialist!
that accounts for much!"
"tell me this," returned andrew, looking him in the eyes: "did jesusever ask of his father anything his father would not give him?"
"not that i remember," answered george, fearing a theological trap.
"he said once: 'i pray for them which shall believe in me, that they allmay be one, as thou father art in me, and i in thee, that they also manybe one in us!'
no man can be one with another, who is not one withchrist"as he left the house, a carriage drove up, in which was mr. crawford theelder, home from a meeting of directors, at which a dividend had beenagreed upon--to be paid from the capital, in preparation for anotherissue of shares.
andrew walked home a little bewildered.
"how is it," he said to himself,"that so many who would be terrified at the idea of not beingchristians, and are horrified at any man who does not believe there is agod, are yet absolutely indifferent to what their lord tells them to doif they would be his disciples?
but may not i be in like case withoutknowing it?
do i meet god in my geometry?
when i so much enjoy myeuclid, is it always god geometrizing to me?
do i feel talking with godevery time i dwell upon any fact of his world of lines and circles andangles?
is it god with me, every time that the joy of life, of a wind ora sky or a lovely phrase, flashes through me?
oh, my god," he broke outin speechless prayer as he walked--and those that passed said tothemselves he was mad; how, in such a world, could any but a madman weara face of joy!
"oh, my god, thou art all in all, and i have everything!
the world is mine because it is thine!
i thank thee, my god, that thouhast lifted me up to see whence i came, to know to whom i belong, toknow who is my father, and makes me his heir!
i am thine, infinitelymore than mine own; and thou art mine as thou art christ's!"
he knew his father in the same way that jesus christ knows his father.
he was at home in the universe, neither lonely, nor out-of-doors, norafraid.
through strong striving to secure his life, mr. crawford lost it--bothin god's sense of loss and his own.
he narrowly escaped being put inprison, died instead, and was put into god's prison to pay the uttermostfarthing.
but he had been such a good christian that hisfellow-christians mourned over his failure and his death, not over hisdishonesty!
for did they not know that if, by more dishonesty, he couldhave managed to recover his footing, he would have paid everything?
oneinjunction only he obeyed--he provided for his own; of all the widowsconcerned in his bank, his widow alone was secured from want; and she,like a dutiful wife, took care that his righteous intention should berighteously carried out; not a penny would she give up to the paupersher husband had made.
the downfall of the house of cards took place a few months aftergeorge's return to its business.
not initiated to the mysteries of hisfather's transactions, ignorant of what had long been threatening, itwas a terrible blow to him.
but he was a man of action, and at oncelooked to america; at home he could not hold up his head.
he had often been to potlurg, and had been advancing in intimacy withalexa; but he would not show himself there until he could appear as aman of decision--until he was on the point of departure.
she would bethe more willing to believe his innocence of complicity in thedeceptions that had led to his ruin!
he would thus also manifestself-denial and avoid the charge of interested motives!
he could notface the suspicion of being a suitor with nothing to offer!
george hadalways taken the grand rôle--that of superior, benefactor, bestower.
hewas powerful in condescension!
not, therefore, until the night before he sailed did he go to potlurg.
alexa received him with a shade of displeasure.
"i am going away," he said, abruptly, the moment they were seated.
her heart gave a painful throb in her throat, but she did not lose herself-possession.
"where are you going?"
"to new york," he replied.
"i have got a situation there--in a notunimportant house.
_there_ at least i am taken for an honest man.
fromyour heaven i have fallen."
"no one falls from any heaven but has himself to blame," rejoined alexa.
"where have i been to blame?
i was not in my father's confidence.
i knewnothing, positively nothing, of what was going on."
"why then did you not come to see me?"
"a man who is neither beggar nor thief is not willing to look either."
"you would have come if you had trusted me," she said.
"you must pardon pride in a ruined man," he answered.
"now that i amstarting to-morrow, i do not feel the same dread of beingmisunderstood!"
"it was not kind of you, george.
knowing yourself fit to be trusted, whydid you not think me capable of trusting?"
"but, alexa!--a man's own father!"
for a moment he showed signs of an emotion he had seldom had to repress.
"i beg your pardon, george!"
"i am both stupid and selfish!
are you really going so far?"
her voice trembled.
"i am--but to return, i hope, in a very different position!"
"you would have me understand--""that i shall then be able to hold up my head."
"why should an innocent man ever do otherwise?"
"he can not help seeing himself in other people's thoughts!"
"if we are in the right ought we to mind what people think of us?"
but i will make them think of me as i choose."
"by compelling their respect."
"you mean to make a fortune?"
"then it will be the fortune they respect!
you will not be more worthy!"
"i shall not."
"is such respect worth having?"
"not in itself."
"in what then?
why lay yourself out for it?"
"believe me, alexa, even the real respect of such people would beworthless to me.
i only want to bring them to their marrow-bones!"
the truth was, alexa prized social position so dearly that she did notrelish his regarding it as a thing at the command of money.
let georgebe as rich as a jew or an american, alexa would never regard him as herequal!
george worshiped money; alexa worshiped birth and land.
our own way of being wrong is all right in our own eyes; our neighbor'sway of being wrong is offensive to all that is good in us.
we areanxious therefore, kindly anxious, to pull the mote out of his eye,never thinking of the big beam in the way of the operation.
jesuslabored to show us that our immediate business is to be right ourselves.
until we are, even our righteous indignation is waste.
while he spoke, george's eyes were on the ground.
his grand resolve didnot give his innocence strength to look in the face of the woman heloved; he felt, without knowing why, that she was not satisfied withhim.
of the paltriness of his ambition, he had no inward hint.
the highresolves of a puny nature must be a laughter to the angels--the badones.
"if a man has no ambition," he resumed, feeling after her objection,"how is he to fulfill the end of his being!
no sluggard ever made hismark!
how would the world advance but for the men who have to make theirfortunes!
if a man find his father has not made money for him, what ishe to do but make it for himself?
you would not have me all my life aclerk!
if i had but known, i should by this time have been well ahead!"
alexa had nothing to answer; it all sounded very reasonable!
were notscots boys everywhere taught it was the business of life to rise?
inwhatever position they were, was it not their part to get out of it?
shedid not see that it is in the kingdom of heaven only we are bound torise.
we are born into the world not to rise in the kingdom of satan,but out of it and the only way to rise in the kingdom of heaven is to dothe work given us to do.
whatever be intended for us, this is the onlyway to it we have not to promote ourselves, but to do our work.
it isthe master of the feast who says: "go up."
if a man go up of himself, hewill find he has mistaken the head of the table.
more talk followed, but neither cast any light; neither saw the truequestion.
george took his leave.
alexa said she would be glad to hearfrom him.
alexa did not like the form of george's ambition--to gain money, and socompel the respect of persons he did not himself respect but was sheclear of the money disease herself?
would she have married a poor man,to go on as hitherto?
would she not have been ashamed to have georgeknow how she had supplied his needs while he lay in the house--that itwas with the poor gains of her poultry-yard she fed him?
did it improveher moral position toward money that she regarded commerce withcontempt--a rudiment of the time when nobles treated merchants as acottager his bees?
george's situation was a subordinate one in a house of large dealings inwall street.
is not the church supposed to be made up of god's elect?
and yet most ofmy readers find it hard to believe there should be three persons, sorelated, who agreed to ask of god, and to ask neither riches nor love,but that god should take his own way with them, that the father shouldwork his will in them, that he would teach them what he wanted of them,and help them to do it!
the church is god's elect, and yet you can notbelieve in three holy children!
do you say: "because they arerepresented as beginning to obey so young?"
"then," i answer, "there canbe no principle, only an occasional and arbitrary exercise of spiritualpower, in the perfecting of praise out of the mouth of babes andsucklings, or in the preference of them to the wise and prudent as therecipients of divine revelation."
dawtie never said much, but tried the more.
with heartiness she acceptedwhat conclusions the brothers came to, so far as she understoodthem--and what was practical she understood as well as they; for she hadin her heart the spirit of that son of man who chose a child torepresent him and his father.
as to what they heard at church, theirminds were so set on doing what they found in the gospel, that it passedover them without even rousing their intellect, and so vanished withoutdoing any hurt.
tuned to the truth by obedience, no falsehood they heardfrom the pulpit partisans of god could make a chord vibrate in response.
dawtie indeed heard nothing but the good that was mingled with thefalsehood, and shone like a lantern through a thick fog.
she was little more than a child when, to the trouble of her parents,she had to go out to service.
every half year she came home for a day orso, and neither feared nor found any relation altered.
at length afterseveral closely following changes, occasioned by no fault of hers, shewas without a place.
miss fordyce heard of it, and proposed to herparents that, until she found another, she should help meg, who wasgrowing old and rather blind: she would thus, she said, go on learning,and not be idling at home.
dawtie's mother was not a little amused at the idea of any one idling inher house, not to say dawtie, whom idleness would have tried harder thanany amount of work; but, if only that miss fordyce might see what sortof girl dawtie was, she judged it right to accept her offer.
she had not been at potlurg a week before meg began to complain that shedid not leave work enough to keep her warm.
no doubt it gave her timefor her book, but her eyes were not so good as they used to be, and shewas apt to fall asleep over it, and catch cold!
but when her mistressproposed to send her away, she would not hear of it so alexa, who hadbegun to take an interest in her, set her to do things she had hithertodone herself, and began to teach her other things.
before three monthswere over, she was a necessity in the house, and to part with dawtieseemed impossible.
a place about that time turning up, alexa at onceoffered her wages, and so dawtie became an integral portion of thelaird's modest household.
the laird himself at length began to trust her as he had never trustedservant, for he taught her to dust his precious books, which hitherto hehad done himself, but of late had shrunk from, finding not a few of themworse than pandora-boxes, liberating asthma at the merest unclosing.
dawtie was now a grown woman, bright, gentle, playful, with loving eyes,and a constant overflow of tenderness upon any creature that couldreceive it.
she had small but decided and regular features, whoseprevailing expression was confidence--not in herself, for she was scarceconscious of herself even in the act of denying herself--but in theperson upon whom her trusting eyes were turned.
she was in the world tohelp--with no political economy beyond the idea that for help andnothing else did any one exist.
to be as the sun and the rain and thewind, as the flowers that lived for her and not for themselves, as theriver that flowed, and the heather that bloomed lovely on the bare moorin the autumn, such was her notion of being.
that she had to take careof herself was a falsehood that never entered her brain.
to do what sheought, and not do what she ought not, was enough on her part, and godwould do the rest!
i will not say she reasoned thus; to herself she wasscarce a conscious object at all.
both bodily and spiritually she was inthe finest health.
if illness came, she would perhaps then discover aself with which she had to fight--i can not tell; but my impression is,that she had so long done the true thing, that illness would onlydevelop unconscious victory, perfecting the devotion of her simplerighteousness.
it is because we are selfish, with that worst selfishnesswhich is incapable of recognizing itself, not to say its ownloathsomeness, that we have to be made ill. that they may leave the lastremnants of their selfishness, are the saints themselves over-taken byage and death.
suffering does not cause the vile thing in us--that wasthere all the time; it comes to develop in us the knowledge of itspresence, that it may be war to the knife between us and it.
it was nowonder that dawtie grew more and more of a favorite at potlurg.
she did not read much, but would learn by heart anything that pleasedher, and then go saying or singing it to herself.
she had the voice of alark, and her song prevented many a search for her.
against that "rainof melody," not the pride of the laird, or the orderliness of theex-school-master ever put up the umbrella of rebuke.
her singing was sotrue, came so clear from the fountain of joy, and so plainly from nodesire to be heard, that it gave no annoyance; while such was hersympathy, that, although she had never get suffered, you would, to hearher sing "my nannie's awa'!"
have thought her in truth mourning anabsent lover, and familiar with every pang of heart-privation.
hercleanliness, clean even of its own show, was a heavenly purity; while sogently was all her spiriting done, that the very idea of fuss died inthe presence of her labor.
to the self-centered such a person soonbecomes a nobody; the more dependent they are upon her unfailingministration, the less they think of her; but they have another way ofregarding such in "the high countries."
hardly any knew her real name;she was known but by her pet name _dawtie_.
alexa, who wondered at times that she could not interest her in thingsshe made her read, little knew how superior the girl's choice was to herown!
not knowing much of literature, what she liked was always of thebest in its kind, and nothing without some best element could interesther at all.
but she was not left either to her "own sweet will" or tothe prejudices of her well-meaning mistress; however long the intervalsthat parted them, andrew continued to influence her reading as from thefirst.
a word now and a word then, with the books he lent or gave her,was sufficient.
that andrew liked this or that, was enough to makedawtie set herself to find in it what andrew liked, and it was thus shebecame acquainted with most of what she learned by heart.
above two years before the time to which i have now brought mynarrative, sandy had given up farming, to pursue the development ofcertain inventions of his which had met the approval of a man of meanswho, unable himself to devise, could yet understand a device: he sawthat there was use, and consequently money in them, and wisely put it insandy's power to perfect them.
he was in consequence but little at home,and when dawtie went to see her parents, as she could much oftener now,andrew and she generally met without a third.
however many weeks mighthave passed, they always met as if they had parted only the nightbefore.
there was neither shyness nor forwardness in dawtie.
perhaps alivelier rose might tinge her sweet round cheek when she saw andrew;perhaps a brighter spark shone in the pupil of andrew's eye; but theymet as calmly as two prophets in the secret of the universe, neitheranxious nor eager.
the old relation between them was the more potentthat it made so little outward show.
"have you anything for me, andrew?"
dawtie would say, in the strongdialect which her sweet voice made so pleasant to those that loved her;whereupon andrew, perhaps without immediate answer more than a smile,would turn into his room, and reappear with what he had got ready forher to "chew upon" till they should meet again.
milton's sonnet, forinstance, to the "virgin wise and pure," had long served her aspiration;equally wise and pure, dawtie could understand it as well as she forwhom it was written.
to see the delight she took in it, would have beena joy to any loving student of humanity.
it had cost her more effort tolearn than almost any song, and perhaps therefore it was the moreprecious.
andrew seldom gave her a book to learn from; in general hecopied, in his clearest handwriting, whatever poem or paragraph hethought fit for dawtie; and when they met, she would not unfrequently,if there was time, repeat unasked what she had learned, and be rewardedwith his unfailing look of satisfaction.
there was a secret between them--a secret proclaimed on the house-tops,a secret hidden, the most precious of pearls, in their hearts--that theearth is the lord's and the fullness thereof; that its work is the workof the lord, whether the sowing of the field, the milking of the cow,the giving to the poor, the spending of wages, the reading of the bible;that god is all in all, and every throb of gladness his gift; that theirlife came fresh every moment from his heart; that what was lacking tothem would arrive the very moment he had got them ready for it.
theywere god's little ones in god's world--none the less their own that theydid not desire to swallow it, or thrust it in their pockets.
among poverty-stricken christians, consumed with care to keep a hold ofthe world and save their souls, they were as two children of the house.
by living in the presence of the living one, they had become themselveshis presence--dim lanterns through which his light shone steady.
sandy had found it expedient to go to america, and had now been there atwelvemonth; he had devised a machine of the value of which not even hispatron could be convinced--that is, he could not see the prospect of itsmaking money fast enough to constitute it a _good thing_.
sandy regardedit as a discovery, a revelation for the uplifting of a certaindown-trodden portion of the community; and therefore, having saved alittle money, had resolved to make it known in the states, where insightinto probabilities is fresher.
and now andrew had a letter from him inwhich he mentioned that he had come across mr. crawford, already of highrepute in wall street; that he had been kind to him, and having learnedhis object in visiting the country, and the approximate risk in bringingout his invention, had taken the thing into consideration.
but the nextmail brought another letter to the effect that, having learned thenature of the business done by mr. crawford, he found himself unable todistinguish between it and gambling, or worse; it seemed to him a vortexwhose very emptiness drew money into it.
he had therefore drawn back,and declined to put the thing in crawford's hands.
this letter andrewgave dawtie to read, that she might see that sandy remained a true man.
he had never been anxious on the point, but was very glad that ignorancehad not drawn him into an evil connection.
dawtie took the letter with her to read at her leisure.
unable, however,to understand something sandy said concerning mr. crawford's business,she asked a question or two of her mistress, which led to questions onalexa's part.
finding what was the subject of sandy's letter, she wishedto see it.
dawtie asked leave of andrew, and gave it her.
alexa was both distressed and indignant becoming at once george'spartisan.
her distress diminished and her indignation increased as shereflected on the _airt_ whence the unfavorable report reached her; thebrothers were such peculiar men!
she recalled the strange things she hadheard of their childhood; doubtless the judgment was formed on anoverstrained and quixotic idea of honesty!
besides, there had alwaysbeen a strong socialistic tendency in them, which explained how sandycould malign his benefactor!
george was incapable of doing anythingdishonorable!
she would not trouble herself about it.
but she would liketo know how andrew regarded the matter.
she asked him therefore what he thought of sandy's procedure.
andrewreplied that he did not know much about business; but that the onlysafety must lie in having nothing to do with what was doubtful;therefore sandy had done right.
alexa said it was too bad of him tocondemn where he confessed ignorance.
andrew replied:"ma'am, if mr. crawford is wrong he is condemned; if he is right myprivate doubt can not hurt him.
sandy must act by his own doubt, not bymr. crawford's confidence."
alexa grew more distressed, for she began to recall things george hadsaid which at the time she had not liked, but which she had succeeded inforgetting.
if he had indeed gone astray, she hoped he would forget her;she could do without him!
but the judgment of such a man as sandy couldsettle nothing.
of humble origin and childish simplicity, he could notsee the thing as a man of experience must.
george might be all rightnotwithstanding.
at the same time there was his father--whose reputationremained under a thick cloud, whose failed character rather than hisill-success had driven george to the other continent.
breed must go forsomething in a question of probabilities.
it was the first time alexa'sthoughts had been turned into such a channel.
she clung to the poorcomfort that something must have passed at the interview so kindlysought by george to set the quixotical young farmer against him.
shewould not utter his name to andrew ever again!
she was right in thinking that george cherished a sincere affection forher.
it was one of the spurs which drove him too eagerly after money.
idoubt if any man starts with a developed love of money for its ownsake--except indeed he be born of generations of mammon worshipers.
george had gone into speculation with the object of retrieving theposition in which he had supposed himself born, and in the hope ofwinning the hand of his cousin--thinking too much of himself to offerwhat would not in the eyes of the world be worth her acceptance.
when hestepped on the inclined plane of dishonesty he believed himself onlyengaging in "legitimate speculation;" but he was at once affected by theatmosphere about him.
wrapped in the breath of admiration and adulationsurrounding men who cared for _nothing_ but money-making, men who werenot merely dishonest, but the very serpents of dishonesty, against whompickpockets will "stick off" as angels of light; constantly under thesoftly persuasive influence of low morals and extravagant appreciationof cunning, he came by rapid degrees to think less and less of right andwrong.
at first he called the doings of the place dishonest; then hecalled them sharp practice; then he called them a little shady; then,close sailing; then he said this or that transaction was deuced clever;then, the man was more rogue than fool; then he laughed at the successof a vile trick; then he touched the pitch, and thinking all the time itwas but with one finger, was presently besmeared all over--as wasnatural, for he who will touch is already smeared.
while alexa was fighting his battles with herself he had thrown down hisarms in the only battle worth fighting.
when he wrote to her, which hedid regularly, he said no more about business than that his prospectswere encouraging; how much his reticence may have had to do with a senseof her disapproval i can not tell.
one lovely summer evening dawtie, with a bundle in her hand, looked fromthe top of a grassy knoll down on her parents' turf cottage.
the sun wassetting behind her, and she looked as if she had stepped from it as ittouched the ground on which she stood, rosy with the rosiness of thesun, but with a light in her countenance which came from a highersource, from the same nest as the sun himself.
she paused but a moment,ran down the hill, and found her mother making the porridge.
mother anddaughter neither embraced, nor kissed, nor even shook hands, but theirfaces glowed with delight, and words of joy and warmest welcome flowedbetween them.
"but ye haena lost yer place, hae ye, hinny?"
said the mother.
"no, mother; there's no fear o' that, as lang's the laird or miss lexy'sto the fore.
they tret me--i winna say like ane o' themsel's, but as ifthey would hae likit me for ane o' themsel's, gien it had pleased thelord to sen' me their way instead o' yours.
they're that guid to me yecanna think!"
"then what's broucht ye the day?"
"i beggit for a play-day.
i wantit to see an'rew."
i'm feart for ye!
ye maunna set yer hert sae hie!
an'rew'sthe best o' men, but a lass canna hae a man til hersel' jist 'cause he'sthe best man i' the warl'!"
"what mean ye by that, mother?"
said dawtie, looking a little scared.
"am i no' to lo'e an'rew, 'cause he's 'maist as guid's the lord wad haehim?
wad ye hae me hate him for't?
has na he taught me to lo'e god--tolo'e him better nor father, mither, an'rew, or onybody?
i _wull_ lo'ean'rew!
what can ye mean, mother?"
"what i mean, dawtie, is, that ye mamma think because ye lo'e him yemaun hae him; ye maunna think ye canna du wantin' an'rew!"
"it's true, mother, i kenna what i should do wantin' an'rew!
is na heaye shovin' the door o' the kingdom a wee wider to lat me see in thebetter?
it's little ferly (_marvel_) i lo'e him!
but as to wantin'himfor my ain man, as ye hae my father!--mother, i wad be ashamet o' mysel'to think o' ony sic a thing!--clean affrontit wi' mysel' i wad be!"
"weel, weel, bairn!
ye was aye a wise like lass, an' i maun lippen tilye!
only luik to yer hert."
"as for no' lo'ein' him, mither--me that canna luik at a blin' kittlin'ohn lo'ed it!--lo, mither!
god made me sae, an didna mean me no' to lo'ean'rew!"
she repeated, as if the word meant the perfection of earth'sworthiest rendering the idea of appropriation too absurd.
silence followed, but the mother was brooding.
"ye maun bethink ye, lass, hoo far he's abune ye!"
she said at length.
as the son of the farmer on whose land her husband was a cotter, andrewseemed to her what the laird seemed to old john ingram, and what theearl seemed to the laird, though the laird's family was ancient when theearl's had not been heard of.
but dawtie understood andrew better thandid her mother.
"you and me sees him far abune, mother, but andrew himsel' never thinkso' nae sic things.
he's sae used to luikin' up, he's forgotten to luikdoon.
he bauds his lan' frae a higher than the laird, or the yerlhimsel'!"
the mother was silent.
she was faithful and true, but, fed on the driedfish of logic and system and roman legalism, she could not follow thesimplicities of her daughter's religion, who trusted neither in notionsabout him, nor even in what he had done, but in the live christ himselfwhom she loved and obeyed.
"if andrew wanted to marry me," dawtie went on, jealous for the divineliberty of her teacher, "which never cam intil's heid--na, no ance--thesame bein' ta'en up wi' far ither things, it wouldna be because i wasbut a cotter lass that he wouldna tak his ain gait!
but the morn's thesabbath day, and we'll hae a walk thegither."
"i dinna a'thegither like thae walks upo' the sabbath day," said themother.
"jesus walkit on the sabbath the same as ony ither day, mother!"
"weel, but he kenned what he was aboot!"
"and sae do i, mother!
i ken his wull!"
"he had aye something on han' fit to be dune o' the sabbath!"
"and so hae i the day, mother.
if i was to du onything no fit i' thishis warl', luikin' oot o' the e'en he gae me, wi' the han's an' feet hegae me, i wad jist deserve to be nippit oot at ance, or sent intil theooter mirk (_darkness_)!"
"there's a mony maun fare ill then, lass!"
"i'm sayin' only for mysel'.
i ken nane sae to blame as i would bemysel'."
"is na that makin' yersel' oot better nor ither fowk, lass?"
"gien i said i thoucht onything worth doin' but the wull o' god, i wadbe a leear; gien i say man or woman has naething ither to do i' thiswarl' or the neist, i say it believin' ilkane o' them maun come til't atthe lang last.
feow sees't yet, but the time's comin' when ilkabody willbe as sure o' 't as i am.
what won'er is't that i say't, wi' jesustellin' me the same frae mornin' to nicht!"
"lass, lass, i fear me, ye'll gang oot o' yer min'!"
"it 'll be intil the mind o' christ, then, mother!
i dinna care for myain min'.
i hae nane o' my ain, an' will stick to his.
gien i dinna makhis mine, and stick til't, i'm lost!
noo, mother, i'll set the things,and run ower to the hoose, and lat an'rew ken i'm here!"
"as ye wull, lass!
ye'r ayont me!
i s' say naething anent a willfu'woman, for ye've been aye a guid dochter.
i trust i hae risen to houpthe lord winna be disappointit in ye."
dawtie found andrew in the stable, suppering his horses, told him shehad something to talk to him about, and asked if he would let her gowith him in his walk the next day.
andrew was delighted to see her, buthe did not say so; and she was back before her mother had taken the milkfrom the press.
in a few minutes her father appeared, and welcomed herwith a sober joy.
as they eat their supper, he could not keep his eyesoff her, she sat looking so well and nice and trim.
he was agood-looking, work-worn man, his hands absolutely horny with labor.
butinside many such horny husks are ripening beautiful kingdom hands, forthe time when "dear welcome death" will loose and let us go from thegrave-clothes of the body that bind some of us even hand and foot.
rugged father and withered mother were beautiful in the eyes of dawtie,and she and god saw them better than any other.
good, endless good wason the way to them all!
it was so pleasant to be waiting for the best ofall good things.
dawtie slept in peace and happy dreams till the next morning, when shewas up almost with the sun, and out in his low clear light.
for the sunwas strong again; the red labor and weariness were gone from his shiningface.
everything about her seemed to know god, or at least to have had amoment's gaze upon him.
how else could everything look so content,hopeful and happy.
it is the man who will not fall in with the father'sbliss to whom the world seems soulless and dull.
dawtie was at peacebecause she desired nothing but what she knew he was best pleased togive her.
even had she cherished for andrew the kind of love her motherfeared, her lord's will would have been her comfort and strength.
if anyone say: "then she could not know what love is!"
i answer: "that persondoes not know what the better love is that lifts the being into such aserene air that it can fast from many things and yet be blessed beyondwhat any other granted desire could make it."
the scent of thesweet-pease growing against the turf wall entered dawtie's soul like abreath from the fields of heaven, where the children made merry with theangels, the merriest of playfellows, and the winds and waters, and allthe living things, and all the things half alive, all the flowers andall the creatures, were at their sportive call; where the little oneshad babies to play with, and did not hurt them, and where dolls wereneither loved nor missed, being never thought of.
suchlike were thegirl's imaginings as her thoughts went straying, inventing, discovering.
she did not fear the father would be angry with her for being his child,and playing at creation.
who, indeed, but one that in loving heart can_make_, can rightly love the making of the maker!
when they had had their breakfast, and the old people were ready forchurch--where they would listen a little, sleep a little, sing heartily,and hear nothing to wake hunger, joy or aspiration, dawtie put a pieceof oat-cake in her pocket, and went to join andrew where they had madetheir tryst and where she found him waiting--at his length in a bush ofheather, with henry vaughan's "silex scintillans," drawing from it"bright shoots of everlastingness" for his sabbath day's delight.
heread one or two of the poems to dawtie, who was pleased but notastonished--she was never astonished at anything; she had nothing in herto make anything beautiful by contrast; her mind was of beauty itself,and anything beautiful was to her but in the order and law ofthings--what was to be expected.
nothing struck her because of itsrarity; the rare was at home in her country, and she was at home withit.
when, for instance, he read: "father of lights, what sunny seeds,"she took it up at once and understood it, felt that the good man hadsaid the thing that was to be said, and loved him for it.
she was notsurprised to hear that the prayer was more than two hundred years old;were there not millions of years in front?
why should it be wonderfulthat a few years behind men should have thought and felt as she did, andbeen able to say it as she never could!
had she not always loved thelittle cocks, and watched them learning to crow?
"but, an'rew," she said at length, "i want to tell ye something that'stroublin' me; then ye can learn me what ye like."
"tell on, dawtie," said andrew; and she began.
"ae nicht aboot a fornight ago, i couldna sleep.
i drave a' the sheep icould gether i' my brain, ower ae stile efter anither, but the sleepstack to the woo' o' them, an' ilk ane took o' 't awa' wi' him.
i wadnahae tried, but that i had to be up ear', and i was feared i wad sleepin."
for the sake of my more polished readers--i do not say more _refined_,for polish and refinement may be worlds apart--i will give the rest inmodern english.
"so i got up, and thought to sweep and dust the hall and the stairs;then if, when i lay down again, i should sleep too long, there would bea part of the day's work done!
you know, andrew, what the house is like;at the top of the stair that begins directly you enter the house, thereis a big irregular place, bigger than the floor of your barn, laid withflags.
it is just as if all the different parts of the house had beenbuilt at different times round about it, and then it was itself roofedin by an after-thought.
that's what we call _the hall_.
the spare roomopens on the left at the top of the stair, and to the right, across thehall, beyond the swell of the short thick tower you see the half ofoutside, is the door of the study.
it is all round with books--some ofthem, mistress says, worth their weight in gold, they are so scarce.
butthe master trusts me to dust them.
he used to do it himself; but nowthat he is getting old, he does not like the trouble, and it makes himasthmatic.
he says books more need dusting than anything else, but arein more danger of being hurt by it, and it makes him nervous to see metouch them.
i have known him stand an hour watching me while i dusted,looking all the time as if he had just taken a dose of medicine.
so ioften do a few books at a time, as i can, when he is not in the way tobe worried with it.
but he always knows where i have been with my dusterand long-haired brush.
and now it came across me that i had better dustsome books first of all, as it was a good chance, he being sound asleep.
so i lighted my lamp, went straight to the study, and began where i lastleft off.
"as i was dusting, one of the books i came to looked so new anddifferent from the rest that i opened it to see what it was like inside.
it was full of pictures of mugs, and gold and silver jugs and cups--someof them plain and some colored; and one of the colored ones was sobeautiful that i stood and looked at it.
it was a gold cup, i suppose,for it was yellow; and all round the edge, and on the sides, it was setwith stones, like the stones in mistress's rings, only much bigger.
theywere blue and red and green and yellow, and more colors than i canremember.
the book said it was made by somebody, but i forget his name.
it was a long name.
the first part of it began with a _b_, and thesecond with a _c_, i remember that much.
it was like _benjamin_, but itwasn't _benjamin_.
i put it back in its place, thinking i would ask themaster whether there really were such beautiful things, and took downthe next.
now whether that had been passed over between two batches idon't know, but it was so dusty that before i would touch another i gavethe duster a shake, and the wind of it blew the lamp out i took it up totake it to the kitchen and kindle it again, when, to my astonishment, isaw a light under the door of a press which was always locked, and wheremaster said he kept his most precious books.
i thought;'a light inside a locked cupboard!'
then i remembered how in one placewhere i had been there was, in a room over the stable, a press whosedoor had no fastening except a bolt on the inside, which set methinking, and some terrible things came to me that made me remember it.
so now i said to myself: 'there's some one in there, after master'sbooks!'
it was not a likely thing, but the night is the time forfancies, and in the night you don't know what is likely and what is not.
one thing, however, was clear--i ought to find out what the light meant.
fearful things darted one after the other through my head as i went tothe door, but there was one thing i dared not do, and that was to leaveit unopened.
so i opened it as softly as i could, in terror lest thethief should hear my heart beating.
when i could peep in what do youthink i saw?
i could not believe my eyes!
there was a great big room!
irubbed my eyes, and stared; and rubbed them again and stared--thinkingto rub it away; but there it was, a big odd-shaped room, part of it withround sides, and in the middle of the room a table, and on the table alamp, burning as i had never seen lamp burn, and master at the tablewith his back to me.
i was so astonished i forgot that i had no businessthere, and ought to go away.
i stood like an idiot, mazed and lost.
andyou will not wonder when i tell you that the laird was holding up to thelight, between his two hands, the very cup i had been looking at in thebook, the stones of it flashing all the colors of the rainbow.
i shouldthink it a dream, if i did not _know_ it was not.
i do not believe imade any noise, for i could not move, but he started up with a cry togod to preserve him, set the cup on the table, threw something over it,caught up a wicked-looking knife, and turned round.
his face was likethat of a corpse, and i could see him tremble.
i stood steady; it was notime then to turn away.
i supposed he expected to see a robber, andwould be glad when he discovered it was only me; but when he did hisfear changed to anger, and he came at me.
his eyes were flaming, and helooked as if he would kill me.
i was not frightened--poor old man, i wasable for him any day!--but i was afraid of hurting him.
so i closed thedoor quickly, and went softly to my own room, where i stood a long timein the dark, listening, but heard nothing more.
what am i to do,andrew?"
"i don't know that you have to do anything.
you have one thing not todo, that is--tell anybody what you have seen."
"i was forced to tell _you_ because i did not know what to do.
it makesme _so_ sorry!"
"it was no fault of yours.
you acted to the best of your knowledge, andcould not help what came of it.
perhaps nothing more will come.
leavethe thing alone, and if he say anything tell him how it happened."
"but, andrew, i don't think you see what it is that troubles me.
i amafraid my master is a miser.
the mistress and he take their meals, likepoor people, in the kitchen.
that must be the dining-room of thehouse!--and though my eyes were tethered to the flashing cup, i couldnot help seeing it was full of strange and beautiful things.
among them,i knew, by pictures i had seen, the armor of knights, when they foughton their horses' backs.
before people had money they must have miseredother things.
some girls miser their clothes, and never go decent!"
"suppose him a miser," said andrew, "what could you do?
how are you tohelp it?"
"that's what i want to know.
i love my master, and there must be a wayto help it.
it was terrible to see him, in the middle of the night,gazing at that cup as if he had found the most precious thing that canever have existed on the earth."
"what was that?"
he delighted in dawtie's talk.
it was like an angel's, he said, both inits ignorance and its wisdom.
"you can't have forgotten, andrew.
"iheard you say yourself!"
"i know," he said.
resumed dawtie; "he looked at the cup as you might at thatmanuscript!
his soul was at it, feasting upon it!
now wasn't thatmiserly?"
"it was like it."
"and i love my master," repeated dawtie, thus putting afresh thequestion what she was to do.
"why do you love him, dawtie?"
"because i'm set to love him.
besides, we're told to love ourenemies--then surely we're to love our friends.
he has always been afriend to me.
he never said a hard word to me, even when i was handlinghis books.
he trusts me with them!
i can't help loving him--a good deal,andrew!
and it's what i've got to do!"
"there's not a doubt about it, dawtie.
you've got to love him, and youdo love him!"
"but there's more than that, andrew.
to hear the laird talk you wouldthink he cared more for the bible than for the whole world--not to saygold cups.
he talks of the merits of the saviour, that you would thinkhe loved him with all his heart.
but i can not get it out of my mind,ever since i saw that look on his face, that he loves that cup--thatit's his graven image--his idol!
how else should he get up in the middleof the night to--to--to--well, it was just like worshiping it."
"you're afraid then that he's a hypocrite, dawtie!"
"no; i daren't think that--if it were only for fear i should stop lovinghim--and that would be as bad!"
"as bad as what, dawtie?"
"i don't always know what i'm going to say," answered dawtie, a littleembarrassed, "and then when i've said it i have to look what it means.
but isn't it as bad not to love a human being as it would be to love athing?"
"perhaps worse," said andrew.
"something must be done!"
she went on.
"he can't be left like that!
butif he has any love to his master, how is it that the love of that masterdoes not cast out the love of mammon?
i can't understand it."
"you have asked a hard question, dawtie.
but a cure may be going on, andtake a thousand years or ages to work it out."
"what if it shouldn't be begun yet."
"that would be terrible."
"what then am i to do, andrew?
you always say we must _do_ something!
you say there is no faith but what _does_ something!"
"the apostle james said so, a few years before i was born, dawtie!"
"don't make fun of me--please, andrew!
i like it, but i can't bear itto-day, my head is so full of the poor old laird!"
"make fun of you, dawtie!
but i don't know yet how to answeryou."
"well, then, what _am_ i to do?"
"wait, of course, till you know what to do.
when you don't know what todo, don't do anything--only keep asking the thinker for wisdom.
anduntil you know, don't let the laird see that you know anything."
with this answer dawtie was content.
business was over, and they turned to go home.
the old man had a noteworthy mental fabric.
believing himself a truelover of literature, and especially of poetry, he would lecture for tenminutes on the right mode of reading a verse in hilton or dante; but asto satan or beatrice, would pin his faith to the majority of thecommentators: milton's satan was too noble, and beatrice was no woman,but theology.
he was discriminative to a degree altogether admirable asto the brightness or wrongness of a proposition with regard to conduct,but owed his respectability to good impulses without any effort of thewill.
he was almost as orthodox as paul before his conversion, lackingonly the heart and the courage to persecute.
whatever the eternal wisdomsaw in him, the thing most present to his own consciousness was the loveof rare historic relics.
and this love was so mingled in warp and woof,that he did not know whether a thing was more precious to him for itsrarity, its money value, or its historico-reliquary interest.
all thetime he was a school-master, he saved every possible half-penny to buybooks, not because of their worth or human interest, but because oftheir literary interest, or the scarcity of the book or edition.
in theholidays he would go about questing for the prey that his soul loved,hunting after precious things; but not even the precious things of theeverlasting hills would be precious to him until they had received thestamp of curiosity.
his life consisted in a continual search forsomething new that was known as known of old.
it had hardly yet occurredto him that he must one day leave his things and exist without them, nolonger to brood over them, take them in his hands, turn, and stroke, andadmire them; yet, strange to say, he would at times anxiously seek tosatisfy himself that he was safe for a better world, as he _called_it--to feel certain, that is, that his faith was of the sort he supposedintended by paul--not that he had himself gathered anything from theapostle, but all from the traditions of his church concerning theteaching of the apostle.
he was anxious, i say, as to his safety for theworld to come, and yet, while his dearest joy lay treasured in thathidden room, he never thought of the hour when he must leave it all, andgo houseless and pocketless, empty-handed if not armless, in the wide,closetless space, hearing ever in the winds and the rain and the soundof the sea-waves, the one question--"whose shall those things be whichthou hast provided?"
like the rich man to whom god said the words, hehad gathered much goods for many years--hundreds and hundreds of things,every one of which he knew, and every one of which he loved.
a newscratch on the bright steel of one of his suits of armor was a scratchon his heart; the moth and the rust troubled him sore, for he could notkeep them away; and where his treasure was, there was his heart,devoured by the same moth, consumed by the same rust.
he had muchsuffering from his possessions--was more exposed to misery than themiser of gold, for the hoarded coin of the latter may indeed be stolen,but he fears neither moth nor rust nor scratch nor decay.
the lairdcherished his things as no mother her little ones.
nearly sixty years hehad been gathering them, and their money-worth was great, but he had noidea of its amount, for he could not have endured the exposure andhandling of them which a valuation must involve.
his love for his books had somewhat declined in the growth of his lovefor things, and now, by degrees not very slow, his love for his thingswas graduating itself after what he supposed their money-value.
his soulnot only clave to the dust but was going deeper and deeper in the dustas it wallowed.
all day long he was living in the past and growing oldin it--it is one thing to grow old in the past, and another to grow oldin the present!
as he took his walk about his farms, or sat at hismeals, or held a mild, soulless conversation with his daughter, hisheart was growing old, not healthily in the present, which is to ripen,but unwholesomely in the past, which is to consume with a dry rot.
whilehe read the bible at prayers, trying hard to banish worldly things fromhis mind, his thoughts were not in the story or the argument he read,but hovering, like a bird over its nest, about the darlings of hisheart.
yea, even while he prayed, his soul, instead of casting off theclay of the world, was loaded and dragged down with all thestill-moldering, slow-changing things that lined the walls and filledthe drawers and cabinets of his treasure-chamber.
it was a place ofwhose existence not even his daughter knew; for before ever she enteredthe house, he had taken with him a mason from the town, and built up theentrance to it from the hall, ever afterward keeping the other door ofit that opened from his study carefully locked, and leaving it to beregarded as the door of a closet.
it was as terrible as dawtie felt it, that a live human soul should thushaunt the sepulcher of the past, and love the lifeless, turning a roomhitherto devoted to hospitality and mirthful intercourse into the templeof his selfish idolatry.
it was as one of the rooms carved for the deadin the beban el malook.
sure, if left to himself, the ghost that lovedit would haunt the place!
but he could not surely be permitted!
for itmight postpone a thousand years his discovery of the emptiness of auniverse of such treasures.
now he was moldering into the world ofspirits in the heart of an avalanche of the dust of ages, dust materialfrom his hoards, dust moral and spiritual from his withering soulitself.
the next day he was ill, which, common as is illness to humanity, wasstrange, for it had never befallen him before.
he was unable to leavehis bed.
but he never said a word to his daughter, who alone waited onhim, as to what had happened in the night.
he had passed it sleepless,and without the possibility of a dream on which to fall back; yet, whenmorning came, he was in much doubt whether what he had seen--the face,namely, of dawtie, peeping in at the door--was a reality, or but avision of the night.
for when he opened the door which she had closed,all was dark, and not the slightest sound reached his quick ear from theswift foot of her retreat.
he turned the key twice, and pushed twobolts, eager to regard the vision as a providential rebuke of hiscarelessness in leaving the door on the latch--for the first time, heimagined.
then he tottered back to his chair, and sunk on it in a coldsweat.
for, although the confidence grew, that what he had seen was but                a false creation  proceeding from the heat-oppressed brain,it was far from comfortable to feel that he could no longer depend uponhis brain to tell him only the thing that was true.
what if he weregoing out of his mind, on the way to encounter a succession ofvisions--without reality, but possessed of its power!
what if theyshould be such whose terror would compel him to disclose what most hedesired to keep covered?
how fearful to be no more his own master, butat the beck and call of a disordered brain, a maniac king in a _cosmosacosmos_!
better it had been dawtie, and she had seen in his handsbenvenuto cellini's chalice made for pope clement the seventh to drinktherefrom the holy wine--worth thousands of pounds!
perhaps she had seenit!
no, surely she had not!
he must be careful not to make her suspect!
he would watch her and say nothing!
but dawtie, conscious of no wrong, and full of love to the old man,showed an untroubled face when next she met him; and he made up his mindthat he would rather have her ignorant.
thenceforward, naturally thoughchildishly, he was even friendlier to her than before: it was so great arelief to find that he had not to fear her!
the next time dawtie was dusting the books, she felt strongly drawn tolook again at the picture of the cup: it seemed now to hold in it ahuman life!
she took down the book, and began where she stood to readwhat it said about the chalice, referring as she read from letterpressto drawing.
it was taken from an illumination in a missal, where the cupwas known to have been copied; and it rendered the description in theletterpress unnecessary except in regard to the stones and _dessinsrepoussés_ on the hidden side.
she quickly learned the names of thegems, that she might see how many were in the high-priest's breast-plateand the gates of the new jerusalem, then proceeded to the history of thechalice.
she read that it had come into the possession of cardinal york,the brother of charles edward stuart, and had been by him intrusted tohis sister-in-law, the duchess of albany, from whose house itdisappeared, some said stolen, others said sold.
it came next to thehistoric surface in the possession of a certain earl whose love ofcuriosities was well known; but from his collection again it vanished,this time beyond a doubt stolen, and probably years before it wasmissed.
a new train of thought was presently in motion in the mind of the girl:_the beautiful cup was stolen!
it was not where it ought to be!
it wasnot at home!
it was a captive, a slave_!
she lowered the book, halfclosed, with a finger between the leaves, and stood thinking.
she didnot for a moment believe her master had stolen it, though the fear didflash through her mind.
it had been stolen and sold, and he had boughtit at length of some one whose possession of it was nowise suspicious!
but he must know now that it had been stolen, for here, with the cup,was the book which said so!
that would be nothing if the rightful ownerwere not known, but he was known, and the thing ought to be his!
thelaird might not be bound, she was not sure, to restore it at his ownloss, for when he bought it he was not aware that it was stolen; but hewas bound to restore it at the price he had paid for it, if the formerowner would give it!
this was bare justice!
no theftcould make the owner not the rightful owner, though other claims uponthe thing might come in!
one ought not to be enriched by another'smisfortune!
dawtie was sure that a noble of the kingdom of heaven wouldnot wait for the money, but would with delight send the cup where itought to have been all the time!
she knew better, however, than requiremagnificence in any shape from the poor wizened soul of her master--aman who knew all about everything, and whom yet she could not but fearto _be_ nothing: as dawtie had learned to understand life, the laird didnot yet exist.
but he well knew right from wrong, therefore thediscovery she just made affected her duty toward him!
it might beimpossible to make impression on the miserliness of a miser, but uponthe honesty in a miser it might be possible!
the goblet was not his!
but the love of things dulls the conscience, and he might not be able,having bought and paid for it, to see that the thing was not therefore_his_!
he might defend himself from seeing it!
to dawtie, this made thehorror of his condition the darker.
she was one of god's babes, who cannot help seeing the true state of things.
logic was to her but the smokethat rose from the burning truth; she saw what is altogether above andbeyond logic--the right thing, whose meanest servant, the hewer of itswood, not the drawer of its water, the merest scullion and sweeper awayof lies from the pavement of its courts, is logic.
with a sigh she woke to the knowledge that she was not doing her work,and rousing herself, was about to put the book on its shelf.
but, herfinger being still in the place, she would have one more glance at thepicture!
to her dismay she saw that she had made a mark on the plate,and of the enormity of making a dirty mark on a book her master had madeher well aware.
she was in great distress.
what was to be done?
she did not once thinkof putting it away and saying nothing.
to have reasoned that her masterwould never know, would have been an argument, pressing and imperative,for informing him at once.
she had done him an injury, and the injurymust be confessed and lamented; it was all that was left to be done!
"sic a mischance!"
she said, then bethought herself that there was nosuch thing as mischance, when immediately it flashed upon her that herewas the door open for the doing of what was required of her.
she wasbound to confess the wrong, and that would lead in the disclosure ofwhat she knew, rendering it comparatively easy to use some remonstrancewith the laird, whom in her mind's eye she saw like a beggar mantottering down a steep road to a sudden precipice.
her duty was now soplain that she felt no desire to consult andrew.
she was not one to askan opinion for the sake of talking opinion; she went to andrew only whenshe wanted light to do the right thing; when the light was around her,she knew how to walk, and troubled no one.
at once she laid down book and duster, and went to find the laird.
buthe had slipped away to the town, to have a rummage in a certain littleshop in a back street, which he had not rummaged for a long time enough,he thought, to have let something come in.
it was no relief to dawtie:the thing would be all the day before her instead of behind her!
itburned within her, not like a sin, but like what it was, a confessionunconfessed.
little wrong as she had done, dawtie was yet familiar withthe lovely potency of confession to annihilate it.
she knew it was theturning from wrong that killed it, that confession gave the _coup degrâce_ to offense.
still she dreaded not a little the displeasure of hermaster, and yet she dreaded more his distress.
she prepared the laird's supper with a strange mingling of hope andanxiety: she feared having to go to bed without telling him.
but he cameat last, almost merry, with a brown paper parcel under his arm, overwhich he was very careful.
poor man, he little knew there waited him atthe moment a demand from the eternal justice almost as terrible as:"this night they require thy soul of thee!"
--(what a _they_ is that!
--the torture of the moral rack was ready for him at thehands of his innocent house-maid!
in no way can one torture another morethan by waking conscience against love, passion, or pride.
he laid his little parcel carefully on the supper-table, said rather ashorter grace than usual, began to eat his porridge, praised it as verygood, spoke of his journey and whom he had seen, and was more talkativethan his wont he informed alexa, almost with jubilation, that he had atlength found an old book he had been long on the watch for--a book thattreated, in ancient broad scots, of the laws of verse, in full, evenexhaustive manner.
he pulled it from his pocket.
"it is worth at least ten times what i gave for it!"
dawtie wondered whether there ought not to have been some division ofthe difference; but she was aware of no call to speak.
one thing wasenough for one night!
then came prayers.
the old man read how david deceived the philistines,telling them a falsehood as to his raids.
he read the narrative with asolemnity of tone that would have graced the most righteous action: wasit not the deed of a man according to god's own heart?--how could it beother than right!
casuist ten times a week, he made no question of therighteousness of david's wickedness!
then he prayed, giving thanks forthe mercy that had surrounded them all the day, shielding them from thedanger and death which lurked for them in every corner.
what would hesay when death did get him?
would he thank god then?
andwould he see, when she spoke to him, that god wanted to deliver him froma worse danger than any out-of-doors?
would he see that it was from muchmercy he was made more uncomfortable than perhaps ever in his lifebefore?
at length his offering was completed--how far accepted who can tell!
hewas god's, and he who gave him being would be his father to the fullpossibility of god.
they rose from their knees; the laird took up hisparcel and book; his daughter went with him.
as soon as dawtie heard her mistress's door close, she followed hermaster to the study, and arrived just as the door of the hidden room wasshut behind him.
there was not a moment to be lost!
she went straight toit, and knocked rather loud.
no answer came.
she knocked again.
stillthere was no answer.
she knocked a third time, and after a littlefumbling with the lock, the door opened a chink, and a ghastly face,bedewed with drops of terror, peeped through.
she was standing a littleback, and the eyes did not at once find the object they sought; thensuddenly they lighted on her, and the laird shook from head to foot.
"what is it, dawtie?"
he faltered out in a broken voice.
"please, sir," answered dawtie, "i have something to confess: would yehearken to me?"
"no, no, dawtie!
i am sure you have nothing to confess!"
returned theold man, eager to send her away, and to prevent her from seeing theimportance of the room whose entrance she had discovered.
"or," he wenton, finding she did not move, "if you have done anything, dawtie, thatyou ought not to have done, confess it to god.
it is to him you mustconfess, not to a poor mortal like me!
for my part, if it lies to me, iforgive you, and there is an end!
go to your bed, dawtie."
"please, sir, i canna.
gien ye winna hear til me, i'll sit doon at thedoor o' this room, and sit till--""what room, dawtie?
call you this a room?
it's a wee bit closet where isay my prayers before i go to bed."
but as he spoke his blood ran cold within him, for he had uttered adeliberate lie--two lies in one breath: the bit closet was the largestroom in the house, and he had never prayed a prayer in it since first heentered it!
he was unspeakably distressed at what he had done, for hehad always cherished the idea that he was one who would not lie to savehis life.
and now in his old age he had lied who when a boy had honorenough to keep him from lying!
worst of all, now that he had lied, hemust hold to the lie!
he _dared_ not confess it!
he stood sick andtrembling.
"i'll wait, sir," said dawtie, distressed at his suffering, and moredistressed that he could lie who never forgot his prayers!
alas, he wasfurther down the wrong road than she had supposed!
ashamed for his sake, and also for her own, to look him in the face--fordid he not imagine she believed him, while she knew that he lied?--sheturned her back on him.
he caught at his advantage, glided out, andclosed the door behind him.
when dawtie again turned, she saw him in herpower.
her trial was come; she had to speak for life or death!
but sheremembered that the lord told his disciples to take no care how theyshould speak; for when the time came it would be given them to speak.
soshe began by simply laying down the thing that was in her hand.
"sir," she said, "i am very sorry, but this morning i made a dirty markin one of your books!"
her words alarmed him a little, and made him forget for the instant hismore important fears.
but he took care to be gentle with her; it wouldnot do to offend her!
for was she not aware that where they stood was adoor by which he went in and out?
"you make me uneasy, dawtie!"
"what book was it?
let me seeit."
"i will, sir."
she turned to take it down, but the laird followed her, saying:"point it out to me, dawtie.
i will get it."
she did so.
it opened at the plate.
"there is the mark!"
"i am right sorry."
"so am i!"
returned the laird.
"but," he added, willing she should feelhis clemency, and knowing the book was not a rare one, "it is a bookstill, and you will be more careful another time!
for you must remember,dawtie, that you don't come into this room to read the books, but todust them.
you can go to bed now with an easy mind, i hope!"
dawtie was so touched by the kindness and forbearance of her master thatthe tears rose in her eyes, and she felt strengthened for her task.
whatwould she not have encountered for his deliverance!
"please, sir," she said, "let me show you a thing you never perhapshappened to read!"
and taking the book from his hand--he was too muchastonished to retain it--she turned over the engraving, and showed himthe passage which stated that the cup had disappeared from thepossession of its owner, and had certainly been stolen.
finding he said not a word, she ventured to lift her eyes to his, andsaw again the corpse-like face that had looked through the chink of thedoor.
"what do you mean?"
"i do not understand!"
his lips trembled: was it possible he had had to do with the stealing ofit?
the truth was this: he had learned the existence of the cup from thisvery book; and had never rested until, after a search of more than tenyears, he at length found it in the hands of a poor man who dared notoffer it for sale.
once in his possession, the thought of giving it up,or of letting the owner redeem it, had never even occurred to him.
yetthe treasure made him rejoice with a trembling which all his casuistrywould have found it hard to explain; for he would not confess to himselfits real cause--namely, that his god-born essence was uneasy with avague knowledge that it lay in the bosom of a thief.
"don't you think,sir," said dawtie, "that whoever has that cup ought to send it back tothe place it was stolen from?"
had the old man been a developed hypocrite, he would have replied atonce: "he certainly ought."
but by word of mouth to condemn himselfwould have been to acknowledge to himself that he ought to send the cuphome, and this he dared not do.
men who will not do as they know, makestrange confusion in themselves.
the worst rancor in the vessel of peaceis the consciousness of wrong in a not all-unrighteous soul.
the lairdwas false to his own self, but to confess himself false would be toinitiate a change which would render life worthless to him!
what wouldall his fine things be without their heart of preciousness, the onejewel that now was nowhere in the world but in his house, in the secretchamber of his treasures, which would be a rifled case without it!
as isnatural to one who will not do right, he began to argue the moralquestion, treating it as a point of casuistry that troubled the mind ofthe girl.
"i don't know that, dawtie!"
"it is not likely that the personthat has the cup, whoever he may be--that is, if the cup be still inexistence--is the same who stole it; and it would hardly be justice topunish the innocent for the guilty?--as would be the case, if, supposingi had bought the cup, i had to lose the money i paid for it.
should theman who had not taken care of his cup have his fault condoned at myexpense?
did he not deserve, the many might say, to be so punished,placing huge temptation in the path of the needy, to the loss of theirprecious souls, and letting a priceless thing go loose in the world, towork ruin to whoever might innocently buy it?"
his logic did not serve to show him the falsehood of his reasoning, forhis heart was in the lie.
"ought i or he," he went on, "to be punishedbecause he kept the thing ill?
and how far would the quixotic obligationdescend?
a score of righteous men may by this time have bought and soldthe cup!--is it some demon-talisman, that the last must meet thepenalty, when the original owner, or some descendant of the man who lostit, chooses to claim it?
for anything we know, he may himself havepocketed the price of the rumored theft!
can you not see it would be aflagrant injustice?--fit indeed to put an end to all buying and selling!
it would annihilate transfer of property!
possession would mean onlystrength to keep, and the world would fall into confusion."
"it would be hard, i grant," confessed dawtie; "but the man who has itought at least to give the head of the family in which it had been thechance of buying it back at the price it cost him.
if he could not buyit back--then the thing would have to be thought over."
"i confess i don't see the thing," returned the laird.
"but the questionneeds not keep you out of bed, dawtie!
it is not often a girl in yourposition takes an interest in the abstract!
besides," he resumed,another argument occurring to him, "a thing of such historical value andinterest ought to be where it was cared for, not where it was in dangerevery moment."
"there might be something in that," allowed dawtie, "if it were whereeverybody could see it.
but where is the good if it be but for the eyesof one man?"
the eyes she meant fixed themselves upon her till their gaze grew to astony stare.
she _must_ know that he had it!
or did she only suspect?
hemust not commit himself!
he must set a watch on the door of his lips!
what an uncomfortable girl to have in the house!
oh, thoseself-righteous ingrams!
what mischief they did!
his impulse was to dartinto his treasure-cave, lock himself in, and hug the radiant chalice.
he must endure instead the fastidious conscience and probingtongue of an intrusive maid-servant!
"but," he rejoined, with an attempt at a smile, "if the pleasure the oneman took in it should, as is easy to imagine, exceed immeasurably theaggergate pleasure of the thousands that would look upon it and pass itby--what then?"
"the man would enjoy it the more that many saw it--except he loved itfor greed, when he would be rejoicing in iniquity, for the cup would notbe his.
and anyhow, he could not take it with him when he died!"
the face of the miser grew grayer; his lip trembled; but he saidnothing.
he was beginning to hate dawtie.
she was an enemy!
she soughthis discomfiture, his misery!
he had read strange things in certain oldbooks, and half believed some of them: what if dawtie was one of thoseevil powers that haunt a man in pleasant shape, learn the secrets of hisheart, and gain influence over him that they may tempt him to yield hissoul to the enemy!
she was set on ruining him!
certainly she knew thatcup was in his possession!
he must temporize!
he must _seem_ to listen!
but as soon as fit reason could be found, such as would neithercompromise him nor offend her, she must be sent away!
and of all things,she must not gain the means of proving what she now perhaps onlysuspected, and was seeking assurance of!
he stood thinking.
it was butfor a moment; for the very next words from the lips of the girl that wasto him little more than a house-broom, set him face to face withreality--the one terror of the unreal.
"eh, maister, sir," said dawtie, with the tears in her eyes, and now atlast breaking down in her english, "dinna ye _ken_ 'at ye _hae_ to giethe man 'at aucht that gowden bicker, the chance o' buyin' 't back?"
the laird shivered.
he dared not say: "how do you know?"
for he darednot hear the thing proved to him.
if she did know, he would not fronther proof!
he would not have her even suppose it an acknowledged fact!
"if i had the cup," he began--but she interrupted him: it was time theyshould have done with lying!
"ye ken ye hae the cup, sir!"
"and i ken tu, for i saw 't i'yer han's!"
"you shameless, prying hussy!"
he began, in a rage at last--but theeager, tearful earnestness of her face made him bethink himself: itwould not do to make an enemy of her!
"tell me, dawtie," he said, withsudden change of tone, "how it was you came to see it."
she told him all--how and when; and he knew that he had seen her seehim.
he managed to give a poor little laugh.
"all is not gold that glitters, dawtie!"
"the cup you saw wasnot the one in the book, but an imitation of it--mere gilded tin andcolored glass--copied from the picture, as near as they could makeit--just to see better what it must have been like.
why, my good girl,that cup would be worth thousands of pounds!
so go to bed, and don'ttrouble yourself about gold cups.
it is not likely any of them will comeour way!"
simple as dawtie was, she did not believe him.
but she saw no good to bedone by disputing what he ought to know.
"it wasna aboot the gold cup i was troublin' mysel'!"
"you are right there!"
he replied, with another deathly laugh, "it wasnot!
but you have been troubling me about nothing half the night, and iam shivering with cold!
we really must, both of us, go to bed!
whatwould your mistress say!"
"no," persisted dawtie, "it wasna aboot the cup, gowd or no gowd; it wasand is aboot my maister i'm troubled!
i'm terrible feart for ye, sir!
ye're a worshiper o' mammon, sir!"
the laird laughed, for the danger was over!--to dawtie's deep dismay helaughed!
"my poor girl," he said, "you take an innocent love of curious thingsfor the worship of mammon!
don't imagine me jesting.
how could youbelieve an old man like me, an elder of the kirk, a dispenser of hersacred things, guilty of the awful crime of mammon worship?"
he imagined her ignorantly associating the idea of some idolatrousritual with what to him was but a phrase--the worship of mammon.
"do younot remember," he continued, "the words of christ, that a man _can not_serve god and mammon?
if i be a christian, as you will hardly doubt, itfollows that i am not a worshiper of mammon, for the two can not gotogether."
"but that's just the question, sir!
a man who worships god, worships himwith his whole heart and soul and strength and mind.
if he wakes atnight, it is to worship god; if he is glad in his heart, it is becausegod is, and one day he shall behold his face in brightness.
if a manworships god, he loves him so that no love can come between him and god;if the earth were removed, and the mountains cast into the midst of thesea, it would be all one to him, for god would be all the same.
is itnot so, sir?"
"you are a good girl, dawtie, and i approve of every word you say.
itwould more than savor of presumption to profess that i loved god up tothe point you speak of; but i deserve to love him.
doubtless a man oughtto love god so, and we are all sinners just because we do not love godso.
but we have the atonement!"
"but, sir," answered dawtie, the silent tears running down her face, "ilove god that way!
i don't care a dust for anything without him!
when igo to bed, i don't care if i never wake again in this world; i shall bewhere he would have me!"
"you presume, dawtie!
i fear me much you presume!
what if that should bein hell?"
"if it be, it will be the best.
it will be to set me right.
oh, sir, heis so good!
tell me one thing, sir: when you die--""tut, tut, lass!
we're not come to that yet!
there's no occasion tothink about that yet awhile!
we're in the hands of a reconciled god."
"what i want to know," pursued dawtie, "is how you will feel, how youwill get on when you haven't got anything!"
"not got anything, girl!
are you losing your senses?
of course we shallwant nothing then!
i shall have to talk to the doctor about you!
weshall have you killing us in our beds to know how we like it!"
he laughed; but it was a rather scared laugh.
"what i mean," she persisted, "is--when you have no body, and no handsto take hold of your cap, what will you do without it?"
"what if i leave it to you, dawtie!"
returned the laird, with a stupidmixture of joke and avarice in his cold eye.
"please, sir, i didn't say what you would do with it, but what would youdo without it when it will neither come out of your heart nor into yourhands!
it must be misery to a miser to _have_ nothing!"
"a miser, hussy!"
"a lover of things, more than a lover of god!"
"well, perhaps you have the better of me!"
he said, after a cowed pause;for he perceived there was no compromise possible with dawtie: she knewperfectly what she meant; and he could neither escape her logic, norchange her determination, whatever that might be.
"i dare say you areright!
i will think what ought to be done about that cup!"
he stopped, self amazed: he had committed himself!--as much as confessedthe cup genuine!
but dawtie had not been deceived, and had not beenthinking about the cup.
only it was plain that, if he would consent topart with it for its money-worth, that would be a grand beginning towardthe renouncing of dead _things_ altogether, toward the turning to theliving one the love that now gathered, clinging and haunting, about goldcups and graved armor, and suchlike vapors and vanishings, that passwith the sunsets and the snows.
she fell on her knees, and, in thespirit of a child and of the apostle of the gentiles, cried, laying herlittle red hands together and uplifting them to her master in purestentreaty.
"oh, laird, laird, ye've been gude and kin' to me, and i lo'e ye, thelord kens!
i pray ye for christ's sake be reconciled to god, for ye haebeen servin' mammon and no him, and ye hae jist said we canna serve thetwa, and what 'ill come o' 't god only can tell, but it _maun_ bemisery!"
words failed her.
she rose, and left the room, with her apron to hereyes.
the laird stood a moment or two like one lost, then went hurriedly intohis "closet," and shut the door.
whether he went on his knees to god asdid dawtie to him, or began again to gloat over his cellini goblet, i donot know.
dawtie cried herself to sleep, and came down in the morning very pale.
her duty had left her exhausted, and with a kind of nausea toward allthe ornaments and books in the house.
a cock crew loud under the windowof the kitchen.
she dropped on her knees, said "father of lights!"
not aword beside, rose and began to rouse the fire.
when breakfast-time came, and the laird appeared, he looked much asusual, only a little weary, which his daughter set down to his journeythe day before.
he revived, however, as soon as he had succeeded insatisfying himself that alexa knew nothing of what had passed.
howstaid, discreet, and compact of common sense alexa seemed to him besidedawtie, whose want of education left her mind a waste swamp for thevagaries of whatever will-o'-the-wisp an overstrained religious fantasymight generate!
but however much the laird might look the same asbefore, he could never, knowing that dawtie knew what she knew, be againas he had been.
"you'll do a few of the books to-day, won't you, dawtie," he said, "whenyou have time?
i never thought i should trust any one!
i would soonerhave old meg shave me than let her dust an elzevir!
dawtie was glad that at least he left the door open between them.
shesaid she would do a little dusting in the afternoon, and would be verycareful.
then the laird rose and went out, and dawtie perceived, with ashoot of compassion mingled with mild remorse, that he had left hisbreakfast almost untasted.
but after that, so far from ever beginning any sort of conversation withher, he seemed uncomfortable the moment they happened to be alonetogether.
if he caught her eye, he would say--hurriedly, and as ifacknowledging a secret between them, "by and by, dawtie;" or, "i'mthinking about the business, dawtie;" or, "i'm making up my mind,dawtie!"
and so leave her.
on one occasion he said, "perhaps you will besurprised some day, dawtie!"
on her part dawtie never felt that she had anything more to say to him.
she feared at times that she had done him evil rather than good bypressing upon him a duty she had not persuaded him to perform.
she spokeof this fear to andrew, but he answered decisively:"if you believed you ought to speak to him, and have discovered inyourself no wrong motive, you must not trouble yourself about theresult.
that may be a thousand years off yet.
you may have sent him intoa hotter purgatory, and at the same time made it shorter for him.
weknow nothing but that god is righteous."
dawtie was comforted, and things went on as before.
where people knowtheir work and do it, life has few blank spaces for ennui, and they areseldom to be pitied.
where people have not yet found their work, theymay be more to be pitied than those that beg their bread.
when a manknows his work and will not do it, pity him more than one who is to behanged to-morrow.
andrew had occasion to call on the laird to pay his father's rent, andalexa, who had not seen him for some time, thought him improved both incarriage and speech, and wondered.
she did not take into account hisintercourse with god, as with highest human minds, and his constantwakefulness to carry into action what things he learned.
thus trained innoblest fashions of freedom, it was small wonder that his bearing andmanners, the natural outcome and expression of his habits of being,should grow in liberty.
there was in them the change only ofdevelopment.
by the side of such education as this, dealing with realityand inborn dignity, what mattered any amount of ignorance as to socialcustom!
society may judge its own; this man was not of it, and as muchsurpassed its most accomplished pupils in all the essentials ofbreeding, as the apostle paul was a better gentleman than mr. nash ormr. brummel.
the training may be slow, but it is perfect.
to him who hasyielded self, all things are possible.
andrew was aware of nodifference.
he seemed to himself the same as when a boy.
alexa had not again alluded to his brother's letter concerning georgecrawford, fearing he might say what she would find unpleasant.
but nowshe wanted to get a definite opinion from him in regard to certain modesof money-making, which had naturally of late occupied a good deal of herthought.
"what is your notion concerning money-lending--i mean at interest, mr.
"i hear it is objected to nowadays by some that setup for teachers!"
"it is by no means the first time in the world's history," answeredandrew.
"i want to know what you think of it, mr.
"i know little," replied andrew, "of any matter with which i have nothad to deal practically."
"but ought not one to have his ideas ready for the time when we willhave to deal practically?"
"mine would be pretty sure to be wrong," answered andrew; "and there isno time to spend in gathering wrong ideas and then changing them!"
"on the contrary, they would be less warped by personal interest."
"could circumstances arise in which it would not be my first interest tobe honest?"
"would not my judgment be quickened by thecompulsion and the danger?
in no danger myself, might i not judge tooleniently of things from which i should myself recoil?
selfishlysmoother with regard to others, because less anxious about their honestythan my own, might i not yield them what, were i in the case, i shouldsee at once i dared not allow to myself?
i can perceive no use in makingup my mind how to act in circumstances in which i am not--probably willnever be.
i have enough to occupy me where i find myself, and shouldcertainly be oftener in doubt how to act, if i had bothered my brainshow to think in circumstances foreign to me.
in such thinking, duty isof necessity a comparatively feeble factor, being only duty imagined,not live duty, and the result is the more questionable.
the lordinstructed his apostles not to be anxious what they should say when theywere brought before rulers and kings: i will leave the question of dutyalone until action is demanded of me.
in the meantime i will do the dutynow required of me, which is the only preparation for the duty that isto come."
although alexa had not begun to understand andrew, she had sense enoughand righteousness enough to feel that he was somehow ahead of her, andthat it was not likely he and george crawford would be of one mind inthe matter that occupied her, so different were their ways of looking atthings--so different indeed the things themselves they thought worthlooking at.
she was silent for a moment, then said:"you can at least tell me what you think of gambling!"
"i think it is the meanest mode of gaining or losing money a man couldfind."
"why do you think so?"
"because he desires only to gain, and can gain only by his neighbor'sloss.
one of the two must be the worse for his transaction with theother.
each _must_ wish ill to his neighbor!"
"but the risk was agreed upon between them."
"true--but in what hope?
was it not, on the part of each, that he wouldbe the gainer and the other the loser?
there is no common cause, nothingbut pure opposition of interest."
"are there not many things in which one must gain and the other lose?"
"there are many things in which one gains and the other loses; but if itis essential to any transaction that only one side shall gain, the thingis not of god."
"what do you think of trading in stocks?"
"i do not know enough about it to have a right to speak."
"you can give your impression!"
"i will not give what i do not value."
"suppose, then, you heard of a man who had made his money so, how wouldyou behave to him?"
"i would not seek his acquaintance."
"if he sought yours?"
"it would be time to ask how he had made his money.
then it would be mybusiness."
"what would make it your business?"
"that he sought my acquaintance.
it would then be necessary to knowsomething about him, and the readiest question would be--how he had madehis money!"
alexa was silent for some time.
"do you think god cares about everything?"
she said at length.
"everything," answered andrew, and she said no more.
andrew avoided the discussion of moral questions.
he regarded the thingas _vermiculate_, and ready to corrupt the obedience.
"when you have athing to do," he would say, "you will do it right in proportion to yourlove of right.
but do the right, and you will love the right; for bydoing it you will see it in a measure as it is, and no one can see thetruth as it is without loving it.
the more you _talk_ about what isright, or even about the doing of it, the more you are in danger ofexemplifying how loosely theory may be allied to practice.
talk withoutaction saps the very will.
something you have to do is waiting undoneall the time, and getting more and more undone.
the only refuge is _todo_."
to know the thing he ought to do was a matter of import, to do thething he knew he ought to do was a matter of life and death to andrew.
he never allowed even a cognate question to force itself upon him untilhe had attended to the thing that demanded doing: it was merest commonsense!
alexa had in a manner got over her uneasiness at the report of howgeorge was making his money, and their correspondence was notinterrupted.
but something, perhaps a movement from the world of spiritcoming like the wind, had given her one of those motions to betterment,which, however occasioned, are the throb of the divine pulse in ourlife, the call of the father, the pull of home, and the guide thither tosuch as will obey them.
she had in consequence again become doubtfulabout crawford, and as to whether she was right in corresponding withhim.
this led to her talk with andrew, which, while it made her thinkless of his intellect, influenced her in a way she neither understoodnor even recognized.
there are two ways in which one nature mayinfluence another for betterment--the one by strengthening the will, theother by heightening the ideal.
andrew, without even her suspicion ofthe fact, wrought in the latter way upon alexa.
she grew more uneasy.
george was coming home: how was she to receive him?
nowise bound, theywere on terms of intimacy: was she to encourage the procession of thatintimacy, or to ward attempt at nearer approach?
george returned, and made an early appearance at potlurg.
dawtie met himin the court.
she did not know him, but involuntarily shrunk from him.
there was a natural repugnance between them; the one wassimple, the other double; the one was pure, the other selfish; the oneloved her neighbor, the other preyed upon his.
george was a little louder, and his manners were more studied.
alexafelt him overblown.
he was floridly at his ease.
what little"atmosphere" there had been about him was gone, and its place taken by acolored fog.
his dress was unobjectionable, and yet attracted notice;perhaps it was only too considered.
alexa was disappointed, and a littlerelieved.
he looked older, yet not more manly--and rather fat.
he hadmore of the confidence women dislike to see a man without, than wasquite pleasant even to the confident alexa.
his speech was not a littleinfected with the nasality--as easy to catch as hard to get ridof--which i presume the puritans carried from england to america.
on thewhole, george was less interesting than alexa had expected.
he came to her as if he would embrace her, but an instinctive movementon her part sufficed to check him.
she threw an additional heartinessinto her welcome, and kept him at arm's-length.
she felt as if she hadlost an old friend, and not gained a new one.
he made himself veryagreeable, but that he made himself so, made him less so.
there was more than these changes at work in her; there was still theunderlying doubt concerning him.
although not yet a live soul, she hadstrong if vague ideas about right and wrong; and although she soughtmany things a good deal more than righteousness, i do not see whattemptation would at once have turned her from its known paths.
at thesame time i do not see what she had yet, more than hundreds of thousandsof well-meaning women, to secure her from slow decay and final ruin.
they laughed and talked together very _like_ the way they used, but"every like is not the same," and they knew there was a difference.
george was stung by the sense of it--too much to show that he was vexed.
he laid himself out to be the more pleasing, as if determined to makeher feel what he was worth--as the man, namely, whom he imaginedhimself, and valued himself on being.
it is an argument for god, to see what fools those make of themselveswho, believing there is a god, do not believe _in_ him--children who donot know the father.
such make up the mass of church and chapel goers.
let an earthquake or the small-pox break loose among them, and they willshow what sort their religion is.
george had got rid of the folly ofbelieving in the existence of a god, either interested in human affairsor careless of them, and naturally found himself more comfortable inconsequence; for he never had believed _in_ god, and it is awkward tobelieve and not believe at the same moment.
what he had called his_beliefs_ were as worthy of the name as those of most people, butwhether he was better or worse without them hardly interests me, and myphilanthropy will scarce serve to make me glad that he was morecomfortable.
as they talked, old times came up, and they drew a little nearer, untilat last a gentle spring of rose-colored interest began a feeble flow inalexa's mind.
when george took his leave, which he did soon, with thewisdom of one who feared to bore, she went with him to the court, wherethe gardener was holding his horse.
beside them stood andrew, talking tothe old man, and admiring the beautiful animal in his charge.
"the life of the creator has run free through every channel up to thiscreature!"
he was saying as they came near.
said george to himself, but to alexa he said: "here's my oldfriend, the farmer, i declare!"
then to andrew: "how do you do, mr.
george never forgot a man's name, and went in consequence for a betterfellow than he was.
one may remember for reasons that have little to dowith good-fellowship.
he spoke as if they were old friends.
"you seem tolike the look of the beast!"
he said: "you ought to know what's what inhorses!"
"he is one of the finest horses i ever saw," answered andrew.
"the manwho owns him is fortunate."
"he ought to be a good one!"
"i gave a hundred and fiftyguineas for him yesterday."
andrew could not help vaguely reflecting what kind of money had boughthim, if sandy was right.
alexa was pleased to see andrew.
he made her feel more comfortable.
hispresence seemed to protect her a little.
"may i ask you, mr. ingram," she said, "to repeat what you were sayingabout the horse as we came up?"
"i was saying," answered andrew, "that, to any one who understands ahorse it is clear that the power of god must have flowed unobstructedthrough many generations to fashion such a perfection."
you indorse the development theory--do you?"
"i shouldhardly have expected that of you."
"i do not think it has anything to do with what i said; no one disputesthat this horse comes of many generations of horses.
the developmenttheory, if i understand aright, concerns itself with how his firstancestor in his own kind came to be a horse."
"and about that there can be no doubt in the mind of any one whobelieves in the bible!"
"god makes beautiful horses," returned andrew; "whether he takes the oneway or the other to make them, i am sure he takes the right way."
"you imply it is of little consequence what you believe about it."
"if i had to make them it would be of consequence.
but what i think ofconsequence to us is--that he makes them, not out of nothing, but out ofhimself.
why should my poor notion of god's _how_ be of importance, solong as, when i see a horse like yours, mr. crawford, i say, god bepraised?
it is of eternal importance to love the animal, and see in himthe beauty of the lord; it is of none to fancy i know which way god tookto make him.
not having in me the power or the stuff to make a horse, ican not know how god made the horse; i can know him to be beautiful""but," said george, "the first horse was a very common-looking domesticanimal, which they kept to eat--nothing like this one."
"then you think god made the first horse, and after that the horses madethemselves," said andrew.
alexa laughed; george said nothing; andrew went on.
"but," he said, "if we have come up from the lower animals, through amillion of kinds, perhaps--against which theory i have nothing tourge--then i am more than prepared to believe that the man who does notdo the part of a man will have to go down again, through all the stagesof his being, to a position beyond the lowest forms of the powers he hasmisused, and there begin to rise once more, haunted perhaps with dimhints of the world of humanity left so far above him."
what's the use of bothering!
cried george, with rudejollity.
"you know as well as i do, mr. ingram, it's all bosh!
thingswill go on as they're doing, and as they have been doing, till now fromall eternity--so far as we know, and that's enough for us."
"they willnot go on so for long in our sight, mr. crawford.
the worms will have aword to say with us."
alexa turned away.
"you've not given up preaching and taken to the practical yet, mr.ingram, i see," said george.
"i flatter myself i have not ceased to be practical, mr. crawford.
youare busy with what you see, and i am busy as well with what i don't see;but all the time i believe my farm is in as good a state as your books."
george gave a start, and stole a look at the young farmer, but wassatisfied he "meant nothing."
the self-seeker will walk into the veryabyss protesting himself a practical man, and counting him unpracticalwho will not with him "jump the life to come."
himself, he neithermeasures the width nor questions his muscle.
andrew, with all his hard work, harder since sandy went, continued ableto write, for he neither sought company nor drank strong drink, and wasthe sport of no passion.
from threatened inroad he appealed to him whocreated to lift his child above the torrent, and make impulse the slaveof conscience and manhood.
there were no demons riding the whirlwinds ofhis soul.
it is not wonderful then that he should be able to write abook, or that the book should be of genuine and original worth.
it hadthe fortune to be "favorably" reviewed, scarce one of those who reviewedit understanding it, while all of them seemed to themselves tounderstand it perfectly.
i mention the thing because, had the book notbeen thus reviewed, alexa would not have bought a copy, or been able toadmire it.
the review she read was in a paper whose editor would not have admittedit had he suspected the drift which the reviewer had failed to see; andthe passages quoted appealed to alexa in virtue, partly, of her notseeing half they involved, or anything whatever of the said drift.
butbecause he had got a book published, and because she approved of certainlines, phrases and passages in it; but chiefly because it had beenpraised by more than one influential paper, andrew rose immensely inalexa's opinion.
although he was the son of a tenant, was even a laboreron his farm, and had covered a birth no higher than that of jesus christwith the gown of no university, she began, against her own sense of whatwas fit, to look up to the plow-man.
the plow-man was not aware of this,and would have been careless had he been.
he respected his landlord'sdaughter, not ever questioned her superiority as a lady where he made noclaim to being a gentleman, but he recognized in her no power either tohelp or to hurt.
when they next met, alexa was no longer indifferent to his presence, andeven made a movement in the direction of being agreeable to him.
shedropped in a measure, without knowing she had ever used it, herpatronizing carriage, but had the assurance to compliment him not merelyon the poem he had written, but on the way it had been received; shecould not have credited, had he told her, that he was as indifferent tothe praise or blame of what is called the public, as if that public wereindeed--what it is most like--a boy just learning to read.
yet it is theconsent of such a public that makes the very essence of what is calledfame.
how should a man care for it who knows that he is on his way tojoin his peers, to be a child with the great ones of the earth, thelovers of the truth, the doers of the will.
what to him will be the windof the world he has left behind, a wind that can not arouse the dead,that can only blow about the grave-clothes of the dead as they burytheir dead.
"live, dawtie," said andrew to the girl, "and ane day ye'll hae yerhert's desire; for 'blessed are they that hunger and thirst afterrighteousness.'"
andrew was neither annoyed nor gratified with the compliments alexa paidhim, for she did not know the informing power of the book--what he caredfor in it--the thing that made him write it.
but her gentleness andkindness did please him; he was glad to feel a little at home with her,glad to draw a little nearer to one who had never been other than goodto him.
and then was she not more than kind, even loving to dawtie?
"so, andrew, you are a poet at last," she said, holding out her hand tohim, which andrew received in a palm that wrote the better verse that itwas horny.
"please to remember i was the first that found you out!"
"i think it was my mother," answered andrew.
"and i would have helped you if you would have let me."
"it is not well, ma'am, to push the bird off because he can't sit safeon the edge of the nest."
"perhaps you are right a failure then would have stood in the way ofyour coming fame."
"oh, for that, ma'am, believe me, i do not care a short straw."
"what do you not care for?"
"that is wrong, andrew.
we ought to care what our neighbors think ofus."
"my neighbors did not set me to do the work, and i did not seek theirpraise in doing it.
their friendship i prize dearly--more than tonguecan tell."
"you can not surely be so conceited, andrew, as to think nobody capableof judging your work."
"far from it, ma'am.
but you were speaking of fame, and that does notcome from any wise judgment."
"then what do you write for, if you care nothing for fame?
i thoughtthat was what all poets wrote for."
"so the world thinks; and those that do sometimes have their reward."
"tell me then what you write for?"
"i write because i want to tell something that makes me glad and strong.
i want to say it, and so try to say it.
things come to me in gleams andflashes, sometimes in words themselves, and i want to weave them into amelodious, harmonious whole.
i was once at an oratorio, and that taughtme the shape of a poem.
in a pause of the music, i seemed all at once tosee handel's heavy countenance looking out of his great wig, as he satputting together his notes, ordering about in his mind, and fixing intheir places with his pen, his drums, and pipes, and fiddles, androaring bass, and flageolets, and hautboys--all to open the door for thething that was plaguing him with the confusion of its beauty.
for isuppose even handel did not hear it all clear and plain at first, buthad to build his orchestra into a mental organ for his mind to letitself out by, through the many music holes, lest it should burst withits repressed harmonic delights.
he must have felt an agonized need toset the haunting angels of sound in obedient order and range, responsiveto the soul of the thing, its one ruling idea!
i saw him with his whiterapt face, looking like a prophet of the living god sent to speak out ofthe heart of the mystery of truth!
i saw him as he sat staring at thepaper before him, scratched all over as with the fury of a holy anger athis own impotence, and his soul communed with heavenliest harmonies!
ma'am, will any man persuade me that handel at such a moment was athirstfor fame?
or that the desire to please a house full or world full ofsuch as heard his oratorios, gave him the power to write his music?
he was filled, not with the longing for sympathy, and not evenwith the good desire to give delight, but with the music itself.
it wascrying in him to get out, and he heard it crying, and could not resttill he had let it out; and every note that dropped from his pen was achip struck from the granite wall between the song-birds in theirprison-nest, and the air of their liberty.
creation is god'sself-wrought freedom.
no, ma'am, i do not despise my fellows, butneither do i prize the judgment of more than a few of them.
i prize andlove themselves, but not their opinion."
alexa was silent, and andrew took his leave.
she sat still for awhilethinking.
if she did not understand, at least she remembered andrew'sface as he talked: could presumption make his face shine so?
couldpresumption make him so forget himself?
things went swimmingly with george.
he had weathered a crisis, and wasnow full of confidence, as well as the show of it.
that he held himselfa man who could do what he pleased, was plain to every one.
hisprosperity leaned upon that of certain princes of the power of money inamerica: gleaning after them he found his fortune.
but he did not find much increase of favor with alexa.
her spiritualtastes were growing more refined.
there was something about the man, andthat not new, which she could no longer contemplate withoutdissatisfaction.
it cost her tears at night to think that, although herlover had degenerated, he had remained true to her, for she saw plainlythat it was only lack of encouragement that prevented him from askingher to be his wife.
she must _appear_ changeable, but this was not theman she had been ready to love!
the plant had put forth a flower thatwas not in sequence with the leaf.
the cause of his appearing differentmight lie in herself, but in any case he was not the gentleman she hadthought!
had she loved him, she would have stood by him bravely, but nowshe could not help recalling the disgrace of the father, and shrunk fromsharing it with the son.
would it be any wonder if the son himselfproved less than honorable?
she would have broken with him quite but forone thing: he had become intimate with her father, and the laird enjoyedhis company.
george had a large straggling acquaintance with things, and couldreadily appear to know more than he did.
he was, besides, that mostagreeable person to a man with a hobby, a good listener--when he sawreason.
he made himself so pleasant that the laird was not only alwaysglad to see him, but would often ask him to stay to supper, when hewould fish up from the wine-cellar he had inherited a bottle with ahistory and a character, and the two would pass the evening together,alexa trying not to wish him away, for was not her poor old father happywith him!
though without much pleasure of his own in such things,george, moved by the reflection of the laird's interest, even began to_collect_ a little, mainly in the hope of picking up what might gratifythe laird; nor, if he came upon a thing he _must_ covet, would hesitateto spend on it a good sum.
naturally the old man grew to regard him as ason of the best sort, one who would do anything to please his father andindulge his tastes.
it may seem surprising that such a man as george should have remained sotrue; but he had a bull-dog tenacity of purpose, as indeed hismoney-making indicated.
then there was good in him to the measure ofadmiring a woman like alexa, though not of admiring a far better.
he sawhimself in danger of losing her; concluded influences at work to thefrustration of his own; surmised that she doubted the character of hisbusiness; feared the clownish farmer-poet might have dazzled with hisnew reputation her womanly judgment; and felt himself called upon tomake good his position against any and every prejudice she might haveconceived against him!
he would yield nothing!
if he was foiled he wasfoiled, but it should not be his fault!
his own phrase was, that hewould not throw up the sponge so long as he could come up grinning.
hehad occasional twinges of discomfort, for his conscience, althoughseared indeed, was not seared as with the hottest iron, seeing he hadnever looked straight at any truth: it would ease those twinges, hevaguely imagined, so to satisfy a good woman like alexa, that she madecommon cause with him, accepting not merely himself, but the money ofwhich he had at such times a slight loathing.
then alexa washandsome--he thought her _very_ handsome, and, true to mammon, he wouldgladly be true also to something better.
there _might be_ another camp,and it would be well to have friends in that too!
so unlike andrew, how could he but dislike him!
and his dislike jealousyfostered into hatred.
cowed before him, like macbeth before banquo,because he was an honest man, how could he but hate him!
he called him,and thought him a canting, sneaking fellow--which he was, if cantingconsist in giving god his own, and sneaking consist in fearing noman--in fearing nothing, indeed, but doing wrong.
how could georgeconsent even to the far-off existence of such a man!
the laird also had taken a dislike to him.
from the night when dawtie made her appeal, he had not known an hour'speace.
it was not that it had waked his conscience, though it had madeit sleep a little less soundly; it was only that he feared she mighttake further action in regard to the cup.
she seemed to him to be takingpart with the owner of the cup against him; he could not see that shewas taking part with himself against the devil; that it was not the cupshe was anxious about, but the life of her master.
what if she shouldacquaint the earl's lawyer with all she knew!
he would be dragged intopublic daylight!
he could not pretend ignorance concerning the identityof the chalice!
that would be to be no antiquarian, while dawtie wouldbear witness that he had in his possession a book telling all about it!
but the girl would never of herself have turned against him!
it was allthat fellow ingram, with his overstrained and absurd notions as to whatgod required of his poor sinful creatures!
he did not believe in theatonement!
he did not believe that christ had given satisfaction to thefather for our sins!
he demanded in the name of religion more than anyproperly educated and authorized minister would!
and in hismeddlesomeness had worried dawtie into doing as she did!
the girl was agood and modest girl, and would never of herself have so acted!
andrewwas righteous overmuch, therefore eaten up with self-conceit, and thenotion of pleasing god more than other men!
he cherished old grudgesagainst him, and would be delighted to bring his old school-master toshame!
he was not a bad boy at school; he had always liked him; thechange in him witnessed to the peril of extremes!
here they had led tospiritual pride, which was the worst of all the sins!
the favorite ofheaven could have no respect for the opinion of his betters!
the man wasbent on returning evil for all the good he had done the boy!
it was ahappy thing young crawford understood him!
he would be his friend, anddefeat the machinations of his enemy!
if only the fellow's lease wereout, that he might get rid of him!
moved by george's sympathy with his tastes, he drew nearer and nearer todisclosing the possession which was the pride of his life.
theenjoyment, of connoisseur or collector rests much on the glory ofpossession--of having what another has not, or, better still, what noother can possibly have.
from what he had long ago seen on the night of the storm, and now fromthe way the old man hinted, and talked, and broke off; also from theuneasiness he sometimes manifested, george had guessed that there wassomething over whose possession he gloated, but for whose presence amonghis treasures he could not comfortably account he therefore set himself,without asking a single question, to make the laird unbosom.
a hold onthe father would be a hold on the daughter!
one day, in a pawnbroker's shop, he lighted upon a rarity indeed, whichmight or might not have a history attributed to it, but was in itselfmore than interesting for the beauty of both material and workmanship.
the sum asked for it was large, but with the chance of pleasing thelaird, it seemed to george but a trifle.
it was also, he judged, ofintrinsic value to a great part of the price.
had he been then aware ofthe passion of the old man for jewels in especial, he would have beenyet more eager to secure it for him.
it was a watch, not very small, andby no means thin--a repeater, whose bell was dulled by the stones of themine in which it lay buried.
the case was one mass of gems ofconsiderable size, and of every color.
ruby, sapphire, and emerald werejudiciously parted by diamonds of utmost purity, while yellow diamondstook the golden place for which the topaz had not been counted ofsufficient value.
they were all crusted together as close as they couldlie, the setting of them hardly showing.
the face was of fine opals,across which moved the two larger hands radiant with rubies, while thesecond-hand flitted flashing around, covered with tiny diamonds.
thenumerals were in sapphires, within a bordering ring of emeralds andblack pearls.
the jewel was a splendor of color and light.
george, without preface, took it from his pocket, held it a moment inthe sunlight, and handed it to the laird.
he glowered at it.
he saw anangel from heaven in a thing compact of earth-chips!
as near as any_thing_ can be loved of a live soul, the laird loved a fine stone; whatin it he loved most, the color, the light, the shape, the value, themystery, he could not have told!--and here was a jewel of many finestones!
with both hands he pressed it to his bosom.
then he looked at itin the sun, then went into the shadow of the house, for they were in theopen air, and looked at it again.
suddenly he thrust it into his pocket,and hurried, followed by george, to his study.
there he closed theshutters, lighted a lamp, and gazed at the marvel, turning it in alldirections.
at length he laid it on the table, and sunk with a sigh intoa chair.
george understood the sigh, and dug its source deeper bytelling him, as he had heard it, the story of the jewel.
"it may be true," he said as he ended.
"i remember seeing some time agoa description of the toy.
i think i could lay my hand on it!"
"would you mind leaving it with me till you come again?"
he knew he could not buy it: he had not the money; but he would gladlydally with the notion of being its possessor.
to part with it, themoment after having held it in his hand and gloated over it for thefirst time, would be too keen a pain!
it was unreasonable to have topart with it at all!
he _ought_ to be its owner!
who could be such anowner to a thing like that as he!
it was a wrong to him that it was nothis!
next to his cup, it was the most precious thing he had ever wishedto possess!--a thing for a man to take to the grave with him!
was thereno way of carrying _any_ treasure to the other world?
he would have soldof his land to secure the miracle, but, alas, it was all entailed!
for amoment the cellini chalice seemed of less account, and he felt ready tothrow open the window of his treasure-room and pitch everything out.
thedemon of _having_ is as imperious and as capricious as that of drink,and there is no refuge from it but with the father.
"this kind goeth notout by prayer."
the poor slave uttered, not a sigh now, but a groan.
"you'll tell theman," he said, thinking george had borrowed the thing to show him, "thati did not even ask the price: i know i can not buy it!"
"perhaps he would give you credit!"
suggested george, with a smile.
i will have nothing to do with credit!
i should not be able to callit my own!"
--money-honesty was strong in the laird.
"but," he continued,"do try and persuade him to let me have it for a day or two--that i mayget its beauty by heart, and think of it all the days, and dream of itall the nights of my life after!"
"there will be no difficulty about that," answered george.
"the ownerwill be delighted to let you keep it as long as you wish!"
"i would it were so!"
"it is so!"
"you don't mean to say, george, that that queen of jewels is yours, andyou will lend it me?"
"the thing is mine, but i will not lend it--not even to you, sir!"
"i don't wonder!--i don't wonder!
but it is a great disappointment!
iwas beginning to hope i--i--might have the loan of it for a week or twoeven!"
"you should indeed if the thing were mine!"
said george, playing him;"but--""oh, i beg your pardon!
i thought you said it was yours!"
"so it was when i brought it, but it is mine no longer.
it is yours.
ipurchased it for you this morning."
the old man was speechless.
he rose, and seizing george by both hands,stood staring at him.
something very like tears gathered within thereddened rims of his eyes.
he had grown paler and feebler of late, everin vain devising to secure possession of the cup--possession moral aswell as legal.
but this entrancing gift brought with it strength andhope in regard to the chalice!
"to him that hath shall be given!"
quotedthe mammon within him.
he said, with a moan of ecstasy, "you are my good angel!"
andsat down exhausted.
the watch was the key to his "closet," as hepersisted in calling his treasury.
in old times not a few houses in scotland held a certain tiny room,built for the head of the family, to be his closet for prayer: it was, ibelieve, with the notion of such a room in his head, that the laird hadcalled his museum his closet; and he was more right than he meant to be;for in that chamber he did his truest worship--truest as to the love init, falsest as to its object; for there he worshiped the god vilest bredof all the gods, bred namely of man's distrust in the life of theuniverse.
and now here also were two met together to worship; for from this timethe laird, disclosing his secret, made george free of his sanctuary.
george was by this time able to take a genuine interest in thecollection.
but he was much amused, sometimes annoyed, with the behaviorof the laird in his closet: he was more nervous and touchy over histhings than a she-bear over her cubs.
of all dangers to his darlings he thought a woman the worst, and hadtherefore seized with avidity the chance of making that room a hiddenone, the possibility of which he had spied almost the moment he firstentered it.
he became, if possible, fonder of his things than ever, and flatteredhimself he had found in george a fellow-worshiper: george's exaggeratedor pretended appreciation enhanced his sense of their value.
alexa had a strong shaggy pony, which she rode the oftener that georgecame so often; taking care to be well gone before he arrived on hisbeautiful horse.
one lovely summer evening she had been across the moor a long way, andwas returning as the sun went down.
a glory of red molten gold wasshining in her face, so that she could see nothing in front of her, andwas a little startled by a voice greeting her with a respectfulgood-evening.
the same moment she was alongside of the speaker in theblinding veil of the sun.
it was andrew walking home from a village onthe other side of the moor.
she drew rein, and they went together.
"what has come to you, mr.
she said; "i hear you were at churchlast sunday evening!"
"why should i not be, ma'am?"
"for the reason that you are not in the way of going."
"there might be good reason for going once, or for going many times, andyet not for going always!"
"we won't begin with quarreling!
there are things we shall not agreeabout!"
"yes; one or two--for a time, i believe!"
"what did you think of mr. rackstraw's sermon?
i suppose you went tohear _him_.'"
"yes, ma'am--at least partly."
"will you tell me first whether you were satisfied with mr. rackstraw'steaching?
i know you were there."
"i was quite satisfied."
"then i don't see reason for saying anything about it."
"if i am wrong, you ought to try to set me right!"
"the prophet elisha would have done no good by throwing his salt intothe running stream.
he cast it, you will remember, into the spring!"
"i do not understand you."
"there is no use in persuading a person to change an opinion."
"because the man is neither the better nor the worse for it.
if you hadtold me you were distressed to hear a man in authority speak as mr.rackstraw spoke concerning a being you loved, i would have tried tocomfort you by pointing out how false it was.
but if you are content tohear god so represented, why should i seek to convince you of what isvalueless to you?
why offer you to drink what your heart is notthirsting after?
would you love god more because you found he was notwhat you were quite satisfied he should be?"
"do tell me more plainly what you mean?"
"you must excuse me.
i have said all i will.
i can not reason in defenseof god.
it seems blasphemy to argue that his nature is not such as nohonorable man could love in another man."
"but if the bible says so?"
"if the bible said so, the bible would be false.
but the bible does notsay so."
"how is it then that it seems to say so?"
"because you were taught falsely about him before you desired to knowhim."
"but i am capable of judging now!"
andrew was silent.
"am i not?"
"do you desire to know god?"
"i think i do know him."
"and you think those things true?"
"then we are where we were, and i say no more."
"you are not polite."
"i can not help it.
i must let you alone to believe about god what youcan.
you will not be blamed for not believing what you can not."
"do you mean that god never punishes any one for what he can not help?"
"how do you prove that?"
"i will not attempt to prove it.
if you are content to think he does, ifit do not trouble you that your god should be unjust, go on thinking sountil you are made miserable by it, then i will pour out my heart todeliver you."
she was struck, not with any truth in what he said, but with the evidenttruthfulness of the man himself.
right or wrong, there was that abouthim--a certain radiance of conviction--which certainly was not about mr.rackstraw.
"the things that can be shaken," said andrew, as if thinking withhimself, "may last for a time, but they will at length be shaken topieces, that the things which can not be shaken may show what they are.
whatever we call religion will vanish when we see god face to face."
for awhile they went brushing through the heather in silence.
"may i ask you one question, mr.
ask me anything you like."
"and you will answer me?"
"if i am at liberty to answer you i will."
"what do you mean by being at liberty?
are you under any vow?"
"i am under the law of love.
i am bound to do nothing to hurt.
an answerthat would do you no good i will not give."
"how do you know what will or will not do me good?"
"i must use what judgment i have."
"is it true, then, that you believe god gives you whatever you ask?"
"i have never asked anything of him that he did not give me."
"would you mind telling me anything you have asked of him?"
"i have never yet required to ask anything not included in the prayer,'thy will be done.'"
"that will be done without your praying for it."
"pardon me; i do not believe it will be done, to all eternity, withoutmy praying for it.
where first am i accountable that his will should bedone?
is it not in myself?
how is his will to be done in me without mywilling it?
does he not want me to love what he loves?--to be likehimself?--to do his will with the glad effort of my will?--in a word, towill what he wills?
and when i find i can not, what am i to do but prayfor help?
i pray, and he helps me."
"there is nothing strange in that!"
"surely not it seems to me the simplest common sense.
it is my business,the business of every man, that god's will be done by his obedience tothat will, the moment he knows it."
"i fancy you are not so different from other people as you thinkyourself.
but they say you want to die."
"i want nothing but what god wants.
i desire righteousness."
"then you accept the righteousness of christ?"
i long for it."
"you know that it is not what i mean!"
"i seek first the kingdom of god and god's righteousness."
"you avoid my question.
do you accept the righteousness of christinstead of your own?"
"i have no righteousness of my own to put it instead of.
the onlyrighteousness there is is god's, and he will make me righteous likehimself.
he is not content that his one son only should be righteous; hewants all his children to be righteous as he is righteous.
the thing isplain; i will not argue about it."
"you do not believe in the atonement."
"i believe in jesus christ.
he is the atonement.
what strength god hasgiven me i will spend in knowing him and doing what he tells me.
tointerpret his plans before we know himself is to mistake both him andhis plans.
i know this, that he has given his life for what multitudeswho call themselves by his name would not rise from their seats to sharein."
"you think me incapable of understanding the gospel?"
"i think if you did understand the gospel of christ you would beincapable of believing the things about his father that you say you dobelieve.
but i will not say a word more.
when you are able to see thetruth, you will see it; and when you desire the truth you will be able."
alexa touched her pony with her whip.
but by and by she pulled him up,and made him walk till andrew overtook her.
the sun was by this time far out of sight, the glow of the west wasover, and twilight lay upon the world.
its ethereal dimness had sunkinto her soul.
"does the gloaming make you sad, mr.
"it makes me very quiet," he answered--"as if all my people were asleep,and waiting for me."
"do you mean as if they were all dead?
how can you talk of it soquietly?"
"because i do not believe in death."
"what _do_ you mean?"
"i am a christian!"
"i hope you are, mr. ingram, though, to be honest with you, some thingsmake me doubt it perhaps you would say i am not a christian."
"it is enough that god knows whether you are a christian or not.
whyshould i say you are or you are not?"
"but i want to know what you meant when you said you were a christian.
how should that make you indifferent to the death of your friends?
deathis a dreadful thing, look at it how you like."
"the lord says, 'he that liveth and believeth in me shall never die.'
ifmy friends are not dead, but living and waiting for me, why should iwait for them in a fierce, stormy night, or a black frost, instead ofthe calm of such a sleeping day as this--a day with the son hid,shakespeare calls it""how you do mix up things!
shakespeare and jesus christ!"
"god mixed them first, and will mix them a good deal more yet," saidandrew.
but for the smile which would hover like a heavenly psyche about hismouth, his way of answering would sometimes have seemed curt to thosewho did not understand him.
instead of holding aloof in his superiority,however, as some thought he did when he would not answer, or answeredabruptly, andrew's soul would be hovering, watching and hoping for achance of lighting, and giving of the best he had.
he was like a greatbird changing parts with a child--the child afraid of the bird, and thebird enticing the child to be friends.
he had learned that if he pouredout his treasure recklessly it might be received with dishonor, and butchoke the way of the chariot of approaching truth.
"perhaps you will say next there is no such thing as suffering," resumedalexa.
"no; the lord said that in the world his friends should havetribulation."
"what tribulation have you, who are so specially his friend?"
"not much yet it is a little, however, sometimes, to know such strong,and beautiful, and happy-making things, and all the time my people, mybeloved humans, born of my father in heaven, with the same heart for joyand sorrow, will not listen and be comforted, i think that was what madeour lord sorriest of all""mr. ingram, i have no patience with you.
how dare you liken yourtrouble to that of our lord--making yourself equal with him!"
"is it making myself equal with him to say that i understand a littlehow he felt toward his fellow-men?
i am always trying to understand him;would it be a wonder if i did sometimes a little?
how is a man to do ashe did, without understanding him?"
"are you going to work miracles next?"
"jesus was always doing what god wanted him to do.
that was what he camefor, not to work miracles.
he could have worked a great many more if hehad pleased, but he did no more than god wanted of him.
am i not to tryto do the will of god, because he who died that i might, alwayssucceeded however hard it was, and i am always failing and having to tryagain?"
"and you think you will come to it in this life?"
"i never think about that; i only think about doing his will now--notabout doing it then--that is, to-morrow or next day or next world.
iknow only one life--the life that is hid with christ in god; and that isthe life by which i live here and now.
i do not make schemes of life; ilive.
life will teach me god's plans; i will take no trouble about them;i will only obey, and receive the bliss he sends me.
and of all things iwill not make theories of god's plans for other people to accept.
i willonly do my best to destroy such theories as i find coming between somepoor glooming heart, and the sun shining in his strength.
those who lovethe shade of lies, let them walk in it until the shiver of the eternalcold drive them to seek the face of jesus christ.
to appeal to theirintellect would be but to drive them the deeper into the shade tojustify their being in it.
and if by argument you did persuade them outof it, they would but run into a deeper and worse darkness."
"how could that be?"
"they would at once think that, by an intellectual stride they hadadvanced in the spiritual life, whereas they would be neither the betternor the worse.
i know a man, once among the foremost in denouncing theold theology, who is now no better than a swindler."
"you mean--""no one you know, ma'am.
his intellectual freedom seems only to haveserved his spiritual subjugation.
right opinion, except it spring fromobedience to the truth, is but so much rubbish on the golden floor ofthe temple."
the peace of the night and its luminous earnestness were gleaming onandrew's face, and alexa, glancing up as he ceased, felt again theinroad of a sense of something in the man that was not in the other menshe knew--the spiritual shadow of a dweller in regions beyond her ken.
the man was before her, yet out of her sight!
the whole thing was too simple for her, only a child could understand itinstead of listening to the elders and priests to learn how to save hissoul, he cast away all care of himself, left that to god, and gavehimself to do the will of him from whose heart he came, even as theeternal life, the son of god, required of him; in the mighty hope ofbecoming one mind, heart, soul, one eternal being, with him, with thefather, with every good man, with the universe which was hisinheritance--walking in the world as enoch walked with god, held by hishand.
this is what man was and is meant to be, what man must become;thither the wheels of time are roaring; thither work all the silentpotencies of the eternal world; and they that will not awake and arisefrom the dead must be flung from their graves by the throes of ashivering world.
when he had done speaking andrew stood and looked up.
a few stars werelooking down through the limpid air.
alexa rode on.
andrew let her go,and walked after her alone, sure that her mind must one day open to theeternal fact that god is all in all, the perfect friend of his children;yea, that he would cease to be god sooner than fail his child in hisbattle with death.
alexa kept hoping that george would be satisfied she was not inclinedtoward him as she had been; and that, instead of bringing the matter toopen issue, he would continue to come and go as the friend of herfather.
but george came to the conclusion that he ought to remain indoubt no longer, and one afternoon followed her into the garden.
she hadgone there with a certain half-scientific, half-religious book in herhand, from which she was storing her mind with arguments against whatshe supposed the opinions of andrew.
she had, however, little hope ofhis condescending to front them with counter-argument.
his voicereturned ever to the ear of her mind in words like these: "if you arecontent to think so, you are in no condition to receive what i have tocommunicate.
why should i press water on a soul that is not thirsty?
letus wait for the drought of the desert, when life is a low fever, and theheart is dry; when the earth is like iron, and the heavens above it areas brass."
she started at the sound of george's voice.
"what lovely weather!"
even lovers betake themselves to the weather as a medium--the side ofnature which all understand.
it was a good, old-fashioned, hot, heavysummer afternoon, one ill-chosen for love-making.
answered alexa, with a point of interrogation subaudible, andheld her book so that be might feel it on the point of being liftedagain to eager eyes.
but he was not more sensitive than sentimental.
"please put your book down for a moment.
i have not of late asked toomuch of your attention, alexa!"
"you have been very kind, george!"
"kind is not asking much of your attention?"
"yea--that, and giving my father so much of yours,""i certainly have seen more of him than of you!"
returned george, hopingher words meant reproach.
"but he has always been kind to me, andpleased to see me!
you have not given me much encouragement!"
to begin love-making with complaint is not wise, and george felt that hehad got into the wrong track; but alexa took care that he should not getout of it easily.
not being simple, he always settled the best course topursue, and often went wrong.
the man who cares only for what is trueand right is saved much thinking and planning.
he generally sees but oneway of doing a thing!
"i am glad to hear you say so, george!
you have not mistaken me!"
"you were not so sharp with me when i went away, alexa!"
"no; then you were going away!"
"should you not show a fellow some kindness when he is come back?"
"not when he does not seem content with having come back!"
"i do not understand!"
but alexa gave no explanation.
"you would be kind to me again if i were going away again?"
"that is, if you were sure i was not coming back."
"i did not _say_ so."
"i can't make it out, alexa!
i used to think there could never be anymisunderstanding between you and me!
but something has crept in betweenus, and for the life of me i do not know what it is!"
"there is one thing for which i am more obliged to you than i can tell,george--that you did not say anything before you went."
"i am awfully sorry for it now; but i thought you understood!"
"i did; and i am very glad, for i should have repented it long ago!"
this was hardly logical, but george seemed to understand.
"you are cruel!"
"i should have made it the business of my lifethat you never did!"
yet george knew of things he dared not tell that had taken place almostas soon as he was relieved from the sustaining and restraining humanpressure in which he had grown up!
"i am certain i should," persisted alexa.
"why are you so certain?"
"because i am so glad now to think i am free."
"some one has been maligning me, alexa!
it is very hard not to knowwhere the stab comes from!"
"the testimony against you is from your own lips, george.
i heard youtalking to my father, and was aware of a tone i did not like.
i listenedmore attentively, and became convinced that your ways of thinking haddeteriorated.
there seemed not a remnant left of the honor i thenthought characterized you!"
"why, certainly, as an honest man, i can not talk religion like yourfriend the farmer!"
"do you mean that andrew ingram is not an honest man?"
rejoined alexa,with some heat.
"i mean that i am an honest man."
"i am doubtful of you."
"i can tell the quarter whence that doubt was blown!"
"it would be of greater consequence to blow it away!
george crawford, doyou believe yourself an honest man?"
"as men go, yes."
"but not as men go, george?
as you would like to appear to the worldwhen hearts are as open as faces?"
he was silent.
"would the way you have made your money stand the scrutiny of--"she had andrew in her mind, and was on the point of saying "_jesuschrist_," but felt she had no right, and hesitated."
--of our friend andrew?"
supplemented george, with a spiteful laugh.
"the only honest mode of making money he knows is the strain of hismuscles--the farmer-way!
he wouldn't keep up his corn for a bettermarket--not he!"
"it so happens that i know he would not; for he and my father had adispute on that very point, and i heard them.
he said poor people werenot to go hungry that he might get rich.
he was not sent into the worldto make money, he said, but to grow corn.
the corn was grown, and hecould get enough for it now to live by, and had no right, and no desireto get more--and would not keep it up!
the land was god's, not his, andthe poor were god's children, and had their rights from him!
he was sentto grow corn for them!"
"and what did your father say to that wisdom?"
"that is no matter.
nor do i profess to understand mr. ingram.
i onlyknow," added alexa, with a little laugh, "that he is consistent, for hehas puzzled me all my life.
i can, however, see a certain nobility inhim that sets him apart from other men!"
"and i can see that when i left i was needlessly modest!
i thought _my_position too humble!"
"what am i to understand by that?"
"what you think i mean."
"i wish you a good-afternoon, mr.
alexa rose and left him.
george had indeed grown coarser!
he turned where he stood with his handsin his pockets, and looked after her; then smiled to himself a nastysmile, and said: "at least i have made her angry, and that's something!
what has a fellow like that to give her?
he'snot even the rustic gentleman!
he's downright vulgar!--a clod-hopperborn and bred!
but the lease, i understand, will soon be out, andpotlurg will never let _him_ have it!
_i_ will see to that!
the lairdhates the canting scoundrel!
i would rather pay him double the rentmyself!"
his behavior now did not put andrew's manners in the shade!
though henever said a word to flatter alexa, spoke often in a way she did not atall like, persistently refused to enter into argument with her when mostshe desired it, yet his every tone, every movement toward her was fullof respect and however she strove against the idea, she felt him hersuperior, and had indeed begun to wish that she had never shown herselfat a disadvantage by the assumption of superiority.
it would be pleasantto know that it pained him to disapprove of her!
for she began to feelthat, as she disapproved of george, and could not like him, so the youngfarmer disapproved of her, and could not like her.
it was a new and byno means agreeable thought.
andrew delighted in beautiful things: he didnot see anything beautiful in her!
alexa was not conceited, but she knewshe was handsome, and knew also that andrew would never feel oneheart-throb more because of any such beauty as hers.
had he not as goodas told her she was one of the dead who would not come alive!
it wouldbe something to be loved by a man like that!
but alexa was too maidenlyto think of making any man love her--and even if he loved her she couldnot marry a man in andrew's position!
she might stretch a point or twowere the lack but a point or two, but there was no stretching points tothe marrying of a peasant, without education, who worked on his father'sfarm!
the thing was ridiculous!--of course she knew that!--the very ideatoo absurd to pass through her idlest thoughts!
but she was not going tomarry george!
that was well settled!
in a year or two he would be quitefat!
and he always had his hands in his pockets!
there was somethingabout him _not_ like a gentleman!
he suggested an auctioneer or acheap-jack!
she took her pony and went for a ride.
when she came back, the ponylooked elf-ridden.
but george had no intention of forsaking the house--yet, at least.
hewas bent on humbling his cousin, therefore continued his relations withher father, while he hurried on, as fast as consisted with good masonry,the building of a house on a small estate he had bought in theneighborhood, intending it to be such as must be an enticement to anylady.
so long had he regarded everything through the veil of money, thathe could not think of alexa even without thinking of mammon as well.
bythis time also he was so much infected with the old man's passion forthings curious and valuable, that the idea of one day calling thelaird's wonderful collection his own, had a real part in his desire tobecome his daughter's husband.
he _would not_ accept her dismissal asfinal!
the laird had been poorly for some weeks, and alexa began to fear thathe was failing.
nothing more had passed between him and dawtie, but heknew that anxious eyes were often watching him, and the thought worriedhim not a little.
if he would but take a start, thought dawtie, and notlose all the good of this life!
it was too late for him to rise veryhigh; he could not now be a saint, but he might at least set a foot onthe eternal stair that leads to the fullness of bliss!
he would have asore fight with all those imps of things, before he ceased to love thatwhich was not lovely, and to covet that which was not good!
but the mangained a precious benefit from this world, who but began to repentbefore he left it!
if only the laird would start up the hill before hisbody got quite to the bottom!
was there any way to approach him againwith her petition that he would be good to himself, good to god, good tothe universe, that he would love what was worth loving, and cast awaywhat was not?
she had no light, and could do nothing!
suddenly the old man failed quite--apparently from no cause butweakness.
the unease of his mind, the haunting of the dread thought ofhaving to part with the chalice, had induced it.
he was in his closetone night late into the morning, and the next day did not get up tobreakfast he wanted a little rest, he said.
in a day he would be well!
but the hour to rise again, much anticipated, never came.
he seemed verytroubled at times, and very desirous of getting up, but never was able.
it became necessary to sit with him at night.
in fits of delirium hewould make fierce endeavor to rise, insisting that he must go to hisstudy.
his closet he never mentioned: even in dreams was his secrecydominant.
dawtie, who had her share in nursing him, kept hoping heropportunity would come.
he did not seem to cherish any resentmentagainst her.
his illness would protect him, he thought, from furtherintrusion of her conscience upon his!
she must know better than irritatea sick man with overofficiousness!
everybody could not be a saint!
itwas enough to be a christian like other good and salvable christians!
itwas enough for him if through the merits of his saviour he gainedadmission to the heavenly kingdom at last!
he never thought now, oncein, he could bear to stay in; never thought how heaven could be to himother than the dullest place in the universe of god, more wearisome thanthe kingdom of darkness itself!
and all the time the young woman withthe savior-heart was watching by his bedside, ready to speak; but thespirit gave her no utterance, and her silence soothed his fear of her.
one night he was more restless than usual.
waking from his troubledslumber, he called her--in the tone of one who had something importantto communicate.
"dawtie," he said, with feeble voice but glittering eye, "there is noone i can trust like you.
i have been thinking of what you said thatnight ever since.
go to my closet and bring me the cup."
dawtie held a moment's debate whether it would be right; but shereflected that it made little difference whether the object of hispassion was in his hand or in his chest, while it was all the same deepin his heart.
then his words seemed to imply that he wanted to take hisfarewell of it; and to refuse his request might only fan the evil love,and turn him from the good motion in his mind.
she said: "yes, sir," andstood waiting.
he did not speak.
"i do not know where to find it," she said.
"i am going to tell you," he replied, but seemed to hesitate.
"i will not touch a single thing beside," said dawtie.
he believed her, and at once proceeded:"take my bunch of keys from the hook behind me.
there is the key of thecloset door!--and there, the key of all the bunch that looks thecommonest, but is in reality the most cunningly devised, is the key ofthe cabinet in which i keep it!"
then he told her where, behind a little book-case, which moved from thewall on hinges, she would find the cabinet, and in what part of it thecup, wrapped in a piece of silk that had once been a sleeve, worn by_mme.
de genlis_--which did not make dawtie much wiser.
she went, found the chalice, and brought it where the laird laystraining his ears, and waiting for it as a man at the point of deathmight await the sacramental cup from absolving priest.
his hands trembled as he took it; for they were the hands of alover--strange as that love was, which not merely looked for no return,but desired to give neither pleasure nor good to the thing loved!
it wasno love of the merely dead, but a love of the unliving!
he pressed thething to his bosom; then, as if rebuked by the presence of dawtie, putit a little from him, and began to pore over every stone, every_repoussé_ figure between, and every engraved ornament around the gems,each of which he knew, by shape, order, quality of color, better thanever face of wife or child.
but soon his hands sunk on the counterpaneof silk patchwork, and he lay still, grasping tight the precious thing.
he woke with a start and a cry, to find it safe in both his hands.
he said; "i thought some one had me by the throat!
you didn't tryto take the cup from me--did you, dawtie?"
"no, sir," answered dawtie; "i would not care to take it out of yourhand, but i _should_ be glad to take it out of your heart!"
"if they would only bury it with me!"
he murmured, heedless of herwords.
would you have it burning your heart to all eternity?
give itup, sir, and take the treasure thief never stole."
"yes, dawtie, yes!
that is the true treasure!"
"and to get it we must sell all that we have!"
"he gives and withholds as he sees fit."
"then, when you go down into the blackness, longing for the cup you willnever see more, you will complain of god that he would not give youstrength to fling it from you?"
he hugged the chalice.
"fling it from me!"
he cried, fiercely.
"girl, who are you to torment mebefore my time!"
"tell me, sir," persisted dawtie, "why does the apostle cry, 'awake thouthat sleepest!'
if they couldn't move?"
"no one _can_ move without god."
"therefore, seeing every one can move, it must be god giving him thepower to do what he requires of him; and we are fearfully to blame notusing the strength god gives us!"
"i can not bear the strain of thinking!"
gasped the laird.
"then give up thinking, and do the thing!
shall i take it for you?"
she put out her hand as she spoke.
he cried, grasping the cup tighter.
"you shall not touch it!
you would give it to the earl!
i know you!
saints hate what isbeautiful!"
"i like better to look at things in my father's hand than in my own!"
"you want to see my cup--it _is_ my cup!--in the hands of thatspendthrift fool, lord borland!"
"it is in the father's hand, whoever has it!"
"hold your tongue, dawtie, or i will cry out and wake the house!"
"they will think you out of your mind, and come and take the cup fromyou!
do let me put it away; then you will go to sleep."
"i will not; i can not trust you with it!
you have destroyed myconfidence in you!
i _may_ fall asleep, but if your hand come within afoot of the cup, it will wake me!
i know it will!
i shall sleep with myheart in the cup, and the least touch will wake me!"
"i wish you would let andrew ingram come and see you, sir!"
"what's the matter with _him?_""nothing's the matter with him, sir; but he helps everybody to do whatis right."
do you take me for a maniac that you talk suchfoolery?"
his look was so wild, his old blue faded eyes gleamed with such a lightof mingled fear and determination, that dawtie was almost sorry she hadspoken.
with trembling hands he drew the cup within the bed-clothes, andlay still.
if the morning would but come, and bring george crawford!
_he_ would restore the cup to its place, or hide it where he should knowit safe and not far from him!
dawtie sat motionless, and the old man fell into another feverish doze.
she dared not stir lest he should start away to defend his idol.
she satlike an image, moving only her eyes.
"what are you about, dawtie?"
he said at length.
"you are after somemischief, you are so quiet!"
"i was telling god how good you would be if he could get you to give upyour odds and ends, and take him instead."
"how dared you say such a thing, sitting there by my side!
are _you_ tosay to _him_ that any sinner would be good, if he would only do so andso with him!
tremble, girl, at the vengeance of the almighty!"
"we are told to make prayers and intercessions for all men, and i wassaying what i could for you."
the laird was silent, and the rest of thenight passed quietly.
his first words in the morning were:"go and tell your mistress i want her."
when his daughter came, he told her to send for george crawford.
he wasworse, he said, and wanted to see him.
alexa thought it best to send dawtie with the message by the next train.
dawtie did not relish the mission, for she had no faith in crawford, anddid not like his influence on her master.
not the less when she reachedhis hotel, she insisted on seeing him and giving her message in person;which done, she made haste for the first train back: they could not dowell without her!
when she arrived, there was mr. crawford already onthe platform!
she set out as fast as she could, but she had not gotfurther than half-way when he overtook her in a fly, and insisted sheshould get in.
"what is the matter with your master?"
"god knows, sir."
"what is the use of telling me that?
i want you to tell me what _you_know."
"i don't know anything, sir."
"what do you think then?"
"i should think old age had something to do with it, sir."
"likely enough, but you know more than that!"
"i shouldn't wonder, sir, if he were troubled in his mind."
"what makes you think so?"
"it is reasonable to think so, sir.
he knows he must die before long,and it is dreadful to leave everything you care for, and go where thereis nothing you care for!"
"how do you know there is nothing he would care for?"
"what is there, sir, he would be likely to care for?"
"there is his wife.
he was fond of her, i suppose, and you pious peoplefancy you will see each other again."
"the thought of seeing her would give him little comfort, i am afraid,in parting with the things he has here.
he believes a little somehow--ican't understand how."
"what does he believe?"
"he believes a little--he is not sure--that what a man soweth he shallalso reap."
"how do you know what he is or is not sure off?
it can't be a matter ofinterest to you?"
"those that come of one father must have interest in one another."
"how am i to tell we come of one father--as you call him?
i like to havea thing proved before i believe it.
i know neither where i came from,nor where i am going; how then can i know that we come from the samefather?"
"i don't know how you're to know it, sir.
i take it for granted, andfind it good.
but there is one thing i am sure of."
"what is that?"
"that if you were my master's friend you would not rest till you got himto do what was right before he died."
"i will not be father-confessor to any man.
i have enough to do withmyself.
a good worthy old man like the laird must know better than anyother what he ought to do."
"there is no doubt of that, sir."
"what do you want then?"
"to get him to do it.
that he knows, is what makes it so miserable.
ifhe did not know he would not be to blame.
he knows what it is and won'tdo it, and that makes him wretched--as it ought, thank god!"
"you're a nice christian.
thanking god for making a man miserable.
"yes," answered dawtie.
george thought a little.
"what would you have me persuade him to?"
he asked, for he might hearsomething it would be useful to know.
but dawtie had no right and noinclination to tell him what she knew.
"i only wish you would persuade him to do what he knows he ought to do,"she replied.
george stayed with the laird a good while, and held a long, broken talkwith him.
when he went alexa came.
she thought her father seemedhappier.
george had put the cup away for him.
alexa sat with him thatnight.
she knew nothing of such a precious thing being in the house--inthe room with them.
in the middle of the night, as she was arranging his pillows, the lairddrew from under the bed-clothes, and held up to her, flashing in thelight of the one candle, the jeweled watch.
the old man waspleased at her surprise and evident admiration.
she held out her handfor it.
he gave it her.
"that watch," he said, "is believed to have belonged to ninon del'enclos.
it _may_, but i doubt it myself.
it is well known she nevertook presents from her admirers, and she was too poor to have boughtsuch a thing.
de maintenon, however, or some one of herlady-friends, might have given it her.
it will be yours one day--thatis, if you marry the man i should like you to marry."
"dear father, do not talk of marrying.
i have enough with you," criedalexa, and felt as if she hated george.
"unfortunately, you can not have me always," returned her father.
"iwill say nothing more now, but i desire you to consider what i havesaid."
alexa put the watch in his hand.
"i trust you do not suppose," she said, "that a house full of thingslike that would make any difference."
he looked up at her sharply.
a house full--what did she know?
itsilenced him, and he lay thinking.
surely the delight of lovely thingsmust be in every woman's heart.
was not the passion, developed orundeveloped, universal?
could a child of his _not_ care for such things?
"ah," he said to himself, "she takes after her mother."
a wall seemed to rise between him and his daughter.
thethings he loved and must one day yield would not be cherished by her.
notender regard would hover around them when he was gone.
she would be noprotecting divinity to them.
god in heaven!
she might--she would--he wassure she would sell them.
it seems the sole possible comfort of avarice, as it passes empty andhungry into the empty regions--that the things it can no more see witheyes or handle with hands will yet be together somewhere.
hence the richleave to the rich, avoiding the man who most needs, or would best usetheir money.
is there a lurking notion in the man of much goods, iwonder, that, in the still watches of the night, when men sleep, he willreturn to look on what he leaves behind him?
does he forget the tortureof seeing it at the command, in the enjoyment of another--his willconcerning this thing or that but a mockery?
does he know that he whothen holds them will not be able to conceive of their having been orever being another's as now they are his?
as alexa sat in the dim light by her brooding father she loathed theshining thing he had again drawn under the bed-clothes--shrunk from itas from a manacle the devil had tried to slip on her wrist.
the judicialassumption of society suddenly appeared in the emptiness of itsarrogance.
marriage for the sake of _things_.
was she not a live soul,made for better than that she was ashamed of the innocent pleasure theglittering toy had given her.
the laird cast now and then a glance at her face, and sighed.
hegathered from it the conviction that she would be a cruel step-mother tohis children, her mercy that of a loveless non-collector.
it should notbe.
he would do better for them than that.
he loved his daughter, butneeded not therefore sacrifice his last hopes where the sacrifice wouldmeet with no acceptance.
house and land should be hers, but not hisjewels; not the contents of his closet.
george came again to see him the next day, and had again a longconference with him.
the laird told him that he had fully resolved toleave everything to his daughter, personal as well as real, on the onecondition that she should marry her cousin; if she would not, then thecontents of his closet, with his library, and certain articlesspecified, should pass to crawford.
"and you must take care," he said, "if my death should come suddenly,that anything valuable in this room be carried into the closet before itis sealed up."
shrinking as he did from the idea of death, the old man was yet able, inthe interest of his possessions, to talk of it!
it was as if he thoughtthe sole consolation that, in the loss of their owner, his things couldhave, was the continuance of their intercourse with each other in theheaven of his mammon-besotted imagination.
george responded heartily, showing a gratitude more genuine than fine:every virtue partakes of the ground in which it is grown.
he assured thelaird that, valuable as was in itself his contingent gift, which no mancould appreciate more than he, it would be far more valuable to him ifit sealed his adoption as his son-in-law.
he would rather owe thepossession of the wonderful collection to the daughter than to thefather!
in either case the precious property would be held as for him,each thing as carefully tended as by the laird's own eye and hand!
whether it would at the moment have comforted the dying man to beassured, as george might have him, that there would be nothing left ofhim to grieve at the loss of his idols--nothing left of him but amemory, to last so long as george and alexa and one or two more shouldremain unburied, i can not tell.
it was in any case a dreary outlook forhim.
hope and faith and almost love had been sucked from his life by"the hindering knot-grass" which had spread its white bloodless roots inall directions through soul and heart and mind, exhausting and chokingin them everything of divinest origin.
the weeds in george's heart wereof another kind, and better nor worse in themselves; the misery was thatneither of them was endeavoring to root them out.
the thief who istrying to be better is ages ahead of the most honorable man who ismaking no such effort.
the one is alive; the other is dead and on theway to corruption.
they treated themselves to a gaze together on the cup and the watch;then george went to give directions to the laird's lawyer for thedrawing up of his new will.
the next day it was brought, read, signed by the laird, and hissignature duly witnessed.
dawtie being on the spot was made one of the witnesses.
the lairdtrembled lest her fanaticism should break out in appeal to the lawyerconcerning the cup; he could not understand that the cup was nothing toher; that she did not imagine herself a setter right of wrongs, but knewherself her neighbor's keeper, one that had to deliver his soul fromdeath!
had the cup come into her possession, she would have sent it backto the owner, but it was not worth her care that the earl of borlandshould cast his eyes when he would upon a jewel in a cabinet!
dawtie was very white as he signed his name.
where the others saw but alegal ceremony, she feared her loved master was assigning his soul tothe devil, as she had read of dr. faustus in the old ballad.
he wasgliding away into the dark, and no one to whom he had done a good turnwith the mammon of unrighteousness, was waiting to receive him into aneverlasting habitation!
she had and she needed no special cause to loveher master, any more than to love the chickens and the calves; she lovedbecause something that could be loved was there present to her; but hehad always spoken kindly to her, and been pleased with her endeavor toserve him; and now he was going where she could do nothing forhim!--except pray, as her heart and andrew had taught her, knowing that"all live unto _him!_" but alas!
what were prayers where the man wouldnot take the things prayed for!
nevertheless all things _were_ possiblewith god, and she _would_ pray for him!
it was also with white face, and it was with trembling hand that shesigned her own name, for she felt as if giving him a push down the icyslope into the abyss.
but when the thing was done, the old man went quietly to sleep, anddreamed of a radiant jewel, glorious as he had never seen jewel, everwithin yet ever eluding his grasp.
the next day he seemed better, and alexa began to hope again.
but in theafternoon his pulse began to sink, and when crawford came he couldwelcome him only with a smile and a vain effort to put out his hand.
george bent down to him.
the others, at a sign from his eyes, left theroom.
"i can't find it, george!"
"i put it away for you last night, you remember!"
"oh, no, you didn't!
i had it in my hand a minute ago!
but i fell into adoze, and it is gone!
george, get it!--get it for me, or i shall gomad!"
george went and brought it him.
now i remember!
i thought i was in hell, and theytook it from me!"
"don't you be afraid, sir!
fall asleep when you feel inclined.
i willkeep my eye on the cup."
"you will not go away?"
"no; i will stay as long as you like; there is nothing to take me away.
if i had thought you would be worse, i would not have gone last night""i'm not worse!
what put that in your head?
don't you hear me speakingbetter?
i've thought about it, george, and am convinced the cup is atalisman!
i am better all the time i hold it!
it was because i let youput it away that i was worse last night--for no other reason.
if it werenot a talisman, how else could it have so nestled itself into my heart!
i feel better, always, the moment i take it in my hand!
there issomething more than common about that chalice!
george, what if it shouldbe the holy grail!"
he said it with bated breath, and a great white awe upon hiscountenance.
his eyes were shining; his breath came and went fast.
slowly his aged cheeks flushed with two bright spots.
he looked as ifthe joy of his life was come.
"what if it should be the holy grail!"
he repeated, and fell asleep withthe words on his lips.
as the evening deepened into night, he woke.
crawford was sitting besidehim.
a change had come over him.
he stared at george as if he could notmake him out, closed his eyes, opened them, stared, and again closedthem.
he seemed to think he was there for no good.
"would you like me to call alexa?"
"call dawtie; call dawtie!"
george rose to go and call her.
"beware of her!"
said the laird, with glazy eyes, "beware of dawtie!"
"beware of her," he repeated.
"if she can get the cup, she will!
shewould take it from me now, if she dared!
she will steal it yet!
calldawtie; call dawtie!"
alexa was in the drawing-room, on the other side of the hall.
georgewent and told her that her father wanted dawtie.
"i will find her," she said, and rose, but turned and asked:"how does he seem now?"
"rather worse," george answered.
"are you going to be with him through the night?"
"i am; he insists on my staying with him," replied george, almostapologetically.
"then," she returned, "you must have some supper.
we will go down, andsend up dawtie."
he followed her to the kitchen.
dawtie was not there, but her mistressfound her.
when she entered her master's room, he lay motionless, "and white withthe whiteness of what is dead."
she got brandy, and made him swallow some.
as soon as he recovered alittle, he began to talk wildly.
he cried, "do not leave me.
i'm not a bad man!
i'm not whatdawtie calls me.
i believe in the atonement; i put no trust in myself;my righteousness is as filthy rags.
take me with you.
i _will_ go withyou.
slip that under your white robe--washed in the blood of thelamb.
that will hide it--with the rest of my sins!
the unbelievinghusband is sanctified by the believing wife.
take it; take it; i shouldbe lost in heaven without it!
i can't see what i've got on, but it mustbe the robe of his righteousness, for i have none of my own!
what shouldi be without it!
it's all i've got!
i couldn't bring away a single thingbesides--and it's so cold to have but one thing on--i mean one thing inyour hands!
do you say they will make me sell it?
that would be worsethan coming without it!"
he was talking to his wife!--persuading her to smuggle the cup intoheaven!
dawtie went on her knees behind the curtain, and began to prayfor him all she could.
but something seemed stopping her, and making herprayer come only from her lips.
"ah," said the voice of her master, "i thought so!
how could i go up,and you praying against me like that!
cup or no cup, the thing wasimpossible!"
dawtie opened her eyes--and there he was, holding back the curtain andlooking round the edge of it with a face of eagerness, effort, and hate,as of one struggling to go, and unable to break away.
she rose to her feet.
"you are a fiend!"
"i _will_ go with agnes!"
he gave a cry,and ceased, and all was still.
they heard the cry in the kitchen, andcame running up.
they found dawtie bending over her master, with a scared face.
he seemedto have struck her, for one cheek was marked with red streaks across itswhiteness.
the holy grail!"
"i found it!
i was bringing ithome!
she took it from me!
she wants it to--"his jaw fell, and he was dead.
alexa threw herself beside the body.
george would have raised her, but she resisted, and lay motionless.
hestood then behind her, watching an opportunity to get the cup from underthe bed-clothes, that he might put it in the closet.
he ordered dawtie to fetch water for her mistress; but alexa told hershe did not want any.
once and again george tried to raise her, and gethis hand under the bed-clothes to feel for the cup.
"he is not dead!"
cried alexa; "he moved!"
"get some brandy," said george.
she rose, and went to the table for the brandy.
george, with thepretense of feeling the dead man's heart, threw back the clothes.
hecould find no cup.
it had got further down!
he would wait!
alexa lifted her father's head on her arm, but it was plain that brandycould not help.
she went and sat on a chair away from the bed, hopelessand exhausted.
george lifted the clothes from the foot of the bed, then from thefurther side, and then from the nearer, without attracting herattention.
the cup was nowhere to be seen!
he put his hand under thebody, but the cup was not there!
he had to leave the room that dawtieand meg might prepare it for burial.
alexa went to her chamber.
a moment after, george returned, called meg to the door, and said:"there must be a brass cup in the bed somewhere!
i brought it to amusehim.
he was fond of odd things, you know!
if you should find it--""i will take care of it," answered meg, and turned from him curtly.
george felt he had not a friend in the house, and that he must leavethings as they were!
the door of the closet was locked, and he could notgo again to the death-chamber to take the laird's keys from the head ofthe bed!
he knew that the two women would not let him.
it had been anoversight not to secure them!
he was glad the watch was safe: that hehad put in the closet before!--but it mattered little when the cup wasmissing!
he went to the stable, got out his horse, and rode home in thestill gray of a midsummer night.
the stillness and the night seemed thinking to each other.
george hadlittle imagination, but what he had woke in him now as he rode slowlyalong.
step by step the old man seemed following him, on silentchurch-yard feet, through the eerie whiteness of the night.
there wasneither cloud nor moon, only stars above and around, and a great coldcrack in the north-east.
he was crying after him, in a voice he couldnot make him hear!
was he not straggling to warn him not to come intolike condemnation?
the voice seemed trying to say, "i know!
i know now!
i would not believe, but i know now!
give back the cup; give it back!"
george did not allow to himself that there was "anything" there.
it wasbut a vague movement in that commonplace, unmysterious region, his mind!
he heard nothing, positively nothing, with his ears--therefore there wasnothing!
it was indeed somehow as if one were saying the words, but inreality they came only as a thought rising, continually rising, in hismind!
it was but a thought-sound, and no speech: "i know now!
give it back; give the cup back!"
he did not ask himself how thethought came; he cast it away as only that insignificant thing, athought--cast it away none the less that he found himself answeringit--"i can't give it back; i can't find it!
where did you put it?
youmust have taken it with you!"
he said to himself ten times, waking up; "of coursedawtie took it!
didn't the poor old fellow warn me to beware of her!
nobody but her was in the room when we ran in, and found him at thepoint of death!
where did you put it?
i can't find it!
i can't give itback!"
he went over in his mind all that had taken place.
the laird had the cupwhen he left him to call dawtie; and when they came, it was nowhere!
hewas convinced the girl had secured it--in obedience, doubtless, to theinstruction of her director, ambitious to do justice, and curry favor byrestoring it!
but he could do nothing till the will was read!
was itpossible lexy had put it away?
no; she had not had the opportunity!
with slow-pacing shadows, the hot hours crept athwart the heath, and thehouse, and the dead, and carried the living with them in their invisiblecurrent.
there is no tide in time; it is a steady current, notreturning.
happy they whom it bears inward to the center of things!
alas, for those whom it carries outward to "the flaming walls ofcreation!"
the poor old laird who, with all his refinement, all hiseducation, all his interest in philology, prosody, history, and_reliquial_ humanity, had become the slave of a goblet, had left itbehind him, had faced the empty universe empty-handed, and vanished witha shadow-goblet in his heart; the eyes that gloated over the gems hadgone to help the grass to grow.
but the will of the dead remained totrouble for a time the living, for it put his daughter in a painfulpredicament: until crawford's property was removed from the house, itwould give him constant opportunity of prosecuting the suit which alezahad reason to think he intended to resume, and the thought of which hadbecome to her insupportable.
great was her astonishment when she learned to what the door in thestudy led, and what a multitude of curious and valuable things werethere of whose presence in the house she had never dreamed.
she wouldgladly have had them for herself; and it pained her to the heart tothink of the disappointment of the poor ghost when he saw, if he couldsee, his treasured hoard emptied out of its hidden and safe abode.
for,even if george should magnanimously protest that he did not care for thethings enough to claim them, and beg that they might remain where theywere, she could not grant his request, for it would be to accept themfrom him.
had her father left them to her, she would have kept them ascarefully as even he could desire--with this difference only, that shewould not have shut them up from giving pleasure to others.
she was growing to care more about the truth--gradually coming to seethat much she had taken for a more liberal creed, was but the samefalsehoods in weaker forms, less repulsive only to a mind indifferent tothe paramount claims of god on his child.
she saw something of thefalseness and folly of attempting to recommend religion as not sodifficult, so exclusive, so full of prohibition as our ancestorsbelieved it.
she saw that, although andrew might regard some things asfreely given which others thought god forbade, yet he insisted on whatwas infinitely higher and more than the abandonment of everythingpleasant--the abnegation, namely, of the very self, and the reception ofgod instead.
she had hitherto been, with all her supposed progress, onlya recipient of the traditions of the elders!
there must be a deepersomething--the real religion!
she did not yet see that the will of godlay in another direction altogether than the heartiest reception ofdogma!--that god was too great and too generous to care about anythingexcept righteousness, and only wanted us to be good children!--that evenhonesty was but the path toward righteousness, a condition so pure thathonesty itself would never more be an object of thought!
she pondered much about her father, and would find herself praying forhim, careless of what she had been taught.
she could not blind herselfto what she knew.
he had not been a bad man, as men count badness, butcould she in common sense think him a glorified saint, shining in whiterobes?
the polite, kind old man!
her own father!--could she, on theother hand, believe him in flames forever?
if so, what a religion wasthat which required her to believe it, and at the same time to rejoicein the lord always!
she longed for something positive to believe, something into accordancewith which she might work her feelings.
she was still on the outlook fordefinite intellectual formulae to hold.
her intercourse with andrew hadas yet failed to open her eyes to the fact that the faith required of usis faith in a person, and not in the truest of statements concerninganything, even concerning him; or to the fact, that faith in the livingone, the very essence of it, consists in obedience to him.
a man canobey before he is sure, and except he obey the command he knows to beright, wherever it may come from, he will never be sure.
to find thetruth, man or woman must be true.
but she much desired another talk with andrew.
persuading himself that alexa's former feeling toward him must in hertrouble reassert itself, and confident that he would find her loath topart with her father's wonderful collection, george waited the effect ofthe will.
after the reading of it he had gone away directly, that hispresence might not add to the irritation which he concluded, not withoutreason, it must, even in the midst of her sorrow, cause in her; but atthe end of a week he wrote, saying that he felt it his duty, if only ingratitude to his friend, to inform himself as to the attention thevaluable things he had left him might require.
he assured alexa that hehad done nothing to influence her father in the matter, and muchregretted the awkward position in which his will had placed both her andhim.
at the same time it was not unnatural that he should wish suchprecious objects to be possessed by one who would care for them as hehad himself cared for them.
he hoped, therefore, that she would allowhim access to her father's rooms.
he would not, she might rest assured,intrude himself upon her sorrow, though he would be compelled to ask herbefore long whether he might hope that her father's wish would have anyinfluence in reviving the favor which had once been the joy of his life.
alexa saw that if she consented to see him he would take it as apermission to press his claim, and the idea was not to be borne.
shewrote him therefore a stiff letter, telling him the house was at hisservice, but he must excuse herself.
the next morning brought him early to potlurg.
the cause of his hastewas his uneasiness about the chalice.
old meg opened the door to him, and he followed her straight into thedrawing-room.
alexa was there, and far from expecting him.
but, annoyedat his appearance as she was, she found his manner and behavior lessunpleasant than at any time since his return.
he was gentle andself-restrained, assuming no familiarity beyond that of a distantrelative, and gave the impression of having come against his will, andonly from a sense of duty.
"did you not have my note?"
he had hoped, he said, to save her the trouble of writing.
she handed him her father's bunch of keys, and left the room.
george went to the laird's closet, and having spent an hour in it, againsought alexa.
the wonderful watch was in his hand.
"i feel the more pleasure, alexa," he said, "in begging you to acceptthis trinket, that it was the last addition to your dear father'scollection.
i had myself the good fortune to please him with it a fewdays before his death."
"no, thank you, george," returned alexa.
"it is a beautiful thing--myfather showed it me--but i can not take it."
"it was more of you than him i thought when i purchased it, alexa.
youknow why i could not offer it you."
"the same reason exists now."
"i am sorry to have to force myself on your attention, but--""dawtie!"
dawtie came running.
"wait a minute, dawtie.
i will speak to you presently," said hermistress.
he had laid the watch on the table, and seemed to haveforgotten it.
"please take the watch with you," said alexa.
"certainly, if you wish it!"
"and my father's keys, too," she added.
"will you not be kind enough to take charge of them?"
"i would rather not be accountable for anything under them.
no; you musttake the keys."
"i can not help regretting," said george, "that your honored fathershould have thought fit to lay this burden of possession upon me."
alexa made no answer.
"i comforted myself with the hope that you would feel them as much yourown as ever!"
he resumed, in a tone of disappointment and dejection.
"i did not know of their existence before i knew they were never to bemine."
george walked to the door, but there turned, and said:"by the way, you know that cup your father was so fond of?"
"not that gold cup, set with stones?"
"i saw something in his hands once, in bed, that might have been a cup."
"it is a thing of great value--of pure gold, and every stone in it agem."
returned alexa, with marked indifference.
"yes; it was the work of the famous benvenuto cellini, made for popeclement the seventh, for his own communion-chalice.
your father pricedit at three thousand pounds.
in his last moments, when his mind waswandering, he fancied it the holy grail he had it in the bed with himwhen he died; that i know."
"and it is missing?"
"perhaps dawtie could tell us what has become of it.
she was with thelaird at the last."
dawtie, who had stood aside to let him pass to the open door, looked upwith a flash in her eyes, but said nothing.
"have you seen the cup, dawtie?"
asked her mistress.
"do you know it?"
"very well, ma'am."
"then you don't know what has become of it?"
"no, ma'am; i know nothing about it."
"take care, dawtie," said george.
"this is a matter that will have to besearched into."
"when did you last see it, dawtie?"
"the very day my master died, ma'am.
he was looking at it, but when hesaw i saw him he took it inside the bed-clothes."
"and you have not seen it since?"
"and you do not know where it is?"
how should i?"
"you never touched it?"
"i can not say that, sir; i brought it him from his closet; he sent mefor it."
"what do you think may have become of it?"
"i don't know, sir."
"would you allow me to make a thorough search in the place where it waslast seen?"
asked george, turning to his cousin.
"by all means.
dawtie, go and help mr. crawford to look."
"please, ma'am, it can't be there.
we've had the carpet up, and thefloor scrubbed.
there's not a hole or a corner we haven't been into--andthat yesterday."
"we must find it," said george.
"it must be in the house."
"it must, sir," said dawtie.
but george more than doubted it"i do believe," he said, "the laird would rather have lost his wholecollection."
"indeed, sir, i think he would."
"then you have talked to him about it?"
"yes, i have, sir," answered dawtie, sorry she had brought out thequestion.
"and you know the worth of the thing?"
"yes, sir; that is, i don't know how much it was worth, but i should saypounds and pounds."
"then, dawtie, i must ask you again, _where is it?_""i know nothing about it, sir.
i wish i did!"
"why do you wish you did?"
"because--" began dawtie, and stopped short; she shrunk from impugningthe honesty of the dead man--and in the presence of his daughter.
"it looks a little fishy, don't it, dawtie?
why not speak straight out?
perhaps you would not mind searching meg's trunk for me.
she may havetaken it for a bit of old brass, you know."
"i will answer for my servants, mr. crawford," said alexa.
"i will nothave old meg's box searched."
"it is desirable to get rid of any suspicion," replied george.
"i have none," returned alexa.
george was silent"i will ask meg, if you like, sir," said dawtie; "but i am sure it willbe no use.
a servant in this house soon learns not to go by the look ofthings.
we don't treat anything here as if we knew all about it."
"when did you see the goblet first?"
i thought you were speaking of the gold cup."
by _goblet_ dawtie understood a small iron pot.
"goblet, or cup, or chalice--whatever you like to call it--i ask how youcame to know about it."
"i know very little about it."
"it is plain you know more than you care to tell.
if you will not answerme you will have to answer a magistrate."
"then i will answer a magistrate," said dawtie, beginning to grow angry.
"you had better answer me, dawtie.
it will be easier for you.
what doyou know about the cup?"
"i know it was not master's, and is not yours--really and truly."
"what can have put such a lie in your head?"
"if it be a lie, sir, it is told in plain print."
but dawtie judged it time to stop.
she bethought herself that she wouldnot have said so much had she not been angry.
"sir," she answered, "you have been asking me questions all this time,and i have been answering them; it is your turn to answer me one."
"if i see proper."
"did my old master tell you the history of that cup?"
"i do not choose to answer the question."
"very well, sir."
dawtie turned to leave the room.
cried crawford; "i have not done with you yet, my girl.
you have not told me what you meant when you said the cup did not belongto the laird."
"i do not choose to answer the question," said dawtie.
"then you shall answer it to a magistrate."
"i will, sir," she replied, and stood.
crawford left the room.
he rode home in a rage.
dawtie went about her work with a bright spot oneach cheek, indignant at the man's rudeness, but praying god to take herheart in his hand, and cool the fever of it.
the words rose in her mind:"it must needs be that offenses come, but woe onto that man by whom theycome."
she was at once filled with pity for the man who could side with thewrong, and want everything his own way, for, sooner or later, confusionmust be his portion; the lord had said: "there is nothing covered thatshall not be revealed, neither hid that shall not be known."
"he needs to be shamed," she said, "but he is thy child; care for him,too."
george felt that he had not borne a dignified part, and knew that hislast chance with alexa was gone.
then he too felt the situationunendurable, and set about removing his property.
he wrote to alexa thathe could no longer doubt it her wish to be rid of the collection, andable to use the room.
it was desirable also, he said, that a thoroughsearch should be made in those rooms before he placed the matter of themissing cup in the hands of the magistrates.
dawtie's last words had sufficed to remove any lingering doubt as towhat had become of the chalice.
it did not occur to him that one soanxious to do the justice of restoration would hardly be capable oftelling lies, of defiling her soul that a bit of property might berecovered; he took it for granted that she meant to be liberallyrewarded by the earl.
george would have ill understood the distinction dawtie made--that thebody of the cup _might_ belong to him, but the soul of the cup _did_belong to another; or her assertion that where the soul was there thebody ought to be; or her argument that he who had the soul had the rightto ransom the body--a reasoning possible to a child-like nature only;she had pondered to find the true law of the case, and this was herconclusion.
george suspected, and grew convinced that alexa was a party to theabstraction of the cup.
she had, he said, begun to share in theextravagant notions of a group of pietists whose leader was thatdetestable fellow, ingram.
alexa was attached to dawtie, and dawtie wasone of them.
he believed alexa would do anything to spite him.
to bringtrouble on dawtie would be to punish her mistress, and the pious farmer,too.
as soon as crawford had his things away from potlurg, satisfied the cupwas nowhere among them, he made a statement of the case to a magistratehe knew; and so represented it, as the outcome of the hypocrisy ofpietism, that the magistrate, hating everything called fanatical, atonce granted him a warrant to apprehend dawtie on the charge of theft.
it was a terrible shock.
alexa cried out with indignation.
dawtie turnedwhite and then red, but uttered never a word.
"dawtie," said her mistress, "tell me what you know about the cup.
youdo know something that you have not told me!"
"i do, ma'am, but i will not tell it except i am forced."
"that you are going to be, my poor girl!
i am very sorry, for i amperfectly sure you have done nothing you know to be wrong!"
"i have done nothing you or anybody would think wrong, ma'am."
she put on her sunday frock, and went down to go with the policeman.
toher joy she found her mistress at the door, ready to accompany her.
theyhad two miles or more to walk, but that was nothing to either.
questioned by the magistrate, not unkindly, for her mistress was there,dawtie told everything--how first she came upon the likeness and historyof the cup, and then saw the cup itself in her master's hands.
crawford told how the laird had warned him against dawtie, giving him tounderstand that she had been seized with a passion for the goblet suchthat she would peril her soul to possess it, and that he dared not lether know where it was.
"sir," said dawtie, "he could na hae distrusted me like that, for he gaeme his keys, and sent me to fetch the cup when he was ower ill to gangtill't."
"if that be true, your worship," said crawford, "it does not affect thefact that the cup was in the hands of the old man when i left him andshe went to him, and from that moment it has not been seen."
"did he have it when you went to him?"
asked the magistrate.
"i didna see't, sir.
he was in a kind o' faint when i got up."
crawford said that, hearing a cry, he ran up again, and found the oldman at the point of death, with just strength to cry out before he died,that dawtie had taken the cup from him.
dawtie was leaning over him, buthe had not imagined the accusation more than the delirious fancy of adying man, till it appeared that the cup was not to be found.
the magistrate made out dawtie's commitment for trial.
he remarked thatshe might have been misled by a false notion of duty: he had beeninformed that she belonged to a sect claiming the right to think forthemselves on the profoundest mysteries--and here was the result!
therewas not a man in scotland less capable of knowing what any woman wasthinking, or more incapable of doubting his own insight.
doubtless, he went on, she had superstitiously regarded the cup asexercising a satanic influence on the mind of her master; but even ifshe confessed it now, he must make an example of one whose fanaticismwould set wrong right after the notions of an illiterate sect, and notaccording to the laws of the land.
he just send the case to be tried bya jury!
if she convinced the twelve men composing that jury, of theinnocence she protested, she would then be a free woman.
dawtie stood very white all the time he was speaking, and her lips everynow and then quivered as if she were going to cry, but she did not.
alexa offered bail, but his worship would not accept it: his righteoussoul was too indignant.
she went to dawtie and kissed her, and togetherthey followed the policeman to the door, where dawtie was to get into aspring-cart with him, and be driven to the county town, there to liewaiting the assizes.
the bad news had spread so fast that as they came out, up came andrew.
at sight of him dawtie gently laughed, like a pleased child.
thepoliceman, who, like many present, had been prejudiced by her looks inher favor, dropped behind, and she walked between her mistress andandrew to the cart.
has god forgotten me?"
she returned, stopping short.
"for god to forget," answered andrew, "would be not to be god anylonger!"
"but here i am on my road til a prison, andrew!
i didna think he wouldhae latten them do't!"
"a bairn micht jist as weel say, whan its nurse lays't intil its cradle,and says: 'noo, lie still!'
'mammy, i didna think ye would hae lattenher do't!'
he's a' aboot ye and in ye, dawtie, and this is come to yejist to lat ye ken 'at he is.
he raised ye up jist to spen' his gloryupo'!
i say, dawtie, did jesus christ deserve what he got?"
"no ae bit, andrew!
what for should ye speir sic a thing?"
"then do ye think god hae forgotten him?"
"may be he thoucht it jist for a minute!"
"well, ye hae thoucht jist for a minute, and ye maun think it nae mair."
"but god couldna forget _him_, an'rew: he got it a' for doin' his will!"
"evil may come upon as from other causes than doing the will of god; butfrom whatever cause it comes, the thing we have to see to is, thatthrough it all we do the will of god!"
"what's his will noo, an'rew?"
"that ye tak it quaietly.
shall not the father do wi' his ain child whathe will!
can he no shift it frae the tae airm to the tither, but thebairn maun girn?
he has ye, dawtie!
it's a' richt!"
"though he slay me, yet will i trust in him!"
she raised her head.
the color had come back to her face; her lips hadceased to tremble; she stepped on steadily to where, a few yards fromthe door, the spring-cart was waiting her.
she bade her mistressgood-bye, then turned to andrew and said:"good-bye, an'rew!
i am not afraid."
"i am going with you, dawtie," said andrew.
"no, sir, you can't do that!"
said the policeman; "at least you can't goin the trap!"
"no, no, andrew!"
"i would rather go alone.
i am quitehappy now.
god will do with me as he pleases!"
"i am going with you," said alexa, "if the policeman will let me."
"oh, yes, ma'am!
a lady's different!--i've got to account for theprisoner you see, sir!"
"i don't think you should, ma'am," said dawtie.
"it's a long way!"
"i am going," returned her mistress, decisively.
"god bless you, ma'am!"
alexa had heard what he said to dawtie.
a new light had broken upon her.
"god is like that, is he?"
she said to herself.
"you can go close up tohim whenever you like?"
it would be three weeks before the assizes came.
the house of potlurgwas searched by the police from garret to cellar, but in vain; the cupwas not found.
as soon as they gave up searching, alexa had the old door of the laird'scloset, discernible enough on the inside, reopened, and the roomcleaned.
almost unfurnished as it was, she made of it hersitting-parlor.
but often her work or her book would lie on her lap, andshe would find herself praying for the dear father for whom she could donothing else now, but for whom she might have done so much, had she beenlike dawtie.
her servant had cared for her father more than she!
as she sat there one morning alone, brooding a little, thinking alittle, reading a little, and praying through it all, meg appeared, andsaid maister andrew wanted to see her.
he had called more than once to inquire after dawtie, but had not beforeasked to see her mistress.
alexa felt herself unaccountably agitated.
when he walked into the room,however, she was able to receive him quietly.
he came, he said, to askwhen she had seen dawtie.
he would have gone himself to see her, but hisfather was ailing, and he had double work to do.
besides, she did notseem willing to see him!
alexa told him she had been with her the daybefore, and had found her a little pale, and, she feared, rathertroubled in her mind.
she said she would trust god to the last, butconfessed herself assailed by doubts.
"i said to her," continued alexa, "'be sure, dawtie, god will make yourinnocence known one day!'
she answered: 'of course, ma'am, there isnothing hidden that shall not be known; but i am not impatient aboutthat.
the jews to this day think jesus an impostor!'
'but surely,' saidi, 'you care that people should understand you are no thief, dawtie!'
'yes, i do,' she answered; 'all i say is, that is does not trouble me.
iwant only to be downright sure that god is looking after me all thetime.
i am willing to sit in prison till i die, if he pleases.'
'godcan't please that!'
'if he does not care to take me out, i donot care to go out,' said dawtie.
'it's not that i'm good; it's onlythat i don't care for anything he doesn't care for.
what would it bethat all men acquitted me, if god did not trouble himself about hischildren!'"
"you see, ma'am, it comes to this," said andrew: "it is god dawtie caresabout, not herself!
if god is all right, dawtie is all right.
the _if_sometimes takes one shape, sometimes another, but the fear is thesame--and the very fear is faith.
sometimes the fear is that there maybe no god, and that you might call a fear for herself; but when dawtiefears lest god should not be caring for her, that is a fear for god; forif god did not care for his creature, he would be no true god!"
"then he could not exist!"
"true; and so you are back on the other fear!"
"what would you have said to her, mr.
"i would have reminded her that jesus was perfectly content with hisfather; that he knew what was coming on himself, and never doubtedhim--just gloried that his father was what he knew him to be."
but what did you mean when you said that dawtie's very fear wasfaith?"
"think, ma'am: people that only care to be saved, that is, not to bepunished for their sins, are anxious only about themselves, not aboutgod and his glory at all.
they talk about the glory of god, but theymake it consist in pure selfishness!
according to them, he seekseverything for himself; which is dead against the truth of god, adiabolic slander of god.
it does not trouble them to believe such thingsabout god; they do not even desire that god should not be like that;they only want to escape him.
they dare not say god will not do this orthat, however clear it be that it would not be fair; they are in terrorof contradicting the bible.
they make more of the bible than of god, andso fail to find the truth of the bible, and accept things concerning godwhich are not in the bible, and are the greatest of insults to him!
dawtie never thinks about saving her soul; she has no fear about hersoul; she is only anxious about god and his glory.
how the doubts come,god knows; but if she did not love god, they would not be there.
jesussays god will speedily avenge his elect--those that cry day and night tohim--which i take to mean that he will soon save them from all suchmiseries.
free dawtie from unsureness about god, and she has no fearleft.
all is well, in the prison or on the throne of god, if he only bewhat she thinks he is.
if any one say that doubt can not coexist withfaith, i answer, it can with love, and love is the greater of the two,yea, is the very heart of faith itself.
god's children are not yet god'smen and women.
the god that many people believe in, claiming to be _the_religious because they believe in him, is a god not worth believing in,a god that ought not to be believed in.
the life given by such a godwould be a life not worth living, even if he made his votaries as happyas they would choose to be.
a god like that could not make a woman likedawtie anxious about him!
if god be not each as jesus, what good wouldthe proving of her innocence be to dawtie!
a mighty thing indeed thatthe world should confess she was not a thief!
but to know that there isa perfect god, one for us to love with all the power of love of which wefeel we are capable, is worth going out of existence for; while to knowthat god himself, must make every throb of consciousness a divineecstasy!"
andrew's heart was full, and out of its fullness he spoke.
never beforehad he been able in the presence of alexa to speak as he felt.
neverbefore had he had any impulse to speak as now.
as soon would he havegone to sow seed on a bare rock, as words of spirit and life in herears!
"i am beginning to understand you," she said.
"will you forgive me?
ihave been very self-confident and conceited!
what a mercy things are notas i thought they were--thought they ought to be!"
"and the glory of the lord shall cover the earth as the waters cover thesea!"
"and men's hearts shall be full of bliss, becausethey have found their father, and he is what he is, and they are goinghome to him."
"you will come and see me again soon--will you not?"
"as often as you please, ma'am; i am your servant."
"then come to-morrow."
he went on the morrow, and the next day, and the day after--almost everyday while dawtie was waiting her trial.
almost every morning alexa went by train to see dawtie; and the news shebrought, andrew would carry to the girl's parents.
dawtie continuedunwilling to see andrew: he had had trouble enough with her already, shesaid; but andrew could not quite understand her refusal.
two days before the assizes, andrew was with alexa in her parlor.
it wasa cool autumn evening, and she proposed they should go on the heath,which came close up to the back of the house.
when they reached the top of the hill, a cold wind was blowing, andandrew, full of care for old and young, man and woman, made alexa drawher shawl closer about her throat, where, with his rough, plow-manhands, he pinned it for her.
she saw, felt, and noted his hands; apitying admiration, of which only the pity was foolish, woke in her; andere she knew, she was looking up in his face with such a light in hereyes that andrew found himself embarrassed, and let his fall.
moved bythat sense of class-superiority which has no place in the kingdom ofheaven, she attributed his modesty to self-depreciation, and theconviction rose in her, which has often risen in such as she, that thereis a magnanimity demanding the sacrifice, not merely of conventionaldignity, but of conventional propriety.
she felt that a great lady, tobe more than great, must stoop; that it was her part to make theapproach which, between equals, was the part of the man; the patroness_must_ do what the woman might not.
this man was worthy of any woman;and he should not, because of the humility that dared not presume, failof what he deserved!
"andrew," she said, "i am going to do an unusual thing, but you are notlike other men, and will not misunderstand!
i know you now--know you asfar above other men as the clouds are above this heath!"
"oh, no, no, ma'am!"
"hear me out, andrew," she interrupted--then paused a little.
"tell me," she resumed, "ought we not to love best the best we know?"
he answered, uncomfortable, but not anticipating whatwas on the way.
"andrew, you are the best i know!
i have said it!
i do not care what theworld thinks; you are more to me than all the worlds!
if you will takeme, i am yours."
she looked him in the face with the feeling that she had done a braveand a right thing.
andrew stood stock-still.
he gasped, and grew pale--then red as a foggy sun.
but hemade scarcely a moment's pause.
"it's a god-like thing you have done, ma'am!"
"but i can notmake the return it deserves.
from the heart of my heart i thank you.
ican say no more."
his voice trembled.
she heard a stifled sob.
he had turned away toconceal his emotion.
and now came greatness indeed to the front.
instead of drawing herselfup with the bitter pride of a woman whose best is scorned, alexa behaveddivinely.
she went close to andrew, laid her hand on his arm, and said:"forgive me, andrew.
i made a mistake.
i had no right to make it.
do notbe grieved, i beg; you are nowise to blame.
let us continue friends!"
"thank you, ma'am!"
said andrew, in a tone of deepest gratitude; andneither said a word more.
they walked side by side back to the house.
said alexa to herself:"i have at least been refused by a man worthy of the honor i did him!
imade no mistake in _him_!"
when they reached the door, she stopped.
andrew took off his hat, andsaid, holding it in his hand as he spoke:"good-night, ma'am!
you _will_ send for me if you want me?"
said alexa, and went in with a strange weight onher heart.
shut in her room, she wept sorely, but not bitterly; and the next dayold meg, at least, saw no change in her.
said andrew to himself:"i will be her servant always."
he was humbled, not uplifted.
the next evening, that before the trial, andrew presented himself at theprison, and was admitted.
dawtie came to meet him, held out her hand,and said:"thank you, andrew!"
"how are you, dawtie?"
"well enough, andrew!"
"god is with us, dawtie."
"are you sure, andrew?"
"dawtie, i can not see god's eyes looking at me, but i am ready to dowhat he wants me to do, and so i feel he is with me."
"oh, andrew, i wish i could be sure!"
"let us take the risk together, dawtie!"
"what risk, andrew?"
"the risk that makes you not sure, dawtie--the risk that is at once theworst and the least--the risk that our hope should be in vain, and thereis no god.
but, dawtie, there is that in my heart that cries christ_did_ die, and _did_ rise again, and god is doing his best.
his perfectlove is our perfect safety.
it is hard upon him that his own childrenwill not trust him!"
"if he would but show himself!"
"the sight of him now would make us believe in him without knowing him;and what kind of faith would that be for him or for us!
we should be badchildren, taking him for a weak parent!
we must _know_ him!
when we do,there will be no fear, no doubt.
we shall run straight home!
dawtie,shall we go together?"
"yes, surely, andrew!
god knows i try.
i'm ready to do whatever you tellme, andrew!"
you must never do what i tell you, except you think itright."
"yes, i know that.
but i am sure i should think it right!"
"we've been of one mind for a long time now, dawtie!"
"sin' lang afore i had ony min' o' my ain!"
responded dawtie, turning toher vernacular.
"then let us be of one heart too, dawtie!"
she was so accustomed to hear andrew speak in figures, that sometimesshe looked through and beyond his words.
she did so now, and seeing nothing, stood perplexed.
"winna ye, dawtie?"
said andrew, holding out his hands.
"i dinna freely un'erstan' ye, an'rew."
"ye h'avenly idiot," cried andrew.
"wull ye be my wife, or wull ye no?"
dawtie threw her shapely arms above her head--straight up, her head fellback, and she seemed to gaze into the unseen.
then she gave a gasp, herarms dropped to her sides, and she would have fallen had not andrewtaken her.
she sighed, and was still in his arms.
"winna ye, dawtie?"
"wait," she murmured; "wait."
"i winna wait, dawtie."
"wait till ye hear what they'll say the morn."
"dawtie, i'm ashamed o' ye.
what care i, an' what daur ye care what theysay.
are ye no the lord's clean yowie?
gien ye care for what ony manthinks o' ye but the lord himsel', ye're no a' his.
gien ye care forwhat i think o' ye, ither-like nor what he thinks, ye're no sae his as imaun hae ye afore we pairt company--which, please god, 'ill be on theither side o' eternity."
"but, an'rew, it winna do to say o' yer father's son 'at he took hiswife frae the jail."
"'deed they s' say naething ither!
what ither cam i for?
would ye hae meashamed o' ane o' god's elec'--a lady o' the lord's ain coort?"
"eh, but i'm feart it's a' the compassion o' yer hert, sir.
ye wad fainmak' up to me for the disgrace.
ye could weel do wantin' me."
"i winna say," returned andrew, "that i couldna live wantin' ye, forthat wad be to say i wasna worth offerin' ye, and it would be to denyhim 'at made you and me for ane anither, but i wad have a some sairtime!
i'll jist speak to the minister to be ready the minute the lordopens yer prison-door."
the same moment in came the governor with his wife; they were muchinterested in dawtie.
"sir, and ma'am," said andrew, "will you please witness that this womanis my wife?"
"it's maister andrew ingram o' the knowe," said dawtie.
"he wants me tomerry him."
"i want her to go before the court as my wife," said andrew.
"she wouldhave me wait till the jury said this or that.
the jury give me my wife.
as if i didn't know her."
"you won't have him, i see," said mrs. innes, turning to dawtie.
cried dawtie, "i wad hae him gien there war but the heid o'him."
"then you are husband and wife," said the governor; "only you shouldhave the thing done properly by the minister--afterward."
"i'll see to that, sir," answered andrew.
"come, wife," said the governor, "we must let them have a few minutesalone together."
"there," said andrew, when the door closed, "ye're my wife, noo, dawtie.
lat them acquit ye or condemn ye, it's you an' me, noo, whatever come!"
dawtie broke into a flood of tears--an experience all but new toher--and found it did her good.
she smiled as she wiped her eyes, andsaid:"weel, an'rew, gien the lord hasna appeart in his ain likeness todeliver me, he's done the next best thing."
"dawtie," answered andrew, "the lord never does the next best.
the thinghe does is always better than the thing he does not."
"lat me think, an' i'll try to un'erstan'," said dawtie, but andrew wenton.
"the best thing, whan a body's no ready for 't, would be the warst togie him--or ony gait no the thing for the father o' lichts to gie.
shortbreid micht be waur for a half hungert bairn nor a stane.
but theminute it's fit we should look upo' the face o' the son o' man, oor aingod-born brither, we'll see him, dawtie; we'll see him.
hert canna thinkwhat it'll be like.
and noo, dawtie, wull ye tell me what for ye wouldnalat me come and see ye afore?"
"i wull, an'rew; i was nae suner left to mysel' i' the prison than ifaun' mysel' thinkin' aboot _you_--you first, and no the lord.
i said tomysel', 'this is awfu'.
i'm leanin' upo' an'rew, and no upo' the firstand the last.'
i saw that that was to brak awa' frae him that wasnearest me, and trust ane that was farther awa'--which wasna i' the holyrizzon o' things.
sae i said to mysel' i would meet my fate wi' the lordalane, and wouldna hae you come 'atween him and me.
noo ye hae 't,an'rew."
andrew took her in his arms and said:"thank ye, dawtie.
eh, but i _am_ content and she thought she hadnafaith.
ye maun gane to yer bed, an' grow stoot inhert for the morn."
through the governor of the jail andrew obtained permission to standnear the prisoner at the trial.
the counsel for the prosecution did allhe could, and the counsel for the defense not much--at least dawtie'sfriends thought so--and the judge summed up with the greatestimpartiality.
dawtie's simplicity and calmness, her confidence devoid ofself-assertion, had its influence on the jury, and they gave theuncomfortable verdict of "_not proven_," so that dawtie was discharged.
alexa had a carriage ready to take her home.
as dawtie went to it shewhispered to her husband:"ye hae to tak me wantin' a character, andrew."
"jesus went home without a character, and was well received," saidandrew, with a smile.
"you'll be over to-night to see the old folk?"
"yes, andrew; i'm sure the mistress will let me."
"don't say a word to her of our marriage, except she has heard, andmentions it.
i want to tell her myself.
you will find me at the croftwhen you come, and i will go back with you."
in the evening dawtie came, and brought the message that her mistresswould like to see him.
when he entered the room alexa rose to meet him.
he stopped short.
"i thank you, ma'am," he said, "for your great kindness to dawtie.
wewere married in the prison.
she is my wife now."
echoed alexa, flushing, and drawing back a step.
"i had loved her long, ma'am; and when trouble came her the time camefor me to stand by her side."
"you had not spoken to her then--till--""not till last night.
i said before the governor of the prison and mrs.innes that we were husband and wife.
if you please, ma'am, we shall havethe proper ceremony as soon as possible."
"i wish i had known," said alexa--almost to herself, with a troubledsmile.
"i wish you had, ma'am," responded andrew.
she raised her face with alook of confidence.
"will you please to forget, andrew?"
nobility had carried the day.
she had not one mean thought either of himor the girl.
"to forget is not in man's power, ma'am; but i shall never think athought you would wish unthought."
she held out her hand to him.
they were friends forever.
"will you be married here, andrew?
the house is at your service," shesaid.
"don't you think it ought to be at her father's, ma'am?"
"you are right," said alexa; and she sat down.
andrew stood in silence, for he saw she was meditating something.
atlength she raised her head, and spoke.
"you have been compelled to take the step sooner than you intended--haveyou not?"
"then you can hardly be so well prepared as you would like to be!"
"we shall manage."
"it will hardly be convenient for your mother, i fear!
you have nowhereelse to take her--have you?"
"no, ma'am; but my mother loves us both.
and," he added, simply, "wherethere's room for me, there's room for her now!"
"would you mind if i asked you how your parents take it?"
"they don't say much.
you see, ma'am, we are all proud until we learnthat we have one master, and we all are brethren.
but they will soon getover it"when i see a man lifting up those that are beneath him, not pulling downthose that are above him, i will believe in his communism.
those whomost resent being looked down upon, are in general the readiest to lookdown upon others.
it is not principle, it is not truth, it is themselvesthey regard.
of all false divinities, self is the most illogical.
"if god had been the mighty monarch they represent him," continuedandrew, "he would never have let us come near him!"
"did you hear mr. rackstraw's sermon on the condescension of god?"
"the condescension of god, ma'am!
there is no such thing.
god nevercondescended, with one jove-like nod, all his mighty, eternal life!
godcondescend to his children--their spirits born of his spirit, theirhearts the children of his heart!
there never was a falser,uglier word in any lying sermon!"
his eyes flashed and his face shone.
alexa thought she had never seenhim look so grand.
"i will never use the word about god again!"
"thank you, ma'am."
"why should you thank me?"
"i beg your pardon; i had no right to thank you.
but i am so tried withthe wicked things said about god by people who think they are speakingto his pleasure and not in his despite, that i am apt to talk foolishly.
i don't wonder at god's patience with the wicked, but i do wonder at hispatience with the pious!"
"they don't know better!"
"how are they to know better while they are so sure about everything!
iwould infinitely rather believe in no god at all, than in such a god asthey would have me believe in!"
"oh, but andrew, i had not a glimmer of what you meant--of what youreally objected to, or what you loved!
now, i can not even recall whatit was i did not like in your teaching.
i think it was that, instead oflistening to know what you meant, i was always thinking how to opposeyou, or trying to find out by what name you were to be called.
one timei thought you were an arminian, another time a socinian, then aswedenborgian, then an arian!
i read a history of the sects of themiddle ages, just to see where i could set you down.
i told people youdid not believe this, and did not believe that, when i knew neither whatyou believed, nor what you did not believe.
i thought i did, but it wasall mistake and imagination.
when you would not discuss things with me,i thought you were afraid of losing the argument.
now i see that,instead of disputing about opinions, i should have been saying: 'god bemerciful to me a sinner!'"
"god be praised!"
"ma'am, you are a free woman!
the fatherhas called you, and you have said: 'here i am.'"
"i hope so, andrew, thanks to god by you!
but i am forgetting what iwanted to say!
would it not be better--after you are married, i mean--tolet dawtie stay with me awhile?--i will promise you not to work her toohard," she added, with a little laugh.
"i see, ma'am!
it is just like you!
you want people to know that youbelieve in her!"
"yes; but i want also to do what i can to keep such good tenants.
therefore i must add a room or two to your house, that there may be goodaccommodation for you all."
"you make thanks impossible, ma'am!
i will speak to dawtie about it.
iknow she will be glad not to leave you!
i will take care not to troublethe house."
"you shall do just as dawtie and you please.
where dawtie is, there willbe room for you!"
already alexa's pain had grown quite bearable.
dawtie needed no persuading.
she was so rich in the possession of andrewthat she could go a hundred years without seeing him, she said.
it wasonly that he would come and see her, instead of her going to see him!
in ten days they were married at her father's cottage.
her father andmother then accompanied her and andrew to the knowe, to dine withandrew's father and mother.
in the evening the new pair went out for awalk in the old fields.
"it _seems_, dawtie, as if god was here!"
"i would fain see him, andrew!
i would rather _you_ went out than god!"
"suppose he was nowhere, dawtie?"
"if god werena in _you_, ye wadna be what ye are to yer ignorant dawtie,andrew!
she needs her father in h'aven sairer nor her andrew!
but i'msayin' things sae true 'at it's jist silly to say them!
eh, it's likeh'aven itsel' to be oot o' that prison, an' walkin' aboot wi' you!
godhas gien me a' thing!--jist _a' thing_, andrew!"
"god was wi' ye i' the prison, dawtie!"
but i like better to be wi' him here!"
"an' ye may be sure he likes better to ha'e ye here!"
the next day alexa set dawtie to search the house yet again for themissing goblet.
"it must be somewhere!"
"we are beset with an absolutecontradiction: the thing can't be in the house!
and it must be in thehouse!"
"if we do find it," returned dawtie, "folk'll say them 'at could hidecould weel seek!
i s' luik naegait wantin' you, mem!"
the study was bare of books, and the empty shelves gave no hint ofconcealment they stood in its dreariness looking vaguely round them.
"did it ever come to ye, mem," said dawtie, "that a minute or twa passedbetween mr. crawford comin' doon the stair wi' you, and me gaein' up tothe maister?
when i gaed intil the room, he lay pantin' i' the bed; butas i broodit upo' ilka thing alane i' the prison, he cam afore me, therei' the bed, as gien he had gotten oot o' 't, and hidden awa' the cup,and was jist gotten intil't again, the same moment i cam in."
"dying people will do strange things!"
rejoined her mistress.
"but itbrings us no nearer the cup!"
"the surer we are, the better we'll seek!"
they began, and went over the room thoroughly--looking everywhere theycould think of.
they had all but given it up to go on elsewhere, whendawtie, standing again in the middle and looking about in a sort ofunconscious hopelessness, found her eyes on the mantel-shelf, and wentand laid her hand upon it.
it was of wood, and she fancied it a littleloose, but she could not move it.
"when andrew comes we'll get him to examine it!"
he came in the evening, and alexa told him what they had been doing.
shebegged him to get tools, and see whether there was not a space under themantel-shelf.
but andrew, accustomed to ponder contrivances with sandy,would have a good look at it first he came presently upon a cleverlittle spring, pressing which he could lift the shelf: there under it,sure enough, in rich response to the candle he held, flashed the gems ofthe curiously wrought chalice of gold!
alexa gave a cry, andrew drew adeep breath, dawtie laughed like a child.
how they gazed on it, passedit from one to the other, pored over the gems, and over the raised workthat inclosed them, i need not tell.
they began to talk about what wasto be done with it.
"we will send it to the earl!"
"no," said andrew; "that would be to make ourselves judges in the case!
your father must have paid money for it; he gave it to mr. crawford, andmr. crawford must not be robbed!"
"everything in the next room was left to mycousin, with the library in this; whatever else was left him wasindividually described.
the cup was not in the next room, and was notmentioned.
providence has left us to do with it as we may judge right.
ithink it ought to be taken to borland hall--and by dawtie."
she will mention that your father bought it?"
"i will not take a shilling for it!"
"is not that because you are not quite sure you have the right todispose of it?"
"i would not take the price of it if my father had left the cupexpressly to me!"
"had he done so, you would have a right to what he paid for it.
to givethe earl the choice of securing it, would be a service rendered him.
ifhe were too poor to buy it, the thing would have to be considered."
"nothing could make me touch money for it.
george would never doubt wehad concealed it in order to trick him out of it!"
"he will think so all the same.
it will satisfy him, and not a fewbeside, that dawtie ought to have been convicted.
the thing is certainlymr. crawford's--that is, his as not yours.
your father undoubtedly meanthim to have the cup; and god would not have you, even to serve theright, take advantage of an accident.
whatever ought to be done with thecup, mr. crawford ought to do it; it is his business to do right inregard to it; and whatever advantage may be gained by doing right, mr.crawford ought to have the chance of gaining it.
would you deprive himof the opportunity, to which at least he has a right, of doing justice,and delivering his soul?"
"you would have us tell the earl that his cup is found, but mr. crawfordclaims it?"
"andrew would have us take it to mr. crawford," said dawtie, "and tellhim that the earl has a claim to it."
"tell him also," said andrew, "where it was found, showing he has no_legal_ right to it; and tell him he has no more moral right to it thanthe laird could give him.
tell him, ma'am," continued andrew, "that youexpect him to take it to the earl, that he may buy it if he will; andsay that if, after a fortnight, you find it is not in the earl'spossession, you will yourself ascertain from him whether the offer hasbeen made him."
"that is just right," said alexa.
and so the thing was done.
the cup is now in the earl's collection, andwithout any further interference on her part.
a few days after she and dawtie carried the cup to crawford, a parcelarrived at potlurg, containing a beautiful silver case, and inside thecase the jeweled watch--with a letter from george, begging alexa toaccept his present, and assuring her of his conviction that the momenthe annoyed her with any further petition, she would return it.
heexpressed his regret that he had brought such suffering upon dawtie, andsaid he was ready to make whatever amends her husband might think fit.
alexa accepted the watch, and wore it.
she thought her father would likeher to do so.
the friendship of the three was never broken.
i will not say that, asshe lay awake in the dark, the eyes of alexa never renewed the tears ofthat autumn night on which she turned her back upon the pride of self,but her tears were never those of bitterness, of self-scorn, or ofself-pity.
"if i am to be pitied," she would say to herself, "let the lord pity me!
i am not ashamed, and will not be sorry.
i have nothing to resent; noone has wronged me."
andrew died in middle age.
his wife said the master wanted him forsomething nobody else could do, or he would not have taken him from her.
she wept and took comfort, for she lived in expectation.
one night when she and alexa were sitting together at potlurg, about amonth after his burial, speaking of many things with the freedom of along and tried love, alexa said, after a pause of some duration:"were you not very angry with me then, dawtie?"
"when andrew told you."
"told me what, ma'am?
i must be stupid to-night, for i can't think whatyou mean."
"when he told you i wanted him, not knowing he was yours."
"i ken naething o' what ye're mintin' at, mem," persisted dawtie, in atone of bewilderment.
i thought you had no secrets from one another."
"i don't know that we ever had--except things in his books that he saidwere god's secrets, which i should understand some day, for god wastelling them as fast as he could get his children to understand them."
"i see," sighed alexa; "you were made for each other.
but this is mysecret, and i have the right to tell it.
he kept it for me to tell you.
i thought all the time you knew it""i don't want to know anything andrew would not tell me."
"he thought it was my secret, you see, not his, and that was why he didnot tell you."
"of coarse, ma'am.
andrew always did what was right."
"well, then, dawtie--i offered to be his wife if he would have me."
"and what did he say?"
asked dawtie, with the composure of one listeningto a story learned from a book.
"he told me he couldn't.
but i'm not sure what he _said_.
the words wentaway."
"when was it he asked you?"
said dawtie, sunk in thought.
"the night but one before the trial," answered alexa.
"he micht hae ta'en you, then, i'stead o' me--a lady an' a'.
doyou think he took me 'cause i was in trouble?
he micht hae been lairdhimsel'."
"if you think that would have weighedwith andrew, i ought to have been his wife, for i know him better thanyou."
dawtie smiled at that.
"but i do know, mem," she said, "that andrew was fit to cast thelairdship frae him to comfort ony puir lassie.
i would ha' lo'ed him a'the same."
"as i have done, dawtie," said alexa, solemnly.
"but he wouldn't havethrown _me_ away for you, if he hadn't loved you, dawtie.
be sure ofthat.
he might have made nothing of the lairdship, but he wouldn't havemade nothing of me."
"that's true, mem.
i dinna doobt it."
"i love him still--and you mustn't mind me saying it, dawtie.
there areways of loving that are good, though there be some pain in them.
thankgod, we have our children to look after.
you will let me say _our_children, won't you, dawtie?"
some thought alexa hard, some thought her cold, but the few that knewher knew she was neither; and some of my readers will grant that such afriend as andrew was better than such a husband as george.
